Coming out of the (water) closet - An Omorashi Fiction

Author: GaijinJohn

*005*2012-12-19 16:26

The desperation was short for 3 reasons:

1. Haruko had already wet herself that day, so her bladder was severely weakened.

2. Kei interrupted her before she wet herself.

3. While she was talking to her friends online she was distracted from her desperation, so she did not notice. Kimiko also experiences this, particularly while gaming.

*006*2012-12-30 15:21

@desp_1999, your wish will be fulfilled. We're going to extend the desperation at the end of chapter 2. We'll repost the end of the chapter here before starting on chapter 3.

*008*2013-01-04 12:28

We have now rewritten chapter 2 and made Haruko's desperation much more agonising, but we're not going to post it until we post the complete, final version. At present we're rapidly proceeding with Chapter 3. Expect a lot of extra detail in the final version.

*009*2013-01-12 15:46

We're not posting the edited version of the end of Chapter 2 because it would disjoint the flow of the story. Expect it in the final version.

This is actually only a part of the original Chapter 3, but we felt that we had to post something, so here's what we've done so far.

Chapter 3

Contains female desperation, wetting and messing, and some intimidation. Also contains profuse profanity and sexist opinions which are not held by either of the authors.

2 police officers, male and female, turned the street corner and walked down the street. The man, Miyazaki Kei, you have already met in an informal capacity. The woman, Ishikawa Ai, you have not, though she has been mentioned. Ai stood 1.7m (not cm) tall, unusually tall for a Japanese woman. Her body, though most of it was not currently visible under her police uniform, was slender and toned, like that of a middle-distance runner. Her breasts were of average size for a Japanese woman – that is, quite small. Her skin had turned a darker shade of yellow from years of outdoor pursuits, but was still smooth and soft to touch, if she allowed it.

Her face was, predictably for a woman in this story, flawlessly beautiful. Her eyes were deep brown, and her hair was of similar colour and flowed to her shoulders out of the back of her cap. Though she was without doubt outstandingly beautiful, her beauty was different from Haruko's (or Kimiko's). She was not at all bulky, but her muscles were toned and strong, and her sporting prowess was exceptional. (If you haven't worked it out by now, she's my creation. Kimiko, and therefore the girls she creates, wouldn't exercise unless they were rewarded with food, sex or geeky pursuits afterwards. And I have used all 3 of these incentives.)

Since her youth Ai had rejected traditionally feminine values, and this was evident in her dress. She wore a man's cap with her uniform, though she wore a white brassiere and panties underneath for comfort. She had even dropped the patronising “-ko” from the end of her birth name. (“-ko” means “child”.) Throughout her life her best friends had been boys and her interests distinctly masculine. She spoke with blunt, masculine language, using indigenous words. So, if you know your dated stereotypes, you'll not be at all surprised to read that she was a proud homosexual, and wore a rainbow badge on her uniform to show it. She'd had several relationships, none successful, and was now single and looking for a girlfriend. Kei's news of a prospective partner was therefore extremely welcome. Currently, though, another carnal need was dominating her thoughts. No, it wasn't her bladder.

*disappointed grumbling*

Patrolling the streets had made both her and Kei hungry, and their routine meal at their local izakaya (the Japanese equivalent of a British public house, or an American bar – I probably don't have to explain all this, but I have to be sure) seemed very appealing. As they walked they scanned the streets around them for signs of trouble. As usual, they had seen nothing to cause concern. Their radios had remained silent for most of the day. As they walked down the street, they passed the supermarket where Haruko had disgraced herself the day before. Kei glanced inside, then walked on. He felt a pang of sympathy for his wife. It must have been awful for her to wet her panties in front of so many people. But she kept calm and carried on – she did her work, called her friends and gave him more pleasure than he would have thought possible prior to his marriage. He was proud of her.

Inside the izakaya, another exceptionally beautiful and exceptionally nerdy (of course) young lady was experiencing the same suffering that Haruko had done the day before. Takahashi Riko rubbed her legs together and shifted uncomfortably on her bar stool. Riko was about the same height as Haruko, at 1.61m (not cm), and had a similarly slender and sexy figure, with small breasts and soft, pale skin. Her hair was shoulder-length and deep brown. Her face was also beautiful, but it was stricken with anguish and worry, and her brown eyes were filled with sadness. Her head hung low, and her body was marked with bruises. She wore a black leather jacket over a blue and white striped T-shirt. Her legs were partly covered by her denim skirt, which finished halfway down her thighs. Underneath it she wore plain white panties. On her feet she wore short white socks and white trainers.

Her worry was not caused by her bladder, but by the man sitting on the bar stool next to her. Shimuzu Sōta was the man she once would have described as her boyfriend, but now would describe as her jailer. He stood 1.75m (not cm) tall, with a medium build and defined muscles. His face and body were undeniably very attractive, and his eyes were brown. His hair was short and black. He was tattooed across his back, though this was not visible under his black T-shirt, which bore an image of a dragon. He wore blue jeans and high boots. Inside his right boot was a knife. Already I can imagine that most of you would not want your daughter to marry this man. You would be correct. However, Riko had not had access to this description when she met him.

She was a lonely, nerdy, mildly autistic computer programmer silently wishing for a handsome boyfriend. Her looks had drawn a lot of male attention, but none of her potential suitors had suited her. Then she had met a rich and extremely handsome banker who treated her like a princess. It sounded like the plot of “50 Shades of Grey”, and BDSM sex did ensue. Unfortunately, it wasn't. Sōta's wealth came from protection rackets, loan sharking and fraud, and violence was common in his work. The level of sake in his bottles descended alarmingly quickly, and when it did, his temperament became highly brittle. Sometimes he beat her. Sometimes he even raped her. But after his rage had cooled he returned to the kind man she thought she knew, and apologised, and promised he'd never strike her again. And, tearfully, she would believe him. But he never kept his promise.

He was very possessive of her, and always took her to the izakaya with him when he went. Tonight he was here with 2 friends, Mori Yūto and Matsumada Kotarō. Both were muscular, intimidating brutes with cruel-sounding voices. They were also tatooed, and carried knives. She hated sitting for hours while Sōta and his criminal accomplices discussed their work and life in general in true Tarantino style, smoked, gambled, played drinking games and spat sexist abuse at her and any other women foolish enough to enter No Woman's Land. Supposedly Sōta was keeping her in sight to prevent her from cheating, but she knew that he really brought her so he and his friends could mock her and torment her for laughs and sadistic arousal. As the evening progressed, and they became increasingly inebriated, the abuse became worse, though it rarely amounted to violence. She'd never dare to cheat on him, anyway. He'd told her he'd kill her, and she believed him.

The izakaya was dimly lit, and the still air reeked of Turkish cigars. The acrid fumes irritated Riko's delicate lungs and eyes, and she coughed quietly and blinked rapidly. The smoke, along with the intimidating appearance of Sōta and his friends, had driven other more savoury customers off the bar stools and onto the tatami on the floor. A television showed live coverage of a baseball game, which Sōta's gang had avidly watching and betting on from the start. On the bar in front of them were several empty glasses, an ashtray and a pile of banknotes staked on the game. She had drunk only lemonade, but it had quckly travelled through her. It was late in the evening, the match was reaching its conclusion, and they had become drunk and boisterous. They offered an insightful commentary on the game.

“Catch it, for fuck's sake! Are you fucking cross-eyed or something?”asked Yūto, slamming the bar with his fists.

“Don't be harsh on him. He greased his gloves before the game,” said Sōta, smiling smugly. He looked set to sweep the pot.

“Why the fuck would he do that?”

“To please his bitch afterwards!”

“Then why wouldn't he wait until the game's over?” asked Kotarō.

“He's not that smart,” said Sōta.

Riko shifted uncomfortably on her stool. She had sat there for 3 hours already (baseball matches can be very long), and was tired, bored and desperate to urinate. She had to ask for permission to use the bathroom, but she knew not to interrupt Sōta's gang while the match was in progress. She'd ask once it had finished. It couldn't be much longer now. She thought about relaxing in the bath by herself reading manga, while avoiding dropping it in the bath as Kimiko has done on several occasions. (I shouldn't have laughed, but I did.) She knew that wasn't what she'd be doing when she got home; Sōta would want sex, whether she liked it or not.

Whether or not he could actually indulge his desires depended on exactly how many glasses of sake and shōchū (potent Japanese spirits) he had consumed. More than 6, and she was spared; fewer than 6, and she was fucked, literally. But her little dream was a simple fantasy she could return to when life became depressing, which was often. It was good to escape to the worlds of mecha robots and super saiyan sometimes. She immersed herself in her dream, and swung her bare, slender legs under the stool.

The match finished with a narrow 5-4 victory for the Giants (Yomiuri, not San Francisco) over the Tigers. Sōta, Yūto and Kotarō had all bet on the score. Yūto had backed the underdog and predicted the Tigers to win; Kotarō had predicted a victory for the Giants by a margin of 3 runs or more; and Sōta had correctly predicted a Giants victory by fewer than 3 runs. The betting had grown to 10,000 yen each (not worth as much as it sounds), and he had made 20,000 yen in profit. Yūto and Kotarō accepted their losses with unusual grace, and began loudly and irreverently discussing the game. Sōta was in a good mood. Now was the time for Riko to ask permission to use the bathroom. If he refused, it would be disastrous – they would know she was desperate, and might make her wet herself. Sōta had done it before. She had to be as polite and charming as she could.

“Sōta,” she said quietly, “may I use the bathroom?”

Sōta turned and looked at her. He saw her legs rubbing and knew she really needed to go. She had adopted the cutest expression she could, and her eyes were childlike and wide. Only a sadistic bastard would have refused her.

“What does your bitch want?” asked Yūto.

“She needs to go for a pee,” said Sōta. “You can tell by looking.”

“Well, I guess you'd better let her go, for the sake of the cleaners.”

Riko felt relieved. She could go to the bathroom.

“Wait,” said Kotarō. “I have an idea.”

Dread shot through her. She dropped her head.

“What is it?” asked Sōta.

“I think we've found something else we can bet on.”

“Do you have any money left? I thought I'd cleared you out.”

“I'll pay you tomorrow if I lose. Which I won't.”

“You'd better. What's your idea, then?”

“Well, your bitch needs to pee. If she can hold it in until closing time, you get another 10,000 yen from each of us-”

“Who said I was playing?” yelled Yūto.

“I did. If she can't, and wets herself, we get all our money back.”

“I'm not staking another 10,000 yen on a bitch wetting herself!”

“Then I'll make the deal a little sweeter. If she wets herself, then we get 20,000 yen each.”

Sōta looked concerned.

“This is Riko! She's as leaky as an aid convoy to an African dictatorship. She'll drench herself in half an hour.”

“Then you'd better incentivise her not to pee,” said Yūto. “Tell her that if she lets go, she'll pay when you get home.”

“I still don't like this idea.”

“Let's have a vote,” said Kotarō. “Who votes for this wager?”

Kotarō and Yūto raised their hands.

“Who votes against?”

Sōta and Riko raised theirs.

Riko was terrified. She was going to be forced to hold her urine, and she would be beaten if she failed. It was like she was trapped in the sadomasochistic fantasies of a highly over-sexed young lady.

“Well, that settles it,” said Kotarō. “We're making the bet.”

“But it was 2 against 2!” squealed Riko in desperation. She crossed her legs to reduce the other kind of desperation she was suffering, and put her hands over her bladder. She could feel it bulging slightly.

“No, it wasn't,” said Yūto. “It was 2 against 1.”

“Why?”

“Because you're a girl. Now shut the fuck up and know your fucking place.”

“Don't swear at my bitch!” said Sōta. “That's my job!” He turned round to face her. “Know your place, bitch, and keep quiet.”

Riko dropped her head and sniffled in quiet suffering. She coughed as the cigar smoke scathed her lungs.

“So, what do we do?” asked Yūto. “Sit and wait until she wets herself?”

“Carry on as before,” said Kotarō. “If anyone hears hissing, check.”

There was a pause as Riko whimpered in misery.

“I'll buy the next round of shōchū, since I'm the only one with any money left,” said Sōta. He stuck the bar, shaking the empty glasses. “Bartender!”

The bartender rushed to him without delay.

“Another round of shōchū for all of us.”

“How about we get Riko a drink as well?” said Kotarō, in a low voice.

“How about you actually give me a chance to win this bet? We're talking about Riko here! She's fucking incontinent!”

“You mean she's incontinent while she's fucking?” asked Kotarō.

“No, you fucking moron. It just intensifies the meaning.”

The bartender looked at them with alarm and mild revulsion. He was used to profanity and the stench of Turkish cigars, but not to discussion of female incontinence.

“Just go ahead and pour our fucking shōchū,” said Yūto.

“Don't swear at the bartender, you fucking jackass!” said Sōta.

“I wasn't being aggressive.”

The bartender poured 3 glasses of shōchū and served them. Sōta paid.

“So, are we getting anything for Riko?” asked Kotarō.

“No!” shouted Sōta.

“No...” whimpered Riko. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and stroked her swollen bladder.

“Come on!” said Yūto, loudly enough for everyone to hear. “Riko's only had lemonade! Don't you think she deserves some alcohol?”

“She doesn't want any alcohol,” said Sōta.

“You're a mean boyfriend, then, aren't you?”

“She doesn't want any alcohol. Do you, Riko?”

“I don't want any alcohol,” said Riko, her voice timid and soft. She knew that Sōta was only showing concern for her because his money was at stake. If the bets were reversed, he'd be pouring drinks down her, and smiling sadistically as he did.

“She doesn't want any alcohol. Now, let's drink ours.”

“Watch,” said Yūto. He raised the glass to his nose and drained it down his nostrils.

“That's quite impressive. I think I'll drink mine more slowly.”

“Why?” asked Yūto. “This is cheap stuff. It's not worth savouring.”

“If you want anything better, buy it when you get your money. You won't have to wait very long.”

Riko whimpered plaintively. Her bladder was throbbing with pain, but the threat of the pain that would come if she failed was far worse. Her hands moved onto her skirt and felt around her bladder. However she sat, she could not feel comfortable, and if she spread her legs her panties would receive an unsettling male gaze from around the room. Why was no one helping her? Why did she have to be here? She wished she could be back with her parents. Why did she think Sōta was a good partner? It was her fault she was here. Tears began to well in her eyes. She couldn't cry, or she'd be mocked savagely. She forced them back. She continued to shift and squirm on her stool, trying to find a comfortable, or at least less painful, position. The concerned bartender saw her, and walked over to her.

“Are you alright, madam? You look like you're in pain.”

“I really need to pee,” she whispered in confidence.

“The bathroom's over there.”

“I know. But Sōta won't let me go.”

“Why?”

“They're betting on whether I can hold it until closing time. And I don't think I can.”

He looked at them with greater revulsion, then back at her.

“That's disgusting.”

“And if I wet myself, Sōta's going to hit me for losing his money.”

“What sick fucks.” He shook his head.

Sōta looked round and saw the bartender talking to Riko.

“Bartender.” He beckoned him. The bartender walked over to him.

“Has Riko been telling you any bullshit about us making her pee herself?”

He feigned surprise. “No.”

“She's into omorashi yagai. It means that she wets herself in public and gets wet in more ways than one. She's just making excuses.”

“That's...strange.”

“It is. We let her indulge herself, because we're tolerant people,” said Yūto.

“It is true, weird as it sounds,” said Kotarō.

“You have the word of 3 men against 1 squirming girl. Who are you going to believe?”

The bartender looked back at Riko's beautiful, bruised face, her eyes glistening with tears. He knew who to believe. It wasn't the men.

Sōta and Kotarō drunk their shōchū and conversed with Yūto about work, sport and the affairs of the world in their distinctive, expletive-laden style. Riko focused on distracting herself from the agony of her bladder. First she tried to think about Magic: The Gathering. Unfortunately she used a blue/black deck and the thought of water magic made her desperation worse. She leaned forward and pressed her hands into her skirt. If only she could summon some water magic to transplant the urine in her bloated bladder into Sōta's, and make him pee himself like a schoolgirl. (Well, like Kimiko as a schoolgirl. Most Japanese schoolgirls don't wet themselves as a matter of course. Unfortunately, Kimiko did, and she suffered severe bullying for it.)

She had to stop thinking about water! It was making her desperation worse! Her thoughts switched to a her most beloved game: Starcraft 2. There was no water in sight. She found that moving on her stool reduced the pain, so she shifted her rear, slid her thighs and swung her legs. She looked like someone had lined her skirt with itching powder, and drew strange looks from the men on the tatami, many hoping to glimpse her panties. Occasionally one of Sōta's gang would look at her to see her still struggling, then check his wristwatch. There was an hour and a half to go.

She could never possibly hold it in for that long. But she had to. Sōta was getting very drunk, and though he was losing the ability to rape her he was also losing the ability to control his force. If she failed him, she'd get the worst beating she'd had in weeks. She could not fail. However much it hurt, Sōta would hurt her far more. She wished the bartender would talk to her again, but he was occupied with other customers and not wanting to incur Sōta's wrath. She continued to think about gaming, anime and everything else geeky girls enjoy that doesn't involve water. Her breaths were shallow to avoid disturbing her bladder, and to avoid inhaling too much Turkish cigar smoke at once.

The following 30 minutes were agonising. Yūto and Kotarō watched her growing desperation with glee, and Sōta with concern, not for her dignity but for his money. She couldn't hold it for another hour. Her bladder had swollen large and firm, and even stroking it was painful. Her hands were firmly pressed inside her skirt pushing into her crotch, as if she was engaging in a bizarre form of double-handed masturbation. She bounced, squirmed, writhed and rolled on her stool, and her face was contorted in pain. If her skirt had been lined with itching powder 30 minutes before, it was now on fire. Riko had soiled her panties many times in her life, and she knew that at this stage she could not last another hour, even if her life depended on it. She had to beg Sōta for mercy. He'd probably show none, but it was her only chance.

“Sōta,” she whimpered, her voice quavering from the strain of retaining her urine. “I can't hold it for another hour.”

Sōta span round. His voice was as malevolent a hiss as is possible after 2 glasses of sake and 3 of shōchū. Though no one else could see, he also needed to urinate, but he did not want to leave to go to the bathroom in case Yūto and Kotarō decided to intervene while he was away.

“Don't let it go, Riko, or I'll beat you unconscious.”

“But Sōta, I can't hold it. I'm going to pee myself.”

“No, you're not, if you know what's best for you. I'm not losing 40,000 yen because you can't be arsed to use the toilet like a big girl.”

“But Sōta, it's not a choice. I'm going to pee whether I want to or not.”

“That's just your excuse. Shut the fuck up and hold it like a big girl, or I'll rape you so hard my dick will erupt from your head.”

Most girls, including Kimiko, would have drenched themselves in terror at this point. Riko, however, barely managed to contain her urine, and clenched her legs tight as she tried to calm herself. She could think of nothing but her bladder, and was straining to prevent it from realeasing. She couldn't hold it for another hour – that was certain. And Sōta's threats were genuine. Only one option was available to her – escape. If she jumped off her stool and ran out of the door, wetting like a waterfall, she could probably get away. A night on the streets was better than a night being battered by Sōta. In the morning he would return to his kind self, and welcome her back. She swung her legs round and launched herself off the stool.

As she did she felt her straining sphincter burst open. Warmth exploded into her panties as her feet hit the ground. She immediately sprinted as fast as she could towards the door. A jet of urine shot between her legs and splashed the floor like a power hose. Some customers seated on the tatami were gifted with a complimentary golden shower, which none of them particularly enjoyed. The relief was almost orgasmic. In a way it felt liberating to let go in her panties as she ran. She released herself as she released herself from their sadistic game.

As soon as Sōta saw her leap from the stool, he swung round and followed her. Yūto and Kotarō also swung round, but they swung into each other and drunkenly tumbled onto the floor. Sōta was about 3 metres behind Riko as she pushed open the door and ran outside. She turned left, still urinating at full force, and without looking back sprinted away, leaving a river of urine behind her. Every bystander near her gave at least a passing glance. However, even drunk, Sōta could easily outpace Riko, and within 30 metres he had caught her. Riko, feeling freedom rushing through her and urine rushing through her sodden skirt and panties, felt 2 hairy arms grasp her around the waist and halt her. At that moment she felt pure, primal terror.

Though she did not notice, she lost control of her bowels, and loudly defecated in her panties. Sōta whipped her round and stared into her petrified eyes. She hung helpless in his arms, crying inside, but unable to even produce tears from her eyes. She wanted to die, and never see the world again. Sōta's eyes were struck with sadism, and in his trousers his penis was struggling against the effects of alcohol. His voice was soft, but that only made it more menacing.

“We're going home, bitch. When we do, you're going to wish you were dead. And by tomorrow, you will be.”

Riko was trembling all over. She felt like she was about to vomit. The flow of urine from her skirt stemmed to a trickle. Why did she have to be geeky little Takahashi Riko? Why couldn't she be a tough girl, and resist him? It was her fault. It was all her fault. Those were her last thoughts as she slipped from consciousness.

*010*2013-01-13 16:46

This chapter contains extensive male content, for the straight women and gay men who would otherwise be very bored by now.

EDIT: The italics have returned. Apologies for the inconvenience.

Chapter 4

Contains male desperation, wetting and humiliation, brief violence and sexist opinions not held by either of the authors. Also contains yuri and yaoi subtext.

Fortunately for Riko, Kei and Ai had witnessed the entire spectacle. Ai's attention was alerted when she saw a girl running down the street urinating like someone had turned on a tap (faucet) in her underwear. She stopped.

“Kei, that girl's wetting herself.”

Kei looked at her, and remembered Haruko.

“I see. Poor girl.”

“We'd better go and see if she needs some help.”

They saw Sōta running behind her, then grabbing her. Ai's face turned to horror.

“Fuck,” said Ai. “This looks serious. Kei, film this.”

Ai was a very unorthodox police officer. She had little regard for the failed and primitive Japanese legal system, and conducted her own investigations from start to finish. Senior officers had initially been sceptical, but she yielded such successful results that she was allowed to do as she wished. Her colleagues for her shift at her kōban (police substation), Kenshin and Toshirō, did most of the everyday work, such as the biannual surveys and traffic direction. Kei was her assistant, who accompanied her on patrol. Ai, unlike most Japanese police officers, favoured hard evidence over statements, and whenever she interviewed a suspicious person Kei filmed the interview for irrefutable proof. Kei took out his Nexus 7 (PRODUCT PLACEMENT FTW!) and began to record as he and Ai crossed the road and approached Sōta.

Ai sidled up beside Sōta and stepped in front of him. She possessed a gift for deduction, and her brain immediately went to work. This man was used to fighting, unless he had a propensity for diving into thorn bushes. His breath smelt of alcohol and cigars. His muscles were tensed, and his eyes bore a look of rage. She had to be especially tactful to avoid having to send him to hospital. She put on her cutest smile and hung her hands by her side.

“Excuse me, sir. Please may I ask what's happened to that unfortunate girl?”

She looked at Riko, limply slumped in Sōta's arms. Her legs were tracked with urine, her skirt was drenched, and a foul smell emerging from it suggested that urine was not all she had passed. Her bare legs and face were marked with bruises. She, unlike most Japanese police offcers, did not like to assume, but she could already imagine roughly what had happened, and was not feeling much sympathy for Sōta. This girl was so beautiful! Maybe she was actually rescuing a damsel in distress, like she had dreamed of doing since puberty. Sōta was also awed by the beauty of the woman in front of him, though he was puzzled to see her in a man's cap. Normally he was polite and courteous when dealing with the police, but his judgement was severely compromised by his intoxication with alcohol and rage.

“She's my girlfriend. She had a seizure.”

He stepped to Ai's side and tried to pass her, holding Riko in his arms. Ai stepped in front of him again and blocked his path. Still bearing a cute and playful expression, Ai slowly wiggled her finger.

“No, sir. You can't walk away until I've finished with you. Have you called an ambulance?”

“No,” he grunted.

“Well, don't you think you should? If she's had a seizure, she needs to go to hospital.”

“She doesn't need to go to hospital! She's fine! Just leave us alone!”

He tried to pass her again. Ai once again stood in front of him.

“I'm just showing concern for your girlfriend. What are you going to do with her, then?”

“I'm taking her home.” His patience was in short supply.

“Has she ever had a seizure before? Does she have a history of epilepsy?”

“You don't have the right to ask about my girlfriend's medical conditions!”

“Actually, I do. Now, please tell me. Has she ever had a seizure before?”

Sōta was furious. What right did this girl have to interfere in his relationship? What right did a girl have to be a police officer, anyway? Had the police force run out of men? He'd join if it kept women out.

“Yes, she has, and I know how to deal with it. Now do me a favour and pee off.”

Ai's expression changed to that of a teacher scolding a misbehaving student.

“I don't like to hear language like that, sir.”

If the sober Sōta could have seen the way he behaved after this statement, he would have been horrified, though only for his own sake.

“That's because you're a girl. Your dainty little ears get offended by swearing. Now, get back to the kitchen in your kōban where you belong, let the men do the real policing and leave me to take care of my own girlfriend.”

Ai was incensed, but tried not to show it. She was used to sexism, and it didn't offend her much anymore.

“I'm sorry, sir, but I'm not going to pee off. I'm going to stay with you until your girlfriend regains consciousness, so I know she's alright.”

Sōta tried to pass her again, and Ai stepped in front of him again.

“Why are you so eager to get away from me? If my girlfriend had a seizure, I'd want someone else to care.”

Sōta stopped. Disgust drew on his face.

“Your girlfriend?”

“I'm gay, not that it matters. That's why I wear my rainbow badge. Anyway-”

“So our police force is not only taking girls, but gay girls? Fuck. At least that explains why you're wearing men's clothes.”

“Could you show me a little more respect, please? I'm only asking to be treated as an equal.”

“No.”

“Why not?”

“Because you're a stupid dyke who's kidded herself into thinking she can be a police officer. Now, fuck off back to the kitchen, or I'll have to slap you and put you in your place.”

Even as sexist abuse goes, this was serious. Ai felt deeply sorry for the girl who had to have this arsehole for a boyfriend. She winked to Kei, signifying for him to prepare to take violent action from behind. And no, yaoi fans, that's not what we mean.

“I'm sorry, sir, but if you continue to be abusive I'll have to arrest you for verbally abusing a police officer. Now please calm down. I don't mean you or your girlfriend any harm. Just let me stay with you until she regains consciousness. Maybe we should go inside, and let her lie somewhere warm.”

Any temper Sōta had was now gone.

“I told you to fuck off, bitch. If you don't get away from me in 10 seconds, I will smack your cute little face so hard you'll cry like a schoolgirl. Then you'll know your fucking place and stop fucking around with people's relationships!”

Ai remained calm, but she brought her hands up to her chest. Sōta was confident. This cute little girl couldn't possibly do him any damage. He'd show her which was the superior gender, then outrun her partner. If he had been sober he would not have thought that he could outrun a man in top physical condition while drunk and carrying a girl, but he would not have got into this situation if he was sober.

“I'd seriously rethink that threat if I were you,” said Ai, displaying knowledge of the subjunctive, which is different in Japanese, not that many people would be interested. Sōta ignored her warning. He didn't bother reaching for his knife – she was wearing a stab vest, and he didn't need one to deal with girls. He threw Riko on the ground like a doll, dropped into a drunken jiyu-dachi (fighting stance) and shot a powerful reverse punch at Ai's solar plexus. If it had hit her, it would have broken her sternum and several of her ribs. However, Ai's Shàolín-like reactions allowed her to dodge the blow. She grabbed and locked his arm, kicked the back of his left knee with a roundhouse kick which Chuck Norris would have been proud of, then threw him to the ground and held him in an agonising armbar, driving her knee into his back.

“Now,” she asked calmly, “do you wish to surrender?”

“No,” he grunted. “Fuck you!” He struggled to escape. Ai forcefully pushed his arm. He screamed in pain and thrashed on the ground. Tears of pain and humiliation welled in his eyes. He'd been beaten by a girl. In 5 seconds. And it was on film. His “face” was gone.

“Yes! Yes! I surrender! Just let me go!”

Ai released the pressure, but kept him armlocked. She knew better than to release him until he was handcuffed.

“Kei, handcuff him.”

Kei walked over to him and put his right arm into the handcuffs. His body was free of resistance. Ai gently guided his left arm into the cuffs, and Kei locked them shut.

“I don't think I really need to say it, but you're under arrest. Kei, keep him restrained while I tend to the girl.”

A tear trickled down Sōta's bristly face.

“Oh, you're crying?” said Ai. “I guess you've learned to know your place.”

Sōta began to sob. His arm and knee were still throbbing with intense pain. His 5 glasses of sake had travelled quickly through him, and now his adrenaline was ebbing away he began to notice that he was desperate to urinate. All his life he'd used force, or the threat of force, to get what he wanted. If a client said “no” to repaying his debt, he made him pay. If Riko said “no” to sex, he raped her. Now he'd been beaten at his own speciality by a girl. A cute little girl with a rainbow badge who didn't even like to hear him swearing. Now he was going to prison. Yūto and Kotarō would divide his business. His life was in ruins. He might as well cry like a little girl. Nothing mattered now.

Ai walked over to Riko, lying sprawled on the pavement like a discarded doll. Her legs were splayed open, giving Ai a view of her filthy panties, stained brown at the back. Streaks of brown were splattered over her thighs. Her legs were still tracked with evaporating urine, and her socks and trainers were soaked. Ai felt deep sympathy for her, but also a little uncomfortable arousal. She crouched down beside her and put her into the recovery position. She checked her airways, breathing and circulation. All were healthy. An ambulance was probably unnecessary. She just had to wait.

“Kei, call a squad car. We need to take this arsehole to the cells.”

Kei called for a squad car on his radio. A large crowd of observers had surrounded the scene, including Yūto and Kotarō, who stared in shock at their friend being beaten and humiliated by a girl. Sōta did not see them, but he knew that they had seen him. Ai looked at Riko's bruised but beautiful face. She reached out with one hand and gently stroked her long, soft hair.

“Ai,” said Kei. “Don't be unprofessional just because you're dealing with a pretty girl.”

“I'm not going to be unprofessional.”

She continued to stroke her hair. How could such a beautiful girl have such a disgusting boyfriend? If he even was her boyfriend. She'd be a good girlfriend to her...she smiled to herself. Of course she wasn't gay, and even if she was, it would be very unprofessional to become involved with her. She looked back at Sōta. He was still lying crying on the pavement, and his legs were rubbing slightly.

Ai looked back to see Riko's eyes fluttering open. Riko looked up at Ai's beautiful, concerned face and recoiled. Ai spoke softly, and once again adopted her cute expression, with wide eyes.

“It's OK, madam. My name's Ishikawa Ai. Call me Ai. What's yours?”

Riko struggled to pronounce her name.

“Takahashi Riko.”

“Riko? That's a beautiful name.”

“Where's Sōta?”

“Who's Sōta?”

“My boyfriend.”

“If by “boyfriend” you mean the arsehole who attacked you, he's lying handcuffed over there. I beat him up.”

Riko rolled away. Anyone who could beat up Sōta was frightening.

“You don't need to be frightened! I'm a police officer. I haven't just stolen the uniform.”

Ai's sense of humour was lost on Riko, but she rolled back towards her. Riko noticed that she'd defecated in her panties, and put her hand on the back of her skirt. She felt the faeces squelching in her panties, and wrinkled her face in disgust.

“Did Sōta attack you, Riko?

“Yes.”

“You're safe from him now, unless he crawls across and bites you.”

“Ai,” said Kei, “don't try to be funny.”

“I'm just lightening the mood!”

“Consoling traumatised victims isn't really your strength.”

“True.”

“Maybe we could switch positions?”

“No.”

“You don't want me to interrupt your intimate moment, do you?”

“Now who's trying to be funny? Let me get back to consoling Riko.”

Ai turned back to Riko.

“Do you want anything to eat or drink, Riko?”

“No, but I do want some clean clothes.”

“I'm sure you do.” Ai turned to the crowd. “Does anyone have any spare clothes? Jeans, panties, anything? Riko's soiled herself.”

No one answered.

“Well, you're helpful. If I ever soil myself, I hope I'm in better company than you.”

She turned back to Riko.

“I'm afraid no one has any clean clothes. We could go to a bathroom and strip and wash you, but you wouldn't have anything to change into.”

Ai and Riko looked at each other.

Sōta's bladder was causing him severe distress. The alcohol he had consumed had had a diuretic effect, and he was now in urgent need of relief. He felt a growing, throbbing urge in his penis. He squirmed on the floor. He couldn't even hold himself with his cuffed hands. He'd already been humiliated. He wasn't going to humiliate himself. He squeezed his sphincter and tried to stay as still as he could. Kei, still recording, looked down at him.

“Ai, I think Sōta needs to pee. Badly.”

Ai looked at him and smiled.

“That's made my day. Now he's going to the station in wet trousers.”

“Ai, as much as I'd like to see that as well, we can't make him wet himself. It is on film.”

“I suppose you're right. What are we going to do? Escort him to a bathroom and open his flies for him? Because I'm not doing that to someone who tried to break my ribs.”

“You can't, anyway. You're the wrong gender.”

“That's one case where I don't care about gender discrimination.”

“Well, I suppose I'll have to take him. Do you need to use the bathroom, Sōta?”

Sōta had to go. He was going to wet himself if he was left there much longer. Alcohol is a potent diuretic.

“Yes.”

“Ai, where's the nearest bathroom?”

“Take him to the izakaya. No, wait – there's the squad car.”

The squad car pulled over by the side of the road. Sōta felt utter dread. If they put him in the car, he might wet himself. He clenched his legs together as the urge grew in his flaccid penis. He strained at his handcuffs in a drunken effort to break free, just so he could grab his crotch and lessen the pain. He was more desperate than he'd ever remembered being.

“Sorry, Sōta,” said Ai, “the car can't wait. You'll have to wet yourself like your girlfriend.”

“Ai,” said Kei, “this is on film.”

“Let me go for a pee!” cried Sōta, his voice cracking in despair. They probably wouldn't listen. They're probably make him pee himself in front of his friends. This was the ultimate shame.

The door of the squad car opened.

“Take him for a pee, Kei,” said the driver, Sugiyama Iwao. “These seats are tough to clean.”

Kei hauled Sōta off the ground and put his arm around him. The shock of movement made Sōta's bladder spasm and he grunted in pain. Riko felt a little glee.

“Come on, Sōta.”

Kei walked, almost pushing Sōta as he shuffled along beside him. His face was wrought with the pain of retaining his urine, but he knew that relief was near. Ai turned back to Riko. As she did, a woman in her 40s moved through the crowd carrying a pair of jeans, panties, socks and trainers. Ai stood up.

“I've got things for the girl,” she said. Ai walked over to her and embraced her, leaving her slightly surprised.

“Thank you,” said Ai, bearing the cutest smile imaginable. “If I ever wet myself, I know who to be near. How much do I need to repay you?”

“Nothing. I'm always ready to help a woman in need.”

Ai embraced her again.

“Thank you. You're awesome.”

(Kimiko thinks that embracing people is an acceptable way to show gratitude. This has led to some interesting incidents.)

She took the clothes and turned back to Riko.

“Riko, we've got clean clothes for you. Come with me, and we'll get you clean.”

Riko stood up, her legs shaking, and followed Ai along the street. They passed Kei and Sōta. Sōta glared at Riko, making her flinch, before bending over in desperation and trying to break his handcuffs. The urge in his penis was almost unbearable. He felt as if he was about to wet his trousers every second.

“If we're lucky, Riko, we can watch Sōta wet himself. You'd like that, wouldn't you?”

Riko smiled. “Yes.”

They reached the door of the izakaya. The men inside looked up and saw the return of the girl they had last seen sprinting out of the door urinating over them, accompanied by a regular customer.

“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen,” said Ai. “We're just coming to clean Riko up. She had a little accident.”

“We know,” said one man. “She pissed in my beer.”

“She didn't mean to. Anyway, we're coming through.”

Ai and Riko stepped over the men on the tatami. One of them glanced up Riko's skirt, and recoiled at the state of her panties.

“Shall we go into the ladies' bathroom,” asked Ai, “or shall we wait and see if Sōta wets himself?”

“Let's wait,” said Riko. If Sōta was going to wet himself, she wanted to see it. Kei and Sōta entered the izakaya. For Sōta each step was agony, but he knew he didn't have far to go. He couldn't pee himself in front of everyone in the bar. He counted each step towards the door. He saw Ai and Riko waiting there. Why did that dyke have to have such a cute-looking face? Appearances were deceptive.

“Kei,” said Ai, “I-” She stepped forward. As she did, she absolutely accidentally with no intention whatsoever swept Sōta's legs away and sent him crashing to the ground. She showed absolutely genuine and not at all feigned horror as he hit the floor and cried out. He felt warmth exploding into his trousers. He tried to stop it, but his efforts were vain. A dark stain flourished on his jeans, and urine poured onto the floor. Riko was right. It wasn't a choice. Even if his life had depended on it, he could not have stopped his sphincter from releasing.

He howled in pain and humiliation. Ai's expression of horror cracked into laughter. Riko started giggling, too. Even Kei smiled a little. Laughter is infectious, and as the customers on the tatami saw what had happened they burst into ripples of laughter as well. Sōta would have pierced his eardrums to silence the laughter. Among the laughing crowd were Yūto and Kotarō. He began to sob again. At the first chance he had, he'd kill himself. That was the only way he could redeem any of his shattered dignity.

“When you've finished laughing, Riko, you can come and clean yourself up with me,” said Ai.

Riko didn't finish laughing for a long time. When she did, Sōta was lying in a massive pool of pee, crying like a newborn baby. She opened the door to the women's bathroom and entered with Ai. They entered a vacant cubicle. Ai locked the door.

“Well, get changing. I'll take your dirty clothes.”

“Why are you in the cubicle with me?” asked Riko, slightly disturbed.

“Because I'm a pervert. I'll leave you to change yourself.” She quickly left the cubicle and looked at herself in the mirror. She was a very attractive girl. If she met herself, she'd want to marry herself. She leaned against the wash basins and perused the cracks on the ceiling. She felt disgusted. Despite all her training, there was still a part of her which wanted to passionately kiss Riko and feel the slender curves of her body. A yuri fantasy was still playing in her head where Riko quietly admitted that she liked girls, and they embraced each other as lovers. She probably wouldn't feel like this if she actually had a girlfriend. But she was going to get a girlfriend! Tomorrow she could call Tomoyuki. Kei said she was almost as beautiful as Haruko. She felt a slight pulse in her genitals as she thought of actually meeting her.

Meanwhile, Riko removed her sodden shoes and socks. She emptied her trainers into the toilet, then threw them in a pile along with her socks. She removed her skirt and looked at it. The front was soaked with urine, and the back marked with faeces. She threw it in the pile, then looked down at her panties. They bulged at the back with stools. She grabbed them and dropped them to her ankles. Inside they held a large brown mass. She tipped it into the toilet, then threw them in the pile. She took toilet paper and scrubbed the bodily waste off her legs and crotch, then pulled on her clean panties. It was refreshing to be in clean underwear again. She pulled on the new jeans. They were a little big round the waist, but she was lucky to have them. She donned the new socks and shoes, which were ill-fitting but sufficient, and left the cubicle.

Ai looked back at the pile of dirty clothes. They were filthy.

“Those are destined for the trash cans outside,” said Ai. “That's what my police gloves are for.” She picked up the pile and left the women's bathroom. Outside, Sōta was gone, and the bartender was mopping up his puddle.

“Goodbye, ladies and gentlemen. Sadly we can't eat here tonight. We'll have to go back to Kenshin's cooking...”

Ai and Riko left the izakaya. Ai dumped the dirty clothes in the trash can.

“Ai,” asked Riko, “are you gay?”

Ai turned round. “Yes. Hence my rainbow badge. Now let's get back to the car.”

They saw Kei and Sōta waiting by the squad car, and hurried over to them. Riko felt enormous gratitude towards Ai for rescuing her, but there was also...something else. She felt slightly attracted to her.

“You're scrubbing out the squad car, Kei,” said Iwao.

“Really you should blame Ai. She tripped him.”

“No. Ai's too important to do that.”

“No, I'm not,” said Ai.

“No, I'll do it for you. You don't deserve to after you did so well arresting him. Although I did think you used slightly excessive force after you subdued him.”

“I'll kick myself in the head when I get home.”

“She's serious,” said Kei. Riko looked at her.

“It's my version of a self-criticism. I'm crazy like that.”

Kei bundled the devastated Sōta into the car, then got in beside him.

“Kei,” said Ai, “I don't think we should have Riko and Sōta in the same car. I'm going to walk her back to the kōban to get her a hot meal and a shower, then take her home. She can come in to give evidence in the morning. Leave Sōta in the cells, then come back to the kōban. Tell them not to question him, and that I'll be interrogating him in the morning. I don't want them interfering in my case. Apply for a search warrant to his residence. If he has a computer, we'll have more hard evidence to use against him, and we may even find his connections.”

“Ai's word is final. Iwao, drive us to the station.”

Kei closed the door. The squad car pulled away.

Inside the car, Sōta withdrew into himself, and didn't speak a word for the entire journey. He felt his wet boxers and trousers clinging to his legs, and was starting to itch. He knew that death was the only end to this humiliation. He'd kill himself as soon as he could. Life wasn't worth living anymore. The car pulled up outside the station. Kei roughly threw him out of the door and dragged him into the police station. He closed his eyes, pretending not to notice the people chuckling at the sight of his tear-tracked face and soaked trousers. The pulling stopped. He stopped staggering and opened his eyes. He was in front of the superintendent, a dour-looking old man with large glasses. He was not dour at all, and his appearance was deceptive.

Kei bowed to him, and pushed Sōta into a bow as well.

“What is your name?” asked the superintendent.

“Shimuzu Sōta.”

The superintendent smiled.

“Mr. Shimuzu! We've heard about you before. Although I was expecting a slightly more frightening man than you. But then, most men look dishevelled after Ai's finished with them.”

“I'm leaving him in the cells until tomorrow. Please don't question him. Ai would like to do it herself.”

“Of course she would. She'll do a better job than most of us.”

“She would also like a search warrant for his residence, if you can get one.”

“I can. I'll just check the database...”

The superintendent found Sōta's residence, a penthouse apartment.

“We'll have a warrant by the morning. Now, take him to the cells and search him, if you haven't already.”

“Yes, sir.”

Kei walked Sōta down to the cell block and took him into a room designated for strip searches. He uncuffed his hands.

“Take your clothes off.”

“No,” said Sōta.

“It's an order. We need to strip-search you. Take your clothes off.”

“No,” he said more feebly.

Kei slammed him into the wall, winding him, and tugged off his boots and socks. Urine sloshed out, but so did a large knife. Kei looked shocked.

“You, sir, are in serious trouble,” he said, mocking him with formal address. “This is all on CCTV.”

He picked up the knife with his gloves, so as not to leave his fingerprints, and placed it on the table. He unlocked his handcuffs and removed his shirt. Sōta did not want to resist anymore. Kei saw the tatoo on his back.

“Interesting. Obviously I can't make quick judgements, but...”

He pulled off Sōta's trousers and underpants, leaving him naked. He looked through his pockets to find an old smartphone, his wallet, a wet box of Turkish cigars and a lighter. He then handcuffed him to a pipe and put his clothes and possessions in separate plastic bags, labelling each “Shimuzu Sōta,” then adding the date.

“Since you were carrying a knife, I'm going to have to give you a cavity search. Be still and it won't hurt very much.”

He removed his police gloves and put on a pair of latex gloves. Sōta felt sick. This was even worse than he had imagined. He strained at the handcuffs in an attempt to escape that even he knew was futile. Kei opened his jaws and looked down his throat. There was nothing. He pushed a table up to where Sōta was standing.

“Bend over.”

“No...”

“Sir, this is an order. I need to check your rectum for drugs or other contraband.”

“You don't,” he pleaded. “There's nothing up there.”

“I need to check. Be still, and I'll be quick.”

“No...”

Kei pushed the table into Sōta's abdomen, bending him forward, and pushed him over. He knew he shouldn't be so brutal, and that this cavity search was completely unnecessary, but he hated violence against women, and this man was almost certainly guilty.

“Don't struggle! I'm not trying to hurt you.”

He put his gloved hand up Sōta's anus and briefly felt inside before removing it again.

“I'm very sorry, sir, but I had to check.”

Sōta felt violated. No man had a right to put his hand up there. He'd never been for a prostate examination. Kei removed and disposed of his latex gloves, then donned his police gloves again.

“I'm not going to leave you naked overnight. You need some dry clothes. I'll get some.”

He opened the cupboard and brought out a bright pink uniform with a Hello Kitty face on the front. It was “kawaii”, as we'd say over here, but in a man's size. He threw the uniform to Sōta, then uncuffed him again.

“Put it on.”

“No.”

“I can't leave you naked in the cell. Put it on.”

Even in his drunken state Sōta knew what would come of trying to resist, so he obeyed.

“It's very warm. You won't be cold. Now, have a night's sleep before the interview in the morning. You'll need to have a very fresh mind to get out of this one.”

Kei led Sōta to his cell and locked him in. He walked back to the search room and collected the plastic bags to take them to the forensics department. He considered calling Haruko to tell her he'd be late coming home, but decided against it, since she'd be in bed by now anyway. He had to call Ai and update her about the situation.

Sōta's cell was unusually comfortable, with a proper bed, a chemical toilet and washing facilities. However, there were no razors, so he could not slash his throat. If there had been, he would have done so as soon as Kei had left. He ought to sleep, even just to get away from the torments of the day. He was so utterly emasculated he didn't even care that he was wearing a Hello Kitty uniform. He just wanted to sleep and never wake again. He sobbed as he slipped from consciousness.
