The Gift - Page 2

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*028*2016-01-08 04:50

Ugh I'm sorry I haven't updated in a while...With the holidays, and now school starting up, I've been busy, busy, busy. But hopefully I will finish the next chapter by next week. :)

*034*2016-01-12 18:52

Bit of a short chapter, but I've finally got it out. :)

###

CHAPTER EIGHT

Three weeks later, Daulton and Aiden had a nice arrangement going. Daulton would come over to Aiden's every morning before school, and Aiden would let him transfer his urine and then pee for him before they left for school. Daulton really liked the arrangement. It was a bit of a walk for him, but only having to hold his bladder for 24 hours at a time was a huge relief. Daulton no longer had to pass his urine off little bits at a time to random people, and he didn't have to deal with a throbbing, aching bladder all the time. The first weekend after they met up at the park, Daulton and Aiden had hung out on Sunday. So Daulton hadn't needed to hold it for too long. But the weekend after that, their plan ran into a bit of a snag.

Daulton had woken up late on Friday morning, feeling absolutely awful. His head was pounding, his throat hurt, and he felt cold and hot at the same time. Daulton groaned and checked his phone. It was 8am, meaning he was late for meeting at Aiden's, and late for school. He saw he had a message from Aiden, asking where he was, but he ignored it for the moment. He crawled out of bed and made his way to the bathroom, looking through the medicine cabinet. He pulled out the thermometer and checked his temperature, leaning against the wall. He had a fever of 102, so he grabbed a bottle of water and went back to bed.

Daulton woke up after a few hours, feeling worse. He sat up in bed and sipped from the water bottle he had grabbed earlier, feeling a twinge in his bladder. Daulton sighed. He would just need to hold it until he saw Aiden again. And speaking of which... Daulton picked up his cell phone and scrolled through his messages, reading the ones from Aiden.

Hey, where are you? The first one read. Then, Had to head to school. Em was waiting and didn't wanna be late.

Sorry. Woke up sick this morning. Daulton responded. He drank down more of the water bottle, then lay back down. His phone beeped a few minutes later; a text from Aiden.

Damn that sucks. I would stop by after school but Webber called a last-minute practice before the game.

When would we be able to get together? I need to pee already. Daulton tapped out. It wasn't urgent quite yet, but his bladder was definitely throbbing a bit more than usual, having become used to being emptied every 24 hours or so.

I'm not sure...With practice, then the game, and our band competition tomorrow I don't think I'm free until Sunday.

Oh... Daulton felt a twinge of anxiety.

I'm sorry... :( Anyone else you could go through?

Daulton lay back, thinking about it. If his brother was around he could go through him...or his mom or dad, possibly.

Yeah. He responded.

Alright, good. Aiden replied. Daulton nodded to himself, then remembered he was alone. He yawned and opened up his radio app on his phone, turning on a talk radio station so he had something to listen to.

The rest of the day passed in a sleepy haze. Daulton tried to keep hydrated, so he drank quite a bit of water and a few cups of tea to help his throat. All the liquids made him feel a bit better physically, but his bladder was steadily filling and Daulton began to feel more anxious. His mom had come to check on him when she woke up, but she was gone now, off running errands. And he had no clue where his brother was, but had a feeling he was off with his girlfriend. Daulton sighed. I can wait. I have to, after all.

*039*2016-01-13 04:27

Thanks so much everyone for your feedback! I was really struggling with ideas, but was suddenly struck with inspiration tonight in class and have started the next chapter (yay). I've had a lot of ideas floating around for this and I'm still trying to decide exactly where I want this to ultimately go.

*041*2016-01-13 04:38

{{:

Are there going to be any female wettings?

}}

At some point, yes. I'm not really into female desperation or wetting, but I will put some in this.

*043*2016-01-13 16:43

Haha guess who stayed up half the night writing two chapters?? Meeee cuz who needs sleep. No female desperation or wetting in this chapter, but have some in the next.

Also, shamelessly using my own family drama and issues with my siblings in this chapter. No regrets.

###

CHAPTER NINE

Friday passed without incident. Daulton slept most of the day, getting up occasionally to eat or get something to drink. On Saturday morning his fever broke. He still felt pretty crappy with a sore throat and mild headache, but better now that the body aches and chills were over. He spent most of Saturday lounging on the couch, watching T.V. and getting some homework done. He pretty much stayed there until evening, barely looking up when he heard his brother Jared walk into the house loudly.

“Ey, where's mom?” Jared asked.

“At the neighbor's house.” Daulton said, looking up from the grilled cheese sandwich he'd been nibbling on. “Why?” Jared shrugged.

“Just wondering.” Jared shuffled off down the hall, toward his room.

Daulton groaned and shifted on the couch, his bladder throbbing. With all the liquids he'd been drinking, his bladder had filled steadily, and at this point Daulton was beginning to feel quite desperate. He was so full and uncomfortable, and on top of being sick it just made him feel irritable. So when he heard Jared talking on the phone, sounding suspiciously like he was talking to his dealer (Jared smoked a ton of weed, and did an awful job of hiding it from his family), Daulton felt a bit annoyed.

Jared had really been annoying him anyway lately. He was 20, had no job, didn't go to school, and spent his days smoking weed and playing his guitar, convinced that someday he'd be famous. How he had the money for all the weed, Daulton didn't know. He didn't want to get involved in the mess. In fact, he really wouldn't care if it hadn't been for the fact that their family was struggling so much.

Their dad had taken off about six months earlier, which had been the reason they'd moved and the reason Daulton had changed schools. The house they were currently living in was smaller than their old one, and more affordable, but even with their mom working overtime every week they were struggling. Daulton had been applying for part-time jobs since they'd moved, to be able to help out his mom, so he really didn't appreciate Jared leeching off of them when he had the time and capability of working.

So when Daulton heard Jared stop talking, and saw him walk toward their mom's room in the reflection of the back window, his irritation crept up another notch.

“What are you doing in mom's room?” Daulton asked.

“I'm not in mom's room.” Jared replied. Daulton sighed and got up, looking for Jared.

“I saw you, you idiot.” Daulton said, approaching the master bedroom. He walked in, then stopped dead in the doorway. “What...are you doing?” Jared was standing by the dresser, holding several crumpled twenty dollar bills and looking guilty.

“Nothing.” Jared stuffed the money into his pockets hastily and replaced the jar their mom saved money in. She tried to save it for family vacations or fun things, but lately money from it had been going toward car repairs and other unexpected expenses. And now the jar was nearly empty.

“You're stealing money??” Daulton exclaimed. He was appalled. This was over the line. Neither of them were even allowed in their mom's room, and taking money from her was just completely out of line.

“I like to think of it as borrowing.” Jared shrugged.

“Yeah? You're gonna pay her back?” Daulton snarled, surprising even himself.

“Chill out dude. She doesn't even notice.”

“Bullshit, Jared. She's not stupid.”

“Whatever. I have somewhere I gotta be.” Jared pushed past Daulton in the doorway, and Daulton finally snapped. He felt like shit, he was desperate to pee, and now his good-for-nothing brother was a thief as well as lazy. Daulton felt a rush of adrenaline, and as Jared passed he punched him in the side. It was a well-placed punch, right over Jared's hip bone. Jared cried out in pain and surprise, and Daulton panicked, feeling his bladder empty suddenly. Shit, shit, shit!! In his rage, he had just transferred all two and a half liters of his urine to Jared.

Jared yelled in pain and confusion, doubling over. There was an unmistakable hissing noise, and in seconds Jared was fully wetting himself, wetting a torrent through his baggy gym shorts.

“What the...?!” Jared wheeled around and looked at Daulton. “What the FUCK?! You finally learned how to fight?!” Daulton stepped back fearfully as his brother was bearing down on him, fists raised. He was still peeing, but seemed too angry to care. Daulton gulped, trying to speak. “Fight me then, bitch!” Jared yelled, punching Daulton's stomach. Daulton grunted and raised his arms, trying to protect his face. Jared shoved him to the floor and got on top of him, punching at his face and chest.

Daulton and Jared had never quite gotten along. Jared had picked on and bullied Daulton relentlessly for years, mocking him for not liking cars, calling him gay, all kinds of petty insults that struck Daulton deep. He'd been bullied for years for being a “sissy”. Even once Daulton grew taller than his older brother, the insults and punches didn't stop.

“Stop!” Daulton shouted.

“You want me to stop?” Jared punched Daulton's cheek with a well executed right hook, bruising him. “MAKE ME.” Daulton struggled, trying to get Jared off of him. Jared punched him a few times in the side until Daulton went still, then got up. “That's what I fucking thought, faggot.” Jared kicked him, stomped away, slammed the bathroom door closed, and stayed in there for a few minutes.

Daulton lay in the hall, his whole body screaming in pain. Bruises were forming from Jared's punches, and he was covered in urine. His mind was reeling. He prayed to every deity in existence that Jared wouldn't figure out exactly what had just happened. I have to get it under control...that's another uncontrolled transfer...

He flinched when Jared threw open the bathroom door, wearing clean shorts. Jared walked past him, glaring, and left the house, slamming the front door shut behind him. Aching and feeling miserable, Daulton got up and walked into the bathroom, getting some towels to clean up all the urine.

*048*2016-01-13 23:42

Okay, so, in response to Foxlover telling me to tag this.

It's tagged. I tagged it "Male", "Female", "Desperation" and "Wetting". Male is the first tag.

There was SOME female omorashi in the first few chapters.

Now, there is female wetting in the next chapter, but I feel like I just forced it in. I'm currently in the process of editing. Female omorashi is not my thing, and I feel there is an enormous abundance of it on this site. And that's fine, I'm just not into it.

So please, can us who predominately like male omorashi just stick to what we like...?

