It's No Trouble To Hold

Author: holditin

*000*2015-12-23 13:04

Hey all, here's a new story!

It's on Kindle here - http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B019OVO90M?*Version*=1&*entries*=0

And the rest of my Kindle stuff - http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Ddigital-text&field-keywords=holditin

I met Pauline in college and we had fallen for each other quickly. One thing I had come to notice about my girlfriend was that she had no trouble putting off her bathroom visits, even when it had been hours since she’d gone last. Pauline insisted to me that she didn’t have a fetish for holding, but added “With my capacity, needing to find a bathroom is never an issue.” It was during a road trip to the beach just after college that I saw her capacity truly tested for the first time.

I’d picked her up in my car at her apartment at 9 am. “Ready?” I asked her as she threw a suitcase into the back seat. “Yup, yup,” Pauline replied with a smile, “Got up, took my morning piss at 7, ate some cereal, glass of OJ, cup of coffee, finished packing, I’m ready to go!” One thing about Pauline was that she was certainly not shy about talking about pee, even though she had no fetish for it. “Then let’s hit the road!” I said enthusiastically, and off we went.

Almost immediately Pauline popped out a bottle of water from her shoulder bag and began to drink from it. “Thirsty, are we?” I asked with a smile, and Pauline smiled back and nodded. After an hour the bottle was all gone, and I would suspect that a normal person would have been considering pulling over for a bathroom break, as Pauline was now laden with her morning orange juice, her diuretic coffee, and a full bottle of water. Of course I considered this was basically nothing for Pauline, but just then she piped up, “Hey, can we make a pit stop?” I was rather surprised, but agreed.

When we pulled in I saw the reason for the stop – this rest area contained a Starbucks. There were few things Pauline loved more than sucking down a Starbucks coffee or ten, and she promptly stood in line at the Starbucks while I used the restrooms, just to be safe. We met up back at my car with Pauline carrying not one, but two coffees of their largest size. “Thanks babe, but you know I don’t like coffee,” I said with a blush, but my girlfriend replied, “Oh I know dear! I got greedy is all. One for now, one for the road!” She set one cup down in the car’s cup holder and began working on the second coffee before she was even fully seated.

By 11 am Pauline had finished the first large coffee, and soon after I detected the first hint of a bladder bulge forming in her midriff. She’d chosen a pair of tight jeans shorts that rode low on her hips and a midriff-baring short white cami for our journey, a fact that I had most certainly noticed. She began nursing the second Starbucks coffee, but more slowly, as it seemed her stomach had filled up with liquid. At noon we stopped for lunch, and Pauline had only drunk a quarter of her Starbucks coffee.

She didn’t get out of the car when I did, so I gave her a quizzical look, to which she replied, “Oh, honey, just give me a minute. My coffee will be cold by the time we get back to the car! Here, let me just finish it off now.” Before I could respond Pauline had taken her coffee in one hand and tipped it into her waiting mouth, and thirty seconds after that she tipped back the cup, totally empty. She was breathing a little heavily from the chug and wiped a stray drop of Starbucks coffee from her lips as we went into the rest area.

For lunch we had soup and sandwiches, and with it Pauline ordered a large soda. I was very impressed that she chose such a giant beverage after just recently chugging down her coffee, and apparently her stomach was still a bit bloated with liquids, because it took her nearly an hour to down the drink, even though we’d finished our meals long before. As she finished the last sip, I checked my watch.

“We really should get going if we’re going to stay ahead of the traffic.” I said, just as Pauline asked, “Hey, do you think there’s a washroom in this place? I’ve had a lot to drink.” We both paused awkwardly, both from interrupting each other and from each having separate, conflicting ideas about our next course of action. With slight exasperation, I asked, “Baby, do you really need to go? We should have been back on the road half an hour ago.” To this Pauline laughed and flashed her perfect smile, brushing back her golden hair as she responded, “Oh, no, it’s no problem. I was just gonna go since it was convenient. I can wait easily.”

“Ok, good!” I said jovially, rising with Pauline to leave, and to my surprise she actually took my hand and led me out of the rest area and back to the car. You didn’t have to beg this girl to skip a bathroom break - that was for sure.

We drove off and managed to make good time for another two hours, but by 3 pm I could no longer ignore the nagging of my bladder. “I need to make a pit stop,” I told Pauline, grasping my crotch for effect. “Sounds good. I could do with a bathroom break as well.” Pauline told me, though by looking at her she seemed as calm and composed as ever. Still, she’d been holding for 8 hours and had drunk an ungodly amount of liquid, and I saw her bladder bulging distinctly over her tight jeans shorts, so I knew she had some serious pressure built up. We entered the rest stop and immediately found the toilets.

I hurried into the gents while Pauline calmly walked into the ladies. After my one minute piss, long by my standards, I exited and was surprised to see Pauline standing outside waiting for me, sipping from a bottle of fruit juice. “That was quick!” I mentioned as we got back into the car. “Oh, I didn’t get to go. There was only one toilet and it was out of order, so I just got my fruit juice instead.” Pauline hadn’t been to the bathroom for just over 8 hours now, so I asked, “Are you going to be ok waiting until the next rest stop?” She brushed away my concern instantly, “Oh, it’s not a problem. You really don’t have to look out for the next rest stop. I’ll just hold it.”

I knew she’d told me not to keep my eyes peeled for the next rest area, and truth be told Pauline was still showing absolutely no signs of actually needing a loo, but nevertheless I craned my neck looking for signs for the next turn off from the highway for her sake. 15 minutes later it came and I pulled back off the highway. I was sure that Pauline would be appreciative, but instead she regarded me quizzically, “Why are we pulling over, baby? We just stopped!”

“But…I thought…don’t you need to use the bathroom?” I stammered, unsure of myself. “I told you, I’m fine. Really it’s no problem for me to wait. Let’s just get back on the road and get to our motel,” she said definitively. I paused to make sure she was serious, but when she didn’t continue, I shrugged, pulled out of the rest area, and went back to the highway. I tried to speed along a little faster than I would normally drive, all the while Pauline was sipping at her fruit juice without a care in the world. Sometimes her legs were lightly, casually crossed, other times she was sitting with them apart. Never did she seem even the least bit distressed, even though it had been hours since she’d used a bathroom and she’d drunk a very large amount, even by her standards. As much as I enjoyed her filling up without letting go, I didn’t want her to be uncomfortable against her will or anything.

By 6 pm we’d finally reached our motel, 11 hours since Pauline had felt any relief. I was confident she would sprint from the car to the room to use the toilet, but she followed me calmly to the front desk to check in, then entered the room after me and laid down on the bed, stretching her legs. I gave her a few minutes to change her mind, then rushed to use the bathroom myself when she didn’t.

When I exited the bathroom, Pauline was half-nude, because she was changing into a tight, sleek black dress! “I thought maybe we could go somewhere nice for dinner,” she said as she pulled on the dress. I noticed that it was taking her a little longer than usual to slip it on, which was because it was having to slip over a very protruding bladder bulge. Pauline didn’t seem to realize this, however, as I contemplated the idea that she still wasn’t desperate to pee. We were ready to leave at 6:30, and Pauline still made no move to the bathroom. “Do you want to take a pee before we leave?” I asked. “Good thinking!” Pauline said enthusiastically, but then as she turned to walk to the bathroom, she paused, “But we’re already ready to go. No sense in holding us up any longer. I’ll just keep my pee inside for now.”

“Are you sure?” I asked again, dumbfounded. “Yeah, yeah, it’s fine. I don’t have to go that badly. C’mon, let’s go get some food!” Pauline was resolute, so off we went.

We found a nice little restaurant with an oceanside view and thankfully the service was quick. We had our food by 7. Pauline wasted no time working on her large Coke, despite a 12 hours full bladder that she was keeping contained. I looked under the table midway through our meal and saw that she hadn’t even crossed her legs yet. My girl had emptied her glass by 7:15 and requested a refill from our server, and I figured that would be the liquid that broke the camel bladder’s back. She couldn’t possibly get fuller, could she? We were done with our meals by quarter to 8, and Pauline’s refilled Coke had also been drained dry. We got up and I caught Pauline rubbing her abdomen, which was now bulging up to her belly button.

“Oh man, that restroom is calling my name,” she said with a snicker, pointing to a sign for the ladies’ room of the restaurant, but my girlfriend made no move to follow to where it led. “Do you want me to wait here while you go?” I asked, but she replied, in typical Pauline fashion, “Oh no, I don’t want to try and find it in this busy place. I’ll just have to cork it up! It’s really no trouble. I’m good at that sort of thing.” ‘Good isn’t the half of it,’ I thought, but I just smiled and nodded, and we went on our way.

We walked along as the sky darkened, seeing if anything interested us, but alas, most of the shops were beginning to wind down and close for the evening. Just as we were prepared to turn back Pauline spotted a movie theater. “How bout we catch a flick?” she suggested, and I agreed. By 8 we were in our seats, both clutching small popcorns and medium fountain drinks, and by 8:15 the movie had finally started. As Pauline sucked away on her beverage, I noticed with something like awe that she still wasn’t showing any signs of desperation. Her bladder was just bloating up under her dress, but she was paying it no mind at all, engrossed in the movie.

However, I couldn’t say the same for my own bladder, which started nagging me as soon as I drained the last from my soda, so midway through the movie I motioned to Pauline that I was going to take a leak. She rolled her eyes at me playfully and whispered that I should go before I had an accident in that case. I went, of course Pauline did not do the same, and I returned to my girlfriend as calm as ever, just finishing the last of her fountain drink. The movie finished up by 10 and we left the theater. I pointed out the location of the restrooms to Pauline, but she waved her hand and said, “Oh, no sense going here. I can wait until we’re back at the motel.” I didn’t doubt it.

We returned to our room by 10:30, but as soon as we entered I could tell something was amiss. Pauline walked calmly to the bathroom to finally relieve herself, then I heard a “What the hell?” come from her. I followed her in and saw that our toilet, pristine and functional only some hours before, was now overflowing with water. It didn’t appear particularly dirty, but it certainly wasn’t usable.

While Pauline stood there in annoyance, I decided to try getting our room switched. But when I went to the front desk, the attendant told me there was nothing he could do. “Yeah, I know your toilet isn’t working. There isn’t one in any room that is. We had a main water line burst. It’s getting fixed in the morning, but it’s out of my hands for now. I can comp your room for the night if you’d like, but even if it was just yours, we’re booked solid for the night. I’d have nowhere to move you to.” I sighed and agreed to his offer of the free room, then went back to the room to tell Pauline the bad news.

“We can go somewhere else and find a different room with the money,” I offered, but she regarded me like I was crazy. “No, no, let’s save the money. A free room and all I have to do is not pee? I’m in every time. That’s never a problem.” I thanked my lucky stars that I’d gone at the theater so that I could hold on, but I knew that Pauline had not been afforded that luxury. In fact, as the clock struck 11, she had been without a toilet for 16 hours, despite trying to go on many occasions. With this knowledge, I asked, “Are you sure? I know you haven’t gone all day, not since this morning before we left.”

“I’ve got strong muscles down there. And I have a large bladder, so I might as well put it to good use, right? Waiting’s never been a problem for me.” Pauline was resolute, and still showing no signs of needing to take a pee besides her inflated bladder region, so I shrugged for what seemed like the hundredth time today, and together we settled down on the bed to go to sleep.

We awoke together the next morning. Pauline got up and I saw just how large her bladder had become. It looked as if another liter had been added to its capacity over the night, such was its distension. Pauline walked sleepily to the bathroom, but exited a few seconds later.

“I forgot it was still broken,” she said with a yawn. “You must need it badly by now. We can get a move on quickly and find somewhere for you to go!” I said, throwing off the sheets. “Oh, honey, I appreciate it. But you don’t have to do that. It’s not that pressing.” Pauline told me, which I could scarcely believe. I checked my watch – 8 am – which meant that poor Pauline had been holding in her pee in her rockhard bladder for 25 hours now! And still she was not begging for a toilet like any other girl, but insisting that she could wait longer still. I was in awe, but still made a point to get dressed with haste. Not that it mattered, of course, as Pauline lazily dressed in her rather daring bikini before throwing a top and some yoga shorts over it.

We left the motel by 9 and headed down to the beach. As we spread out our towel on the sand, Pauline glimpsed the water and said, “My, that ocean’s looking miiighty tempting right about now,” rubbing her bulging abdomen as she spoke. For a moment it didn’t register to me, but then I understood. But Pauline couldn’t really be considering wetting in the ocean after waiting so long just to use a toilet, could she?? I reasoned with myself that a girl holding a 26 hour bladder would consider most anything to rid herself of such a vast, heavy amount of urine, but then Pauline caught my gaze and continued, “Gosh, I’m only kidding! Get a sense of humor. I only pee in toilets, you know.”

“If you ever pee, that is,” I couldn’t help but add with a grin. “Oh, don’t you worry about that. I’m building up quite the gusher in here,” Pauline bragged, rubbing her distended bladder. With that, she stripped down to her skimpy green bikini and raced me to the ocean, moving pretty well for someone with a near watermelon-sized bladder.

The two of us frolicked in the water until noon, and Pauline showed no added signs of the water making her want to pee. Her bladder was like a vault on lockdown. When we exited the water, it was time to get some food. Neither of us had eaten breakfast, so we were fairly starved. Clad in only our swimsuits, we entered the nearest restaurant and ordered our meals. Pauline ordered a large drink to go on top of her 29 hour bladder. I couldn’t help but comment, “Are you sure it’s smart to get that considering your…predicament?” Pauline raised her eyebrows briefly, then understood what I was getting at, “Oh, honey, it’s no predicament. Besides, I’ll just go after we finish eating.” Her calmness was mesmerizing to me, as my girlfriend continued showing no signs of desperation while sucking down her large drink, on top of everything else she’d already consumed as well.

It was just before 1 when we finally finished our meal, and as she’d promised, Pauline left the table to find a bathroom. “Let’s hope they’ve got one!” she giggled. However, while we were engrossed in our meal, unbeknownst to us, swimmers from all parts of the beach had come in and filled up the restaurant. Pauline returned only a minute later, making her way through the crowded aisleway. “The line for the women’s room stretches nearly to the door. Looks like this girl’s gonna have to hold it.” she told me. “We can look for another restroom for you dear. I’m sure it won’t be too much trouble to find one.” I responded as I got up from my seat. “Are you kidding?? And waste time we could be spending on the beach?? No thanks. I’ll just put my waiting prowess to good use.” Pauline told me resolutely, and with that, we returned to the sandy shores.

The two of us played in the waves for another few hours, and Pauline’s skimpy bikini bottoms rode up her ass so far that it was like she was wearing a tiny thong. Not that I minded, of course, and I made sure not to say anything to the seemingly oblivious Pauline. And that wasn’t the only thing she was oblivious of. With well over 30 hours since her bladder had been emptied, Pauline was still behaving normally with me, even moving normally, despite the large lump resting in her abdomen. At 4 pm, 33 hours into her hold, we returned to our towels to rest and relax a little, and maybe even catch a few rays. Pauline laid down flat on her back on her towel and I heard her groan softly.

“What’s wrong, baby?” I asked with concern. “Oh, no reason to panic. I guess my bladder is so full that it stretches my skin pretty taut in this position.” My eyes widened as I saw just how full her bladder appeared when she was lying on her back. It was a gargantuan mound protruding up from her lower abs, and the roundness peaked nearly at her belly button and continued a full inch above her belly button. “Baby, we can find you a bathroom if it’s making you that uncomfortable.” I said. “Don’t worry, dear,” Pauline told me, “It’s just the nerves on my skin that were bugging me. My pee is contained without problem.”

“How much longer can you keep it so?” I wondered out loud. “As long as I have to. I can wait until it is convenient to go.” She replied without fail.

We laid in the sun for a full hour before deciding to head back to the boardwalk. Pauline pulled her yoga shorts back on over her bikini and found that they were unforgivingly tight around her bulbous bladder bulge. “Oh man! There’s some extra pressure I didn’t need!” she told me with a grin, while I marveled at the fact that she said this while still not even fidgeting. We walked around and looked in some shops, then Pauline started complaining of a thirst, so I filled that need for her by buying her an extra large lemonade from a nearby stand.

“An extra large, how sweet! That bulge down there may disagree with me, but it’ll just have to stretch some more.” Pauline said when I handed the drink to her. “You’re not maxed out yet??” I asked incredulously. “Haha I’m getting there, that’s for sure. This lemonade will be speeding the process up a good deal! The next toilet I see better watch out!” Pauline replied. “Why’s that?” I asked, playing dumb. Pauline didn’t skip a beat, “Because the highly pressurized jet of piss I send into it, after this lemonade adds itself to the load I’m holding, may just crack the bowl in two!”

“Is it really getting bad? You don’t show it at all.” I stated. “Well I’m certainly not holding a few drops! But I’m used to it, so it doesn’t bother me. Those daily Kegels come in handy at times like this.” Pauline told me.

By 7 pm I was getting hungry, so I suggested finding a restaurant for dinner and Pauline agreed. Her lemonade was finished, and the bulge in her abdomen was now astonishing in its size. We picked out a sitdown burger joint and settled into our booth seating. Before she sat, Pauline grimaced, then pulled her yoga shorts down her legs and off completely. She sat clad in only her bikini as we ordered our food. I asked her why she removed the shorts, and she replied, “They were cutting into my bladder something fierce! That lemonade really bulged me out! A bathroom trip would feel sooo good right about now.”

“Do you want to find a bathroom now?” I asked. “No, no, after we eat. I don’t want my food to get cold if they bring it while I’m wetting away. I’ve filled up so much that it’s gonna take a while to empty out!” Fifteen minutes later we had our jumbo burgers in front of us, and without thinking Pauline got a refill on her large iced tea during the meal.

We finished our food by 8 pm, and after wiping her mouth Pauline told me, “Oh gosh, I really have to hit the restroom now! I shouldn’t have had that refill of tea!” I nodded, as after a mere 37 hours without a bathroom break it came as no surprise to me that Pauline needed to pee. She got out of her seat and left to find the bathroom while I sighed whistfully at how long she’d managed to contain herself for. Five minutes later Pauline was back, a frown on her face and her ever-present bladder bulge staring me right in the face at eye-level. “What’s wrong, dear?” I asked. “Some girl couldn’t handle her jalepeno burger apparently. She puked all over the women’s room, so it’s closed for cleaning.” Pauline told me, still frowning in annoyance. “What do you want to do?” I asked, thinking back to how many times I’d offered to find her a bathroom only to be refused. “Let’s just go walk outside some. I need a distraction.” Pauline said.

Off we went, walking and talking and seeing the sights…well, as much as a couple could on the boardwalk after dark. I became so enthralled in our conversations that I completely forgot about Pauline’s need to urinate. Part of the reason for this was that Pauline was still not showing even the slightest sign that she was desperate for release. She walked normally, talked normally, and laughed normally, the only difference being that her lower belly was protruding ominously in front of her. Before we knew it, it was 10 pm and we had done a lap and returned to our motel room. When we reached our door, it hit me – we’d never gone back to the restaurant so that Pauline could have her pee.

“I’m sorry, baby! We never did get you back to that bathroom in the restaurant, did we?” I apologized. Pauline brushed it off, “It’s alright, you distracted me quite nicely. But I’m afraid I really do have to pee once we get inside!” We entered and Pauline hurried to the bathroom at the far end of the motel room, then came out with a look of despair. “They haven’t fixed it yet!” she cried in dismay. “That’s terrible!” I answered. “Do you think we can go to another motel for the night, honey? I’m sorry, but I have to take a piss very urgently.” Pauline stood up straight and still as she said the words, amazingly enough after 39 hours of holding. “Of course, baby. Let me go inform the front desk. I’ll be right back!” I said as I walked out of our room.

Ten minutes later I returned. The front desk associate had offered to comp our room for another night, and while I was sure Pauline would rather find a place to let go her pent up piss, I figured I’d inform her of the option. Her eyes went wide when I told her and she hemmed and hawed, but eventually she said, “I’ll do my best to get to sleep like this. If I can manage it, we’ll stay. A free room is a free room, after all.” I couldn’t believe my ears when I heard her decision, but it was her decision to make. We cozied up into bed together, with Pauline’s look of discomfort on her face the only sign (other than her bulging abdomen) that she had to pee. I didn’t think she’d fall asleep with such a load, but within fifteen minutes we were both snoring away.

I woke up the next morning alone in the bed. Grabbing my watch as I wiped the bleariness from my eyes, I saw it was 7 am. I briefly wondered where Pauline had gone, speculating that perhaps she’d left early to find a working toilet somewhere, when out of the bathroom came my naked girlfriend. She waved at me, noticing that I was awake, then went about the task of putting on her bikini for the day, a little pink job even skimpier than yesterday’s. The back was more than a string, but barely. It cameltoed nicely on her front, and showed both cleavage and underboob on top.

Pauline’s lower belly was even more massive than it had been the previous night, and I noted that it had now been a full 48 hours since she’d gotten to let any pee out at all. I couldn’t believe she was coping, and then I stared at her and noticed something. Pauline was getting dressed into her bikini with her back to me, but she was moving…differently, somehow. Not with her normal grace. Almost hurried. And she was taking longer than she should have to step into the bottoms because her legs were making unnecessary movements every so often. After so long with no signs, it took me a minute, but I realized that my girlfriend with the bladder of steel was finally fidgeting and pee dancing! 48 hours of holding, combined with an absurd amount of drinks, had grossly overfilled her bladder to the point that even my iron-bladdered girl was having trouble controlling it.

“Are you alright, baby? You look like you need a washroom in the worst way.” I observed, hurrying out of bed to start getting dressed. “I need to piss like a racehorse!” Pauline replied, “I knew sleeping on a bladder that stuffed with piss was a bad idea. Look at me, I’m bloated as anything, and now I need to fidget around like a schoolgirl to keep things under control! It’s pitiful, really. I should be able to behave normally like I always do, but I’ve been controlling so well for so long that my muscles down there are weakening.”

“What do you want to do?” I asked, “Most of the shops aren’t open yet, and our toilet is still busted.”

“Let’s just go down to the beach. I can’t think straight with the toilet right in here, taunting me.” Pauline suggested. I threw on some swim trunks and a t-shirt and we were off, Pauline clad only in her pink micro bikini.

Being away from the toilet seemed to work in the short-term for Pauline, as for an hour she returned to her normal, jovial self while we sat on the sand. But her bladder was too full of urine to be ignored for long, and her legs began to fidget as one hour turned to two. Soon she was shaking and wiggling her bum on the ground to keep control over her ponderously full bladder. Once the clock hit 9, an unbelievable 50 hours into her mammoth hold, Pauline looked at me with desperation in her eyes and asked, “Do you think anywhere will be open now? It’s becoming so hard to control!”

“I’m not sure,” I answered truthfully, “But we can try if you’d like.”

“Let’s wait another hour, then,” Pauline said, to my surprise, “If we get up and walk all that way and get denied, I don’t know if I can keep it all in!” I couldn’t believe the words coming from my strong-bladdered girlfriend, but it was clear that she was nearing her limit. Still, we did as she wanted and waited an extra hour, to 10 am. By now Pauline was wiggling all over the place and gripping her crotch with one hand, cupping the thin fabric of her bikini bottoms to her vagina.

“Shall we go?” I asked with concern. “Yes,” Pauline nodded, “Let’s go before I explode!” We got up, Pauline fidgeting madly and continuing to hold herself, looking quite the sight in her skimpy attire. I made myself concentrate on the task at hand, finding her a bathroom, and we set off at a moderate pace, as that was as fast as Pauline could hobble while carrying such a weight of pee. We searched for an hour, but somehow every shop we encountered had either no bathrooms, or an occupied bathroom, and Pauline’s desperation was such that she wasn’t thinking straight.

Rather than waiting for a stall to become available, she would have us go to the next location in hopes of an empty one. It was as if she couldn’t bear the thought of having to stand in one place for more than ten seconds, and as I looked at the gargantuan bulge she was sporting in her lower abdomen, I couldn’t say I blamed her. “What should we do??” Pauline asked me desperately. I said the first thing that popped into my head, “Let’s go back to the sand. It helped you regain some control once. Maybe it’ll work again.” Biting her lip, Pauline nodded and we walked slowly back onto the beach.

Pauline rocked back and forth. She was sweating a great deal from the exertion it was taking to hold her flood at bay. My idea had perhaps prolonged her hold time a bit, but it had not had the same effect that it had had in the morning. Pauline was simply too full with piss. She was bursting, and it had to come out. “Baby! Baby! My control is slipping! What should I do?!?” my piss-filled girlfriend cried, clutching with both hands between her thighs. I had no idea. The nearest bathroom was much too far away, and Pauline didn’t look like she could even get up again without losing her load.

“Just try to keep holding on,” I said, “Do everything you can to keep it in. You only pee in toilets, remember? You told me that yesterday.” It was a last ditch bid on my part, but perhaps being a bit strict and reminding her of how strong she was would help her stay in command of her shaking bladder. “Oh my God! Oh my God!.....” Pauline yelled as she fought for control, “…………You’re right. I pee when I want, and if there’s no toilet I’ll just hold it…….even if it….Oh God!....even if it takes all day…..”

With newfound strength Pauline kept her personal ocean inside herself. Her dam was on the verge of cracking, but through sheer willpower Pauline prevented even the slightest leak from escaping her iron, hurting bladder. Before I knew it, it was 2 pm and Pauline was still holding all her pee inside her stretched urine tank. Despite this, we were both hungry, considering neither of us had eaten at all in the day, so I ran to the boardwalk and returned with some hot dogs, French fries, and sodas. I looked on in amazement as Pauline, 55 hours of pee contained within her, still chugged down her entire soda.

“You’re trying to make me pop by getting me that soda, aren’t you?” Pauline managed to say playfully. I thought that would be the final straw for her bladder, but then Pauline found resolve I didn’t know was possible and said, “Come on, I’m tired of sitting all day. Let’s go into the ocean!” I got up and walked towards the water and with halting steps she followed me. One hand was permanently on her belly, but Pauline fought through wave after wave of urgency and bladder cramp after bladder cramp, determined to enjoy herself despite her painful need to pee. Her smile was incredibly forced, concentration etched into her features, and she wasn’t able to move all that much due to the size and capacity of her overstuffed bladder, but her control was still monumental enough to impress me to no end.

After an hour, Pauline was struck by a wave of bladder pain so acute that it made her double over in agony. With tears in her eyes, she held on, breath whistling through her clenched teeth. I asked if she wanted to return to our towel and she looked up and nodded, incapable of talking without losing her load. When we reached it she was moaning from the enormous pangs of pee urgency she was having to fight off.

“My….sphincter….so….tired….can’t….hold….it….” Pauline groaned once she was seated.

“You can!” I tried to encourage her once more, “You can! There’s no toilet in sight. Your only option is to hold it in even longer. As long as it takes!” Again Pauline nodded, but she was at the end of her rope. 15 minutes later she told me, “I can feel…..my sphincter…..trying to let go…..to let it….all out. I’m clenching….as hard as I can…..and then clenching….even harder. But it’s too much!” She was twisted up like a pretzel trying to stay in command of her aching sphincter, both hands jammed furiously in her crotch. I knew she’d never make it to a bathroom dryly.

“Give it everything you have! Don’t let the urge to pee overwhelm you! You only go in toilets! Fight it! Fight!” I encouraged her, not believing my advice would work but spouting it all the same. It was her only option, and we both knew it. Gritting her teeth, Pauline threw her head back in a yell and clamped down even tighter with her sphincter. Her peehole was quivering from the strain, her muscle control being tested to its max, but still Pauline stayed dry. “I won’t pee! I won’t pee!” she said with fury, more to herself than to me. Her pee dancing increased dramatically as the enormous bulge of piss pressed on her overworked sphincter. That one exhausted ring of muscle, trained for years, was all that was holding back an absolute flood of pent up piss. Finally, it gave out.

At 4 pm, with a hurting, bulging, mammoth 57 hour bladder, Pauline could finally hold out no longer. Her pee dancing had been increasing in fervor for the last hour, but it still came as a surprise to me when my iron-bladdered girl gave a shriek and lost a spurt between her clenched thighs. “Oh my God! Only toilets! Only toilets!” Pauline cried in vain, but it was no use. Another spurt followed. Pauline clenched her thighs together even tighter.

Another spurt, longer this time. Pauline yelled out and pressed her thighs together so tightly I thought for sure nothing could get out, not with that and her hands and her sphincter of steel all trying to hold back the flow. But finally the pressure overwhelmed even Pauline’s ridiculous levels of control, and her pee poured out of her like a waterfall. Her bikini was instantly soaked, the towel was instantly soaked, and most of the surrounding sand was soaked. Pauline kept holding herself, trying to regain control, but her pee continued to get the better of her overtaxed bladder. It flooded out for another 30 seconds, then stopped abruptly.

I was confused. Pauline’s lower belly was still bulging mightily, and it was clear she was still totally bursting. But I looked at her and realized that she was now continuing to hold! My iron-willed girlfriend had refused to let herself completely burst and empty, even after so long without relief! With pain, sweat, and a hint of pride on her face, Pauline stood up straighter and said, “Let’s please go back to the motel room.” I nodded and quickly grabbed up our sodden things, all wet with 57 hour old piss. During our short walk back, I noticed that Pauline was still desperate to relieve herself. One hand was in her crotch at all times, but there was a look of determination on her face that told me she wanted to finish this bursting piss on a toilet. She pee danced hard while I opened the door to our room, but still she did not give in.

Once in the room Pauline sprinted to the bathroom. She gave another shriek, but this time I could tell it was a shriek of delight. The toilet was finally fixed while we were away! I heard a quick rustling as Pauline removed her damp thong bottoms, then a plop as she sat herself down on the toilet seat, and then nothing but the sound of piss hitting the porcelain bowl with an intensity more than I thought was possible. The flood was finally coming out, unable to be held a moment longer, but Pauline made sure to get as much of her flood as she could into a toilet, and that was as commendable as anything. Her crazy stream went on and on for minutes on end, barely drowning out her high-pitched sighs of relief. Just when I began to suspect that perhaps she’d actually started to run the tap for a bath, the stream went to a trickle, then stopped completely. Pauline, my girlfriend who never had to pee, was finally empty once again.

She came out of the bathroom and started to apologize profusely, “Baby, I’m so sorry. Normally that’s not a problem for me, but it had been so long! I just needed it so bad! I couldn’t even think straight I needed it so bad!”

“It’s ok, baby. You held it as long as you could.” I told her, giving her a hug. Pauline sighed a little and slumped her shoulders, “I know. That’s the problem. I held as long as I could and it still wasn’t long enough. I’ll just have to keep working at it. I don’t want to ever not be in control of myself like that when I really need to be.” She thought about it, then looked up, “Alright, I guess I’ll start my training now. Might as well, right? No peeing til tomorrow for me! And lots of Kegels!”

I was in shock, “But baby, you just held so much, liters I’m sure! Your bladder is all stretched out, your sphincter is tired, and your kidneys are going to refill your bladder within an hour or two. Are you sure you can handle that??” Pauline smiled at me and replied curtly, “Oh, I’m sure.” For the rest of our week at the beach, Pauline never peed more than once a day. She didn’t have another hold of such crazy magnitude, but I was sure that day would come, sooner or later, and Pauline, ever prideful, would do her best to behave normally through it all, even with a bladder full past bursting and a sphincter quivering right on the edge of release.

