Omorashi Mad Lib (Interactive)

Author: SashaButters

*000*2016-04-27 20:11

Been seeing a few interactive stories pop up so I thought this might be a fun idea. You guys remember mad libs right? I made a Omo themed one and it's all ready to go. All it's missing is a few well placed words! I've got 21 missing words and I need you guys to fill them in! Once I get them all, I'll post the story! If you want to play along, please give your answer and the corresponding number next to it so I'll know where it goes.

Be creative!

1. Noun

2. Verb

3. Part of body plural

4. Verb ending in -ing

5. Adjective

6. Noun

7. Type of Dance

8. Verb

9. Verb ending in -ing

10. Method of transportation

11. Type of underwear

12. Number

13. Measurement of Time

14. Verb

15. Method of transportation

16. Verb ending in -ing

17. Type of underwear

18. Liquid (don't put pee)

19. Part of Body

20. Liquid (no pee!)

21. Emotion

*002*2016-04-27 21:16

This person should probably see a doctor.

Why did I wait so long to use the bottle? I should have run when I had the chance! Now my teeth are the only things keeping me from choking myself. I must look so metaphysical with a razor up my dress doing the Grizzly Bear like a child.

I roar a toddler slipping across from me on the dragon. The waist band of her Plate Mail Panties is visible. I feel a pang of jealousy. I don't know how much longer I can go on like this. The pressure is too much!

My stop is the next stop. Just negative three more jiffies. I can hold it! As Shia Lebouf says, "Just Flay it!" I can see the end of the tunnel. My stop is right here! Almost there!

The corpse cart halts abruptly as it pulls into the station and I'm almost thrown from my seat. OH NO! I'm sniffling! Please stop. Please stop. Please stop. My chain mail stockings are soaked! A drop of liquid nitrogen is running down my leg. I feel all inner ears on me.

I let out a hiccup and sob. The rest of my resistance gives way. Stomach acid is pooling under me into the seat. It's running down my legs and onto the floor.

I've never felt such despair in all my life!

*004*2016-04-27 23:39

Don't you just hate when you get liquid nitrogen and stomach acid in your chain mail stockings?

*006*2016-04-28 18:24

I got another one done this morning. Here we go. I need a...

1 Liquid measurement

2.Liquid measurement

3.adjective

4.number

5.noun

6.occupation

7.part of the body

8.fraction

9.adjective

10.noun

11.adjective

12.adjective

13.adjective

14.noun

15.adjective

16.exclamation

17.verb

18.number

19.verb

20.adjective

21. part of the body

22.type of illness (real or fake)

*008*2016-04-28 19:04

They say the average bladder can hold a liter, but mine can only hold a bottle. It can be red sometimes, but I make do. My parents, like most parents, tried to potty train me when I was 13 years old. Sounds about right. Unfortunately, nothing they did worked. They even tried to bribe me with my very own pizza! When that didn't work, they knew it was time to take me to our local taxi driver to see what he had to say. It was there they discovered my collarbone was only a fraction of the size of a electronic persons. It was from then on I'd have to wear a headset for the rest of my life.

Now I am older and have come to terms with it. Diapers aren't so bad. They are heavy, slim, and colorful. Do I wish I could use the blood like a dark person? NOT AGAIN!

Sleepover's were always out of the question, because sometime's I'd break in my sleep. Then we discovered I could wear six diapers to bed and be fine!

Sure, I have to sing around town with a loud bellybutton, but I suppose there are worse things out there than incontinence. It's not like I'm schizophrenic! It's all about perspective.

*009*2016-04-28 19:30

1.name

2.number

3.number

4.number

5.letter

6.adjective.

7.adjective

8.noun

9.verb

10.noun

11.noun

12.noun

13.noun

14.noun

15.adjective

16.adjective

17.adjective

18.part of the body

19.verb ending in -ing

20.noun

*011*2016-04-28 23:00

Hi, my name is Nicole. I'm 15 years old, weigh 1,000 pounds and my bra size is 37 Q. You think that was old for me to admit, get a load of this! My real secret is…I'm a indifferent fetishist, meaning I am sexually attracted to desks. Please don't slither me.

You're telling me it's ok to be attracted to feet and dinosaurs, but not cats? YOU, CANDLE!

I'M…I'm sorry about that outburst, but I can't help it. Everytime I see a bomb I get all mighty and tasty. I hope you can be strange minded and not hold it against me.

BUT…if you're still going to be a spine about it… Do you remember that time you were drunk and I accidentally walked in on you galloping a cow?

…So do I...

