A Not So Perfect Day

Author: specialflakes

*000*2013-04-09 02:15

Okay, so I actually wrote this like two months ago, but I wanted to finish my other story [shrinking Violet] first. So, after having successfully wrapped that one up, here is my second ever omorashi story! I know it’s really long, and I tried to give it an old-timey feel (if that makes any sense) but I would still very much like your feedback. It means the world to me!

So without further ado, enjoy ^_^

Eight-year-old Scarlett Reed was the epitome of a goody two-shoes. She prided herself on being the first to arrive in class almost every day, sometimes holding the legendary apple to present to the teacher. Her grades were nothing short of stellar, and being wise beyond her years, she was naturally every teacher’s favourite pupil. She kept mostly to herself, believing the only companions in life she needed were her academics. For the most part, people happily respected her barriers and did not approach her, except for one boy in particular who had never seemed to get the hint that she would rather be left alone. At home, she was also an excellent daughter, helping out around the house as often as necessary and doing what she was told without a single complaint. In short, she was perfect.

That morning however, Scarlett felt far from perfect. Something was off. Instead of the usual ringing of her alarm clock that she‘d grown accustomed to, she was seemingly being awakened by the sound of her mother’s voice, and it sounded like she was in her room.

“Scarlett, what are you doing in bed? Have you forgotten, you have to go to school!” Scarlett slowly opened her eyes and saw that her suspicions were indeed correct -- her mother was standing right beside her bed, hands on her hips and bearing a look of disapproval. “I won’t ask you again. The school bus will be here in five minutes and I’ve already made your breakfast. Get up or else you‘ll be late.” The mother left.

Scarlett sat up on her bed and rubbed her eyes; the early morning sleepiness rendered her a bit disoriented for a few seconds. However, it wasn’t long before she gathered her senses and the reality of the situation crashed down on her -- she was going to be late for school! For the first time! Scarlett raced out of bed like the Road Runner and stopped at her nightstand where her alarm clock sat, not believing this could possibly be true. Her mother had to have been playing a trick on her. Scarlett was never late for school! However, as soon as she saw the time her alarm clock read Scarlett nearly jumped out of her skin.

This is impossible, she thought. How could I have forgotten to set my alarm clock? I never forget!

Then it all came back to her. Last night, they had gone to some distant relative’s house for a party, and Scarlett had almost somersaulted out the window from boredom. There were no games, the food was mediocre, and to top it off hordes and hordes of guests were constantly prying the aberrantly frightened Scarlett from her parents, picking her up and pinching her rosy little cheeks. It was a child’s worst nightmare. The Reeds had not returned home until almost midnight, and by then Scarlett was so exhausted that her brain had completely shut down and all she could do was collapse onto her bed. Now she was paying the consequence.

How could I be so irresponsible?

Scarlett zoomed to the little white bench in front of her vanity table where she always laid out the clothes she was going to wear the next day. The bare surface on the bench revealed that she had forgotten about those too.

Splendid.

She dashed over to her immaculate closet and opened it up, revealing multiple articles of clothing stacked into neat little piles. She scrambled out of her yellow pyjamas and put on some clean underwear and socks. She growled at the whole unnecessary situation. She was usually so organized and well-planned. This manic rush to catch the school bus was throwing her off and she didn’t like it one bit. She reached into one of the piles and hastily grabbed and slipped on the first things she could find: an ivory blouse and a pink skirt.

She rushed to her vanity mirror and sighed when she realized she had no time to brush her immaculate teeth that completed her A+ smile. She was also in too much of a hurry to braid her hair like she usually did, so instead she gave it a quick brush and pinned a barrette to the side.

She studied herself carefully in the mirror. At least she didn’t look too bad. Despite her cold and somewhat conceited nature, Scarlett was a fairly adorable kid -- her silky light brown hair combined with beautiful blue eyes and pastel freckles made her look not only cute but very innocent and sweet. She of course, hated when Blake Mercado, or anyone for that matter, called her cute. It sounded so childish to her. If anything, she would have liked to be esteemed for her outstanding attendance and excellent grades. Satisfied that she at least looked presentable, she quickly left her room and headed downstairs towards the kitchen.

On top of the kitchen table, a plate of plain toast and a glass of orange juice sat waiting for her. Her mother was packing her yoga outfit to take to the community center and her father or his briefcase was nowhere to be seen. He must have already left for work, and Scarlett realized that she really was running late for school. She gulped down her breakfast as fast as she could. She felt disgusted at herself for eating like such a slob, but the number one priority that day was getting to school on time, and don’t the ends justify the means? After finishing off her bland breakfast and giving herself a quick dab on the lips with a napkin, she slipped on her shoes and grabbed her schoolbag, quickly checking to see if she had everything she needed inside it. She then took a breath mint from a small bowl in the living room and popped it in her mouth, praying it would do a good job.

As she was about to head back inside the kitchen to say goodbye to her mom, she stopped outside of the bathroom and glanced at the door for a while, hesitating about whether or not she should use it. While she had been very busy that morning gathering everything she needed at the last minute, she had not yet tended to her own bladder’s needs, and after doing a quick mental calculation she assessed that she had not used the toilet for nearly eight hours since last night. But the bus was going to be there any minute, and Scarlett couldn’t risk the fact that she might miss it if she used the bathroom. So in the end, she decided that she would just have to go to the bathroom once she got to school, which she wasn’t too crazy about but was certainly not impossible to accomplish. She kissed her mother goodbye, and hurried out the door of her house.

* * *

7:48. Scarlett frowned impatiently as she checked her watch for the sixth time. The bus was three minutes late. Scarlett hated when the bus was late, as it always made her fear that she would be late too. Even more disappointing was the fact that she realized she would have had time to go to the bathroom and still catch the bus, and she was starting to wish she had done so. But oh well, it was definitely too late now. She would just have to hold it until she got to school. Which wouldn’t be a problem. She was certainly old enough to control her own needs without too much trouble, and the school was only ten minutes away. She was confident that she could make it.

It was a beautiful, sunny day, typical of April weather. However, Scarlett was not enjoying the sunshine as she normally would have on account of the nagging discomfort in her abdomen. She twitched her feet uncomfortably and bit her lip, praying that the bus would arrive soon to take her to school.

It wasn’t very often that Scarlett was anxious, and it was even less frequently that the result of that anxiety was due to a bodily need. Scarlett hardly ever felt the need to pee to the point where it was bothering her as much as it was now. Granted, the only time was when she woke up, but then she would just go to the bathroom and not have to worry about it anymore. She had never given it a second thought, but now that she had deliberately sacrificed going to the bathroom in order to preserve her abiding punctuality, she was starting to wonder if maybe literally putting her bladder on hold hadn’t been such a good idea.

Suddenly, the school bus pulled up in front of her stop, and Scarlett was interrupted from her unusual line of thoughts. Scarlett stepped on the bright yellow vehicle and took her usual spot in the back of the bus, away from all the other kids. She even placed her schoolbag on the seat beside her to ensure that people would know she was riding solo. Almost immediately after doing so, however, Scarlett felt a slightly painful jolt from her bladder, startling her a little. For a split second, she though about grabbing her crotch area, but decided that she was much too mature for that. Besides, the last thing she wanted was to give any indicators of how desperate she was, and touching herself down there would surely give it away.

Disregarding that minor warning from her abdomen, Scarlett decided to distract herself by reading a little bit of the upcoming chapter in her science textbook, since she always liked to read ahead anyways. She pulled out the thick book from inside her schoolbag and flipped to the desired page. However, hardly a paragraph into her reading she was struck by another, slightly stronger spasm. She sighed. This could be a problem. While she was certainly not going to hold her privates like any four-year-old, she couldn’t just ignore the pesky urge altogether, so she settled for a happy medium and crossed her legs. She smiled as the urge subsided significantly. This also provided another benefit since she had seen many young women sitting in this position before, and Scarlett was always trying to act mature. Satisfied that she had put a temporary stop to her temporary problem, Scarlett refocused her attention to the science textbook and resumed with her reading.

Five minutes later the school bus arrived at Blake Mercado’s stop, and the towheaded boy whistled cheerfully as he climbed on the bus, dressed in a green and blue striped shirt and jeans. Scarlett covered her entire face with the book in her hands so she wouldn‘t be noticed, otherwise he‘d surely want to sit beside her. After a few seconds, Scarlett slowly lowered the book so only her eyes weren’t hidden and sighed in relief when she saw that he had chosen a seat a few rows ahead. He had never seemed to catch on to the fact that she sat at the exact same spot every single day. But Scarlett wasn’t surprised. He wasn’t exactly the ripest berry in the bush.

The bus ride took a little longer than it was supposed to, due to some light traffic and a flat tire incident, so by the time they arrived at school there were only five minutes before the first bell. Scarlett was about to get up, but immediately after uncrossing her legs she was suddenly reminded of her pending need for the bathroom. She realized that the urge had increased a lot as well, probably because of the orange juice she drank for breakfast. She would really need to hurry up if she was planning on visiting the little girls room and still make it to class on time.

The elementary school kids got off the bus and headed towards the tall building ahead. The school entrance was quite crowded, and Scarlett walked quickly, trying to meander past the large crowd. While she certainly was assertive, she never pushed or bumped people out of the way; usually a civil “Excuse me“ or “Pardon me, please” would do the trick.

She entered the school and walked swiftly towards the location of the washrooms. The hurried footsteps weren’t really helping her steadily filling bladder, but Scarlett didn’t care. She just wanted to relieve herself once and for all so she could try to start her day over again. She smiled as soon as she turned the corner and saw the washrooms at the end of the hallway. The sight of the washrooms caused her to feel even more desperate, but again, Scarlett didn’t care. At least now she could get rid of that embarrassing nuisance inside her abdomen.

As soon as she was halfway to the restroom, Scarlett heard a voice that immediately caused her to groan inside.

“Scarlett!” The voice was much too familiar. She heard it everyday. On the bus, in the playground, in the cafeteria. It was none other than Blake Mercado, her happy-go-lucky young swain.

Oh no, please not now, she thought, walking faster. She tried to blend into the crowd, but soon Blake was right beside her, grinning as usual.

“Hey, cutiepie.” He smoothed his hair and tried to look poise. Scarlett gritted her teeth. She was in no mood for his obnoxious flirting, especially since her bladder’s need to empty itself was starting to become a priority. But, since one of her primary goals in life was to always be polite, she met the blithe young boy’s eyes and forced a smile.

“Hello, Blake. How are you?”

He grinned wider, showing his missing front teeth. “Great! Say… you look different today. What happened to your braids?” Scarlett looked down at her hair and remembered that she had let it down today. She knew it was because she had been irresponsible and not set her alarm clock and had no time to braid her hair. But since she could never say this to Blake, she instead shrugged and told him, “I thought I’d give the braids a break today. You know, try something new.”

“I like it,” he said. Scarlett, unsure how to feel about this compliment, looked away.

The two engaged in a bubbly conversation as they walked along the hallway (well, really, only Blake did; Scarlett just nodded politely). Finally they reached Scarlett’s original destination. She stopped walking in front of the bathroom doors and cleared her throat awkwardly, knowing exactly what she had to say but having a hard time getting the words out.

“Um, if you’ll excuse me, I have to, um …” Fortunately for her, Blake spoke up.

“Oh yeah, good idea! My sister was hogging the bathroom this morning so I didn’t have a chance to go.” He must have forgotten he needed to pee, for as soon as he said this he immediately looked nervous and crossed his legs tightly. “Promise we’ll meet back here after, o-okay?”

“All right,“ Scarlett sighed. He jammed his hands into his crotch and desperately ran inside the boys room. Scarlett rolled her eyes; sometimes she couldn’t believe they were the same age. But then remembering that she still had her own need to take care of, she quickly entered her corresponding bathroom, eager to quell the feisty urge once and for all. However, her hopes fell when she saw that all three stalls were in use. N-no problem, she thought. I can wait. It’s not like I’m bursting or anything. She leaned against the wall and fiddled with the hem of her blouse while she waited, trying to take her mind off her now full bladder.

After a few seconds, the stalls were still occupied, and Scarlett was starting to worry. However, Scarlett soon heard a toilet flush and was immediately relieved when the middle stall opened and a girl walked out. But as soon as she was about to go in the school bell rang. Scarlett growled softly. She had two choices now -- either hold it and definitely be on time for class, or pee and maybe or maybe not arrive before Mr. Andrews took attendance. It was déjà vu of standing in front of her bathroom door at her house that morning. While she was seriously considering the second option, Scarlett never liked to take chances, so she reluctantly left the bathroom and wondered if she’d made the right choice.

She sighed when she noticed that Blake was still in the bathroom and didn’t even wish to try and figure out what he might be doing in there. She folded her arms over her chest. It then occurred to her that she didn’t have to wait for him, especially since the bell had rung already. But Scarlett always had to be polite; she had promised to meet him outside the bathroom, and Scarlett never broke a promise. And even if she did ditch Blake, that would just give him another reason to find her later. If there was one thing she had learned over the course of elementary school, it was that no matter how hard you tried, you could not escape Blake Stephen Mercado.

Hurry up, hurry up, she thought, tapping her fingers against her arms. She looked at her watch and bit her lip. The urge to pee had grown from just a nuisance and was now causing some great discomfort. Scarlett casually rubbed one leg against the other, trying to relieve some of the pressure but not wanting to be obvious. Finally, Blake emerged the bathroom looking happy once again, as well as quite relieved.

“That feels so much better now,” he said. Shut up, she thought. “You have no idea how badly I had to go!” he said with a bit of a chuckle. Wanna bet?

“Well, see ya!” he waved, heading the opposite way towards his classroom.

“See ya,” she muttered listlessly. She sighed and walked to her own class. She was ineffably grateful that she and Blake were not in the same class, otherwise she might just go insane.

As she approached Mr. Andrews’ third grade room, she started wondering what she was going to do about her bladder situation. It was now the first thing on her mind when she wasn’t thinking about anything else, and she was aching for relief. She realized that she could just ask to go to the bathroom, since as far as she could remember, no one in her class that had ever made the request had ever been disappointed. And she was the teacher’s pet, so she couldn’t possibly be an exception. But she had never done this before and that idea of asking made her a little uncomfortable. Truthfully, she had always been too proud to ask for a bathroom break. After all, she’d never seen a grown up do so! But there’s a first time for everything, right?

She stepped inside the classroom and was glad to see that there were only few other students already there. She walked over to her desk situated in front of the teacher’s and laid her schoolbag on the ground.

“Good morning, Mr. Andrews,” she said in a sugary voice before taking her seat. Mr. Andrews looked up from a test he had been marking and smiled once he saw his favourite student sitting like an angel.

“Good morning Miss Reed,” he said. Scarlett loved that he called her that. It made her sound older, and it was especially flattering since he only used that nomenclature on three or four other kids in her class. “Your hair looks very lovely today,” he praised.

Scarlett pretended to look bashful. “Thank you.” She took out her books from her bag. That was already the second compliment she’d received that day about her hair. Was it really such a big deal that she’d unsheltered it from her braids that day?

She had almost forgotten about her distressing need to pee, but as soon as she saw Mr. Andrews take a sip of his coffee she instantly felt a leak impending. She hurriedly crossed her legs, remembering how that mechanism had helped her on the bus. Unfortunately, it didn’t provide as much relief this time. She still felt the urge, and for the first time in her life, she just wanted the class to be over soon.

* * *

“Now, when you add fractions, make sure they always have the same denominator…“ Scarlett could barely concentrate on anything now, much less the lesson. She tried very hard to focus on the teacher’s words, but her dangerously full bladder constantly demanded her attention. It was not used to waiting this long, and Scarlett had been uncrossing and re-crossing her legs all period. It was getting to the point where she feared she might finally need to ask for the dreaded bathroom break. This was one instance where she definitely did not want to attract attention to herself.

She tried a number of times to work up the courage, but each time she would start raising her hand she just chickened out. She then went the opposite direction and tried to make excuses in her head not to do it -- she told herself that it was ridiculous to ask to go when there were only twenty minutes left before recess, she told herself that she couldn’t afford to miss that lesson, and she tried to convince herself that only little girls ask for a potty break and big girls can hold it. She even tried a bit of placebo and tried convincing herself that doing some math would alleviate the problem, but it hadn’t worked.

In the end, she realized that she was wasting so much time and mental energy thinking about all these things that she might as well just go. Taking a deep breath, she slowly raised her hand, cringing at what she was about to do.

Mr. Andrews, who had written an equation on the board, smiled as soon as he saw Scarlett’s hand in the air. He was certain she was going to provide the correct answer, as she always did.

“Yes, Miss Reed?” he said.

“Um … may I go to the bathroom, please?” Scarlett asked, sounding a lot more shy than she had wanted to. Mr. Andrews raised his eyebrows. He had definitely not expected that. A lot of other students looked surprised as well. Everyone just assumed that Scarlett loved school too much to want to miss a second of it, and for the most part they were right. But Mr. Andrews had noticed Scarlett was a lot quieter and a little on edge this whole time.

He cleared his throat. “Why, of course, Scarlett. Go ahead. Hurry back, please.”

“Thank you,” Scarlett muttered, slowly getting up from her chair. She felt heat rush to her face and tried to ignore the curious glances as she exited the classroom.

As soon as she was out the door, she sighed. That had been humiliating. She kicked herself for not using the bathroom when she’d had two chances earlier. She tried to calm herself down. At least now she’d finally get to pee. That was a good thing, right? And as soon as she returned, she’d be her usual, confident self again. Everything would be back to normal.

Scarlett walked quickly towards the school restrooms, trying to keep her breathing steady. She looked down at her skirt longingly, wanting so badly -- even though it went against everything she believed in -- to reach in there and squeeze her little box. Just a tiny squeeze. She immediately felt ashamed of herself for even thinking about doing something like that. Even though she was alone in the hallway now, she refused to let her hands go anywhere near her crotch. For one, she wasn’t that desperate, at least that’s what she told herself. And two, even if she was, it was a shameful thing to do, especially since it would damage Scarlett’s sacred pride.

She felt her mouth water and a tiny smile form on her lips as soon as the washrooms were in sight. She walked a little bit faster; the urine inside her was ready and more than eager to come out. However, as she was about to walk past the water fountain, she gasped. There, leaning over the fountain was, you guessed it, Blake. Scarlett almost burst into tears. Why? Of all people, of all times … Why him?

Scarlett started to sweat. Maybe if she was quick enough he wouldn’t notice her. She walked as quickly as she could, trying to hide her face in her hair. Maybe he would be stupid enough not to recognize her then. But her hopes were dashed when she heard that all too familiar voice say, “Scarlett?” Please, kill me now. Blake ran up to her, drying off the water on his lips with his shirt. Scarlett didn’t even bother trying to smile.

“Hey, fancy meeting you here,” he commented. “Where are you going?”

“I-”

“Are you going to get a drink of water too?”

“No, you see, I, um-”

“Hey, something’s missing.”

“I have to-”

“A button! No, that’s not it.”

“Blake-”

“Your bracelet? Wait, you don‘t wear a bracelet.”

“Just-”

“Your barrette! That’s what’s missing!” He smiled proudly. Scarlett touched her hair and realized that sure enough, he was right. Her barrette was gone. That gave her an idea. She had the perfect reason now to explain why she was going to the bathroom. Thank you Blake, oh thank you so much! I can’t believe I just thought that.

“That’s what I was going to tell you,” she acted. “I left my barrette in the girl’s bathroom when we stopped by this morning and I was just going over there to retrieve it.”

“Great, I’ll walk with you! My classroom’s that way anyways. But I’m sure you already know that, cutiepie.” Scarlett began to get testy again. Any opportunity to follow me, huh?

They walked together to the girl’s washroom. At one point, Blake boldly took Scarlett’s hand, making her grimace.

“Ahem,” she scowled.

Blake looked up, grinning like a chimpanzee. “Yes?”

“If you would kindly keep your hand to yourself.”

Blake stifled a laugh, and waved his free hand in the air. “It is.”

Scarlett could have killed anyone with her death glare right then, but she managed to keep it together. “I’m sorry, I suppose I should have been more specific. If you would kindly keep your left hand to yourself-” Scarlett stopped abruptly, her eyes widening. A stream of pee had just moistened her lilac panties. Scarlett was completely shocked. She had definitely not seen that coming. She thought she was in control, that there was nothing to worry about. Now, after her body had a taste of sweet relief, it wanted more. Scarlett felt herself shaking like a leaf; she had to pee so badly.

“Scarlett? What’s the matter? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”

“Uh…” Scarlett soon realized that Blake was staring at her, obviously surprised by her sudden alarm. She tried to think of anything reasonable to say that didn‘t involve the truth. “I, um- nothing! Just, my, um, stomach hurts.”

Now Blake’s eyes widened. “Golly! We’d better get you to the nurse!” He began to sprint the opposite way, whisking Scarlett right along with him. Her eyes widened even more in horror.

“What?! No, Blake, I’m fine! I swear!” But he wasn’t listening to it. He continued dragging her towards the nurse’s office. Scarlett tried to wriggle out of his grasp, but his grip was surprisingly strong. The fast speed at which he was forcing her to run made her sensitive bladder start to dribble even more. A tear formed in her eye as she watched the bathroom get further and further away.

* * *

“This really isn’t necessary, I told you I’m fi-”

“Shhh. Don’t talk. You’ll be okay soon.” It took every ounce of self-control Scarlett had in her body not to rip Blake’s hair out right then and there. Blake knocked on the door of the nurse’s office and soon an African-American woman whose badge read Sharon answered the door.

“Hello Blake,” she said, smiling. “What can I do for you? Is your asthma giving you troubles again?”

Blake shook his head. “No, ma’am. But my friend Scarlett here has a tummy ache.” Scarlett waved and smiled nervously.

“Oh my,” Sharon said. “Well, let’s get you to come inside, then, dear. I’ll see what I can do.” Blake made a sweeping motion with his arm towards the office.

“Ladies first,” he smiled. Why don’t you go jump in a lake. Blake.

“Sit right there, dear,” Sharon said kindly, pointing to what looked like a standard hospital bed. Scarlett reluctantly did what she was told, wincing as she touched the cold surface of the bed. Her bladder responded too, with a strong spasm that caused Scarlett to slightly twitch. Suddenly, Scarlett became terrified. The nurse was surely going to notice that there was nothing wrong with Scarlett, and she would most likely be very angry for wasting her time. And what was she going to tell Blake? What could possibly be a good explanation for fibbing about a stomach ache? Scarlett closed her eyes, hoping when she reopened them she would find that everything had just been a horrible, nasty dream.

“I think Scarlett fell asleep, ma’am,” Blake contemplated. Scarlett opened her eyes again. This was no dream. She was still in the nurse’s office, bursting to pee. She wondered briefly what would happen if she bolted out of the room. It was awfully tempting, she had to admit.

“Were you taking a nap, Scarlett?” Sharon asked with a coy smile.

“Heh …”

“I always said kids don’t get enough sleep these days. Now, let’s see what’s causing these tummy ache blues. Where does it hurt, dear?” Scarlett decided if she wasn’t going to run out of the room like a maniac, she might as well play along. She patted the area approximately where her bladder was.

“Hmmm,” Sharon said. “Does it hurt anywhere else?”

Scarlett shook her head.

“Do you feel dizzy? A little nauseous?”

“No, ma’am.”

“Have you eaten anything at all today?”

“Yes.”

“And what was that?”

Scarlett described her ordinary breakfast.

“Have you gone to the bathroom?”

Scarlett turned the colour of a poppy. Just hearing that word caused another yellow stream to dampen her no longer clean knickers. She shifted uncomfortably and crossed her legs.

“She did, ma’am, yes,” Blake answered for her. “This morning, after we got off the bus.”

“I see,” Sharon said. “How long ago did it start to hurt?”

Scarlett felt a twinge from her now angry bladder reminding her that she was overdue for the toilet. She suddenly couldn‘t think straight. “I don‘t know,” she responded simply. She immediately wanted to slap herself for giving such a stupid answer. She made a note to herself to never again pass up the opportunity to use a restroom.

Sharon raised one eyebrow a bit. “Well, then, it sounds like it may either be a cramp, which usually goes away, or it may be the cause of some psychological stress. Are there any tests coming up, or something that might be giving you butterflies?”

Scarlett thought for a second. “There is that spelling test tomorrow, but I finished studying for that last week.”

Sharon smiled. “Then it looks like you are going to be just fine, dear. Remember, if you feel like it’s getting worse, or if you do start feeling dizzy, then come right back here. And drink lots of water, that helps. Have a nice day.” Scarlett slowly stepped off the bed, using all her muscles to hold back a violent flood that would soon become present on her clothes if she didn’t do something quickly. She felt embarrassed that Blake’s thank you was louder than hers as they left the nurse’s office. Ironically, it was as soon as they stepped out into the corridor that Scarlett did feel a pain in her stomach, and she didn‘t have to be a nurse to figure out why.

However, it seemed that Blake was embarrassed too, obviously for a different reason. His cheeks were slightly pink and he was looking at his feet. “I guess you were right then, it was nothing. Sorry I panicked like that.” Scarlett looked at him; she had never seen him looking as vulnerable he did right then. She immediately softened the animosity she had experienced for him only moments earlier.

“It’s all right, you were just concerned. But, yes, once again, I am fine.” He looked at her, his usual joyful expression restored.

“I didn’t know you had asthma,” she said as they walked, once again forgetting about her enormous need for the loo.

“I’ve had it since I was four,” he said, his smile fading a bit. “Sometimes I wish I didn’t.”

“Oh,” Scarlett said, unsure how to respond. She knew she should feel sympathy for him, but sympathy was not her strong suit. Hardly any emotion was.

“But then I just tell myself that it could always be worse,” he admitted. Scarlett smiled, happy that the sympathy thing had worked itself out.

They walked along the hallway; it was getting harder and harder for Scarlett to hide her dilemma. She had begun to feel herself sweating from the sheer desperation, and every time she tried to talk, her voice came out sounding strained. Now, her first instinct was obviously to go to the bathroom, forgetting about the false explanation she had provided Blake. She was surprised when Blake stopped walking once they got to her class.

“You’d better go in, Scarlett,” he said. “They might be worried about you.” Suddenly, Scarlett’s face turned pale, and not just because of her painfully full bladder. She had forgotten all about her class. What was she going to say? The fact that this had been the only time she’d ever asked to leave the class and that she’d been gone for so long was sure to cause suspicions. She looked inside the window of her classroom door and saw that the students were quietly working. Maybe they’d be too busy to notice her walk in. Or maybe it would be so quiet that they would immediately hear Scarlett‘s footsteps enter the classroom. Either way, she was definitely not looking forward to returning inside and facing her class again.

And what about her much needed toilet? She hadn’t even gotten a chance to stop by the bathroom after all. She cursed the fact that her classroom came before Blake’s. There was no way she could ditch him now.

“Don’t worry about your barrette,” he reassured her. “When I make sure the coast is clear, I’ll run in there and get it for you. Sound good?” He grinned expectantly at her, but she couldn’t form even a trace of a smile. She felt absolutely miserable. She needed the bathroom like she needed oxygen, and she wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold on. She had already leaked twice, and there was no telling if the next loss of control would be quite that unnoticeable.

“I’ll bring it to you after school,” he told her, walking away. “If your teacher asks where you were, you can blame me, okay?” Scarlett swallowed hard. Okay . . .

She stood in front of the door for a few seconds, petrified. What if she got in trouble? What if she got detention? How was she going to live with herself knowing that her perfect track record had been permanently stained, all because of an innocent human need? She didn’t know who to blame for this disastrous misadventure -- her parents, for taking her to that awful party last night and getting home too late for Scarlett to remember about school the next morning, Blake for worrying too much and causing more trouble, or herself for not using the bathroom in the first place that morning which she should have done all along. In the end, she decided to blame her inconveniently overactive bladder.

She realized she could still go to the bathroom; just wait for Blake to leave and then go. She had already wasted so much time, what more was one or two extra minutes going to cost? As soon as she was about to depart, however, one of the students looked up and saw her standing outside. Scarlett nearly cried. There was no way she could leave now, someone had already noticed her. Sucking in air, she slowly grabbed the knob and turned it, trying to look as inconspicuous as possible. However, she may as well have been covered in neon lights, for as soon as she stepped in the classroom everybody turned their attention to her. What are you all looking at? she thought crossly.

Mr. Andrews lifted his eyes from his desk and immediately looked concerned as he saw Scarlett lumbering into the class, red-faced and avoiding any type of eye contact.

“There you are, Miss Reed,” he said as Scarlett took her seat, which felt cold from not having been sat in for a long period of time and caused her bladder to twitch in discomfort. “We were starting to worry about you. Are you all right? What happened?”

Scarlett glanced quickly around the room. Everyone was staring at her. Suddenly more nervous than she had ever been in her life, especially since her bladder felt like it was about to burst, she couldn‘t form a simple sentence. “Nothing,” she murmured. Mr. Andrews raised his eyebrows; where was his favourite, intelligent student? And who was this tense, unhappy girl that had taken her place?

Scarlett wanted to die. So much for being her confident self again. If anything, she felt twice as mortified. Especially when she realized that she had been gone for much longer than people usually go to pee. That could only mean … people would assume she hadn’t gone to the bathroom to pee. That was even more embarrassing.

“Oh,” Mr. Andrews said, then awkwardly cleared his throat. “Well, then, um, I suppose, um-” Suddenly, the recess bell rang, interrupting his gauchely sentence. However, for Scarlett, this was the best surprise she had ever received that day. It was recess time now. That meant she could go to the bathroom. And actually use it! She felt triumphant once again.

All the kids immediately rose from their desks and headed out the door. Scarlett began to follow them, but was stopped.

“Hold on, Miss Reed.” Her shoulders drooped. What now? Was she in trouble? “Sit down, please.” Scarlett did as she was told, not before glancing sadly at the open door that kept her freedom. She pressed her legs tightly, trying to combat the powerful force that was showing her no mercy.

“While you were gone, I handed out these worksheets,” he explained, laying down a piece of paper on Scarlett’s desk. “I’m afraid I can’t let you go until you finish it.” Scarlett was devastated. The words that had stuck out the most were can’t let you go. She was even more shattered when she flipped the sheet over and discovered it was double sided.

“But you’re very bright, Miss Reed, I’m sure you’ll finish it in no time.” He smiled at her and returned to his own desk. Scarlett looked down at the paper. She couldn’t believe her luck. Her fate rested in the hands of a two sided math worksheet that was too easy for her anyway. Sighing, she took out her pencil and began to answer the questions quickly and half-heartedly.

When she was almost done the second side, Mr. Andrews frowned as he counted sheets.

“Only twenty-eight? I could have sworn I made thirty copies.” He sighed. “I guess I’ll have to use the photocopier.” He got up and walked over to the door, shutting it as he left the room. Scarlett, on the last question, suddenly remembered that the classroom door locked from the outside. She gasped, and yelled for Mr. Andrews not to close it. But it was too late; he was already gone.

She ran to the door and desperately and vainly turned the door knob. She then pounded on the door itself, shouting for anyone to let her out. But nobody could hear her. Scarlett was so furious that she kicked down the recycling bin. Then, choking back a sob, she retreated back to her desk and finished the worksheet.

She slowly moved from her desk to Mr. Andrews’s empty writing table. She laid down the completed question sheet on the surface of the table, and said drearily,

“I’m done, Mr. Andrews. Can I go to recess now? … Thank you, Mr. Andrews.”

She walked back to her desk and buried her head in her hands. Today was the worst day of her life. Now she really regretted not using the bathroom at home earlier. Look at all the trouble her hasty decision had caused now. She wished she could just go back in time.

She tried to think positive. Maybe Mr. Andrews would return soon. She looked at her watch; there were still eight minutes left for recess. Maybe, just maybe she might have a chance. While she knew how much time was remaining before recess was over, she did not know her time limit for her poor, tormented bladder. The urge was eating away at her; she had never felt so desperate to pee in her entire life. She looked down at her crossed legs and once again considered sliding her hand right in between her two thighs. She was alone now, so she wouldn’t have to worry about being noticed by anyone. She slowly brought a hand into her crotch, but immediately felt self-conscious and yanked it away. It was a shame, because for that nanosecond that her hand had touched the spot the urge had actually diminished if not a tiny bit.

What am I doing? she thought. I’m not thinking straight. Maybe a snack will help. She dug into her old-fashioned, leather schoolbag and took out a cereal bar. She unwrapped it carefully and chewed on the treat as slowly as she could, looking for any means of distracting herself from the litres of urine that had yet to be released. Although she had tried to prolong her eating session, the cereal bar was really not that big. Even at her age, Scarlett was already mindful of calories, so she always chose a light snack to bring to school. She stuffed the empty wrapper into the side pocket of her schoolbag and began swinging her leg restlessly back and forth. She looked at her watch. Three more minutes. Where was he? She moaned; the acute pain in her abdomen was killing her.

She glanced over to the adjacent wall and wondered if she might be able to climb out the window. Nope, too high up. She laid her head on the desk and shut her eyes, wishing she could be somewhere else. Then, the whole hectic morning began to wind down on her, and somehow forgetting about her severe need to pee, she wandered off into a short sleep.

* * *

A loud, piercing sound awakened Scarlett from her light slumber. She immediately jumped up from shock, and rubbed her dizzy eyes until she was aware of where she was. She looked around; it was the classroom. She suddenly felt a burning spasm and remembered how badly she needed to pee. She also felt like she was sitting on something warm and sticky. She gasped, and turned a visible shade of red when she realized she must have wet her panties a little bit while she had dozed off.

Then she discovered something else awful. That ringing noise that had startled her awake was the school bell, which could only mean that recess had ended. Therefore the perfect opportunity to go pee was now gone. The number of kids striding into the classroom was further proof of this.

“I see you’re awake, Miss Reed,” a soft, masculine voice said. Scarlett looked up to see Mr. Andrews standing by her desk with his hands clasped behind his back, smiling serenely.

“Hmm?” Scarlett hummed, still distracted about the quandary that she was in now.

“When I returned from printing out the extra copies I needed, you were sound asleep. I didn’t want to wake you up, so I quietly walked back to my desk, and I was very pleased to see you had completed the worksheet,” he explained. “But I’m glad to see you are well rested now.” He gave her a gentle pat on the back and headed for the chalkboard to begin the next lesson.

Scarlett was speechless. Why didn‘t he wake her up? Now she was going to have to sit through another gruelling period. She looked at her watch. It was an hour until lunch break. At this point, she was seriously starting to doubt whether or not she could hold it for even half an hour. She glared at the other students; they had no idea the anguish that she was going through at the moment. She squirmed as discreetly as she could in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position that she could remain in for the rest of the class. When she had finally found one, she tried to focus the remainder of her attention towards the lesson.

The next forty minutes were nothing but torture for poor Scarlett. The pain was so strong that she could barely think straight, let alone talk. Everything reminded her of the toilet, and her panties were now uncomfortable soggy; she hadn’t been able to stop the leaks that were becoming more and more frequent. She jiggled her legs in her seat, trying for the umpteenth time to relax herself and stop thinking about her urgent need. But the scary reality that she was about to burst was constantly front and center in her mind.

What would happen if she did have an accident in class? All the children would surely tease her for who knows how long, not to mention the loss of respect she would gain from Mr. Andrews. Teacher’s pet no more. And that would be nothing compared to the disappointment her parents would bestow on her when their ideal daughter came home in smelly, dripping clothes. It would truly be a disastrous fall from grace. The only person she couldn’t see her hypothetical accident having a negative effect on would be Blake. But then again, he was such an easygoing, carefree spirit, what did bother him? She honestly didn’t have a clue.

She removed her fingers, whose nails she had been biting, from her teeth and came to the conclusion that if she didn’t ask to go to the bathroom soon she was going to have a nasty spill. She remembered the excuse she had used on Blake about her missing barrette, and decided to rework that same alibi. She slowly walked up to the teacher’s desk, and mumbled some nebulous sob story about how her cousin that was visiting from California had given it to her last Christmas and would be crushed if she wasn’t wearing it. Mr. Andrews hardly had time to reply before Scarlett whisked herself out of the room, praying that she wouldn’t run into Blake this time.

This was her third trip to the bathroom that day, and it was undeniably the worst one. The pain was agonizing and every few seconds she had to stop walking and cross her legs firmly, making the walk to the toilets take almost twice as long. But she hoped that, unlike her last two journeys, this one would be successful. Third time’s the charm, right?

She stumbled into the medium-sized girls’ bathroom and saw that her barrette was not on the floor. She wondered briefly if Blake really had gone in to fetch it, but she scoffed away the thought; he had to have been joking, no boy in their right mind would barge into the girl‘s washroom to look for a measly barrette. She was overjoyed to see that the three stalls were available. She went inside one of the stalls, locked the door, sat down and slid down her skirt and panties. However, as soon as she waited for the waterfall to cascade, she encountered a new problem: nothing happened. She panicked, and pushed harder, but could only release three or four drops into the water below. Tears began to form in her eyes. Hurry up, she thought. But her sensitive bladder wasn’t used to this new location, and it was especially hard for her to pee after not having done so in what seemed like forever.

She realized that she was putting too much pressure on herself. Maybe relaxing her muscles a bit would help. She closed her eyes and took deep breaths, trying to make it as natural as possible. After a few seconds, her tense body finally stopped resisting, and soon a small, but steady stream began trickling out of her. She sighed in relief as she heard the stream bouncing off the china and plinking into the water. Soon it began to expand and the light pittering grew louder. Scarlett felt wonderful; finally, she was getting her much needed relief.

However, less than five seconds into her blissful release, Scarlett heard footsteps coming into the bathroom. Her eyes flicked open, and just like that, her pee was cut off. She had to bite down on her lower lip to keep from screaming. The person that had just come in settled themselves into the next stall and confidently answered the call of nature. Scarlett was paralyzed. She couldn’t pee anymore, not with someone listening. She waited for that person to leave, but they were taking their sweet time, and soon another person entered the bathroom too. Scarlett was trapped.

Scarlett couldn’t release another drop; her body had already done her a big favour by allowing her to pee somewhere other than her own house, but there was no way it was going to let her do it in the company of others. Scarlett realized that she had, once again, taken a lengthy bathroom break and that she had no other choice but to return to class. She sniffled and re-clothed herself, then wiped her virtually dry parts and flushed the toilet. As soon as she exited the stall, the familiar desperation resurfaced and she nearly doubled over.

Her bladder had only been a little bit emptied, and there was still so much more to pee. Frustrated, and upset that she was being forced to leave the bathroom with her pee incomplete, Scarlett stomped her foot on the ground. Not the best idea when you‘ve got to pee tremendously. The slight vibration that was caused by this action shocked her bladder and released a wave that went into her panties. Scarlett immediately had to contract her entire body to cancel the flow. As soon as she started breathing again, she began heading out. While Scarlett was one of the most sanitary people in her school, she did not wash her hands before leaving the bathroom, thinking that perhaps running water wouldn’t the best thing for her swollen bladder.

The walk back to class was almost worse than the one to the bathroom. Scarlett was sweating; she had never had to pee so badly in her entire life. Then she remembered that she had made a huge deal about her barrette and now Mr. Andrews would notice she was returning with no barrette to be seen. But she realized that she was crying anyways, and figured she could pass off her tears as a result of not finding what she was looking for.

“I’m so sorry, Scarlett, is there anything I can do?” asked a concerned Mr. Andrews after handing Scarlett a tissue. She sniffled and shook her head.

“No, I’ll be fine.”

Of course that was an utter lie. Scarlett was not fine. In fact, she was the very opposite of fine. If she was fine, she wouldn’t be squirming in her desk feeling like a thousand needles were being poked into her abdomen. Fine was not holding back tears and thinking, I want go home, I want to go home, I want to go home. And fine was certainly not grabbing onto her crotch and trying to stop the everlasting streams that had turned the majority of her pretty lilac panties into a dark purple.

I can’t hold it, she thought. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t hold it. I can’t hold-

“And have a nice day everybody! See you tomorrow!” Scarlett lifted her head from her cold desk, her curiosity suddenly piqued. Had he just announced that it was time to go home? Wasn’t that what he usually did at the end of the day? And then Scarlett could have jumped to the ceiling for joy. Of course. Today was an early dismissal. That meant she could go home! Oh thank you, thank you, thank you!

She wasted no time picking up her bag and heading out of the class, ignoring the massive waves of desperation assaulting her. The need to pee was colossal; she felt like her bladder was a ticking time bomb about to go off. She frantically tried to slip past the overwhelming amount of students. She had to get to the bathroom, and fast. She remembered how she’d left prematurely the last time she had tried to pee in there, but this time it would be different. She didn’t care if she had to stay there all day, she wasn’t going to leave until her bladder was one-hundred percent empty. She was about to turn towards the hallway that she had traveled three times already, but something stopped her dead in her tracks. There, past the school entrance doors, the school bus was parked, and a number of kids were hopping on.

Scarlett’s throat went dry. She didn’t know what to do now. There was no way she’d have enough time to go pee and catch the bus home. She very quickly considered what other options she could have: her father was working and would not be able to pick her up for at least two hours. Her mother would likely still be at the rec center and there was no telling when she’d be back. She didn’t know the way home and therefore could not walk, and she had no friends that she could carpool with. She had to take the bus.

Scarlett walked out the school doors, looking ghostly pale. The bus had betrayed her today, showing up late in the morning and too early now. And her bladder was so excruciatingly full that she wondered how on earth she was going to hold it until she got home. As she blended into the crowd of kids mounting the bus, she suddenly got an idea. It was definitely risky, but she was willing to try anything at this point.

If she could somehow convince she bus driver to hold the bus for a minute while she went to the bathroom, she might have a chance. She decided she could use her cute looks to her advantage; maybe the driver would feel so sorry for her, he’d be more than happy to oblige.

She practiced her cute face as she staggered on the bus, although it was hard given her current desperate situation. She finally saw the bus driver, a gruff-looking man with an impatient look planted on his sour face. She took on an adorable expression, and said in a very, very sweet voice, “Excuse me, mister. Do you think, I mean, is it possible, that you could maybe hold the bus while I go to the bathroom? It’ll only be a minute.”

The man looked outraged. There was no compassion in his eyes. “Are you crazy? What do I look like, some kind of dealmaker? Three other schools I got to be at! Ain’t no way I’m gonna wait for some bratty little kid to run off to the potty when I got a bus schedule to keep. Either hold it or get off the bus!”

Scarlett sniffled. “Yes sir,” she said tearfully, and wandered mindlessly into the steadily filling bus, feeling like her urethra was on fire.

“Hey Scarlett! Over here!” Scarlett heard that joyful voice call out. She saw Blake grinning and waving, beckoning her to sit next to him. She didn’t even bother trying to avoid him. What she was trying to avoid was having an accident on the bus. She sat down and crossed her legs.

“I saved you a spot,” he said enthusiastically. “Oh yeah, and look.” He dug into his pocket and removed Scarlett‘s barrette. “I went in the bathroom and got it for you. Just like I promised.” He placed it in the palm of her hand.

“Gee, thanks,” she droned, and clipped it back on her hair. In reality, she could care less about her stupid barrette. She was still concerned about the fact that she was about to explode, and the fact that Blake was so calm compared to her wasn’t helping. How can he be so oblivious?

The bus finally took off, and fortunately for Scarlett, Blake didn’t talk to her. He seemed preoccupied by just staring intriguingly out the window. Meanwhile, Scarlett was in a different boat entirely. Her face had almost gone white, and she could hardly think from all the pain. The urge to pee was past its peak, and now it was at a retaliating stage. Scarlett could no longer stay still; her legs were dangling ceaselessly in the air, and her hand was now buried deep inside her crotch. She was no longer worried about her pride or dignity, heck she could have been naked for all she cared!

“Halfway home,” Blake announced casually. Scarlett’s eyes were as big as saucers then. Halfway home? That meant they had only been on the road for two and a half minutes. Gruelling minutes, to be precise. But to Scarlett they had felt like hours, days. And then she realized, if she had barely managed to hold on for less than five minutes … there was no way she could make it home. She winced; another leak had just moistened her panties. She didn’t even want to picture what they must look like now. The only other option if she was planning on making it home dry (well, mostly dry) was …

She tapped Blake weakly on the shoulder. He turned around, beaming. He was happy that Scarlett had sat with him on the bus, but he was even happier when he saw that she wanted to talk to him, something he would have never expected.

“Um, Blake?” she whimpered. He hadn’t seemed to notice her unnatural position.

“Yeah?” he said eagerly.

She took a deep breath. “Um, do you think … could I maybe … come to your house?” She bit her lip and waited for his reply. He was very surprised, shocked as a matter of fact, but there was no mistaking his eyes lit up.

“Sure, but why? Did your parents kick you out?”

Scarlett’s eyes widened. “No!” she said a little too loudly. She immediately lowered her voice. “It’s just that I … I kinda need to use your bathroom.”

“My bathroom?”

Scarlett nodded desperately. Then, she was putting so much effort into holding in the gallons of pee that were about to spurt out any second that she could not control herself from blurting out everything that had happened to her that day,

“Yesterday, my stupid parents took me to this horrible party and they apparently forgot it was a school night because they brought me home at 12 A.M.!

I was too tired to set my alarm clock so I woke up really late this morning and I didn’t have time to go to the bathroom so I just held it and rode on the bus, then when I got to school I went into the bathroom but all the stalls were occupied and the bell rang and I didn’t want to be late for class so I held it some more and then I asked Mr. Andrews if I could go and he said yes but then I saw you and I didn’t want to tell you I had to go so I lied about having a tummy ache but you took me to the nurse and then I went back to class and it was really embarrassing and I kept holding it and then I asked Mr. Andrews if I could go again but then I couldn’t go because there were other people in the bathroom and I got too scared, so I still held it, and then there was no time to go because the bus was here and I asked the stupid bus driver if he could wait but he said no and now I need to go so badly that I won’t be able to make it home!”

She gasped out breaths, feeling agitated and desperate. She had half-expected Blake to be confused out of his mind, but he seemed to have got the basis of Scarlett’s anecdote. He looked at her with a hint of pity in his eyes.

“Wow, sounds like you had a crazy day! But, you know, you could have just told me you needed to go instead of saying you had a tummy ache. I would understand. Why didn’t you just say so?”

“I guess it was just too embarrassing.”

“Why?”

Scarlett was now rocking back and forth, her fists forced so deeply into her skirt she could feel the bones. “I’ll tell you later. Just … don’t talk to me right now, okay?” She looked at him with pleading eyes; even Blake took that as a sign not to bother Scarlett anymore.

“Okay. We’re almost there, Scarlett. You can make it.”

Scarlett was beyond desperate now; it was just a very short matter of time before the dam burst. She was glad she had spoken up to Blake about her tremendously indescribable need, because now she could no longer speak anymore. She was nearly paralyzed with pain; it felt roughly like what she imagined getting shot would be like, only it wasn‘t blood that would be seeping out of her. She tried looking out the window to distract herself, but as soon as she saw a lady watering her plants she immediately looked away, her teeth chattering. Her breaths came out in short soft shudders now, she could no longer focus on anything but keeping herself dry.

“We’re here!” announced Blake enthusiastically. “Let’s go.” He slipped past Scarlett and kindly offered his hand. Scarlett, who was barely even aware of her surroundings, took it and very, very slowly got up from her seat. She was in so much pain she could barely keep her balance. Blake and her walked to the doors of the bus; Scarlett’s hand was still strongly clutching her crotch. Scarlett could hear some whispering and had no doubts that a lot of people were staring at her, but she could care less at that point. All she cared about was getting to pee!

Blake helped Scarlett carefully get off the bus, each step felt like acid was burning her traumatized bladder. Finally the two reached the pathway that led to the door of Blake’s house.

His house was tall, magnificent, and majestic-looking. Quite a contrast from Scarlett’s small, modest cottage-like home. A dog was sitting in the neighbour’s front yard. Blake walked with Scarlett along the stone pathway, reassuring her that they were almost there and everything would be all right like she was his daughter. Scarlett’s vision was now clouded, her entire body was shaking as she clung on to her crotch for dear life. She could barely breathe. Her bladder was so full now it was almost numb. Many drops and a few streams had dripped onto the pathway. One might compare the look on Scarlett’s face to that of a woman in labour.

“Here we are,” Blake calmly said as they finally made it to the door. He turned the knob -- since his family was careless enough never to bother locking the house -- and opened the door and walked in. Scarlett was overjoyed. She had finally made it! She began to follow Blake inside his house, but as soon as she was about to go inside, something happened. The dog that was in the next yard suddenly noticed Scarlett, and being unable to recognize her, barked.

This had no effect on Blake, who had lived in that house long enough to be used to the dog’s loud barking, however, for Scarlett this wasn’t the case. The abrupt noise made her jump from surprise, and unfortunately that was the last straw for her poor bladder. Scarlett gasped as she began to feel drops of warm pee soak into her underpants. She pressed her fingers tighter into her urethra, but there was nothing more she could do. The pee forcefully penetrated her panty fabric and began pouring down onto the cement under her feet.

“Scarlett?” Blake turned around, wondering why the girl had not followed him inside the house. Scarlett wanted to tell him to look away, but it was too late. He instantly saw what was happening, and quickly became shocked. Scarlett turned bright red, and took her hands from her crotch and slammed the door.

“Don’t look!” she shouted. She stood thunderstruck, panting as she watched the torrent spraying out of her like broken pipe. The multiple jets of urine, some sliding down her legs, made a pattering sound as they formed a vast puddle on the ground. Soon Scarlett began to cry, caught in between a feeling of humiliation but also great relief. Her panties felt quite squishy now, as did her socks which had accumulated a good deal of pee. Scarlett continued peeing for a solid minute; even she was amazed by how much liquid there was inside of her! Every time she thought the flow might recede, a new stream surprised her.

The puddle had now grown to an impressive size, and left a trail all the way down the stairs and a few feet into the pathway. With all her strength gone, Scarlett slumped down into the golden pool, further soaking her skirt, and finished peeing sitting down as she closed her eyes; she couldn’t bear to look anymore, it was too humiliating. She kept crying and crying, wishing and pleading for the spectacle to end. Finally, the waterfall turned into a river which turned into a drizzle which turned into a trickle until at last Scarlett was empty. However, warm wetness still moistened her cheeks as she sat on the pavement crying her eyes out, looking at that moment like the most helpless and innocent little girl in the world. She couldn’t believe what she had just done. At eight years old, she had wet her panties. No, wet them would be an understatement. She had drowned them. At eight years old! She had never felt more disgusted at herself in her whole life.

“Can I look now?” a voice said quietly. Blake had opened the door a tad and was now peeking outside. Scarlett couldn’t respond. She wanted nothing more than to dissolve in her own urine and tears. He slowly walked out and was surprised to see the size of the puddle that had nearly reached the street; he had heard the loud splatter as the pee hit the ground even from inside but hadn’t imagined Scarlett had needed to go that badly. Although the nearly the entire stair was soaked with pee, he still sat down next to Scarlett and laid a hand on her back.

“Gee, I‘m sorry, Scarlett,” he said soothingly. Scarlett looked at him with shock in her tear-filled eyes. She had expected him to stand there like an idiot not knowing what to do … was he actually offering some sympathy?

“I wet myself!” she wept. “Like a baby!”

“Don’t be sad, Scarlett. It happens to everybody.”

“But it’s not supposed to happen!” Blake patiently waited for her to let it all out before saying,

“You know, it’s pretty cool how you managed to last all morning. I could never hold it that long.” Scarlett gave him a quizzical look. Obviously they had very different opinions of the word ‘cool.’ But he was obviously trying to make her feel better, so she shouldn’t give him too hard a time. It was definitely more preferable than her parents’ reaction would be if they were to see Scarlett in her current state. And for some reason, seeing Blake grinning at her with that naïve but optimistic enthusiasm of his seemed to dry her tears right off, so she gave the boy a weak, but genuine smile of her own.

“Do you want to come inside?” he offered.

“But I’m all wet,” Scarlett reminded, gesturing to her soaked clothing.

“That’s okay, you can use our bath. And I can lend you some of my clothes if you want.”

“I can’t wear boy’s clothes!” cried out Scarlett.

“Well, my sister’s and my mommy’s clothes are too big,” Blake pointed out. “Besides, it’s better than wearing nothing, don‘t you think?” Scarlett blushed, but decided he was probably right. Not to mention, it was the least she could do after she’d just peed on his doorstep.

“I guess so,” she muttered. She slowly got up, her sopping wet skirt dripping some more into the ground.

He smiled. “I’ll be right back.” He went inside, and Scarlett waited, feeling grateful that although she did have an accident, at least it had happened with the least worst person. Maybe she had underestimated Blake. Despite being somewhat annoying, he was probably the kindest person she had ever met. Soon, Blake returned, holding a sailboat-patterned towel in his hands. He gave it to Scarlett, who wrapped it around her waist to conceal her wet skirt.

“There, now you can come in,” he said.

“But what about …” she blushed deeply. “the smell?”

“Don’t worry, my mom loves air fresheners so she won’t even notice it. I‘ll just tell her you were coming here to borrow a ruler but someone spilled their lunch on you so I‘m lending you my jeans.”

She smiled, and nodded. He stepped inside, followed by Scarlett, who closed the door.

“How about I race you to my room?” he proposed, a mischievous smile on his lips.

Scarlett scoffed. “Race you? What am I, five?”

“Okay, looks like I’ll have to give myself a head start. See ya … cutiepie!” he winked and ran off.

“Blake!“ Scarlett exclaimed, and chased after him. For the first time that day, Scarlett laughed, as they frolicked up the stairs of the grand house.

