Man of the House

Author: OmoGhost

*000*2024-08-23 00:16

This is the first story I've written in a long time. I have had a ton of ideas floating around my head and this is the first one that made it to text. Not sure Ill ever finish it but I figured I might as well share what I have. The first two chapters are done. Ill post the second soon. I initially meant for this to be a long form, multi-part story and this is all the first part. I will do my best to finish the first part so that this at least has a conclusion. Please let me know your thoughts as I continue to add to this! Thanks!

Chapter 1: Arrival

As I put the car in park, Hailey let out something between a groan and a whimper. I looked over to see her bent over with both hands firmly jammed between her thighs. Hailey, my girlfriend of two years, is absolutely stunning. She's 5’2”, 22 years old, has long Brunette hair, beautiful green eyes, and a curvy figure for her height with D cup breasts and an ass to match.

“You know I offered to stop like five times, right?” I said as I removed the keys from the ignition and started looking around the font of the vehicle for anything that needed to be brought inside.

“I know but I knew I could make it! Plus I’m not the one driving, you're the one that ultimately decided not to!” Hailey gingerly removed a hand from her crotch and moved her wavy brunette hair from her face.

I smirked as she said this knowing full well she refused to stop on purpose just to turn me on. We've been together two years and I had told her about my kink a little under a year ago. It took her some time to get comfortable with the idea of wetting herself, but after seeing how much I enjoyed it, she quickly got accustomed to putting herself in precarious situations when it came to having a full bladder.

I unbuckled my seat belt and started to gather all of our things that I could grab from the driver seat. We had been in the car for just under 4 hours driving from our university to her parents house to house sit while her family was out of town for the weekend. A good bit of trash had accumulated from the various snacks and drinks we had packed for the ride. After collecting a couple empty chip bags and several bottles I don't remember drinking I opened the door and got out looking back at Hailey. She hasn’t moved from her bent over position since we parked.

“You ok?” I asked, concerned. I enjoyed when she'd get desperate but I in no way wanted her to actually humiliate or hurt herself.

Hailey slowly sat back in her seat and exhaled slowly, “Yes I just feel like if I move I might pee. I might need you to open the door so I can just run in.”

“No problem. Let me throw this stuff away super quick and I'll grab your keys and a bag.” I quickly made my way to the trash can at the end of the drive and dumped our loose trash on top of the bags. I jogged back to the car to find Hailey bent over again shaking her legs almost violently. She had at least managed to open her door and undo her seat belt.

“Keys?” I asked as I leaned into the open door.

Without looking up she produces a key ring from under her bent torso. “finally. I really need you to hurry up.”

I grabbed the keys from her shaky grip and pulled open the back door of the sedan and grabbed her bag from the back. I suspected she might need some new panties once we got inside. I leaned into the car close to her so I could give her a quick peck on the cheek.

“Ok you ready? Imma go open the door so you can make a dash.”

She looked up and took a breath and shook her head. “finally. Just stay out of my way or imma pee on you.”

I laughed, wanting to make a joke about how much I actually enjoy that thought, but I decided it wasn't the best time. I rubbed Hailey between her shoulder blades, “Ok imma run and unlock the door. You can make it.”

She shook head, and I ran over and started unlocking the door. I could hear Hailey's frantic footsteps not far behind.

“It better be unlocked cause I'm coming through” she yelled out. Just as she got to the entryway of the house, the door clicked open. She threw the door the rest of the way open and ran straight to a shoe rack and started kicking off her shoes. I watched as she danced in place hopping from foot to foot trying to fling them off, not staying on one foot long enough to get one of her shoes completely off. After what felt like an eternity she finally managed to kick off her shoes and fast walked into a hallway.

“We're staying in Mom's room.” She said over her shoulder. I followed her into the room to put her bag down and watched as she raced straight into the bathroom not bothering to shut the door. I left her bag at the foot of the bed and continued to follow her into the bathroom, not wanting to miss the show.

“What the fuck…” she said in defeat. Hailey stood in the middle of the large master bathroom, legs firmly pressed together, hands glued between her legs. The half of the bathroom where the toilet should be was blocked off by a makeshift barrier made of that blue painters tape. The tiles of the floor were all pulled up and the toilet itself was missing and in its place was an open pipe with plastic taped over it.

“Fuckfuckfuckfuck” Hailey bobbed up and down, frozen in place, a single drop of liquid making it's way down her inner thigh.

“The tub!” I said. It wasn't the best option but it was what we had to work with before she left a puddle in the middle of the floor. I watched as she took a deep breath and removed one hand from between her legs as she took one step and, leading with one leg, hopped over the side of the tub. A spurt of pee gushed out of her aching pussy as she leapt, and upon landing in the tub she shoved both hands back in-between her legs. It was useless though. At this point she already had several rivulets of urine running down her legs.

“Fuck” was all she could muster as she separated her legs and placed her hands on her knees, giving up on the losing battle. Piss immediately erupted from her crotch in a loud hiss. Initially, her pee fell directly to the tub below her in one thick, powerful stream. I watched as her red Nike shorts slowly turned dark maroon, the dark color spreading over her left leg as her pee began to run down her thigh, snaking its way down her knee and calf eventually adding to the river of light yellow liquid that was making its way down the drain. After what felt like an eternity, her stream finally died down to a slight trickle that slowly dripped down her thigh. Hailey just sighed heavily, her face bright red as she slowly stood up straight.

“That was so fucking hot.” I said as I walked up to the side of the large tub. My cock was fully erect and there was no hiding it. I was beyond turned on and just wanted to rip her soaking wet clothes off.

Hailey smiled seductively at me, “I'm sorry lover, I couldn't hold it any more. I didn't mean to have an accident. I tried to make it to the potty like a big girl” She said in her sweetest most innocent tone.

“It's okay baby. Accidents happen, and you didn't exactly have much of a choice” I motioned to the construction site where the toilet should be. “Now I think we should get you out of these wet clothes” I said as I leaned over the tub going in for a kiss. Hailey leaned back into me to reciprocate the kiss. Just as the kiss was turning into full on making out we heard footsteps approaching the bathroom.

“HAIILLLLSSSS. I SEE YOUR CAR ARE YOU HERE?” The voice was unmistakably Hailey's oldest sister, Makinzie. Makinzie looks just like Hailey aside from the slightly darker complexion and the fact she's a fair bit taller. She is also not as curvy but still has ample breasts on her athletic frame. Perhaps most importantly, She was supposed to be with the rest of the family but for whatever reason was still at the house. Just as I stepped away from the tub and tried to hide my erect penis, Makinzie appeared in the doorway.

“Hey Hails! So Sam and I decided to stay.” She said this without looking up from her phone. Sam is Hailey's youngest sister and neither of them were even supposed to be at the house. The whole point of us coming to house sit, was that the entire family was supposed to be traveling. Hailey's youngest sibling and only brother, Travis, is on a travel baseball team and his parents are taking him to several big tournaments to get him exposure to some college recruiters as he just turned 16 and should be starting to apply soon. Makinzie is 19 living at home while she attends community college while she figures out what she wants to do. Sam is 17 and still in high school and since both girls are living at home they were gonna use the tournaments as their summer vacations.

Hailey and I just stood frozen staring at Makinzie as she walked in. She looked up from her phone at us and her eyes went wide.

“EWWWW NOT YOU TOO.” she yelled out. Hailey and I just stared confused.

“What do you mean you too?” Hailey asked nervously.

“Sam and Mom also peed their pants since they started working on the bathrooms. Apparently the pipe for the upstairs toilet is connected to this one so we're down to only the hallway bathroom and Me and Sam’s bathroom for toilets. It's led to a lot of close and not so close calls lately. Mom and Sammie are both proud members of the piddle pants club. I'm sure they'll happily take you in.” Makinzie said almost matter=of-factly.

Hailey blushed, “well somebody should have told me and i would have used the hall bathroom instead of my pants. By the way can someone get me a towel please?”

I looked around, but wasn't familiar with where her parents stored the towels.

Makinzie pointed to a cabinet door “they keep them in there. I'll let you two clean up and do whatever you gotta do.” She smirked as she said the last part and turned and left the room.

I grabbed a towel from the cabinet and handed it to Hailey. “I think I might just bathe real quick since I'm ready in the tub. Can you get me some new shorts and panties please?”

“Of course baby. I brought your bag in first just in case. While you clean up I'll grab the rest of our stuff.” I gave her a quick peck on the lips and walked out the room hoping we could have some intimate time together later even though her sisters are home.

*002*2024-08-23 20:42

{{8 hours ago, Blueyedhaw said:

Love it so far! Will the mother come back in the story?

}}

I don't currently have any plans for the mother's to come back. But if I find the time to turn this into the multi-part story I had envisioned I could definitely work this in.

*004*2024-08-24 01:43

Chapter 3 should be up right after this one. My laptop died so I'm having to do this on mobile which is slightly more difficult. Lucky all my work is in the cloud so I didn't lose anything.

Chapter 2: A Strong Statement

After Hailey got out of the bath and got some fresh clothes on, we sat on the couch and watched TV for a bit, opting not to mention what happened earlier. After watching a movie for a bit we ordered pizza and watched a silly game show while we waited for the pizza to be delivered. Once the pizza got here, Hailey called her sisters and we sat down for dinner.

“Ok so I wanted to have a chat” Hailey spoke as she plopped a fresh slice in her plate. “First off, why are you here?”

Sam, being the shy one, just looked at Makinzie, who sighed and answered for them both, “Soooo basically there's a high possibility that the tournament this weekend gets completely rained out and we didn't want to sit in the car for 5 hours just to sit in the car some more. Mom gave us the option to stay here.”

Hailey swallowed her bite of pizza and asked her second question “So why don't you care that Noah is here. I thought only Mom knew I was bringing him.” She rubbed my leg with her foot as she said my name.

Makinzie responded again with a mouth full of pizza this time. “Mom told us. She wanted to make sure it was ok with us and wouldn't be weird having him here. We didn't care.”

Hailey took a sip of soda and set her glass down. “Ok, perfect. One more thing… What happened to Mom's bathroom? Why are they redoing it and why did no one tell me?”

Makinzie snorted and looked over to Sam who was blushing heavily. “So they had some issues with the toilet not working and a plumber or someone came out and said that it needs to be replaced. While replacing it, the bathroom flooded a bit and they found out that it was connected to the upstairs toilet. Now it's a whole thing and they have work on both of them. Mom decided to just redo her whole bathroom and put new tile in and everything. And I thought Mom would have told you but I guess not” Makinzie smiled at that last part.

Hailey's face grew red at the mention. We all ate in silence for a bit. Once we were done and everyone was about to leave, Hailey spoke up one more time, “Soo I have to do a load of laundry so if anyone has anything else they need to add let me know.” her face once again became flushed as she asked the question to the table.

Makinzie was grinning from ear to ear. “Nope. No wet pants here. Maybe your fellow piddle pants club member has something to clean”

Sam blushed heavily “Shut-up Kinzie. It happened to Mom too. And no I don't have anything I need to clean” she said the last part almost triumphantly.

Hailey, her face somehow redder than it was before, stood up and glared at Makinzie and then turned her attention to Sam, “Look Sammie it's ok if you had an accident. Obviously it's been going around. There's no shame in it. Especially when there's only two functional toilets in the house.” Hailey turned her attention back to Makinzie giving her a heated stare “And I don't care how or where you pee. As long as you clean it up before mom and dad get back it's fine with me. If you gotta go you gotta go. Pee wherever you damn well please. Just don't go ruining any furniture.”

Makinzie looked confused and mildly disgusted “Ewww you don't actually mean that do you?? I don't want to accidentally step in someone's puddle”

“I'm serious. I don't care. Just clean after yourself” Hailey said with utmost sincerity. She grabbed her plate off the table and marched into the kitchen to clean it.

MaKinzie rolled her eyes “I just better not step in someone's pee”. She got up and walked away leaving her plate at the table.

This left Sam and I alone, giving me a moment to look her over. She was only 17 but she was cute. She looked way different from her sisters. She had shoulder length straight black hair and was very thin and paler than her sisters. She was taller than Hailey at maybe 5’4”. She had smaller breasts and a cute little bubble butt as well. She was all round just a smaller version of Mackenzie. She was still blushing heavily, while eating on a slice of pepperoni and olive. I stood up to grab Makinzie’s plate and join Hailey in the kitchen when I heard Sam say something.

“You say something? I can take your plate if you're done” I asked. She was still blushing heavily and crammed the last of her pizza in her mouth.

She followed it with last of her tea she was drinking and looked up at me. “Uh yea, thanks. And ummm” she trailed off talking too low for me to hear. I sat back down next to her and leaned a little closer to hear her. She was now almost sweating from the heat in her face.

Sam spoke in a barely audible whisper “Did Hailey really mean what she said? Like the accident stuff?” she was staring down at her legs as she spoke.

I smiled and let out a little laugh. “Honestly, she probably did. Accidents happen and there's no reason to be ashamed. Sharing two toilets among this many people can be difficult so it's bound to happen every once in awhile. She's probably just as embarrassed about it as you”.

Sam sunk back in her chair trying to bury her face in her hoodie. “What about the rest?” she muttered out.

I felt my own face begin to grow warm. The prospect of having a house full of attractive women peeing everywhere but the toilet was very appealing but I doubt Hailey was actually serious about that part. “Uhhh I think she just said that to make a point to Makinzie. I don't think she actually wants everyone popping a squat in the middle of the room whenever they have to pee” Sam was now intently staring down at her lap again avoiding my gaze. 

I decided to keep going. “I personally don't care if you have accidents either. It's nothing to be embarrassed about. Just make sure you try to make it, but I understand if it's an emergency and both bathrooms are occupied. Things happen.” As I said that last part I wiped away the sweat beading on my brow. It's so weird to talk about this out loud, let alone to my girlfriend's little sister. I picked up Sam's plate and added it to my stack. “Just make sure you let someone know what happened so they can help you clean up or add something to the laundry”. And with that I got up and joined Hailey in the kitchen.

The rest of the night Hailey and I cuddled and watched TV reruns before retiring to her parents room for bed. We were both brushing our teeth when I noticed she was bouncing around quite a bit. She spit out her tooth paste and rinsed mouth out and after drying her face she bent over and groaned. At this point we were both in our sleeping clothes. For me that was just a t-shirt and gym shorts. For her an oversized t-shirt and light grey panties hidden beneath. “I gotta pee again but don't want to go to the other side of the house to do it”.

I motioned towards the tub “you could just pee in there again. And rinse it out.”

“Yea I guess I could do that.” She walked over to the tub and smiled down at it. She bent over and picked up her soaked panties from earlier in the day. “Ooorr I do already have to do laundry” she looked over at me with mischief in her eyes. I felt my cock begin to stiff at the idea of what she was suggesting.

I smiled back, “you naughty little girl. Gonna have another accident?” She set her wet panties back down and stepped into the tub.

“Is it still an accident if I do it on purpose?” she asked playfully.

I stepped closer to the tub. “It sure is. Big girls don't wet their panties. They use the potty.”

Hailey played along and frowned at me giving me her best puppy dog eyes. “But… but the potty is just so far away and I reeealllyy have to go.” She grabbed her crotch and did a little potty dance for dramatic effect. “I don't think I can make it,” she continued in her most playful voice.

I was stunned for a second. Hailey has wet herself in front of me plenty of times since I told her and we've definitely done our fair share of roleplay but I've never seen this side of her before. She's never acted so innocent like this in the past and I was beyond turned on. I stepped in the tub with her and leaned in close. “I guess we can make an exception this one time since we still have to clean your clothes from your last accident. If you really can't make it to the potty, then you can go ahead and pee here.” I slowly moved my hand between her thighs, cupping her pussy. 

She bucked her hips into my palm at this action and bit her lip confirming she was just as horny as I was. I watched as she lifted up her shirt just past her hips revealing the plain panties beneath. I watched as she closed her eyes and held her breath. She let out a small sigh as I felt warm wetness envelope my waiting hand. Any sound in the room was drowned out by the loud hissing emanating from between her legs as her urine pooled into my hand and cascaded to the tub below. Her panties turned into an almost midnight black as her warm piss saturated them. After a few blissful seconds it was over and she just looked up at me.

“Feel better?” I gently whispered in her ear. She smiled, bit her lip and slowly shook her head yes. I raised my hand up to meet her soaked panties and began to massage her pussy. She let out a small moan and threw her head back. Hailey then grabbed my shoulders and lifted herself up until her mouth met my ear.

“I've needed you inside me since we got here”. It was all I needed to hear. The final push over the edge that I needed. Things accelerated quickly after that point. Clothing quickly came off, the door was locked, and we made love on the floor of her parents' bathroom.

*005*2024-08-24 03:03

It's looking like I won't get to post everything when I wanted. I have a lot more written. I'll just need to find time to post it all. I hope everyone is having as much reading this as I am writing it!!

Chapter 3: Proving a Point.

The following morning I woke up with Hailey in my arms, her back facing me in a spooning position. I smiled to myself as I stretched a bit, trying not to disturb Hailey, but as I stretched out my free arm she rolled over and greeted me with a big smile.

“Good morning beautiful” I said as I gave her a quick peck on the lips. She giggled and buried her head into my chest. I brought my arm back down over her and gave her a hug.

Her words were muffled as she spoke into my chest “We should probably get up and get breakfast going soon.”

I groaned and stretched out my limbs one more time. “I'm so cozy. I don't wanna get up”.

Hailey pulled the covers over her head in response, struggling to get them past her chin because they were tucked in.

She eventually dropped the covers and sighed in defeat. “I know I wish we could stay in bed forever but we gotta eat. And I don't want them coming in here while we're not decent.”

She had a point. We didn't exactly get dressed before bed last night. I was only wearing boxers and she just had on a oversized purple t-shirt. I groaned and threw the covers off and slowly climbed out of the massive king bed. It was way bigger than the full size mattress we normally share at my apartment. I made my way around the edge of the mattress to where my bad was and started digging for shorts while Hailey did the same. After finding a fresh pair of gym shorts I looked over to find Hailey still bent over searching through her bag, her bare bottom peeking out from under her shirt. I quickly rushed over and gave it a smack smiling to my self as she quickly stood upright, a fresh pair of pink panties in her hand.

“Cut it out! We need to get dressed!” she said shaking her fist at me, waving her new panties at me as if proving her point. I just smiled back at her and threw my shorts on quickly.

“Ok I'm dressed. Can I smack your butt now?” I said almost sarcasticly, knowing how'd shed react.

Hailey just scowled back at me “I'm not dressed so leave me alone or no butt for you for the rest of the day mister!”

I frowned. “Okokok I'll stop. Imma go take a leak and get breakfast started.” As I mentioned peeing I noticed Hailey press her legs slightly together, obviously having the same idea in mind.

“Ok we have eggs and milk in the fridge. Bread and pancake mix in the pantry. Make whatever you want. I don't think we have any bacon or sausage but you can check. we need to go to the store at some point.” as Hailey listed off the things we have to eat I fished around my bag for a shirt and put it on.

“Ok got it. Eggs, pancakes, toast.” I'll figure it out till you get ready.” And with that I walked out the room to the hallway restroom to take care of my business. As I was about to round the corner into the restroom, Sam came rounding the corner from the kitchen. She jumped when she saw me, her face started to grow red again. She was wearing, from what I could see, just an oversized black t-shirt with what looked like Edward Cullen on the front. It was hard to tell since she had some balled up bed sheets in her arms. I quickly noticed the familiar smell of urine in the air and started noticing the slight color gradient in the bundled up sheets. No wonder she was blushing so much this early in the morning.

“Oh Sam, are you ok? Did you have a bad dream or something?” I said concerned.

She looked down at the floor her face bright red now. “Yes I'm f-fine. I ummm got carried away reading in bed last night and thought I could finish my chapter. By the time I realized I couldn't… kinzie was in the bathroom and wouldn't let me in. I thought I could wait but I couldn't…” she slowly pushed her way past me as she explained, obviously trying to clean her mess before anyone else found out.

“Ok. As long as you clean your sheets. You didn't sleep last night did you?” I asked.

“Uh no after… I um… ya know… wet… everything... I put these in the corner and put on fresh sheets and showered and-and everything.” She took a second to wipe the tears from her eyes before she continued to explain. “I umm the umm matress is fine. I had a lot… a lot of um accidents when I was little.” She quickly spat out that last part and started getting defensive”I stopped when I was like 12 but mom kept a protector on the mattress just in case…” she wiped her nose with her arm before finishing. “So I figured… after what Hailey said last night it was better than ruining the carpet.” She sniffed trying to stop crying.

“Hey, Hey, it's ok. I get it. That was smart thinking. Easier to throw some sheets in the wash than to clean a stained carpet. I won't tell anyone. Go ahead and start your laundry. Im gonna get breakfast going in a minute. Let me know if you want anything in particular.” I gently patted her on the shoulder and turned to go into the restroom to do my business. When I got out I could hear the laundry going and found Hailey in the kitchen making a pot of coffee. She was still wearing her purple t shirt with her pink panties underneath now.

“I thought you were gonna start breakfast??” She raised an eyebrow as she met me in the middle of the kitchen and gave me a kiss.

“I thought you were gonna get dressed?” I responded as I reached for the fridge to get out what we'd need to cook.

“I am dressed. I don't care if anyone here sees me like this. You've seen me naked and if you weren't here, all of us girls would be wearing exactly this.” She twirled showing off her hot pink panties beneath.

I set down the milk and caught her in my arms. “Ok I guess I don't mind if they don't care. Now. You helping me with breakfast?”

Over the next 30 minutes or so Hailey and I split up breakfast duties and cooked up some scrambled eggs and a pile of chocolate chip pancakes. The whole time we cooked, Hailey sipped on her coffee. We brought everything over to the dining table and set up utensils and plates for the girls.

“BREAKFAST IS READY YOU FIENDS!” Hailey yelled out. I sat down and poured me a glass of orange juice and started filling my plate. Hailey sat to my right at the head of the table and added a few pancakes to her plate with a spoonfull of eggs. Soon her sisters joined us and fixed themselves a plate.

Once everyone was settled Hailey attempted to start conversation “hey which one of you is doing laundry. I still need to throw my stuff in from yesterday”

Sam blushed brightly and glanced at Kinzie. “I am. I had a few things to wash. I'll let you know when it's done.”

Kinzie snorted and without swallowing her eggs, blurted out “Sammie wet the bed again.” And began to laugh to herself as if it was a joke. Hailey face grew a look of concern.

“Kinzie! I did not wet the bed last night!” Sam shot back. Her face nearly crimson.

“Yes you did! I heard you shower last night and go into the cabinet to get new sheets! And you had new ones on when I looked in your room this morning!” Makinzie began to argue.

“Why were you in my room!?” Sam argued back.

“I didn't go in your room I just looked in there through the door! And don't change the subject piddle pants!” Makinzie almost yelling the last part.

Sam just sat back in her chair and huffed. “ I didn't wet the bed! I purposely peed in it cause you locked me out of the bathroom last night and I didn't want to ruin the carpet!”

“I was in there for like 5 minutes you could have waited or used the hall bathroom! Why did you pee in your bed!? You sleep there! That's so gross!” Makinzie again shouting the last part of her statement

“Hailey said it was ok as long as we clean it and I'm cleaning it!” Sam elled back at Makinzie.

Makinzie opened her mouth to respond but was cut of by Hailey who let out a loud sigh. “Ahhhhhh” She was leaned all the way back in her chair arms stretched out in front of her, a smile planted in her face. That's when I heard it. The unmistakable sound of liquid spilling on to the floor. I instinctively leaned back in my chair to look under the table. Hailey sat with her legs slightly parted as a pool of liquid was rapidly expanding under her and was beginning to cascade of the edge of the wooden chair. A muffled hiss could be heard as liquid met liquid. The puddle around her grew rapidly, pouring of the edges of her chair and running down the back of her calves to the floor below. My mouth hung open as watched the waterfall of hot piss continue to find its way over the edge of the chair, spitiling down the wooden legs and dripping into the ever growing lake below. As quickly as it started it ended. The vast rivers of golden liquid turned into trickles.

“What. The. Actual. Fuck” Makinzie was the first to speak.

Hailey just shrugged. “I told you I don't care. I didn't get a chance to go this morning when I woke up and I've been drinking coffee so I really had to go. I didnt want to get up from the table so I just went.”

We all just stared at her as she went back to eating.

“How can you eat when you're covered in piss?” Makinzie grimaced and pinched her nose “And it stinks!”

She wasn't wrong. The scent of urine hung faint in the air. I didn't mind though and neither did my body. My cock was stiff in my shorts under the table. I pulled my chair in closer to hopefully hide my situation.

“It's ok baby, I'll help you clean in a bit. I didn't know you never went this morning” I said as I put another pancake on my plate trying to pretend everything was fine.

Makinzie scowled and got up from the table. “That's so gross I don't know how you can eat.”

Sam added more eggs to her plate and looked at Hailey coyly. “Th-Thanks Hails. You didn't have to do that”

Hailey snorted as she swallowed another bit of pancake. “It was gonna happen sooner or later. I really had to pee for, like, the last 30 minutes. I'm surprised I lasted as long as I did.” She took another bite “besides I really meant it when I said I don't care. Just let me know when you're done with your sheets so I can clean my stuff.”

Breakfast lasted another 10 minutes as we finished up the last of the pancakes. Sam got up and changed her laundry over before retiring to her room. Hailey stayed seated until I returned with a armful of towels. She gingerly stood up, her now cold pool of urine splashing off the side of the chair and running down the back of her calves. The large puddle beneath the chair surprisingly didn't spread too much. I put one towel down on the chair and slowly picked it up and moved out the way so I could put a larger towel down on the floor. Hailey just stood in her puddle as pee slowly dripped from between her legs and ran down her thighs. I handed her a third towel to clean off with so I could start picking up our breakfast mess. Hailey smiled at me with the towel in her hand.

“I saw you really enjoyed that.” She whispered.

I felt my face grow warm. “I did. did you?”

She smiled up at me. “I did. I really had to go. I'm serious. I thought I was gonna piss myself cooking breakfast.”

I felt my member starting to rise again. “Why didn't you stop using the bathroom? You had plenty of time to go.”

Hailey smiled seductively at me swaying her body side to side. “I guess I kinda like holding it… especially in front of you. I wanted to see how long I could last. I thought about getting up from the table at the last second but I ended up letting it happen. It took me a second to let it out not gonna lie. I don't know if it was because I was around people or just had to pee that bad or what.” I felt my cock start to push against my boxers.

Hailey glanced down and bit her lip. “you better put that thing away. Don't need my sister's to see you hard.”

I quickly tried to readjust myself to better hide my current predicament. Hailey just stared at me smiling.

“you know I didn't do that just for you. I'm tired of Kinzie pushing Sam around and making her feel bad. She struggled with bed wetting for a long time and apparently she took it hard when she had that accident last week when they shut off the toilets. I wanted to prove a point to her that I don't care if anyone wets themselves. That it's ok to have an accident. I just don't want her feeling bad about it and Makinzie doesn't help.”

“Well if it helps, what you're doing is working. I ran into Sam when she was taking her sheets to the laundry room. She really wanted to know if you care or not and I said you don't. She seemed to take comfort in that.” I said as I began to grab plates from the table.

I continued to clean up the dining table from breakfast while Hailey soaked up the puddles she made. I was wiping down the table while she was squatting, wiping up the puddle with the now soaked towel.

“You need help? I'm almost done here. Just gotta put everything in the dishwasher.” I said, crumpling up a paper towel in my hand.

“I'm ok! I think it's good for now. I'll mop later to make sure it's clean.” She said as she stood up. “imma grab my other wet clothes and throw everything in the wash” she gave me a peck on the lips and disappeared to the bedroom.

I finished rinsing the dishes and putting them away and decided to find Hailey. She was in the laundry room still in her purple shirt which was wet around the bottom from her “accident” earlier. I assumed she still had on her wet panties underneath. I watched as she started putting the wet towels in the machine followed by her wet panties and shorts from yesterday.

She suddenly turned to me, “close the door.” She commanded. I did as she said and turned back around to watch her peel her shirt off and throw it in the wash. She was left with her bare breasts and visibly wet panties exposed.

“No this one's for you” she said with a wink as she spread her legs shoulder width apart. Almost immediately a thick, clear stream of liquid poured from her pussy, her already saturated panties providing no resistance. A few seconds later it was over. I looked down expecting a mess but she was standing over a towel that was now completely saturated. I watched as she stripped off her still dripping panties and tossed them into the machine. She then bent over, making a point to show off her ass, and picked up the towel. She wiped down her legs to try to remove any moisture and tossed the towel into the machine with the rest of her laundry. Still fully nude, she took her time pouring out liquid detergent and starting the machine.

When she was done she pressed her naked body into mine and snuck a hand between my legs. “I'm all done. Think imma go take a shower. Care to join?” She said as she breathed heavily up the side of my neck.

She gripped my semi erect penis in her hand and squeezed as she planted a kiss on my lips. I was completely at her mercy and she knew it. She pulled a shirt off a random pile of folded laundry and pulled it on. It went all the way down to her knees, her hard nipples showing through the thin fabric. Hailey pushed open the door and slipped into her parents room with me not too far behind. I had no idea what got into her this weekend but I'm enjoying every moment of it.

