A Day at the Races

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-10-21 23:45

A Day at the Races

She stood in front of the mirror watching the water drip off her hair and run down her body. She grabbed the towel off her bed and rubbed it through her hair to remove the excess water. Once she had got as much as she could with the towel she grabbed her hair dryer and went to work, running her fingers through her hair as the warm air dried it She finished drying it and threw the hair dryer on the bed and turned back to the mirror. She curled her fingers under the knot she had put in her towel and loosened it letting it fall to the floor.

Her eyes ran over her wet glistening body. She often did this, she loved admiring herself in the mirror, especially when she was masturbating, she loved nothing better than playing with herself whilst watching her reflection. She could see why people were often envious of her, she didn't have a perfect body....far from it, there were plenty things she would change but people often said they wish they had her body. They hated the fact that she could eat like a horse and do no exercise whatsoever but managed to keep her figure. She ran the towel over her body, shuddering as she ran it between her legs.

She finished drying off and threw the towel onto the bed and walked over to her drawers. She picked out a pair of lacy pink knickers and matching bra and put them on. She then grabbed a pair of black sheer stockings and slowly rolled them up her legs. She opened her cupboard and looked at the clothes hanging there. She wasn't a girly girl and had never been one for having a mass of clothes. Today she needed something smart and fancy. She was going to the racetrack.

Every year her company hired the race track out and held a race day for its employees as a bonus treat. More as a treat for the sales and manufacturing departments, however the other departments were invited. Her department was small and of the 6 people she worked with only one of them was going. This is why she enjoyed the event. She could enjoy a day out without having to socialise with her immediate colleagues. She could tolerate them at work but the idea of being social with them outside work was something she did not find appealing. This meant that all the people attending she would know from within the company but not personally so she could just make small talk and keep to herself and enjoy the races and free drinks.

She flicked through the hangers and settled on a white summer dress with a red bow round the waist. She put it on then admired her ensemble in the mirror. It was perfect, smart enough for the setting but not too smart that she looked like she was attending Royal Ascot. She pictured herself in some designer dress with some outrageous over the top hat and giggled. She put her stuff in her bag and and slipped on a pair of black heels and went downstairs. She went outside and jumped in her car. She checked herself in the mirror and when she was happy she looked okay she set off. It wasn't too far to go and ten minutes later she pulled into the car park of the race track and found a space.

She got out and walked across to the entrance where she was greeted by a crowd she knew from the IT department. She went inside and walked into the bar area. A waiter walked towards her and offered her a glass of champagne. She went to take one then remembered she was driving. Her mind darted back to the night she was pulled outside her house for suspected drink driving and had to give a breath sample. She pulled her hand away declined. She walked over to the bar and stood waiting to be served. As she was stood waiting she felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned round and found the Chairman of the company standing behind her. “Good Afternoon Sir” she said smiling at him. He shook his hand and said “please, we are not at work today, call me Neil....and you are....Miss Stephenson right?”.

“Yes that's me, but we aren't at work so please call me Amy” she said. He laughed and said “well I hope you enjoy yourself today Amy, the races will be starting shortly, if you would like to place a bet go and see James and he will give you some pre paid tokens”.

“Thank you, I'll make sure to go see him” she said. She shook his hand and he wandered off into the crowd. She got a lemonade and mingled into the crowd speaking to people she recognised. She saw a guy standing at a table with a board full of betting odds behind him. She walked over and asked if he was James. He smiled and said “aye that would be me”.

“Neil said to come to you to get some tokens to bet on the races”.

“yeah that's me, James the token man....I just need your name please”.

“Amy Stephenson” she replied. He flicked down his clipboard and said “ahhh yeah, there you are, Amy Stephenson, Marketing Department, not many from your lot here today, I've had Susan sign in, she is here somewhere, anyway here are your tokens. She held out her hand and he gave her a pile of tokens. She slipped them into her handbag and signed her name. She glanced at the race schedule on the boards, debating which race to bet on. She put a bet on the second race and then she found the perfect horse for her, she glanced round the races and saw he was running in a number of races and decided to put all her tokens on him.

It didn't matter if she won or not, this horse was perfect her. “James, can I put a bet on every race with Golden Rain”. He nodded and took her tokens and set about printing her betting slips. Golden Rain, she laughed. Only recently she had discovered she enjoyed being extremely desperate to pee and eventually wet herself. A couple of weeks ago she had accidentally wet herself in front of people on a bus and had found afterwards she enjoyed the thrill of being seen. Now she had a horse named after her new found love. He handed her the tickets and she walked out onto the terrace. She watched the horses been led up and down the track by their jockeys. She looked around for her horse and found it near the back of the group.

As she watched Golden Rain walking up and down the track she heard “heya Amy, you alright”. She looked round and found Susan sitting next to her. “yeah I'm okay thanks, yourself?

“I'm fine thanks, just thought i'd pop over and say hi, you on your own....you can come join me and my husband if you want”.

“No thanks, I'm okay”. She really did not want to spend the afternoon with Susan.

“well if you change your mind we are just over there, see you later”.

She sighed in relief as Susan walked away. There was an announcement saying that the races were about to commence. She checked the program, her horse wasn't in the first race. The horses lined up in the gates, the claxon went and they were off. She cheered on with the rest of the crowd. The second race lined up to start. She checked her ticket, this race she had betted on, she had bet on number 6, Stardust. The gates opened and she cheered on as Stardust thundered down the track. She cheered as he came in second place. She should really watch racing on TV, she loved it. She went in to the bar and got a big bottle of water so she wouldn't have to make multiple trips.

Three hours passed and the races stopped for an interval to give people chance to cash in their bets or put on new ones. She had finished her bottle of water and decided that whilst everyone was putting on bets she would take advantage of the lack of people at the bar. She got another bottle of water and some crisps and went back outside and made small talk with people until the races started up again. She was loving it, cheering on Golden Rain when he was racing, then in one of his races he won and she jumped up cheering.

As she stopped jumping around and sat down she noticed her bladder was getting quite full. She ignored it and focused on the next race. An hour or so later she couldn't ignore it any longer. All the water she had drank had gone right through her and filled her bladder. She was wiggling and squirming as she stood watching the races. At least everyone around her was jumping around and cheering so she didn't stand out. She finished off her bottle of water and the pressure on her bladder seemed to increase dramatically.

She squeezed her thighs together and crossed her legs. 15 minutes later the pressure in her bladder was so hard and she was busting for a pee. She was enjoying the feeling of her full bladder but she knew she better be careful. She loved being desperate in public. Over the past couple of weeks she had been really desperate whilst out in public and loved people knowing that she really had to pee. But she hadn't had the never to wet herself whilst in public. She wanted to as she loved the feeling it gave her when she accidentally did it but she couldn't muster up the nerve.

She definitely didn't want to get too desperate today, not in front of her work colleagues. Her bladder was pushing down on her pee hole making her want to wee so bad. She decided it would be best to go and use the bathroom, she could always get desperate when she got home and enjoy it there. The next race was about to begin and she looked at the program. Golden Rain wasn't in this race....but he was in the next one. She wanted to see that race and decided to wait until that race had done, then she would have to go for a pee.

She squirmed her way through the next two races, her bladder pushing down hard on her pee hole, the water trying to escape. The race finished and she knew she had to go and pee, if she didn't go now she would get extremely desperate and might risk another accident. She made her through the crowd and set off towards where the toilets were.

As she came round the corner the toilets were in front of her....with queues for both. She hadn't expected them to be so busy, not whilst the races were on. But then she thought about all the free drinks and figured it was to be expected. She joined the back of the ladies line which was about 13 people strong. She wasn't bothered, she could hold it for a bit yet, she had gotten better at holding over the past few weeks. She leant on the wall and looked up the line. There were a few legs tapping and a few wiggles going on and she wondered just how desperate some of them where.

She looked over at the mens line which was shorter than the ladies but was constantly flowing with traffic. This was usual, there were just as many men using the toilets but they were quicker so the line moved faster for them. She was brought out of her thoughts by a sudden “OH HECK”. She looked round and saw a girl had just walked round the corner and was walking towards her. The girl joined the line behind her and repeated “OH HECK.....OH HECK”.

Amy looked at the girl and said “you ok?”

The girl looked at Amy and said “yeah its just, i've had a lot to drink and I kept putting off coming to the toilet cos I was enjoying the races but it just got to the point where I was absolutely busting for a wee so I dashed over here....i didn't think there would be a line though”.

Amy nodded and said “yeah, I didn't think there would be a line either”.

The girl crossed her legs and leant on the wall. “I thought there would be a couple of people of waiting, but not this many, if I knew there was so many I would have come sooner cos I have to go so bad”.

“so do I”, replied Amy. She looked at the girl, she knew her face but couldn't place her name. She had seen her in the building before. Then it hit her, she was a trainee in the sales department. She had been given a tour when she first started and had been introduced to her, but what was her name.

“erm....you okay”. Amy suddenly realised she was staring at the girl. “yeah, sorry about that, I was trying to figure out where I know you from, you work in sales right?”

“yeah, I'm training at the moment, I'm Megan”.

Megan!!! that was it, she remembered now. Before she could say anything she continued “and you are Amy right?”. Amy nodded and Megan said “i remember meeting you on my first day, nice to meet you again”. She held out her hand and Amy shook it. “same to you”. They exchanged small talk about the company and how she was finding the work. The line slowly moved forward. Suddenly Megan gasped and said “oh god this line is moving too slow, I really have to pee”.

Amy said “so do I, im starting to get really desperate”.

“i'm already there”, replied Megan. I was bursting when I first got here, now I'm almost wetting myself, this line needs to hurry up”.

Something about her words excited Amy. She couldn't pin point what it was but her pussy had tingled when she had heard Megan say those things. She looked down at Megans hands in her crotch, dancing from foot to foot, hearing her ooooo's and aaaaaaah's. The more she looked the more excited she got, she felt her pussy get wet and damped her knickers. She resolved that not only did the feeling of being desperate excite her, knowing that someone else was desperate must have the same effect. The line moved down a couple more people and now Megan was doing a full blown pee dance.

“oh god I'm so close to wetting myself, i've never had to pee so bad before”. Cried Megan. Amy looked down the line and saw there were now four people ahead of her. Her own bladder was now feeling the strain and she too felt like she was about to wet her knickers. “you can do it, just concentrate on something else” said Amy.

“if I concentrate on something else I will explode” replied Megan “concentrating is the only thing stopping me from wetting myself”.

Amy felt her pussy drip with desire, knowing this girl was on the verge of having an accident was turning her on so much. She felt sorry for her but the feeling of excitement was drowning that. Suddenly Megan gasped and looked horrified.

“what's wrong” asked Amy.

“some just leaked out, I can't hold it much longer”. Amy put her hand on her shoulder and said “you can, you are almost there, you can go ahead of me”.

“oh god thankyou” she said as she moved in front of Amy. Now there were only two people in front of her. She was stood doing the amazing pee dance Amy had ever seen. Her pussy was screaming at her for attention. Her pee hole was trembling under the pressure of her bladder. Her entire body was alive with excitement. The line moved down again. Now only one person was in front of Megan. She gasped again and jammed her hand into her crotch. She looked at Amy almost crying. “some more leaked out, I don't know if I can wait”

“you can” said Amy, thinking about her own bladder, she knew she could wait for two more people but not much longer. The woman at the front of the line went into the toilet leaving Megan stood at the door dancing around like mad. Suddenly she gasped loudly and Amy saw a streak of pee running down Megan's tights. Then another followed.....and another. The streaks snaked down her legs to the floor. She whimpered in desperation and said “i can't stop it”. She banged on the door and told the woman to hurry up. A huge spurt suddenly shot out from under her dress onto the floor. She began to cry as she slowly lost control.

Amy felt sorry for the poor girl. She could hear shocked voices around her as people started to notice this poor girl having an accident. Then she felt something....this was it. She wanted to pee in front of a huge crowd, this was her opportunity, not only would she fulfill her fantasy, she would take the focus purely of Megan. A voice in her head told her not to, she worked with these people....who cares, she hardly ever saw them.....but word will spread round the office.....i don't care. The battle went on in her head. By now Megan was gone, she had lost control and despite her trying to stop it she was wetting herself slowly but surely.

Amy looked at Megan and then she knew. As she looked at the horrified look on the poor girls face she knew she had to do it. She relaxed her muscles slightly which caused the pressure on her bladder to intensify and push down hard on her peehole. She felt the pee thundering down towards her pee hole, she likened it to Golden Rain thundering down the track and her pee hole was the finishing post. It hit her pee hole and she didn't try to stop it. Her pee burst out of her pee hole and sprayed into her knickers. It ran down her legs, leaving streaks on her stockings. It sprayed onto the floor, splashing on the concrete. She sighed in relief as the pressure lifted off of her bladder. She looked round at the people looking at her in shock and she felt incredibly horny. She turned to look at Megan who was staring at her in disbelief. Eventually the flow stopped and the last few drops squeezed out into her knickers. She looked at Megan and said “come on”.

As they walked past the crowd they got a few stares and shocked tones but she didn't care. The more people looked at her the more naughty she felt. She took Megan out of the track to her car. She told Megan not to worry about what had happened and that it happened it to everyone. She pointed to her pee soaked stockings to prove her point. Megan smiled and thanked her. Amy peeled off her stockings and chucked them in her car. She suggested Megan do the same. At first she seemed reluctant and didn't want to return to the track, she wanted to go home.

Amy sat her down and told her that if she went home people would talk about her, whereas if she showed a strong front they would see that it hadn't bothered her and would drop it and if they didn't they would have her to answer to. Megan laughed and thanked her. She took off her wet tights and put them in the car and they went back inside. She could see people staring and when they sat down Megan said she felt uncomfortable with people staring. Amy reassured her that it wouldn't last.

“people might talk about it on Monday but then it will trail off and there will be a new topic, anyway you aren't alone, I'm in the frame too”. Megan seemed happier and they enjoyed the races together. Later on they laid on a dinner for everyone then there was a disco afterwards. As the night wore on Amy felt tired and decided to head home, she went round and said her goodbyes. When she got to Megan she asked how she waas getting home. Megan said she was getting the bus. Amy offered her a lift and she accepted the offer. As they were driving along Megan said “i'm not looking forward to work on Monday. Amy laughed and said I don't think you need to worry”.

“you don't” replied Megan.

“did you not your boss drunk on the dance floor”.

“no” said Megan.

“well lets just say it wasn't pretty, I think your department will be talking about that for a while” said Amy laughing.

She dropped Megan off and then drove home. When she arrived home her bladder had filled up again since she had pee'd earlier. She made herself a cup of tea and drank it whilst watching tv. She let her bladder fill up and soon she was sat on the sofa squirming around on the verge of wetting her knickers a second time. Her mind played back the image of Megan stood pee dancing and slowly losing control. Her hand creeped up her skirt and found her throbbing clit. She rubbed it through her damp knickers as she thought about Megan losing control.....all those people watching her pee herself, all the people who knew she was a naughty girl. Before she could stop it her body exploded in orgsam which caused her pee hole to burst open. She could only lay there shaking as her body was filled with orgasmic pleasure and her bladder released into her knickers and all over the floor.

She had finally done it in front of a crowd, her mind raced as she thought up what naughty adventure she could have next......

*003*2014-10-22 09:20

{{:

Another excellent read - well done! I love the way that you justify the serious desperation in so many different ways. Even though Amy clearly enjoys the feeling, there's always some reason to keep holding on (relief is so near yet so far away) - and a very clever reason for letting go in the end too! Can't wait for the next one now

}}

Thanks :D I have an idea for the next one which will be posted soon :)

