From Game magazine (U.S.), July 1975

Author: idkwutnameishalluse

*000*2012-04-07 22:55

I do not own this. Pulled off from internet.

%http://www.textfiles...TICA/G/game.txt

WARNING: Contains a little bit of sex scene. A few lines of fingering after two times of peeing outdoors.

From Game magazine (U.S.), July 1975 (spelling and capitalizations as in the original)

After reading a few issues of your magazine, I find that I am not the only person who is turned on by Urine, technically known as "Urolangia." From early boyhood, I have tried every available effort to catch little Girls when they were Peeing, and I was fortunate enough to "Catch" a few grown women, either standing up or Squatted, Making Water on the ground. At school, especially, several small moppetts regularly peed in their clothes when the teacher refused them permission to leave the room. All this has conditioned me, even to this day, many years later, that even to suspect that a Woman needs to Pee badly, I get a big Sexual charge from it. I wish, therefore, to share a few experiences of mine, so that others of like mind may benefit from what I was fortunate enough to enjoy.

Shortly after I was out of high school, I started to work at the local Post Office. Our town was then, back in 1936, about 20,000 population, and had a rather large office with 18 or 20 foot carriers delivering mail to the houses throughout the city. In a short while, I had a route of my own. The first day I worked, I was walking up the street when someone called, "Hey, Barney!" I knew it was a girl, I stopped and she came running up to me.

"Where's Barney?" she inquired breathlessly, after running up the slight grade. "Barney's in the army," I replied, which seemed to sadden her a great deal. I told her I would be working Barney's place until he returned.

"I always walk around with him, for company," she went on, and one look at her I wondered whose company, hers, or Barney's.

She was about 15, Big and hefty, corn-fed, with plenty of "Girl" where it counted, and even the skimpy short, tight-fitting dress failed to hide that fact. I suspected, and soon found out, that her dress, stockings and Garter belt was all that she wore. I wondered if she was that near destitute, or if she dressed to please Barney. As she walked along, swoonily, her short skirt allowing frequent glimpses of her Bare Thighs between it and her stockings, she kept plucking at her skirt, lifting it up, pressing her hand in between her thighs, and frequently Masturbating by putting her hand up under her dress.

She would ofter sit on the steps while I climbed up and put mail in the box on the porch of the house, and often she would sit Straddled out, dress up, and all her Young Womanly charms spread out in full view. When she got between me and the sun, the shadows of her Legs showed up through her dress. Her dress was low-cut in front enough to almost show her Nipples, which looked as big as strawberries, on her ample, Bouncy Boobs. As for me, I was more interested in looking at the Clefted Bulge between her Thighs than at her fleshy female appendages.

We had walked several blocks, and both she and I were feeling fatigued. I had to go to the bathroom, and I fully suspected that she did, too. Finally, I knew for sure.

"I have to Pee," she bluntly stated, blushing slightly, but with her hand pressed to her Crotch in an attitude of extreme necessity. I said, "You do?"

"Yea," she replied, "Don't you? Barney always stopped up there," she informed me, pointing to a place grown up with brush and briars. We walked on up until we came to the place, and she led the way back into an almost wilderness.

This Girl, whose name was D.... C..., (not wishing to use her real name), led me back to a spot by a maple tree, well surrounded by brush, and well hidden from everyone, but who might be right above us. I really did need to Pee. She stood back, looked on interestedly as I opened my pants and took my Penis out about half way. Drops of Urine were already oozing out.

She had her legs parted and a Dribble of Pee was trickling down from under her dress. I began to Urinate against the tree. She pressed her hand in against her Mons Veneris, making a wet spot on her skirt, looking at my Penis as the Urine flowed out, and under the spell of her looking, it began to Swell rapidly. I feared I would get a Hard on before I was done Peeing.

"Take it out all the way," she asked me, with all the freedom of speech as if we were married. "Barney always did. He had one almost as big as yours."

I finished Peeing, shook off the excess drops and with it Swollen and hard from the effect of her interest, made a huge bulge on my pants. Suddenly, she spread her legs, lifted her Skirt and Squatted, almost letting her pee fly before she got down, so bad did she need to go. I watched intently, watching the Amber Liquid Gush out from between the Swollen Labia. Just seconds before she was finished, she raised up, dropped her skirt, and let the last Dribbles trickle down her Legs, wiping up between her Thighs with her skirt and making a larger wet area on it. I was so afraid I was going to ejaculate in my shorts that we stood there until the edge of my arousement had worn off.

We resumed the delivery, she showing as much of her Lower feminine parts as she dared. We walked around about 4 blocks, finally arrving back at this area about noon. My lunch had been delivered to the box, as well as the mail, and locking my satchel in the box we went across to the shadiest spot.

Since she had no lunch, I divided with her. She lifted up the back of her skirt as she sat down and I felt that she was once again about to Pee, and would probably sit there and do it.

I wasn't wrong. She pulled her skirt up into her lap and sitting there on the remains of the stone bench, she just peed away, as nonchalantly as if she was in a bathroom. Raising herself up, her Buttocks, how wet they were, and feeling a bit aroused myself, I handed her my big handkerchief. She proceeded to dry her backside, finally finishing by spreading her legs and drying the interior of her cunt between the Lips. Finally, what surprised me, was, that she stayed with me the entire trip, which took until almost 4:30, and I got to watch her Squat and Pee at least 4 or 5 times. The last time we were at the one-time park, after she had Peed and stood up, I went over and daring to put my job and reputation on the line, I Hugged her close, ran my hand all the way up between her thighs and gave her a good "Feeling Up." She took hold of my hand and worked my fingers up into her Vagina.

She was so excited, her Vagina was overflowing with Moisture, and I already had such an erection that I soon felt an Orgasm coming on, which was copious enough to make a damp spot on my uniform trousers. We walked on down to the point where I was scheduled to board the bus. She sat on the steps of a nearby house, Legs high and parted, her entire Pudenda in full view, and the Swollen Lips and Clitoris revealing how overwrought she was, Sexually.

The mail-carrying arrangement lasted almost 4 years longer. I ran across other young teen-agers, and younger, who kept me supplied with exciting things to see and do. Almost every day, I saw someone Pee, either having an Accident, or some kid just Squatting and taking care of nature in the yard, or even on the sidewalk. At the conclusion of the war and our draftees began to return to work, the routing went back to normal. I was given enough seniority by now that I could transfer to a new route in a better neighborhood, and soon forgot the good old days when I worked among the urchins and ghetto children, but I still remembered their Urolangic activities, and to this day I dredge up thoughts of them during my Sexual Fantasies, which are frequent and fruitful, since I never married, and do not date regularly.

Name Witheld,

Claysburg, Pa.

*003*2012-04-17 00:53

No idea if he's german. I don't know much and you see the author refuses to leave name there. And yeah I would've liked it even more if there is no sexual scene.

