Batman Robin Rooftop

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2014-02-16 02:40

“Bruce can we take a break? I need to take a piss.” Robin said desperately. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold it. This stakeout was taking forever. He rubbed his thighs together and gave a soft moan.

“You’re not a kid anymore Robin you can wait.” Batman responded harshly.

Robin groaned and held himself tightly. He couldn’t stop thinking about it. He needed to go now. “Bruce please I need too.”

Batman turned back and glared at Robin. “No names in the field.”

Robin gave an irritated sigh and looked down at the ground. “You weren’t listening to me. I can’t wait anymore.”

“I said no Robin, Ivy could appear any moment now and it wouldn’t do to have you in the middle of taking a bathroom break if she were to try something. Now sit still.” Batman said demandingly.

Robin squeezed himself tightly and crossed his legs before taking a seat beside Batman. “How do you expect me to fight Ivy if I’ve got my own body working against me?” Robin said, his voice was slightly strained

“First of all you aren’t to engage Ivy. Second of all if you end up in a situation like that you aren’t to try and hold it, understand.” Bruce looked directly at Robin.

“You want me to wet myself?” Robin said, incredulous.

“If it’s safer for you to do so, then yes. It’s not ideal though, that’s why we did the bladder training.” Batman remarked. “Now stay still and be quiet or I won’t let you come on another stakeout.”

Robing cringed and felt a few tears spring to his eyes holding it like this hurt so much. He tried to stay still but it was nearly impossible too.

“Batman I’m going to have an accident.” Robin whined softly as he felt a small spurt.

Bruce groaned slightly. “You can go here but do it quietly.”

“Here?” Robin asked embarrassed.

“If you really can hold it it’s here or in your pants.” Batman said.

Robin knew Batman wouldn’t budge on the issue so he backed away slightly and with much apprehension took down his pants. “Don’t look.” Robin said.

“I have no reason too but hurry up and be quiet about it. We can’t give ourselves away.” Batman said harshly.

Robin’s legs shook as he continued to fight back the flood. How could he make it quiet? Robin bit his lip.

Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose in irritation before pushing Robin to his knees. “Take off your pants and get as low to the ground as you can. If you don’t want to get caught you have to go quietly.”

Robin frowned and did as Bruce had told him spurting despite his best efforts nearly the whole time.

He looked up at Bruce and whispered. “How do I make it quiet?”

Bruce sighed “We trained for this for a reason; you need to go slowly and be able to stop at a moment’s notice if I tell you so. I’ll keep watch for Ivy. Make sure it’s quiet.” After that Bruce turned back and took out his binoculars again.

Robin bit his lip as small drops of urine fell to the pavement below getting his thighs wet as it splattered. His stream purposefully was slow so that he couldn’t be heard but holding it back was agonizing. He glanced over at Bruce and relaxed a little bit more allowing more of the pee to run down his thighs and onto the pavement below. Robin sighed in relief. It felt so good even though he still had to hold back.

“Quieter.” Bruce demanded.

Robin felt like crying. The relief had been magnificent and he still needed to go so bad. He slowed his stream to a few drops and he gasped. “Please Bruce I need to.” Robin begged. A few moments passed and Robin felt a warm hand rubbing his back.

“I’m sorry; you need to be strong for me Robin. This is the only way we can make sure you stay safe.” Bruce whispered

Robin continued peeing like that for what seemed like ages. A large puddle had formed beneath him by the end of it and he was exhausted.

“That’s a good boy Robin.” Bruce smiled.

Robin sighed in relief. “Batman?”

“What is it?” Bruce asked.

“Do you have something I could wipe myself off with.” Robin blushed as he stepped away from the puddle and grabbed his pants.

Bruce nodded and grabbed a small towel out of his utility belt. “Let me take care of it.”

Robin nodded and kneeled back down, spreading his legs slightly.

Batman wiped Robin’s legs down with the towel before patting him on the head. “You did well Robin.”

