A Live Screening

Author: KawaiiUnknown

*000*2015-04-13 14:11

"Hey! Don't forget to get me some popcorn! And a drink!" Blair shouted to her sister, Clair, who was queuing up at the counter for purchase the popcorn for the two of them.

"She doesn't have to shout.. Ugh.." Clair grumbled to herself and waited for her turn to make the order. "One- No wait two medium popcorn and two large drinks thank you." Smiling at the cashier, passing the money and walking shakily with the amount of things on her hands into the cinema room.

The crowd slowly began to swarm the room, causing Clair to bump into people, nearly dropping the drinks. "Thanks!" Blair said, helping Clair to hold her part of the popcorn and drinks, "I'll pay you later alright?" Walking off to the seat where she had put her bag on already.

Ten minutes into the movie, Clair felt a tingling feeling in her bladder but soon ignored it as the movie caught her attention. "It's starting off pretty good yea?" Blair whispered to her, "Shh!" Clair quickly replied, not wanting to be distracted by her sister.

"Geez.. Why so serious?" Blair sticked out her tongue to Clair, despite knowing she won't see a thing in the dark room. "Wow, I'm really missing out." Taking a sip of her drink and eating her popcorn before focusing on the movie.

An hour has past in the movie and Clair began to feel the pressure in her bladder building up, putting her leg up and started to fidget. "Oh, not now. It's already at the good bits." She mumbled.

Blair yawned as she took another sip of her drink, "Why does she even like to watch movies at night?" Grumbling under her teeth as she took a handful of popcorn and shoved it in her mouth.

Another half an hour has past into the movie, Clair began to feel it worsen, fidgeting non-stop in the dark room. "It's ending, I know it is!" She thought to herself, taking off her hoodie and balling it up and jamming it in between her legs hoping it would help. "Hey, you alright there?" Blair asked, leaning over to Clair, noticing that her sister is definitely in some discomfort.

"Hey.. You alright?" Blair asked again - no reply from Clair. She moved closer and placed her hand randomly on Clair, Clair jumped from her seat as she felt another hand pushing harder on her hoodie, feeling a small spurt leaving her body. "Oh.. I'm sorry." Blair quickly said, moving her hand away from her, still unsure what was the problem - does she have to use the bathroom or is she just having a stomachache? She thought to herself, shifting focus from the movie to her sister.

"Fin." The big screen in the room showed, lights brightened up and the credits began to roll. "Come on." Blair said, helping Clair up. She let out a soft scream, feeling her bladder sway, "Please.. Don't.." The redness on her face was now more clear with the brighter lighting in the room.

Clair moved around more in her seat, looking down at her hoodie between her legs. Blair sat down and waited for the crowds to spread at the exit doors, "If worse comes to worse..." Blair took out the cap of the empty large drink, "Y-You could do it here." Blushing slightly knowing how ridiculous of an idea that was.

Crowds began to disperse and time was running out for Clair. "You have two options. Do it in... that... Or going to the washroom and risk yourself getting..." Blair mumbled close to Clair, hoping for a quick reply. "I'm still fine." Clair blushes, looking at the empty drink, "That's crazy!" Slowly standing up and walking out of the seats and towards the door, with Blair next to her just to make sure she's okay.

Blair sighed and helped her shaky sister out of the cinema, "The cinema's washrooms must be full now from all the people, I can make it home." Clair lied through her teeth, walking in small but quick steps. "You're just out of you're mind aren't you?" Blair sighed, thinking of what else can be done to help Clair's discomfort.".

"Why are you still holding that..?" Clair asked softly, feeling weaker each step she took. "Precautions." Blair answered, worrying that she won't even make it back in time. "I-I can't hold it much longer.." Muttering softly to Blair, her legs fidgeting. "Hey hey not now!" Blair said in panic, they haven't crossed the road yet! "I'll carry you on my back or something alright?" She said again, feeling the panic and confusion running inside her more. "I don-" Clair couldn't finished as Blair quickly lifted her up and carried her on her back across the road, "W-What are you doing?" She blushed, hiding her face in Blair's back, feeling a small leak leave her again.

Clair dropped off Blair's back, shaking more than before. "I'm sorry.. I just thought it was the right thing to do." Blair apologized for panicking, despite knowing Clair won't reply, so she quickly helped her walk slowly back home.

"I.. I really can't hold it anymore.." Clair mumbled, seeing that their home isn't far. "I guess this is it." Blair said seriously, passing her the empty cup. "No! Just n-no.." Shaking and fidgeting, feeling another spurt leave her. "Fine." Blushing bright red as she took it from Blair's hand, feeling a leak - but it was more constant.

"I'm so sorry!" Clair said, covering her crotch trying to stop the liquid flowing out but to no avail, feeling it flow down her legs and onto the floor, making a growing puddle under her. Blair stood rooted, watching her sister pee herself.

After Clair completely soaked herself, she teared up and couldn't look at Blair in the eye. Blair kept quiet, hugging her sister close to her, and brought her back home. "How am I going to explain this?" Clair asked worriedly, "I got it covered for you." Blair smiled, as they reached home and opened the door.

(I would like to try to start to make fiction stories more often, but I'm still not very good at it. Feedback would greatly appreciated. Thanks~ :) )

