Teen Titans

Author: heimdal

*000*2013-02-05 00:52

First attempt at a fanfiction, it's a little long but I prefer stories with more of a buildup, plus I'm a big justice league fan (although this is on Teen Titans, they're in the same comic universe)

Beast boy sat on the cold floor of the tiny cell wondering how on earth they had managed to get themselves into such a ridiculous predicament. In principle it had been a simple assignment; the justice league had their hands full with some scheme of Lex Luthors, when they received a distress signal from Atlantis. Since the Teen Titans had visited the city before, Batman suggested that they be allowed to handle it. The Titans had been pretty damn excited when Bats and Wonder Woman showed up that morning at their base with a mission assignment. Beast Boy had quickly chugged the remainder of his coffee (he really needed to cut back on that) and boarded the sub with his friends; he could have just gone as a dolphin or something, but why waste an opportunity to bug the hell out of Raven in an hour of forced captivity.

The ride there went off without a hitch, although he did begin to feel the bladder pounding effects of the coffee (he tried to remember if he had used the bathroom since last night's gaming and Pepsi chugging session with Cyborg, he didn't think he had). They arrived and found...absolutely nothing wrong, Aqua Lad had met them (guess his dad's too cool for us, Beast Boy thought sourly), and seemed genuinely surprised at their arrival. As they talked, Beast Boy felt a much stronger pang in his bladder (damn it had been a looong time since he had gone), but what was he gonna do, tell Aqua Lad he needed to go potty? Hell no, especially not in front of Raven and Starfire. Besides, he had never had an accident in his life, one of the perks of being able to turn into a dog and let go at any tree of his convenience (well, he supposed he HAD wet the bed once when he was 12...but the hand in warm water trick hardly counted.)

Anyway they were just about to leave when they were suddenly attacked on all sides by weird fish monster things, which was totally fine, but when Green Lantern nemesis Sinestro showed up, things got a bit dicey; apparently they had been expecting some members of the justice league to answer the fake distress call, well sucks to be them...no wait, sucks to be me he thought as he morphed into a cheetah to avoid Sinestro's ridiculous ring blast things. Of course, he was so busy looking up he didn't see the wall as he ran full force into it.

The first thing he felt after that was an intense urge to pee, he said to himself just go man, he relaxed, and suddenly woke up on the verge of wetting himself for the first time in his life. He muttered a curse word, and pulled back hard on his bladder, preventing any leakage (had he? he felt a little damp but it had to be sweat). After waking up a little more, he realized that both his hands were bound and some weird collar was clamped around his neck. After managing to sit himself up he saw Starfire (still out cold), and Raven (meditating, although she seemed unable to levitate), in the cell with him, all bound and with identical weird neck collars. As if reading his mind Raven muttered "they seem to prevent us from using our powers."

As Beast Boy processed this he became aware that his bladder was yelling, no SCREAMING at him for sweet release. For the first time in the 14 year olds life, he began to worry; not about being trapped in a cell, he was sure they would be rescued eventually, presumably by the Justice League when they didn't report back...no, he was worried about being trapped in a cell with two girls (who were both pretty cute in their own ways) on the verge of an incredibly embarrassing situation. Ok man, he thought, just take a deep breath, you're 14 for cryin out loud, you can probably hold it for days, just chill and focus on something else. He looked around (it was pitch black in the cell, he could only see things because of incredible night vision, which seemed unaffected by the necklace things.

That is when he noticed the slow steady drip of water coming from the far side of the cell (well, they were underwater). He gritted his teeth and tried to drown it out, but couldn't seem to focus on anything but the drip and his tortured bladder. He couldn't even move his hands to press down on his bladder, so instead he tried to bring his knees up into his crotch, getting into a semi-fetal position (he hoped to God that Raven couldn't see, he didn't think that she could). I feel like I'm 5 years old here, curling up trying not to go to the bathroom in my pants he thought as another spasm hit him. He would give every penny in the bank (not that he had much) to be able to turn into a dog, or ANY animal for that matter, so he could shred his pants and let it out.

As if to add insult to injury he was wearing his favorite boxers, warm hand knitted ones from Starfire last Christmas (he reflected for a moment on how strange a gift it was, but then again she was from another planet).As he was thinking of Starfire another spasm hit him, and this time (to his absolute horror), he felt a brief warm sensation flare down there...yup, it was definitely damp now, and this time he was pretty sure it wasn't sweat. Now he was shaking slightly, he had seen someone have an accident before, and he knew it made a loud hissing sound...no way THAT would slip by Raven.

Starfire began to stir and his panic mounted. Oh God oh God oh God, I'm about to pee in my pants in front of Raven and Starfire. He suddenly had an idea, maybe if I release it slowly now, on purpose, it won't hiss and go everywhere. He stopped for a moment, holy crap, I'm actually considering peeing in my pants on purpose, but the alternative...Starfire was sitting up now and Beast Boy decided to act; praying he could pull it off he began to relax and let go.

To his amazement, despite how badly he needed to go, the pee didn't want to come out at first (guess undoing 14 years of potty training isn't easy) then he felt liquid slowly climbing up his dick, he could feel the liquid hover for a moment at the tip , before it finally spilled out into his boxers. Every time the stream would pick up speed, he would reel it back in a bit. It didn't even hurt, any sense of pain was vastly overshadowed by the overwhelming relief he felt at letting go. Starfire and Raven were chatting now, completely oblivious to the fact that Beast Boy was letting out a massive amount of urine into his pants not 10 feet away.

When he was done he had another worry (there was a pretty massive puddle underneath him), but at least it didn't smell too bad, he doubted Starfire and Raven could smell it. He worried about one of the girls coming over but didn't need to, they all stayed put for several hours until suddenly the roof unexpectedly seemed to cave in, plunging them into freezing water for just a second, until a familiar green bubble enveloped all three of them. As Green Lantern lifted them out of there (he could see Superman standing over an unconscious Sinestro over in the non-submerged part of town) he could not believe his luck, they were all soaked, and nobody was any the wiser to his embarrassing predicament. He was heckling Raven again on the way home in the sub, when she murmered,

"thank God Lantern got us out of there when he did, you really reeked up the place, next time try to hit the bathroom BEFORE the mission..."

For as green as his skin was, even that couldn't completely hide the shade of red coloring his face for the rest of the trip back.

