The Pop Star Half Neko (sameo15's world of anthros)

Author: sameo15

*000*2014-07-19 21:02

The following is a short story about a world I created with anthros in it. This world that I created with anthros is an original idea by me(as far as I know, anyway). Please enjoy. I may do another short story like this in the future.

Also, there will be no omo here. Sorry. Maybe another time.

A few hundred years ago, anthros were created by a mad scientist who was lonely and decided to combine the DNA of a girl with that of a fox. Thus, the first anthro was born. Since than, they were refined and made with the purpose of an actual pet. Meaning, for love and affection and breeding, as well as, other, sexual needs. But their primary purpose is to love and care for their Owners. They grow up at the same pace as humans, but around 18 they start aging slowly.

Their average life span is about 40, but even at that age they look about 25, if you take good care of them, anyway. They come in five different kinds of anthros, cat, dog, fox ,bunny and red panda, with each having several different breeds, some rarer than others. But fifty years after the first anthro was created, and after over a million of them were created, the scientist destroyed the machine and offed himself, afraid that people could figure out to use his machine to create soldiers instead of harmless pets who just wanted to be loved.

That was almost two hundred years ago and people had to breed anthros in order to get new ones. There were also male anthros, but those are only for breeding, with a few ultra rare exceptions. Some would say this was slavery, but these anthros were rarely as smart as humans were(though there were some rare cases in which they were) and 99% of them didn't want to be free. Those that did were just abused too much and they secretly wanted an actual owner that would care about them.

Naturally, of course, their was bound to be offspring from these "pets" but it was rare and it only seemed to happened when the couple loved each other and in most cases, married. The offspring of these couples only had ears and tails, depending on their sex. The males were as normal as any normal boy. The girls, however, sometimes had the ears and tail of whatever anthro their mother was. Those who did, were pretty much anthro without a full coat. Meaning, even though they were raised to be free, they to craved a Master, though some were either in denial or didn't know that they wanted one yet. It honestly deepened on the species on how willing they were and how ready there were to be pets.

Which brings us to John Aveo and his girlfriend Kelly Lavender, with Kelly being a half neko with white fur on her tail and ears, who were both 16. Normally half anthros were hated, but not in this school. They were more or less popular. There were only five or six of them, and each of them were sought after. But Kelly was even more popular than most, becuase she could sing and she was recently signed to a record label. Her debut album would be coming out in six months.

But in all honesty, Kelly only did it becuase her boyfriend of three years John said she should. She was already incredibly loyal John and some would joke that they were a Master/Pet couple, which they would be if it weren't for the fact that the law required for both of them to be over 18. The way Kelly saw it, John already was her Master. Her Mother was pleased with this, but her father was naturally concerned, since half anthros are known to be taken advantage of. But John would never do such a thing, as he was a nice guy. In fact, he couldn't believe that he was dating her, based on how popular she was and that he was so sure she would be on the mainstream radio, even if he never listened to it. He was more of a Alt. listener.

And he was right. Six months later, she was more or less a celebrity. And John was known a bit in the music world too, since he wrote all her songs, since Kelly had no talent for that, while he did. But even though Kelly was now famous, nothing changed. She never made any public appearances and didn't use all of her money. Her life was the same. Minus all the kids in school wanting her autograph and the paparazzi disrupting her dates with John. That part she didn't like. But if it made John happy, then so be it.

John wasn't a big fan of that either, and he seemed to have a bit less time with Kelly to himself, but he knew this was coming. He just wanted everyone to hear Kelly's beautiful voice. And to hear his good lyrics, as he wanted to be a write one day. And this made him already a little known, which would help him, even if only a little, in the long run.

Two years later, John and Kelly were now an official Pet/Master couple and Kelly released another album, which was also a huge hit. Also within this time, a pop group full of anthros came out and were really popular as well. However, despite both the group of half anthros known as Happy Animals and Kelly being the only famous half anthro artists, they didn't like each other, becuase they were against being pets, but Kelly obviously didn't since she openly wore her collar in public. But Kelly didn't really care too much, since she really wasn't into all of this. She was mostly just using the money to pay for collage. John didn't need the money either since his parents were rich, so he was good.

Three years later, the group known as Happy Animals died out since their main group leader left becuase she fell in love and became a pet, which made the group kick her out. The group was still around, but never mainstream again, while that girl who left became even more popular then Kelly, who had released two albums, but weren't as popular as her first. She then bowed out of the pop scene a year later once she got married and was pregnant, releasing a "Best of" to finish off her career, letting the half anthro, who was a Red Panda named Crystal, take over.

Nine months later, a little girl with white neko ears was born to Kelly and John Aveo. She was named Sabrina.

The End

I hoped you guys liked this short look into a brief idea that I had in my head for a while. I am happy I finally got it out.

