Anything to Confess? - Page 15

*350*2021-11-18 19:09

Chapter 192

Liam

I had no idea getting a small baby cleaned and dressed could take so long! Thinking it’s just a case of changing a nappy and clothes I check the room for anything lying about and get both our bags sorted while Megan takes Yasmin into the bathroom with the baby change bag. I hear water running and glance in seeing her washing the baby in the sink.

“Everything ok?”

“I’ll be with you as soon as possible honey. There was no way I could just clean her up with wipes so I’m just washing her quickly then I’ll get her dressed.”

“We don’t have long! Did you hear the announcement about asking all foot passengers to get onto the deck for disembarking? We need to hurry!”

I hand Megan a towel for the baby as she lies her on the floor to dry quickly before putting a fresh nappy on her. I have the bags all sitting and the coats ready on the bed but I can feel my anxiety increasing with every minute.

“Liam can you get me some clothes for Yasmin out of my backpack please.”

I run over to Megan’s backpack and quickly unzip it.

“Can’t you just put that all in one thing back on her for speed? We don’t have time to spare!”

“It’s dirty Liam! And I’m going as fast as I can ok!”

I grunt as I pull out piles of Megan’s clothes from her bag as I shout back.

“Fuck Megan why did you put the baby’s stuff at the bottom of the bag!”

“Because it’s better there. Have you found anything?”

“This ok?”

I hold a pair of tiny leggings and a long sleeved top up for Megan to see in the still wedged open bathroom.

“That’ll need to do. Is there a vest there? It looks like the baby grows she wears for bed but without legs. Yes that’s them. Thanks honey.”

I angrily repack the backpack again, not caring where anything goes as long as it gets in, then I get my coat on and push the buggy over to the door that leads inside the ferry. Using the buggy to hold the door open I return to Megan, picking up Yasmin quickly and putting her in the car seat.

“She needs her coat still Liam.”

“Fuck. Hurry up honey. Gareth will be waiting for us!”

“I’m going as fast as I can Liam!”

I put the little coat on the baby and fiddle about strapping her into the car seat on top of the buggy as Megan puts her own coat on looking around the room, presumably checking she’s not forgotten anything, then slides her backpack on her bag and puts the baby changing bag in the buggy basket under the baby.

“Sorry about that Liam. Crap timing…literally!”

I don’t reply but I push the buggy quickly out the cabin, assuming Megan is with me as I follow the signs for the exit as another tannoy announcement blasts throughout the ferry loudly. Yasmin is crying, Megan is running to keep up behind me, and my heart rate is soaring. In the distance I see a long queue of passengers lined up waiting to get off as we join the back of them and I finally start to calm.

“We haven’t even docked yet Liam. Are you ok?”

“I hate being the last in line Megan. I feel much better when I’m near the front.”

Megan rubs my back affectionately as I look down the line stressing that somehow we might not get off.

There’s a bump as presumably we finally dock as I hear the car port being lowered and attached to the ferry slip. At last the foot passengers are allowed off and we disembark to more announcements making Yasmin cry even louder. As we walk off the ferry and onto dry land I feel my stress levels increasing again as I have no idea where Gareth is. We walk down a covered tunnel and through a waiting area where people are already waiting for the ferry returning to Ireland. For a moment I wish that was me as seeing a ‘Welcome to England’ sign facing me makes me feel physically sick.

Although I know the likelihood of seeing Lauren Bennet is almost nonexistent thoughts of her are synonymous with being at the port as the last time I was here I was running away from her having stolen her car and most of it’s contents. I see a lone police officer and physically jump which causes the buggy to startle making Yasmin cry even louder.

I need to find Gareth. I need to get away from this port and the police. The memories are all too much. I want to see my aunt Ella, step into her warm house and hug her, and know I am finally safe.

&&

&&

&&

*351*2021-11-19 09:59

Chapter 193

Megan

I don’t know what’s come over Liam but his snapping and shouting worries me and reminds me so much of my mam. Maybe I should just have gone back home where it was familiar and comfortable, even if very painful and restricting at times? I can’t help my sister being dirty and needing washed and I’m doing it as quickly as I possibly can. Of course I heard the announcements but I can’t put a dirty baby in a buggy, especially not in smelly clothes! I bag the nappy and bin it and bag the clothes and put them in the changing bag. I know Yasmin is tired, confused, thirsty and out of routine but Liam’s shouting isn’t helping one bit.

Finally she’s clean as Liam picks her up abruptly and goes to put her in the buggy without even putting her coat on! I find myself getting frustrated with him, which I know is just making everything worse. I decide to keep quiet as I race after him through the ferry struggling to keep up. As I expected though we end up in a queue as I bite my tongue thinking all the stress really wasn’t necessary. I don’t know what’s changed in Liam but I hope that once we’re finally off the ferry and on our way to his aunt’s house that he returns to his cheery calm self.

Yasmin has cried ever since breakfast and the way Liam is pushing and jolting her and being so jumpy isn’t helping her calm at all. He whizzes through the waiting room as if he’s on a racecourse as I fall further and further behind. Finally I see him standing in the brisk morning sunshine breathing heavily looking around everywhere.

“Is your friend here?”

“I don’t bloody know do I? Sorry Megan. Just being here brings back awful memories. I do apologise.”

“It’s ok. Why don’t you try phoning him?”

Liam opens a side pocket on his hold-all and pulls out his phone just as it starts ringing. Yasmin stops crying on hearing it and her sobs become more whimpers as she watches Liam talking. I push the buggy back and forth gently to keep her settled as I guess it is Gareth on the phone.

“He’s in the multi-storey car park. Level 1, but he’s walking down to meet us. I said we’d make our way over and meet him half way.

I push the buggy this time as I follow Liam towards a concrete multi-storey car park nearby.

“This is where I left Lauren Bennett’s car the last time I was here.”

“I remember you telling me all about that. Just try and remember that that’s all over now. She’s not here, the car’s not here, and you are ok.”

“I still feel crap about what I did.”

“That’s because you are a kind, caring person Liam but you had your reasons and you’ve confessed it all to the police so there’s nothing more you can do. What does Gareth look like by the way?”

“Oh I forgot you haven’t met him yet. He’s taller than me, jet black thick hair, dark skinned and always smartly dressed. You can’t miss him.”

“Is that him with the black jacket on over there?”

“Yes! Told you you couldn’t miss him.”

Gareth waves towards us and as we meet he immediately offers to take my backpack from me, his English accent even stronger than Liam’s.

“So is this the lovely Megan I’ve heard so much about?”

I smile as Liam’s face reddens and he visibly looks more relaxed.

“Yes it is. Gareth this is Megan. Megan meet Gareth, the man who actually thought it wise to let me be his best man at his wedding.”

Gareth laughs, a lovely genuine trustworthy laugh that makes me warm to him instantly. He turns and looks at me as we wait for the lift to level 1 in the car park.

“Don’t let him fool you Megan. He never tied me to a lamp post naked or put me on a train to Scotland, and believe it or not he never even lost the rings, but the photos he had projected on the walls at the meal and the speech…well I’m lucky Matilda saw the funny side.”

Liam laughs. “That’s only because she was in on it”

As we step out the lift I notice Yasmin is captivated by Gareth, so much so that her eyes don’t stray from him and her crying has finally stopped.

I’m not sure what car I am heading to but already I am so thankful to this friend of Liam’s, not only for calming my boyfriend but for settling my baby sister too. I can easily see why his wife is attracted to him and even more so when he unlocks his Mercedes Benz with the push of a button, pulls the boot open for our luggage to go in while moving from foot to foot anxiously.

“I’m afraid we’ll need a quick detour first guys. I really need to find a toilet somewhere before we head to Chester.”

As I unclip the car seat from the buggy and fold it to put in the boot I can’t help watching the tall coloured man in expensive clothes with one hand in his trouser pocket tapping one leg against the other trying to hold his bladder. As I see the sparkle of a wedding ring on his finger as he lifts the buggy into the car I can’t help thinking how many prayers Father Reilly will give me the next time I’m at confession and mention fancying a married man!

*352*2021-11-19 17:31

Chapter 194

Liam

Seeing Gareth is like the rainbow after heavy rain. Ever since my high school days he’s been a stable in my life, my best friend, the man who has his life together and who understands me better than anyone. God I’ve missed him, even though we had a night out together just a few weeks ago! It feels like old times being back in England with him, though his clothes cost much more these days and his car is like something from a prestige showroom.

I climb in the front as he helps lifts the buggy and luggage in the boot as Megan straps the car seat firmly into the back and gets in beside her sister. I’m expecting Gareth to get in and drive but Megan suddenly climbs back out just before he closes the boot to get something. Eventually he gets in the driver’s seat and puts his belt on quickly. I have a burning question to ask as I need the reassurance, so before he’s even in reverse gear I blurt it out.

“Will you make it to Aunt Ella’s funeral tomorrow?”

“Yes of course I will silly! That’s why I’m here remember? Matilda is coming too. My mum is having the kids for us. They’re off for the holidays anyway and then on Tuesday we’re driving on to Yorkshire to the cottage. Weather’s meant to be great this week. My mum sends her apologies that she won’t make tomorrow as she’s got the kids. She was right fond of your aunt though and awful sad to hear what happened. Oh I need to get out this car park and onto the road. This first bit getting out the quay area and onto the A552 always takes forever! So how did you find the ferry over Megan? You ok back there?

Megan seems quiet and I really hope it’s not due to my earlier mood and anxiety as I look back to see her seeing to the baby. I wait for her to see me and whisper,

“You ok?”

She just nods as I turn back to face the front and talk to my best mate.

“So, you staying with your mum too?”

“Goodness it’s not the Tardis Liam! It’s a three bed semi in Upton mate. Nah we’re in the Double Tree by Hilton. Matilda’s loving the spa and the kids love the pool. Oh come on lights!”

I look over at Gareth as he looks uncharacteristically frustrated and stressed.

“You ok?”

“I really need a piss mate.”

Yasmin is silent and up until now Megan has been quiet too so I jump when I unexpectedly hear her voice behind me.

“I just saw a sign for Chester saying M53. I’m assuming they’ll be services on the motorway?”

As we sit at a red light I look away as my best mate rests a hand over his crotch as he replies to my girlfriend in the back.

“First ones, would you believe, are actually in Chester. That’s just over half an hour away and I’ll be sitting here in wet trousers by then.”

I turn back and look at Megan as I suddenly wonder if she’s silent because of Gareth. Has she noticed his squirming? Her face is flushed and I recognise the familiar glint in her eye. I wink at her and smile before turning back around. I wouldn’t normally ask but knowing my best mate’s plight might be turning my girlfriend on thrills and excites me so I look out the passenger window to avoid eye contact as I ask as casually as I can muster.

“You been needing to go long then?”

“Actually yes! I had a coffee at the Hilton when I left. Too early for breakfast but coffee in the room was enough. Then I brought a bottle of water with me as I didn’t know how long I’d be waiting. I stupidly finished that without thinking. I thought I’d better get there early enough to get parked but of course everywhere is closed unless you have a ticket for the damn ferry so I’ve been sitting waiting in my car getting more and more bursting until I saw the ferry and phoned you. I had planned to be down by the waiting room but I didn’t want you finding me pacing up and down or dancing about like a kid so just waited in my car. Oh finally we’re on the M53 at last! You guys don’t mind if I pull into the big Asda at Arrowe Park do you?”

I turn to look at Megan again as she smiles at me as her cheeks look as red as ever. She nods as I feel I should say something as Gareth is driving so won’t be able to see either of us nodding.

“Of course not. When you gotta go you gotta go. Been there many a time myself!”

“I just hope I can make it there on time to tell you the truth. I’m absolutely dying for a piss mate.”

All the talk of toilets is starting to make me feel the need to go too, though I’m nowhere near as bad as Gareth. When he pulls into the supermarket I think I’ll take the chance to go as well. The coffee at breakfast could do with coming out and it would make the rest of the journey much more comfortable.

“Gareth would it be ok if I came in with you? You don’t mind waiting in the car with Yasmin do you Liam? That tea with my breakfast is nagging at my bladder already.”

Well that’s my plans ruined! I’ll let Megan go and just run in when she comes out. That’ll be fine. I can easily wait that long.

*354*2021-11-20 09:27

{{5 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

I’ve really been enjoying the story, although I definitely wasn’t expecting Liam to be written like that in the last few chapters. I honestly didn’t see him as having the potential to be so short tempered and mean. Knocked down my love for him a little….ok, a lot actually.

}}

Stress and anxiety about returning to England I think is affecting him much more than he realises. Everyone has bad days and get stressed at times. With it being out of character maybe we’ll find out why soon…

*356*2021-11-20 11:11

Chapter 195

Megan

I can’t stop thinking of Gareth! Just the thought of him sitting in front of me in this really lavish car really needing to pee is turning me on such a lot. There’s something about the fact he’s clearly wearing expensive clothes, especially his smart faun trousers that would show off even the tiniest of leaks. His posh accent, the fact he’s driving right now so can’t even really fidget and the way he moved his legs while he put the buggy and luggage in the car boot. I feel like I am being disloyal to Liam but my body is responding in ways I can’t seem to control.

I stare at my baby sister as I give her some baby juice in a bottle. It’s a very rare treat that I’d picked up at Lidl before we left Bangor but I know that Yasmin will be thirsty having not had milk yet this morning properly and from the amount she’s been crying. She holds the bottle in her little hands as I steady it, her eyes so heavy that I expect her to close them any second. At least watching her means I don’t need to look at Liam. When he does turn to ask if I’m ok I can feel my face burning, party because what’s happening with Gareth is really turning me on and party embarrassment for the same reason! What would Liam think of me if he knew my inner thoughts right now? I know I am anything but a good Catholic that’s for sure!

I’m really unsure if it’s dampness in my knickers from being so aroused, or wether my tea from breakfast has filled my bladder already, but when Gareth mentions using the loo at an Asda store I decide quickly that I’d be better using the ladies too. I hope Liam doesn’t mind waiting in the car with Yasmin? I watch the road signs to try and distract my mind from Gareth, especially as what he’s now saying about waiting in the car for us while bursting to pee is making me even wetter and warmer. The second road sign has Arrowe Park mentioned on it so I imagine we’ll be there very soon. It’s actually even closer than I realise as Gareth indicates to leave the motorway at junction 3 and we head to a sprawling estate with a mix of retail, industrial and hospitality businesses as Gareth seems to know exactly how to get into the Asda supermarket I can see on my right hand side.

The car park seems unusually quiet as I suddenly remember just how early it still is as glancing at my watch I realise it’s not even 7:30am yet. Gareth pulls up just outside the store as I notice that Yasmin has finally given in and closed her eyes.

“Shit! I forgot it was Sunday. They don’t open until 10am. God there’s no way I can hold this until then! Fucking Sunday trading hours!”

“It’s even worse in Northern Ireland! Only large shops can open on a Sunday there and even then only from 1pm until 6!”

“And you think Ireland is great Liam? So what’ya meant to do if you run out of bog roll or milk or bread on a Sunday morning…or God forbid you are dying for a piss like I am right now?”

I know they are not really criticising my home land but I feel the need to defend it nonetheless.

“I guess people just plan better. You don’t really get a choice though.”

Gareth turns to look at me, his forehead creased, his lips pursed and his cheeks flushed. I can tell just from his facial expression that he’s really tense and desperate which causes my vagina to instantly warm and moisten. Giving him eye contact wasn’t such a good idea!

“Point taken Megan. Me and my bright idea of drinking water while I waited for the ferry. The thing is though I don’t think I can actually get back on that motorway and drive safely. I’m absolutely bursting and have been for ages!”

I deliberately look away from him as we sit outside the locked supermarket with the car engine still running. I have no idea where I am. I’ve never even been to England before but there must be somewhere open surely? A petrol station? A Starbucks or Costa, or even a McDonald’s nearby? I quietly suggest as much as Gareth sighs and squirms, clearly trying to think.

“Oh I think there’s a restaurant alone the road. Hungry Horse if I remember right? Liam said you’re Catholic Megan. Gonna pray they are open please so I don’t have an accident here?”

I smile to myself wondering, firstly what God would make of that prayer and, secondly wondering what saint I’d even pray to? I guess it would be, rather ironically, St. Jude, the patron saint of desperate situations. Thankfully Liam comes to my defence.

“She’s Catholic Gareth, not fucking God himself.”

I chuckle at that as Gareth reverses the car and heads out the car park and along a quiet road in the estate towards an older building that I can see is a restaurant by the advertisements outside. As Gareth parks again I notice that the doors are closed and the car park has only 3 others cars in it. Liam voices what I’m already thinking.

“Doesn’t look like this place is open either mate.”

“No way! What’s a guy meant to do when he’s dying for a slash and everywhere’s closed? I mean it guys I’m so desperate here I’m gonna make a puddle any minute!”

Liam looks at me in the internal mirror and I know from his eyes that he’s fully aware what this is doing to me. I slide my own hand between my legs instinctively which Liam sees and clearly interprets as the fact I’m just as desperate as his best mate.

“I think Megan really needs to go to. Want me to go see when they’re open?”

“Yes please!”

Liam gets out the Merc and I watch as he walks towards the main door of the restaurant as I listen to Gareth moaning.

“Oh it’s bad. I need a piss so bad.”

I feel I ought to encourage him somehow even though I’ve only just met him.

“I’m sure they’ll open soon. I hope so anyway.“

Gareth turns to look at me, catching me with a hand between my legs holding myself with my head down.

“You bursting too?”

I nod, though I know I can wait a bit longer if I have to. Thankfully I haven’t drunk nearly as much as Gareth has. I do feel incredibly turned on though and hearing Gareth squirming and moaning is only making that worse.

Liam opens the front passenger door and climbs back in, closing the door behind him, an action that indicates something that his best mate clearly isn’t impressed by.

“Not too long to wait Gareth. They open at 8.”

Gareth looks at the clock in his car as he I hear him squirming in the seat in front of me.

“But that’s another 23 minutes away!”

Liam turns to look at me in the back seat again as he smiles apologetically at me.

“You ok to wait.”

I smile back as he winks at me.

“Yeah. I come from a one bathroom family remember. Us Murphy’s are used to holding our bladders. 23 minutes isn’t that long really.”

“Speak for yourself Megan. It’s a fucking eternity for me right now. Fuck man I REALLY need a piss so bad!”:

*357*2021-11-20 15:49

Chapter 196

Liam

I could have been almost at my aunt’s house by now if it wasn’t for Gareth and his full bladder. Instead I’m sitting in the front of my mate’s Mercedes Benz on his luxurious leather seats listening to him moaning and telling the rest of us just how badly he needs to piss. I actually need to go myself, though I’m not bursting or anything, and I know Megan does too, though she’s just said she’s able to wait, at least until she can get to a ladies.

So we’re stuck here facing the front doors of a family restaurant on a Sunday morning on my first day back in England since my aunt died staring at, of all things, a huge advert for coffee! I’m 100% positive that isn’t helping Gareth one bit.

“How much longer now Liam? Oh God I need a piss man!”

“22 minutes.”

“No fucking way has it only been a minute! I’m seriously not joking about making a puddle!”

“Try not to think about it.”

“Are you for real? My dick is tingling like it’s on fire and my bladder is rock hard and sore and you tell me not to think about it? I haven’t been able to think of anything else for, I don’t know, probably about an hour now! I can’t even sit still let alone stop thinking about it.”

“Good job you don’t do Liam’s job. He has to hold his bladder all day at work, don’t you Liam?”

“Megan’s right. I finish my shift absolutely bursting every single day. There’s a couple of places I’ve found on some routes but some are just too public or too exposed so I just have to hold on. The relief when you finally get to go though is like nothing else. Had a good few close calls but pretty much make it most days.”

“How do you manage to last? Jesus Christ I’m ready to explode sitting here. Sorry if it’s too much information Megan but I’m fondling myself sitting here, pinching myself and squeezing my dick like crazy. I can’t remember ever having to go this bad. How much longer now. Oh fuck I really need to pee Liam! Tell me they’re about to open that door and let me in.”

“20 minutes to go. Sorry mate. You can do it. Just keep holding. How you doing Megan? You ok? Yasmin ok?”

“Yasmin’s asleep. I’m ok, thanks.I need a wee but I’m cool to wait. For a bit at least. At least I’ve got a bit of room back here. Must be so much harder with the steering wheel in the way.”

“Oh hurry up and open up. I think I’m gonna get out and walk about and see if that helps.”

“Do whatever you need to mate. You can do this. You don’t want to be going back to Matilda at the Double Tree with wet trousers now do you?”

“Do you think I could get away with pissing against the wall here? I’m aching to go so badly!”

“Gareth you can’t! What if someone pulls up for a coffee or a member of staff sees you?”

“Fuck fuck fuck I can feel it coming! Stay in piss! Not long now!”

I watch my very desperate mate get out the driver’s seat and pace up and down the wall in front of the car holding himself, bending forwards and crossing his legs. Just watching him is making my need increase as I turn to Megan in the back, who still has one hand between her own legs with a very flushed face. Now it’s just the two of us I can finally ask her what I’ve been itching to for ages. Keeping my voice low so Gareth doesn’t hear I wink at my sexy girlfriend and curiously ask,

“Is this turning you on?”

She nods and I can tell from her eyes, her body position, her quietness, that she’s probably very turned on and has been a while. I glance out to my mate outside who has his legs twisted and a hand holding between them tightly while his other hand leans on the wall to stop himself falling.

“He doesn’t usually make a spectacle of himself like this Megan. He’s actually a very well paid, responsible, and respectable business man. I’ve never seen him need a piss as bad as this.”

“Everyone has to pee Liam. Even the Queen. Doesn’t matter how much he earns or what he does for a living if you drink anything you have to eventually let it back out. It’s just unfortunate that Gareth hasn’t been able to find anywhere to go. He looks so desperate bless him, and while, yes, I won’t deny the fact I am enjoying seeing him squirming and talking about how badly he needs to wee I really hope he makes it. It’s not helping that I have to go too mind you.”

I can feel the familiar tingling in my crotch, my penis growing quickly again, my mouth drying suddenly as I look at my beautiful Megan with a hand between her legs sitting at an angle watching my best mate. I feel absolutely shit at how I spoke to her on the ferry just before we got off and guilt is washing over me as my love for her overwhelms me.

“I really am sorry about the ferry MeganI should never have spoken to you as I did.”

“Are you ok? Did I do anything?”

“It honestly wasn’t you honey and, as I say, I really am sorry. The thing is there was this incident when I was about 7 when my mum decided one Saturday to take me to Rhyl for a day trip on a train. It was summer and the train was packed and somehow mum got off but I didn’t get off in time before the doors closed. I think I was picking up a toy I had dropped or something and didn’t realise the train would leave. I was just a kid. I ended up screaming and crying and someone got me off at the next station miles away but it was before mobile phones were so common and the police were called. I was absolutely terrified and ever since then I always panic about being left on transport. I didn’t mean to take it out on you.”

“That sounds awful. I’m so sorry. Liam, I really don’t think Gareth can hold on any longer. Look!”

I turn to look at my best mate who is hobbling back towards his car frantically marching on the spot holding himself tightly, his face tense and stressed. We both watch as he opens the drivers door and bends down awkwardly to put his head in the car.

“How much longer Liam?

“8 minutes.”

“I can’t wait that long! Oh shit! Guys please look away!”

I look back to Megan as she looks at me as we both hear a trouser fly zip opening followed immediately by the sound of Gareth peeing as I assume he’s aiming under the car as we both smile hearing him sigh and whisper to himself.

“Oh at last! That’s much better!”

While I can’t see my mate what I can see makes me so happy as I watch Megan’s eyes light up as she wriggles on the car seat with one hand still between her legs. I’m pretty sure it’s not from her need to pee though and I’m glad Gareth is so consumed by his own issues as I smile at my girlfriend longing to kiss her.

*358*2021-11-21 09:48

Chapter 197

Megan

Even though Liam is talking to me I can’t help but stare out the front windscreen at Gareth. Watching his pacing, squirming, and constant moving is so erotic as my mind spins with thoughts of lust, immorality and guilt. I don’t want to cheat on Liam, I love him dearly, but I can’t help the fact that Gareth is currently pushing all my buttons and driving me wild. Combined with my own desire to pee I can feel my underpants getting damp and my body pulsating as I hold between my legs as if trying to hide how wet I am there. To try and combat the guilt I try to imagine Gareth as Liam, which thankfully isn’t hard to do as I’ve seen him every bit as desperate lots before.

I am listening to my boyfriend on one level whilst my imagination is sending my body on a high speed plane to erotica as I try not to show how close I am to sexual climax in the back of Gareth’s car. I need to calm down! I need to stop, but yet my eyes are totally fixated on Gareth and I can’t draw them away. I hear Liam apologising as I somehow manage to momentarily look at him in sympathy as he explains about a childhood trauma that I know must still be affecting him. Of course I forgive him, he’s only human and he’s very much still heavily grieving so it’s no wonder he’s angry and stressed and upset. 

But regardless how much empathy I have for him my hard nipples, my warm vagina, my rock hard clitoris, all compel me to divert my attention back to Gareth who I sense is about to burst any second. The poor man is beside himself, his movements more jagged and fast, his face more contorted and stressed. As he hobbles towards us I gasp quietly as I long to rock against my own hand. There’s still 8 minutes until the restaurant opens and I know already that Gareth will never ever last that long. I push hard against my own palm as I sit sideways on the leather seat, my seatbelt off and my skirt scrunched between my legs.

I am almost having an orgasm as Gareth shouts at us not to look at him. Instead I force myself to look at my boyfriend as his eyes sparkle in lust and his cheeks are flushed. He knows exactly what’s going on for me and suddenly staring at him makes me want him so much. Looking at the cute curl in his hair where he let it dry naturally after the shower, his deep brown eyes that draw me and the way his mouth turns when I know he’s aroused makes me realise that while Gareth has made me horny with his squirming and all his voicing of how desperate he is to piss I ultimately only have eyes for one man, I only really want to fuck Liam regardless how cute Gareth looks in his branded clothes that cost more than I earn in a month.

We both know what Gareth is doing, the noise obvious and his sighs and words telling. While I force myself to try to sit as still as possible, very aware I am wriggling in small circular movements that I can’t stop, in the silence that is only broken by the sound of urine gushing out of Gareth and pooling under the car I smile shyly at Liam while my throbbing wet vagina pulses between my legs throbbing rhythmically against my hand. I can’t climax here! I absolutely can’t!

Finally Gareth stands up as we hear him zip himself back up and he climbs in the car.

“Really sorry about that guys. God that feels so much better! So..do you want to go inside for a coffee or anything when they open or would you prefer I drop you at your aunt’s?”

Liam, who has turned his body again to face forwards now Gareth is back in the car, turns to see me again.

“I’m ok to head straight to Chester if that’s ok with you? We can go in for a coffee or tea if you’d prefer though? I know you said you wanted the loo earlier.”

I did want to pee earlier but now as I try to calm from being so aroused that need has subsided considerably and as I look over at Yasmin sleeping in her car seat I think it would be easier all round if we headed to Chester right away.

“Chester is fine by me. I can use the toilet when we get there. It’s not urgent.”

“Right Chester it is. Apologies again for delaying you both.”

The engine starts and I clip my seatbelt back on as Gareth reverses out the parking space and through the almost empty car park, past the entrance to Asda and back onto the motorway. The rest of the journey I try my best to relax, watching the scenery out the window and thinking of my family back home. In just a couple of hours they’ll be heading to chapel, expecting me to be there no doubt, as I always am, and assuming I’ll come back home with them and forget I ever left. I wonder how Theresa is getting on in Belfast, how Niamh and Iain are doing at university, if Aisling’s bump is any more noticeable yet and if her sickness has finally stopped now she’s on tablets from the doctor. I then think of Anthony and Rory at home wondering who will make their breakfast and if mam is well enough for chapel. Has dad told any of them I am in England? Did he believe me when I told him that’s where I was going?

Before I know it we’ve pulled off the motorway and we seem to be following signs for Chester city centre as the houses are in total contrast to Bangor and I feel like I’ve suddenly been transported to an entirely different world. Gareth appears to know exactly where he’s going as the streets narrow and he has to keep stopping at traffic lights. I assume we aren’t far from Liam’s aunt’s house now as Gareth indicates to go down an even narrower street of Victorian terraces as he slows down even more as if looking for somewhere to pull in.

“Number 20 isn’t it?”

“Well remembered.”

“Some things just stick in your mind eh.”

“That’s true. That’s us here Megan. It’s just a couple of door up. Do you want to put the car seat on the buggy or just carry the seat in?”

“Yasmin is still asleep. I think I’ll carry her in still in her seat if that’s ok.”

“I’ll help you Megan. Here Matilda asked me to give you this before I forget. Actually she asked me to pick up some food for you both but we both forgot about it being Sunday and the shops being shut until 10. When her mum died a couple of years ago she said everyone gets you flowers but what you really need is more practical stuff so she said this is in leu of flowers. Hope that’s ok.”

I look at what he hands me as I unclip Yasmin’s seat and then look at him in shock.

“Thank you so much. That’s extremely kind of you.”

“We’ve got two kids ourselves. These chairs get right heavy with a baby in. Let me help.”

Gareth carries the car seat in while he presses a button to open his boot. Liam picks up his hold-all while putting my backpack on his shoulder and then pulling out the folded buggy leaving me to carry the baby changing bag and a Lidl bag. As I stand on the front step of Liam’s aunt’s I feel nervous, excited and I suddenly need to pee again too. Liam unlocks the door, pushing it open against two weeks worth of post as the three of us walk right into Liam’s aunt Ella’s living room as I put the bags down and try to take in my new home for the next few days.

It really couldn’t be more different to the Bloomfield estate back in Bangor in every way.

*360*2021-11-21 16:15

Chapter 198

Liam

The closer we get to Chester the more emotional I feel just thinking of walking into my aunt’s house and her not being there. My eyes sting with the reality that I’ll never again see her as the car is quiet with all three of us consumed with our own thoughts. Passing the cut off for Upton where I lived in so many different flats with my mum just adds to my memories as I wonder how she is doing in hospital in Spain and wether she’ll ever get the kidney transplant she so desperately needs. She hated Chester and couldn’t leave quick enough, telling me for years though that I was still better off here even though she detested the place. I never could see her logic in that one.

As signs for Hoole and the city centre point to the next exit I swallow a lump in my throat as I stare out the window wishing I was back in my small flat in Bangor. A sign at a large roundabout only increases my anxiety as I see the words ‘Queens Park’ and images of Lauren Bennett and her posh detached house with its private garden leading to the river Dee come to mind. Has she heard about my aunt? Will she dare to come to her funeral tomorrow? Surely even she wouldn’t be so cunning and underhanded to do that? The last person I ever want Megan to meet is her…or her parents!

As is normal in Westminster Street parking is a nightmare, but thankfully Gareth pulls the Merc, which incidentally doesn’t look out of place at all in this area, just a few doors up from my aunt’s. I assume Derek returned the key to the secret hiding place but as I have my own I decide to check that later. Standing on the front step takes me right back 16 years ago when my mum stood with me here for the last time. Placing the bags and buggy down so I have both hands free I dig out my keys and put the all too familiar silver key into the lock and turn it. The door feels heavier than I remember but then I see that I’m pushing against a small pile of post as I realise no-one has been in the property since the day Derek found my aunt exactly two weeks ago to the day. I shiver at that thought then pick up the bags and walk in, Gareth with the baby and Megan behind me.

“Well I’ll leave you both to it. Sorry I held you both up again. See you tomorrow at Ebenezer Baptist.”

I hug my best mate as he opens the front door and heads back to his hotel to his wife and children. As I close the door I turn and look at Megan as she’s standing right in the middle of the cosy living room looking around.

“Want me to show you around? God it feels weird being back here, especially without my aunt here.”

Megan nods so I take her hand and lead her through into the dining room where there’s stairs to the upstairs and then on through to the kitchen where she can see through the patio doors out to my aunt Ella’s back yard, which is paved and stoned but which my aunt has made lovely and colourful with potted plants. I take her up the carpeted stairs to the toilet above the kitchen, then the small single room that was my room for so many years, and then into my aunt’s large double bedroom. As I stand at the doorway to my aunt’s room I can’t help the tears that fall easily down my cheeks as I hold Megan close as I notice my dear aunt’s Bible lying open on her bedside table and her duvet still open from when she was last here. It’s like she’s only downstairs making a cup of tea or nipped to the shops as reminders of her are everywhere.

“Would you rather go back downstairs?”

In between tears I nod as my girlfriend holds me in her arms as I turn to face the open bathroom as Megan pulls away and takes my hand to lead me back down to the front room. As I look into my old bedroom as I pass I pause taking a step closer to the door as Megan patiently waits still holding my hand.

“Do you want to go in?”

“Yes. If that’s ok?”

“Of course it is Liam. It’s your bedroom isn’t it? Your things? If it’s ok though I’ll just use the toilet then I’ll join you. I would actually love to see your old bedroom here.”

I let her go as she walks towards the open bathroom right ahead of us as I walk into my old bedroom which is more or less how I left it when I was last here other than a couple of boxes of things my aunt has clearly tidied away but never did get time to get rid of before she died. I open my built in wardrobe and gasp at seeing so many familiar clothes I haven’t seen in months and trainers and shoes neatly sitting in rows beneath them. I close the wardrobe and open the drawers near the end of the bed finding drawers full of socks and underwear and even swimming trunks that I’d forgotten I even had. I glance at the shelves of books and football tournament regalia and trophies and remember getting every single one of them.

It’s like I have returned to an old life yet I’m someone completely different now. It’s emotional and unsettling but more than anything it’s distressing to be here when my aunt Ella isn’t. Even though this place was my home for so many years, a haven whenever Lauren up and went abroad without any notice or I fell out with her or we were both too busy, now it feels so strange and uncomfortable. It lacks the personality, the life and love that my aunt gave it.

It lacks her, and that breaks my heart so much.

*361*2021-11-22 09:20

Chapter 199

Megan

I had no idea houses like this even existed! It’s immaculate, spacious, and yet homely and personal all at the same time. When Liam guides me around I am in awe at everything. A dining room? I’ve never even ever eaten in one of those. The compact square cottage style kitchen with it’s colourful toaster, kettle and coffee machine is so clean and show home like that I’m waiting for an estate agent to tell me when it was fitted and where the dish washer is. The double patio doors leading to the back garden makes my garden back home look like a tip with its neat slabs and red stoned areas interspersed with colourful bright plants. It’s not a garden area for children yet it still feels full of love and clearly treasured.

Upstairs seeing the open bathroom reminds me how much I need to pee but then

Liam points out his old room and his aunt’s room. Looking into his aunt’s bright spacious bedroom right onto the bed in front of us it’s obvious someone was lying in the bed recently as the duvet is slung open and the under sheet crinkled. I suddenly recall Liam saying that his poor aunt was found dead in her bed and I look at Liam crying wanting to immediately take him away and back to Bangor. I know how difficult it was seeing my own mam’s bed after she was rushed to hospital so I sympathise greatly with Liam and do the only thing I can and hold him. I really need to pee but now isn’t the time as my boyfriend sobs into my shoulder quietly as we stand holding each other for support.

I suggest going back downstairs not just to help Liam to get more composed but because I don’t want Yasmin waking wondering where I am. I leave Liam to look around his old room as I use the toilet, wash my hands and return to him, putting my arms around him from behind and making him jump.

“I didn’t mean to give you a fright honey.”

He turns putting his arm around me and showing me a photo.

“It’s me and my mum. Think I must have been about 7 when that was taken. It was just after my birthday that year when we went to Wales on a day trip.”

I’m remembering his earlier memory of being left in a train.

“Was that around the same age as when you got left in the train?”

“The very same year! Everyone thinks of Chester as being in England, which it is, but it’s also one of the closest cities to Wales and many of the trains are actually run by Welsh companies. Mum used to love taking me on the train to Wales to the beach but after the time I accidentally got left in the train I was so anxious she said it was too stressful. This was probably the last time I ever went to the beach as a child. I remember mum asking a random stranger to take this photo of us both.”

“I still can’t believe your mam left you. I mean my mam is sick, has been for years, and my dad…well you’ve met him…but they wouldn’t abandon their own kids.”

“What about Yasmin?”

“They think they’re doing the right thing, I guess. They probably think someone else can do better than they can with her having Downs.”

Liam looks again at the photo in his hand.

“I expect my mum thought the same. I was about to sit my exams the year after she left and looking back I think she thought aunt Ella could do a better job than she could. I adore my aunt Megan but nothing beats being with your own mum.”

“I know. I think that’s why I stayed home when my siblings left. My mam and I never got on but at the end of the day she’s still my mam. She still carried me for 9 months, gave birth to me and did her best to raise me even though I made her so ill. I guess your mam at least left you with someone you knew, someone who loved you already, someone who she knew would never left you down. To me that’s different from putting your own child into care, handing them to complete strangers who don’t know them and severing all contact. I don’t think I’ll ever forgive my parents for even thinking that let alone wanting to do it to their own baby. I’ll still always love them but I won’t trust them or forgive them. Talking of Yasmin, I’d better get down and see if she’s ok. The poor baby won’t know where she is when she wakes.”

“Ok, I’ll be down shortly.”

“Fancy a tea or coffee?”

“Oh that would be lovely…oh there won’t be any milk will there? There’s a Sainsburies local just around the corner. What time is it? “

“Just gone 20 to 9”

“Drat. It won’t be open yet. Do you reckon it’s too early to knock next door and see if they can spare us some?”

“Probably. Though my family would all be up to get ready for chapel by now.”

“I’ll go try. Jim and Sandy are brilliant. I can’t wait for you to meet them.”

Liam follows me downstairs, the photo still in his hand.

“Oh I’ve got a funny story to tell you about Jim and Sandy and my aunt Ella. She assumed they were brothers living together then one day Sandy told her he was getting married. She congratulated him and went to work. When she came home she saw Jim and he happened to tell her he was getting married too. Aunt Ella, as naive as ever, commenting to him that it was amazing they’d both found someone and got engaged at the same time. You should have seen her face apparently when Jim looked at her strangely and told her they were both engaged..to each other. 

Jim and Sandy still laugh about it. My poor aunt had no idea they were gay. Sums up my aunt really, though she did actually go to their wedding which really surprised me as she always came across as someone who would see being gay as not in the Bible or something. I suppose she was willing to swallow her pride because she cared about them both, which was a true testament to how lovely she was. But come on…two men living together and both engaged…hilarious! You put the kettle on and I’ll see if they have milk to spare. Be right back!”

I check Yasmin is still asleep in her car seat then make my way through the dining room into the kitchen as I fill the bright red kettle with water and switch it on, opening cupboards to find tea or coffee and mugs.

I smile thinking of the story Liam just shared about the neighbours wondering what my own Catholic parents would make of a gay couple next door. Thankfully I don’t need to worry about that right now, though I still miss them all dearly and wonder how everyone is back in Bangor.

*362*2021-11-22 14:44

Chapter 200

Liam

Seeing my room fills me with so much emotion, from the blue and white striped duvet on the single bed that Aunt Ella bought me to match the colours of Chester football club that I followed rigorously for years, to seeing my old PC that I saved up for for months in my late teens, to opening the wardrobe and seeing all my familiar clothes and shoes. However, the one thing that jumps out most of all is a photo on my old desk by my PC taken on a beach in North Wales when I was about 7. My mum is smiling with her arm around me looking on proudly at the big castle I have built with sand including a moat and shells to decorate it. I have this sudden flashback to her telling me to breathe deeply and put my head between my knees as we went on the train and I had ,what I now know was a panic attack, terrified I would get left on the train again.

Yet none of that is obvious in the photo and all I see now many years later is my mum looking happy and a 7 year old me looking proud as anything with his creation. I show the photo to Megan and tell her briefly about the day trip with my arm around her before she reminds me that Yasmin is downstairs sleeping and she, naturally, wants to be there when she wakes. She mentions making tea and I realise that the shops still aren’t open but wonder if Jim and Sandy might have milk I can borrow and replace later when Sainsburies opens. Thinking of them reminds me of the time Jim told me when they got engaged and how my aunt actually thought they both had girlfriends. We all laughted at that for such a long time. I tell Megan as we walk downstairs and I walk through the lounge to head next door.

Sandy answers the door still in his pyjamas as he hugs me openly saying how sorry he is about Ella and how much they already miss her. I explain about just arriving from Ireland with my girlfriend and her baby sister on the ferry and ask if they have any spare milk I can borrow to get us some tea. Sandy returns with an unopened 2 pint carton asking if I need anything else. Before going I double check they know about the funeral tomorrow but he solemnly nods saying quietly that they will both be there and how sorry they are to hear of Ella’s passing. I nod and quietly return next door to find Yasmin no longer in her car seat but instead in Megan’s arms in the small kitchen.

I give Megan the milk and offer to take the baby. Holding Yasmin doesn’t feel awkward any more as I hold her close snd tell her that this is my aunt’s house where she’s staying for most of the week. I watch as Megan makes us both tea and puts some milk into a baby bottle for her sister. Once again I’m in awe at how adept she seems in a strange kitchen and how easily she uses a microwave she’s never once used before. I reach over her, shielding the baby, as I remember all too well where the biscuits always were and I pull out a packed of unopened custard creams. As we head to the dining table my ever practical girlfriend starts talking about how after our tea we really should go through my aunt’s fridge and cupboards and throw out all the out of date food. I nod as I sit down with Yasmin on my knee.

“You ok to give her her milk?”

“Of course.”

Over tea Megan is on a roll, though a little overwhelming at times. She goes and picks up the post by the door, bringing it all into the dining room and opening each one. It seems wrong to be opening my aunt’s mail but Megan reminds me that we are only here until Thursday and unfortunately there are things that need to be done. I nod and feed the baby while helping myself to a few custard creams with my tea as Megan systemically opens each item of post and makes two piles.

“Right, did you bring the death certificates from home? So far in this pile I have gas and electric company to inform, who thankfully sent a statement so we at least know her account numbers now, and although this is just a standard letter about new promotions I assume as it’s addressed to your aunt that this one from Sky means she’s very likely with them for TV and maybe internet too. The flyers for Farmfoods and double glazing and stuff can be binned and then there’s this one from Mission without Walls. Did your aunt support them as this looks like a supporter newsletter?”

“You’ve lost your vocation in life Megan. You ought to be a detective or something. Auntie had Sky TV and internet yes, and I remember her talking to me about a little Romanian girl and showing me photos. I think her name might have been Taydem or something like that. Her little sponsor girl. She always did those shoebox appeal things at Christmas too. She was right into all that.”

I sip my coffee while Megan appears to look up something on her phone.

“There’s lists online which will help. Places that need informed whenever someone dies. I know it’s Sunday but I think we should maybe start anyway. I know it’s horrible honey but the sooner you inform the bank, the energy suppliers, the telephone and internet companies and the council the better it will be. I’ll help you. I think now-a-days you can do loads by email which is so much easier.”

I nod. I’m so grateful Megan agreed to come with me. I wouldn’t be able to do any of this without her.

“Oh and if you know where the clean bedsheets are I’ll change the double bed. I don’t think either of us would feel comfortable sleeping in it how it is just now.”

I finish my coffee and take the empty baby bottle from Yasmin as I look directly at Megan admiring her so much. She’s like my guardian angel send from God and there’s no way I could ever manage without her now.

“Thank you Megan. You really are one in a million, you know that?”

*364*2021-11-23 09:27

Chapter 201

Megan

Sadly with my gran, my aunt and my uncle all having passed away in the last five years I have more than enough experience of helping sort out things after death. My mam, given her mental instability, couldn’t do anything when her brother passed and as he had never married, like Liam’s aunt, I was expected to help her sort things out. Shaun did do the bulk of it but just being there during that period taught me so much. As hard as it is to inform agencies and companies it’s better for everyone that it’s done sooner rather than later. None of my relatives had any assets of real worth though, all renting properties or, in my gran’s case, living in a nursing home. I hope Liam doesn’t think I’m being cold hearted or taking over a role he feels he should take but opening up the mail gives me so much insight to his dearly loved aunt.

Liam at least agrees to me sending some emails to the mission organisation, Sky and British Gas while he has Yasmin and somehow still manages to take the bags upstairs and put the buggy and car seat neatly under the stairs in the dining room. We then find some bin bags and go through the fridge and cupboards to throw out all the food that has past it’s used by date, before Liam shows me where his aunt keeps spare bedding and I change the double bed. By the time we have done this Liam suggests a walk to Sainsburies to get some food to tide us over until we leave on Thursday, so I strap Yasmin in the buggy part of the buggy for the first time since I got the travel system, leaving the car seat part under the stairs.

I can’t believe how close the house is to so many amenities as just the few minutes walk to the local supermarket has us passing a doctors surgery, a garage, a butcher and a baby clothes shop. The shops are in a different league to anything I’ve ever seen back in Bangor as a quick glance in the baby shop window has me almost fainting at the prices. However the Sainsburies is pretty standard and we get everything needed for our stay and head back to the house to put it all away. I heat some baby food for Yasmin for lunch and make some sandwiches for Liam and myself. Liam is just finishing washing the dishes when the bell rings.

Liam seems to know at least one of the smartly dressed men as he invites them both in. They introduce themselves as Reverend Andrew Watt from Ebenezer Baptist church and Mr Jonathan Lyon from Co-op funeral directors. Yasmin thankfully isn’t at all phased by their formal suits and ties as she crawls around the living room with a few of her toys. I sit next to Liam on one sofa while they sit under the window on another while we discuss final arrangements for the morning. We are given a folder by Mr. Lyon entitled ‘What to do when someone dies’ and he very tactfully and sensitively talks us through who needs to be informed. Liam updates them on who I have already contacted and then for the first time something very significant is mentioned that I had yet to even think about: did Ella Jude leave a Will?

Liam suddenly ups and leaves the room and I debate wether I should go after him. Has it all got too much? It certainly wouldn’t surprise me as it’s like information overload to me and it’s not even my relative! While he’s gone the atmosphere relaxes a little as Yasmin pulls on the reverend’s leg as if wanting lifted up. I apologise and get up to get her but Mr Watt smiles, picks her up and starts talking to her in a natural friendly way sitting her on his knee casually.

“She’s adorable. What’s her name?”

“Yasmin. She’s my little sister.”

“God really wanted to bless your family I see. She’s a very special gift to be treasured, is this one. My wife’s a speech therapist and she works a lot with children with Down’s syndrome. She often tells me what an honour it is to work with such amazing kids.”

“Thank you. That means a lot to me.”

“I have three of my own, two at secondary school now though, and the other joins them this September, but as much as it’s lovely to have them that bit more independent I do miss them being this age such a lot.”

Liam returns handing a plastic folder to the funeral director.

“If Aunt Ella had a Will I expect it might be in there.”

“Would you prefer to look through yourself Mr. Jude?”

“No, it’s fine. I wouldn’t know what I was even looking for to tell you the truth.”

With my sister over the other side of the room I head over to get her as the men open the plastic folder and pull out the contents. Standing by them holding Yasmin I recognise familiar things like a car registration document, house deeds, a birth certificate , insurance documents, and then finally a formal letter from a solicitor with papers paper clipped to it. As Mr Lyon flips the letter up I can clearly see that Liam’s aunt left a Will, though I’m not close enough to be able to read it. I put Yasmin back on the floor and head back to Liam who is still standing from when he handed the folder over. I stand beside him holding his arm in mine as the minister smiles up at us nervously.

“Your aunt has left a Will and you may or may not be surprised to hear that she has left everything to you Liam.”

“But…but what about my mum, her sister?”

“There’s no mention of any sister here at all. Only you. Sole beneficiary: Mr Liam Jude. You are listed as the executor too.”

“What does that mean?”

“Basically it is your responsibility to sort out your aunt’s affairs.”

I notice that the funeral director is still flicking through the documents from the wallet.

“Just glancing through here it appears the estate has considerable value Mr Jude. You are free, of course, to use any other probate services, but if you wish we can take care of all this as part of the service we offer. There is a fee, but I can assure you we are very competitive. I also notice Miss Jude owned a car. While the value of this will have to be included within the estate it is perfectly acceptable that ownership of this can be transferred to yourself immediately, though you will need to inform DVLA and arrange tax and insurance. There’s a part on this registration document to fill in and send away, assuming, that is, that you want the…2019 Suzuki Celerio”

Still holding Liam’s arm in mine I look at him as it’s obvious he’s still very much in shock. All he seems able to do is nod at the man before turning to look at me as I feel he wants me to say something and make a decision. We are due to return to Ireland in just 4 days time so it makes better sense for everything to be sorted by the co-op as I let go of .Liam to return next door to the dining room and hand Mr. Lyon the pile of male I sorted earlier and the four death certificates Liam had sent to him in Bangor. Liam signs a few forms before both men leave as I think the best thing right now is to make my boyfriend a mug of coffee.

*366*2021-11-23 17:39

Chapter 202

Liam

Sitting back in the dining room sipping coffee I feel so overwhelmed, so shocked at what I have just heard. I’m glad Megan had me agree to the Co-op man doing everything for me as I feel so numb right now I know I would be useless at sorting everything out. While I know Megan is sitting opposite me holding Yasmin in her arms as she mouths on a toy I still feel so lonely, so heartbroken, so lost. There so much to think about and I don’t know where to even begin as we sit in silence trying to process what’s just happened.

Our peace is rudely interrupted by Megan’s mobile ringing as Megan picks it up and quietly answers it. I look up at her face trying to gauge who it is by her expression but as everything is silent apart from a faint clock ticking I can actually hear a male voice on the phone as Megan puts the phone onto speaker phone and puts it on the table as Yasmin tries to reach it off her.

“So…you didn’t come to chapel then? I should tell you that dad isn’t at all happy. Lilly has had to go back to the house and make the boys lunch. Your mam made it to chapel but is now back in bed and dad is upstairs with her sitting looking after her. You know full well that Lilly works full time, as do I. We can’t possibly be there Meg, and you know it! I told dad that you’d be there this morning and all would be ok and now…well just tell me where you are and I’ll come get you!”

“I couldn’t go to chapel Shaun. I’m not even in Ireland!”

“Oh my God Megan! You haven’t cleared off with some older man and left the country have you? Dad said you’d come back for some things with a man? You have got Yasmin with you haven’t you? For God’s sake are you insane? Get yourself to an airport and get back here by tomorrow. Mam is just out of hospital and we assured them there was someone at home all the time to care for her. Tomorrow morning her mental health nurse is coming to check on her. You know what’s dad’s like with people in the house so we both know he’ll just sit in the kitchen. Do you ever think about others Megan? Just for a minute? Do you not care about Anthony or Rory at all? Aisling and Harrison are every bit as livid as Lilly and I. I can’t expect Aisling to be there tomorrow. You do remember she’s pregnant don’t you?”

I recognise the voice, though the words seem so cruel and cutting for the man who I know as my boss. It’s like suddenly seeing his true colours and I look at my girlfriend in utter disbelief. She shrugs as if this rant isn’t new to her at all as she just sits back in her chair letting her little sister climb all over her while the voice rants on. Finally when he stops for a breather Megan replies in an astonishingly calm manner compared to the rage I feel.

“Yes Shaun, Yasmin is here with me. She’s doing great, thanks for asking. I am here with my boyfriend who has recently lost a member of his immediate family. Tomorrow I am going to the funeral with him. I’ll be sure to contact you again when I get back to Ireland, which won’t be until nearer the end of the week, at the earliest. Do send my love to everyone but unfortunately I’m afraid I can’t be there tomorrow, though I do hope all goes well. Don’t forget the boys are off for the holidays so they’ll be home too.”

“We’ll if mam gets taken back into hospital and your own brother’s have nothing to eat then I clearly know who to blame! I’m utterly sick of you Meg! You don’t deserve to be called a Murphy!”

I look at Megan with my mouth open in shock. I had no idea my own boss could be so vindictive and cruel. I somehow manage to pull my jaw closed and speak as Megan clicks to finish the call even though it sounds like her brother has already hung up.

“Well he seems happy for you.”

Megan bursts out laughing at the sarcasm, having to put her sister down as she chuckles way more than I feel necessary.

“Oh Liam! I really needed that laugh. Thank you. You’ve probably already realised but he’s not like that at work, thankfully. He saves that wonderful side of his nature rather exclusively for me. I really should be honoured I guess.”

“What’s his problem anyway? I mean it’s not like you’re the only child in the family. I don’t understand.”

“Shaun’s the eldest. He likes to organised us all, sort everything out, fix things…boss us all really. He likes to be in charge and hates his authority being questioned. I suppose that’s party why he’s successful at his work, but as far as family relationships go he has a lot to learn. I’m guessing he swung mam getting discharged by promising whoever he needed to that I was always home so mam wouldn’t be alone. God only knows what he told them about me…probably that I’m some Cinderella who devotes her life to cleaning, cooking, and caring for everyone with no other life. He knows when they come see mam at home now and I’m not there it will oust him as a liar. One thing our Shaun can’t abide is anyone questioning him or showing him up. It’s only now I’ve left that I think they all realise what I did I guess.”

“I can relate to that.”

“Sorry, I know being here must be so hard. You’ll get through this, I promise.”

“And I promise to not let you be treated like dirt ever again too. So, fancy seeing my new car I appear to have inherited today? I presume it’s in the garage where my aunt usually parked.”

“Garage? You mean there’s a garage with this place too? Oh my word! I feel like I’m royalty in this place. Was your aunt loaded or what?”

“Ha! She’d say it was because she had no-one to spend her money on. No husband or kids. She worked and saved and mum could never understand why she lived so long at home but she told me when I moved in that she spent years staying with her parents so she could afford a deposit. She was careful with her money. This place has probably increased in value rather a lot since she bought it too. She had a lot of wisdom I think.”

“I think she sounded very wise, and very kind too. She obviously loved you very much too.”

“I loved her too.”

“I know. So where’s this garage?”

*369*2021-11-24 09:19

Chapter 203

Megan

Liam leads us out the patio doors into the slabbed back garden as we walk down to the end towards a wooden gate. He’s holds the gate open while I walk through carrying Yasmin as he points towards a double garage.

“It’s not all my aunt’s. One belongs to Sandy and Jim. They use their side for a gym but my aunt always preferred to keep her car locked away in hers for security.”

Liam uses a key to open the garage and just like the house it’s immaculate and organised with a shiny grey small five door car parked neatly in the middle. Using the keys he found in his aunt’s coat pocket he unlocks the car and gets in the driver’s seat. I climb in the front passenger side with the baby on my knee.

“I remember her getting this brand new you know. She always used the same garage but they didn’t have anything she liked so she roped me into going with her to the Suzuki garage and found this. It was perfect for her to get to work and church and the shops.”

He turns the key to start the engine making Yasmin jump.

“I thought as much. It’s only done 7,453 miles since new!”

“Can you drive?”

“Yeah. My aunt paid for me to have lessons for my 18th birthday. She always had me on her insurance too, just in case, though I didn’t really drive this one much at all. Lauren had me on her insurance too for her Porsche. Now that was an amazing car to drive.”

“My old employer paid for my lessons. Put me on one of those intensive week long training things. I loved it. After I passed dad put me on the insurance for the family car, though he moaned for months afterwards at how much it hiked up his premium because of my age. I take it you’ll be taking this car then?”

“Of course! If I can get it back to Ireland that is.”

“You’d better get some road tax and insurance then hadn’t you. We can post the registration document after the funeral tomorrow. What a beautiful well kept car. I bet it’s not even had it’s first MOT yet.”

“I’ll need to check but it’s not something my aunt would miss. She was always organised for things like that.”

Yasmin is leaning over and trying to play with dials and buttons so I suggest heading back in so I can make some dinner. Liam turns the engine off, locking the car and garage and leading the way back to the house. Back inside I head to the kitchen while Liam sits in his aunt’s lounge with the TV on while looking after Yasmin for me while I cook. By the time I’ve dished up the cottage pie and vegetables Yasmin is grouchy and restless, most likely due to tiredness having not had her afternoon nap. Between us we somehow manage to get her to eat enough though and then I suggest bathing her and getting her to bed. She settles to sleep quickly, especially considering everything is so new to her, very likely exhausted from the excitement of the day.

I leave the door to the main bedroom wide open and head back downstairs where Liam has already washed the dishes and wiped the dining table. He greets me with a kiss and I stand holding him close in my arms.

“So is it ok for me to go upstairs now or will that wake the baby? I can wait if it would be better.”

He winks at me, though at first I’m not sure what he’s meaning.

“She’s in the middle of the double bed if you’re thinking fun?”

He lets me go, covering his crotch with his hand.

“Actually I was more thinking about using the toilet. You should have seen me dancing around washing the dishes. I knew you were getting Yasmin to sleep and didn’t want to disturb you so I’ve been holding off.”

“Mmm. I reckon we should maybe have a cup of tea or coffee and let the baby get into a deep sleep first before you go flushing loud toilets eh? What do you reckon?”

“You know best Miss Murphy. Shall I fill the kettle or you?”

“Oh I think you definitely ought to do that, don’t you?”

I’m tired still from the travelling and all that’s happened during the day but seeing my boyfriend squirming as he fills the kettle with water from the cold tap revives parts of my body that have been dormant ever since watching Gareth earlier this morning.

“Where shall I wait while it boils then mistress?”

I smile watching my boyfriend standing crossed legged in the compact kitchen. Despite everything he’s going though and dealing with right now he still wants to please me, arouse me and have fun together. I can’t imagine ever finding another man as generous, kind, and loving as that.

*370*2021-11-24 17:22

Chapter 204

Liam

Megan is an amazing cook! I have no idea how she manages to turn a few simple ingredients from Sainsburies into such a delicious cottage pie. Yasmin doesn’t seem as taken with it as I do but it’s obvious that she tired and out of routine, poor kid. It takes a lot of effort from both Megan and myself just to get her eating enough to be full., by which time her mouth is covered, as are her hands and even her toes! I offer to get some wipes to clean her up but Megan feels she’d be better off having a bath and then going to bed. I need a pee but I don’t want to interrupt Megan bathing the baby so I round up the dishes and take them into the kitchen. I can’t find any dishwasher tablets anywhere so decide it will be better to hand wash everything and we can pick up some tablets another time.

Standing at the sink I find myself lightly moving from foot to foot even before I turn the taps on. Just the thought of running water, combined with standing up, is making my need increase, but I can hear the boiler clicking on with Megan running the bath for the baby and I don’t want to get in her way. I really hope I’m not taking the water away from upstairs as I rinse and wash the dirty dishes, the noice and feel of the water affecting my bladder such a lot. I can’t help thinking back to earlier in the morning and Gareth pacing in front of the closed restaurant as I jig about and squirm wondering if I can hold back quite as long as I’d like to.

I leave the dishes to dry on the rack and return to the dining room to sweep up and wipe the table. For once I’m glad my aunt isn’t around as I dance around the table tensing my muscles and pinching myself. She’d be mortified at my behaviour, but I can’t stop. The more I remember how Megan was in the back of the car earlier watching Gareth the more desperate I am determined to get. Just thinking that Megan will be turned on makes me randy and hard as I wonder how much longer she might be. I consider going up to find her but I worry seeing the bathroom might affect my self control so I decide to wait downstairs and continue tidying up. Wiping the kitchen worktops down I have to stop to grab myself twice and rinsing the cloth almost has me on the verge of pissing myself.

Then I hear Megan at the top of the stairs and dump the cloth in the caddy behind the taps, quickly leaving the kitchen to find her. We’re standing at the bottom of the stairs hugging when I hint that I really want to go upstairs. At first she thinks I’m simply wanting sex, which needless to say I most definitely do want, but first I plan to have some fun as I notice Megan finally catching on to my need. The little minx immediately suggests tea which thrills me but terrifies me all at the sane time. Filling the kettle is bloody torture as I stand crossed legged and have to pinch myself longer than before. I want Megan to decide when I get to pee though and submitting to her has me rock hard and longing for her so much. At least having a hard cock is making being bursting to pee a little more manageable.

I hand Megan her tea and follow her as she sits back at the dining table.

“Isn’t there a prayer vigil tonight then? You know, the reception of the body? Don’t you do that here in England then?”

I have no idea what she’s talking about as she must see my confused face and realise.

“The night before a funeral. Don’t you have a service then? With the coffin in the church?”

“The funeral’s tomorrow morning. That’s the only service honey.”

“You light candles though don’t you?”

“I don’t think so.”

“You have a priest wave the thurible with the burning incense though surely?”

“No.”

“Sprinkle the coffin with Holy Water?”

“I’ve never seen that done, no. Sounds like a lot of rituals to me. Tomorrow is the only service there will be. The coffin will be there in my aunt’s church and there will be readings, memories shared, songs sung and Andrew Watt, who you met this afternoon, will give a talk. Then we go in the funeral cars to the crematorium and there’s a very short service there followed by going back to the church for a little tea. By the way, any chance I can go pee yet?”

“Not yet. Liam, do you know if your aunt has any candles?”

“I’m not sure. If she did I’d imagine they will be in the bottom drawer in the kitchen with the screwdrivers, lightbulbs and other odds and ends. Want me to look?”

“Yes please. I’ll come with you.”

I leave my coffee and head back to the kitchen where I find an opened pack of tea lights in the bottom kitchen drawer. Seriously needing to piss I take one out and show Megan as I rub my penis through my jeans.

“This ok?”

“Yes. Any matches to light it?”

I use the gas rings on the oven to carefully light the small candle before carrying it through to the dining room and sitting it on a saucer in the middle of the table. I sit back down opposite Megan sipping at my tea whilst squirming on the dining chair.

“Don’t forget that I’m dying for the loo Meg.”

“I know but this is important to me Liam. Just imagine that you’re back in St. Mary’s chapel in Bangor. You wouldn’t leave a funeral to pee would you? Absolutely not. I’d really like to pray for your aunt. For her safe passing to Heaven. You don’t mind do you?”

“That would be lovely but are you absolutely sure I can’t just go to the toilet first?”

“I’d rather you didn’t honey. Believe me when I tell you I’ve had to sit through many a mass bursting to pee and I’m sure I told you already about the time I was almost wetting myself in confession too. It’s disrespectful to walk out during any of the rites or rituals. How about we start with Psalm 23? I loved us saying that together. Then I’ll say a couple of prayers for your aunt Ella. Did she have a favourite song? I’m sure you said she did? Amazing Grace wasn’t it?”

“Yes. It’s being sung tomorrow. Megan sweetheart, will this take long? It’s really beautiful and sweet of you, and I do seriously appreciate it…but I couldn’t just nip upstairs a minute before you start could I?”

There’s something about the way she winks at me, the turn of her lips when she smiles, like this is all part of a plan, a way to get me to wait, something she’s loving every minute of, that spurs me on to keep on holding despite the uncomfortableness and continuous tingling that’s extremely distracting.

All this reciting the Bible and praying and singing while the candle burns…it can’t possibly last that long. Can it?

*371*2021-11-25 09:40

Chapter 205

Megan

Seeing Liam making tea for us both whilst dancing around the kitchen clearly desperate for the loo is unbelievably sexy. I can’t deny that he never fails to turn me on, every bit, in fact much more, than Gareth did this morning. There really is no better sight in my mind that a grown man squirming because he’s dying for the toilet. The fact Liam could go anytime he wants but he’s choosing to deliberately hold on for me thrills me more than I can put into words.

However, I assumed we’d be going to church tonight as is normal the night before a funeral for Catholics and I ask Liam why we aren’t. I’ve only ever known funerals in Saint Mary’s chapel so hearing that none of the normal funeral traditions I know are happening actually throws me. They all have such meaning, such significance, that not doing them just doesn’t seem right to me, especially the prayer vigil and lighting a candle in memory of the person. It makes me so uneasy that I’ll only feel better if I can do what I can for Liam’s aunt myself.

Watching as Liam finds a candle as he’s rubbing his cock with such urgency I can’t help but imagining him in the same situation I’ve been in myself, and not that long ago my younger brother Rory found himself in too, having to sit through Sunday mass with a very bursting bladder. I recall my younger brother sitting beside me restless and fidgeting throughout the prayers and sermon and singing and how I had to run him out at the end down the side of the old chapel and into the back area of the chapel so he could use the toilets. I try to imagine that instead of Rory it was Liam beside me and how rushing out as an adult would be highly inappropriate and disrespectful, regardless how urgent your need was.

I look at Liam and smile as he sits opposite me on the hard dining room chair unable to sit still, his leg bouncing continuously and one hand pressing on his crotch. I shiver at the memory of being in confession with Father Reilly just over a month ago as I too squirmed on the seat and held myself unable to sit still. The pressure and the constant tingling between my legs turned me on so much that day that when I finally ran out and down the side of the chapel I ended up hiding at the back of the old building and pulling my skirt up and knickers aside and peeing a storm outside, only barely out of view of anyone passing by. 

After peeing so much I was so incredibly turned on that I slipped a hand to my own wet and warm vagina and masturbated myself outside in the fresh air! Between the memory and watching Liam opposite me I am already very wet between my legs and extremely turned on. I could just let Liam piss then fuck him but the burning candle on the table reminds me of the prayers I feel still need to be said for Ella Jude.

I start reciting the 23rd Psalm as I have to bow my head to keep focus as I hear Liam joining in, though not as confidently as he did last night on the ferry. I glance at his pleading face as he sits rigidly forwards on the dining chair balancing precariously right on the edge. I bow my head again praying the familiar Catholic prayers I know by heart as I recite words that have been instilled into me from childhood. Between the words I can hear Liam lightly moaning and squirming as my own vagina throbs in my knickers. Warm mucus is oozing out of my body as I say Amen and look up at my boyfriend, his face screwed up in utter desperation and my own hand caressing between my legs.

He whispers quietly words that set my body alight.

“Please can I go?”

His eyes are pleading, his body tense, his lips trembling. I haven’t got incense to burn or Holy Water to put on a coffin but I really long to hear more about Ella Jude and what she was like.

“Liam, do you have any special memories of your aunt? I’d love to hear them.”

“Can I…”

I shake my head. If this was chapel he’d have no choice but to wait. I’m pretty sure his aunt would expect nothing less in her church too. I’m loving watching him but equally eager to hear more about his aunt.

He doesn’t say anything at first, his concentration appearing to be entirely focused on keeping his urine in, or maybe he’s just trying to think what to say.? I try to prompt him.

“What’s your earliest memory of her?”

“Emm…I remember a time when I was 6 I think? I’d got into this children’s football team and I had been chosen to play. It was early on a Saturday morning and my mum had promised me she’d come and see me. Aunt Ella had invited us over for dinner on the Friday night and I’d told her all about it. She was…ah….so proud of me. She drove mum and me back to our flat and as I went to bed I heard my mum on the phone…mmmm…to one of her boyfriends. 

Before I fell asleep I heard him arriving and music and laughing. I was too young to realise what they were doing but on the Saturday morning the boyfriend was asleep on the sofa when I woke and…fuck I gotta piss…mum was in the bathroom being sick. She couldn’t take me to the game because she was hungover and I started crying. She shouted at me then phoned aunt Ella. She came and..oh God…got my football…grrr….kit then put me in her car and took me to the game. She cheered so loud for me and I remember scoring a goal and running up to her at the end for a huge hug. Please…can I?”

Watching Liam is utterly captivating and I can’t stop stroking myself under the table, his moves and moans driving me crazy. Hoping he doesn’t notice I quietly slide my skirt down as it falls silently onto a heap on the floor. My legs are shaking as I spread them either side of the chair pushing down and back and forth loving the pressure sensation against my hard and growing clitoris. While sharing the memory I notice Liam has undone the button on his jeans too still squeezing and rubbing himself continuously as he speaks.

“That’s such a precious memory to treasure. Did you win the match?”

“I don’t think so. Fssss…oh God Megan I think a dribble leaked out.”

“Keep holding sweetheart. Tell me more about your Aunt.”

*372*2021-11-25 10:15

Just a reminder that I always drink a lot to keep hydrated when I write and end up absolutely bursting while writing..

&&

*374*2021-11-25 16:02

Chapter 206

Liam

The only think keeping me holding on is watching what my desperation is doing to Megan. My knee is bouncing, my legs scissoring in and out faster and faster and I’m squeezing my dick for all I am worth. Megan recites that Psalm I have been reading but unlike the last time I can’t seem to think of the words as quickly as my concentration keeps wavering. I can feel my bladder hard and distended against my jeans, so much so that the pain of the waistband cutting in is almost too much.

While Megan prays I squirm as quietly as I can, anxious not to disturb her during such a poignant moment. What she’s doing is so precious, so appreciated, so lovely. But fuck my bladder needs emptied so badly! I slide right to the front edge of the dining chair as I wriggle and fidget constantly. It feels like the prayers are lasting forever as I press my fist against my anatomy furiously while I try and listen to my beautiful girlfriend.

When Megan starts asking me to share a memory of my aunt my mind initially goes blank, not because I don’t have any memories but more because of the relentless pressure in my crotch. Even though watching Megan’s hard slip between her open legs under the table keeps me very hard my heart is speeding and my forehead sweating as I fear any second my body will release piss everywhere. Yet knowing Megan is controlling me still thrills me as my cheeks blush and I finally remember a childhood story that sums up my aunt’s relationship with me and her kind and caring nature.

I start telling Megan about a football game as a very young child as my jeans now cut me so much I am forced to undo the top button as I watch wide eyed at Megan rocking in the seat in front of me as I see her skirt lying on the floor and her legs spread either side of the seat. It’s clear she’s enjoying herself, pleasuring herself even, against the hardness of the wooden chair as I start bouncing my bottom up and down fervently trying to stop my body from exploding. As soon as I finish the short story I fear my battle is coming to an end as I gasp as a dribble of warm urine leaks into my trunks. I wriggle and slide my hand inside my jeans frantically hoping to stem the flow immediately. I somehow manage but the flood gates sure are weakened and above to cave.

Yet she wants another memory still before I can go! I add a few one liners hoping this will abate her and I can use the toilet…that’s if I can even make it now!

“She bought me driving lessons.”

“She looked after me.”

“She bought me my first ever suit when I had my first ever interview.”

“She forgave me when I punched in my bedroom door in frustration.”

But Megan wants more…

Another dribble! Oh fuck I NEED to piss. God it’s right at the tip of my urethra screaming for release. My every gasp, my every squirm, feels like I’m putty in Megan’s hands as her own hands are both between her shaking bare legs as she rocks and strokes herself faster and faster on the chair right in front of me.

“Liam, there’s only one bathroom here. Did you ever find yourself desperate and your aunt was in the bath or the shower and you had to wait?”

“Oh God yes! Quite a few times babe! Oh sweetie please please can I piss? Look my trunks have a damp spot already. You can see I’m really really desperate baby!”

“Tell me the story first please.”

“Oh well there was this one time I was at a Chester match with my football mates. Their park is quite a journey away in Flintshire on the Welsh border. I bought some fizzy juice and snacks for the 90 minute game but it was warm so I bought another can at half time. By the middle of the second half I had to piss but didn’t want to miss the game. By the end of the game the queue to get out was crazy so I thought I could hold and get the bus back with my mates. By the time I got off at the bus station in town the toilets were shut so I walked home quickly very desperate and when I got in aunt Ella was in the bath! God honey, I can feel it coming! Shit baby I’m nearly losing it!”

Megan’s face is bright red, her legs shaking, her hands stroking over her knickers like crazy. She can hardly speak as she pants…

“What… happened?”

“I hid in the kitchen right there holding myself and squirming absolutely bursting to pee. Then I came back into here and held onto the back of the very chair you are sitting on. I tensed my full body and crossed my legs and held my penis tightly but…”

I stand, pulling my jeans down to my knees so Megan can see as my crotch is right in her eye line just above the table top as the damp patch on my trunks grows more, warm urine glistening and pushing through the material as I stand straight and allow the inevitable to happen just as it did that Saturday early evening in my early twenties.

Megan gasps as I see her visibly climax on the chair, shaking with intensity, her hair wet with sweat and her cheeks red and puffy.

“I couldn’t hold it. I just couldn’t. I had to go so so badly!”

My trunks are drenched as Megan stares as I piss and piss and piss unable to stop and not even wanting to anyway. The release is incredible, so relaxing, so relieving.

But just as I stop pissing something weird happens. My own bladder is empty but in the silence of the room I hear liquid still splashing as I step back and look under the table to see urine pouring off of Megan’s chair, soaking her discarded skirt and forming a large puddle on the wooden floor.

“I had to go very badly too. I hope you don’t mind. I couldn’t wait either!”

&&

&&

&&

