Daniel and Amy - Page 42

Author: Barry

*1026*2019-08-19 15:06

{{1 hour ago, mikey mike said:

Barry as a point of interest, have you any idea what your word count is in the Daniel and Amy series is so far?

}}

No mate, I don’t. This is all typed by my thumb, on my iPhone. It’s not even saved anywhere unfortunately. One of the other readers had a word count going once. I made a note of it. At page 26, it was apparently 353 852 words. It’s page 42 now, and the chapters are getting longer. I’d say comfortably over 500 000 at least.

*1028*2019-08-19 15:27

Interesting fact time! (Hopefully)

This story has been geographically and locally accurate for the most part. All of the places and things are real, such as Adventure World. It’s a real place, and all of the rides there are exactly as I described. I’ve been there a few times. The freeways and streets are real names. Rockingham exists, with the beach, exactly as told.

I made up the names of the schools, but based the uniforms on the ones from two of Perth’s most prestigious private Catholic schools. The weather is a true indicator of Perth conditions. Even in winter, it rarely gets below 15C during the day, but maybe 3-4 overnight. Most school kids wear shorts all year round, and you can comfortably swim in the ocean without freezing your butt off well into late April, early May.

But I needed a bit of license with my holiday town of “Peaceful Bay.”

It’s based loosely on a lot of country towns, especially coastal ones that I’ve been to over the years, but geographically speaking, I’ve situated it where a real town, Shark Bay, is located, about 850kms north of Perth, and is significantly warmer as well.

This is obviously in no way relevant to anything, but I thought readers might be interested in how many “real details” are used.

Chapter 60.

As everyone was now officially on holidays, there wasn’t any rush to speed things up to get home for homework, nor school or work tomorrow. The adults sat around drinking for a while after dinner, and the kids went downstairs and played pool. Mary had set up a mis-matched assortment of chairs in a couple of semi circular rows, ready for Peters big presentation. Sue only allowed herself one glass of wine, because judging by the way her husband was knocking the beers back, it was obvious who would be driving home later! She didn’t begrudge him having a drink though, especially on his first night back.

The mine site he worked at had a strict two beer a day policy, and he hadn’t been able to just relax and have more than that for six long weeks. Eventually, the adults made their way downstairs, where the kids were beginning to get a bit fidgety with excitement, and everyone found a seat. The grownups, including Nikki’s brother Troy sat in the front row, with the teenagers behind. Of course Amy sat beside Dan, and Scott sat between Nikki and Matt.

Pete took centre stage comfortably. He was used to giving presentations to his crew, and his contractual employers, so he always felt relaxed giving speeches.

“Ok, ladies and gentlemen, by now, a lot of you already know a bit about what’s going on, while some of you have no idea.” With that, he winked at the second row, before continuing.

“Most of you here already know Mario, or at least know of him. He’s an institution in our game, and always has his fingers in a lot of different pies. His latest grand scheme, is in Peaceful Bay. I’ll give a brief run down about The Bay, for the benefit of those of you who aren’t familiar with it.” He paused to have a sip of beer, before continuing.

“Peaceful Bay is a kind of cross between a fishing town, and a holiday destination, situated about 850 klicks away up north. It’s a good nine hour drive, but easily doable in a day, if we leave early enough. I know that myself and the guys here have all been there before, and I believe Matthew has as well?”

Matt nodded excitedly. He’d been fishing with his dad up there, and had thought it was totally awesome!

“It’s quite a reasonable size for a small town,” Peter went on. “Big enough for its own primary and high schools, supermarkets, local hospital etc., but tourism is one of its biggest drawcards. People go there to fish, swim with the Whale Sharks and dolphins, snorkel the reef, and get away from the city for awhile. Most of us probably know people that have holiday shacks up there.”

Scott put his hand up, as if he was in school. “Is there internet reception?”

This caused the adults to groan in unison, and Paul threw a beer coaster at his son, hitting him right in the head. “Trust you to ask that,” he said with a laugh.

Once the laughter had died down, and a red faced Scott had been punched on both arms by both Dan and Matthew, Peter picked up where he left off.

“Yes mate. Don’t panic. We’re not travelling back in time or anything, so you lot will all be able to use your devices okay, if you have time that is.

“Now, where was I? Oh yeah. The holiday destination thing. Like I said, tourism is its biggest drawcard. You’ve got the township proper, which has some good pub accommodation and a couple of motels, and the holiday shack area, just outside the town to the south. During the summer, especially the school holidays, the population swells with visiting families, especially those with boats who enjoy fishing, and during the colder months, like now, a lot of older people take their caravans up there, where it’s a bit warmer than here.”

He finished his beer, and took another that Paul handed to him.

“At least they used to. A couple of years ago, the big caravan park closed down. I’m not sure exactly why, but it did, and didn’t go up for sale again. Until last month.

“Enter our benevolent employer, Mario.

“As we know, Mario always knows a bargain when he sees one, especially if he can eventually turn a profit out of it. That caravan park has the potential to be a real goldmine, although it needs a lot of work. Long story short, Mario has purchased the Peaceful Bay Caravan Park, including about twenty run down site caravans, and The Lodge of course, but it’s all looking a bit tired and dilapidated right now. He would’ve liked to have it up and running for these school holidays, but obviously there wasn’t time, but he really wants it up and going as soon as possible.”

Suddenly, the pieces started falling into place for the kids, and they started talking excitedly, and asking all sorts of questions, but with a raised hand, Dans father was eventually able to quell their chatter.

“I’ve negotiated what I believe is a very fair deal with Mario, who has already paid a substantial amount into a holding account for the project, which I’m overseeing. This means we will be paid in cash, and the wages will be tax free, although slightly less than what we would usually get. But, our food, drink, and accommodation is all well and truly covered, which will more than make up for any shortfall. Besides, as we’re not getting an hourly rate, there’s no pressure on us to have a tight schedule. I’ve estimated it taking ten days, tops, but if it takes an extra day or so, it doesn’t matter. Basically, as long as the place is ready to go by the end of the school holidays, Mario will be happy. Then we all get a nice fat cash paycheque, and knowing Mario, probably a bonus as well.”

Dan raised his hand next. “What about us dad? What’re we supposed to do while you’re all working?”

Peter grinned. “Don’t stress, Danny boy. We’ve got plans for you lot. We’re going to need a bit of help here and there, plus there’s a lot of little jobs that you guys can do as well. We’ll pay you for it, as you’ll be part of the team. But I certainly don’t plan on working all day, everyday either! I reckon we’ll be knocking off nice and early each day, and we’ll have lots of time to hang out with you lot as well.”

He took a sidelong glance at Jack. “I believe Jack is taking his boat up?”

Jack nodded, causing Matt to give a fist pump, “Yessss,” he murmured. He loved going out fishing in his dads boat! “Hey dad, can we take Josh’s dirt bike as well?”

Jack put on a pretend scowl. “Do you really think your brother is going to loan you his bike? Besides, it’s a bloody great 650. You’d friggin’ kill yourselves, you knucklehead! Anyway, I couldn’t take the boat AND the bike at the same time, even if I was stupid enough to let ya ride it!”

“Worth a try dad,” Matt said with a cheeky grin, before Peter continued once more.

“The Park is right on the beach, literally next to it, so we can go fishing and swimming, have barbecues, play cricket, all that sort of stuff. But you guys might want to knuckle down and do a bit of work too. This weekend, is the start of the week-long Peaceful Bay festival. There’s going to be a carnival, with rides and sideshows, and Saturday night there’s a band at the pub, including an under aged disco on first. I’m sure you lot will need a bit of money for that....”

This elicited a round of whooping, cheering, and high fives from the second row. Not only was there a carnival, but they’d be earning their own money for it!

Pete turned his attention to Troy, who had been sitting silently for most of the evening, only answering politely when he was spoken to. He was the most nicely dressed person in the room, with freshly ironed slacks, a dress shirt, and shiny leather shoes. The young man was determined to put forward a good image to any potential future employers.

“Troy, your mum tells me that you want an apprenticeship, is that right?”

“Yes sir,” he replied, immediately sitting up straighter.

“For your part in this, we’re probably all going to need a hand at some point. It’ll be a lot of lifting and carrying stuff, and basically just doing whatever we ask of you. I’m also thinking that you can babysit this motley crew on Saturday night. Go to the underage dance with them, then keep an eye on ‘em while we go to the pub later. You’re only seventeen, so you can’t come with us then anyway. We’ll pay you adult labourer rates for your site work, as well as a share of any bonus that we get. If you work out okay, like work hard and do as you’re told, I believe Jack here might have something in mind. Right Jack?”

The big man stood up. “My apprentice finishes his time with me at the end of the year mate, just when you’ll be finishing school. I’ll need to replace him next year. If you’re keen enough to work hard and learn, I might think about taking you on after Christmas. What do you think?”

Troy turned pink. He was almost lost for words. “Mr Jackson, that, that’d be great. I, I, I don’t know what, I mean I’ll work very hard sir, I’ll do what....”

“First rule,” Jack said in a growling voice, which sounded very menacing coming from the huge, tattooed man, “is my name is Jack, not Mr Jackson. That’s me dad. Second rule, if you call me sir again, I’ll put me boot in your ass. Third, I’m not promising you anything. This is a trial, to see what you work out like, gottit?”

“Yes sir, Mr Ja, I mean Jack. I understand.”

“Right. Your first job, go upstairs into Paul’s fridge, and bring some more beer down. You can have one as well, if your mother doesn’t mind of course?”

Paula had tears in her eyes. This was exactly the sort of opportunity that her boy had had his heart set on. She was almost overwhelmed by it, but she still had a few doubts.

“Listen Jack,” she said, “And Paul, and of course Peter, Sue, and Sonia. This is just so amazing! I don’t know what to say! This whole thing is surreal! We haven’t had a family holiday in years, and Troy is so set on getting a trade, this is unbelievable. But I don’t think Nikki and I can go...”

Nikki reacted immediately, issuing a moaning groan of “Whaaaaat? Muuuuummmmm, What’re you talking about? We’ve gotta go!” Scott’s grip on her hand tightened significantly, showing her that he agreed with her wholeheartedly.

“Nikki, sweetie, I don’t think my old car can get us that far and back. It needs a tuneup, tires, it’s falling apart, you know that.”

“Can you drive a bigger ute Pam?And tow a small trailer?”Jack asked.

“Of course I can. I can even drive a light truck. I’ve got my license.”

“Well I’ll be needing both my utes up there, I’ll be towing the boat with the big one, but I’ll be taking my cement mixer and ladders as well. It would be a huge help if you could drive that up for me?”

Straight away Matt piped up, “The bike could fit in the back too dad..,”

This earned him a withering glare and a raised middle finger from his father, which made everyone laugh.

“Can you drive Troy? Got a license?”

“I’ve got my P plates Mr...Jack.”

“Good. It’s a bloody long drive up there. If your mum can do the five odd hours to Geraldton, maybe you can do the country run after that.”

“No problem Jack,” the boy said confidently. He’d love the chance to drive a flashy, newer car on the open road.

“Good. That’s settled,” Jack said with an air of finality. “Now for Christ’s sake, go and fetch the bloody beer! We’re not camels ya know!”

Troy scurried away quickly, before his mother could pick more holes in the plan, returning shortly with more beer, and looking questioningly at her. When she nodded her approval, he grinned broadly, and took one for himself as well. After all, this was now a night for celebration.

“Ok,” Peter said. “I’d normally take my brother in law up, but he and his wife have just had twins, so he’ll want to stay home. I’ll take one of my town guys up with me instead. I guess you two will take an offsider each?”

Jack and Paul nodded. There was too much work for any of them to do just by themselves. Besides, they wouldn’t be paying the wages for a change!

“Accommodation won’t be a problem, there’s at least 20 liveable vans onsite, although they’ll all need a good cleaning. If we can get up there early enough, I can hook the power up, and we can get them at least good enough for the first night, then give them a proper cleaning later. Paul, you’ll need to start on the plumbing straight away. There’s a toilet and a shower block, and a camp laundry that’ll be the biggest priority, and you can worry about the drains later.

Sue put her hand up. “What’s this about the toilets dear? Are you trying to tell us that there’s no toilets up there?”

He grinned. “Not exactly darling. They’re there. Just kinda not working at the moment. Paul’s going to need to reconnect the water, and replace some seals and gaskets, then they’ll need cleaning.”

“So what’re we supposed to do until then, you great twit? It’s alright for you guys to go peeing in the bush like animals, but what’re we girls supposed to do?”

“Stop worrying my dear. I’ve organised some porta-loos to be delivered to site before we get there. As for the shower, it won’t kill any of us to miss a shower for one day. It’s just like camping!”

While Sue argued with her husband about his ideas on the unnecessary use of showers while camping, Paula turned around and looked at Nikki. Although she was a lot better nowadays with regards to her phobia about strange toilets, there was one part she still harboured an intense feeling on.

Her absolute hatred of porta-loos.

She simply could not understand how anyone in their right mind would choose to use one. They were small, cramped, usually dirty and smelly, you had to sit on top of a tank of God-knows-what, and worst of all, they could actually tip over! There was just no way known that Nikki would ever set foot in one, as more than a few pairs of soaked pants over the years could testify too.

Nikki screwed her face up, looked directly at her mother, and shook her head, sending a very clear message about what her thoughts were regarding the use of porta-loos, a message that Paula had gotten loud and clear over the years.

All she could do was shrug. Surely it wouldn’t take long to get the toilets up and running, especially if they started on them early.

In the meantime Sue was trying her hardest to be subtle and diplomatic with her husband, who appeared to have forgotten that Dan, Amy, and Scotty, may have a more pressing need than the others to use a shower, especially first thing in the morning.

“Pete, I don’t think you’ve considered this properly. Fair enough, you guys might be happy to skip a shower, but some of us might particularly need one, especially in the mornings.”

Paul understood straight away what she was talking about, after all, he knew his son would probably need one after the first night at least. He shot a knowing glance at Peter, who suddenly understood where his wife was coming from. In his excitement with the plans, he had actually forgotten about issues like his own sons incontinence, and he cringed internally at his own lack of foresight. Thankfully for him, Paul came to his rescue, as Dan, Amy, and Scott squirmed uncomfortably, as they realised that the adults were trying to discuss them without actually saying so out loud. They were relieved when Paul managed to be very diplomatic about it.

“Your wife’s right Pete. I think the shower and laundry block should be the main priority. After all, we can all rough it with the porta-loos for a day or two if we have to. It certainly beats digging a hole in the bush anyway. But I think we’ll all feel better if we can have a nice hot shower and wash our clothes at the end of the day.

Paula glanced at her daughter again, as Nikki shook her head. She’d much rather dig a hole in the bush than use a porta-loo if she had the choice! But that would just have to be a bridge that they would cross later on. After so many years of penny pinching, missed holidays, and uncertainty about her children’s futures, there was absolutely no way that she would pass this up, especially since she knew how much it would mean to Troy. If her daughter chose to pee in the bushes, or even had an accident, that would be her choice.

Anyway, she didn’t think that Nikki would ever put herself in the situation where she would have an accident around her little friends, and especially her boyfriend after all! No. This was just way too important to consider passing up, especially for her son. Nikki would either have to get over her irrational fear of portable toilets, squat in the bushes, or risk wetting her pants in front of her friends, it was that simple. But she resolved to try and help the girl in anyway that she possibly could.

Meanwhile, Amy shifted uncomfortably. She had drank two big glasses of lemonade since they had arrived hours ago, and hadn’t gone to the toilet yet. She didn’t know that there was a toilet off the laundry that was right beside where they were sitting, and didn’t want to draw attention to herself by asking Scott, Mary, or Paul for directions to the upstairs one. Besides, everyone was talking at once about the important stuff, like getting the showers going, which of course she silently agreed was the most vital thing of all. After all, she had no qualms about using a porta-loo, if she really had to.

A quick glance around saw the adults deep in conversation about the logistics of the shower block, while the three boys were discussing stuff like who would bring the cricket set and football, and whether or not there would be enough room to take their bikes or not. She tried to make eye contact with her mother, but Sonia was engaged in the conversation with the other grownups, and not looking anywhere near her.

Amy decided that she would just have to go and find the toilet by herself. Surely it wouldn’t attract too much attention if she simply stood up, and walked up the stairs? She poised herself on the balls of her feet, and slowly started to lift herself up, but as soon as her bottom lifted of the chair, she felt her nappy growing hot and wet underneath her. A momentary panic attack seized her. She was wearing a big tape up diaper, but had her new jeans on, and she knew that if she suffered a leak, it would be extremely obvious on the blue denim.

Her bladder had hit its tipping point, a bit over halfway full, and had started to empty itself automatically. She wasn’t peeing flat out, more like steadily draining, but she was too frightened to move. If she stood up and made a run for it, she would probably cause a complete loss of control, and totally wet herself with great force. It would be a much safer option to remain seated, and hope the steady trickle didn’t increase in ferocity, until the uncontrolled leaking stopped by itself. Although on the other hand, sitting down was more dangerous than standing up, in a leak prevention scenario.

The choice was really not hers to make anymore though, and she lowered her padded bottom back onto the seat, and opened her legs a bit, offering up a silent prayer that her leg guards were tight enough not to fail, and the trickle was mild enough to be absorbed before it spilled out. Without realising she was doing so, she started gnawing distractedly at her well worn right thumbnail, as her big nappy swelled as the wet heat spread evenly between her legs and around her bottom. She gave her crotch a scared glance, hoping that she wouldn’t see a spreading wet patch, and was surprised that there wasn’t one, especially how she could feel a hot, liquid mass pooling around her crotch, before trickling down between her butt crack. The overflow lasted for an agonising ten seconds at least, and she couldn’t believe her hand came back dry after she gave her bottom a subtle rub when it finished.

At last the unstoppable leak finally ceased, but she knew that she had to get to a toilet very quickly, before her bladder decided to give up altogether, or perhaps even before a lingering pee smell might get noticed.

She nudged her boyfriend, and whispered at him. “Danny? Can you take me to the toilet please? I don’t know where it is.”

Dan simply pointed at the door that was less than ten feet away from her chair. “Through there babe. Go through the laundry.”

She mentally kicked herself for not asking earlier, when she’d first noticed her need building up. Unreal! There was a toilet right beside her, and she’d still wet her pants! Sometimes she felt like she’d never learn. She picked up her bag, which was stashed underneath her chair, and scurried into the adjoining laundry without anyone paying her any attention. As soon as she started walking, her bladder protested, and by the time the toilet door was safely locked, she was incredibly desperate. Her jeans were pulled down as she started wetting herself again, and there was no way known that she could possibly get her diaper off in time.

Having no other option, she swung her diapered butt onto the toilet, and breathed a deep sigh, as any semblance of control was lost, and a massive torrent of pee was unleashed inside her already sodden nappy.

This time, it was completely overwhelmed by the flood, and she spread her legs, as twin waterfalls erupted from the leg guards, tickling her thighs, before splashing noisily into the water below.

By the time Amy had finished wetting herself, her nappy was completely saturated, from the front to the back, and was constantly dripping into the toilet. She had to do something to stop that, or she would leave drips all through her pants, which were around her ankles, and probably all over the floor as well. Grimacing slightly, she reached down, and gave the huge, discoloured incontinence pants a tight squeeze, and was rewarded by the excess urine running out the sides and all over her hand. She squeezed it from front to back, draining as much out as she could, and coating her hand with hot and sticky pee in the process.

Eventually, she opened her diaper bag with her clean hand, and took out a plastic bag. She hovered over the bowl while she removed her soiled protective garment, which was promptly bagged without making a mess. The wet wipes soon followed, although it took a few before she felt clean enough to tape herself back into a fresh diaper again. Not wanting to put the smelly bag into the bin, she stashed it back into her bag again, before thankfully washing her hands with hot soapy water in the laundry sink.

Although she felt as though the entire room would be waiting for her return, she was pleasantly surprised to find out that she hadn’t actually been missed. Not even her mum had noticed her absence, and although Danny automatically put his hand on her leg when she sat back down, he only gave her the briefest of distracted smiles. The animated conversation he was having with the boys currently held most of his attention.

Amy noticed that Nikki looked to be deep in private thought about something, but not wanting to draw any attention to her own return, and as such her sudden departure, she merely sat down, and tried to get a handle on how the conversation was going.

From what she could gather, the grownups had universally decided that the showers and laundry were a priority, followed by the toilets, while the boys were discussing a hair brained scheme involving borrowing a dirt bike.

“Boys,” she thought a touch disdainfully.

Peter spoke up, getting everyone’s attention again.

“Ok. Now that’s sorted, here comes the bad news.....”

The chatter died down, and everyone looked at him.

“We’re gonna need to leave early. And I mean damn early. We head off on Thursday morning....at 1am.”

This was greeted by a chorus of moaning from nearly everyone in the room, but Peter continued to talk over the top of it.

“It’s going to take more than nine hours to get there, especially towing trailers, and factoring in rest and meal stops. If we are going to have any chance of getting that plumbing working on the first day, we’ll need to get there before lunchtime. If we meet at the roadhouse on the highway at one, we can grab a coffee and a feed, then our next stop will be in Geraldton, around 6:30-7:00 o’clock for breakfast. Paula, I’ll drop the car off to you on Wednesday afternoon so you can get packed, and you kids will all need to be organised as well. We’ll all have an early night Wednesday, get a few hours sleep, and be ready to leave by midnight. Then Mario can buy us all a coffee at the truck stop. Any questions?”

Dan put his hand up. “What’s the sleeping arrangements dad? Who sleeps with who?”

“I hope you don’t expect to be in with your girlfriend, buddy?” Peter said with a grin, which made the adults laugh, except for Sue, who uttered a shocked exclamation, “PETER!”

“Aw Jesus dad! No! That’s not what I meant, and you know it!” Dan blurted, blushing furiously.

Peter shrugged. “It doesn’t matter too much to me. Your mum and I will have a van of course, and you can obviously sleep there as well, unless you boys want to share together? Amy and Niki can share a van, if they don’t want to bunk in with their parents. That’s up to you lot to work out. All the vans will need cleaning out before we can use them, but I believe there’s some big ones there. The workers can share or have one each, whatever works.”

“I don’t wanna share with dad, he snores too much,” Matt said with a cheeky grin at Jack, who looked affronted. “What about it boys? Wanna share a van? It’ll be like a massive sleepover!”

Dan and Scott bounced with excitement at that idea, and looked expectantly at their parents, who nodded their approval.

“What about you Nik?” Amy asked. “Wanna share?”

Nikki agreed straight away, although Amy thought she looked a bit distracted by something, but she appeared happy enough with the suggestion.

Troy was the next with a question. “What’s this “Lodge” you keep mentioning, Mr Jacobs?”

“Peter,” he corrected with a smile. “You’re a working man now Troy! You don’t have to be so formal. But a good question. The Lodge is like a big, old guesthouse at the park. It’s only one story, but it has six or seven bedrooms, and it’s own kitchen and stuff. It’s for larger groups, or special occasions, or people who don’t like caravans I guess. I believe it’s in pretty good shape, as the previous owner used to live there, but it needs a little bit of work. The power and plumbing is ok, so we won’t be working on it, although I think Mario has organised a painter for it. I don’t know who, and it’s not my business I guess. I don’t have to pay him. There’s going to be a landscape gardener there as well, a local business from the town, someone that Mario has hired. I think Mario might actually stay in the Lodge for a few days at least, and look after that side of it, but he won’t interfere with us too much.”

“What about food?” Sonia asked. “I take it us girls are cooking?”

“Don’t worry about that too much Son. I reckon we’ll do more barbecues then anything else. But we’ll just buy whatever we need from the local shops, and keep the receipts. Probably have a few meals at the pub too, plus there’s pizza and Chinese just down the road.”

The discussion raged on for a bit longer. It was decided that Sonia needn’t take her own car up there. She would go with Paula and her kids in the dual cab ute, and Amy could spend the night at Danny’s, and go up with them. Matt and Scotty would go with their respective fathers. All of the extra workers would take their own cars, as they would need their tools.

The kids made plans to download a lot of music and movies onto their iPads or laptops, and a myriad of things that would need to be bought or found was discussed.

Everyone agreed that they had roughly forty eight hours to prepare for the best family holiday that they had ever had.

*1031*2019-08-19 23:08

{{4 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Totally great chapter Barry. the scene is now more or less set for a great working holiday for everybody. Looks like Nikki will be having lots of pairs of wet knickers tho...

}}

I thought that would be the final chapter of Part 4, but the kids have something else in mind! One final chapter to complete the set up, just to add some icing to the cake.

*1035*2019-08-20 10:05

Chapter 61.

Late Monday night, Nikki.

Troy was in his room, while Nikki and Paula sat at the kitchen table drinking tea. The younger girl was starting to get herself wound up, while her mother was doing her best to calm her.

“Of course I wanna go mum. You know I do. I’m not like trying to spoil it for Troy or anything. You know that. It’s just porta-loos? Huh! No effing way! You know I can’t handle those.”

“I think you’re worrying about it way too much Nik. I understand how you feel, but come on, you haven’t even tried one for years! Who knows? Maybe it’ll be better now? You won’t know unless you try. Look, if it’s really that bad, you can just do a wee in the bush. I’m sure you won’t be the only one. I’ll come with you and help. You don’t want to risk wetting your pants around Scott and your friends, do you?”

Nikki, who actually loved wetting her pants around her friends, except for Scott, (so far) just tried to look suitably shy.

“But what if I do, mum? What if I have another accident? You know I can’t hold on very well sometimes?”

“Look Nik. I suggest you wear a dress or a skirt until the toilets are fixed. That will make it a lot easier to just go in the bush, and if you do wet yourself, you can get changed without anybody noticing. Let’s face it, after the amount of wet knickers I find in your room sometimes, I think you should be used to it.”

Nikki blushed furiously. Apparently she hadn’t gotten away with her “walking home from school pees” as much as she thought. Mega embarrassing. But, she had a sneaky plan in mind.

“You know I don’t like the school toilets unless I really haveta go,” she mumbled, shamefaced. “You make it sound like I do it on purpose or something.”

Paula sighed. This was turning into a repeat of previous conversations again. “No baby. I know you don’t. Just like when your sheets get wet sometimes, it’s an accident. I don’t think you do it on purpose, although I don’t think you try hard enough to prevent it sometimes either! I know if it was me, and I knew that my bladder wasn’t very strong, I’d be doing everything in my power to prevent it, including using any toilet I could if I had to go.”

“But muuummm,....”

“Look Nik. We’ve been here before. I’m not going around and around on this again. I know about your ‘thing’ with strange toilets, and I’m not going to give you a hard time over it, am I? I’ve been washing your clothes forever, and I don’t think I’ve ever been mean to you about it, have I?”

Nikki looked shyly at her mother, shaking her head slowly. “I know that mum, but this is a bit different. I mean, what happens if I want to poo? I can’t just like do that in the bush, can I?”

“We’ll all be in the same boat, sweetheart. Look, I’ll make sure we make a potty stop at a roadhouse or something before we get there. Someplace with a proper toilet, and we can all sit down there. If you do need to go once we’re there, you can leave the door open a little bit so you can see out, and I’ll stand guard outside the door, ok?”

Nikki took a deep breath. She was dreading what she was about to say next, but also secretly excited.

“Ok mum, but there’s something else as well. Something that’s like really scaring me a bit...”

Paula patted her daughter gently on her hand. “Come on Nikster. Tell me. I’m sure we can work it out, whatever it is.”

Here goes nothing, the young teen thought to herself.

“What happens if I wet the bed up there mum? Everyone’s gonna know, especially Amy. My bed’ll get all wet, then Scotty will know, and my life will be dead set over!”

“Oh Nik. I don’t think that’s going to happen anymore. You’re getting a lot better with that now.”

“Happened last week,” she mumbled.

“You were tired sweetie. You fell asleep without going to the toilet, remember? We’ll just make sure that doesn’t happen.”

Nikki pounced on her chance.

“But if the toilets aren’t working, I can’t go into the bush in the dark, can I?”

Paula had to admit, that walking into the bush in the dark wasn’t ideal. “So what do you suggest Nik?”

Her heart thumping in her chest, Nikki played her trump card.

“I know you don’t like it mum, but I think I’d feel a lot better if you got me some pull ups again. You know, just in case?”

Paula sighed. She hadn’t bought her daughter pull ups for a long time, going with a mattress protector instead, and making Nikki do her own laundry if her sheets got wet. She knew damn well that if Nikki wore pull ups, she was a lot lazier about using the bathroom before bed. By the time her daughter had turned twelve, Paula had been starting to suspect that her daughter was actually using them on purpose, and making no effort to get up. The fact that she wet herself every time she wore them to bed, and rarely had an accident when she didn’t, was a good indicator that they only made her lazier.

But still, this was a unique situation.

Going away for a big sleepover with all her friends, with the possibility that there might only be a toilet that she hated with a vengeance, well, it did put a new spin on things. It would be virtually impossible to strip her bed and wash her sheets without anyone knowing what happened, especially since she would be sharing a van with her best friend. Plus, what would happen if she did wet the bed? She would ruin the mattress, which would be another expense that they couldn’t afford.

“I’ll think about it,” Paula said tentatively. “Now you scoot off to bed.”

Nikki beamed. “Thanks mummy! You’re the best!”

Tuesday Morning, Nikki.

Nikki woke up feeling squirmy. Last night, she had been committed totally to her plan, but now, in the harsh light of day, she was having second thoughts. After the embarrassment of her last set of wet sheets, with her mother and Troy insisting that she go to the doctor if it happened again, she had vowed to herself that her deliberate bed wetting days were over.

Still, if she ever wanted to wear pull ups again....

Nikki had gone to bed wearing an old, oversized t-shirt of her mother’s, and a pair of baggy grey sleep shorts. Her hand found its way under the covers, and she applied a gentle pressure to that special spot she had discovered when Amy had rubbed the diaper rash cream onto her. Her fingers found that hidden nub of pleasure, and started tracing slow, languorous circles upon it.

In her mind, she was imagining how nice it would feel to just pee her pants in the bed, just one more time. Her fingers pressed down harder, her legs opened wider, as her bladder protested a bit. She had woken up needing to do a wee, which is how these naughty thoughts had started running through her adolescent mind. She really was quite desperate to go, probably more so than she had been in the past, when having a real accident was a fairly regular occurrence. Oh, if only she could wear pull ups to bed like she used too.

Her bottom wiggled against the mattress, as her breathing began intensifying in depth and regularity. Perhaps she might just do a little dribble? Just enough to give herself a little wet spot on her pants to play with, but not enough to actually get the bed wet?

No, she decided. Last night her mind had been made up. Regardless of how her mother or Troy reacted, she was going to have another “accident,” her last ever, just to convince her mum that letting her wear pull ups on the trip was a sensible idea.

She relaxed her bladder muscles, as her rubbing intensified, and she opened her legs even wider. That was enough for her slightly weak bladder to let go, and she felt something moving from deep inside herself, running towards that little opening where her hand was.

At the same time, a separate, tingling sensation started simultaneously from deep within her tummy, her groin, her lower back, and even her toes, which began to curl with anticipation.

Her orgasm began to slowly build, as she felt a spreading wetness burst through the front of her grey shorts, before pouring down in a large waterfall between her spread thighs, and soaking her bottom and the sheet upon which it sat.

When it hit, she clamped her legs tightly together, as her bladder gave out completely, covering her hand, and the both the top and bottom sheets with her pee. She dragged her knees up, and rubbed herself furiously as wave after wave of intense pleasure filled her body, leaving her sweaty, panting, and simultaneously wide awake and spent at the same time.

When she looked down, the pink sheet covering her had a wet patch the size of a dinner plate on it, right across where her lap was. When she pulled that back, her once light grey sleep shorts were now almost completely dark, and glistening with wetness in the early morning sun, and the dark pink stain on the bed almost reached from side to side.

She took a minute to get her breath back, and by then, her pants and t-shirt were already starting to get cold. Nikki swung her bare feet onto the floor, and sat up, then used the dry part of the top sheet to wipe and blot as much wetness away as she could.

Now for the part that she was dreading.

Nikki steeled herself, then crossed the hall to her mothers room, praying that Troy wouldn’t be up at this hour. She took a deep breath and held it, trying to make her eyes water. She snuck in, and gently rocked her sleeping mothers shoulder, waking her up.

Nikki issued a loud sniff, and pulled the front of her sodden shorts out tight, giving her mum a perfect view.

She used the saddest, most upset voice that she could muster without actually crying.

“Mummy, my bed got all wet again...”

Tuesday Evening, Aiden.

After Aiden and his sister washed up, they both excused themselves to their rooms. Aiden wanted to try and get an early night, as his dad wanted to leave at 3am for their big trip. His bag was already packed and in the car, and his clothes laid out. His mum had told him that they would wake him up at 2:45, and he could go to the bathroom, get dressed, and go. Dad would buy them breakfast at a roadhouse. This was totally rad! He wondered if he’d even get to sleep tonight!

His excited thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door, and both his parents came in. His mum sat on the bed beside him, while his dad sat at the boys desk, holding a plastic bag, which he quickly passed to his wife.

“Dad and I want a quick word with you Tiger, about this big trip.”

The boy smiled and nodded, wondering what surprises were coming next.

“You see, Champ,” his dad began awkwardly, “your mother and I, that is, we both think that you might need a bit of, um, extra help I suppose, you know, when we’re away?”

Aidens big blue eyes shone innocently from his cherubic face, his blonde hair neatly combed to one side, looking like the very definition of angelic, in his TMNT pyjamas.

“Help with what dad?”

His mother chose to answer, knowing how uncomfortable Sean felt about the whole thing.

“Help with sleeping, Tiger. We’re worried that you might do a wee in your sleep while you’re away, especially if you have a big day and get really tired.”

Aiden felt the heat rising up his neck. He never got into trouble for wetting his bed, but he was sooooo humiliated when it happened, and he hated talking about it.

His mother saw him blush, and pushed on.

“Daddy and I think it might be a good idea if you had something extra on, in case you do have an accident honey, so we bought you these.”

He knew straight away what was in the bag that she handed him. He may not have worn them for awhile, but there was no mistaking the distinctive shape and colour of what was inside. Pull ups. The ones aimed at little kids, with the picture of Lightning McQueen on the front.

His stomach sank, but his heartbeat also increased a bit as well. Aiden always had a love-hate relationship with his special sleep pants. He absolutely hated knowing that he still needed them, but he always felt a lot safer and more secure when he wore them. But it was so embarrassing though, especially knowing that his dad didn’t like him wearing them. He threw the bag down onto the bed.

“Uh-Uh. No way. I don’t need baby pants mum. You know that. I’m practically all better with that stuff now.”

Sean was secretly pleased by his sons reaction. He’d really hoped the boy wouldn’t be pleased about it. It was a good sign that the kid was actually trying hard.

“Mate,” he said kindly. “We know you are, but let’s face it. You’ve had two little setbacks this week. It’s not the end of the world, and we certainly wouldn’t be asking you to wear them, if we were staying home, but we’re not. You and I are going to be the first ones there. The caravans won’t be ready until the other tradesmen turn up on Thursday. Tomorrow night, we’ll be sleeping in Mario’s big house. You don’t want to have an accident there, do you?”

Aiden sniffed loudly, and not trusting himself to speak, just shook his head.

“And what happens after that, if you get your sleeping bag wet? We’d have to hang it outside to dry, where everyone could see it! Plus, we don’t want to get the bed in the van all wet either.”

He gently put his forefinger underneath the boys delicate chin, and tilted his head up.

“Trust me, Tiger. Just for this trip, then never again, I promise.”

Aiden sniffed again, but kept his composure. “Ok dad. If you say so. But only for this trip. Deal?”

“Deal,” Sean said, and wrapped the boys small hand in his big one, and they shook on it.

“Time for bed now buddy,” his mother said, kissing him on the forehead.

“Um, do you guys want me to like put one on now or anything?” Aiden nervously asked.

“No mate. Just go to the toilet now, before you go to bed. You’ll be getting up in about six hours anyway. You’ll be fine tonight. I think you’ll only need these if you get super tired or something.”

“Thanks dad, thanks mum. It’s prolly a good idea,” he admitted, then climbed into bed, on top of his “Just in case” towel.

Aiden was awoken at a quarter to three, by his mother gently shaking him. He had been in a very deep sleep, and was very groggy when he eventually opened his eyes. His mother finally got him out of bed, and pointed him towards the toilet, although she also had to stop him when he almost walked past it.

Even emptying his bladder and washing his hands didn’t really wake him up much. He couldn’t ever remember waking up this early, not even on Christmas Day! His mother found him almost asleep on his feet in the bathroom, and took charge of running the brush through his hair, before guiding him back to his room. Sean wasn’t in the best of moods, so she just wanted the kiddo dressed and ready to go as soon as possible.

“Arms up,” she instructed, and the sleepy boy complied, letting her pull his pyjamas over his head.

“Pants please Tiger,” and he simply took them off and stepped out of them.

She held his underpants open for him to step into, then his baggy grey shorts, before adding a tracksuit top to his t-shirt. Finally, she sat him down, and put his socks on for him.

“It’s like dressing an over tired toddler,” she thought with a grin. He slipped his socked feet into a pair of crocs, added his baseball cap, and staggered into the kitchen like a little zombie.

He managed to stay awake until they got to the roadhouse, where the lights were so uncomfortably bright, that they made him squint. Sean didn’t want to hype him up on sugary drinks, so he bought the boy a large, unsweetened orange juice instead.

“You need to go to the bathroom again before we go, Tiger?”

“No dad. I went before we left home,” he mumbled.

Ten minutes down the road, the boy had drunk nearly all of the juice, and fallen fast asleep again. Sean was glad. If the little bloke got another couple of hours now, he’d be a lot better for it later today.

Three hours later, the sun started coming up, and Aiden had barely stirred. They were well out of the city by now, making good time on the open highway. Sean was wondering if he should wake the boy up, or just let him sleep. He was like a boneless little rag doll, head slumped to the side, arms hanging loosely near his hips. There was a rest stop coming up, with a toilet block, and Sean figured it would be a good excuse for a quick stop to stretch his legs, and let the boy use the bathroom.

He glanced across at his son, preparing to wake him, when he noticed Aiden had a big wet patch rapidly spreading across the front of his shorts as he remained asleep.

Wednesday Night, Daniel and Amy.

As Sonia was going with Paula and her kids, it had been decided that Amy could spend the day with Dan, including the night, then go North with him and his folks. The kids had been busy all day, helping Pete pack the trailer, going shopping with Sue, and generally running around everywhere. Dan had wanted to set the air beds up in the lounge again, but Sue had strongly disagreed.

“But we always sleep in the same room together,” he protested indignantly. “Why do we have to change now? It’s not like we’re gonna “DO” anything.”

Sue tried to placate him, while Amy just stood back in silence, feeling uncomfortable. She would much rather sleep in the same room with Danny, and not in a strange room by herself, but she could understand Sues point.

“I know that Dan. I didn’t say you would. It’s just a timing thing. We’re going to basically just wake up, and leave. We’re not going to muck around putting the air beds down, and I don’t want to come back next week and have to deal with them, especially after a nine hour bloody drive. Besides, your dad and I want to watch a bit of tv in there, and I want you two to have an early night. You might need a shower when you get up, and we HAVE to leave by 12:30, so no arguing please. I’ve already made up the guest bed for Amy, and I’m sure she’ll be quite comfortable in there, won’t you sweetie?”

Amy nodded, not wanting to inflame the situation. “I’ll be fine in there Sue, thank you. Come on Danny, let’s just go and watch some tv in your room, ok?”

She took him by the hand and led him towards the stairs before he could continue the argument with his mouth. Honestly, it seemed to her that Dan and his mum were arguing a lot these days.

Sue watched them trudge up the stairs holding hands. Amy had wet herself earlier, and had showered and changed into some pretty pink pyjamas, while Danny was wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants, with his diapers waistband sticking out.

“You leave that door open too mate,” she shouted after him. “I’ll be up at nine to make sure you guys are ready for bed.”

She heard a mutter. “What did you say Daniel Jacobs?”

“Nothing mum,” came a muttered reply, and she sighed. That boy! Grrr.

At ten minutes to nine, her and Peter were ready for bed. She saw Danny’s door was ajar, and although the light was off, the flickering ambient glow of his television could be seen.

Peter went to the door and peeked in, then turned to his wife and made a “shh” gesture, before whispering “Come here sweetheart. Check it out.”

Sue joined him at the door, and looked in. The tv was on, with the sound down low, while the kids lay on top of Dans double bed. He was on the right hand side, laying on his back, with his left arm stretched out. Amy lay on his arm, curled up and facing him, with her left hand resting gently on his chest, both fast asleep.

The adults backed silently out of the room. “I’ll have to wake them,” Sue declared.

Peter shook his head. “Let them sleep honey. We’re getting up in three hours anyway.”

“Oh come on Pete! We can’t just let them sleep together!”

He kissed her delicately on the nose. “Why not honey? They’re just sleeping after all. They’re dead to the world. If you wake them, you’re going to have two disturbed kids to get back to bed. Leave ‘em alone I reckon.”

“Come on Peter. They’re only fourteen for Christ’s sake! They shouldn’t be sharing a bed together.”

“Look Sue. You’re right. They’re only fourteen. They’re kids. They’re not hurting anyone. It doesn’t look too much like an orgy to me. Leave them be. They’ll feel a lot better if we let them sleep uninterrupted.”

She sighed. It went against everything she was trying to accomplish with them, but she could see the logic of it. If she woke them, they would go to the toilet, brush their teeth, have a drink, and completely wake up. At least this way they were getting some rest.

Shaking her head at what she was doing, she snuck in, and retrieved the spare quilt from Danny’s wardrobe, and gently draped it over them. They didn’t stir.

Sue left the door ajar, although she was beginning to wonder what good that was going to do.

*1038*2019-08-21 14:18

Part 5.

Dan and Amy on vacation.

Chapter 1. Road Trip.

Sue walked back into Danny’s room at midnight, wondering what she was going to see. She was pleasantly surprised to find that both of them were laying back to back, and still fast asleep. She had to admit, they did look adorable asleep together. Before waking them, she took a quick snap with her phone, and sent it to Sonia, along with a short note assuring her that nothing untoward had happened. All she got back was a rolling eye emoji, followed by a laughing one.

When Sue woke them, there was initial confusion. At first they couldn’t comprehend how they had ended up asleep in bed together, and tried to hastily assure Dans mum that nothing had happened.

She let them ramble on for a few seconds, before laughing and explaining what had occurred, and how she had covered them up. When she left, there were two red faced teenagers wondering how on earth it had even happened.

Both of them were dry, so no shower was required, although they obviously both used the toilet straight away. As Dan was almost dressed already, he simply added a hoodie and his sneakers, and he was ready to go.

Amy had given it a lot of thought, and she wanted to be as prepared as possible. She would usually opt for a tape up diaper, but had been assured that a few rest stops were already planned, and she thought that a tape up would make using the toilet or changing more of a hassle. As the big pull up was still dry, she left that on, and added an old green skirt which came to mid thigh, a pair of black socks, and her own pink hoodie. Instead of shoes, she opted for wearing casual rubber slides, so she could take them off in the car. Once dressed, she giggled at her reflection, wearing the strangest mismatched clothing she’d ever assembled. But hey, it was midnight, only her friends were going to see her, and she wanted to be comfortable. After a final toilet break, they were ready to leave.

Neither of the kids noticed that a thick blanket had been folded across the back seat for them to sit on, and Dan had grabbed another one for them to use as added warmth for the trip, which he draped across their legs, so they didn’t even see the seat in the dark.

At the roadhouse, the convoy slowly assembled. Jack was already there, filling up his truck, and the big five meter boat he was towing. Paul arrived towing his trailer, and began filling, while Peters ute, and the one Paula arrived in, were already full. Paula impressed the men by reversing the trailer like a seasoned professional. Amy said hello to her mother, who had decided to have a last minute cigarette with Dans parents, as Nikki grabbed her arm, and dragged her into the shop, heading straight towards the toilets, while the three boys started chasing each other around the car park in an impromptu game of tag, until their fathers threatened them with violence if they didn’t all settle down.

“Guess what I’ve got,” Nikki whispered excitedly, once they were safely inside. Before Amy could hazard a guess, Nikki lifted her dress up, and proudly showed off her pink pull up with the butterfly emblem.

Amy clapped her hands. “Oh my God Nik! How on earth did you get that?”

“Mum bought them for me. Two whole packages,” she boasted.

Amy was stunned. She knew that Paula didn’t approve of her daughter wearing them. “But how? Why? What changed her mind?”

Nikki gave an evil grin. “Maybe I might’ve like accidentally wet the bed again yesterday....”

“Oh God Nik! You’re unbelievable! Really you are. I guess that’s why I love ya!”

It was a throwaway line, and Amy didn’t see the way that her friend blushed, as she turned to go into a cubicle.

While they were washing their hands, Amy asked “So how come you’re wearing one now?”

Nikki giggled. “What if I fall asleep in the car?”

Their laughter was interrupted by the three mothers walking in together, and they quickly changed the subject by teasing each other about what they were wearing. Nikki was just as badly dressed as her friend, with a short summer dress, an old woolly jumper with sleeves a mile too long, a woollen beanie, and flip flops.

There was a McDonald’s inside the roadhouse, and soon everyone had a greasy feed of muffins, hash browns, and coffee or soda to go, and the convoy hit the road at last.

Dan and Amy sat huddled under the spare blanket he bought, and chatted excitedly as they ate their early breakfast, and went through the playlist on his iPad. In the front, Peter turned the music up, just to drown out their constant babbling. He sincerely hoped it wasn’t going to be like this for the entire trip!

But he needn’t have worried. Not half an hour later, Sue noticed it was quiet back there. She swung around to see both kids fast asleep under the blanket, Amy’s head resting on her sons shoulder, while his arm was draped around her. She couldn’t resist taking another picture, then she smiled as she watched Amy starting to suck on her thumb as she slept.

Sonia and Pete were right. They were only kids. Of course she had nothing to worry about.

Amy woke up, about two hours later, feeling incredibly comfortable and warm, snuggled up to Dan underneath the blanket. The problem was, her diaper felt warm as well.

“Oh shit,” she thought, coming awake with a jolt. “Not here! Not in Dans dads car!”

This shouldn’t have happened. She had peed twice before leaving home, and again at the roadhouse. Checking her phone, she worked out that she hadn’t even been asleep for three hours! How was that even possible? She counted back from when they had first woken up at midnight. She had brushed her teeth, and had a glass of water. Then a juice box before they left. At McDonald’s, she had got a medium orange juice. Then there was her water bottle..... A quick shake of that showed it was almost empty. The hash browns were salty, and her and Dan had been sipping away as they talked, but she hadn’t realised that she had drank THAT much! Still, she had peed at the roadhouse, so she should’ve been safe. Obviously not.

Not wanting to wake Dan up, or alert his folks that she was awake, Amy slowly slid her hand under her skirt, and felt the front of her diaper, finding it warm and puffy. When her fingers slipped inside her leg guards, they encountered a warm, squishy mass of padding, although the blanket on the seat, and her skirt still felt dry.

Wait! Blanket on the seat? That hadn’t been there yesterday, and they hadn’t noticed it earlier. Sue must’ve put it there last night for extra protection. Her cheeks burned red. Yes it made sense, but it’s still embarrassing when the grownups do stuff like that to try and help.

At least she didn’t seem to need to go anymore, at least not too badly, although she probably could if she tried. Moving gently, she slowly slipped a fresh pull up out of her bag, and slid it into the front pocket of her hoodie. That way she wouldn’t have to carry her diaper bag with her when they eventually stopped. Amy could only hope that might be soon, in case the smell of her wet nappy started wafting through the car.

Despite her best efforts of moving gently, Daniel still woke up. He yawned and stretched, taking his arm back from around her shoulders.

Amy stretched as well, pretending to be just waking up like he was.

“Ugh. Wha’ time is it mum?” He yawned.

“Nearly 4:30 buddy. How are you feeling?”

“Okay. I s’pose. Hey dad? When are we stopping next?”

His mother answered first. “Why’s that Danny? Are you wet?”

He sighed loudly. “Jesus mum. Give it a rest eh? I’m just asking.”

“Watch your language mate,” Peter warned him sternly.

“Sorry dad.” Dan sounded sheepish. “But it’s like every time mum talks to me lately, it’s something to do with my toilet problem. In case you guys didn’t realise, Amy’s sitting here beside me. Maybe I don’t wanna talk about wetting myself in front of her?” His voice started getting a bit louder. “Maybe you guys could just check my nappy in front of all my friends or something? Would that make ya both happy?”

A sudden silence enveloped the car. The boy wasn’t usually prone to outbursts like that, and even he was shocked by how he had spoken.

“Look. Mum. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just, I dunno, it’s still really embarrassing when you start bringing it up around others, ‘specially Amy, ya know?”

Pete and Sue looked at each other, a bit shocked by the touch of vehemence that they had heard in his voice. Sue sighed.

“Okay Danny. Point taken. I certainly don’t mean to embarrass you, I just thought that of all people, Amy would understand. I promise to try and leave you alone from now on.”

“Oh come on mum. Don’t play the guilt bit. Of course I want you to help me. I love you. You know that. It’s just that you keep talking to me like I’m a bloody baby half the time!”

“Zip it Dan. That’s enough,” Pete warned him. “You watch your mouth when you talk to your mother, understand?”

“Yes sir. Sorry dad,” he replied. “Mum?”

“Yes Dan?”

“I’m sorry. Yes, I’m still dry at the moment, but I’ve just woken up, and I really need to go. How long before we stop please?”

“Peter?” Sue asked.

Pete sighed. Sue had warned him that the boy was going through an argumentative phase, but he had thought she was probably exaggerating it a bit. Apparently not. He guessed all teenagers must eventually go through it.

“Maybe ten minutes Dan. Is that ok? I can’t really pull over here with the trailer on. There’s nowhere to stop, and it’s dark. Can you hold on that long?”

Dan sounded unsure. “Thanks dad. I think so.”

“Sue? Message the others that we’re going to stop at the next rest stop. It’s not far from here.”

The next few minutes passed in an uncomfortable silence. Amy almost wished she had squeezed into her mothers car. Nobody wanted to start a conversation, and they were all aware that Dan was close to wetting his pants, but after his outburst, nobody was game enough to say anything above it.

Dan shifted uncomfortably in his seat. Under the blanket, he tried to squeeze himself as tightly as he could through the diaper, and he crossed his legs. Amy patted him gently on the knee as a small sign of encouragement, and he gave her a weak smile. He felt really lousy now. Not only had he upset his mother, but now his dad was mad at him as well, and that was probably one of the worst things in the world for the boy. Not only that, be he was probably going to wet himself at any moment in the back of the car, beside his girlfriend, with his parents in the front. If he leaked, he’d have to walk around in front of his friends, and THEIR parents, maybe strangers as well, in wet pants.

It was so weird, he thought to himself. There were times that he loved wetting himself, mainly around Amy, yet at other times, it was the worst feeling of all. It just came down to whether or not he was in control.

Mentally he recited his mantra. “I’m in control here,” but he couldn’t force himself to actually believe it.

Amy put her hand under the blanket, and gently pulled his hand from the front of his pants, making him look at her quizzically, as he wriggled his butt. She guided his hand up under her skirt, and placed it on her own warm diaper, in a sign of solidarity to show he wasn’t alone.

Despite his predicament, he smiled, and gave her nappy a gentle squeeze, then returned his hand to his own crotch, re-crossing his legs the other way. He was starting to sweat now, and his tummy was beginning to hurt.

He was well and truly deep inside his “Danger Zone.”

Jack was leading the convoy, setting the pace while he towed the big boat, and a few minutes later, they saw his indicator start flashing. Sue turned and glanced at her son, and how he was squirming in his seat, and spoke quickly to both him, and her husband.

“Pete, pull over to the side of the car park, not at the toilet. Park away from it a bit. Danny, as soon as the car stops, hop out, and go beside the car, okay?”

“Mum? I can’t do that! Everyone will see!”

“It’s dark mate. It’s four thirty in the bloody morning! Besides, what’s worse, having your friends see you do a wee beside the car, or let them see you have an accident trying to get to the toilet. This way, if something happens, you can get changed without anyone seeing anything.”

Dan thought it was actually a brilliant idea, and he thanked her warmly. Pete did as instructed, passing the toilets, and going deeper into the shadows, parking in such a way that the ute and trailer provided his boy with a shield from the others.

Dan quickly hopped out, turned his back, and got his sweats and pull up down in the nick of time. The adults looked straight ahead, while at first, Amy glanced away, although the sound of his heavy stream splattering against the tarmac came through the slightly open window, and she couldn’t help but sneak a peek.

Dan had his back turned, but she could see his pee stream arcing out in front of him, cascading loudly onto the ground, where it formed a huge, rapidly spreading puddle.

“It must be nice to piss like a boy does,” she thought.

Once he’d finished, he tucked himself away, and volunteered some information to his mother.

“I made it mum. I’m still dry.”

“That’s good mate. Go and wash your hands please,” and he did.

Everyone got out and stretched their legs, while Pete, Sue, Sonia and Paula took the chance to smoke a cigarette, and the kids all went to the toilet first. Amy was able to change her wet pull up without anyone except Dan knowing that she’d had an accident.

Ten minutes later, with water bottles refilled, the convoy hit the road again.

*1042*2019-08-22 10:32

{{17 hours ago, Piddly said:

Another incredible milestone which I really thought needed to be celebrated @Barry

! That last chapter blasted you through the half a million words barrier.

Absolutely staggering!

To give a little context, the first Harry Potter book contained 76,944 words. The second was 85,141. The third 107,253. The fourth 190,637. The fifth 257,045. The sixth 168,923. And finally the seventh was 198,227.

That means not only is Daniel and Amy longer than ANY of them, but it’s actually longer than the first 4 books combined! Bloody incredible.

In fact, you’re only about 60,000 words off War and Peace, haha.

Couple of random fun facts -

Firstly, given you've typed this entire epic on your phone, that your thumbs have certainly been busy! 2,978,981 characters and counting! At an 'average' phone typing speed, you've spent something bonkers like 335hrs crafting this masterpiece. And, this is the craziest, you've likely burnt off about 13,500 calories in the process. That's like running 5 marathons!

}}

@Piddly wow! I had no idea. Thanks for that info. Do you know if that’s just for the story, or maybe it includes the comments as well?

Look out Tolstoy! I’m gunning for you!

*1044*2019-08-22 11:06

Chapter 2. Maria.

Wednesday, Aiden.

Sean and Aiden finally arrived at the caravan park a little bit after noon. The final six hours hadn’t seen a lot of conversation in the car, no matter how hard Sean had tried to cheer his son up. Aiden had become absolutely distraught after his earlier accident, and had spent most of the trip silently staring out the window, listening to his iPod through his earbuds. They had stopped in Geraldton for breakfast, then at the big roadhouse at the turn off to Peaceful Bay road for a late brunch, but no matter how hard Sean tried, the boy remained mostly morose and little more than monosyllabic in his responses.

The father felt terrible for his son, and could understand why the little bloke was so upset.

Aiden had started bawling as soon as he was woken up, completely ashamed by what he had done in his sleep. Sean had eventually calmed the crying boy down, and had dug out a change of pants from his bag in the back seat. By the time he had got his little Tiger nearly ready, another car had pulled up at the toilets, and a woman quickly lead a small boy into the ladies room with her. Aiden wiped his eyes, which were completely bloodshot, and blew his nose into a tissue, then had a drink of water, before finally allowing his dad to let him out of the car.

Before they had finished the walk to the men’s room however, the woman and the little boy had re-emerged, the boy no longer wearing his pants, only underpants, a t-shirt, and flip flops. His underpants and the bottom of his t-shirt were visibly wet.

Aiden cringed when the woman, carrying the little boys jeans, saw the state of Aidens grey shorts, and gave him and his father a warm smile.

“Little boys, eh? Don’t worry about it mate, accidents happen. It’s all part of long drives in the car. My Tom had an accident too, and he’s nearly nine years old. Don’t look so upset.”

Aiden had wanted to scream “IM 13! IM NOT A LITTLE BOY!” But he had just averted his eyes, and given a wet sniffle, before taking his clean shorts into the men’s room, while his father stopped and spoke pleasantly to the lady.

When he came back out, carrying his wet clothes, he saw the lady dressing Tom beside the car. Tom didn’t look at all bothered by his accident, and was laughing as he stepped into the clean undies that his mother was holding out for him.

Aiden cringed as he remembered his mother doing exactly the same thing for him earlier on. It was a jarring reminder for him about exactly how small, and undeveloped he still was now he was officially a teenager. It made him feel like a stupid little baby, that he still wet his pants and let his mum change him.

“Even Dan wouldn’t ever let his mother help him get changed if he had an accident,” he thought. Of course he knew nothing of his friends experience after his gastro attack last week.

His thoughts were interrupted as they entered the town boundary of Peaceful Bay. They could see the town proper just up ahead, but Sean slowed down, and pulled into a short driveway with a big new sign beside a closed gate, that proudly announced in bold, colourful letters, “Peaceful Bay Caravan Park,” with an added diagonal sticker across it saying “Opening Soon.”

Sean was glad to see the boy smile at last, as he asked him to get out, and open the gate, which he drove through, letting his son close it again behind them.

Aiden paused to look around.

The driveway went past a registration office, with an attached kiosk that was currently closed. The road then swung around a massive field in a huge oval. Around to the right, were a set of drab looking grey concrete buildings, with old signs attached, saying “Men’s Room/Showers, Ladies Room/Showers, and Laundry.” Behind the buildings, and running parallel to the park road and the highway in both directions, was a series of huge hedges and trees, shielding the interior of the park from the road. From the right of the toilet blocks, in front of the hedges, were a collection of older vans, all permanently fixed on site, most with solid annexes or awnings attached.

When he looked to the left, set back behind the kiosk, was a huge, ranch style building, with a covered porch running around all four sides, hanging above the front steps was a rustic looking sign, “The Lodge.”

In between The Lodge and the kiosk, was what appeared to be a brand new playground, with swings, monkey bars and slides, set into a base of soft, pure white sand, next to which was a basketball and tennis court, both surrounded by wire fences.

Around the back of the field, there were a few sparse trees, in front of a big, slightly overgrown sand dune, with various paths and signage pointing to the beach beyond. Aiden could even hear the distant sound of waves gently caressing the nearby shore.

Finally, the middle of the oval was basically bare, save for the empty concrete slabs and small power pole hookups for the visitors short term vans, and in the middle, a large open sided gazebo, fitted with barbecues and gas burners. “Camp Kitchen” read the sign above it.

All in all, it was a fairly impressive place. He felt his spirits begin to lift once more. They were finally here! Maybe he could put the worst part of the trip behind him at last.

Sean turned left at the kiosk, and pulled up outside The Lodge. They were getting out of the car, when a heavy set man in his late fifties appeared from inside. He had olive skin, thick white hair, and a big, white, bushy moustache. When he spoke, his Italian accent was noticeable.

“Sean! You finally made it buddy! How was the drive my friend?”

Sean grinned, as he and Mario lightly embraced, patting each other on the back. Sean introduced Aiden, and Mario solemnly clasped the boys small hand in both of his own, and made a formal hello.”

“This is a fine young man you have here Sean! He’s gonna be a heartbreaker with the ladies in a few years!”

The adults laughed, and Aiden blushed, although he took an immediate liking to the big Italian with the booming voice.

“Sean! You come for a quick walk with me eh? I promise not to hold you up, but theres a coupla things I find that I need to show you. Come! Stretch your legs. It won’t take long, I swear. I can’t go too far, the missus and my little girl will be here soon. She’ll kill me if I haven’t got the stove working when she gets here.”

Sean grinned. This was “So Mario.” Always thinking ahead and making mental lists. The lovable bear of a man had a mind like a steel trap, which was what had made him as rich as he was today. He turned to his son.

“You want to come for a walk Tiger? Or just hang around here for a few minutes? Up to you. We won’t be long.”

After the long drive, Aiden really didn’t feel like walking around with the grownups, talking about his dads boring painting job. He knew they would be discussing serious work stuff, and he’d just be in the way. Besides, that brand new playground looked intriguing.....

“I’ll stay here dad, and have a look around, if that’s okay?”

He waited for them to walk off before he crossed the grass to the playground. He felt a bit silly. After all, 13 was prolly a bit old to be going there, although he was certainly small enough to fit on everything.

Happy that nobody was around, he treated himself to a couple of goes on the slide, and a quick swing, which ended with him jumping off with the swing at its highest peak, to see how far he could get. After all, the sand was very soft.

After that, he tackled the monkey bars, eventually swinging his legs up, and pulling himself up to sit on the very top, where he had a good view of the entire park.

The sound of an engine made him turn his head, and he watched a big saloon car slowly drive past, and pull up behind his dads truck. He didn’t feel any particular embarrassment about being caught sitting up there. At least they hadn’t seen him on the swings or the slide.

As he watched, a heavyset woman with black hair got out of the drivers seat, and a moment later, the back door opened, and a young girl emerged. Aiden was a little bit too far away to see her clearly, but he could easily tell she was the lady’s daughter, based on her slightly darker skin tone, and long, raven black hair. She was wearing what appeared to be a rather dirty looking white t-shirt, and black lycra bicycling shorts, and was barefoot. She looked to be even shorter than he was, at least from this distance, and he would’ve put her age somewhere around ten years old.

The little girl took a couple of steps towards the house, then stopped, turning to stare directly at him. It was a forceful looking stare, with no self consciousness behind it whatsoever. She could clearly see him looking back at her, but she held his gaze almost challengingly, although she did appear to be smiling.

Aiden wasn’t used to be stared at so directly. In fact, he got through most days just simply trying to blend into the background, and her direct gaze was a bit unnerving. He was about to turn his head, when she gave him a wave, a gesture full of self confidence. But before he got the chance to return it, her mother said something to her, and made a shooing gesture towards the house, and the barefoot girl turned and ran inside.

For some strange reason, Aiden felt a bit shaken up. He couldn’t understand why having a girl looking at him and waving would make him feel that way. I mean, she was pretty, but she was only a little girl, and he didn’t usually pay much attention to girls of any age. Only a year ago, he would’ve happily told anyone who asked that girls were yucky and stupid, however just lately, he was beginning to change his mind. It wasn’t something that he’d actually put a lot of thought into, but he had to admit that nowadays, he was beginning to find them, well, interesting at least.

He saw movement, as the door of The Lodge swung open, and the girl reappeared, leaping off the porch in a single bound, and running straight towards the playground. He watched her run, noticing how she ran more like a boy than a girl, her arms pumping like pistons at her side. As she approached, he could see her in greater detail. Her white t-shirt definitely had something spilled all over the front, her knees were grubby, and her jet black hair billowed out messily behind her. She was probably older than he had first thought, at least older than ten, and the first signs of breasts were visible underneath her dirty top.

She leaped over the row of bricks keeping the sand in place, and her grubby bare feet kicked up a plume of it as she landed in front of where he sat on top of the monkey bars.

“Amazon.”

The word popped into the front of Aidens brain. At school, they had studied myths and legends, and he had been quite taken by the tale of the giant, super strong female race of warriors. At the time, he had never considered how an all female race would reproduce, or what their young offspring would look like, but something about this girl made him think she could be the perfect example of a child warrior.

“Hi. What’s your name?” She said forthrightly, meeting and maintaining eye contact with him, almost as if she was challenging him to lie.

At first he was a bit taken aback, but he noticed the slight smile on her lips, and the glint in her big hazel eyes, that seemed to take in every detail of him all at once.

“Aiden,” he replied.

She giggled. “Aiden? That’s a funny name. I like it. I’m Maria.”

Aiden jumped down to stand in front of her. Now she was in front of him, he was aware that they were almost exactly the same size, or maybe she just came across as bigger than she actually was. He wasn’t exactly sure just what he was supposed to say.

“Hi Maria,” was all that came to mind.

“How old are you Aiden?” The question was asked without any preamble.

“I’m 13,” he said.

“Pfffft! You are not!”

“Am too,” he replied, before thinking that probably wasn’t the best response if he was to convince her that he actually was a teenager, and for some reason, that seemed really important all of a sudden.

“You don’t look it,” she said, eyeing him all over.

He was about to say something rude, but he saw her sly grin, and he quickly realised that she wasn’t actually being mean, but was just teasing him nicely.

He smiled at her. “Well I am. I’m in year 8 and everything. I go to St. Marks.”

“Cool,” she replied, lunging forward and grabbing the monkey bars, and effortlessly pulling herself up on top, where he had just been. “Come on up. Aiden.”

The boy wasn’t as graceful as her, but he returned to his perch without any trouble, and sat beside her.

“How old are you, Maria?”

“I’m twelve,” she replied.

It was his turn to go “Pffft!” You are not!”

She didn’t seem at all perturbed that he doubted her. “Yep. Sure am. I’m a bit small for my age I guess, but I already got my periods and everything. I’ve had ‘em five times already! And check this out! My boobs are growing.” With this, she puffed her chest out, and pulled her t-shirt tight against her, showing off the small bumps underneath.

Aiden was flummoxed. Apart from his stupid sister, he really didn’t know many girls, apart from cousins, and none he’d ever met had ever been so open or forthright as she was.

“So. Why are you here? Aiden.” It was strange the way she separated his name. Like she was playing with it, but she did seem to like it at least.

“My dads a painter. He’s doing some work for this Mario guy. We’re gonna stay here for awhile, while he, well paints stuff.”

“Mario’s my papa,” she said, matter-of-factly. “He owns this place, but I guess you kinda know that already. It’s nice. I like it here.”

Before Aiden could respond, Maria said “Uh-Oh,” And he looked to where she was looking. Her mother had been unpacking the car, and had gone into the backseat.

“MARIA,” the lady shouted, in a voice accented with Italian, looking around the yard.

“I gotta go,” Maria said. “But I’ll be back in a minute. Wait here for me. Aiden.”

It sounded like a direct order, but before he could respond, she had jumped lithely off the bars, landed on her feet, and run off, calling “Coming mama.”

Aiden felt out of breath. She was like a little dynamo. More in control than almost anyone he had ever met, including most grownups. He could only dream of having the sort of presence and self confidence that she obviously possessed. He watched her run towards her “mama,” finding himself extremely interested in watching the way she ran. There was something about her that just attracted his eyes. His heart was pounding a bit, as if it was him running barefoot across the grass.

He couldn’t take his eyes off her, watching her skid to a stop in front of her mama. Mama pointed at something in the car, and the little Amazon appeared to shrug. He watched as her mother reached down, and patted Maria on the bottom, then gave her a very light spank, and sent the girl inside, giggling all the way.

No more than three minutes later, she was back outside, wearing bright pink leggings, but still barefoot, as she ran back towards the playground again.

“What was that about?” Aiden asked.

Maria climbed back up beside him again. “I hadda little accident in the car. Peed my pants a little bit. Mama saw it on the seat. She made me change my pants.”

Aiden nearly fell off the monkey bars. The way she just said it was so casual, as if it was nothing at all. She didn’t appear to be in the slightest bit embarrassed about it, either telling a strange boy she had just met, or laughing about it with her mama.

“Did, did you like get into trouble or anything?” Aiden stammered.

She laughed. “Don’t be silly. Aiden. Mama knows that little accidents happen sometimes. She was just a little bit cross that I didn’t change my pants right away.”

“Why didn’t you?”

“Cause I saw you here, silly. I wanted to come and say hi. Besides, those pants always dry real quick when, I mean if I wet them.”

His jaw dropped. “Does it happen a lot?”

“Not really. Sometimes, I guess,” she said with a careless shrug. “It kinda only happens if I’m playing outside usually. Like running around and stuff. But today, I really needed to go like super bad, and I almost made it. But a teeny bit came out just before we got here. Then a bit more before I got to the toilet. To be honest, I was pretty wet I guess.”

“And your mum doesn’t mind?”

“Mama doesn’t really mind, but she likes me to get changed straight away. Sometimes, if I’m playing outside, and I don’t wanna go in just yet, I might like just pee in my pants, then go get changed later. I always tell mama it was an accident, but she knows it sometimes isn’t. But as long as I don’t do it at school or around other people, she usually doesn’t care too much. Usually.”

“Wowwww,” Aiden muttered.

“I’m like the baby of the family,” Maria explained. Mama and papa had me like late.” She giggled. “I wasn’t planned or nothing. I’ve got six older brothers and sisters. The oldest is nearly forty, and the next youngest to me is twenny something. Plus I’m like you. I’m pretty small. So they kinda treat me a bit like a baby I guess. I can get away with having a little accident every now and then. I wouldn’t say mama like let’s me or anything, but she never gets mad if it happens.”

“So you kinda do it on purpose sometimes?” Aiden asked.

“I wouldn’t say ‘on purpose,’ Aiden. But I guess that I don’t always like try as hard as I should to hold on if I’m just playing outside by myself, and sometimes, I do have real accidents, like in the car today. That wasn’t on purpose, cross my heart,” she said solemnly, making the cross gesture with a grubby hand.

“Mama even makes me wear pull ups to bed. Even though I don’t hardly ever wet in my sleep anymore. But they’re nice to wear. Just in case.”

She lowered her voice to a whisper, even though there was nobody around. “They can be like really handy if I’m playing video games and don’t want to pause it. Mama doesn’t really mind, as long as I get changed after.”

Aiden was speechless. He could not believe that this pretty girl, (wow, yes, she WAS pretty, although he didn’t know where that thought had come from) had just openly admitted to him that she sometimes wet her pants, even on purpose! She didn’t even know him properly. Yet.

“I hope you don’t think I’m weird or something. Aiden?”

“No! Not at all! It’s just a bit, uh, ‘unusual’ I guess. I kinda wasn’t ‘specting you to just tell me something like that!”

She turned her big hazel eyes on him, and he felt his heart flutter. He just didn’t know what else to say!

“What about you? Aiden. Surely you musta wet ya pants before? Or your bed?”

She saw the blush creeping up his face immediately.

“Look at you blush! You have, haven’t you? You gotta tell me all about it!”

He almost fell off the monkey bars, but she grabbed his arm with surprising strength. Amazon strength.

“You know what? Aiden. You and I are gonna be good friends. I’ll bet we’re gonna have a lot of fun playing together!”

She kissed him on the cheek, and his blush deepened even more.

*1047*2019-08-22 22:31

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Nawwwe Aiden has himself a little girlfriend how adorable but that was a fabulous chapter I can't wait to see how things with Aiden and Maria unfold

}}

Hehe. Poor little Aiden has had such a hard time lately. I wanted to give him someone he could relate to more than the “big kids.”

I realise that there are a lot of characters, but so many of them are just peripheral to the story. Obviously Sue, Sonia, and Peter are important, but the other adults are really just window dressing. I don’t want it to get unwieldy. The main focus should be on the kids that are there, and Ali.

Although, you never know if a grownup might make a surprise cameo in one chapter....

@Melificentfan as usual, thanks for your continued support. I appreciate it.

*1049*2019-08-23 06:27

Chapter 3, New Friends

Wednesday-Thursday Part 1

“So come on! Tell me! You must’ve wet yourself before. Every kid does sometimes. At least once!”

Aiden shifted uncomfortably. This wasn’t a conversation he was used to having with other kids, or ever really wanted to, especially with pretty girl-type ones.

“Why do you wanna know?”

Maria shrugged, her big brown eyes boring a hole deep into his soul.

“Dunno really. But I do. Come on, I just told you about me. Aiden.”

He sighed. It was pretty obvious that she wasn’t going to drop it. Maybe he could just make something up, just to keep her happy.

“I suppose I did, when I was younger of course. Not for a long long time now. Maybe when I was like 8 or something.”

Maria smiled at him. “You’re lying,” she declared. “I can tell. You look all nervous, and you won’t look at me. Commmmmmme onnnnnn! I told you my secret!”

“I didn’t ask!” Aiden blurted out.

Maria’s face fell, and she suddenly looked downcast, like a chastised puppy. “You think I’m really weird now, dontcha? Guess I shouldn’t of said anything. I get it, I’m sorry. I’ll leave you alone. Aiden.”

She lowered herself down gently this time, instead of jumping. Her earlier energy wasn’t there anymore, and now she did look a lot younger, and a little bit sad. She started walking off, head slightly bowed.

“Maria! Wait! Don’t go. Please? Come back up here. I’ll tell you some stuff. Promise.”

She turned to look at him expectantly. “You don’t have to. I guess it was a stupid thing for me to tell you anyhow. It’s just you found out that I wet my pants in the car, and I guess I just didn’t want it to be a big deal. I thought if I told you how my mama doesn’t care too much, then maybe you wouldn’t either. Pretty dumb, huh? I shoulda known that big high school kids don’t talk about stuff like that.” She turned away again.

Aiden jumped down, and hurried to catch up with her, grabbing her by the elbow. He was fascinated by this little Amazon girl, and couldn’t let her just walk away, even if it meant he had to tell her stuff he usually wouldn’t talk about. He was used to being the outsider himself most of the time, and now he’d made her feel like one. Besides, she was the only other kid here yet, and she was almost the same age as him! Who knew how old the other kids would be, if indeed any other kids even showed up. If they were older, or even the same age, they wouldn’t want a shrimp like him hanging around, and although little kids could be fun in small doses, he didn’t want to hang around with them for a week. He liked Maria, maybe a lot already, and it was vitally important to him that they become friends.

“Don’t go Maria. Stay here and talk to me. Please?”

He hadn’t seen the way she grinned when he grabbed her by the arm, and she was quick to wipe the smile from her face before turning around.

“Are you sure? We don’t have to talk about stuff like that. I guess I was just kinda hoping that you’d know what it’s like to have an accident. At least one.”

He found his hand slipping gently into hers, and he guided her towards the swings, where they sat down together. She looked down, tracing circles in the sand with her big toe.

“I do know what it’s like to wet myself, Maria. It’s happened a few times. It still happens every now and then if I get really excited or scared. I don’t like full on wet my pants or anything, but sometimes a little bit comes out. I still wet the bed sometimes too. It’s happened twice this week, and it happened on the way up here today, when I fell asleep in the car. If you don’t believe me, go look in the window! There’s a big old towel on the seat. My folks even got me pull ups to wear at night up here, in case it happens again, and I haven’t worn those in like forever. Or at least a year.”

He almost mentioned his incident at camp, but he decided that he’d probably shared enough information with her to start with. He couldn’t believe he had only known her for about half an hour, and he’d told her all of that! He must be crazy! But, something told him that he could trust this little warrior girl with his secrets.

“What about on purpose? Ever done it on purpose?” She started swinging.

Aiden kicked up, and joined her. “Honestly? No. Not that I can remember.” He paused, “Except...”

Just like that, she laughed again. “Exccccepttttt? Go on! Tell me!”

Aiden laughed too. “Does my swimsuit count? I always do a wee in my shorts or swimsuit if I’m playing under the hose, or with the slip-n-slide, or at the beach.....”

“Me too!” Maria giggled. “It’s fun! There’s a big beach just over that hill! You and me can pee in our bathers at the beach!”

Aiden couldn’t help but laugh. It was such a strange thing to say, but he realised that he would actually love to pee in his swimsuit with her at the beach! It sounded so naughty!

At the same time, he decided it would be his shorts, not the speedos his mum had packed. He only ever wore them in his backyard. They were soooo revealing, and he didn’t have much down there that he wanted to reveal.

Mario and Sean returned a few minutes later, and chuckled at the way their kids were laughing and talking at 100 miles an hour, as they swung higher and higher, trying to beat each other. Maria saw her father, and launched herself from the swing, easily outdistancing the mark that Aiden had made earlier. She landed like a panther, and ran towards the men.

“Papa!” She squealed, as the older man opened his arms, and she ran straight into them, almost knocking the wind out of him as he wrapped her in a big hug.

“Ooof! Princess! Go easy. I’m an old man you know! Sean my friend. This is my baby girl, Maria. Maria, this is Mr Simmons, he’s a going to paint this place up real pretty.”

A lot of kids would be a bit bashful being introduced to a new adult, but not Maria. She let go of her father, and held out a small hand, looking directly into his eyes with a smile.

“Hello Mr Simmons. I’m Maria. You must be Aidens papa? Nice to meet you.”

Sean smiled. “Guilty as charged. Pleased to meet you too, Maria. You’ve obviously met my boy then?”

She grinned. “Yep. He’s really nice,” then turned back to her father. “Papa, can I show Aiden around the place, please?”

Mario ruffled her already messy hair. “Of course you can princess, but why don’t you go put some shoes on first, eh?”

She just laughed. “I don’t need shoes on papa! Come on Aiden, let’s go,” and she grabbed his hand, and dragged him along behind her without him even saying a word.

Mario chuckled. “My little Maria. She’s a real fireball, eh Sean? Your Aiden wanna watch out. She can be real bossy sometimes. She’s got the heart of a tiger, that one.”

Sean grinned. He didn’t know about her heart, but she had a good grip on his little Tigers hand as they ran off. It was really cute.

Maria knew the place like the back of her hand, and the kids started exploring. She knew which of the on site vans were unlocked, and they looked through every one of them. Aiden picked out what he thought was the best one to share with his dad later.

The surrounding trees and bush weren’t thick, and didn’t go back very far. In fact, if you went in a little bit, you found the fence that surrounded three sides of the park. The ground was rough in places, covered with sticks and pebbles, but Maria’s bare feet trod as easily as if she was wearing sturdy shoes. She showed him a hollowed out tree that she had thought would make a great fort, and a fallen log they walked across.

By now, it had been nearly five hours since Aiden had used a toilet, and he suddenly felt it building up. He had been so totally caught up in his new friend, that he hadn’t even noticed it until now. They were standing behind a bunch of bushes, when he felt a touch of urgency building up, and he realised that he was subconsciously starting to grab at himself “down there.” Feeling a bit embarrassed, he quickly let go of his pecker, and pulled his hand away, but not before Maria noticed.

“You needa pee, dontcha?” She was grinning.

He blushed slightly, bringing his knees closer together, but trying to look casual. “Um. Yeah. Guess I kinda do. Should we, uh, like go back or something?”

Don’t be silly. Aiden.” Again she pronounced his name separately. “No ones around, you can just go here.”

Being a boy, he was used to peeing outside, and didn’t usually have a problem with it, except he’d never done it around a girl, except his sister, and that booger-head didn’t really count as a girl. He shuffled his feet, and touched at himself again.

“You sure?”

“Sure I’m sure! ‘Less you wanna pee your pants. It looks like you’re gonna! Tell you what. I’ll go over there and keep a lookout while you pee, then you do the same for me, cause I sorta gotta go too.”

Maria disappeared out of the bushes, and Aiden pulled his shorts down at the front, and peed heavily onto the ground. It didn’t soak into the hard earth immediately, and by the time he’d finished, there was a big, muddy puddle.

He shook himself dry, tucked himself away, and shouted “Finished!” Then turned around and squealed, nearly having a heart attack, because Maria was standing right behind him, watching.

“Jesus! What’re you doing there? I thought you was the lookout?”

She smiled. “S’okay. I can see alright from here. Now you keep watch for me. I’ve gotta pull my pants right down.”

Aiden left her to it, making sure he was nowhere near her while she did that. He could only just imagine what would happen if his father, or even worse, Mario would say if they found him alone with Maria with her pants down!

A few minutes later, she re-emerged from the bushes, brushing some leaves and twigs off. When he looked at her bright pink leggings, he saw a very visible wet spot between her legs. It wasn’t very big, maybe a bit bigger than a ping pong ball, but it stood out in sharp contrast on the tight pink fabric. He couldn’t help himself, and he pointed to it.

“Did you just pee your pants again?”

She chuckled. “No, silly. I made it just fine, but I didn’t have anything to wipe with. Girls have to wipe after they go. We can’t just shake it like you did!”

“Uh, did you see me do that?”

“Yep! I was watching you AND keeping lookout at the same time. I saw you make a puddle, then shake your thing. It looked funny. But we can’t do that, so we gotta wipe. It’s not too bad if we have panties on, they’ll kinda soak it up a bit, but I’m not wearing any.”

Aiden was stunned. Of course he knew girls had to wipe, EVERYONE knew that, but she didn’t have any knickers on?!

“Why aren’t you wearing panties?” He asked.

“Remember when I got changed? Well obviously my knickers were soaked, and mama hadn’t got my bag outta the car. These leggings were still here from when we came up last week, so I just put them on. I was kinda in a hurry to come and meet you, cause you looked nice.”

She plucked absentmindedly at the little wet patch, and her grubby fingers left a mark on it.

“Um, Maria? You prolly shouldn’t touch it like that. It’ll leave a dirty mark, and your mum, uh, mama might see it.”

Maria shrugged. “I already toldya, mama won’t care, unless I have a big accident that I shouldn’t.”

She winked at him, stepped forward, and whispered.

“Do you know why I had these pants inside the house?”

Aiden shook his head.

“Cause I hid them there last week. I hadda accident on the swings. Like a real one. I was going to go to the toilet, really I was, but I waited too long, and peed myself before I could get off. Here, look at the back of them.”

She turned around, and lifted her dirty shirt up, and bent forward, showing him her bum. When he looked, he could see a faded round stain on the lower part of her buttocks. Her pants were already grubby, like her shirt, and he hadn’t really looked at her bum properly before, but now he did, he could see two discoloured half moon stains quite clearly.

“I snuck inside and hid these in a closet, but they’re dry now, at least they were...” She tugged at the small wet patch between her legs, making it dirtier, then shrugged.

“Come on. Aiden. We’ve got lotsa stuff to look at yet!”

&&

