A wet morning

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-06-09 16:40

So this is just a story I came up with, not a request or anything, just felt like doing it.

She was uncomfortable, she knew that much. She'd been having a rather pleasant dream regarding her and a few of her favourite fictional characters, when a twinge from her lower abdomen caused her to stir. Looking at the time, she groaned as she saw that it was only 5am, she would be up in three hours time, so she took her earplugs out, put them back in the container she kept them in and rolled over, going back to sleep.

As she slept, the twinges in her bladder became more existent, causing her to toss and turn on many an occasion and the next time she looked at the clock, she saw that merely half an hour had passed since she'd woken up the first time. She wasn't a big drinker during the night, except when she had a cold or a sore throat, then drinking was a necessity to remain comfortable during the night, it was the amount of liquid she probably drank during the day that was her downfall.

She wasn't a particularly thin girl, in fact many BMI calculators would put her at obese and at 18.5 stone she could see why. Rolling over onto her stomach, she folded her arms under her head and attempted to go back to sleep, but this only made the twinges in her bladder even worse. She sighed and contemplated just letting go, but mentally shook her head. She didn't really want to be answering questions as to why she was changing her bed yet again, so holding it until she could get up without disturbing anybody was her only choice.

Releasing a sigh, she rolled onto her back and finally the twinges stopped and she was able to go back to sleep. With one hand over her ever filling bladder and one hand perched upon one of her 40G breasts, her breathing deepened and she fell into another REM cycle. Her dreams were filled with people around her desperate to pee, which subconsciously caused her own desperation to elevate slowly, but strangely enough seeing the people in her dreams become desperate and grip themselves was making her aroused too.

She often found that if she was forced to hold her pee, whether in the car or out somewhere, she would become damp in her intimate area, but she never thought that it would make her become aroused. Anyway, she continued to watch the men in her dreams grip themselves and do the potty dance and she continued to become damp between her folds. The next time she woke up, it was with a sting spasm of her bladder, another groan escaped her lips as she once again looked at the clock to find that she had an hour to go before she could get up without disturbing anyone else.

Laying in her bed and staring at the ceiling, she tried not to focus on the oncoming stomach ache that was brewing due to her holding her pee for so long. She folded one leg under the other and closed her eyes again, her hand unconsciously going to rub at her swelling belly. It was funny really, she was fat and she knew that she was fat, but she could still feel the swelling of her bladder and when she pressed lightly, not only did she increase her desperation, but she could feel how hard her bladder was becoming. Looking at the time again, she narrowed her eyes when she saw that mere minutes had passed since she'd last looked. This was going to take forever!

Closing her eyes, she decided that she would at least attempt to get some more sleep in before she was absolutely forced to disturb everyone to go to the bathroom. Thankfully, sleep found her yet again and she managed to go into a relatively dreamless sleep, only to be woken again what seemed like minutes later, but an even more forceful urge to pee. Once again looking at the clock, she saw that it was a few minutes to 8 and if she waited a bit longer, her bladder could get the release it craved.

However, a door opened and she closed her eyes knowing exactly who it was. Her sister was at work today and she was to go in early, so that meant she would be hogging the bathroom until at least 10 past 8. Looking up at the ceiling again, her ears picked up the sound of her sister taking a piss and she fidgeted a little in bed, the noise making her desperation a little worse, then was the sound of the isolator going on and she groaned. The shower was more noisy than her sister wetting into the toilet and she could hear the water streaming out of the shower head and hitting the floor.

Unconsciously, she slipped a hand under her panties and pressed against her labia while also swapping the leg that was under the other leg. That did little to ease the urge though and she bit her lip. Soon, the shower went off and she slowly sat up in the middle of her bed and began to find her pyjama top under the mountain of clothing she'd put on top of her pyjamas the night before. When she found it, she was just putting it on when she heard another door open and her posture deflated. Her step-dad was coming out of the room to have his morning shit no doubt.

She quietly growled to herself, her step-dad always took ages in the bathroom because he had to do he shit, wipe, have a piss or the other way around and then he got dressed and put his spray on too. The worst part was that he never ever sprayed the air freshener after he was done, she she was often forced to wait until the stench of his bowel movements was gone. When he was done and he finally came out of the bathroom, her desperation was reaching a critical point where she was beginning to feel sick from where she was holding for so long.

She was about to get up out of her bed when yet another door opened. Once again her posture sank as her auntie came out of her room. Because of her auntie's age, she was the priority when it came to using the bathroom, because otherwise the latter would have an accident and that would give her something else to moan about. So, she sat back down on her bed with her hands wedged tightly between her legs. She couldn't keep still now, her legs were bouncing and she was squirming an awful lot. Her eyes screwed shut as she felt the telltale signs of a few dribbles escaping her urethra and landing into her panties.

Gritting her teeth, she tried to cross her legs tighter and when she heard the toilet flush, she got up and hobbled towards her bedroom door. Taking her hands away from herself, it was unsightly to have a woman holding herself like a young child, she reached out to open the door, only to find that her mother had now taken the bathroom. She groaned in defeat, knowing that she wouldn't be able to hold on much longer she looked around the room and spotted a few big towels. Closing her door, she hurried over to the towels as to not disturb her overfull bladder and pulled a couple of the towels down. They were thick, that was good and very absorbent too. Arranging them on her bed, she sat down on it and waited. She didn't want to purposely wet the bed, she would wait until her mother was finished in the bathroom.

More and more dribbles began to escape her and she jammed her hands between her legs even more, hissing as she caught some of her pubic hair with her rings. As soon as she heard the toilet flush again, she got up and walked to the bedroom door again, opening it in time to see her mother come out and head down the stairs with the others. Finally she could go to the bathroom. She waddled into the bathroom and groaned as a big leak escaped her, soaking through her panties and dripping onto the linoleum floor. Closing the bathroom door, she locked it and shuffled over to the toilet bowl, but this proved to be too much for her bladder as a tingle went up her spine and suddenly, her pee began to stream out of her.

Picking up the toilet lid quickly, she didn't care about pulling her panties down, she simply sat down on the toilet and let what was happening happen. The relief that flooded her was astronomical and as soon as she was finished, she took her soiled panties off and put them in the sink. Her auntie often moaned about how because she was a big girl, she often marked her panties with a discharge that stained them, so she got into the habit of washing her panties off with hand soap and elbow grease in the mornings. She wiped herself and got up to do the deed of washing her panties, before getting into the shower.

