Milly does it again

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2013-03-09 02:13

Very soon, Milly would be wetting herself in front of the whole class, again.

It hit her all at once. She didn't even recall feeling any sign of the slightest need in the last minutes. Last thing she knew, she was confessing to Tanya about her accident in the mall. She was about to switch to the the plane episode when suddenly, she was sitting on a hard chair in Miss Thompson's class, unable to counter the unexpected pressure her bladder inflicted on her incompetent peehole. Caught off guard, she called both her hands to her crotch in a fast and uncontrolled motion, throwing her pencil box to the ground in the process. She blushed as everyone turned around to contemplate her young slender body switching every few seconds between a tensing and shaking state.

A raging stream hitting her palms, tears welling up in her eyes, warm wetness spreading around her middle... She, more than anyone else, knew exactly what was happening.

Still quite dubious she could leak so uncontrollably and so suddenly, she opened an eye and looked down to her lower body. A dark spot was expanding around her hands as she felt her smooth skin stick to the the soft cotton of her cute purple outfit decorated with pink hearts.

Wait... What??? Nooo!!! She had come to school in her pajama and no one had even noticed...

“Look, she's wearing a pajama!” Now, they had noticed.

“And she's filling it with her sweet juices. How cute! Milly, you're so wonderful. I wish I had a sister like you” It was Brian, one of her younger brother's friend.

Wha... What was he doing there? He was in second grade. Why was he in her class? As she looked around, she noticed it wasn't her class. She was in her brother's class, surrounded by nine years olds, all looking in awe at the wonderful soaking of her pajama.

With great efforts, she managed to kill the embarrassing stream. Still, she had peed herself, and she still needed to go as much as before. Every time she tried to relax,her inflated bladder assaulted her tired muscles.

“Here, Milly, use this. I don't need it anymore.” Her little brother was standing beside her, holding a thick diaper in front of her crimson face.

“What? No! I don't... Why? What's happening?” She felt like she was losing consciousness. She closed her eyes for a second, or a minute, she couldn't even tell. The only thing she felt for sure was the wetness spreading around her privates. There was no fighting it...

“Milly, You would be more comfortable in the little girl's room.” Miss Thompson said as if it was granted. Right after the confused child managed to nod in agreement, she was sitting on a toilet seat, alone in a typical school's bathroom.

Strangely, although she was positive her impatient pee was still escaping her insides, she didn't hear the sound of it hitting the water. She looked down and started to feel dizzy, unable to have a clear sight of the endless stream. When she looked back up, she noticed she wasn't in a school's stall, but at home, in her comfy private space. She felt like it was the first time she relieved herself in her secret commodities and relaxed as the shy stream transformed into a confident torrent. By the way, she didn't even know she had her own bathroom...

As she tried to think about it, everything around her turned black. It was as if she was lost in deep space.

She couldn't feel anything but a warm sensation spreadig from her knees up to her chest.

"Milly..." Three seconds of silence.

"Milly ?" Her dad's voice. How could this be?

“Yes... I'm almost done.” She mumbled with a sleepy voice.

(to be continued...)

