Moving Right Along

Author: ChildOfShadows

*000*2013-02-09 04:41

For Tina5422. It always sucks to be a writer with no audience.

I don't like this part a whole lot, and I suspect it's mostly due to plot (of which there is none), but will continue for the general sake of continuity and the knowledge that the next two are very plot-rich and well-written. It is in fact a sequel to my previous thread A Shot in the Dark, and takes place just hours after the previous installment.

We almost got caught before dinner. I came down the stairs in my dress, looking for all the world like a grown, stunning woman. Alec met me at the bottom, taking my arm in his. We both took one step towards the door—and you could hear the record scratch as the background music stopped.

"Where are you two going?"

We both stared straight into the eyes of the assistant principal, standing in the lobby. My brain began racing furiously, trying to find an excuse that sounded reasonable.

"Miss Faulkner made the highest score on my semester exam last month," Alec lied smoothly. "The reward was a nice dinner, and she chose to have me accompany her."

"Congratulations, Miss Faulkner," the assistant principal nodded at me. "Do see if you can keep him out of trouble."

Halfway through dinner, I realized I had to pee. Alec had gotten upset with himself earlier, but he had been noticeably excited when I had the same problem. With this in mind, I elected to do absolutely nothing about it.

Alec, of course, had wine. Being eighteen by only a matter of weeks, I did not, and he wound up drinking most of the bottle.

When we came back to the hotel, Alec was half drunk and a little unsteady, and I was desperate to pee. I was dancing about, partially for show, and could see his excitement and approval showing clearly at the front of his pants. It was shortly after lights out, as well, and the students were in their rooms.

I slipped into my room to get into my pajamas. Mostly for show again, plus they didn't squeeze my bladder so much and weren't particularly valuable if I wet in them.

Alec already had the bed stripped down to the sheet, providing a safe environment for me to be in.

"I have to pee so bad," I informed him, stalking into the bathroom. He followed, concerned until he saw me standing in the shower, dancing.

"Care to join me?" I asked.

He vaulted in, nearly losing his balance. I helped steady him, nearly losing it in the process.

"Mmph," I mumbled, my lips suddenly very busy. I jumped briefly as his hand slid up the inside of my thigh, resting at the crotch of my pajama pants, then relaxed as much as I was able to without peeing.

He squeezed. I jumped again, surprised, and accidentally rewarded him with just enough of a spurt to get his fingers wet.

He stepped back then, watching me dance. I smiled, pulled my hands away from my crotch, and let go. Pee poured down my legs, puddling in the floor of the shower,

Alec began to moan softly. Unzipping his pants, he began to touch and stroke himself to burn off the electro charge long enough to allow me to finish. Before I was done, he came where he was standing, sending a spray into the puddle between us.

I finished, and was unable to resist thrusting a hand into my own pants. Alec looked at me, and back at himself. There was little hope for the bed as he pulled my hand out and lifted me up, kissing me desperately. I bucked in his arms, and the cooling wetness between my legs began heating up again. Alec was re-dispensing his wine down both of our pants, purring like a cat.

I woke up in my pile of clothes. Alec had apparently managed to carry me across the hall in his semi-drunken state without waking me up and get back to his own room.

The phone rang again. That was why I was awake—the wake-up call.

Unfortunately, our little joyride was over for the trip. The other days were scheduled full of tours and such—and to top it off, a student couple had been caught doing it. Everyone was under tighter security now.

Every time we passed, he looked deep into my eyes. Our hands brushed as often as we could safely allow, but nothing more. On the very last night, we kissed once in the elevator, and I was given hope for the possible future back home.

Of course, that's a story for another time.

*002*2013-02-14 23:55

Sorry this took a while. I got slightly distracted by an intense craving for chocolate and a large pool of blood.

Either way, this segment takes place some weeks or months later; a fair time after the New York trip, but still a significant time until graduation. Let your imagination fill in, or maybe I will later—maybe a close shave with a janitor, or a lockdown that's not a drill. Oh, and happy Valentine's Day; hoping everyone was enjoying their preferred relationship status.

It had been a very tight squeeze under Alec's desk, but that did little to deter us. Flat on my back and absent my turtleneck and scrunchie, I encountered an obstacle every time I moved. Alec was kissing me, hair loose and glasses safely gone, purring like a cat in a sunny spot.

I was very into the moment, moaning softly and starting to reach for his pants, feeling blind to find the zipper. I pressed on his bladder, sort of by accident.

Alec jumped, his teeth closing on my lip before he sat up.

"I'm sorry," he murmured, hunting around on his desk for his glasses. "I'll be back in a minute, I promise."

I sat up, breasts that seemed to have sprung up overnight jiggling slightly in my bra.

"Where—" I started to ask.

"Attention—school is now on lockdown."

Alec said a word I'd never heard a teacher use before. His hair was a mess, and his hand was clenched around the bulging front of his pants.

"You all right?" I asked.

He said the word again.

I stood up and began to smooth down his hair, murmuring softly that it would be all right.

"Lockdown drill will remain in effect for the next hour. No one is to be in the halls."

Alec took a deep breath, set his glasses aside, and began to kiss me again. We sank downwards towards the floor again, panting hungrily.

"Take off your pants," he growled, kneeling over me.

All I could manage with my upper body wrapped around his neck was a questioning sort of noise.

"Pants. Now," he hissed, tugging at my belt.

I complied, concerned by his irritable demeanor, and began working on his. He took all our discarded clothes and flung them, muscles rippling as he lowered onto me.

"Heads up," he murmured.

I bucked—had he gotten that excited already? But the warm flow flooding my cavity did not stop.

Alec sighed deeply as I folded my hands across his back. I could feel his muscles relaxing from sheer relief; his lips unfastened from mine to rest slackly on my jawline as he moaned in pleasure.

I felt my body go limp. He was touching me, hard; running his long, tapered fingers up and down my body and around my breasts. I thought I might pass out.

The room went black.

Someone was pulling my hair.

I groggily opened my eyes. Alec had me propped on his shoulder, and was combing his fingers through my hair to smooth it out.

"Lockdown is over in a few minutes," he informed me. "Half-nakedness and looking a mess would be bad for both of us."

He was fully dressed, of course. Shirt on and buttoned, pants clean and dry, and hair neatly tied back. I let him finish my hair, then stood up to find my jeans.

No sooner had I gotten my jeans on than Alec was behind me, reaching around to fasten the button and fly, and pressing his lips into the side of my neck. He had my bra handy as well, sliding his hands across my breasts before fastening the hooks. He slid my turtleneck over my head, folded down the collar, and placed his hands on my waist before kissing me delicately.

"Lockdown is now over. All students please report to period seven."

The kiss intensified, then broke away. I now had forty minutes of history to sit through before Alec took my home for dinner.

*004*2013-02-18 22:53

I just noticed an error in the last paragraph. Any lurking grammar Nazis mentally kicking me right now, I think I've already done a pretty thorough job.

Also, I have a new chapter. Things may slow down considerably when my posting catches up to my writing, but for now…poof.

Halfway through history, I realized I had to pee. Mr. Murphy was an old grouch, and would never let me go even if I asked. The word Alec had used earlier came to mind.

Not, of course, that it would be particularly difficult to hold it.

I was not yet desperate when I walked back up the stairs, but I was pretty uncomfortable. Also, the largish water bottle I had downed in history was working its way through my system.

Alec looked up from his desk as I walked in with a hand between my legs.

"Can you hold it?" he asked.

"If I can keep my clothes on," I countered.

He did not look particularly happy with that.

"Just until we get to your house," I amended hastily.

By the time we got there, I was desperate. Alec could see that, and was handling me carefully so I wouldn't lose it.

He sat in the center of the easy-to-clean tile kitchen and motioned for me to join him. I was too heavy for laps, but settled carefully between his legs.

We began to kiss gently, which soon escalated into a full make-out session. Alec was taking the brunt of the cold, hard tile, having tipped onto his back, while I rested carefully on top, straddling him and barely managing to hang on.

"Any time now," he murmured.

I continued to squirm. I would lose it on my own soon enough, but I was sure the squirming wasn't very nice to sit under—I took a deep breath and let go.

I could feel his approval pressing against me as the seemingly endless pee poured from between us. It seemed to take forever to finish—but no sooner had I done so than Alec was lifting me up, panting and gasping like a man in pain.

A large majority of our clothes remaining in the kitchen, Alec lost his balance and deposited us both on the shag rug in the den. He had already come once, and did so again and again, pressing my body into the rug.

I quickly got tired of this. With one powerful shove, we had rolled, and I was the one on top.

Let's just say that worked much better.

