Be good for mommy

Author: lightman

*000*2017-09-09 00:59

It was a cool Saturday morning, The sun just barely peeking out behind the trees. Not a cloud in sight. Such a Beautifull day to be going to school detention.

As we pulled into the school i found it really weird to look at without all the high school kids running around it. Granite Hills School (random school name) was a medium sized school with nothing much to it. The only thing the school is well known for is that 4 years ago it was one of the worst high schools for bullying, high pregnancies, and dropouts. Then one day they hired a disciplinary staff and everything was fixed. Being freshmen i haven't yet seen them myself and for some reason, no one ever wants to talk about it.

As we pulled up to the front of the school we were greeted by a tall 6-foot blond girl. She didn't look much older than me and i gease she was just a senior also in trouble.

“Excuse me, when will the teacher be here?” my dad asked the girl.

“That would be me, i'm Mis.Mare the disciplinary,” she said with a smile. To the shock of us both and dad got out of the car to shake her hand and apologize for not knowing. “It's no problem it happens all the time.” she then looked over to me as i got out of the car and gave me a smile.

“So how does this work exactly. Does Sara have to come here every week? Or….” my dad asked wanting to know how long i would be punished.

“Ow no for what she did today will be all. Mostly she just has to finish her test and anything else she might not have finished.” Mis.Mare told him before handing him a couple pieces of paper. “This is everything you'll need to know and i would ask you read it as soon as you can.” he nodded and she looked back to me and gestured for me to follow her into the school building.

As we walked through the empty halls she leads me to a room labeled D-1. walking in i seen that it was the size of a small class and looked like one except for the one desk in the middle of the room.

“Why is their only one desk? Aren't there more students coming?” i asked.

“Nope, you're the only one.” she told me as she walked to her desk and held up a folder as i walked over to the desk to sit down.

After a moment of silence, she turned around and began writing on the board.

1 finish test.

2 punishment/lines

As she wrote that i thought back to yesterday. All i did was not go to my math class and played on my phone in the girl's bathroom. I didn't even know we were having a test until i was caught. At least my punishment only lines.

“Before we start i want to ask if you have any other homework you would like to do while you're here?” She asked and i shook my head no. “ok so here's how it'll work you after you finish your test its punishment, lines and then you can go home.” she told me with a smile as she handed me my test and a water bottle.

The test wasn't very hard and besides Mis.Mare leaving for a few minutes to check something i was done within 40 minutes.

“Done already?” she asked as she picked up both my test and empty water bottle. Throwing the bottle away she placed the test into the folder. “Ok then now please come up to the desk please,” she asked me and i did. I guess she's just going to give me a pen and a sentence to write.

Mis.Mare then picked up the folder off her empty desk and put it into a droor before asking me to lift out my hands. When i did i heard a click and felt a cold metal around my hands and realized i was just handcuffed!

“What the hell!” i yelled as i tried to get away from Mis.Mare but she just gripped the hand cuffs harder and pulled me over her desk and looped the handcuffs into a lock leaving me lying on the desk with my legs kicking over the edge. “WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!” i screamed until but she then shoved something into my mouth and strapped it behind my head silencing me.

“I told you earlier after you finish your test its punishment, lines and then you can go home. This is your punishment before your lines.” this bitch sade with that same simple smile as if this was normal before walking behind me.

I tried to kick her but she just grabbed them both and moved them before she grabbed the sides of my pants and pulling them down to my feet. I tried my hardest to do something, to kick her but she just pushed my legs down and put her foon on my pants keeping my feet stuck in them and on the floor.

“What cute undies you have,” she said and my face blushed beat red. SMACK! i screamed as loud as i could but was muffled by the thing in my mouth.

“That's 1 for ditching class,” she said. my tears started flowing as she raised her left hand and smacked my left but check this time and i screamed again. “1 for playing on your phone during a class period.”

Mis.Mare went on from there with each bad thing i did. Again and again. By the end i was out of breath and worn out. Mis.Mare walked around her desk and opened a cabinet before looking at my red teary eyed face and gave me that same smile.

“The worst is over, just going to give you some stuff to help.” she said as she took out a paper bag and what back behind me.

After a few moments and hearing some rustling sounds she quickly pulled my panties down. I began to squirm again until i felt a cold hand on my butt.

“This is some special cream to stop the burning.” she told me before squirting moor cream on me and rubbing it in.” i was so embarrassed but at the same time i had to agree that the cream was soothing my very sore butt.

I soon began to relax a bit, or as much as i could in this situation. Until i felt something weird as she began to poke my butthole and quickly slid a finger in and i bit down hard on the thing in my mouth.

“Ow so tight. I know exactly what will work,” she said as began sliding her finger in and out and looking into her bag for something else. When she finally removed her finger something bigger was put in. “good girl, that plug fits you perfectly.”

I have no idea what the did next, i could feel she put something fluffy on my butt and wrapped it around my crotch before taking a marker and writing something on it. She then started sliding my foot out of my pants and underwear and sliding something else up my legs and over the first thing before i heard a click.

Mis.Mare then picked my cloths off the floor and walked back in front of me. Still, with that smile, she folded both my pants and underwear and placed them into the bag before taking a stapler and stapled the bag shut. Then with a marker, she wrote ‘for daddy’ on it and set it aside.

“Great punishment is over!” Mis.Mare said with an excited tone. I just glared at her.

She then undid the gag and i know could see it looked like a pacifier? She then held up a set of keys in front of me.

“Now be a good girl and I'll use this one to let you out.” she said to me.

“Fuck... you.” i panted at her but she kept smiling.

“I'll let that one go just this once after what just happened.” she said to me before she grabbed a different key and undid the handcuffs.

The moment she did i jumped to my feet and tried to run to the door but with the combination of the buttplug and a bulk between my legs, i quickly tripped and fell down.

“What the!” i said as i spun around to look at what was between my legs and my brain couldn't comprehend what it was at first. “W-wh..”

“It's a diaper sara. Something all bad kids get here.” Mis.Mare said to me as she watched me try to pake it off but it had some type of cover over it with a chain and lock. “That only comes off when you are done with your lines,” she told me.

I tried to yell at her. Tried to still leave but the door was locked. I wanted to call the cops but my phone was in my pants and she just put them into her cabinet and held out a pen.

“You can try whatever you want but you're not leaving until i get my lines. ‘I will be a good girl for mommy’ 100 times.” she told me as she sat back in her seat, that stupid smile not leaving her face. In the end she was right I couldn't do anything. So waddled my way back to the board and began reluctantly to write my lines.

I had just finished writing 28 linens when i felt a major cramp in my stomach. “Can i use the bathroom!?” i asked Mis.Mare.

“You may use the bathroom when your lines are done. I promise.” Mis.Mare said. So i continued.

I tried to my hardest focus on my lines but i kept getting those cramps every few minutes and i had to stop until it passed. Once it did i tried to write faster making my handwriting sloppy but i finally covered the entire board and Mis.Mare began counting the lines as i bent over with another cramp.

“So close but that's only 97. What bad handwriting,” she said.

“But it's close enough. Please let me use the bathroom!” i pleaded.

“Nope, i said 100 and since you can't do it the first time let's erase it all and start over.” she told me as she raised the eraser.

“NOOOO!” I screamed. “Please i'll do anything just let me finish!” i pleaded with her as tears began streaming down my face.

“Aww with a face like that it's hard to say no. ok, i have an idea. Be a good girl for mommy and come here.” she told me. I was in so grateful i didn't even bother to correct her.

I walked over to her and she spun me around. CLICK. She turned me around again and pulled the plastic covering off revealing the big white diaper i had on.

“I'll make you deal.you can either start over on the board, or you can be a good girl for mommy and finish your 3 lines on your diaper.” she told me before standing up and walking away.

I looked down at the diaper and began to writing ‘i will be a good girl for mommy, i will be a good girl for mommy, i will be a good girl for mommy. On my diaper. I looked up to Mis.Mare who help out a pink skirt.

“Good girl! Now let's get this on you and let you relive yourself,” she told me with her smile and i couldn't help but smile back as i let her help me get it on.

It was a cheap skirt and it just barely covered my diaper. I was so glad it was Saturday so no one could see me like this as we walked threw the school.

As soon as we got to the bathroom i reached for the door but it was locked. Suddenly a huge cramp hit and i fell to my knees clenching my stomach.

“It's ok. The school is closed all the bathrooms are locked but don't worry. You'll be able to go soon.” Mis.Mare told me before reaching out her hand. “Now be a good girl for mommy and take my hand.

I did as i was told and she helped me up before leading me by the hand to the front of the school.

I could see out the door and see my dad's car already waiting for us and i began to whimper.

“you're being a good girl. It's time to go see daddy. Be a good girl for mommy.” Mis.Mare said as we walked to the car and my face was bright red.

My dad rolled down the window and looked at us. “How did it go?” he asked

“It was perfect. She is almost done.” Mis.Mare told him

Wait almost? What does she mean?

“Ok ill wait.” he told us as he took the paper bag with ‘for daddy’ on it. Before turning to me.

“Be a good girl for mommy and put your hands on the car.” Mis.Mare told me with her smile and i did what i was told.

She then got behind me to lift up my skirt and slide her hand into the diaper and grabbed the butt plug. I began to whimper a bit before she whispered in my ear.

“You're going to be a good girl from now on. You won't tell anyone about what happen today. You're going to feel really good soon. And if baby girl wants to feel better then, be a good girl for mommy and use your diaper.” she said and pulled the plug out.

My eyes went wide and misty as everything i was holding in was coming out! My legs began to buckle as i squatted down and have everything come out as i began moaning from pleasure. Without realizing it i began to let go of my bladder as well.

I was on the ground shaking when Mis.Mare opened the back seat door and helped my trembling body into the car and helped me get my seatbelt on before looking me in the eyes.

She then started rubbing the front of my pee soaked diaper sending a shiver up my spine. “If baby girl wants this again then be a good girl for mommy.” she told me

I had that same smile she had and said “Yes mommy.”

*002*2017-09-09 19:42

Thank you. I'm planning on adding the next part soon. if anyone has any ideas I would like to hear them.

*004*2017-09-13 03:35

I had Sara place her hands on the car as I lifted up her skirt revealing her diaper and ‘time bomb written on the back. I then slid my hand into her diaper before whispering in her ear what to do and pulled her plug out. I quickly put the plug into a plastic baggie before placing it into my purse as the little girl succumbs to her please. Once she was done I helped her up and into the car but not before fixing the skirt up to show off her full diaper. I had to fight back a tear when I heard the girl call me mommy because I knew she was fully under then. I watched the car drive away before I walked back into the school thinking of what will happen to Sara next. As soon as they get home her daddy will follow the instructions I gave him.

The first is to leave her in the diaper for a few hours. If she wasn't broken by me this would help with the punishment, if she was, well this will be a fun experience for her.

Next would be to make a lunch and give her the chocolate I added into the bag before getting her clean and giving her clothes back. Agin if she wasn't mine she would just get more humiliation but if she was then she might start to get a fetish for it.

And lastly another diaper. Eather as a punishment or reward. Either way, it doesn't matter.

I walked into the room labeled D-2 and into my office. It was a nice place I created for myself as I sat down at my desk and opened Sara’s folder before turning on the baby monitor next to me. Over the monitor, i could hear my little girls playing happily in another room.

Back to my paper work I began writing down my session with Sara and began giving her marks. She was a good kid, easy to punish, and while hesitant at first came around real quick. I wrote a few more things before I the folder away. I then looked up at the photo of a strawberry blond girl wearing very revealing clothing and I couldn't help but think back to 6 years ago

###

I was the 2nd child in my family of 8. My mother was the type to have a man get her pregnant before forcing them to pay for the kid and doing anything she could so she wouldn't have to work. Including breaking her own leg to try to sue a small company.

Between me and my siblings we all never really got along. Most of the time it was just found for yourself. the school was no better. People new about my family and liked to call us trash. It was like the pot calling the kettle black, as most of the school was trash. The school was just full of fucked up people. If you were nice you were bullied, if you were rich you were pampered. If you were ugly you were abused, if you were hot everyone wanted in your pants. Most teachers here quit after just a year or two. It's amazing the school could even function.

The only good thing in the entire school was just one teacher. An old army vet named Mr.Hobson. he didn't take shit from anyone. Always ready to put people in their place. He was the math/PE teacher. His class was the only safe haven in the school where the bullies know they couldn't mess with him. During breaks he let us stay in his class just to get away from them. He was a great teacher until Alice Young transferred to our school. She was the very definition of hot at the school. Tight body, big chest, dressed like a slut. From what I heard at the time was that she was raped by a teacher and they moved here to get away from the memories. The truth is that she was fucking a teacher for better grades and was caught. She claimed it was rape and everyone believed her. Even though she was a junior she began to rule the school.

It was just before the second half of school that we got a progress report that showed what our grade was and a possibility to improve it before the final grade. My grades were decent, mostly C’s and B’s though I could work in history a bit more as it was a D i didn't really care and neither did my mom. Alice Young’s grads, however, were different. Every class she had were A’s except two, math and PE both at F’s. everyone knew why she flirted with or manipulated all the teachers except Mr.Hobson.

She couldn't accept not getting what she wanted and at the time her own daddy was starting to restrict her a bit so she decided to get rid of them both.

A week before grades came out the school was in an uproar. Alice Young came to school all beat up, her dad was arrested, and Mr.Hobson never came back to school. Alice tricked her dad into thinking Mr.Hobson beat and raped her so he would kill him. She then told the cops it was her own father that beat and raped her and that he killed the old man for giving his daughter bad grades.

It was just so sick and twisted what that girl would do just to get her way.

I didn't go to school for a month after that. I couldn't stand that school anymore and my mother and family didn't care. It wasn't until I heard that Mr.Hobson family was selling his stuff did I decide to finally leave the house.

Mr.Hobson had a lot of random things he collected over the years, too much for his kids to really keep. So they collected the ones that had memories and a few valuables and sell the rest.

Looking around I could see stuff from everywhere he was stationed. It wasn't until I seen a small box did I ask heat it was.

It was just some old puzzle box he got in japan. He always said it was magic and that it would only be granted to those who opened it. I got it for $5. It's not like I thought I was actually magic but it was cool looking and I wanted something to remember Mr.Hobson.

It was 3 days later that I figured out how to open the box. I was so excited that for a moment I actually thought I might see the magic! But instead, it was just an empty box. I know I shouldn't have gotten my hopes up but I still made a little wish. ‘I wish I could change people.

It was a few weeks later that I finally discovered my new abilities. By this point, i had been missing a lot of schools and my mom didn't like me lazing about the house. We got into a fight about being lazy and she stormed out of the house when I told her ‘just get a job and support your family you lazy bitch!”. The next day for the first time ever she stunned us all when she said she had a job interview. At first, i couldn't believe it and over the next few weeks i began to work on my new powers.

I have a type of hypnosis. Depending on the age and gender determine how I can manipulate them. For adults are the easiest. Their minds are full grown and don't change as much. However the younger you are the harder it is to get you under and takes a bit more reinforcement. When I finally realized this I decided it was time to get a little bitch back.

I was still learning how to control my powers but I came up with a plan to do both. As soon as I got back to school i convince the school to let me work on my grades and catch up. With that out of the way I began my research on Alice and finding out everyone she’s ever dated, for how long and why they broke up. She dated anyone with power and used them until they were useless to her. Mostly she goes after the caption of any sports team that has the spotlight on them.

It didn't take much to manipulate the track team and before long I had them all under in a matter of days. Next, I began to date the lowest man on the team eddy.

I was made fun of for a while for being trash that cadets a looser. That is until he began to get better. I simply made him focus and work harder on track and if he was up against other members of the team they would sometimes let him win. After a few weeks, i was dating the star of the track team. A zero to hero story, And Alice could see it.

Alice then began to put pressure on me to leave him or flirted with him to break up with me. And each time I would tell her ‘you're not woman enough for him’. Eventually i “caught” them making out and pretended to be heart broken. But I knew I finally won and all I had to do was watch.

Thanks to my reinforcements she wanted to be woman enough for him while he just argued with her that she was just to immature and preferred a woman that was into his kinks. It took a week but he finally texted me a picture of her peeing her pants for him.

This went on until the end of school. By now she was completely in love with him and she changed a lot. She wore less revealing clothing and instead of being a bitch to everyone she could only be at his side. Everyone thought she had finally changed, that she finally mastered. Nope. she just in lust. The clothing change is to hide the pull up she now wears and she stays so close to him is because he has the remote to the toys she’s using. It was here he told her he was ready to see her as a woman but first, she had to do something.

### Alice pov ###

It was late at night but I met Eddy in front of the school. i had a bit of a waddle as i walked up to him wearing a big coat.

“Did you do what i asked?” he asked me. my face was bright red and i was panting a bit as i opened up my coat revealing my almost naked body. The only thing i had on was a diaper, a pacifier wrapped around my neck, and a faint buzzing sound could from the diaper.

I tried to lean in for a kiss but he just stopped me by placing the pacifier into my mouth And told her not yet before taking my coat and leading me into the school. He took me into a room already prepared for us.

A bed, an ice chest and a box that already had some of my favorite toys. He leads me to the bed and began taking off his clothes. i was now getting very excited as i tried to remove the diaper Eddy stopped me saying again not yet. He then began kissing my body and play with my breast.

When he finally stopped he began to untaped my diaper. By now i was panting so hard the pacifier fell out of my mouth. He then had a good long look at my naked body. Especially at the toy buzzing away getting me ready for him. That is before he told me i wasn't ready

I then began to freak out. i didn't want to stop here! I wanted him to finally go all the way and i began to plead with him.

“Fine, you just have to do one more thing before you're ready,” he told me and i cheered. He then went over to the box and pulled out a blindfold. Telling me to wear it until he says to take it off.

With no way of seeing him, he took out my vibrator and replaced it with an even better one. “That'll keep you occupied until I'm done,” he told me and i began to tremble with pleasure.

I could hear him messing around with something and i was getting excited. i then decided to start playing with my clit when my hand was smacked away. “Not yet,” he told me. Party pooper...

After a moment i felt a nozzle go into my ass and i jumped when the warm water began to fill me. This wasn't my first enema but it still felt odd to me. “Hands behind your head,” he told me before playing with my breast again while the enema fills me up. When the enema is done i can feel my stomach bloating a bit. He rubs it and calls me a good girl as he pulls the plug out and i immediately want to go, instead, something cool is inserted.

“What is that!” I ask.

“It's an ice butt plug. The warm water in your tummy will melt it in 2 minutes,” he tells me. He then lifts up my butt and i feel him put a bigger diaper on me and tape me up.

“Are you ready?” he asks.

“YES YES I'M READY!” I yell just wanting it to be over so we can finally start doing it.

“Ok open your eyes”, he tells me and with a big smile on my face, i remove it to see a flash of bright light.

“AWWW she's so precious!” i hear a girl's voice as i blink away the flash i look up to see my boyfriend's ex standing next to him with a camera in one hand and his dick in the other.

“Wh-what?” i asked my brain going 60 miles an hour before the girl jumps on top of me pinning my hands to above my head.

“It was so fun to watch you play the big girl but i think it's time you know he never saw you as a real woman.” she tells with a smile on her face.

“b-but i am a real woman!” i yell at her as i try to get her off but to no use.

“Do you remember what i told you a long time ago”? she asked as i looked over to Eddy as he masturbates right in front of me. “ you're not woman enough for him, now enjoy your diaper for mommy.” she said as Eddy turned my vibrator on full blast!

No, no! This can't be happening! The vibrations make my entire body shack and i know it’s only a matter of time before i cum. I don't even notice that mommy got off of me as i grab the front of my diaper. It feels so good that i finally cum! My body arcs in the air as waves of pleasure wash over me.

### mommy's pov ###

I watched as both eddy and Alice had their orgasm and Alice fall back to the floor twitching while the back of ther diaper began to expand. she even began to moan even more. I knew right then i broke her and took another picture.

It was here that things began to change. To start i made my mom into a better woman by having her get a job and take care of her family. I also made my siblings to never become what our mother was. Plus i made one of them into a bed wetter just for fun before i moved out.

Alice Young was on the news as she ran away from home stealing her boyfriend's car and leaving a video of her confessing her crimes. Her father was released and Mr.Hobson’s name was completely cleared.

During that summer the school was being fixed up and i threw in a few ideas to add since i became the new disciplinary teacher. With my powers, i could possibly rule the world but i decided i wanted to help it. I wanted to turn this shity school around and make everyone a better person while also adding a bit of my own fun to it.

Eddy moved on with his life and forgot everything he did involving me and Alice. I hear he even went to the Olympics not too long ago.

I kept this picture of Alice on my desk to help remind me why i do what i do. I smiled at it than i received a buzz in my pocket. I received the message ‘is she ready?’ it asked. ‘Yes, come pick her up at 3:40.’ i replied.

Over the baby monitor, i can hear one of them wishing and i know just what was happening. I sighed and get up to check on the babies. I leave my office and into D-3 that had a staircase leading down to my home. Once i'm down there i could see my naughty baby Alice on top of baby Bobbi.

*005*2017-09-13 03:48

Part 2 is now out. working on part 3. any suggestions for what happens next? who should baby Bobbi be?

*007*2017-09-13 20:21

Glad you liked it. the next chapter is half way finished and should be up in the next day or two.

*009*2017-09-15 07:23

### this chapter was made 2 different ways. I will be posting both on two different sights. If you could please check them both and tell me what you think. Link will be below the chapter ###

I watched for a moment as Alice was humping Bobbi’s diaper before going over and smacking her leg. With tears in her eyes, she got off Bobbi.

“Bad girl! You know she gets full rights with the toy today. If you keep acting up you won't get to have ‘fun time’ at all today.” I sternly tell the Alice as I turn my attention to Bobbi and helped her up.

Bobbi was a short girl with a nearly flat chest but a very cute face and nice long black hair that touched her shoulders. walking her over to the kitchen table and sat her fluffy bottom down on a chair.

Turning to my baby Alice with a look that told her she was in trouble she followed and sat down across from Bobbi.

“It's not fair, why does she get to have it all day,” Alice whined causing Bobbi to give a slight giggle at her frustration.

“Because Alice today is her re-birthday,” I tell her as I open the cupboard to pull out a box of cookies.

“What's that?” Bobbi asked.

“It's a day where little babies are done with their training and get to go home,” I tell her and lay down 2 cookies for the both of them to tide them over until lunch is done.

“I want a re-birthday!” Alice said with a demanding tone, to which I pinched her nose and turned her to face me.

“If you keep up your whining you'll get your punishment. Do you understand?” I ask her with a smile and with fear and tears in her eyes she nods. “Good.”

I prepare them a lunch of pb&j with carrot sticks and milk before sending them both to the play room.

During the summer of when I started, i had them add a living space under the school. At first, it was the size of a small apartment with a kitchen, living room, bathroom, and 2 bedrooms. One for me and the other for baby Alice. The night I broke her I realized just how cute she was and couldn't stand the thought of her diaper butt in jail, So I kept her for myself. Now every summer when the school is being fixed up I have them add something or add more space for something. Now my home is nice and cozy, plus for those really bad kids are introduced to my “PLAY ROOM”.

Once I'm done cleaning the kitchen I sit down on the couch and finish up my little project. A little scrapbook of little bobby's transformation.

### 6 months ago

The school year was just about to started and already I had a few trouble makers early on. During the summer I'm given a list of all the new students coming in and look at what their records say about them. I don't mind the kids that get the odd detention because I'll get to them when they do get in trouble. It's the ones who are always getting into trouble that I look into.

For these kids, i go straight to the source and meet with them and their family. I then try to find the problem and fix it like making the family be more open with each other or having the parents back off their kid a bit.

I learned that kids will mostly act out because of some family problems.

But then there are the ones where I have to take over such as a bully being abused at home so he lashes out at school, a spoiled brat thinking they're top shit, to kids just being assholes just because. For them, i really get involved and soon it's all fixed.

Bobbi, however, was a different story altogether. Her mother died 7 years ago and her father remarried 3 years ago. At first, bobbi was all supportive of the marriage but when her father had to leave for months at a time she soon began to hate her new mother.

Just a week before school started I visited Bobbi's house and meet with the new mother. She told me everything that has happened. How she lashes out, gets into fights at school, was caught more than once smoking weed, and even tormenting her little step brother who still wets the bed at night at 6.

After hearing all that I just couldn't help myself but want to help. So for the first time ever, i ask the mother a question.

“Would you like that sweet little kid back?”

3 weeks into the school year I finally called Bobbi into my office. Normally I would have called her in a lot sooner but I had to get things ready and I wanted to focus a lot of time on her so I worked hard on the others just so I can focus a lot of time on her.

The punishment went smoothly. Using much the same tactic I used on Sara I used on her except I didn't put give her a laxative and I kept the locking panties on her. Telling her if she wanted out she would come to the school at 6 o'clock in the morning, 2 hours before the school opens.

At first, she called me a bitch and that i couldn't do this to her and that she would call the cops or sue. To which i told her to go right ahead. I won't stop her. This stunned Bobbi as she now began to wonder if i had some way to avoid getting into trouble or if i was just bluffing.

Before she could even try to think of something to say to me i told her to have a nice day and pushed her out of my office leaving the girl to walk home with a diaper under her skirt and being too embarrassed to do anything.

Bobbi kept quiet about what happens and when asked what happened to her pants she told her mother they ripped so the school gave her a skirt to wear home. She then went to her room and tried everything to remove the lock but found nothing worked. She wanted to try some of her dad's tools but didn't want to risk her step mom finding out.

Reluctantly Bobbi came back to the school in the early morning. Having gone without dinner for not wanting her family to somehow find out about her diaper. Plus getting very little sleep because she really had to use the bathroom.

I was happy when i saw Bobbi. I even asked if she used the diaper yet? Her face went bright red and repeatedly told me no. so i decided to check for myself. She tried to stop me but i told her i would just leave the lock on if she wanted to fight me.

I lifted the skirt and felt the diaper all over. The girl was trembling as i poked and felt all over.

“What a good girl, you keep it clean, what a good girl,” i told her which made her face grow even redder. I then ripped the skirt casing Bobbi to freak out.

I ripped it in just a way that they now wouldn't stay on the young girls frame no matter how hard she tried. “Come now, let's get those undies unlocked,” i told her before taking her by the hand and walking her through the school, leaving behind the now ruined skirt.

Bobbi was beyond embarrassed walking through the school with her diapered bottom on full display. She was just so happy that no one was around to see her like this. She just couldn't wait to get this damn thing off.

But Mis.Mare had just one stop before they got to her office. They stepped right into the boy's bathroom. Bobbi began to freak out a little more as she was dragged into the room and forced into a stall with the teacher.

Then right in front of Bobbi, Mis.Mare got the toilet ready, pulled her own pants down and began to pee in the toilet right in front of her. Seeing the teacher pee only helped to remind Bobbi of needing the bathroom even more that she began to hold the front of her diaper to try to hold it in.

“Aww, what a good girl trying to hold it in. but you shouldn't worry it won't leak.” the teacher told her with a smile on her face as she finished up.

“Like hell, I'm using this thing you damn bitch!” Bobbi said to me but i ignored it.

When we were finally at the office Bobbi was close to bursting. I walked over to my desk opened up my door and asked for Bobbi to come over to the desk. I asked her to bend down a bit so i can get to the lock and as she did i grabbed something from behind her before unlocking the panties.

“Finally!” Bobbi yelled as she tried to stand up and rush out the door to the bathroom but was stopped when a hand pushed her body back down over the desk. Before Bobbi could even ask what was going on she could feel a paddle smack the back of her diaper.

Bobbi pleaded for it to stop but Mis.mare continued. Giving her a smack for every bad thing she's done. Her body couldn't last any longer as her body began forcing her to let out everything it had.

“What a good girl, you don't waste your diaper.” Mis.mare told bobbi as tears began to stream down her eyes, wondering just how much worse this could get. She didn't have to wait long as her paddling continued!

When it was done bobbi was so tired she didn't care she was being picked up by mis.mare and walked thru the school again. This time with a full diaper on display.

The teacher took bobbi into the girl's locker room and sat the girl down on a hard bench before going over to the showers and starting them. Bobbi dint stops her when she stripped them both and forced her into the shower to help wash off the mess.

Once done bobbi was given a new change of clothes but instead of panties, she was given a pull up instead. With no choice in the matter, she put it on, along with a simple red t shirt and black pants that felt a little snug with the pull up on.

Mis.mare then lead bobbi to the nurse's room where she was told to lie down on the bed. She did as she was told just wondering what this crazy bitch was going to do next. Mis.mare just pulled out a small blanket and laid it on her.

“It’s 6:45 right now and the first bell isn't till 7:53. Take a nice little nap before school starts,” she told bobbi. Without any complaint, bobbi nodded off from exhaustion. “What a good girl.”

Bobbi spent the rest of the day in the pull-up. It wasn't so bad but the moment she got home she ripped the damn thing off to put on her real underwear.

Bobbi didn't see Mis.mare for the rest of the week and bobbi thought it was finally over until Monday morning she was called into her office. They're waiting for her was a paddle and a diaper laying on the teacher's desk.

“Are you ready for your next punishment?” mis.mare asked her

“No i don't want to do this!” bobbi told the teacher to no shock.

“I don't care what you want. This is your punishment for being a bad girl.”

“But you can't do this!”

“But i can. And now little girl you are starting to get on my nerves. You can either be a good girl and accept your punishment, or i can force you back into that old diaper you used before. I saved it just for you.” mis.mare lied to Bobbi about that last part but the look of shock and disgust on her face was priceless.

“Please, I'll do anything. I just don't want to be in diapers!” bobbi whined and the both of them stared at each other. For a minute the tension in the air was high and bobbi was afraid she might actually be put back into that nasty diaper.

“Ok I'll give you a lesser punishment.” mis.mare told Bobbi as she put away the thick diaper and paddle. Bobbi relaxed a moment until she then pulled out a pull up.

“What's that for?” bobbi asked already knowing it was for her.

“Your new punishment. You are to take this pull up and every morning at 7 you are to bring me back a full one.” mis.mare told her.

“But…” bobbi started but mis.mare stopped her.

“It's simple. You take the pull up home. You decide when to fill it. You can fill it with pee, with poop, or both i don't mind. But you must come to school wearing it. If it's not full or you decide not to do it then you'll get an even worse punishment.”

With the rules set out for bobbi, she took the pull up and went back home. She kept the pull up in her purse and was trying hard to think of some way out of this and just decided she would take the pull up and put it on just before 7 and go then.

That plan didn't work out so well as when she woke up she used the toilet before leaving and only realized what she did when she got to the school. She quickly changed into the pull-up and tried her hardest to pee but only a little came out.

Mis.mare was not happy with it. She paddled the girl and told her she had one more chance. But now not only did she have to bring in a full pull up in the morning but now after school as well!

To make sure bobbi know the risks of disobeying, mis.mare pulled out a big baggy with a full diaper. Courtesy of baby Alice that morning but bobbi didn't know that.

The mere thought of that diaper scared bobbi she held in whatever she could during the day just so she had a full pull up just for mis.mare. At night bobbi was even too scared to use the bathroom too late at night for fear she might not have enough for in the morning.

Mis.mare even gave her a little present to help her remember. A little sigh that she hung on her wall that said ‘what a good girl, remember the consequences.’

This went on for 2 weeks until one very scary morning. Bobbi pissed the bed. Bobbi was so upset that she began crying waking up her step mom who came in to check on her. The step mom then went over to comfort the crying child and to tell bobbi it was just an accident and that these things happen. But bobbi wasn't crying because of that, she was crying because she now didn't have enough to fill her pull up.

Bobbi couldn't help but cry even more when she told Mis.mare what happened. But Mis.mare is a fair woman and told the crying child that under the circumstances she would help her. Bobbi didn't know what she meant until Mis.mare stuck her hand down the back of her diaper and felt something is squirted into her butt.

Mis.mare then told bobbi to write ‘what a good girl i am’ on the board until ‘it’ happens. She had no idea what “it” was but she did as told and after a few minutes she felt a cramp. She then remembered that the pull up had to be full with one of two things. And she was about to do the second. She wanted to whine, she wanted to use the toilet, but she new mis.mare was just trying to help her.

It didn't take much longer when bobbi felt the back of her pull up to expand and just squat down to finish.

“What a good girl you are.” mis.mare told her and even helped get her cleaned up again. This time, however, she suggested that until her punishment was over she should wear the pull up to bed as well just in case of any more accidents.

It was another two weeks and she was in pull ups full time now. She figured why to waste the pull-up and underwear. She had to wear a bit more baggy clothing to help cover up the pull-up but she didn't mind much. That is until during her history class she felt a little odd. She felt wet for some reason, like she just….

Bobbi jumped out of her seat freaking some of the other students as she ran out of the classroom and into Mis.mare’s office.

“WHEN IS MY PUNISHMENT OVER!” Bobbi yelled at the teacher who only looked at her with a smile. “PLEASE TELL ME! I HAVE BEEN IN THIS PULL UP SO LONG I JUST WET MYSELF WITHOUT REALIZING IT!” she continued to scream

Mis.mare calmly got up, walked over to the girl and began to swat her padded behind for screaming at a teacher and for leaving in the middle of class. She then sat bobbi down in a chair while she called up the history teacher and tell them that she was now dealing with bobbi.

Once bobbi was calmed down Mis.mare explained that if she had gone with the first punishment that it would have been over 2 weeks ago. But because she wanted this punishment it won't be over for another 4 weeks.

Bobbi didn't even try to argue about it. She knew she couldn't win, and mis.mare could see it.

“Wow, what a good girl you're being, not whining about not getting your way. I think i might have something you can do after school that might lessen your punishment.” mis.mare said and bobbi got excited.

Bobbi didn't even care she was sent back to class in a now cold wet pull up. She just wanted this to be over.

The moment class ended she rushed to Mis.mars office just so eager to finally be done but mis.mare just told her to sit at the desk and do her homework until she was done with her work. Mis.mare wouldn't even give her a new pull up telling her she could wait a little while longer for a change.

Mis.mare then left for 30 minutes to deliver some paperwork leaving me bored and in the need to use the bathroom again. But i did as mis.mare said and be a good girl for her.

When the teacher came back she could see the young girl fidgeting in her seat trying hard not to go number 2. Without wasting any time mis.mare took bobbi by the hand and lead her to room D-3, a room bobbi has never seen open before.

Once opened bobbi could see a stairway leading down and was told to head down. When she reached the bottom she was now in a living space under the school. She was shocked that something like this could be the school that as she walked further inside she didn't notice the hallway to her right that had someone running towards bobbi and tackled her.

Both bodies hit the grand and bobbi began to freak out. One because she thought she was being attacked. And two she literally just shit herself.

“Bad Alice, you know better than to jump on people.” Mis.mare said as she pulled the blond girl off of bobbi.

“Sorry mommy.” the Alice girl said with a smile and stuck her tongue out a little.

“Wh-whats going on?” i asked now very confused.

“Well, you see my little girl here been getting a bit lonely recently. And when i saw what a good girl you were being earlier i decided that i would end your punishment early if you did just one thing.

“What's that?” bobbi asked in total confusion.

“Just spend the weekend with Alice. That's it.” mis.mare said with a smile. Before smelling the air. “Alise didn't i just change you?” turning to Alice and i finally realized that she was wearing a bright pink dress with a very notable diaper.

“It's not me!” Alice said proudly as mis.mare checked the back of her diaper before looking at me.

“Well, i guess someone's a stinky baby.” Mis.mare said to me and i couldn't help but blush hard.

I had messed my pull up so bad that it leaked all over. Getting poop on both my skirt and shirt. Mis.mare then stripped me, got me as clean as possible and threw me and Alice into a bath while she told me what was going to happen.

“I've already cleared it with your mom so you'll spend the weekend with Alice. Once that's over you are no longer in trouble.” mis.mare told me. I didn't even question it and just nodded in agreement. “What a good girl you are bobbi,” she said in praise.

After we were washed up mis.mare left us to play in the water for a bit while she threw my clothes into the wash.

When we finally got out Mis.mare diapered Alice and put her into a cute pink onesie. I was next and instead of my normal pull up she diapered me in the same thick diaper as Alice, telling me that they won't leak before giving me a long white nightgown.

I then was lead to Alice's room. It was big and pink. The floor was covered in little girl toys, she had what looked like a changing table that was filled with diapers and other baby products. On the other side of the room, she had a big book shelf filled with baby books the stuff that bobbi herself read. At first, i thought Alice would have a crib but she instead had a regular bed. She even had a giant cute stuffed animal that was 6ft tall and was very fat, it looked like something out of a cartoon. We played dolls and colored for a few hours and i had to admit i was having a little fun.

Not long after that we were called into the living room and seen it was all set up. The couch was covered in blankets. The coffee table had plates of chicken nuggets, pizza pockets, and french fries. There was even a veggie plate in the center.

“Now let's get this sleepover started.” mis.mare said as she put in a movie.

Alice and i were nice and warm under the blankets as we ate our finger food dinner and watched a cute movie. The only hard part was using the sippy cup Mis.mare gave us.

Once the movie was over Mis.mare had us help clean up the mess before having us set down blankets for a little bed in the living room. By now it was close to 8 at night.

“Ok girls who need a change before bed?” mis.mare asked us. My diaper was still clean so i didn't say anything.

“One-second mommy,” Alice said. Looked over at her diaper and saw that it too looked clean as she stood up and then squatted down right beside me. I watched in shock as her face scrunched up and the back of her diaper began to fill out. Her face then relaxed and a hiss could be clearly heard from her diaper.

“What a good girl.” mis.mare passed Alice as she waddled over to her mommy for a diaper change. “Bobbi, will you go in your diaper for mommy too?”

Immediately i thought why not? I'm already in the diaper. I just watched Alice use it right in front of me. And i really wanted mommy to praise me as well. So i get on all fours and began to fill my diaper just like Alice did.

I then crawled over to mommy who was now changing Alice. Alice giggled saying i had a big diaper butt and began to pat it.

“What a good girl you are.” mommy told me.

As soon as we were changed mommy had us lay down on the blankets while she got us out a treat for being such good girls for her. She came back with a box and told Alice to get on top of me.

“You're going to love this,” Alice told me as she got on top of me. Before i could even ask what was happening both Alice and I began to moan as something vibrating was put onto our diapers.

“What naughty little baby i have.” mommy said as she took turns playing with us both for a few minutes before rolling Alice off of me.

We were both panting when mommy began to play with Alice. Rubbing the vibrating wand all over her diaper.

“Ok Alice, tell mommy how much you love her.” mommy asked her.

“I LOVE YOU MOMMY SO MUCH!” Alice screamed as i watched her cum right into her diaper.

“Good, now bobbi come over here please.” mommy asked and patted her lap. I did as i was told and sat in mommy's lap where she lifted the front of my diaper and slid the vibrator in.

The vibrator was so intense i grabbed it as my body began to shake. Mommy then began to massage my chest and whispered in my ear.

“What a good girl you are. Now if you want to cum you must tell mommy how much you want to be a baby.”

“I WANT TO BE A BABY, PLEASE LET ME BE A BABY MOMMY!” Bobbi screamed and jolted as she too felt the joy of being mommy’s baby.

###

Bobbi’s been with us since. I personally took her out of school and been training her in my home. Playing well with Alice and her toys, even the special ones. Over time she became just as happy and behaved as Alice.

Soon my alarm went off and i got both babies ready and we walked upstairs. Waiting for us in the back of the school was Bobbi's stepmom, or should i say, new mommy.

The new mommy was very surprised when we came out the back door and for the first time in a long time could see what bobbi had become.

Bobbi was wearing a light blue dress with frills covering her diaper. Her hair was nice and long and she was even wearing a little makeup. Nothing the old one would be caught dead wearing.

“I-it can't, are you saying, is she really?” the new mommy stammered until i grabbed her hand and placed it under baby Bobbi's diaper.

“What a good girl you're being bobbi, why don't you show your, new mommy, what you like doing now?” i asked. With a bright smile on Bobbi's face, her diaper began to get warmer and heavier.

Alice and i watched as bobbi was put into her car seat and was taken home to enjoy her new life with her new mommy

“Come on little Alice. Let's see if we can find you another sister.” mommy told Alice.

If you liked this part please check out the outher verion on https://redwelch2222.deviantart.com/art/Be-good-for-mommy-3-704532146?ga_submit_new=10%3A1505460018

I thank you all for reading

*011*2017-09-15 17:52

Glad you liked it

*013*2017-09-15 17:56

Lol you seem to be the only one. but that's fine, i still have one or two more parts to the story that i can think of before its done.

*015*2017-09-15 20:17

Decided on taking a short break from the main story and making a Halloween sort next. any ideas on costumes for the girls?

*017*2017-09-15 20:31

I'm going to have Alice, Bobbi, and Mis.mare all in different costumes but I will definitely make one a vampire.

*019*2017-09-15 20:40

Lol you got it. any vampire costume in mind?

*021*2017-09-15 20:56

Here are two that I found.

1) http://www.partycity.com/product/teen+girls+va-va-vampire+costume.do?sortby=ourPicks&navSet=172436

2) http://www.partycity.com/product/adult+victorian+vampire+costume.do?sortby=ourPicks&navSet=172436

If you can think of any better please send me a link

*023*2017-09-15 21:10

I like that one too lol. ok, so I have Alice as a vampire. now just need costumes for Bobbi, Mis.mare and 2 extra girls for this story. I also got 2 other costumes a wich and devil but dont know who should have what.

%http://www.annsummers.com/fancy-dress/fancy-dress-shop-by-collection/fancy-dress-shop-by-collection-halloween/the-devil-in-you-costume/THE-DEVIL-IN-YOU.html?dwvar_THE-DEVIL-IN-YOU_color=044&dwvar_THE-DEVIL-IN-YOU_size=120&clickref=GTShopping&_%24ja=tsid:63207|cgn:67937|kw:153495&source=webgains&siteid=153495&utm_source=webgains&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_content=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gaytimes.co.uk%2Fshopping%2Fproduct%2Fplaysuit-devil-in-you-costume-1&utm_campaign=67937&cm_mmc=affiliate-_-webgains-_-Octer-_-

%http://www.annsummers.com/fancy-dress/fancy-dress-shop-by-category/fancy-dress-shop-by-category-fancy-dress/bewitched-witch-costume/68421.html

Any ideas?

