Daniel and Amy - Page 24

Author: Barry

*577*2016-10-25 06:18

Chapter 51:

Dan got to school just in time. He had the slightest need to pee when he got there, a need that most kids could've probably ignored until recess, but unfortunately Dan wasn't like most kids. Although he certainly wasn't busting to go, he knew that simply because he was able to feel it, it meant that if he didn't pee before class, there was a distinct possibility that he would wet himself before recess if he didn't go first.

The problem was, he had more pressing issues on his mind right now. He was more desperate to find Scott than go to the toilet, but after a few minutes of looking around fruitlessly, he decided to give in, and go to the boys room. He was still washing his hands when the final siren went, signaling the boy's to go to their home rooms. As he entered the corridor, he got a quick glimpse of Scott walking into his classroom, but he wasn't able to attract his attention in time. Sighing in frustration, Dan went to his own class, where he spent the first part of the morning completely distracted and unable to think clearly.

After about a thousand years, the siren for recess sounded. Annoyingly for Dan, he needed to pee again, so he had to stop at the toilets again before he finally caught up with his friends in the playground.

"Hey Danny! What's up man?" Scott greeted him happily, holding up an open palm for a high five. Ali and Matt did the same, and Dan quickly greeted them all with a quick slapping of palms as he started talking.

"Listen guys. We've got trouble. Scotty, I need to use your phone, like right now!"

"It's in my bag Danny. You know the rules, we're not supposed to carry our phones till lunchtime. I had mine confiscated once before, I'm not risking that again!"

"This can't wait till lunchtime mate. We could all be in the shit here, and I need to get in touch with the girls, quickly!"

"Whaddya mean, in the shit? Why can't you use your own phone?"

"Mum took it off me. She knows I was smoking last night, so I'm in trouble. Then, I think she might have called Amy's mum as well, so I've gotta talk to her!"

"Aw fuck man! How did she know you was smoking? Shit! What about the rest of us? Did you tell on us too? And what about the bloody herb we smoked, does she know about that as well? The three boys had gone from looking happy and relaxed to looking downright scared as soon as they had heard this, and were glancing worriedly at one another.

"Fuck off Scott! I didn't tell on anyone! When me and the girls got into her car, she smelled it on us. I got quizzed about it when I got home, and I stunk of smoke, so I had to admit it. I didn't fucking tell on anybody else though! I told her there were a lot of us there, and some of us were smoking, but I refused to tell her who else it was though. The herb wasn't even mentioned, it was the cigarettes she smelled, thank Christ. What? You really think I'd nark on you guys after what I toldya last night? Do you really think I'm that stupid?" His voice was getting steadily louder the more he talked.

Scott looked relieved. "Sorry mate, of course I know you're not a dobber. It's just that, well, that's pretty heavy duty shit we could be in if you did!"

"Well I don't think you guys have anything to worry about," Dan said, trying to calm himself down a bit. "But my mum is best friends with Amy's mum, so she's gonna tell her, if no one else! I've gotta call her right away!"

The other boys agreed that this was important enough to risk breaking the rules for, so they went to retrieve Scott's phone, and Dan explained to them in full detail, minus the pants wetting bit of course, about what had happened when they got home. The boys were sorry for him, but relieved for themselves at the same time. Taking his phone, they snuck around behind the gym, where Ali acted as lookout while Dan tried calling Amy, only to get a recorded message saying that her phone was currently either switched off, or not in service.

"Oh shit," he muttered, "that's not good. Hey Scotty, did you get Nikkis number last night?"

He had, and a quick scroll through his contact list bought it up. Dan tried that number, not having anymore luck with it either, except that it went to Nikkis message bank instead of being out of service.

"Nikki, its Dan. I need you and Amy to call me back at lunchtime on Scotts phone, okay? Very important!" He then sent a text message stating the exact same thing, his trembling fingers making it harder than what it should of been. He no sooner hit 'send,' when Ali hissed "Teacher!" and Scott put his phone quickly away, and the boys did one of the worst jobs of acting nonchalant and innocent ever, as the teacher on playground duty wandered past, looking at them inquisitively, checking them out for any signs of illicit behaviour, before thankfully moving on without stopping.

The siren went soon after, and the boys, still going over and over Dans predicament from every angle, had to head back into class.

The boys gathered together at lunchtime. They were allowed to use their phones then, so they didn't have to hide, but still found a quiet spot on the oval where nobody else could overhear them. Scott's phone showed no missed calls or messages, so Dan tried both girls again, but only yielded the same results. Amy's phone was off, and Nikkis again going to message bank.

The rest of the day was spent in a blur for Daniel. He was worried sick, and couldn't concentrate on anything that his teachers said. The boys tried again on the bus after school, but it appeared that the girls were both incognito. By this stage in the day, Dan had usually spoken to Amy at least once, and they would've shared many texts, Instagrams, and Snapchats, so he was particularly concerned. Even managing to arrive home with his pull up still dry was of little to no consolation to him. He was anxious to call her as soon as he got home, but Sue had been extremely insistent that he would have to wait until after dinner, so he didn't give her the satisfaction of even asking her, choosing to go straight to his room and do his homework instead.

He removed his entire school uniform, including his onesie, and deposited it in his laundry hamper, then, naked except for his Goodnight, he went into his bathroom and used the toilet. Something was nagging at the back of his mind as he peed, something about his clothes, but he couldn't quite put his finger on what it might be. After his stream died out, he pulled his Goodnight back up without shaking himself, letting the last few drops be absorbed by his special underpants, then gave a slight push, squirting the last dribble out into the padding as well. There was just something nice about having a wet spot in his pull up when he was stressed.

This was exactly what he was thinking as he washed his hands, remembering back to that mornings little escapade, when he'd wet himself at the breakfast table.

Then, BINGO! The light went off inside his head, and he realised what had been nagging at him. His jeans had disappeared off the floor where he'd left them! That in itself wasn't too bad, but it meant that his mother had been inside his room at some stage. Bitch!

He frantically looked around his bathroom, and being as small as it was, it only took him a second to confirm his worst fears. His wet pyjamas and boxers were gone, as was his dressing gown from his bedroom chair. That could only mean one thing, his mother had been snooping around in his room, and had found the saturated evidence of his last two deliberate wettings. Jesus Christ! Didn't she have any respect at all for his privacy anymore? There'd be absolutely no doubt at all in her mind that he'd been wetting himself on purpose, and that was sure to bring even further tensions between them.

Looking out of his window only confirmed his panicked thoughts, when he saw his footie PJ's, boxers, and dressing gown billowing in the breeze from the clothesline. Fuck! What must she have thought when she picked his pyjamas up? He distinctly remembered telling her that his nappy had been wet, but his bed had dry. The fact that his pyjamas were so wet would've surely led to her checking his sheets, plus she would've known that there was no way in hell that he would've gone downstairs for breakfast if he had of woken up soaked through like that!

His mind was whirring away as he stood there, shivering a bit from the coolness of his open window. He put a t-shirt and a clean pair of white ankle socks on, but decided that he'd forgo the option of pants for a while. He had absolutely no desire to go downstairs until he really had to, and staying pantsless would allow him to restrict access to any unwanted visitors, like his mother for instance, with a valid excuse.

Laying his diapered butt down on his bed, he considered his options. In the end he could only come up with one possible excuse. If she asked, he'd simply have to tell her that he'd accidentally wet herself while having breakfast, and he'd been wearing his boxers over the top of his special sleep pants. He knew that it couldn't possibly explain how they became so wet in the front, but fuck it, that's all he could possibly say. Anyway, if his mum hadn't been snooping around in his room without asking first, she wouldn't have found out, so it was definitely her fault, at least partly.

Homework now forgotten, he laid back, sucking on his pacifier in an effort to stay calm, and waited nervously for the call to dinner. At least then, he'd finally get to call Amy.

*580*2016-10-27 03:12

Chapter 52:

After sucking on his dummy for a few minutes, wishing it was a cigarette instead, he started to feel a lot calmer. Although he was still upset about his mother 'violating his privacy,' deep down he knew that she really hadn't done anything wrong. Whilst it was common practice for him to take care of his own laundry, even if that sometimes meant just loading it into the machine, it really wasn't unusual for his mother to collect his things, especially if she was looking to fill the washing machine up to do a load of laundry. It was just super embarrassing for him to know that she had been handling stuff that he hadn't told her was wet.

As he lay there, he decided to relax his bladder, and count how long it took him to start leaking. He'd only just peed in the toilet ten minutes ago, so he figured that he probably wouldn't leak much. Before he started, he took his bedside glass into the bathroom and drank two large glassfulls of water, then took a filled glass back to bed with him.

He lay down again, spreading his legs wide, and looking at his socked feet as he relaxed his bladder, and sucked on his paci to the beat of his counting.

One, suck-suck, two, suck-suck, three, suck-suck.....eventually getting all the way to twelve before he felt a trickle escape. Dan quickly clamped down on his holding muscles, stopping the slight flow from progressing any further, then took a deep breath. He drank some more water, and started again. One, suck-suck, two, suck-suck...this time only getting as far as seven.

He kept this up for ages, drinking water, using his paci as a counting tool, and just releasing a tiny little dribble each time. He drank more water, attempting to fill his bladder up as quickly as possible. Doing this gave him something to focus on, something to take his troubled mind away from all the other bad stuff going on in his life at the moment. It had an almost hypnotic effect on him, and he felt himself becoming calmer and calmer, falling into a relaxed state of mind where all he looked at was his feet, the major feeling was a growing warmth around his boy bits, and the occasional feeling of padding beneath his fingers when he occasionally touched his Goodnight. Eventually, he fell asleep.

He woke up to the sounds of his name being called, and footsteps on the stairs. He also woke up to the feeling of slowly wetting himself, the hot pee dribbling freely over his balls. He opened his eyes, and realised that his dummy was still in his mouth, and he quickly removed it, dropping it on the floor on the side of the bed away from the door.

"Danny! Bloody hell! Dinners ready!" Sue exclaimed in a frustrated voice, opening his door, only to see him stretched out on the bed looking half asleep, wearing a Goodnight that looked a bit swollen.

"Jesus mum! How about knocking?" Dan mumbled groggily, as he tried to pull his blanket up over himself.

"Sorry mate," she said, "But I've been calling out for you for five minutes! Were you asleep?"

He could feel his pee still slowly trickling into his pull up as he tried to answer, and only with a supreme effort did he manage to cut it off, but it felt like it was trapped right at the tip of his boyhood, and would start flowing again at any moment. He had indeed been fast asleep, and apparently his bladder had decided to continue the game they had been playing while he slept, leaving him very wet, but still needing to go badly. All the water he had consumed had by now reached his undersized bladder, and it was demanding immediate release.

He suddenly felt incredibly vulnerable, almost helpless in fact, as he felt another squirt escape in his pull up. He finally found his voice, but it was wavering and shaky as he answered, feeling like he may burst into tears.

"Yes, I was. Mum, I think I've wet myself."

The words were only just out before he felt a choked sob escaping from his mouth. He looked so sad and confused that Sue felt her heart going out to him. She hurried across the room, sat on her sons bed, and took him in her arms. Dan buried his head in his mothers shoulder, and could feel his self control slipping. Part of him wanted to push her away, tell her to get out, that he didn't need her comforting him, but the familiar feeling of her hug, the smell of her favourite perfume, and the calming sound of her voice as she gently patted him on the back was just too wonderful to resist.

He let go of his emotions and his bladder at the same time, letting out a wail of emotions and a flood of urine, which he could tell was now leaking out of his little nappy and soaking into the sheet beneath his bum. This made him cry even harder, and his body was wracked with sobs as he wet his bed while his mother held him.

"Shhh. Danny, come on mate, it's alright,"

"No it's not," he sobbed, "I'm wetting myself and I can't stop!"

"Calm down son. It doesn't matter. We can change the sheets easily enough. Don't get upset about it."

"I don't know what to do mummy. I'm so sick of this! Sick of everything! Why does it all just seem so bloody hard? Nothing's going right anymore, I just keep fucking everything up all the time!"

Sue decided to let his expression of vulgarity slip this time. She could feel his tears on her shoulder, and that was all that mattered for now. She hated seeing him so upset, but they had barely spoken for weeks, and his emotional state aside, it was nice to hold her little boy in her arms again, and feel like he still needed her. He didn't cry for long, and within a couple of minutes his sobs had turned into sniffles.

Pushing him gently away, she asked if he was feeling better now, which resulted in him nodding his head, and even offering her a shy, embarrassed smile.

"Okay mate, don't stress, everybody needs a good cry now and then! Now, how wet are you?"

"I think I'm really wet mum," he replied.

"Okay buddy. Don't worry about it. You were asleep after all, it's not like it's the first time it's happened, is it?" Sue gave what she hoped was an encouraging smile.

"Guess not," he said, trying not to keep himself together.

She patted his leg through the covering blanket. "How about this? You get up and have a quick shower, then put your PJ's on, and let me change the sheets for you. You'll feel better when you're nice and clean again, then come downstairs for dinner. You can give Amy a call after that, okay?"

"Okay mum. Can you like go out for a minute so I can get up? I've got no pants on."

"Don't be silly Daniel. I've seen you without pants on a million times! I'm always seeing you in your pull ups!"

"Please mum? I'm really wet I think. It's kinda embarrassing you know."

"Okay mate, I'll turn around then. You hurry up and go, okay?"

Sue got up, and turned her back, hearing the rustling of bed clothes as her son got up. Dan had a quick look at the state of his pale blue sheet, seeing a big dark wet patch right in the middle of it. He sighed with frustration, then had to grab at his heavy pull up as it threatened to slide off his hips. Red faced, he scurried into the private sanctuary of his bathroom, the trickle on his legs hurrying him along.

Once she heard the bathroom door close, Sue turned her attention to her sons bed. She quickly stripped the wet sheets off, and bundled them into a pile, along with his mattress protector. She made a quick visit to the upstairs linen closet for fresh ones, and then started to remake the bed, listening to the sound of running water coming from the bathroom.

When she stepped around to the other side of the bed to tuck the clean protector in, her eyes spotted something blue on the floor. Picking it up, she was surprised to find a baby's pacifier nestled in the palm of her hand.

The teat was wet as well.

*582*2016-10-27 11:28

{{1 hour ago, LunasAuditor said:

Aww come one!! Poor Dan's really letting things slip! He needs his Amy to talk some sense into him again!

}}

Remember that part 3 of this saga was subtitled "Confessions!"

A lot of skeletons are coming out. I just wonder how many....

*584*2016-10-27 23:45

{{22 minutes ago, Lunx said:

Dan is having a bunch of issues. He needs to talk with a therapist to help. Mom should suggest either the school counselor or a private one.

}}

I kind of agree with you. But the way I'm seeing it, is most of his issues are caused by his emotional maturity.

Dans an only child, and a lifelong bed wetter. He's been wearing his kiddie pull ups his entire life. Since he started wetting himself more regularly, he's basically withdrawn a lot, and until recently didn't have any real friends. He was so embarrassed about his incontinence, that he kept other kids his age at arms length.

His father is away a lot, and while his mother doesn't exactly "baby" him, he's her little boy, and she hates seeing him get upset, so she makes an effort to try and accomodate his accidents, and not make him feel any worse about them.

This has resulted in making him feel quite childish because of his diaper wearing, bed wetting, and occasional accidents. When it happens, he basically feels like a little kid.

But now he's met Amy, he's starting to feel much more mature about a lot of things. He wants to grow up, but his accidents keep him feeling little. With her, he's learned that although his condition is embarrassing and awkward, it can be kind of fun as well. When Amy and himself play their "little" games, he's got the best of both worlds, an adult type attraction and mature outlook that he craves, but still being able to hold onto his childhood for a while longer. While he wants to grow up, its kind of scary, and being with her makes it all seem okay.

With his mother it's different. She wants him to start growing up a bit more, and he knows that. So when he wets himself around her it makes him feel bad. But he still likes how she takes care of him. Part of him is ready to push her away, while another part is clinging on to her, not wanting to grow up quite yet.

In short, he's at that awkward stage where he's not exactly a child, but he's a long way from being an adult either. He has one foot in both worlds, and depending on which way the wind is blowing at any given moment, it affects his emotional state of mind.

Plus he feels guilt over his diapers. He's spent so long wishing that his incontinence would end, and he still does, but at the same time he's learned that he actually enjoys using his diapers, as long as he's in control of it. He hates having accidents, but likes wetting for fun and relaxation.

Its a lot for a kid to get his head around.

*586*2016-10-28 04:08

{{45 minutes ago, Lunx said:

Which is why I said counselor at school. They deal with kids his age and help them be able to express themselves to an adult without the fear of what the weirdness is. Maybe one who knows about the diapers and such already and one he could talk to about all the messed up feelings in his head. Maybe someone who has had a former patient who had similar issues that is all grown up? Maybe they could meet?

}}

Good ideas Lunx. Thanks for the input.

I hadn't considered going down that path, but you may have given me an idea or two.

Glad you're enjoying it.

*588*2016-10-30 14:16

Chapter 53:

Freshly showered, and with his hair still wet, Dan cracked open the door of his room, making sure that his mother had gone. In his haste to shower, he hadn't taken any clothes or diapers in with him. The coast was clear, so he dropped the towel he had wrapped around his waist, and walked back into his room, naked.

Pausing briefly in front of the mirror, he gave himself another full-body inspection. It wasn't just vanity, he was starting to get a tiny patch of nappy rash inside his legs, and so he had applied a generous amount of ointment and powder to them after drying himself off. He'd been lucky so far, and had avoided nappy rash in the past, and although he only had it in a couple of small spots, he could feel the soreness and irritation already.

Overall, he felt a bit heartened by what he saw. He appeared to have lost a bit of weight, and although he still had a bit of puppy fat around his tummy, he definitely thought that he'd trimmed down a bit. He could tell that he'd gotten a bit taller as well, as the top of his head was now disappearing on his reflection, where up until now, he had always been able to see his full image. Also, and most importantly, he was pretty sure that his penis was getting a bit bigger, and his small patch of pubic hair was definitely getting thicker and gradually spreading upwards. Still not much hair on his legs though, but his armpits were starting to come along at last.

He put his socks back on, then debated on his choice of underwear. He usually wouldn't put a diaper on in situations like this, instead choosing to enjoy a few hours of genital freedom underneath his pyjamas before putting on his big night time nappy before going to bed. Being at home, staying inside and not going out to play, he had full access to a nearby toilet at all times, so he was extremely unlikely to have any accidents, and it was nice to be able to "freeball" it for a while, plus, with the rash starting to irritate him a bit, it would be nice to just air himself out for a while, but his latest accident had left him feeling a bit shaken, and almost craving for the security that a diaper would provide, so he decided to wear one.

He wouldn't wear a tape on just yet, as they were too fiddly to get off when he used the toilet, and he definitely intended to use it, and not his nappy, if he could help it. He almost went for another Goodnight, but felt like wearing something nice and thick and comforting, so he went for a Molicare pull up instead. He sighed with a feeling of relief as the puffy diaper slid over his hips, cupping his genitals in a soft embrace as he pulled it up firmly.

Glancing at his reflection again, he quickly turned away from the mirror. Now he he was diapered, he didn't like what he saw so much, his big pull up immediately making him look much younger again. He had chosen his grey pyjamas over his Spider-Man ones as they looked a lot more grown up, and he quickly stepped into them, pulling them up to hide his nappy.

Anxious to get dinner out of the way so that he could finally call Amy, he was in a hurry as he left his room, failing to notice how his pacifier was now sitting on his bedside drawers and not on the floor where he'd dropped it.

Sue hadn't felt like preparing a big healthy dinner on a Friday night, and wanting to please her son, she had opted for comfort food instead, so they were having a simple meal of soup and toasted sandwiches. With the food already laid out on the table, Danny poured himself a glass of chocolate milk, and nervously joined his mother, dreading how the conversation was going to go. So much had happened over the last twenty four hours. Telling his friends about his diapers and bed wetting, getting caught smoking, wetting his pants in the car, having his mother find his wet pyjamas, getting grounded for the first time in his life, not being able to contact Amy, and therefore not knowing if she was in trouble as well, then falling asleep and wetting the bed in front of his mum. Dan felt physically, emotionally, and mentally drained, but he told himself that at least nothing else bad should happen tonight.

He was wrong.

"How was school today Danny?" Sue ventured in an opening gambit. "Were your friends still okay after last night?"

"Yeah, they're still pretty cool. I've got Scott's mums number so you can call her about the camp thing. But please mum, don't tell her about the smoking bit. Scott doesn't smoke at all, and I don't want to get him into trouble because of my stupidity." Dan felt bad for directly lying to his mother, but he managed to maintain eye contact with her anyway, and the fib slipped smoothly through his lips. He felt very uncomfortable bringing the previous nights naughtiness up again, but he knew that it was going to be a major discussion point sooner or later, and he wanted to keep his friends out of it as much as possible.

"Okay buddy, I won't say anything about it." Sue said, seeing a look of relief race across her sons smooth features. "To be honest with you, I wouldn't bring it up anyway, even if you hadn't asked. I don't know this Scott guy or his mother anyway, so it's not any of my business. I hope you understand why I told Sonia though? She's my friend, and I love Amy to bits as well, so I'm only concerned for her welfare, that's all. If you guys are going to do stupid stuff like that, her mother has a right to know, wouldn't you agree?"

Dropping his eyes again and shifting uncomfortably in his chair, Dan had to force himself to mutter "Yeah, I guess so," in a muted response.

"Good," Sue replied. "Listen mate. Let's not dwell on it, alright? You did the wrong thing, and got into trouble for it. There's no need to bring it up again. You're going to stay home and do some chores this weekend, and if you're good, I'll give you your phone back on Sunday night. You can call your girlfriend after dinner, and even tomorrow if you want to, but on the land line. No computer, but you can use your PlayStation or Nintendo if you want too. That's all I'm asking from you. No cut in allowance, and like I said, I won't tell dad. All in all, you're getting off pretty lightly I think, don't you agree?"

He had to agree that it was a pretty light punishment for the crime, and while he wasn't exactly overjoyed by a weekend stuck at home doing chores, he knew that he deserved it, so he grudgingly agreed that he was okay with it.

They ate in relative silence for awhile. Sue tried a few topics of conversation, and while Dan always answered politely, she could tell that he just wasn't in the mood to talk. After dinner, he gathered the plates up without being asked, and loaded the dishwasher, even wiping the table down afterwards.

"You can use the phone now if you want," Sue told him, smiling a bit at the look of relief on his face.

"Thanks mum. I will in a minute. I might just go to the toilet first though, just in case."

"If you're going upstairs, there's a basket of your washing in the laundry," she informed him. "I washed your jeans and footies today....."

As soon as the words were out of her mouth, she saw her son blush. Not just a little blush either, but a glowing redness that spread from his neck to his eyes, which he quickly diverted again.

"O-okay mum, thanks" he stammered, quickly shuffling past her and into the laundry.

While he obviously looked very guilty, Sue decided to not say any more about it. They were starting to communicate again, and that was more important than questioning him about a pair of wet pyjamas. In the grand scheme of things, he'd wet himself, no more, no less. It wasn't the first time, nor would it be the last, and even if he had done it on purpose, she supposed that it didn't really matter all that much, as long as it didn't become a habit. She would rather be back on speaking terms with him than have him clam up again over something as common as a pair of wet pants. But there was something else on her mind though, and she waited for him to return carrying the washing basket full of neatly folded clothes before she mentioned it, watching his reaction as the sound of her voice made him pause at the doorway.

"Danny, while you were in the shower, I found a baby's pacifier on your floor while I was changing your sheets. What's that all about mate?"

Dan felt the bottom drop out of his stomach, and his bladder clenched tight. He almost wet himself through shock, and was surprised in a way that he didn't, although his slight need to do a wee was suddenly heightened greatly. He could have quite easily moved his bowels as well if he wanted too. The discovery of his pacifier was just as big of a shock as getting caught smoking, and even worse in a way. At least smoking was a grownup thing to be caught doing, not a baby thing! Lots of kids smoked, and while it was bad, it was kind of common, but not many big kids owned a dummy.

But, ever since he had almost been caught by his mother and uncle before, he had played out a thousand different excuses inside his head should he ever get discovered, and his current situation with smoking suddenly raced across his mind, and he was able to start talking before he even quite knew exactly what he was going to say.

"Um, oh, you see, yeah. Geez, this is kinda embarrassing mum, but, it's mine."

What on earth are you doing with a pacifier Danny?" Sue asked, obviously bewildered by not only the discovery, but also by his frank admission. She had expected him to either deny everything, or at least feign ignorance, not just come out and openly admit to it!

"Well, I know it'll sound kinda stupid mum, but it's to stop me wanting to smoke. Like I told you, I haven't smoked much, but a couple of weeks ago, I found myself like hanging out for one. It's like you said, they're kinda addictive! I've never ever bought any, just smoked when other kids have had them, and I can't really buy any, can I? I mean no shops gonna sell 'em to a kid! So I looked online, and there was like an article there that said that sucking on a dummy was a good way to like quit smoking! It was like a substitute or something, and would take your mind off it."

Sue was fascinated. As unlikely as the concept sounded, the idea that her son had read such a thing certainly was feasible. Perhaps it wasn't as ludicrous as her first reaction thought it to be.

"Are you serious mate? Where on earth did you read that?"

"Dunno exactly," Dan replied with a look of innocence. "It was just a thing I found on the computer, like what someone said had worked for them. Anyway, I didn't want to smoke, even though I felt like one, so I kinda bought the paci instead!"

"And does it work Danny? Does it help you?"

Dan grinned at her, and she couldn't help smiling back. He hadn't really smiled very much in her company lately, and his slightly embarrassed boyish grin was infectious. He looked so bashful as he spoke about it, but seemed so earnest at the same time.

"Sure does!" Dan replied. "I know it sounds stupid, and it's embarrassing, but it really works! If I'm feeling like stressed out and stuff, which I have been since last night, it makes me feel like a smoke, but chilling out while using the dummy really relaxes me, and I don't wanna smoke anymore! It just sorta calms me down I guess."

He lowered his voice a bit, and shuffled his feet nervously. "I'm sorry. Are you mad at me for that, too?"

Feeing dumbstruck, she at first struggled to form a coherent sentence. Ever since she had discovered the paci, she had been wondering exactly how far Dan would stretch the truth when she confronted him about it. She hadn't been able to come up with a single good excuse for her teenage boy to be using another baby item like his diapers, and was starting to wonder if he might be having some kind of emotional crisis, but what he had said to her actually sounded like there might be some logic behind it.

"No Danny," she replied calmly. "I'm not mad. It just sounds so unusual, that's all. But I think you're a very smart boy for trying to do something good about your smoking though! I've got too admit, I've never heard of it before, but if it works for you, I'm happy for you to use it whenever you want! Who knows? I might even have to get one myself when I try to quit!"

Dan laughed at his mothers jest. "Yeah mum, I reckon you'd look totally rad with a dummy! You oughta try it!"

"Well mate, we'll just have to to see about how well I can go without it first, I think. Now, take your stuff upstairs, then you can ring Amy. I'll leave you alone, and go outside and try to enjoy one of my last ciggies. I've got about ten left, then I'm quitting. So be warned, I'm probably going to be grumpy by tomorrow night, so you'd better stay outta my way!"

Dan chuckled again, suddenly feeling closer to his mum than he had done for weeks. He felt incredibly lousy for lying to her about his paci, but it hadn't been like a 'total' lie. Sucking on it DID make him feel calmer and happier, it's just that he hadn't been using it as a 'stop smoking tool,' although he figured that he might be from now on. But saying that it was such a thing was certainly a lot better than just admitting that he liked sucking on it.

Surprised to find that although his heart rate was perhaps a bit quicker than normal, overall, he'd remained remarkably calm throughout the ordeal of having his paci use discovered and discussed. He quickly padded up the steps with the laundry basket, anxious to get back downstairs and call his girlfriend.

*591*2016-11-03 08:35

{{On 01/11/2016 at 10:13 PM, alexwbj said:

}}

Tried to reply to Alex, and once again ended up with a reply box that I can't get rid of.

Chapter 54:

Shaken up by the knowledge of his mums discovery of his dummy, and the subsequent questioning that had ensued, Dans stomach was gurgling by the time he got to his room. He wondered to himself exactly how much more bad stuff could possibly go wrong for him this week. Surely his bad luck must nearly be at an end. But in saying that, everything else would pale into insignificance as long as he could still see Amy eventually.

Normally his bowel habits were pretty regular, once a day before school. But at the mention of his mothers discovery, his bowels had turned to liquid. Glad of his decision to wear a pull up and not a tape on, he only just managed to get his pants and diaper down in time, hurriedly sitting on the toilet before he let loose with a sudden case of the runs, and his bladder emptied itself in uncontrolled sympathy at the same time. It had been a close call, and he was supremely glad that he'd made it, but at the same time,he couldn't stop himself from thinking about Nikki, and how she had admitted to deliberately pooing in her pants, and how Amy sometimes had messy accidents. As he sat there, he found himself wondering just what that must feel like....

But he had enough mental shit to deal with at the moment, without adding any actual shit to the equation, and he eventually finished what his body had started, then washed his hands thoroughly afterwards.

Walking into his bedroom, he saw the root cause of his latest trouble sitting in plain sight on top of his drawers, and mentally kicked himself for being so slack about it. He guessed that it had only been a matter of time before he had gotten caught, just like he had been caught smoking, and again with his deliberate wetting. He picked it up, and rolled it around his fingers for a few seconds, and almost decided to throw it away, but his mother had seemed very accepting of his paci use, and he did really enjoy it, so he finished up just dropping it into the pocket of his dressing gown, which he had retrieved from his washing basket and put on.

Sighing to himself, he came to the conclusion that that it was just too hard to get away with any real 'secret stuff' when you were just a kid. But at least him and Amy had gotten away with a lot of other stuff so far! He decided that they had better be a bit more careful and put more planning into their 'special playtimes,' that is, if she was still allowed to talk to him. Perhaps that was why he hadn't been able to reach her. Sonia might have really cracked it and told her that she wasn't allowed to see him anymore! That idea had been sneaking into his brain all day, but up till now, he had been able to successfully push it aside. But now, with the moment of truth fast approaching, he was totally scared that it might just be a possibility. Perhaps she wouldn't be allowed to talk to him anymore .

His stomach rolled over once more, and just briefly, he thought that he may have to sit on the toilet again, but the feeling soon passed. He was so nervous, his tummy was starting to play up something fierce! Damn it! As worried as he was, he couldn't put it off for any longer, he had to call her now, and at least find out just how much trouble she was in. Surely Sonia wouldn't demand an end to their relationship. Dan honestly felt like he might actually die if she did that. He steeled himself for what was to come, and fidgeting with his pocketed pacifier, he made the long trek back downstairs.

Sue saw him coming, and took notice of the tense expression on his face. She understood just why he looked so nervous, but she had the inside knowledge that everything was going to work out alright for him. Unbeknownst to Dan, his mother and Sonia had met for coffee that afternoon, and had agreed that the same punishment for their errant offspring would suffice, for now at least.

As the women had sat around talking and smoking themselves, it had seemed that any harsher punishment would be a bit two-faced on their behalf, as both of them had shared the guilty thought that they needed to accept at least some of the blame for their children's behaviour, as they hadn't exactly been prime role models in the smoking department. Kids will be kids, they had decided, and hopefully they had caught them in time, before they became addicted. Putting a stop to their kids relationship had never even been discussed, as both parents were actually very happy about the way that their friendship had started bringing both of them out of their respective shells a lot more.

Sue could never have told her son this of course, regardless of how worried he might be. Being worried about the consequences of his actions was all part of the overall punishment. Instead, she took her dwindling supply of cigarettes outside, giving her little boy the privacy he craved to make the call.

With trembling fingers, Dan punched in her mobile number, having to do it twice because his shaking hands had hit the wrong digits on the first attempt. He had better luck the second time around, but still only succeeded in getting the recorded message telling him that her phone was currently switched off.

"Fuck," he muttered under his breath, reaching for the diary beside the phone, and finding the land line number that he didn't know off by heart. He really hadn't wanted to call the home phone, primarily because he was scared of what Sonia would say, or expect him to say, if she was the one who picked up.

"Hello?" Amy had picked up before the second ring had finished sounding in the earpiece, almost as if she had been sitting by the phone waiting, which of course she was. In that one spoken word, Danny could tell that she was nervous, excited, worried, hopeful and scared, all at the same time.

"Ames!" Dan sighed, finally sitting, in fact almost collapsing into a chair. "Oh my God Ames! How are you? What's been happening over there? I love you and miss you so much! How are you baby?"

Amy had to laugh, although it sounded very forced. "How can you miss me, Catholic boy? We only saw each other last night for goodness sake! But I know watcha mean, I miss you sooo much at the moment." He could hear her voice breaking a bit, and the sound of a muffled sob escaping from her lips. It felt as if his heart would break just listening to her sounding so upset.

"So what's been going on?" Dan enquired tentatively, dreading the answer. "I've been trying to get hold of you and Nikki all day! I've been so freaking worried about you!"

Amys voice was shaking with emotion as she answered. "Oh sweetie. I'm in so much trouble! Mum knows I was smoking, she smelled it on my top when I got home. I was stupid! I put my jumper in the laundry instead of keeping it in my dirty clothes basket like I normally do, and she must've smelt it when she picked it up! She like confronted me about it, and I had to admit that I'd been smoking, I mean, it was so flipping obvious! I tried to like deny it and stuff at first, but when she made me smell my top, I hadda tell the truth. It really smelled Danny!" Amy issued yet another series of soft sobbing noises as she completed her admission of guilt.

Dan didn't know exactly what to say. He obviously knew more than she did, but telling her that her mother hadn't really smelled her jumper to work out what had happened, and that she'd only found out via a call from Sue, well, it wasn't an easy thing to admit too. For just the briefest of moments, he half contemplated not saying anything, instead, just letting her go on believing that her mother was the worlds greatest detective, and didn't in fact have any outside help in figuring out the crime that had been committed, and he really wasn't any part of it at all. But that just wouldn't be fair, and she needed to know the truth.

"Amy, calm down for a second. I knew you were in trouble for smoking, cause I am too! In fact, your mum probably only found out because my mum told her. She smelt it on all of us in the car last night, and I copped it as well, then she rang your mum. Here, let me tell you exactly what happened...."

For the next few minutes Danny did just that. He told her about how Sue had noticed and confronted him, even admitting how he'd wet himself with shock and nervousness. Instead of it being a difficult thing to talk about, like he had thought it may have been, it ended up being surprisingly easy. He had spent the last twenty four hours worried sick about what was going on with Amy, and now he was finally talking to her, it seemed that he actually had a lot to say. Even though he was upset that she had gotten into trouble, in a way it kind of made him feel better that he wasn't suffering alone.

Dan felt a bit guilty for feeling this way, but knowing that he was sharing his punishment and had somebody else who completely understood what he had been going through did lighten the load quite a bit. Once they compared their respective punishments, and discovered that they were identical, it became obvious to the pair of them that their mothers had obviously discussed their behaviour in depth. At different parts of the conversation they found themselves both cringing at the thought of what must've been said.

"So that's why I couldn't reach you today?" Dan asked. "Because your mum took your phone as well?"

"Yeah. We had like a huge fight about it last night. I was in my room playing, and mum called me out and took my phone off me. I didn't know what was going on at first, but when she told me, I almost died! We ended up arguing a lot, and let me tell you something Catholic boy, you weren't the only one who had an accident either! I was crying so much that I ended up wetting myself as well."

"Oh my God," Dan said, "We're a good pair, aren't we? I don't think we'd be very good crooks or anything! Can you imagine us being arrested by the cops and both of us wetting ourselves while they questioned us?"

They had eventually found something about their situation to laugh about, and it felt good. It had been a long twenty four hours for both of them, and neither of them had really even smiled much, so to actually find themselves finally laughing, even if it was over something embarrassing like wetting their pants, felt really good right then.

"What about Nikki? Why didn't she answer her phone? Is she in trouble as well?"

Amy laughed. "No, she just didn't take her phone to school today. You know Nikki, she can be a bit ditzy sometimes! She forgot to charge it, and it was dead flat, so she left it at home."

"Mum found my dummy as well," Dan added, "so she knows about that too now."

Amy was shocked at hearing this, and Dan could hear the worry and disbelief in her voice.

"Oh no! Christ Danny! What in the world did she say about that? Didja get into trouble about that as well?"

Even though his mother was safely outside with the door closed, Dan lowered his voice as he replied.

"Believe it or not, no! I kinda fibbed a bit about it. Told her I was using it to stop smoking. She actually thought it was a good idea! Told me I could use it whenever I wanted too!"

"Oh my God! That's absolutely brilliant Danny! You're a genius," she enthused proudly. "I would never have thought of that!" He heard her chuckle, and the sound bought a smile to his face. "I dare ya to use it in front of her!"

"Whoa there! I don't think I could do that babe! That's getting a bit too weird I reckon."

"Double dare ya!"

"Darers go first," he informed her, giving the age old playground reply of the generations passed, making them both giggle.

He was starting to feel a lot better now, his conversation with his girlfriend cheering him up no end. It wasn't even necessarily anything that she specifically said, but just hearing her voice was making him happy again.

They talked for another twenty minutes, both of them lamenting on the fact that they were going to have no access to the technology that they had grown up with. Not having a mobile phone or a computer meant no Facebook or texting, and like most kids their age, they had gotten so used to being almost constantly linked to the world via the web, that a whole two days without it seemed to stretch out in front of them like an interminable distance that was almost impossible to breach. But, they had to agree that it could've been a lot worse, so they would cop it sweet and not create any more dramas than they already had.

Unbeknownst to be them, their mothers were using this time to have a quick conversation of their own, and were discussing how well that their progeny were taking their punishment, and admitting that it was nice to see how happy that their kids were by just being able to talk with each other again. They agreed that perhaps they might even organise a surprise Sunday brunch so that they could see each other over the weekend, but without exactly breaching the terms of their official groundings. It was mutually agreed that they would adopt a wait and see approach, and decide later if their children's behaviour would warrant a treat like that. Whilst the two women agreed that a punishment was needed, they had only rarely ever had to institute such a thing before, and they both knew that their kids were emotionally fragile, and vulnerable by nature, so a hardline approach really wouldn't accomplish very much, and might indeed have the effect of pushing them away and alienating them a bit.

"Better go darling," Sonia said to Sue, "It sounds like the big phone call is almost over."

"Alright Son, I'll call you tomorrow, and we'll decide then if our little angels are worthy of seeing each other on Sunday."

Dan entered the lounge room shortly afterwards, finding his mother was now back inside and sitting in an armchair watching TV. He felt almost elated now, and was starting to see the light at the end of his personal tunnel, and he was almost floating as he walked.

"Don't suppose you'd be interested in watching TV with me for a while mate?" Sue asked, not really expecting much of a response. "There's a Spider-Man movie coming on that you might like, and I can make us a cuppa?"

"You know what mum? That'd be really cool I think. I'd like that."

If Sue hadn't have been sitting down already, she may have fallen down with shock.

Not long after, they were ready for the movie to begin. Sue was in her favourite armchair, while Danny was sprawled out on the couch. A hot chocolate each and a bowl of popcorn sat on the coffee table between them, and they relaxed in a companionable silence in the darkened room. About an hour into the movie, Danny looked across at his mother, and saw that she had dozed off. He reached into the pocket of his now discarded dressing gown, and retrieved his pacifier, which he gratefully inserted into his mouth, then stretched out languorously on the couch, sucking away contentedly and immersing himself in the adventures of his favourite superhero, but smiling as he realised that he was actually doing Amy's dare at the same time. Well, kinda sorta anyway.

As usual, sucking on his paci soothed him, and although he managed to stay awake until the end of the film, his eyes were drooping tiredly. The credits were still running when he fully closed them, and within seconds, he was fast asleep.

Sue woke up not ten minutes later, and stretched her legs as she yawned, her own bladder sending signals that she needed to pee quite urgently. A quick glance across the darkened room told her that Danny was asleep on the couch, so she got up, wincing a bit with her built up need for release, and she hurried out of the room, switching the kitchen light on so as not to wake him up just yet.

Sue herself wasn't entirely free from occasional bladder mishaps, especially when she coughed sneezed or laughed, being a middle aged woman who had experienced the painful and damaging joys of childbirth. She had to pause in the hallway and cross her legs, as she felt herself starting to leak into her panties. Thankfully, it wasn't too big of a leak, and she was able to continue her hurriedly awkward gait towards the downstairs bathroom.

She leaked again just before she shut the door, and had to hurriedly pull her blue sweatpants and high cut pink cotton panties down, grimacing as she observed the big wet stain that covered the crotch. Her sweatpants had a small wet spot on them, but it was virtually invisible on the dark blue fleecey fabric. She shuddered in relief as her urine gushed out of her, then removed her pants and knickers, before putting her sweats back over her feet again. She wiped herself clean, then stood up, screwing her face up with distaste at the feeling of wetness pressed against her pubic mound.

After more than fourteen years of handling her sons urine soaked pants, diapers, and sheets, she had long since lost any disgust about it, and she certainly didn't feel anything bad about picking her own wet underwear up off the floor, and casually stuffing them into her back pocket. Her sweatpants would need washing now anyway, so she had no compunction about putting her knickers in her pocket. Washing her hands in the sink, she gave her reflection a wry smile.

"You're getting leakier and leakier in your old age," she informed her mirrored image, which of course replied with the same smile. "You'll be wearing your sons diapers next!"

After depositing her underpants in the laundry basket, she snuck back into the lounge room, where the glow from the kitchen light was gently illuminating her sons sleeping features, but hadn't disturbed him enough to awaken him though.

Danny was curled up in a tight ball, with his socked feet drawn up underneath his backside. His pyjamas had slid down his waist a bit, exposing the big pull up he was wearing. She allowed herself an indulgent smile at the sight of the bright blue pacifier firmly clasped between his lips.

Sue vividly remembered the problems they had encountered getting Danny to give up his dummy when he was a toddler. He was still carrying it around with him when he was three, and still going to bed with it until well past his fourth birthday. Now, ten years later, here he was, still wearing a nappy and using a pacifier. "Some things never change," she thought.

Sue gently shook him by the shoulder.

"Come on Daniel. Up you get mate. Time to go to bed, and you're way to big to carry now."

Dan came awake slowly, his gaze was vacant, the look of a boy awakened from a deep sleep. He stretched his legs and yawned, causing his pacifier to spill from his mouth and roll down his chin. This caused him to jerk in shock, and he sleepily grabbed and groped for it, automatically trying to hide it from his mother, but his grasping fingers couldn't seem to locate it.

Sue plucked it off the couch cushion from where it had fallen, and gently put it back into his mouth.

"Stop stressing buddy. I told you, I don't mind you having it, remember?"

Dan gave her a sheepish, guilty kind of smile, but didn't object, choosing instead to just keep it in his mouth and not reply. He took her offer of an outstretched hand, and let her help him to his feet, and he headed for the door.

"Are you wet Danny?" Sue asked nicely, hoping her question wouldn't upset him.

Dan, being more asleep than awake, actually wasn't sure. He had to grab at his diaper through his pyjamas and squeeze it a bit, just to make sure.

"No mum, I'm still dry, but I think I need to go though."

"Well hurry up then mate, before you wet your nappy. Make sure that you brush your teeth as well.

Dan mumbled his good night, then realised that he really did need to hurry up before he wet himself. It looked as if Sue had woken him up just in time, so he moved with a certain urgency.

Five minutes later, he was safely tucked up in bed, once again sucking on his dummy. He realised that he had been seen doing it by his mother, but was too tired to give it much thought at the time. He felt very calm and relaxed, and it didn't take long before he was snoring softly.

He didn't even stir minutes later when his door cracked open a bit, with Sue checking in on him before going to her own room. Once again, the sight of her big boy looking like a little boy made her smile, and she gently pulled the door closed again and then went to bed herself.

*593*2016-11-03 13:54

{{31 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

I cried when Dan and Amy got to talk on the phone. Even though I knew it was going to be alright, I was living it through Dan's and Amy's eyes and I felt so sorry for them.

It's OK Barry, that happens to me with the response box sometimes on here, and I've missed answering someone once or twice because of it.

}}

Lol. I've made you cry AND cum with this story. Must be doing something right!

But seriously mate, thanks for your continued support and kind words. It's nice to know that someone likes what I'm trying to do here.

Cheers

Barry.

*599*2016-11-16 22:19

Chapter 55:

Dan slept soundly all night, waking up in the morning whilst in the middle of a diaper dream. In his dream, Amy and himself were wearing their diapers only, and her bare breasts were proudly on display while they watched TV together. Dan couldn't stop himself from continuously staring at her chest, and wanted more than anything to reach over and touch her boobs, but he also needed to pee as well.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Aren't you going to touch them?" Dream Amy asked innocently.

"Of course I'm gonna touch them babe. But I need to go to the toilet first though. I'm busting for a piss!"

"So? Go in your nappy silly! That's why you're wearing one!"

"No Ames. I don't want mum finding out I've wet myself on purpose again. I've gotta go to the toilet properly."

"Are you sure, Catholic boy? Doing a wee in your nappy is much more fun you know!" This was said as Dream Amy started tracing circles around her bare nipples with her finger, as she looked at him with what he had come to think of as her "naughty" expression on her delicate features.

Before dream Amy could convince him otherwise, he had woken up. His penis was rock hard inside his big diaper, a combination of waking up with a full bladder and dreaming about Amy's breasts. He shuddered for a second, realising that his nappy was still dry, but he was right on the verge of both wetting himself and probably having a wet dream of another variety as well.

He threw the bed clothes back in a hurry, and waddled quickly into the bathroom with a hand pressed tightly against his raging piss boner through his diaper. He pulled his pants down right away, but had to use both hands to fumble with his pesky diaper tapes, but managed to eventually free himself before he started leaking. His boyhood was standing proudly to attention in front of him, and once he exposed himself to the cooler air, it twitched violently with its pent up urgency. As he felt the floodgates starting to break open without any conscious effort on his part, he quickly abandoned any thought of trying to direct his stream into the toilet bowl from his engorged organ, and turned quickly towards the shower instead, only just swivelling in time before a tremendous stream erupted from his upstanding member, causing him to groan with relief as his bladder emptied itself.

It seemed to take forever to finish, and he was positive that he hadn't ever woken up while still holding that much before. He picked up his hastily discarded diaper from between his feet where he'd dropped it, and inspected it thoroughly, confirming that it was indeed still dry.

"Incredible," he thought, "I would have normally wet long before now. I wonder if it might finally be getting better?"

It wasn't the first time that he'd had similar thoughts of course, and they appeared on a regular basis. It only took waking up dry two mornings in a row for him to start thinking like this, but you couldn't blame him for thinking positive thoughts, because it was either that, or just give up altogether and tell himself that he would grow up wetting the bed for his entire life, and that would truly be a horrible thing to contemplate, although he often had done so. But, for now at least he was dry, which is exactly how a kid should be in the morning, and that was good enough to start with.

He applied some cream to his tender area between his legs, and while rubbing it in, he brushed against his boyhood a couple of times. It still seemed to be a lot less flaccid than usual, and the rubbing motion was making it bounce around, and he started to go hard again with no effort on his part. Dans thoughts turned to his recently departed dream, with a topless, diapered Amy asking him to touch her beautiful breasts after he wet his own diaper, and he instantly became rock hard again. The urge became too much, and he took the tube of diaper rash cream back into his bedroom, pausing only briefly to look at his erection in the mirror first, positive that it was indeed getting bigger, then he laid back down on his bed, before applying a generous dollop of cool ointment right at the base of his shaft.

He went to work on it straight away, using the cream as a lube, massaging it in with the palm of his right hand while holding his erection in his left, using firm, circular strokes. He thought about Amy's wonderful breasts, and remembered what they had felt and tasted like, and he imagined himself doing it again, and taking her wet diaper off, and how warm her sex was underneath it. He rubbed harder and faster, eventually gripping his shaft firmly, pumping it up and down vigorously between his thumb and forefinger, before his toes started curling, and a swiftly spreading feeling of pent up anticipation began in the very depths of his soul. His fingers glided easily through the lube on his skin, and he arched his back up off the mattress as his climax steadily but swiftly approached.

Dan opened his eyes and frantically looked around. He was about to shoot his load, but didn't have a tissue or anything with which to contain it. He saw his toes curling again, and while he was able to slow down his actions, he really didn't want to stop, but nor did he want to shoot his sticky load onto his sheets. It was bad enough that his mum saw his wet sheets, let alone ones stained with other fluids as well.

The sight of his toes curling caused inspiration to strike him, and without missing any more than perhaps a single beat, he let go of his shaft only long enough to reach down and quickly rip the white ankle sock from his left foot, into which he rapidly inserted his throbbing boyhood, relishing the warmth. Now, protected from any potential mess, he collapsed backwards again and resumed his previous tugging action, looking for all the world like a boy who had suddenly grown tired of having a penis and who was determined to remove it by ripping it from his body by any means possible.

The sudden warmth of his sock around his willie had only heightened his arousal, and his breathing quickened, along with his pulse rate, and he let his mind roam free, pulling in a series of disjointed images that were completely unrelated to each other, but all based around a common theme, Amy. Amy wetting her pants. Amy and himself in the shower naked. Amy changing his diaper. Amy peeing in her swimsuit. Amy, Amy, Amy....

"Amy!" Dan groaned out loud, as his back arched again, and his cock pulsed strongly in his hand, and he felt the sock around the tip of his penis suddenly growing warm and wet, and suddenly there seemed to be even more lubrication around his shaft than there had been before. "Aww fuck, Amy," he mumbled again, collapsing backwards with his pyjama top now damp with sweat, but he was smiling.

Once he was satisfied that he'd milked himself completely, he got up and stripped naked, depositing his pyjamas and socks into his laundry basket. He decided to freeball it today, and go without underwear or a diaper, just to help his rash clear up a bit with some fresh air. He dressed as simply as possible, just a pair of black cotton board shorts and a black t-shirt, subconsciously choosing a dark colour just in case he should happen to have an accident at any stage. He quickly made his bed, liking how his room didn't smell of pee for a change, and padded barefoot downstairs to meet his mother.

Sue was having coffee at the dining table when her son walked in, and the first thing she noticed was that he wasn't still in his pyjamas, but nor had he had a shower, which indicated that he had probably woken up dry.

"Good morning baby. Sleep alright?"

"Yeah mum, really good actually," he replied with a smile.

"Do you uh, need a shower this morning?" Sue asked tentatively.

"No mum! I woke up completely dry this morning. Feels kinda good!"

"Oh that's great Danny!" Sue exclaimed. "But don't forget to put some rash cream on anyway, and really rub it in properly too."

Dan quickly turned towards the fridge, and busied himself with taking the milk out, hoping against hope that his mother wasn't watching him too closely less she see his sudden uncomfortable expression.

"Yeah mum, I uh, already did that actually. I'm not gonna wear a diaper today, give it a chance to kinda air out a bit, you know?"

"Good boy, that's probably a great idea. Now, bring your cereal over here, I'm going to give you a list of jobs I want done.

Dan sighed quietly, but poured himself a large glass of milk and did as he was told. If he was going to be trapped doing chores on what looked like being an absolutely beautiful day, he was going to drink as much as he could and participate in some holding fun in the process, so he decided that he may as well start. He had no intention of wetting himself like he had done the last time he had done chores outside, at least on purpose anyway, but surely he could have some harmless holding fun to make the day go quicker.

He sat down and listened quietly as Sue started giving him instructions on what he was expected to do. The list was comprehensive, and he hoped that by drinking a lot and doing a hold, it might make his chores more bearable.

He was going to try, anyway.

&&

