The Spirit of Christmas - Page 2

Author: Sapphire3619

*029*2016-01-27 02:09

{{ 

I love this story!

}}

Thank you so much!

{{ 

I feel so bad for Grayson. Amazing update as usual x

}}

I TOLD YOU ADDING ONTO THE STORY WOULD BE SAD!!! It'll have a happy ending, though. At the risk of being wildly predictable and uninteresting, I just can't bear to leave my characters in pain.

{{ 

I really am loving this! I feel bad for Grayson! I'm not getting into this for any kind of omo though, just for the story! Well done! Looking forward to the next update!

}}

Oh, wow! That's such a kind thing to say. I'm glad my stories can be enjoyable beyond the omo aspects!

{{ 

Nawwwww poor Grayson but that was a very good chapter

}}

Yeah, I'm being pretty terrible to this poor kid :/ I've been getting into a lot of post-traumatic fanfics on other sites, so that's influencing the story.

*030*2016-01-31 05:42

Chapter 5! I finished this one a little late, so I did even less proofreading than usual; please forgive the more obvious typos :)

###

Over the next three months, Grayson’s flashbacks slowly decreased in number and intensity. Carl, Tiffany, and Dr. Harden all continually expressed their pleasure with his progress. Carl and Tiffany believed that Grayson was learning to move forward from his time with the Colonel and heal. Dr. Harden believed that Grayson was developing strong coping skills that were allowing him to better handle his triggers.

All of that was true, of course. Grayson was learning to shed his time with the Colonel, and he definitely put to use the strategies that Dr. Harden taught him. But it wasn’t necessarily making him feel any better, safer, or more comfortable. Sure, he realized that Carl and Tiffany would never hurt him. He knew they were good people, and that was the problem.

Because Grayson wasn’t a good person. He was a mess. He was broken. Instead of seeing each dry night as a success, he felt increasingly miserable every morning he had to take his sheets to the washing machine. Instead of seeing the greater length of time between bed wettings as a sign of improvement, he saw each streak-breaking accident as an indication that he’d never fully be able to stop.

At school, however, just like he did while living with Martin, Grayson began to feel more relaxed. The school was big enough that he could blend in, and Ruby made good of her promise never to make him share his experiences if he didn’t want to. In fact, Ruby seemed to have an uncanny ability to be completely undemanding. She never gave any indication that she wanted anything from Grayson; she was satisfied with anything he said or did, which, for the record, is very hard feeling to project.

It was this environment – Carl and Tiffany’s belief that Grayson was improving and Grayson’s maintained unease at home, but moderately higher level of comfort at school – that news of the Colonel’s trial was injected.

Captain Mediano called Carl one Tuesday morning. “It’s been scheduled,” Rob said drily, knowing that Carl would understand what he was referring to. “Because it’s child welfare, not regular assault, we got Judge Hansborough.”

Carl winced, pinching the bridge of his nose. Judge Hansborough was fair, but know for his expediency. “How soon?”

Captain Mediano hesitated. “A week from Thursday.”

“Hoooooo,” Carl breathed. They all knew that the trial was going to happen, but they’d hoped for more time to actively prepare Grayson. “And they want him to testify?”

“If at all possible,” Rob concurred. “I’m sure we have enough evidence from the kid’s statement and the pictures, but Hansborough likes to hear from the victims to help him determine sentencing.”

Nine days, Carl thought. They had nine days to train Grayson to give testimony against the Colonel, if he agreed to it.

Carl thanked Rob for giving him the heads-up. “Anytime,” Mediano replied. “I’ll e-mail you the details. The district attorney wants to know by Friday whether or not Grayson is willing to take the stand.”

Immediately after hanging up, Carl texted Tiffany, who called him back on her break.

“Nine days??” she exclaimed. “That’s…Carl, how can we ask him to do that?”

“It has to be his choice, Tiff,” Carl insisted. “We have to tell him.”

“Do we know what they’d ask him? Will he be cross-examined?” Tiffany’s voice was tight with concern.

“I don’t know,” Carl answered honestly. “I’ll call the DA’s office later today and see what I can find out.”

Tiffany pursed her lips, but knew that she couldn’t shield Grayson entirely. “OK,” she replied after a pause. “We’ll talk when we get home. Love you.”

“Love you, too,” Carl echoed. He knew that Tiffany wasn’t any happier with the suddenness that he was, but they couldn’t do a whole lot to change the trial date, now.

At the dinner table that night, Grayson instantly picked up on the tension emanating from his cousins. His stomach clenched, but he didn’t dare ask what was wrong. Fortunately, he didn’t have to wallow in anxiety for very long.

“Grayson,” Carl broke the uncomfortable silence. “You know how Martin was charged with child abuse for what he did to you?”

Grayson thought he knew where this was going, and felt himself relax slightly. The Colonel’s trial was by far not the worst possibility he’d frantically considered. Unwilling to risk guessing wrong, though, Grayson just nodded.

“Well, they’ve schedule the trial,” Carl continued hesitantly, “and…it’s next Thursday.”

Grayson was already preparing himself to agree to whatever they asked of him, but Tiffany interjected, sounding a bit frantic. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to!” she insisted. “Your safety comes first, so if you don’t want to testify in court, you don’t have to!”

Grayson tried to smile reassuringly at Tiffany before turning to Carl; Carl would be honest with him. “Would it help the case against the Colonel if I did?”

Carl eyed Grayson appraisingly. He didn’t want to influence the kid one way or the other, but he deserved to know the facts. “Captain Mediano and the DA are sure there’s enough for conviction, even without your testimony. The judge will most likely use anything you say to help make a decision on how to sentence Martin.”

But Grayson had already made up his mind. They wouldn’t have asked him in the first place if they didn’t think it would help. “I can do it,” he said evenly.

“You don’t have to make a decision now,” Tiffany assured him, worried.

Grayson shook his head. “No, I want to do it.” He’d become particularly adept at saying what he thought the adults wanted. “I know he can’t hurt me, and I want…I want to show that what he wants doesn’t matter anymore.” Grayson mumbled out the last few words, caught off guard by how honest his answer had become.

Carl clapped Grayson on the shoulder, and Tiffany squeezed his other hand. “We’ll make an appointment with the DA so you can practice what you’re going to say,” Carl promised. They both looked pleased, and Grayson breathed a little easier.

###

“Spill,” Ruby said through a mouthful of taco at lunch the next day.

“Hmm?” Grayson had been trying to pay attention, but between her muffled voice and the singular word, Ruby’s request was unintelligible to him.

“I mean,” Ruby swallowed, amending her demand. “You know you don’t have to tell me anything. But you’ve had something on your mind all day, and it looks like it’s really bugging you.”

Grayson gazed at his friend contemplatively. Roby almost never called him out; she’d just change the subject, or pull up a cute video on her phone, or give him a cookie that her mom had magically baked the night before. But this time, he kind of did want her input.

Smirking slightly at Ruby’s extrasensory ability to be exactly the kind of support he needed, Grayson put down the water bottle he’d been fiddling with.

“You know I live with my cousins,” he began. Ruby bobbed her head in acknowledgement. Grayson took a deep breath, wanting to get the next part out all at once. “My mom died last year. I moved in with her parents, but her dad – my grandfather – would beat me. A lot. Carl and Tiffany rescued me, pretty much. So they’re good, but now, a week from tomorrow is the actual trial for my grandfather and I’m going to testify and it’s the first time I’m going to see him since Carl took me away and I just don’t know how I’m going to react.”

Grayson inhaled deeply, replenishing the breath he’d expending babbling out the bare bones of his story. He tilted his chin down, but raised his eyes shyly to see Ruby’s reaction.

Ruby was staring back at him, sympathetic, but not pitying. Wordlessly, she stood up, walked around to Grayson’s side of the table, and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Grayson’s eyes misted slightly as he gratefully leaned into her embrace.

Not wanting to draw too much attention from the rest of the cafeteria crowd, Ruby gave Grayson a gentle squeeze and sat down next to him. “I’m sorry,” she said simply. “I hate that you went through all that, and I think you’re amazing for surviving it as well as you have. And I will do absolutely anything I can to help you handle this trial.”

And Grayson believed her.

###

And so it was that the following Thursday, Grayson was sworn in at the local courthouse, while Carl and Tiffany sat nervously in the gallery, and the DA smiled at him kindly.

“Grayson, thank you for agreeing to speak to us today,” the DA praised, as if this was nothing more than a simple chat.

Across the room, Martin glared at Grayson from behind the public defender’s table. Regina had bailed him out hours after his arrest, so he wore his military uniform instead of prison garb.

“You already gave a statement about the first time Mr. Buford attacked you,” the DA went on. “Can you please give the court an idea of what would happen after that day?”

Grayson answered promptly, his response well-honed by hours of conversations with the attorney, his cousins, and Dr. Harden. “The Colonel – Mr. Buford – started hitting me more and more. When I forgot to call him ‘sir,’ he shoved soap in my mouth. When I didn’t finish my dinner one night, he strapped me to the chair until ate a double portion. He would punch me or smack me or kick me when I broke the rules or did something wrong, but he wouldn’t tell me what the rules were in the first place. I just had to figure them out on my own.”

“And how often would these attacks occur?” the DA continued, keeping his tone professional.

“Most days,” Grayson responded. “Every once in awhile, after the first few months, I could go two or three days without making him mad, but sometimes it was multiple times a day.”

“I see.” There was no jury, so the DA didn’t need to make any dramatic pauses in his questioning. “And Grayson, can you describe what this pattern of abuse did to you?”

Grayson clenched his fists against his thighs. During practice, the DA had described how Judge Hansborough looked more at the effects of a crime than the crime itself, so it was important to talk about how he was affected. Still, he didn’t like the idea. He didn’t want Carl and Tiffany to think he wasn’t doing OK, and he really didn’t want to effective tell the Colonel how damaged he was.

…but it’s what the DA had said was needed. So Grayson sat up straight. He gripped his pocket, where his phone held an earlier text from Ruby. “Good luck today! I know you can do it.”

“I never knew what was going to get me in trouble,” Grayson began. “It was exhausting. Like a bomb could go off at any time. I started having nightmares. I lost weight. I…” Grayson paused before the last part of his rehearsed answer. “I was always scared. I worried about everything I did. I think…I thought I deserved it. That I really was that bad of a person.”

Grayson heard Judge Hansborough “Hmmm” thoughtfully from the bench.

The DA put his hand on the witness stand. “Thank you, Grayson, that’ll b-“

“You did deserve it, you useless little weakling!” The Colonel’s voice rang through the quiet courtroom, making Grayson flinch violently. “You fucking pansy, I clearly didn’t work you hard enough if you can sit up there and piss and moan about how goddamn scared you were, you-“

The Colonel kept ranting as the other adults in the room burst into action. Judge Hansborough banged his gavel and demanded order as the poor public defender frantically tried to get his client to sit down. Carl and Tiffany were both risen from their seats, looking worriedly at Grayson.

Judge Hansborough gazed sternly at the still-muttering Colonel. “Defense, do you have any further questions for the witness?”

“No, Your Honor,” the defender panted, wiping his brow in agitation. Even if the Colonel hadn’t basically just proven his own guilt, his defense was never predicated on discrediting Grayson.

The judge turned toward Grayson, who was sitting stiffly in the witness stand. “You’re dismissed, son.”

Grayson nodded and mumbled a thank you. He could barely feel his legs as he walked back down the aisle. Tiffany grabbed his arm as soon as he walked through the barrier and hastily escorted him from the courtroom.

Out in the hall, Tiffany hugged Grayson protectively. “I’m so proud of you, honey. So proud. You did so great, and you’re done now. You’ll never have to see him again.”

Trembling slightly, Grayson allowed himself to be held for a moment. “Can we go home now?”

Tiffany released her hug and rubbed Grayson’s arm. “We don’t have to go back in the courtroom, but Carl still has to testify. We’ll wait for him, then go home before your appointment with Dr. Harden this afternoon.”

Grayson opened and shut his mouth, then hung his head. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I need to change.”

Looking down for the first time, Tiffany noticed a small wet patch on Grayson’s inner thigh. Her shoulders drooped in sympathy. “Of course, sweetheart. It’s not your fault. I’ll text Carl to let him know we’ll come back for him later.”

###

In Dr. Harden’s office, Grayson curled up tightly on the couch. Carl and Tiffany had been effusive in their praise of his performance in the courtroom, but he didn’t share their enthusiasm.

“So you don’t think you did well?” Dr. Harden pressed after hearing Grayson’s blunted description of the events of the morning.

Grayson shrugged. “I said everything I was supposed to say. I think the judge will deliver his verdict tomorrow or something.”

Dr. Harden gazed impassively, the non-verbal equivalent of saying “…but?”

Annoyance bubbled up in Grayson’s chest, and he blinked back frustrated tears. “I still let him scare me,” he growled, his voice husky. “I still…I still peed myself.”

“Not to put too fine a point on things, Grayson,” Dr. Harden had adopted her explanatory voice, the one she used when describing clinical terms. “but you were presented with a direct replication – that is, the strongest trigger possible – and you stayed cognizant. You didn’t have a flashback, you didn’t break down. That demonstrates huge strides in your rehabilitation.” She stated this last part earnestly, willing Grayson to accept her interpretation.

“But…” Grayson started, then stopped. He thought about what Dr. Harden said. He’d sat right in front of the Colonel screaming at him, and he hadn’t completely freaked out. He’d managed to sit still, then leave the courtroom calmly.

Dr. Harden smiled, seeing Grayson consider her words.

“I guess,” Grayson conceded softly. If he could come far enough in 3 months to be able to face the Colonel without completely wetting himself and collapsing into sobs, then maybe he really could get better. He could stop being so difficult for Carl and Tiffany. He could be a normal teenager. He could be good and helpful and fixed. He could.

*034*2016-02-07 07:19

Final chapter! Thank you all so, so much for reading and commenting. I really appreciate it, and I hope you like the ending!

###

As the school year drew to a close, Grayson cautiously began to breathe a little easier. He had done well in his classes, and, with Ruby’s help, he’d gotten a job as a lifeguard at the local country club. The Colonel’s trial was over, and Grayson hadn’t wet the bed in almost a month. He was starting to feel like he really could be the person he so desperately wanted to be for Carl and Tiffany.

“Grayson!” Ruby’s cheerful laugh broke through Grayson’s reverie during the last period of the day one early June afternoon. Finals were over, and it was one of those school days where most teachers did little but show movies or let students play games. In chemistry, Mrs. Cason had set up a marginally success game of team Trivial Pursuit.

“Look alive, Gray,” Ruby demanded good-naturedly. “This is for a pie! Who is the only person to win 2 Heisman trophies?”

“Mmmm…” Grayson hummed. “The OSU guy…Griffith…Griffin!”

“Which is it?!” Ruby shrieked, her eyes sparkling with enthusiasm.

“Archie Griffin!” Grayson shouted back, gleefully caught up in the near-summer excitement of the classroom. He gulped down the last of his water bottle, thirsty in the muggy heat.

The final bell rang and Grayson’s classmates cheered, for the correct answer or getting one day closer to summer break. It didn’t matter. The feeling of inevitable euphoria was contagious, and Grayson couldn’t help but beam as he and Ruby made their way to their lockers.

Snatching his backpack and sunglasses from his locker, Grayson noticed an urgent signal from his bladder. Not surprising – he’d downed quite a bit of water throughout the day, including two full bottles during chemistry. Before he could turn to the restroom, his phoned buzzed in his pocket.

“Parked outside!” the text from Tiffany read. Tiffany always offered to pick Grayson up on days she worked night shift.

Grayson huffed. They didn’t live too far away; he was sure he’d just wait a little longer. He didn’t want to keep Tiffany waiting; that would be rude. He said a quick goodbye to Ruby and strolled down the hall, trying not to look like he was rushing too much.

“Hey, kid!” Tiffany grinned as Grayson slid into the car. “Did you get your history exams back?”

“Yeah, 94,” Grayson answered modestly. “So I got an A for the semester.”

“That’s great, honey!” Tiffany cheered, her voice high with joy. “Wait until Carl hears. History was always his favorite subject.”

Grayson dipped his chin, blushing at the compliment. Then his bladder jerked, and his blush morphed from pride to fear. He’d been careless in how much he drank, and his bladder was filling much faster than usual.

“Oh, hey,” Tiffany segued, oblivious to Grayson’s predicament. “I have to return this shirt. Mind if we stop by the mall? It shouldn’t take long.”

“Sure,” Grayson responded without even thinking. It just wasn’t in him to disagree, despite his growing need.

Tiffany pulled into a spot near the mall entrance. “I should only be a few minutes. Do you just want to wait here?”

“Sure,” Grayson said again. At this point, sitting was better for his situation. He momentarily considered going in and using the bathroom, but he wasn’t sure enough of the layout of the mall to know where he would have to go, and he didn’t want to make Tiffany wait.

As soon as Tiffany headed inside, leaving the windows open for a pleasant cross-breeze, Grayson squirmed in his seat, temporarily giving in to his childish desire to hold himself. Without his cousin there to see, he could indulge in his nervous desperation, wriggling, whining, and mentally cursing himself for being so reckless.

The holding helped, and after a few moments, Grayson was able to calm down. As the minutes dragged on, however, and Tiffany still didn’t return, Grayson started to sweat.

His phone buzzed after about 15 minutes, and he jumped, leaking a tiny bit in the process. He moaned miserably as he read Tiffany’s text.

“Crazy long line! Sorry for the wait. I’ll be out soon.”

Grayson tried to keep from panicking. What did “soon” even mean? They were still 15 minute from home, and he didn’t want Tiffany to see how frantic he was. If she’d given him a time limit, he might have risked running inside to use the restroom, but “soon” was far too vague. So he just waited.

After another 10 minutes, Tiffany finally returned. By that time, Grayson had removed his hands from his lap, but had his thighs pressed tightly together. He had to make it; he couldn’t wet himself in the car, and he definitely couldn’t wet himself for no reason.

“So sorry, sweetie!” Tiffany apologized breathlessly. “Apparently, everyone in town had something to do at customer service. Thanks for being so patient.”

“N-no big deal,” Grayson stammered slightly, then cringed, but Tiffany was too busy backing out of the parking space to notice.

Before Tiffany could return her attention to her young cousin, the Bluetooth rang. “Hey, baby!” Tiffany called when she answered.

“Hey, Tiff,” It was Carl. “I finished up early, so I’ll be home soon.”

“Oh, great!” Tiffany replied. “I stopped at the mall to return that one shirt, so we’re actually not home yet.”

“I’m just leaving now, so you’ll still probably beat me there,” Carl said. “Maybe we can all go out to dinner!”

“Great plan, babe,” Tiffany beamed. “Drive safe. Love you!”

In the passenger seat, Grayson was starting to shake. If Carl got home at the same time as they did, he’d have to get past both of them to get to the bathroom. He’d already leaked some more, and he was terrified that his cousins would see, and then he’d have to explain, and then they’d know how stupid he was, because what kind of teenager couldn’t make it to the bathroom?

“…for dinner?” Grayson just barely caught the end of Tiffany’s question.

“Uhh…I’m up for anything,” Grayson took a shot, praying his answer reasonably fit the question.

Tiffany chortled. “Well, I think I’ll try to talk Carl into trying that new Indian place over on 8th. Sound good?”

Grayson murmured his assent, his mind swimming with the effort of holding back the contents of his bladder without divulging his dire state.

By the time Tiffany pulled into the driveway, Grayson could feel beads of sweat dripping steadliy down his back. It took all his focus not to leap out of the car before they had pulled to a complete stop. As luck would have it, Carl wasn’t home yet, and Tiffany’s phone rang again, so Grayson was able to stumble out of the car and into the house without drawing any undue attention.

The sound of Tiffany’s voice, talking on the phone, faded quickly as Grayson dashed up the stairs, now openly holding himself. It was a terrible combination of timing, nerves, and the rapid journey of those last two bottles of water to his bladder, and Grayson was past his limit. The fabric under the tense grip of his hand was wet to the touch, and he was losing more every second.

Grayson’s whines became audible as he kicked the bathroom door shut behind him. He couldn’t stop writhing his hips as he stumbled to the toilet, his hands scrabbling at his fly.

“No…no…” Grayson’s cries grew more frenzied as his fingers slipped on the damp zipper pull. More urine spilled down his clenched thighs.

Trembling all over, Grayson yanked again at his unresponsive zipper, but it wouldn’t budge.

Grayson moaned unintelligibly, feeling himself lose control. Spurts merged into once, long, continuous leak, and the wet patch on his pants expanded down both legs. “Noooooo,” he wailed, collapsing onto the floor, his legs unable to support him any longer.

Hot, awful liquid poured through his pants, pooling on the bathroom tile. He was having an accident. He was fully conscious, and he was peeing himself like a child, like a stupid, useless…

“Grayson!” Carl called frantically, pounding on the door, alerted by Grayson’s cries. “Grayson! Are you OK?!”

Grayson started to hyperventilate as he finally finished peeing. They’d know. They’d see him. He’d wet himself for no reason, and they’d see.

“Honey?” Tiffany’s voice joined Carl’s. “Honey, we’re coming in!”

The door opened, and Carl and Tiffany spilled through. “It’s OK, sweetie, you’re safe!” Tiffany exclaimed upon seeing the soaked, weeping teen crumpled on the floor.

She reached out for Grayson, but he jerked away convulsively, curling up against the bathtub. He could do nothing but sob uncontrollably, his breaths heaving and ragged. What had he been thinking, that he was doing well and could be good? Stupid, stupid!

“Grayson, you’re safe,” Carl echoed Tiffany. “It’s OK, kid, just breathe.”

“Sweetie, do you know where you are? Can you tell us what happened?” Tiffany asked, kneeling just out of reach, careful to avoid the puddle on the floor.

Grayson only wept harder. They thought he’d had a flashback. Of course they did. They were so kind and generous and it would never occur to them that he was just dumb enough to piss himself right in front of the toilet.

“It’s OK, honey, it’s OK,” Tiffany was still saying, her voice soft and soothing. She and Carl shared an anxious look. Grayson had been doing so well; he hadn’t had a flashback in weeks, and he’d really never had this violent of a reaction. Instead of just looking scared, he looked downright destroyed.

Grayson’s mind cleared just enough to decide that his cousins weren’t going to leave him until they thought he had calmed down. He had to get himself under control so they’d stop worrying. But then he’d have to…

His eyes filled again at the thought of telling Carl and Tiffany just how badly he’d fucked up. One thing at a time…

With great effort, Grayson stopped crying. His wet, sticky pants were cold on his legs, and the pale yellow puddle on the floor seemed to stare mockingly at him, evidence of how gross and worthless he was. When he was sure he could speak without breaking down, he drew in a somewhat shaky breath.

“Just breathe, honey,” Tiffany encouraged gently. “Can you tell us what happened?”

“I…” Grayson mumbled. “Can I take a shower?”

“Of course, kid,” Carl responded promptly. “You go get clean clothes. Tiff and I will clean up in here.”

“No!” Grayson exclaimed, a bit too vehemently. Carl and Tiffany stared at him, concerned. “I…I’d rather do it myself. Please.”

Tiffany sighed softly, but Carl nodded. “If that’s what you want.”

###

Grayson tried not to spend too long in the shower. Of course, he didn’t want to have to tell Carl and Tiffany what he’d really done, but he couldn’t lie to them. They deserved better, and they deserved to know.

Clad in clean shorts and a t-shirt, Grayson gingerly pulled the soiled clothes from the floor. He stomach clenched at the scent of urine, and he gagged slightly, more from disgust with himself than disgust with the physical sensation.

He dropped the clothes down the laundry chute, determined to wash them on his own. He just didn’t have the energy at the moment.

Back in his room, Grayson slumped on his bed, trying to prepare his confession. Strong afternoon light streamed through his windows, incongruous against his consuming feeling of despair.

“Grayson?” Tiffany knocked gently on Grayson’s doorway, peeking through the open door. “How are you doing, honey?”

Grayson’s lower lip started to tremble. He wasn’t ready for this, but would he ever really be ready?

Tiffany and Carl hesitantly entered the room. “We want to make sure you’re OK, Grayson,” Carl assured him. “You haven’t had an episode that bad in a long time. What can we do to help? Do we need to make an emergency appointment with Dr. Harden?”

“No,” Grayson couldn’t make his voice any louder than a whisper. They were so worried about him, when all he did was make a mess and ruin their plans for going out to dinner.

“It might be a good idea, sweetie,” Tiffany suggested. “Especially if you’re not sure what triggered-“

“No!” Grayson repeated, far more forcefully. Carl and Tiffany both recoiled at Grayson’s outburst. Everything about the events so far was so atypical for him.

Grayson sighed, still not meeting his cousins’ eyes. “I’m sorry,” he murmured.

“It’s OK, honey, you don’t have to see Dr. Harden if you don’t want to,” Tiffany assured him kindly. “It’s up to you.”

“No,” Grayson repeated, trying not to let himself get too frustrated with Tiffany’s ignorance. “I’m sorry…I’m sorry for…for wetting on the floor…”

“Oh, Grayson,” Tiffany’s heart ached with sympathy for the poor kid. “You know you don’t-“

“I do!” Grayson couldn’t stop himself from interrupting. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” His eyes filled with tears again, and his voice started to crack.

“You always say it’s not my fault, that it’s OK because I can’t help it, but this was,” His voice squeaked with emphasis. “It was my fault, I was so stupid, it was all my fault and I should have done better but I didn’t. It wasn’t a flashback, it wasn’t the Colonel, I just had to pee and I didn’t go at school and then Tiffany got stuck at the mall and then I couldn’t get my zipper down and I couldn’t make it and I should have and it was my fault, it was!”

Carl and Tiffany both stood, breathless at the teen’s pained rant. “Grayson…” Carl began, but Grayson interrupted again.

“You’ve been so nice to me,” Grayson muttered. “And you’ve put up with a lot and I know it’s because you feel bad for what the Colonel did, so you’ve taken care of me and cleaned up after me and taken me to counseling.” He unconsciously picked at a loose string on his shirt, trying to keep his voice from shaking. “And I tried really hard to get better and stop being so much trouble, and it was helping, all the counseling and stuff, but it’s…it’s not enough.”

Grayson slumped forward, miserable with the weight of the truth.

Tiffany cautiously took a step forward. “What do you mean, it’s not enough?”

Tears started falling freely from Grayson’s eyes. “It’s me,” he sobbed. He felt like he could melt into the floor. “You tried so hard to make me better and I wasn’t good enough. I’m not good enough.”

“Oh, Grayson!” Tiffany dropped on the bed and took Grayson in her arms, hugging him more tightly than she’d ever hugged him before.

Too tired to resist, and, honestly, calmed by Tiffany’s touch, Grayson didn’t draw away. “I’m not,” he repeated, his voice muffled. “I’m weak and useless and stupid and I can’t even use the toilet like a real person and all I do is make messes and cause trouble.”

“Grayson, that’s not true at all,” Carl declared firmly. “None of that is true.”

“It is!’ Grayson insisted through his tears. “It is true! All I’ve done since you saved me is wet the bed and pee myself and you have to come get me from school and take me to the doctor and don’t say it’s because of the Colonel because today had nothing to do with him and I still messed up! It’s my fault!”

Carl sat on Grayson’s other side, and Tiffany started to stroke Grayson’s hair. “Sweetie, it was just an accident,” she insisted.

Grayson inhaled, as if he was preparing to argue, but Carl spoke first. “Kid, everyone makes mistakes. When we would say ‘it’s not your fault,’ we didn’t mean that we’d be mad if it was something that you did. We just wanted to make sure you understood why it was happening.”

Tiffany picked up, not wanting to give Grayson a chance to argue. “Honey, no one expects you to be perfect. Like Carl said, everyone makes mistakes sometimes. It happens. Messes are made, people are late, things get broken. We’re not mad at you, we promise.”

“But…” Grayson stammered, his voice still thick with tears. “But I should have known better. I should have said something.”

“And you will next time,” Carl promised. “It’s fine.”

Still in Tiffany’s embrace, Grayson finally looked up into his cousins’ earnest, comforting faces. Exhausted from both his accident and the collective effort of trying so hard to be good for the past few months, he finally voiced his greatest fear.

“What if…” his voice cracked. “What if I never get better?” He looked from Carl to Tiffany and back. “What if I always have flashbacks or wet the bed or screw up?”

Tiffany placed a hand on Grayson’s cheek, staring straight into his eyes. “Then that’s what happens, sweetheart. It doesn’t matter to us. Grayson?” she looked at him bracingly. “We love you. So, so much. No matter what.”

“You promise?” the childish plea slipped out before Grayson could stop it.

Tiffany wrapped her arms around Grayson’s shoulders, and Carl wrapped his arms around both of them. “We promise, kid,” Carl vowed, speaking for both of them. “Of course we do.”

###

And so it was that two months later, Grayson stood with Carl and Tiffany in Judge Hansborough’s courtroom as they signed the papers formalizing his adoption. Ruby stood in the back of the courtroom, looking utterly delighted for her friend.

“Young man,” the judge asked solemnly. “Carl and Tiffany Buford have petitioned for legal parenthood. At age 16, you have a say in this. Mr. and Mrs. Buford have stated their desire to be their parents. Mr. Buford,” he addressed Grayson, who had his mother’s name, “is this what you want?”

Grayson beamed at his cousins, then turned back to the judge. “Yes, sir. That’s what I want.”

*043*2016-02-14 02:58

{{ 

Omg this was just an amazing story from start to finish!!! I almost cried, you ended it so well. Wow I'm such a big fan of all your works, I can't wait for more. Kudos! :)

}}

I'm so glad you enjoyed it! The ending just kind of fell together. I didn't quite plan as much connectivity, but it worked out well :)

{{ 

What a amazing chapter

}}

Thanks, Minerva! I appreciate your comments.

{{ 

Amazing!

}}

Thank you for reading!

{{ 

So sad it's done but that was awesome! I can't wait to see what you write up next (:

}}

I have quite a few ideas, actually (a bunch of female stories, which I usually don't write), so now we'll just see which ones I bother to take the time to type out. I might be able to squeeze in a one-shot in the next few weeks, but otherwise, I won't really have time until April.

{{ 

Awwwww, a happy ending! This was a great story, I really loved it!

}}

Thank you! I'm really glad you liked it. I'm a sucker for happy endings :)

{{ 

I really liked this one!

}}

Why, thank you!

{{ 

I'm sad that this is over but i'm glad this story got the perfect ending that it deserved. I do wish that the relationship between grayson and ruby could have been explored a bit more. A spin-off series maybe? Anyway, fitting ending for a beautiful story.

}}

I totally agree that Ruby got the shaft. In my mind, she is a very important person in Grayson's story, but I'm a bit too lazy to flesh out my stories too much :/ Thank you so much for reading!

{{ 

That story was incredible! The beginning was heartbreaking. I felt so bad for Grayson...I kept thinking "that poor kid!" and I wanted to teleport myself through the screen and pick him up and hug him! I forgot that he was a fictional character! I wanted to beat the living crap out of "the Colonel" and kept thinking how much of a monster he was for abusing a kid that way.

You truly have a talent for writing. The omo parts were detailed and well written, but the story as a whole was truly amazing. It was very emotional, and honestly it really got to me. I was way more interested in what was going to happen to Grayson, and I was glad that he was finally being taken care of and got the love and help he needed. I always get extremely emotional and upset whenever I hear or read about kids being mistreated, even in a fictional story.

The Colonel should get life in Federal prison without the possibility of parole! That should be the mandatory sentence for child abuse. Of course that wouldn't happen, but in an ideal world it should!

Again, amazing story....very moving and heart-wrenching but with a good ending.

}}

Oh, my! Thank you so much for your feedback; I really appreciate you taking the time to comment! This is the "biggest" story I've written, in terms of time span for the characters, so I'm glad you felt for them :)

*045*2018-03-18 23:14

{{21 hours ago, Valandrea said:

I was so frustrated after reading your last story that I looked for unknown ones on your profile (and got a chance to reread all my favorites for hours, thank you for my extreme lack of sleep !). And what a joy it is to come across this unknown one ! It is a marvelous story (especially the last chapter !!) ! Thank you so much for creating such amazing realities, you make me dream (and that's priceless).

}}

You're so kind! It blows my mind a little bit how long I've been posting on here. It really is the supportive readers that make me bother to write down the fruits of my imagination! And for the record, I thoroughly enjoy your stories, too. I'm always so grateful for people who write (and write well, it must be said) the kind of emotionally-driven omo stories that I love to read!

