Male Hypnotist x Reader

Author: Empeeror

*000*2020-07-28 18:26

Various and sundry disclaimers:

While this story is written for the reader to be a woman, it doesn't really matter that much (one trigger word references gender, and it mentions panties, but anyone can wear those). I hope anyone can enjoy it. If you are very susceptible to hypnosis and do not want to wet yourself, I recommend not reading this story, as it features somewhat realistic inductions. Additionally, it may feature trigger words that you already have. Final disclaimer: This story features slightly more than just omorashi, so if you're not into that, don't read it. With that aside, let's begin.

===========

You enter the mahogany-paneled office with its high ceiling and warmly lit chandelier, and look around. There is a finished oak desk stretching from wall to wall in the middle of the room, with a turntable beneath it. There is a faint scent of cologne. There are two large office chairs, one on either side of the desk. The chair on the other side is facing away from you. You hear a voice echo through the room. It's deep, but almost silky in its mannerisms.

"Have a seat, please."

You oblige. This is one of the most comfortable chairs you have ever sat in. The office chair on the other side of the table swivels around to reveal the source of the voice: a man dressed in a well-fitted suit. He has a strong jawline, slicked-back jet-black hair, and thin fingers, which he rests in a templing position. He looks you in the eyes. His eyes are a shade of hazel, a murky brown mixed with green. Your heart beats a little bit faster.

"I can tell you're nervous. Don't be. First time doing this in person, eh? Here, I'll put on some light music."

He gives a friendly smile and leans beneath the desk to adjust the needle of the record player. He straightens the cuffs of his sleeves, and sits back up, holding papers in one of his hands. The music begins. Piano concerto number 2. He speaks again.

"Rachmaninoff. Don't worry, it doesn't have subliminal messages. Well, that I know of, at least."

Your heartrate is still slightly elevated. The man shuffles some papers and glances at the top sheet.

"Everything you've outlined here can be arranged. You've already given informed consent by signing this paper. Of course, I know who you are, but allow me to introduce myself. My name is Daniel, but most clients just call me 'Doc.'"

You nod to acknowledge this.

"There are a few things you need to know. Some decry hypnosis as pseudoscience, a party trick, unfit to be practiced. Others, like myself, know that regardless of its status, it can achieve results. This is both good and bad. If at any time you feel uncomfortable, you should tell me to stop, but it will take time for the hypnosis' effects to wear off. For more practical matters, the fire exit is through the main lobby. This is also where the bathrooms are, though if your request slip is anything to go by, you won't be needing those."

Your face flushes slightly with excitement and embarrassment.

"Let's begin with a simple induction. To enter trance, you need to focus all your attention on an object. Focus on your bladder. Yes, that's it. You've needed to pee since before you came here. Good, that would have distracted you from any other focus, but now it is your only focus. Your bladder is heavy and warm with the weight of the urine in it. As I count down from 10, your bladder will become heavier and warmer.

10

9

8

7

6

5

4

3

2

1.

Good. Your bladder is very full. You are very aware of this. But the warmth is spreading to other parts of your body. Your stomach is warm. The warmth travels up into your heart and is pumped through your arteries. Your arms are warm now, and very heavy. Good, let your arms rest. Your arms are too heavy to move now. Your legs, too, are heavy. Cross them, so you're comfortable. I'm going to count down from 10 again, and as I count, your bladder gets heavier and fuller.

10

9

8

7

6

5

4

3

2

1

Good. You are weary. You want me to make decisions for you. That's why I'm here. From now on, every time I mention the word 'fuller,' you will fall deeper and deeper into trance, and your bladder will get much, much fuller.

Fuller and fuller. Your arms and fingers are heavier too. You can't touch yourself. Fold your arms in your lap, over your crossed legs. Your legs are very heavy. Your arms are very heavy too. Your bladder is getting fuller, fuller, fuller. Remember to focus on your bladder as it gets fuller. You still have control over it, even though it's begging to be emptied, because I let you have control over it, even as it gets fuller and fuller. It's beyond a mere want to pee now. It is a need. Control of your bladder is slowly slipping away. As I count down, your control will decrease proportionally.

10 - The most control, you won't even leak.

9 - Mostly controlled. You are confident you can hold it.

8 - You can override your bladder's pangs.

7 - You are mostly in control, but it is slipping.

6 - You are barely keeping your bladder under control.

5 - You and your instincts are nearly equal.

4 - Focus on your bladder, control is slipping again.

3 - Fuller.

2 - Use all your will to keep yourself from peeing.

1 - I control your bladder. You are just as desperate, but now you cannot pee without my permission. Your body will refuse. Mmm. You still need to pee. Your bladder is getting even fuller. But I know how to keep you from peeing without permission. Until a certain point, arousal makes it difficult for you to urinate.

Raise your hands out of your lap. Good. First, imagine that I kiss your left hand. Or do I kiss your left hand? What is a hypnotic illusion? What is real? The only thing true is that your bladder is getting fuller. Then, imagine that I kiss your right hand. I tickle your lips with my index finger, then I kiss your forehead. Then your nose. Then either cheek, and I move in, but I don't kiss you on the lips. You are aroused. You want me to kiss you. When I say 'aroused,' you will experience this level of arousal, but the pleasure will increase every time.

You are aroused. Very aroused. So aroused that by the end of this session, your panties will be more than one kind of wet. Fuller. Aroused. Yes, very aroused. But frustrated, because I won't kiss you. Aroused. But focus on your bladder. It's somehow even fuller. You really need to go. But I won't let you, and don't worry, your bladder won't either. It's under my control. You are under my control. Your bladder's getting fuller, and you are very aroused. You know what would be bliss right now?

Getting to use a toilet, and then I kiss you. It would be almost orgasmic. I tease your lips again, and run my index finger up your thigh to your abdomen. I poke at your bladder, which is still getting fuller and fuller. You can be a good girl and hold it, though. For now. You feel happy when I say 'good girl,' because it means that you've done what I asked. For now, that means you haven't peed. Another countdown is coming. It is the level of sexual pleasure you get from me saying 'good girl.'

10 - You are pleased with yourself.

9 - You are turned on. Aroused.

8 - You are very aroused.

7 - You want to throw yourself at me.

6 - You crave more, because it feels so good.

5 - You feel like you're having sex.

4 - You can't tell whether it's imaginary or physiological.

3 - You have to bite your lip to keep from moaning.

2 - Your private bits are throbbing.

You thought I would go to one already? No, we have some more time left to play. Is your bladder getting fuller?"

You nod. Your bladder is very full. It's difficult not to pee.

"Good. But I am in control. You will not wet yourself while I am in charge. Focus on keeping your bladder from emptying itself. Everything will come together soon. You're still aroused. The final stage of the countdown will result in orgasm, but not without the magic words. When I say 'good girl,' you will climax. Your back will arch with pleasure and you will moan loudly. But that is yet to come. I have one final trigger to install. You will be back in control of your bladder, except under one condition.

1 - I control your bladder, it is hard to resist peeing. You won't pee, though.

2 - I'm still in control, but you can keep from peeing.

3 - You regain a small bit of control.

4 - You are going to hold it.

5 - You and your instincts are equal again.

6 - You are keeping yourself from peeing, but only barely.

7 - You are mostly in control again.

8 - You can ignore your bladder pangs.

9 - You should be confident you can hold it.

10 - You can hold it in all but one case.

That case is when I say the trigger word. When I say the word 'urinate,' you will lose absolutely all control of your bladder and wet yourself with no ability to stop. You're going to have a big accident."

You blush, aware of what is coming soon.

"Lets review before you get out of trance. Your triggers will remain active for the rest of the day. You are aroused because your bladder is getting fuller. There are two other triggers, one that will make you let go of your inhibitions and one that will give you immense pleasure. You will exit from trance after this countdown, and will not remember the triggers until I say them again.

10 - You're still deep in trance.

9 - Your arms and legs are lighter again.

8 - You feel warm and tingly, but you're waking up.

7 - You are very happy and are exiting trance slowly.

6 - You still crave trance, but you know you can come back after you leave it.

5 - You're halfway awake.

4 - You're almost out of trance.

3 - You're getting closer.

2 - You're barely even in trance now.

1 - You are finally awake and out of trance."

You look around to find the same office as before, with Doc sitting across from you. He speaks again.

"It seems like your bladder's gotten fuller."

You nod in agreement, because it has.

"You also seem aroused. Very aroused."

You nod even more vigorously.

"I think it's time you relieve your bladder of its stress. Urinate."

Without warning, you relinquish control of your bladder, and you pee forcefully through your clothes. It puddles in the chair beneath you. Your face is bright red. He moves in toward you, and tips your chin up with his hand. He whispers into your ear.

"Good girl."

You're overcome with sexual pleasure. Your back arches, you moan, and your arms go limp. Then, he kisses you. Your pleasure practically explodes, and you can hardly contain yourself.

Finally, you sit back down in the puddle of warm urine beneath you. Daniel speaks again.

"You can pay here or up front. By the way, you're the first client that's managed this."

He walks around to the front of the desk and points to the front of his pants. He was clearly erect, and there was the unmistakable stain of premature ejaculation.

"Good girl."

