Deep Dives

Author: アイミ

*000*2023-09-06 00:12

Hello everyone! It's your favourite inconsistent uploader, here to make something hopefully more consistent to upload.

So then, you might be wondering, what is this? And why did you call it "Deep Dives"?

Now, those are great questions. To put it simply, I've called it this because I really don't understand SEO on this site, and am bad at titles.

But, as to what this is, it's pretty simple. I want to write, but am bad at coming up with original stuff, so I'm here to ask you all what you want to see. I'll read your suggestions and write stuff relating to the things you want to read.

Make sense?

- Rules for Suggestions:

- I am looking for you to tell me the broad category of what you want me to write.

- Tell me like how many people should be written (Within reason, of course.)

- A vague setting idea that you'd like

- Any content you'd like to see? Any personal kinks you want me to write for?

- However, I will be choosing the characters and how this all plays out.

Make sense? Good, it's pretty simple. (If needed I can update these rules, but I think this is good for now.)

I plan on having one upload every month. But that may change depending on other stuff.

After a release is added I'll put the "「End of Release Marker」" at the end, indicating that I'd like you all to start suggesting.

I'll start writing once there's been at least one suggestion of stuff. But after each one I'll try to give enough time for a few people to suggest.

Please only suggest after the marker so I can see how many people want something for the latest release. Thank you.

So then, start suggesting things and I'll start writing.

「End of Release Marker」

*002*2023-09-06 00:28

{{6 minutes ago, Red31299 said:

Little difficult to choose but

Female group of 2-3, stealth infiltration

Diaper use, desperation?

}}

Perfect. I like that idea. Thanks.

*004*2023-09-06 01:09

Well, I'll write what's wanted, so anything that the people want, I'll do.

*005*2023-09-06 01:20

(Also, if anyone else would like to throw their ideas in, please do so. Until I start posting feel free to keep giving suggestions.)

*006*2023-09-06 02:17

Alright, just finished my assignment, so I am gonna start writing.

Let's go!

*007*2023-09-06 02:55

Oh, quick question. Would you like me to only post it once the story's finished? Or in segments?

*009*2023-09-06 02:58

Ok. Got it.

*010*2023-09-06 04:01

「2 years after the Cataclysm」

「Story 1: Part 1」

「Consecutive Months of Updates: 0」

"I'm here to get you in, I'll be supporting you two from back here, so don't make me do too much. Understand?" Atop the dark rooftop sits a small woman cloaked in black. her clothes are adjourned with pointless straps dangling from the sleeves, and pockets full of USBs and SD cards. Sitting on the concrete roof is her open laptop illuminating her feet and the long rifle next to her with a soft pink glow.

Below her, the hacker's two allies stand, backs against the wall of the dark alleys of the city. The rebellious graffiti of Ritalli Diverna cover every surface they can touch, torn tarps and broken electronics litter the side-streets. "Thanks Nami, we're counting on you to get us through." One of the women in the alley replies, pressing two fingers to the earpiece.

The other slams the magazine into her slung SMG before swinging it behind her back. "You ready to break in, Naziara?" She asks, warming up her fingers by quickly moving them in every direction. Her dark boots tap against the wall, her dark cap pointing downwards as she looks towards Naziara's bare feet.

"Of course I am! I've been preparing for this for a month now. It's about time we settle the score, right Ylia?" Naziara replies, grinning as she tightens her gloves. Her black and pink wetsuit-like leggings grip to her skin, while her contrasting, unzipped short-sleeved hoodie sits on her torso loosely. The multi-coloured high neck bikini restrains her comparatively large breasts beneath it.

"You're right. Just have your Spirit Abilities on guard though, our foes aren't gonna be holding back, so there's little reason for us to either." Ylia replies.

"Monitoring foe's systems, mission commence in five." Nami calls down to the two through their earpieces. As she says this she pulls her hood down, revealing her shoulder high white hair and her rabbit like ears atop her head. "I've got my eyes all set up, I'll watch out for you two, but don't count on me for everything." She adds, conjuring a metallic mask in her hand. She affixes it to her head, the black metal covering her entire face, the singular central eye looking outwards with its blue glow. Her beastly ears poke out from the top of the helmet, the white fur contrasting with the rest of her dark appearance.

"Well, you've heard her." Ylia says, beginning to move out into the brightly lit central streets of the city. Dazzling propaganda of the DFC's dreams and products shines down onto the ground, illuminating it brighter than any torch. Naziara follows behind, the two of them stepping into the city.

As they take their first steps of the mission the two ground units hear Nami's voice come through again. "System one, cracked. You're safe from the light now, but watch out for any foot soldiers." Immediately the overwhelming light of the city cuts out, leaving nothing but darkness. "You can thank me later." She adds, watching the two of them move through the city quickly towards the DFC Star Arc. Her eyes dance from multiple viewpoints as she switches between monitoring the lobby of the Star Arc, looking out for ground foes on the city streets, aiming her weapon at any potential intersections, and surveying the Star Arc's interior halls. Nami watches through her floating cameras of Spirit Energy while the other two look out for nearby foes as they dash through the city streets.

Naziara and Ylia make it to the halfway checkpoint between their target and their rendezvous in only a few minutes, but even with their incredibly rapid pace the anti-intrusion systems of the DFC activate before they make it inside the Star Arc. The whirring of helicopters can be heard overhead as their searchlights shine down, scanning the city's streets and rooftops for the intruders.

"Well, this certainly has gotten more interesting, hasn't it?" Naziara says to her team as the two ground units duck into the shaded side streets.

"This was to be expected, but we can only hope that none of our adversaries are any big shots of the company." Ylia replies. The two of them sit in the alley, waiting for the search overhead to fade from their vicinity, as they do Nami closes her laptop, and returns inside the building through the smashed window to the roof.

"It's hard to determine our foes from my positioning, but it doesn't seem like they've activated Falcon yet, so you shouldn't have too much to worry about." Nami explains as the three of them hide from the search.

"Aww, that's no fun, but I'm sure we'll make enough of a ruckus to get someone important down here. I'm looking forward to a climactic battle against them." Naziara responds.

"I'd hate for that to happen, but if it does, I'm sure we can take them on. Although, we will need your help Nami." Ylia adds.

Pulling out her laptop again Ylia sits down in a corner of the stairwell, still flicking through her cams to watch for when it's safe to move. "Ugh, I'm already doing all the hard work, but whatever you say." As she watches, she notices that the helicopters leave barely any gap to escape through. "Hey, you two are gonna need to take care of those, if you want to move that is." She says with a slightly snarky tone.

"No gaps for us to escape through?" Ylia asks before standing back up straight and opening her palms. "I guess I'll have to use this then, but as soon as I do they'll know what we're here doing." She signals for Naziara to follow as she runs out into the street, jumping up and sticking two spots of dazzling red energy to the walls. From these spots emerge thousands of thin red beams of similar light that move in random directions. These beams cut through the helicopters, illuminating the dark city with the explosions of the destroyed vehicles. Naziara and Ylia run towards the Star Arc, the area around them lit brightly by the destruction.

*011*2023-09-08 08:03

「2 years after the Cataclysm」

「Story 1: Part 2」

「Consecutive Months of Updates: 0」

"You should be fine to resume the mission as planned when you reach the Star Arc, security around the infiltration point hasn't seemed to increase." Nami says to the others as they rush for their objective. She watches from half a mile away, her scope set for any foes that could surprise her allies. Naziara and Ylia quickly dive into the shadows of the Star Arc, the two of them sitting at its base, ready to breach it.

Naziara leans up against the wall, standing just next to the door. "Thanks for the information Nami." She replies cheerfully before looking over at Ylia.

Ylia returns Naziara's gaze, drawing her firearm from its sling. "Naziara, ready to head on in?" She asks. Her companion nods in response to which Ylia immediately tells Nami, "It's on."

Nami opens up the laptop, and slides down the wall, sitting on the floor. Her eyes shift to view her computer as she types furiously into it. "Here we are, systems breached. Do your best!" Nami notifies her allies, cheering them on from her hiding spot. Mere instants later, the keypad on the door breaks in a burst of electricity and the door swings slowly open.

"I'll back you up Naziara, let's go steal this data." Ylia says, reassuring her ally.

"On it." Naziara replies, quickly turning to enter the building's long and dark corridors. She runs off into the building, her loose jacket and short, pink, ponytail bounce and sway behind her as she moves. Ylia follows closely behind, one hand on her weapon, the other ready to activate her abilities if needed. Through the tight hallways the two of them infiltrate the building, navigating the maze flawlessly, all to enter the central tower within only a few minutes. The two of them stop in an intersection of the hallway, hiding behind the walls to analyze their next course of action.

The central staircase of the Star Arc lies on the other end of the main hall, an area covered with DFC workers and guards. From the hanging screens info of sightings of a strange creature flash up on a heat map, this creature is called V2m1 by those inside the Star Arc.

"Nami, is there something you can do to help us out with this?" Ylia asks quietly.

"Is there something I can do? Give me a moment to see what predicament you got yourselves in." She replies, switching her Viewline to the Star Arc main lobby. Over the call a few quiet hums can be heard as Nami looks for a strong opening. She sits, scanning the area through her spectral eyes for a few moments before responding, "I may not have a sightline to help you out, but there is something I can do for you. I'll give you twelve seconds to prepare."

"Perfect." Ylia whispers, readying her weapon. She looks over to Naziara who is cracking her knuckles. "I'm sure there's not much you can do in this situation, but I've got this for you."

With her back leaned against the wall, her foot tapping she bows her head, quietly saying "thank you Ylia". The two of them sit like this for a few seconds, but the moment is soon interrupted as the lights shut off, and the computers of the lobby burst into flames. "Actually, with this level of a distraction, we may not need to fight our way through," Ylia whispers before quietly running into the blazing room with Naziara behind her, the two of them swiftly moving to the staircase as the embers lock in the attention of all the others.

"I'll just let you two know a few things," Nami begins as she switches her Viewline to the above floors. "Firstly, you're welcome for back there." She says snarkily. The circular upper floors twist, the protective window shells stacked atop each other as the tower spires to the heavens. "And secondly, I'll tell you both that once you exit out of the staircase, you may have quite the challenge getting to the forty-seventh floor data vault." Nami adds, scanning the area, seeing all the guards littered across the upper floors. "I'll get into position now, preparing to assist you from over here once you get up there."

"Thank you for helping us get this far Nami. I hope you don't get too bored waiting for us to climb forty flights of stairs though." Naziara replies.

As the duo climbs the near-infinite seeming staircase Ylia's legs begin twitching and she moves up the staircase slower. Her breathing gets slightly heavier, and she begins blushing a little. "Hey, um... Naziara..." She begins to say, stopping on one of the stairs, looking up towards Naziara. Naziara turns around and looks down towards Ylia who is bouncing slightly on the stairs. "We've been climbing up for quite a while, but um... I think there's something I might need to take care of before we reach the zenith." She adds. "I really need to pee." She says quietly, blushing even more. Ylia looks to the left, averting her gaze from Naziara. "So, would you mind...?" She asks.

Naziara's eyes widen slightly, "Of course not! Go ahead right there, I can keep a watch while you do that!" She blurts out in surprise. As Naziara answers this her face gets hot and her crotch tingles a little. She raises a finger up to her face and begins twirling a long strand of hair.

"Ah, thank you." Ylia replies, turning around to face down the stairs as she pulls down her soft trousers and white panties. The loud clatter of the slung firearm clashing with the concrete stairs rings out as Ylia squats down. Her trousers and panties drop to her ankles as she spreads her legs open. "Ah, it's coming out," she quietly exclaims as her pale yellow stream fires out. The urine splashes at the bottom of the stairs, darkening the floor.

The droplets spray across the stairs as the main stream pools into a puddle. Naziara watches the stream's continuous fire for nearly a solid half-minute before fading. She holds her heart, watching the golden spray, her face grows red, and her nether region bubbles with anticipation, excitement, and urine. Her eyes lock onto Ylia's crotch, losing her in thought. But, the stream dies down, dripping down the remaining stairs. "Hah." Ylia says as she opens her eyes and turns her head to see Naziara gazing down towards her. "Ah! That's too embarrassing!" She exclaims embarrassed.

Upon hearing the exclaim Naziara snaps out of her trance, and fumbles with her words. "Um! Ylia, you see, I- I wasn't watching you pee!" She says, the red hot lie on her face, her heart pounding. "Aah! We should get on with the mission! Ahem! Yes. Let's do that. Shall we?" She asks, regaining her composure, but her bladder and crotch both unable to settle down after witnessing her ally and crush peeing.

Unknown to the group though, a new foe lies in wait above. "Time to defend my secret mission it seems." She says to herself, watching the chaos below her.

*012*2023-09-09 09:02

「2 years after the Cataclysm」

「Story 1: Part 3」

「Consecutive Months of Updates: 0」

"I'll watch to see what those three do before making any moves. If they can't get through the upper guards, there's no reason for me to waste my time on them." The small woman says to herself as she stands atop one of the tall spires of the Star Arc. Her metallic armour's glimmer fades as the moonlight is hidden behind dark storm clouds. In the depths of the sky's warm up for the imminent deluge only this mysterious warrior's glowing edges can be seen through the obscuring darkness. She clutches her rifle, standing as tall as she can, looking up to the sky. "What a horrendous place to get sent to for a sleeper mission, they'd better treat me as their queen when I return from this hellhole." She says to herself.

Far beneath the feet of the shadow-cloaked knight the ground team of the infiltration finally reach the fortieth floor entrance.

"Nami, we're really in this time. Ready on your signal." Naziara says as she conjures a blindfold in her hand and a long odachi sheathed to her waist.

Ylia looks over at Naziara before quickly shaking her head. She looks down towards her own weapon, her finger just outside of the trigger guard. "Alrighty, I think I've had plenty of time to set up." Nami replies over the call as she lies down on the rooftop, her weapon aimed at the windows. "The doors are unlocked for you, so let's go wild. Shall we?" And as she says this, the red light on the door turns green.

Naziara's hand runs up the sheath of her blade, her fingertips following the contours of the golden waves laid into the metal. "Ari vai lunara lari, ai inayina, va avali riayvi liza xi. [1]" Naziara whispers to herself, saying it almost like a prayer or incantation. Her hand stops at the long handle, as she opens her eyes, looking down at the exquisite, ocean-themed design.

- ([1]: Literal translation: "Definitely, the blade flower (Possessive), I will become, and them all cut down.")

"Ready now?" Ylia asks, looking over to her companion for a response. Naziara trembles, both with excitement and desperation, the only response given is a slow nod as she fixes the blindfold to her head. "Then let's move out, my flowerblade." Ylia replies, swinging the door open, immediately lifting her weapon and aiming it at the nearest foes she sees. The two of them swiftly step out into the first upper floor, Naziara's bare feet sliding across the artificial, white stone. "On the ground!" Ylia demands. "Do as I say or you'll suffer pain more excruciating than death."

The dark skies begin to release a drizzle of rain, the drops coming from the sky splashing against the floor. Small puddles of rain pool around Nami as she lies in wait, aiming to back up her foes from afar. The water drips down her helmet, glossing the conjured metal, the central glowing eye's light reflecting out in a unique pattern. Her sights stay set, watching, protecting her allies, not even her growing needs below could distract her from her purpose. Tapping against the glass, the light rain washes over the windows, dripping down like the sands of an hourglass as the tensions rise inside the building.

Naziara slowly moves forwards, walking deliberately towards the gathering onslaught of foes. She grips the handle, releasing it from the locking mechanism of the sheath with a loud click. She stops about a foot and a half away from the front of the formation, ready to draw the sword. Her foes aim their weapons at her, but she remains perfectly poised. The stalemate lasts for a few more seconds, but this tension is broken as a barrage of bullets streams out from behind towards Naziara. At the instant of the first shot, her long odachi is drawn from its sheath as she turns remarkably quickly to face the projectiles. With three quick slashes she shields herself from the attack, her sword leaving lingering traces of its path that deflect the bullets. The ringing clatter of dozens of deflected shots echo across the hall as Naziara, in a single fluid motion, sheaths her sword. With the click of the lock the phantom slashes burst with energy before fading away.

Still watching her allies, completely captivated on her mission, Nami completely ignores everything but her role in the team. Her soaked hair, the rain splashes, her wet ears, none of that could get her to take her eyes off what interested her more, her allies. Lying down, outstretched on the rooftop she subconsciously begins to release. Her pee streams steadily into her diaper, the pressure creating a hissing sound barely audible against the patter of rain. As her bladder presses against the concrete, and as her mind focuses on the objective, her stream releases with great pressure. The design of the diaper continues to hold effective as Nami's stream dies down after remaining steady for close to a minute, near completely undetectable, the only indication of her accident at all is the marginal increase in her fairly flat ass' size.

"Obey our commands and you get to survive." Ylia threatens. "Drop your weapons and walk down those stairs there. Attack us again, and you will not live our counterattack." Immediately after this threat, all of the guards drop their weapons and leave, terrified of how powerless they are in comparison.

"I guess I really will have to go down there and end this myself. What a pain in the ass. I could have been spending my night in thousands of better ways than this." The mysterious figure atop the spire says, looking up farther to the sky, observing the darkening of the clouds. "The Major Deity must be mad at us again. It's always rain here, always has been, for as long as I can remember." She says with a sigh before dropping down the back side of the Star Arc, avoiding the gaze of the sniper half a mile away.

Naziara and Ylia walk around the floor, moving swiftly towards the staircase. Still entirely unaware of the accident, a soaked Nami speaks to her allies, "this is perfect progression, but I will let you know that I have spotted someone above you who seems very different from your previous foes." She then adds, teasing, "this might just be the interesting foe you were looking for, Naziara."

*014*2023-09-09 15:38

{{2 hours ago, Blueyedhaw said:

Hey, I'm not sure if you're taking more requests, but I have one that might be fun to write. What about a group of moms and daughters on a roadtrip all together. But here's the twist, all of them have a fetish for having accidents but no one knows because they all are to embarrassed to tell their family. So they all try to hold it. Pretending they arent about to piss and shit themselves. Omorashi and messing.

}}

I would prefer to take requests after each story ends, just so I can see how many people are interested in the same kind of idea. However, I will totally write whatever you guys want me to. (* Presuming I can still use my own fantasy/sci-fi world that I created, which I am so fond of.)

I may also combine the ideas of multiple requests, if I get a good enough idea when I see it.

I do hope you continue reading though. I plan to wrap this one all up pretty soon, allowing for new ideas to be written down and considered.

*016*2023-09-09 15:56

{{6 minutes ago, Red31299 said:

Great to hear that.

I've come up with multiple prompts but definitely wouldn't mind shooting off with Eyedhaw here later once this one is finished.

}}

Great!

*017*2023-09-09 16:11

But yea. Do feel free to comment and stuff if you like, just know that I won't be looking for suggestions to take until after I finish.

*019*2023-09-09 16:34

{{1 minute ago, Red31299 said:

Big respect for actually writing in the desperation and diaper aspects, course' the sniper would be wearing padding... heh.

}}

Well, I am going to write what you tell me to. And of course, it just makes too much sense.

*020*2023-09-09 21:01

Just ya all wait though. In one hour, once I get back home I'll finish this story for you all.

*022*2023-09-09 22:42

{{1 hour ago, Red31299 said:

Nice. I can't wait to see the end Naziara's bladder finally popping.

}}

Glad you're excited.

*023*2023-09-11 06:31

「2 years after the Cataclysm」

「Story 1: Part 4」

「Consecutive Months of Updates: 0」

Naziara pulls her blindfold off her eyes, her stance immediately changing as the black cloth grips to her pink hair. The composure she had while blinded is lost, and she begins to vibrate. Her wetsuit covered knee falls to the white ground as she uses her odachi to balance herself upright. Pressed against her crotch, her right hand works in assisting the hold. The supernatural suppression of her bodily needs has resulted in her bladder's pressure growing exponentially. "This isn't great timing for an encounter with a strong foe, but I can't wait to meet them." Naziara responds in shaky, heavy breaths. "Don't worry about me though. I'll manage to make it through this! Desperation isn't even a concern when I put the blindfold on."

Slowly walking down the stairs the unknown opponent flicks open her phone, texting as she silently walks. From her back four large wings of black metal open up, fluttering slightly. "I'll talk to you more once I finish up here. See you later Nazamiki." She types, sending the message out to her friend. Her fingers, encased in metal run across the walls, her short, white hair bobbing as she walks down the final stairs. The door to her foes towers over her, to which she presses her hand against it. With a gentle push the door swings open, and she walks out to face her opponents.

Ylia's eyes widen, and Naziara's mouth opens in surprise. The foe described by their ally looks towards them with an uncaring expression, her eyes devoid of life and compassion. The large wings stick out like sharp swords on her back, and her armour appears impenetrable from most weaponry. But the most obvious feature of her to Ylia and Naziara is their foe's size. Standing only at four feet tall, her rifle alone is roughly half her size.

Naziara's heart leaps with joy upon seeing who they're against. "Ah! It's an excerial! Cute!" She exclaims immediately, "I've never seen one in person before!" Her mind completely fixates on the little assassin ahead of them, completely forgetting about her needs. Her wetsuit becomes slightly damp near her crotch as it absorbs her leak, hiding it completely.

"I've been tasked to end your life." She says coldly, drawing her weapon and aiming it down towards Naziara's head. "I am the DFC's Corporation-3's Fourth King: Falcon, your souls will be mine." The black armour forms a helmet and visor around her face as she aims.

Ylia clutches the handle of her firearm tighter, and Naziara stops her pee and grabs onto her blindfold. "This should be fun. I can't wait to see what a member of the most magically adept species is going to do. Oh, and you're much less cute with the mask on, I'd say for you to leave it off." Naziara says mockingly as she covers her eyes again, completely suppressing her need to pee, along with many others. She stands up, her skin sliding across the floor as she enters a fighting stance.

Through the scope Nami aims her weapon towards the neck of their foe. "Normally I'd love to watch a fight like this, Naziara's Soul-Slashing Silent Samurai State is just too gorgeous, but we've a mission to complete." Nami says to herself, wrapping her finger around the trigger before pressing down on it. A short flash of heat bursts out of the barrel, the hot gas erupts out of the muzzle break as the bullet flies up the tower.

The long sword Naziara wields is drawn out in a quick motion, the blade spinning as she twirls it across the back of her hand before holding it pointed at her foe. Sensing danger, the foe calling herself Falcon quickly hops backwards before firing a shot out at Ylia. At a near unreactable speed the bullet flies out, cutting through the air.

A loud shattering sound bursts out as Naziara sheaths the sword. Ylia looks at Naziara who now stands between her and Falcon, looking down to see the split projectile fall to the floor. Falcon glances to her right, looking at the puncture in the glass before returning her eyes to the foes ahead of her. Nami immediately pulls back on the long bolt slide, ejecting the casing to the floor. Ylia lifts her weapon, aiming down it as she strafes to the right, firing out a quick barrage of shots against her opponent. But, at the first instant of enemy fire, Falcon dives into the stairwell, taking cover from the assault. Ylia quickly throws the empty mag out, snapping in a new one as she reloads.

The room goes silent for only a few moments before Falcon makes another move, dashing towards Ylia, thrusting forwards with the barrel of her gun. Falcon is countered mid-attack as Naziara slashes upwards with her sword, knocking the long rifle to the floor. She tries to grab it, but is stopped thanks to another slice from Naziara.

"Tch. I really wanted to kill you only with the rifle, but I may need to actually use my Spirit Energy." Falcon says as her weapon slides behind Naziara. She moves her hand outwards, facing her palm to the ceiling, when suddenly another shot from Nami pierces through the glass. The bullet strikes the side of Falcon's helmet, her head tilting to the left from the impact. She slides across the floor, remaining standing, her hand clutching the struck point. After a second she regains her composure, returning her head to its normal angle, and standing back upright. "I think it's time I stopped playing around," she mutters, pulling out her phone and tapping on it. Her message is sent out as she hides her phone again, pulling out a small pistol in its place. She runs forwards, leaping up as she enters the strike range of Naziara.

Immediately the blade swings out, attempting to cut through the opponent, but she kicks out to her side, blocking from the strike. With the thin blade locked in the arch of her metal heel Falcon swings her right foot up, unleashing a strong kick to Naziara's chin. The attack connects, knocking Naziara back slightly. With the impassible obstacle stunned, Falcon, as she falls, aims her pistol out, firing at Ylia. The bullet skims past, slicing Ylia's arm slightly before puncturing the wall. As her target's blood splatters onto the white floor the tiny assassin dashes in, sweeping with a kick to the back of Ylia's leg.

Her head hits the floor, bouncing off it as Ylia falls backwards only to have her chest pushed down by the foot of their foe. Ylia's eyes open to the black, iron barrel of Falcon's pistol. Her finger presses down on the trigger, releasing a quick flash of light directly towards Ylia's skull. Instinctively Ylia closes her eyes, preparing for the finishing blow to strike her. But the strike never connects. She opens her eyes, looking up at a Falcon glaring down towards the building where Nami lies. Two bullets lie pierced into the wall centimetres above her head. Naziara slowly stands back up as Nami pulls back to eject the casing. Outside the rain grows ever heavier, blotting out the sky with dark lines.

Noticing that her advantage is swiftly leaving her, Falcon dashes towards Naziara, diving to retrieve her weapon. She slides across the floor, weapon in hand, eyes pointed down the scope as she fires towards Nami. Noticing the attack, the hacker quickly rolls to her left, dodging the shot that pierces into the ground where she was less than a second ago. Nami adjusts her aim, looking up to watch Naziara dash forwards, slashing down at Falcon. From the floor she attempts to block, raising her leg to deflect the attack, however the blade passes through, the phantom slash emerging as a clear, white curve in the air. Falcon grabs her leg in pain, rolling backwards and away, attempting to escape to a neutral position. As she stands back up another slash from the sword flies out, to which she's able to lean beneath it before rolling backwards, escaping the threat bubble of the blade.

"That hurt quite a bit, so I think it's time I repay the favor!" Ylia yells out, her fingertip glowing with the same energy as it did outside the Star Arc. She swings her hand down, pointing it towards Falcon as she snaps her fingers. A thin beam of red energy flies out towards her, launching her into the window as it connects. The black helmet of hers hits the window, shattering it. Falcon lies on the ground, weapons disarmed on front of a gaping hole leading to the flooded streets below.

Naziara twirls her sword, sheathing it again. Falcon immediately sits up, grabbing her leg as it suddenly bleeds in a heavy gash where she was struck by the sword. The two of them walk over to her, but before they can get close Falcon pushes back with her foot, diving out to the city sea below, tumbling gracefully as she does. Ylia rushes over, looking over the edge to watch Falcon's wings deploy centimetres from the ground. She drops down and hides away inside a building below.

With the threats dispatched Nami drops from the highest point of the roof and enters the stairwell, shaking her furry, white, wet ears dry. Her soaked clothes are thrown off, hanging on the railing. She moves to the corner of the stairwell, flicking through her cameras, watching for other dangers, but suddenly something grabs her attention. Immediately she sits down, her ears perked up, and her phantom eyes locked onto Naziara.

Naziara's sword fades as she throws off her blindfold, and as soon as it leaves her hand she crumples, her legs cross as she kneels, both hands on her crotch. Her eyes close tightly ash short bursts of urine pass through her wetsuit, splashing onto her hands. "Ah, ah." She says through heavy breaths. She spasms uncontrollably as all of her muscles short-circuit trying to hold back.

Ylia turns around to see Naziara in such a vulnerable state. Her heart skips multiple beats and her face instantly turns red at the sight. Her mind goes blank as she watches Naziara's pee stream out of her, dripping onto the floor, and spreading down to her bare feet.

The Viewline zooms in and moves to show as much of Naziara's face while focusing on her crotch. As she controls the ghostly camera Nami rolls up her bra, displaying her small breasts fully. Her right hand slips into her puffy, xanthic diaper, and she begins to touch her crotch while she watches.

"This has all just been too exciting, I can't hold it all back anymore!" Naziara moans, pulling down her wetsuit, releasing the built up waves of urine all at once. Her stream sprays out wildly and with conviction. The yellow liquid splashes against the floor, pooling near Ylia's feet. "Sorry if you get splashed, but my heart's pounding too much, I can't limit myself anymore." Ylia continues to watch, completely stunned and mesmerized by the sheer amount of pee being released. "Ylia, Nami, I hope you're watching." Naziara starts, "It's been over a year now since we started on our journey together."

She continues with heavy breaths. Nami's finger movements speed up, and her hips begin to involuntarily thrust. Her moans suppressed by the helmet, the sounds from her crotch silenced by the diaper, the staircase she hides in to watch remains quiet. The yellow liquid contrasts Naziara's face of ecstasy as she finishes her confession.

"You know, I do really love you both. When I'm with you two it all just feels so different. Even something as embarassin' as this is exciting knowing that you're probably watching. I know it sounds weird, especially when I'm saying it as I pee, but, Nami, Ylia, can we be together forever?" Naziara finishes her sentence through the moans, pushing out the last drops from her torrential stream to the floor. Nami raises her crotch as her diaper bulge from her fingers sharply thrusts downwards. Her body lets out a small burst of urine that covers her middle two fingers, only to be absorbed by the diaper.

Naziara, through her closed eyes feels something grip onto her softly from around her shoulders, this object grabs onto her left breast and squeezes tenderly. "I've always wanted to do that." Ylia whispers into Naziara's ear. She opens her eyes, hearing "I love you too, so how about we finish up here and then find a room for all three of us?". Naziara nods, slightly shocked from the sudden grasp on her breast, and very surprised by the massive amount of pee on the floor.

The two stand up, only to hear through the call Nami shouting. "Hey! No fair! I wanna do that when you two get back down here!"

「End of Release Marker」

Sorry the final part took so long to release, but it's here. I hope you all enjoyed. And now that the first one is over, I'd totally love for you all to give what you want to see in the comments below. I'll try to make a story that uses my characters and world that fits what you want as much as possible. So thank you all. Now I've got some business to take care of before I go to sleep. You know what I mean. ❤️

Goodnight all! ❤️

