Requests - Page 2

Author: Emizzle94

*025*2015-07-18 19:38

Never seen them sorry

*028*2015-07-23 07:05

{{:

I want a story where a woman wakes up in an unfamiliar house. There's no running water and the appliances don't work, which is unfortunate because she has to pee. At some point the wall opens up and she realizes she's been shrunk down to the size of a doll and is now the living toy of a little girl.The girl plays with her, and tells her to use the dollhouse toilet when she learns about her need, but won't give her any privacy. The woman refuses to go to the bathroom under these conditions. The girl says "Fine, be a drink 'n' wet doll." When the woman finally loses control, the girl cleans her with a giant wet-wipe and puts a diaper on her.The story ends when the girl's mom sees her mishandling her new "toy." She returns the woman to her regular size and home. The doll clothes and accessories don't grow with her, so the woman is bottomless if not completely naked once she's done expanding.I hope this isn't too long or complicated for a request.

}}

First off, I want never gets. Second, I don't do stuff with diapers in.

*031*2015-08-31 21:33

{{:

Hello um, I know I'm new to this site, but I was wondering if anyone could maybe do a How I Met Your Mother story with Robin (I wouldn't mind if Lily was a part of it as well)? If no one can I understand, I just wanted to maybe see if I can ask.

}}

First of all, welcome to Omo.org. Second of all, I have no idea what How I Met Your Mother is, so I'm afraid I can't do a fic for it

