Revenge: A Three-Part Omorashi Thriller

Author: Strawbearie

*000*2012-11-04 00:52

[Leah]

Parties on boats. Parties on rooftops. Drunken stumbling through empty streets at three in the morning following said parties. After all of that, eighteen year old Leah LaVes thought she'd seen it all. Of course, being the young, naive idiot she was, Leah was wrong.

Leah and her friends Tori, Elle, and Candace were sitting in a circle in Leah's backyard, surrounding a modest pile of animal-print panties. The root of this very odd, mildly disturbing, and infinitely curious scene was simple. Revenge.

You see, exactly three nights ago, due to a series of events that totally weren't Leah's fault, Leah got punished harshly by her literally insane parents. It was all her fault; that conniving, evil, too-nerdy-to-be-my-little-sister sister. If that dorky brat Caitlin hadn't been up all night studying, Leah would have never been caught sneaking into the house at 4 AM.

Since then, Leah had been confined to her room, with only cold thoughts of vengeance to keep her company. Leah's idea was simple -- she wanted to make her sister pee her pants. Why? The snotty brat had never done it before, that's why! Potty trained at eleven months, and not a single accident since. On the other hand, Leah, whose bladder was decidedly weaker, was always having accidents. Caitlin would always act so unbelievably smug when Leah so much as dampened a thong, that bitch!

Leah was only an idea girl, though. She needed other, lesser people to do the real thinking for her. Though her parents had confiscated Leah's phone and computer, she always had a backup plan. In this case, it was an old Nokia cell phone, heavier than a brick and just as ugly. Though it sickened Leah to use such primitive technology, she fought through the dry heaves to concoct her plans.

Thumbing through her list of contacts, Leah found Daniel Xu, a nerdy Chinese kid in her anatomy class; she often used him to cheat on homework. This kid was an easy crack; he buckled at the first sign of a wink emoticon. She told him all about her devious idea, hoping his dorky brain would help kickstart it. He soon promised not only to come up with a plan, but to also not tell a soul about it, lest his already shaky social reputation plummet to the deepest depths of highschool hell.

Surprisingly, just a day later, Daniel got a hold of some ancient Chinese herb that was supposed to make a person's bladder fill to max capacity within seconds. How fortunate, Leah thought, that such an herb existed! It was pretty creepy that the Chinese kid acquired it so quickly, though. Creeper. Regardless, Leah was now in possession of the peetonium (an immensely clever name Leah came up with all by herself), and she could set her plan into motion.

A couple of days after acquiring the peetonium, Leah invited her three best friends over for a "study group" while her sister and her parents were out. That brings us to our current scene: Blonde, pretty Leah, raven-haired Tori, and the red-headed twins Elle and Candace, sitting around a pile of Caitlin's childish panties in the middle of Leah's fenced backyard.

The one (and only) thing Leah knew about science was that you needed lab rats to test on. She needed to know if the peetonium really worked, and who better to test it on than her idiot friends?

"What the hell are we doing here, anyway?" Elle complained, "my jeans are getting grass stains!"

"Oh, don't whine," Leah scolded, "we're here to start a new trend in women's underwear!" She held up a pair of Caitlin's panties, with bananas printed on them. "Kiddish print panties are going to be all the rage this fall," Leah lied, "and we're going to get a headstart on it! So, ladies, off with your panties!" All three girls gave Leah the exact same look. Confused and disgusted, yet curious.

Candace was the first to relent. She unfastened her tight jeans and slowly worked them down her hips, revealing a lacy, white pair of panties beneath. Leah smiled and tossed her Caitlin's banana panties, and Candace reluctantly slid off her lace panties and put on the new ones.

"So...?" Candace said apprehensively, spinning slowly to show off her new underwear.

"It looks pretty ridic--" Tori began, before being elbowed in the ribs by Leah.

"They look amazing!" Leah interrupted, doing her best to actually sound impressed.

"R-really?" The red-headed Candace asked, looking down at her tightly-hugged butt.

"Of course!" Leah assured. "Come on, Elle, if she looks good in them, you will too! You're twins!" Elle made a face, but soon took off her own jeans and panties, replacing them with a rainbow print pair of Caitlin's. Tori followed soon after, sliding her pink thong off under her skirt and pulling up anteater print panties.

"Yes... yes!!" Leah exclaimed, faking enthusiasm. "This really will be a hit!"

"Yeah, I guess it's not that bad," Tori admitted, "it's a lot comfier, too," she added, shaking her hips under her black skirt.

"I know! Let's celebrate with a drink!" Leah announced. "In fact, I mixed some margaritas just for us!" Her three friends cheered wildly in their girly panties as Leah brought the drinks out, none of them knowing Leah had mixed the peetonium into their drinks. This, Leah thought, was the moment of truth! All four of the girls quickly downed their drinks, Leah hastily drinking the only unspiked one. Now it was just a matter of time before--

"Damn, I have to pee so bad!" Tori announced, quickly shoving her hands between her legs. "Crap, crap, what the hell?" she cursed, going to her knees in the grassy backyard. Leah barely managed to contain her grin as she watched her friend squirm. Her deep black hair swayed back and forth as she rocked from knee to knee, her skirt stuffed between her thighs.

"Actually, I really have to go, too." Elle announced, her bare, tanned thighs clenched together. Beside her, Candace silently assumed the exact same pose.

"If y'all need to use the bathroom, the door's unlocked." Leah said casually, bursting with joy on the inside from watching them struggle. Tori attempted to rise from her knees, but she suddenly jerked and fell back down with a sob.

"I-I can't hold it..." Tori cried, "...the pressure is too strong! Crap, crap!!" she yelled, her hands lodged firmly between her thighs. Opposite her, splattering sounds could be heard coming from under Candace.

"N-no, no, no, no...!" she exclaimed, doubled over in agony. Streams of urine snaked down her thighs and dripped from the back of her banana print panties. Beside her, Elle watched her twin sister lose control, driving Elle to the brink of leaking as well. Uncontrollably, a jet of warm pee shot into her rainbow panties, dampening them significantly. Elle reflexively slammed her thighs together and held herself with both hands, before attempting to waddle toward Leah's house.

"Screw it, screw it...!" Tori sobbed, "I can't, I can't, what's happening, oh God...!!" She stood halfway to her feet as a torrent of pee shot like a sprinkler from underneath her skirt. Tori spread her legs as far as she could and attempted to lift her skirt, but her urine had already erratically sprayed all over it, her panties, her legs, and the grass below.

Meanwhile, red-headed Candace was sitting hopelessly on the lawn, still peeing, a look of resigned, tear-streaked embarrassment on her face. The patch of grass around her soaked bottom was darkened with wetness, and a puddle continued to grow just above the dirt's surface.

Elle was having far more luck than the other two, still managing to not fully lose control. She'd hobbled almost all the way the Leah's back door, though she had lost another dozen drops of urine in the process. Her hands were damp from holding herself, but her thighs remained dry. Just a few more steps and...

"Aaah, dammit!!" Elle shouted as she tripped over a concrete stair, landing hard on her knee. The shock knocked a massive surge of pee out of her and into her rainbow print panties, fully soaking her crotch and part of her butt in warm, yellow liquid. This time, the pee didn't stop. Even as Elle attempted to stuggle to her feet, urine dribbled past her thighs and onto Leah's patio. Finally, Elle gave up, collapsing onto all fours on the patio and wetting an incredibly strong stream from her bottom onto the ground behind her. Her butt, calves, shins, and feet all became thoroughly drenched in urine, and a large puddle quickly formed beneath her.

Leah grinned. Each of her friends had just proven the peetonium to be exactly as effective as she needed, and the looks on their tear-stained faces were priceless!

"Ladies, ladies!" Leah said, "just because you're wearing baby panties doesn't mean you get to pee all over yourselves like babies!" No one replied. "Oh, to hell with you guys. Give me back those pee-stained panties and get out of here before my parents come back, or I'll tell everyone in school what you all just did!" No one argued.

Leah's three friends began changing into their original clothes, exchanging not a word nor a glance the entire time. Occasionally, drops managed to fall from their urine-soaked crotches. Soon enough, the soaked, raven-haired girl and the damp, red-headed twins were gone, leaving only Leah, three pairs of urine-soaked blackmail, and the start of an intricate tale of revenge that would only continue to spiral out of control.

*002*2012-11-04 01:10

Revenge is a vicious cycle, and what goes around does tend to come around, but... we'll have to see :3

*007*2012-11-04 10:10

Thanks a ton for the comments, guys!

*008*2012-11-05 00:47

Original post edited with a few fixes. Nothing that changes the plot at all, though, so no need to reread~

*012*2012-11-09 04:23

[Caitlin]

Since she'd woken up early this morning, Caitlin LaVes had been having a particularly bad day. She didn't manage to arise before her alarm clock went off, her bed was terribly hard to make, her underwear drawer was in some ridiculous state of disarray that could be attributed only to a rogue trickster god, and her thick auburn hair was fussier than a hungry newborn.

School was no better, packed to the brim with lessons Caitlin had already learned, uninteresting small talk, and unseasonable warmth. Worse yet, she didn't catch a single glimpse of her crush, the dreamy, perfect, too-good-for-this-school Daniel Xu. Time was running out for her to ask him to the rapidly-approaching school dance, and she was certain Daniel was in high-demand. Who wouldn't want such a brilliant mind's hands on their hips, after all?

Caitlin had resolved to ask him through an email after school, but her literally insane parents dragged her out to buy clothes, delaying her plans. Thankfully, they'd gone without Caitlin's massive slut of a sister, Leah, because she needed to "study" with her equally-slutty friends. It was incredibly frustrating that Caitlin's parents actually believed her idiot sister's story, but Caitlin wasn't surprised. After all, it was Mom and Dad's messed up genes that created that ignoramus in the first place.

Caitlin was almost certainly adopted.

Once the insipid shopping trip ended, Caitlin eagerly returned home, chugged down her daily glass of cold green tea, then rushed into her room to type up Daniel's email, hoping it would help turn her bad day around.

However, before her computer could boot up, Caitlin felt a sudden twinge in her bladder. The green tea did tend to work through her system quickly, but not this quickly. Must be these atrociously tight new jeans, she thought. Wanting to be more comfortable, she pulled off the jeans (with some difficulty), and pulled on some slim grey sweatpants in their place. While changing, she bemoaned her choice of panties... today was supposed to be banana-print day, but Caitlin couldn't find them anywhere. Tragically, she had to settle with her elephant pair, six whole days before they were scheduled to be used.

Despite the wardrobe change, the pressure on Caitlin's bladder remained. Since her computer was still booting up, she figured a bathroom trip wouldn't hurt, even if it was much earlier than her usual allotted restroom time.

While approaching the bathroom, Caitlin saw that its door was shut and locked, a soft light emerging from underneath it. Of course. She sighed and shifted from leg to leg, hoping the bathroom's occupant would emerge soon. To distract herself from the pain in her bladder, Caitlin tried to go over algebra problems in her head. It was futile, however; she kept using the letter P as a variable.

Eventually, she could afford no more subtlety. Blushing, she knocked on the door with one hand while holding herself with the other.

"I'm in the shower!!" a high-pitched, screechy, raptor-like voice called from inside. Oh God... it was her.

"Leah, I need to urinate. Hurry up!" Caitlin pleaded. This was DEFCON 1, the worst case scenario. She did not want to deal with that whore right now.

"Yeah, no. Hold it, you little brat. Or, you know, just pee your pants!" Leah laughed.

Caitlin didn't even want to consider that possibility. Never... never had she wet herself. Not even on that class trip where the bus broke down and every other girl did. Not even when the power went out during that sleepover her parents forced her to go to. Caitlin's bladder control was one of her many sources of pride, one of the reasons she was respected despite being a little sister!

And yet... she was worried. The house only had one restroom, and Leah was known to take freakishly long showers; she probably needed a lot of time to get out the hooker smell. Caitlin bounced on her heel. Tachycardia. Inability to focus. Tachypnea. She began to sweat, and felt her heart sink into her stomach. This isn't normal, this isn't right, she thought; this isn't my schedule! She hadn't expected to feel an urge for another hour, and no restroom trips for an hour and a half!

She knocked more loudly, more rapidly. Leah only hummed, ignoring Caitlin's panicked knocking. One foot, then the other. One foot, then the other. Her thighs rubbed against each other, relieving the urge, but only slightly.

"Don't panic, Cait," Caitlin thought aloud, "just think. You're a thinker. We need alternatives." The kitchen sink, maybe? But her parents were in there, it wouldn't work. Outside? Someone might see, someone would surely see, she'd die if anyone saw! Bottles, empty bottles! That'd work!

Caitlin dashed back to her room as quickly as her bulging bladder would let her. Nearing hysteria, she began totally tearing apart her room, something she'd never, ever normally do. Book, book, pillow, pencil case, lamp, book, pillow, medal, trophy, jacket... there were no bottles! Caitlin's eyes darted about her now-unkempt room, looking for alternatives. Even a vase, a vase! No, no, she didn't have any vases, she was allergic to flowers! Her mind began to scream. Pee, pee, it shouted! Let it go, let it out!

"No, no, no!!" Caitlin growled, doubled over in pain. There wasn't much time, she was going to lose it! Sweat fell in beads down her arms and forehead, dampened her armpits and her inner thighs. At least, she hoped that dampness on her thighs was sweat...

The pain exponentially increased with every minute that passed. No longer could Caitlin think of anything other than her dire, urgent need to pee... and yet, she persevered. All her life, she hadn't lost it... she wasn't going to start now! She bit her lower lip and stepped back out into the hallway, hoping the bathroom would be free by now. With her knees together and her hands in her groin, Caitlin's pace was barely more than a toddler's hobble. Tears filled her eyes as she approached the restroom, the sounds of the shower torturing her like a valuable P.O.W.

Caitlin couldn't knock. She was scared stiff of even slightly shifting her position, lest the bladder burst and the stream shoot forth. Improvising, she knocked on the door with her forehead, four times before she felt sore.

"L-Leah..." she cried, barely keeping down her sobs, "please... I need to pee now!"

That's when the bathroom door opened. Steam and light poured out. A miracle! Salvati--

"Then pee yourself, bitch."

Leah's fist moved faster than Caitlin could react. A heavy, lightning-fast finishing blow. Caitlin loudly gasped, a shockwave plowing through every inch of her body.

It didn't start slowly. Immediately, a full-force stream of hot urine pushed its way into Caitlin's panties, then into her sweats. Her vision blurred with tears as she dropped to her knees, still feebly trying to hold the flow back with her tiny hands. Unabated, the stream split and hissed loudly between her fingers, spraying the tiled bathroom floor beneath her. Her grey sweatpants darkened to black as the hot liquid surged down her legs, pooling at her knees. Caitlin couldn't help but moan and shake with relief. Her eyes leaked liquid shame and her cheeks turned the color of embarrassment. And though she couldn't see, she knew. She knew, she knew, despite her flooded eyes, that Leah was there, towering above her as she always had, gloating. All that hard work, studying, early mornings and late nights, wasted. Leah had the upper hand once again. She was the elder, admirable sister, just like before -- Caitlin was the pissy, crying baby.

Overwhelmed and still peeing, Caitlin began to drift out of consciousness. Thump. Something hard. A laugh. Something stunk.

"Mom, dad, Caitlin's having an accid--" the demon's shrill voice was the last thing Caitlin remembered hearing.

###

Naked.

Cold.

Caitlin found herself staring at her own ceiling. The stench was gone. Her clothes were gone. She heard someone else in her room.

"M-mom...?" Caitlin weakly whispered.

"Caitlin." Her mother sounded as cold as the room.

"I-it was Leah, she..." Caitlin began.

"Enough. Leah already told me everything. She showed me what you were hiding."

...hiding? Caitlin wasn't hiding anything...

"I-I don't know what you're talking about!" Caitlin protested.

"Don't play dumb with me. Leah showed me. Three pairs of panties, covered and smelly with urine. She said you tried to hide them in her room."

"I-I did not! That's absurd!" Caitlin shouted, her face red with anger and bewilderment.

"Then why did I find you passed out in a puddle of pee just now?" Her mom questioned, crossing her arms and glaring.

"I-it was just this once, I don't know what--"

"That'll be enough, young lady. I knew you potty trained too early. Your sister took five years. Seems I'm not yet finished with you." Caitlin's mom opened a box. A soft, platic crinkling sound emerged. No. no. Caitlin knew what this was. Please, not this.

"Please, mom, I swear it was a one time thing!" Caitlin pleaded.

"You know the protocol," her mom said, opening a large plastic package, "I've done this for your sister, too." Caitlin heard the sound of tape ripping. "Now, lift your butt."

No, no, please, anything but that! Caitlin's eyes widened with terror as her mother approached her, a brightly decorated diaper in her hands. Not this, not this, not after all I've built up, please no, no, no...! ...too late. The soft, loving feeling of cotton. Warmth. Crinkle. Crinkle.

Before she knew it, Caitlin was once again the baby. Fifteen years, gone. No one would take her seriously. Wrapped around her waist was the most humiliating punishment her parents had ever inflicted on Leah... and it was now Caitlin's punishment. Fifteen whole years, undone.

"I won't tell your sister about this, but you'll wear those until the school dance, or you're grounded from every debate for the rest of the year." Caitlin's mother said sternly, then exited the room. Insane!

Caitlin laid stiffly, still shocked over what just happened. This was a setup, a trick, an evil plan... but who, how, why? Leah? Mom? Both? Who!? Tears once again began to stream down her cheeks. She rolled over to hug her teddy bear, but even that slight movement caused her diaper to loudly rustle. She felt sick. She had to sleep. She'd figure it out tomorrow.

Before Caitlin could close her eyes, however, her computer beeped. An email. She turned to face the screen, then went pale.

From: [email protected]

Subject: We need to talk.

*013*2012-11-10 01:59

I don't want to be "that guy", but some comments would be appreciated greatly!

*017*2012-11-10 06:20

Yep, punched.

Hmm, weird that I forgot to specify... sorry!

*022*2012-11-30 00:57

Depends on if I ever stop being a restricted member.

*024*2012-12-11 23:51

I'll finish this out by the end of the week-ish.

