Sisterhood of Blood - Page 2

Author: frostyjr2

*026*2013-06-09 05:57

{{: 

I was a bit confused (but it does not take much) to learn that this story started in 1956, and 57 years had passed, although earlier reference to records and tube amplifiers could have been a tip off. I can relate to them I was born in 1952.

Honestly not a lot happened here, but you did a great job setting up anticipation for part 4. Many good writers do that. What are you going to do to the boy? Also what are you going to do with your pee; does it involve him? A nice piece of wring though. I hope we don’t have to wait long for part 4.

}}

You are totally right about how not much actually happens in terms of action in this chapter, and that is a set-up for the next one... but if you read carefully you will see some of the ways that Erica has changed in the intervening time between this and the previous chapter; quite a lot has happened to her as far as internal psychology.

She is no longer the innocent sweet young thing we first met in Pt.1, that's for sure.

In the interest of lessening any confusion...

Pt.1 and Pt. 2 were actually set in 1962, when Erica was in her junior year of college, she was 21 years old then.

The reference to 1956 in this chapter was about her time at her all-girls parochial high school, where she had nuns for teachers.

Since the story may jump back and forth in time, i will be putting the year(s) the events in the chapter are taking place up at the beginning of each chapter.

Thanks for taking the time to read, and to comment, my friend !

*029*2013-06-09 23:05

Thanks to all who have taken the time to read this, and especially to those who took the time to comment.

I know the omo content wasn't too large this time, so i appreciate everyone here indulging me...

Please bear with me as we continue on this journey together !

I hope i will be able to reward your patience in the next chapter...

*032*2013-06-13 13:53

Thanks so much for all of the views, and for the comments.

I'm working on the next chapter of this story, and will hopefully be able to post it up here by the weekend.

I can definitely promise more music, more lust and more omo this time around, my friends, so stay tuned !

*033*2013-06-14 23:56

Chapter 4: Eternally Yours (RIVER)

Cielo, 18 Little West 12th Street, NYC… present day

(sound track: Essence by Direct)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wNE-8TfJlT4?feature=oembed"

I had come to this club we frequented in order to lose myself in the madness of a rave. The loud music, the flashing lights, the sweating bodies dancing to the pounding rhythmic beat of the music. Sensory overload… sometimes I needed that to keep my mind busy enough to keep my depression at bay.

Of course, it was always a good place to pick up a boy, too; they were usually quite happy to leave with me whenever I asked, and I do so like takeout.

I was trying to key in on a suitable victim, preferably some macho lady killer type, when I suddenly became aware of something unusual.

In the middle of all these sinners, I felt a different presence.

Amidst the heat and noise and clutter of hundreds of pulses, hundreds of heartbeats, I could distinctly feel that there was one heart that beat differently; a heart that beat true, beating with a perfectly unspoiled purity.

I hadn’t felt this from anyone in so many years.

This was a heart childlike in its innocence, yet fully formed.

It was a contradiction, an oxymoron, it was a total impossibility… and yet there it was.

I could feel it beating, so it was definitely real.

I certainly wasn’t dreaming; you have to sleep in order to dream like that, and I hadn’t slept for a very long time.

How I envied the girl who possessed this pure heart.

Once, I had been the same as her; before the hit and run car accident that had left me battered and bruised, and so near death that it had taken a vampire’s kiss to save me. Now I wanted so desperately to hear my heartbeat again, to hear it beating in synchronized time with hers.

But of course, that would never happen.

My own heartbeat had been silenced many years ago, when I became the creature of the night I now was. This thought only made me want to find the girl whose heartbeat I could feel pounding rhythmically throughout my whole body all the more. It was as if her heartbeat had taken the place of mine, and for a brief moment, I felt truly alive again.

I had to meet her face to face; nothing else mattered at that instant.

Not even this insistent hunger, which had begun to consume me once again. I searched the club, homing in on the sound of her heart, passing writhing bodies covered with sweat as if they were phantoms, my urge to feed subsumed by the desire to meet her. I could feel her presence now; I was getting closer.

With my heightened senses, I could even smell her. It was a sweet yet spicy odor, like a gingerbread latte from my favorite coffee shop.

I was getting high on her scent, almost as if I’d taken a drug.

I could feel what she was feeling: the blood coursing through her veins, the flush of her heat coming through her clothes, the slightest hint of damp perspiration on her soft body, the music pounding in her ears, taking her outside of herself.

There was something else drawing me to her also now; as I got closer, I could feel a need building inside of her.

And then suddenly, there she was, standing in front of me.

I saw a slender wisp of a girl, wearing a short red and black plaid miniskirt with a black chiffon and lace ruffled hem and a tight black sheer long-sleeved scoop neck top, a black lace bra underneath covering her shapely breasts. On her legs and feet, black over-the-knee socks, and black Converse Chuck Taylor high top sneakers. She had shiny dark brown hair, almost black; the same color as Hannah’s, I thought, but straight, not wavy. Two metal rings pierced her lower lip, and they glinted in the light with a bluish glow. They almost looked like fangs right then, although her unmistakable heartbeat was proof enough to me that she wasn’t one of us.

She was moving rhythmically to the music, her eyes closed.

As I stood there before her, I was captivated by her physical beauty, but even more so by the quality of the soul I sensed within. She was even more beautiful spiritually than she was physically, if it were possible to improve on perfection.

Then, as if suddenly aware of my presence, she opened her eyes and looked straight into my own.

Her eyes were like clear brilliant blue pools of water, and I felt as if I was sinking into them, drowning in her essence.

She and I would have been the same height if I hadn’t been wearing heels, but as it was, she had to look up slightly at me.

I liked that.

She smiled at me, and her smile was so bright, it was as if the sun had risen in this dark club. The sun, which I hadn’t even had a glimpse of for over half a century, was there in her smile and I realized at that moment just how much I had actually missed seeing the sun rise.

“Hi! I’m River,” she said, still dancing, her eyes locked with mine.

“Do you want to dance?”

I could feel her heartbeat quicken as she said that, a sharp intake of breath, a little more warm flush to her body. The signs of attraction were all there, plainly… and I hadn’t even tried to enthrall her. No, this was real, and I wasn’t used to it. Normally, I would have used my powers to make a person attracted to me, and they would have had no choice but to feel that way; but this young girl was a rare thing, a true innocent. I had no intention of spoiling that.

Her feelings would remain her own. I was just incredibly happy that she had chosen to like me of her own free will.

I was not above putting a tiny suggestion into her head, though.

“I’m not much of a dancer,” I replied. “You seem thirsty. Can I buy you a drink?”

“Sure!” She nodded emphatically.

Without another word, she took my hand in hers and we headed towards the bar. When we got there, I waved to the bartender, a girl with long purple hair and a nose ring.

"Orange Whip?" I asked River, and she nodded a yes.

“Becca, can I buy you one also?"

Another nod, from Becca this time.

“Three Orange Whips!”

I had a feeling that River would enjoy something a little sweet, and I loved Orange Whip cocktails so much myself.

“Sure, Cool! Comin’ right up!” Becca replied brightly.

Becca was OK. She knew Hannah and I were night people, and she accepted us for what we were.

She didn’t have a problem with freaky… her words, not mine.

As Becca prepared our drinks, mixing them up in a gleaming polished steel shaker, River looked at me and asked, “Why did she call you cool just now?

I mean, not that you aren’t, but… ”

I laughed. “Oh, it’s an old joke. My real name is Erica, but no one has called me that in… well, forever, really. I used to say ‘cool’ all the time… ‘She’s cool, he’s cool, that’s cool, it’s cool’… everyone just started making fun of me, calling me Cool. And it stuck.”

Becca poured the drinks into two glasses and set them in front of us.

In her thick New Yawk accent, she said, “Here ya go, Cool… enjoy!”

She gave me a little wink. I smiled at her, and said, “Oh, I’m sure we will. Nobody here mixes a better Orange Whip than you do, Becca!”

Becca smiled back and said, “I’ll have mine later when I take my break,” and then moved off to take drink orders from some customers at the other end of the bar.

I slid one of the cocktails over in front of my new friend and watched her as she took the glass and raised it to her pretty lips, taking a sip and then sighing contentedly at the taste of it.

Thursday night was always busy at Cielo and the club was packed. River was pressed up against me as we stood together at the bar. It was nice to feel her warm body, to take in her intoxicating scent up close, to hear her heartbeat.

She was so alive… I wanted her more than I had wanted anything in a very long time, and I wasn’t going to have to force her; it was pretty clear to me that she wanted me also.

Leaning over so that I could speak directly into her ear, I asked, “What do you say we finish these drinks and get out of here? I’m dying for a smoke, and we have to go outside for that.”

River nodded. “Okay. I don’t smoke, but I’ll come keep you company while you have one.”

It didn’t take us long to finish our cocktails. They were ice-cold, delicious, and went down easily.

Setting our empty glasses back on the bar, we headed off towards the exit.

“Don’t you have a jacket or coat?” I asked. “It’s a bit chilly outside.”

“I never feel the cold,” she replied. “I guess I’m just naturally warm.”

Oh, my goddess… this girl! I was falling in love.

We walked out of the noisy club into the street and around the corner.

I steered River into the shelter of a doorway to keep us out of the wind, then pulled out my pack of smokes, placed a cig in my mouth, and lit it with my trusty brass Zippo lighter.

That lighter had seen some miles. It was another gift from Hannah, and it had been with me for almost as long as I’d been undead. I inhaled the smoke deeply, feeling the sweetness of it filling my lungs.

“Kids, don’t try this at home, “ I thought to myself, and laughed out loud.

“What’s so funny?” River asked.

“Oh, nothing… just a thought that passed through my head. A private joke between me and myself.”

“You’re kind of strange,” River said suddenly, laughing too.

“What’s really weird is how comfortable I feel with you. It’s like we’ve known each other forever, even though we’ve just met and I don’t know anything about you.”

“Well, what would you like to know?” I queried. “My life is an open book.”

Yes, I was a liar… but she would certainly find everything out in due time.

Before too long, she would know everything she wanted to know, and much more.

For now, though, I just gave her a little mental nudge to let it drop... and of course, she did.

The night air did have a chill to it, apparently. I could see River’s nipples reacting to the cold through her bra and thin top, even though she seemed immune to it otherwise. I pulled off my leather jacket and draped it over her shoulders, quickly and without asking, so that she wouldn’t have a chance to refuse my gesture.

“Thanks,” she said. “I guess it is colder out now than it was when I got here. But won’t you be cold? “

“Don’t worry about me. I like the cold. I’m kind of used to it.”

I laughed again and pointed at myself. “I’m Cool, remember?”

“Why don’t we go back to my place?”

I projected the thought as my green eyes met her blue ones.

She opened hers just a little wider, letting my thought in. It was just another gentle suggestion, though… really.

Not imposing my will at all.

“Hey, do you live around here?” River asked. “I kind of need to pee, and the lines for the restroom at the club are always really long.’

I smiled to myself.

“Yes, my place is just a few blocks away.’ I answered.

“Let’s go, then,” she said, her decision made. Just a gentle suggestion…

I smiled again.

(soundtrack: So What, Miles Davis)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DEC8nqT6Rrk?feature=oembed"

We started walking down towards Greenwich Street as a light powdery snow began to fall from the night sky, the soft flakes forming a sort of moving veil as the streetlamps illuminated them and the wind swirled them all around us.

River’s long black eyelashes caught a few of the snowflakes and they hung there suspended for a few instants like pendants from a crystal chandelier before her body’s warmth caused them to melt. She blinked, and the tiny wet droplets fell slowly to her cheeks before disappearing into nothingness.

The world seemed like it was moving in slow motion to me, and it was beautiful. I wanted this moment to last forever.

A sudden sharp twinge in my bladder brought me back to reality.

Poor River… I could feel she wasn’t kidding about having to pee.

‘Kind of’ was kind of an understatement. My empathetic powers made me all too conscious of the pressure building within her, aching to be released.

It wasn’t a long walk, but I began to wonder if she would make it all the way there.

She was starting to look a little more desperate; her hand was pressing on her abdomen as she walked, and she was taking shorter strides now.

“Don’t worry, honey,” I said reassuringly. “It’s not too much further. We’ll be there soon; just try to hold it, OK?”

Almost as soon as I finished saying that River gasped, and I could sense that she’d actually let a little bit of urine out into her panties, making them even warmer and wetter than they already were from her arousal.

She stopped mid-stride, then crossed her legs tightly and bent over at the waist.

“OMG, I have to pee so badly right now!” she exclaimed.

As much as I really wanted to see her wet herself, I decided I’d help her just a little.

I projected a bit of my willpower into her, allowing her to keep the desperate feeling at bay a little while longer.

It wasn’t gone, but at least it receded somewhat.

If she was going to wet herself, it wasn’t going to be right there in the middle of the street. I wanted it to be for my eyes only.

River uncrossed her legs and stood up straight with a sigh.

“I really thought I was about to lose it totally a minute ago!”

“It sure did look that way, sweetie. Desperation usually comes in waves, in my personal experience.” I smiled.

“We should probably hurry, before the next one hits.”

River smiled back at me sweetly.

“Yeah, I might not make it next time.” .

She was so cute, this girl. Every little thing she did or said was making me fall deeper and deeper in love with her. Her soft voice, her lovely body, her beautiful soul, her irresistible scent, even her urgent need to pee; it all made me even more hopelessly attracted to her.

I put my arm around her protectively and we continued on our way towards the loft. I could feel her shivering now, not from the cold, but from her desperate state. If we didn’t get inside soon, the poor thing was going to lose it right there.

I could sense her leaking pee steadily now, although she was making a valiant effort to hold it.

Luckily, we had arrived at the loft building where Hannah and I lived.

“Hey, honey… we’re here. Just a little while longer now, and you can pee.”

I pulled my keys out of the pocket of my leather jacket and stuck them into the lock quickly as River stood there bent over again with her legs crossed tightly, a look of sheer desperation on her pretty face.

“Please hurry,” she said. “I’m just about to wet myself.”

She had no idea how her words affected me, or what that act would do to me, either. I had to get her inside quickly, for both of our sakes. I opened the door, and we stepped into the small lobby. I pressed the button to call for the elevator. Luckily, it was already there on the ground floor; the door opened, River and I got in, and I selected the top floor.

I could feel just how desperate River was now; she was just moments away from losing it completely. Her chest was flushed, she was biting her lower lip, and her hand was now pushed up under her skirt between her slim legs.

Her face was showing the stress she was under, trying to keep holding as we rode the small elevator up.

It was agonizingly slow, too, this old elevator, which wasn’t helping her at all.

The look on her face, the way she was standing with her legs crossed tightly together, her lovely scent filling up this small confined space; I was ready to make love to her right then and there.

River gasped again, and I could feel that she’d just spurted a stream of hot pee into her little panties again. She clamped her thighs together as tightly as possible once more, and I could feel her fingers pressing into her wee hole through her panties to stem the tide. Her other hand grabbed my arm, and squeezed it hard.

I was both surprised and pleased by the fact that she had remarkably strong fingers.

“Oh, gosh, I really need to pee soon,” she said softly.

River was almost at the limit of her ability to hold the flood back, and it was just about the sexiest thing I’d ever seen. Her skirt was hiked up around her hand, exposing her black lace boyshort panties as she rubbed herself a bit, applying pressure on her outer lips to relieve the pressure building up inside of her.

I was trying my best not to look at her; if I had, the sight would have been enough to drive me mad, and I would have ravished her instantly.

As it was, I could feel everything she was feeling and everything she was doing to herself as she started pressing on her wee hole again to try and keep herself from wetting.

Finally, the elevator came to a stop on the 13th floor.

I quickly stepped out, but River remained motionless inside, her pretty face looking down at her feet.

“Come on, sweetie, we’re here,” I said, opening the door to the loft, but River just looked up at me helplessly as tears began to flow from her beautiful blue eyes.

I heard a soft hissing sound, and I saw she was fully wetting herself now; her pee was flowing freely out from between her fingers as they were pressed up against her panties between her long shapely legs.

It streamed down, soaking her over-the-knee socks, and forming a small fragrant pool at her feet. Then it stopped.

“I’m so sorry, Cool… I just couldn’t hold it any more,” she said softly.

The helpless look on River’s face and the sweet scent of her pee was driving me insane with desire. It was all I could do to keep from kneeling down and slurping her liquid gold up from off of the elevator floor.

To an omo vampire like me, your pee smells so sweet and delicious; it’s what attracts us to you.

So if you’re wet, or even full, we’ll come and find you.

And then, watch out…

I was so excited, but I had to keep a grip on myself until we got inside.

What I was going to do to her in a few moments, in private, oh goddess!

“Don’t worry about that, honey,” I said to her, my voice much calmer than I actually felt.

”Come inside and we’ll get you cleaned up in a jiffy. I can even lend you some clothes if you’d like, since we look to be just about the same size.”

River nodded sweetly and walked into the loft.

She didn’t know it yet, but she had just changed her life forever with those few small steps.

She was all mine now; or rather, she would be very soon.

As soon as River crossed our threshold, she was in my arms. I gently slid my motorcycle jacket off of her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor behind her.

I pulled her closer and began to kiss her ever so tenderly as I felt her soft body relaxing against mine.

All of the stress and strain and tension was draining away from her now that she was no longer struggling to keep from wetting herself. As she spread her legs apart and pressed up against me, I could feel the warm dampness of her panties on my thigh, and I raised my hands to her breasts, kneading them gently under my fingers, caressing her nipples as they grew into pointed barbs under her bra and sheer top.

River’s lips were so soft and wet I could have kissed her forever. She tasted like sweet strawberries, probably from her lip gloss. Her eyes were closed, but her body and soul were open to me. I had one hand on her breast, and with the other working up inside her panties, I could feel the slick wetness of her girl juice gathering there.

I slipped two fingers up inside her and was rewarded with a soft gasp and then sweet little moans of joy as I fingered her with short quick stroking motions. I removed my fingers and brought them to my mouth to taste her… oh, goddess, she was delicious, the girl juice and sweet pee mingling to form the most exotic cocktail imaginable.

"Better than an Orange Whip," I thought to myself, and smiled.

I reached down and inserted my fingers into my sweet River again. Suddenly, she convulsed around my hand, and I felt her squirt forcefully into her panties as she shuddered uncontrollably.

“Oh, I’m coming!” she said, gasping for air and moaning. I was creaming in my own panties now as well.

River had gotten me so very aroused by her display of unbridled passion I couldn’t help myself.

This girl… she was pure innocence, and pure sex at the same time. It was a deadly combination.

Luckily, I had no life to lose.

I picked her up, still trembling with joy.

She was so light; I carried her easily to the back of the loft and laid her down on the giant bed, watching her sink into the soft comforter and feather bed as if into a fluffy cloud. Her eyes were open now, and with a quick fluid motion, she sat up and pulled her top over her head, her hair falling back into her sweet face as she tossed it aside.

All of a sudden, a light seemed to flash behind her eyes.

She grabbed me and pulled my face into her soft breasts, holding me there firmly.

I was surprised at her strength; she was powerful for such a small girl.

I liked that too.

Although I could have broken her grip easily, I didn’t want to. I was used to being the aggressive one in this type of encounter, but River had turned the tables on me, and I was enjoying the unfamiliar sensation of not being in control for once. She kicked off her sneakers, and I rolled her over-the- knee socks off of her slender legs. My hands moved under her short skirt to remove her still-damp panties as she lifted her bottom up off of the bed slightly. I could smell the sweet scent of her pee on them as I let them drop to the floor beside the bed, and it was driving me almost insane with desire for her.

She rolled over so she was now on top of me, pinning me to the bed as she reached around behind her back, deftly unfastening the clasp of her bra and letting her shapely breasts fall free. She tossed it aside, and then her hands flew to the zipper of my skinny jeans, undoing it, and she quickly shoved her hand down into my pants to fondle my privates, feeling my slick wetness at her fingertips as she stroked me delicately through my panties.

River may have looked young, but she was certainly not a novice at this game; she knew how to turn a girl on, that was for sure.

I moved my mouth to one of her nipples and began to suck hungrily on it.

I had to resist the almost overwhelming temptation to bite her; not yet, I thought… not yet.

I stopped sucking before I wouldn’t be able to help myself.

“Oh, Cool…oh, my god, “ she whispered as I reached up and began to fondle her nipples instead, kneading them firmly between my fingers.

I could sense that she wanted me to squeeze even harder… so I did just that, and then was rewarded with yet another moan of pleasure from her sweet lips.

She closed her eyes again and bent her head down to my neck and sucked on it before suddenly biting it hard.

I could feel a little of my blood gathering under her sharp teeth; luckily the lights were still off, so she wouldn’t notice the strange blue color of it until afterwards.

She began to suck harder now that she had drawn blood, and her passion seemed to increase as she moved above me, her hand busy down between my legs as she rubbed herself against my thigh, making it all slick and wet with her juices. Her short skirt was bunched up around her waist now. She was almost completely naked while I was still fully clothed, but I felt like she was the one in control at the moment, not me.

“River, oh, River,” I sighed, whispering her name. I was melting underneath her. I was the vampire, but this young girl was drinking my blood. I hadn’t anticipated this at all. Now I had no choice. I had to turn her, or she would be dead before morning.

Just as that thought passed through my head, I heard the front door open, and footsteps coming down the hallway. Hannah was home.

“Cool, where are you?” she asked.

Usually when she got home I would be in the living room, either playing my horn or listening to some music on the stereo. Waiting for her to return.

River’s eyes flew open, and I could feel her body tensing up. She wasn’t expecting us to be interrupted in the middle of our passionate embrace.

“Who’s that?”, she whispered nervously. “You didn’t tell me you had a room-mate!”

“We’re in the bedroom, Hannah!” I replied, smiling.

I whispered to River, “Don’t worry, it’s OK… Hannah’s going to love you, sweetie!”

“’Oh, so it’s ‘we’, is it? Hmm, would you like a little privacy?”

“Actually, I was hoping you’d be home in time to meet River!”

I giggled, thinking of what Hannah would be doing to the both of us very soon.

She walked into the bedroom, as stunning as ever. Tall and slim, with magnificent breasts, long legs, long shiny dark brown wavy hair, large brown eyes and full sensuous lips. She was the whole package, and gift wrapped in tight black leather to boot. Hannah exuded sex in the same way that River exuded innocence.

And I was about to be made love to by both of them at the same time.

How lucky can an undead girl get?

(a passionate night follows)

CENSORED DUE TO OVERLY RISQUE PASSAGES

The night was passing all too quickly; soon the morning light would be breaking over the city, and I had to take care of River now. She was getting weaker by the moment.

During our lovemaking session both Hannah and I had taken our fill of her urine and her blood, to the point of almost draining her completely. Knowing that we were going to transform her, there was no point in us holding back. The blood she’d sucked from my neck was killing her anyhow; slowly at first, but once the sun was up the process would accelerate rapidly unless I fed her the antidote.

There’s only one true cure for a mortal who has tasted omo vampire blood, and it’s not the most obvious thing in the world, either… you have to drink that vampire’s urine.

Of course, you’re not really cured then.

You just become one of us: an omo vampire; a blood-sucking, pee-loving vampire.

I got up out of the bed. Leaving Hannah and River behind, their bodies entwined in a post-coital embrace, I headed to the kitchen.

I grabbed the nearest container, which was a large pitcher. Taking it with me into the bathroom, I squatted over it and let loose a nice torrent of clear blue pee, enough to fill it almost completely. I wanted to make sure we had enough to complete River’s transformation.

There was a lot; I’d been holding for almost 24 hours, and had had a fair amount to drink in the meantime, so it felt really good to finally relinquish control and simply allow myself to pee.

In fact, it was almost an orgasmic feeling to release the urine that had been trapped inside my bladder for so long.

I wasn’t able to luxuriate in the sensation though. Saving River was the most important thing at the moment.

Perfect, I thought… more than enough for what we needed to do now.

I picked up the pitcher and carried it carefully into the kitchen, where I poured some of it into a glass over ice. It would make a sweet cocktail now that River had tasted my blood. I took the tall glass full of my pee back into the bedroom, and lifted it to River’s lips as Hannah and I held her up.

“You need to drink this,” I commanded her, and she obeyed me instantly, submissive now.

I wasn’t about to take a chance that she might refuse for any reason. We were running out of time.

As soon as she took the first sip, I could see a change come over her. She sat up straighter in bed as I continued to feed her the sweet-tasting liquid, taking a deep gulp now as her body responded to its tonic effect. She grasped the glass with both hands, taking it from me and raised it high as she drained the last dregs.

“That was delicious! What is that stuff?” she said as she licked her soft lips.

Hannah and I both laughed as I said, “I’ll tell you later. Right now you need to get some rest.”

They were almost exactly the same words we had exchanged on the night she and I had first met, over half a century before.

(to be continued)

*038*2013-06-16 04:02

You have to click the music links... they really are an integral part of setting the mood for each section, IMO.

Of course, i am not sure how long it takes other people to read each section, but i do try to get the time approximately right.

I'm happy it worked out well for your first click...

Re: that 'takeout' line... it kind of shows that Cool is a pretty cold customer, no doubt about it !

*041*2013-06-18 13:07

{{: 

Well done! It's very funny... you are an omo vampire now.. are you?

Thanks for the music, it's very nice hear it when reading, I like the Debussy sonata..

}}

Why, yes... i am.

\/###\/ Do you have to pee now ?

I'm glad you are enjoying the music, it's something i can do here that i couldn't if this was simply printed somewhere, and it gives people the option of hearing a soundtrack if they wish.

If they don't like it or find it too distracting, they don't have to click on it, or can go back and turn it off.

Thanks, as always, for taking the time to read and to comment !

*043*2013-06-18 13:15

{{: 

Hey hey hey....it's Fros-tayyyy!!!

}}

Personally... i thought it was rather cute and funny, but then, i'm prejudiced...

*047*2013-06-19 00:17

{{: 

And think; we're not only kindred spirits, we're sisters!!!

}}

Sisters forever !

Just you wait, there's more to come...

I'm working on the next chapters now !

*048*2013-06-19 00:46

I realize that i forgot to post a link to the next chapter here...

Link to Pt. 4> https://omorashi.org/topic/14905-sisterhood-of-blood-pt4-eternally-yours-river/#entry583308

Sorry !

\/###\/

*049*2013-06-21 07:23

I will hopefully be able to post something over this next weekend !

Stay tuned...

\/###\/

