Gemma's wet weekend - Page 2

Author: Barry

*030*2016-09-16 08:43

Chapter 17:

'Come on Gem! Surely you musta felt something out of it! I mean fuck! We did it so often, you musta got some kind of kick out of it, or you wouldn'ta done it so much. Truth now, no bullshit!'

Gemma remained silent. The thought that her childhood friend had been getting "excited" by their supposedly innocent, if not naughty fun hadn't really crossed her mind.

No. That wasn't exactly true. If she was to be completely honest with herself, she would have to admit that it had, at least at times, but she had been able to push the thought out of her mind with relative ease.

'I dunno exactly what to say Cris. In a way, I've gotta admit you're right. I did get kinda a kick out of it, and I still do I guess, but it's never been what I'd consider a turn on as such.'

Gemma paused then, and held up her hand in a gesture of silence, trying to gather her garbled thoughts a bit better. Now she had started talking, she wanted to finish, but she also wanted to be honest and clear with what she said.

'Let me ask you first. You got like turned on by our wetting? Like sexually turned on? How or when did that start?'

Crystal grabbed Toni's hand for support. She had just told her best friend something that she had sworn to herself that she'd never do, but there was no backing out now, the words had been said, and the only way to go from here was forward.

'I guess it just started happening as we got older. When we were little, it was just a fun thing we did, but we we were around twelve, puberty age I 's'pose, it started having a different kinda effect on me. I still loved doing it, but I loved watching you doing it way more than I had used too.

'I still remember the first time I noticed it properly. We were playin' in the pool, and got out to wee on the grass. It wasn't anything we hadn't done like a hundred times before, but we stood there facing each other, peeing through our swimsuits like it was the most natural thing in the world, and I started feeling kinda tingly about it.'

She took the last hit from the joint, and extinguished the roach in the ashtray before continuing. 'Don't get me wrong, it wasn't like I suddenly had a sexy thing for you at all, just what we were doing. The whole "pee our pants" thing just suddenly became kinda hot. But that's also around the same time we stopped doing it, unless we had our swimsuits on of course! But I think you even stopped wearing your Goodnites to bed not long after that, and unless you were in your bathers, or had an accident, I didn't see you wet on purpose as much.'

She smiled at Gemma, 'I guess that's why I was always so keen on us playing in the pool when we got older. It gave us the chance to wet together! But I even remember asking you once if you still did it by yourself, and you admitted that you did, and I coulda kicked you, cos I wanted you to keep doing it with me!'

Gemma smiled. As Crystal had talked, a few puzzle pieces had fallen into place. She recalled how as they had gotten older, although they hadn't done it as much, they still talked about it a lot.

If Gemma had had a real accident, even in private, she always ended up telling Crystal about it, and Crystal never hesitated to openly talk about her bed wetting if Gemma asked about it. They often made jokes about wetting their pants, and continued to pee in and around the pool for many years, but had just somehow shied away from just wetting as they played.

'Cris, you remember when you were nearly sixteen, and started wearing those Molicare pull ups instead of the Goodnites?'

'Cause I do! That was only like four years ago. Why?'

'Well you remember how when your parents were out, we Googled about them, and ended up on that Adult Baby site?' Crystal just nodded, not speaking, so Gemma continued. 'I remember we looked at that for hours! We were laughing at the pictures of the grownups pretending to be babies, and talking about their nappies, 'member that?'

Crystal blushed deeply, but held her head up and met her friends eyes. 'Yes I remember it. After you went home, I joined it as well!'

Gemma wasnt as surprised as she may have been under different circumstances, but she had to grin as well. 'Guess what? I didn't join, but I go on there sometimes. I'm what they call a lurker!'

'What?! No fucking way! Really?'

'Yes really. I didn't get back on it for ages after that day, but one day I was bored, and fucking around on the computer, and I remembered it, so I searched around till I found it. It's quite a lot of fun actually, but I never signed up. What's your username?'

'Bed wetting princess,' Crystal said, blushing deeper still, and lowering her eyes.

Gemma and Toni looked at each other, and snorted at the same time, then erupted into peals of uncontrolled laughter, the type that only stoned people are capable of, and it didn't take long for Crystal to join in, getting completely caught up in the moment.

Gemma was laughing uncontrollably, and soon felt a familiar wetness between her legs.

'Oh shit! Fuck! 'scuse me,' she mumbled, and ran out of the room, the round wet spot on the backside of her faded jeans making it very obvious what had happened. She returned five minutes later wearing her pyjama pants.

'Pissed myself a bit,' she muttered by way of explanation, causing her friends to start laughing again.

'So did I!' Toni said, 'But I've gotta diaper on. I'll need to change later though!' And again they all laughed.

The earlier somber mood had now well and truly departed, and they now couldn't stop laughing at the littlest things, a phenomenon that perhaps only stoned people can fully understand.

'So "bed wetting princess",' Gemma started, causing another snort from Toni, 'I've read some of your posts and stuff before. But I thought you had a sister?'

Crystal smiled, 'I do dickhead, it's you!'

It was Gemmas turn to blush then, and she felt a fresh wave of love for her friend. 'Look, I haven't been on there a lot, but I never recognised anything about us from anything you've posted?'

'Ive never posted a fully true detailed story about us Gem. I just sorta picked the best bits, twisted 'em round a bit, and made up a new story, one that nobody would ever recognise about us if they knew us in real life. Guess what? It must've fucking worked too!'

This produced even more laughter, but then Crystal got serious.

'But why Gem? I don't get why? You just got through explaining that you don't get any sexual kick out of wetting, so why the hell are you lurking on a wetting and diaper fetish website? Somethings not adding up there!'

It was Gemmas turn now to become serious again. 'It's kinda hard to explain guys. It's not exactly a sexual thing, more of a comfort thing. You've read those adult baby stories haven't ya?'

Both Toni and Crystal nodded in unison, bringing a smile to Gemmas face seeing how in sync they were becoming already.

'Well I guess I kinda identify with them a bit, although I don't THINK I'm an adult baby. But I guess it stems from my mum diapering me for so long.'

She had to pause for a drink, as this next bit was going to be embarrassing she thought.

'It's hard to explain, and I don't think you guys will get it. But being babied by my mum for so long, it made us really close. Not close in a scary, creepy, Psycho type of way, but a nice way. I know you guys think that mum letting me wear nappies for so long was weird, and it probably was, but we only had each other, and it was like our own special mother-daughter time, ya know? As weird as it was, being a "big girl" being diapered by my mum was really nice. After we finished school, I'd lay on the change table and let her change me, and it was like when that was going on, we could talk about anything. Nothing was off limits. We'd just laugh and chat, and be completely open with each other. I guess it's impossible not to be open with someone if your naked and being diapered! But it never felt weird ya know? Not until after I turned nine anyway, and that's when mum decided it was enough. I guess it helps a lot if your mum wears diapers as well, and knows what it's like.

'It was the same deal with being allowed to wet myself. It was such a naughty thing to be allowed to do, and we both knew it, but didn't care! If you can tell your mum that you've wet yourself at eleven years of age, and she just shrugs, and asks if you wanted to be changed or not, then accepts you totally if you tell her not yet, that you wanna leave your wet pants on for a while longer, then you can tell her almost anything!

'So for me, it was never really a sexual thing. It was a bonding thing. Wetting my pants and wearing nappies helped me to be closer to my mum, that's all. That's what I miss the most, both with mum and with you Cris. The closeness of sharing a naughty secret that 99% of other people just wouldn't understand. It didn't turn me on, but it bought me closer to the two people who I love most in the world.

'You and mum.'

*035*2016-09-17 22:14

Chapter 18:

Both Toni and Crystal had tears in their eyes. What Gemma had said had really struck a chord with them. Even though the drink and pot was probably partly to blame, there was a real "I love you guys" moment happening in the room, and it was sincere.

Crystal picked up her drink, noticing that her hand was shaking slightly, and Toni, feeling just a touch out of place, distracted herself by mulling up a bit more pot.

'So you NEVER got like aroused when we wet then?' Crystal asked.

Gemma grinned. 'I wouldn't exactly say that! How do I put this? As we got older, and stopped doing it together, I still did it by myself. I told ya that. Shit, I even toldya that I did it earlier today! The reason that I do it, is because I like it. Obviously. When we were kids, I liked the bonding aspect, like with you and mum, I liked the naughtiness of it, of doing something so "wrong," but I also really liked, and still do, the actual FEELING of it.

'I used to love how warm and soft my diaper felt when it was wet. And how safe I felt wearing one. I felt so Goddamn free! Running around in my own backyard, wearing something that I shouldn't be wearing, and just wetting myself whenever I wanted to, was, I dunno, liberating I guess. Sometimes I'd be bursting when mum diapered me, and I'd just flood it straight away, before I even got outside. Other times I'd try and wet slowly, a bit at a time, and try and make it last. But the overall feeling of safety and security were the key things.

'When I stopped wearing diapers, and was just wetting my pants, I was a bit older, and the feelings were a bit different. There wasn't that safe, secure type of feeling, unless I told mum about it. I know it's weird, but even though I was allowed to do it, I always felt better when I had express permission from her. Even if I told her, "Hey Mummy, I wanna go pee my knickers outside," and she said yes, it wasn't till I'd done it, then actually told her that I'd done it, that it felt okay. After I'd wet myself, I'd usually find an excuse to go inside, or she would come out, and I'd tell her, "I did it mum. My pants are wet." and she'd just smile and ask me if I wanted to change. Only then could I really enjoy it. It was kinda like I enjoyed being naughty, but I had to make sure that it was okay! I know how stupid that sounds, but that's what it was like.

'I noticed you doing that when we were little.' Crystal said. 'I didn't think much of it, cos I knew you was allowed to do it, but I always thought you were kinda brave as well. I looked up to you a bit because you always had the guts to tell your mum if you were wet, whether it was a real accident or not. But that's beside the point! You're dodging the question Gem! I wanna know if you ever get turned on by it!'

Gemma threw a bit of cheese at her friend. 'I'm tryin' to tell ya Cris! If you'd stop innerupting!'

Toni noticed how their voices were starting to slur, but also how insistent they both seemed in regards to Gemmas tale, and Crystals question about getting aroused. Gemma obviously wanted to tell it in her own way, but kept getting sidetracked by old memories, and Crystal was anxious to just find out how her best friend felt. These girls shared a bond, and were locked together in their own world at the moment, and Toni wasn't a part of it. She didn't mind at all though. It was fascinating to be witness to such an intimate conversation. She had another cone, then sat back to observe, wondering just where this was all going.

'Anyway,' Gemma continued, 'Like I was trying to say before bed wetting princess over here interrupted me,' (which resulted in the previously thrown piece of cheese being thrown back,) as I got older, I did start getting a bit turned on by my wet pants.'

'Finally!' Crystal blurted out, 'All that when a simple "Yes" would've done!'

Again the cheese was flung across the room.

'It wasn't as simple as just that though Cris. It wasn't like I got turned on every time I peed myself! Holy Fuck! I would've ended up a full blown nympho! It was just sometimes, ya know? I guess that only started when I was much older, even after I stopped deliberately wetting and telling mum about it, and that wasn't till I was about fifteen or so. I still did it of course, just not with you, and I didn't tell mum, I just did it by myself, usually just in the shower.'

'Let me tell you something Gem.' Crystal said earnestly. 'It's how I started enjoying it more. Do ya remember my first bikini? That plain black one? It was only a cheap thing from K-Mart, but I was fourteen, and mum finally let me get a bikini! I was so thrilled, and I felt really grown up, remember?'

'Yes I do!' Gemma exclaimed excitedly. 'I wanted one as well, but mum had always said no, but when you got one, I kept pestering her about how unfair it was, and she finally gave in and I got that horrible floral one! But I remember us feeling really grown up in our new bikinis around your pool!'

'Well Gem,' Crystal said, 'we both peed our bikinis on the lawn that day. Same as we always had peed in our one pieces. But that day, after you went home, I went to have a shower. I still had my bikini on, and I was thinking of you, wetting your suit while I watched, and I stood in the shower and peed myself while I thought of watching you do it earlier. Then I touched the wet fabric, and it felt so nice! I started rubbing it harder and harder, and I came for the very first time! So my first orgasm was had by wetting my swimsuit, then jilling off while thinking about you wetting your swimsuit! Now don't get freaked out, I wasn't so much thinking about you while I frigging, just about you wetting yourself. That's about how and when it became a sexual thing for me!

'After that I started doing it all the time! Not just thinking about you,' she added hastily, 'but whenever I swam in the pool and peed myself. Then, one morning not long after, I woke up in a wet bed, as usual. My Goodnite had leaked everywhere, and the sheets were soaked. At first I just sighed I guess. I mean, by that stage I just didn't get upset over wetting the bed anymore, it happened every fucking night anyway.

But I reached down to like check my pull up anyway, and it was all warm and wet and heavy, and I squeezed it, and it felt so good! Then I realised that I needed to pee again, and my bed was already wet, so I just let go while I was holding my diaper, and it was so full that it leaked everywhere, and I got pee all over my hand, but it felt good, ya know. And naughty, just like you was sayin' before, really naughty and wrong. But I kept peeing, and rubbing my little nappy while I did it, and pretty soon I'd made myself cum again. After that, I usually jilled myself off every time I woke up wet! Which as you know is most days.

'In the end, even if I did wake up dry, I'd pee my pull up on purpose, then have a wank afterwards. That's how it started, but I even started peeing my knickers in the shower, and if I had a REAL accident, even a little one, it made me like super horny!'

She took a drink, then looked sheepishly at Gemma. 'So did your accidents Gem. That's why I always asked you if you'd had any lately, cause I got turned on when you'd tell me stories about wetting your pants accidentally. I wasn't ever turned on by you, don't get me wrong, but I loved hearing about you wetting yourself! Even tonight, when you ran to the toilet with a wet bum, that was hot, wasn't it Toni?'

Toni felt acutely embarrassed about suddenly being dragged into the conversation like this, but she was put on the spot, and had to agree. 'Hope you won't take this the wrong way Gemma, I mean I realise we don't know each other real well, but I've gotta agree with Crissy, it was kinda hot, at least for people like us who are into that kinda thing I guess.' She gave Crystals hand a squeeze, which was returned with interest.

If Gemma was even the slightest bit disturbed by her friends admission, then it didn't show at all. If anything, she looked excited.

'I guess that makes what I'm gonna tell you a bit easier for me to say then.'

Gemma looked nervous, but at the same time somehow more alive, like she was about to offload a big secret. She took a drink to steady her nerves before she started talking.

'I have to admit, I've done it as well. The exact same thing basically. Rubbed one out through my wet panties. Probably not for the same reasons as you have, but just because I liked how they felt. Even as a little kid, a big part of the 'joyment of wetting myself was the feeling of my wet knickers afterwards. It wasn't as great as my nappy or a pull up, but I always liked the feeling though.

'When I was little, I think it was nothin' more than the naughty feeling, running 'round in my pissy knickers and no pants on. But after awhile, I started liking it more if I had a dress or skirt on. That way, I still had that special, naughty feeling, but nobody else 'cept mum would know. I didn't have to hide in the backyard, and I could play out the front, and all the neighbors and shit would be outside, and I'd wave to 'em, or talk to 'em, and all the time I had my little secret. I was wearing wet panties, and they didn't know. It made it kinda fun.

'But I did the same sorta thing you did the first time Cris. I 'member we walked home from school together, and I was like busting for a piss. But we were prolly' about fifteen I guess, and we just didn't do that sorta shit anymore, 'less we were in the pool, so I held on.'

Both Crystal and Toni were on the edge of their seats, knowing how this story would end, but dying to hear it anyway.

'Mum wasn't home, so I decided to pee my pants, just for fun, ya know? I woulda loved to have gone outside to do it, but I was scared that you, or someone else would catch me, so I did what I always did, headed for the shower. I was actually startin' to leak by the time I got there. I kicked off my shoes, and managed to get my dress off, but I didn't have a hope in hell of getting my socks off in time. I felt the first leak when I was pulling my dress over my head! So I jumped into the shower, held my t-shirt up, and watched myself wetting. I had a pair of white knickers with little red strawberries on them, and I absolutely soaked 'em! As well as my white socks!

'But the relief was so nice! I'd been really desperate on the walk home, but didn't say anything to you, and by the time we were crossing the street near the shop, I honestly believed I was gonna wet myself in front of you again, and while I know it wouldn't have mattered, I didn't wanna. I wanted you to think of me as a big girl now, and not the little girl who always wet herself. So when I made it to the shower, not only was the relief a physical one, it was like a mental relief as well, plus I enjoyed the naughty warm feeling of wetting myself as well.

'I was holding my little white panties, kinda pulling them up nice and tight with my fingers, ya know? Watching the pee spraying out of 'em, then running down my legs and getting my little ankle socks all wet, and it felt sooo good! I started rubbing the front of my panties as I peed, and I ended up having an orgasm, standing in a puddle of pee.

'That wasn't the first time I'd masturbated of course. I think I was thirteen when I first did it, but it was the first time I'd ever done it while I was peeing, and it was the best orgasm I'd ever, ever had!

'So yeah, I do get kinda turned on by it, in a certain way. Mostly it's more of "missing the innocence" kinda thing, and I guess I don't get turned on so much by other people wetting, but I do love the feelings of hot, wet panties and being naughty, and sometimes, I really miss my diapers a lot.'

As she finally finished her confession, she was almost overcome by emotions, no doubt heightened by alcohol and pot, but that didn't make them any less real, and not for the first time today, a tear escaped.

'

*040*2016-09-20 14:04

Thank you everyone for the encouragement. I really appreciate the good vibes.

Got delayed writing the next chapter in my Daniel and Amy saga, which proved to be a lot longer than planned.

Gemmas turn next, with it hotting up a bit soon, now the skeletons are coming out of the closets.

Will have another chapter up in the next century of days.

Cheers

Barry

*041*2016-09-22 11:50

Chapter 19:

'What about you Toni? Cris and me are baring our souls over here, and I hardly even know you! I think we've just learned more personal shit 'bout each other in the last hour than in like the last twelve fucking years! Only fair to hear your story as well I reckon.'

Toni smiled at Gemma. If the question had made her uneasy, it didn't show at all, and if anything, she appeared to be almost eager to share her own story. She pulled another cone, blew out a strong stream of smoke, then started talking.

'Fair enough,' she said. 'Since you guys are being so open, I should be as well I guess.

'My weeing problems have been like a mixture of yours and Crissys combined. I've always had a bit of a weak bladder, stress incontinence type of thing. Springing a leak if I laugh too hard, cough or sneeze, the usual shit. But I've always had a bit of a bed wetting thing as well, like forever. I don't wet the bed every night, and I can sometimes go a week or two dry, but in the finish, it always happens again, especially if I'm drinking. By the time I was seventeen, I thought it was stopping at last, but then I discovered alcohol, and I learned that I don't need to even be drunk, even a couple of drinks will make me wet the bed. Even coffee will, if I have one too late at night. I know I could always just stop drinking, but fuck that!'

This elicited laughter from her friends, and she let that die out before continuing.

'I don't mean to sound like an alco or anything, but I did wet like damn near every single night until I was nearly sixteen, and had to wear nappies to bed, so it's not like I'm not used to it at all.'

'But it's like a sexual thing for you as well?' Gemma asked.

'It ended up being one for sure.' Toni replied. 'And it was like you guys, it stemmed from my childhood, and in particular, my cousin. I've gotta cousin, well, a couple of cousins actually, Matthew, whose a year younger than me, and his brother Jason, whose two years younger than him. Matty was like me, a bed wetter. We were always kinda close when we were little, cause of the whole bed wetting thing, and being so close together in age.

'We were the only other kids we knew of who wet the bed, and it bought us closer together. Jason wet the bed as well, but only till he was about six or so, but Matty wet until he was at least thirteen. They're cousins from my mothers side, and mum and her sister are pretty close, but my aunt and her husband live out in the country. It's not exactly a farm I guess, but they've got a few acres with some bush, a few cows and sheep, some chickens, you know, just hobby shit like that. My uncles a truck driver, not a farmer, but my aunt likes looking after her little farm while he's away. Anyway, the point is, we'd spend a lot of holidays and weekends staying out at the farm with them. That's where I first got my love of motorbikes, bombing around the farm on the little pee-wee 50s.'

Crystal had to pause Toni's story there, telling her friends that she needed to go to the loo, or she'd end up needing to change into her pyjama pants like Gemma had, and she hurried off to the bathroom. Gemma and Toni didn't really speak much in her absence, just poured some more rum and made innocuous small talk.

When Crystal eventually returned, she had indeed changed into her pyjamas, but she hastened to inform them that no, she hadn't wet herself, but just decided that her PJ's would be more comfortable if they were going to sit around talking all night.

Gemma smiled to herself, thinking it was a good sign that her best friend was already comfortable enough to lounge around in her PJ's in front of her brand new potential partner. Toni took one look at her and agreed, saying that if the others were going to sit around like that, then she would as well, and so she went to change too. Not to be left out, Gemma went and put her pyjama top on, as she had only changed her pants after her earlier accident, and soon, all three young women were sitting around dressed in their pyjamas, drinking rum and laughing, and both Toni and Crystal had diapers on underneath their pants. It was much more comfortable, they all agreed.

'So, where was I?' Toni asked.

'You were telling us about your cousins on the farm.' Crystal reminded her, giving her knee a gentle squeeze as she did so.

Toni placed her hand over Crystals, returning the squeeze, then continued her tale.

'Yeah. So. We would go up to the farm most long weekends, or on school holidays for a few days. The boys shared a room with bunk beds, and I'd sleep on a mattress on the floor. I used to love it, mainly because I never did any sleepovers with my friends from school because of my bed wetting, but with my cousins, it didn't matter! We all wore pull ups to bed. Even when Jason stopped wetting, Matty and I still had to wear our pull ups, and it was just terrific being able to wear one, or wake up wet, and not have to try and hide it.

It was so great to talk about it, you know? With other kids who did it too. I don't mean like we sat around discussing it for hours on end or anything like that, but we were free to mention it. Just stuff like asking one another if the other person had put their pull up on yet, or waking up and laying in bed the next morning and asking, "Are you wet?" Or just telling each other that we needed a shower because we'd wet ourselves during the night. Stuff like that.'

'Did you guys ever like wet your pants together during the day?' Gemma asked.

Toni laughed. 'All the time when we were little! Like I told you, I've always been prone to having little accidents, and I often wet myself around my cousins when we were young. The boys didn't have any actual bladder problems like I did, but little boys are little boys, and they have accidents sometimes when they play. They were allowed to pee outside in the yard while they played, but often they'd put it off for too long, and end up with a wet spot on their pants. They didn't often have really big, pants soaking sort of accidents, but were always running around with a wet spot. Sometimes a big one.

It was always kinda funny watching them when we played. You could tell that they needed to pee, cause they'd be like holding their dicks and bouncing around, but they just kept putting it off. Didn't want to stop playing I suppose. We'd be running around carrying on, then all of a sudden, whichever one it was, and it was usually little Jason, although I saw Matt do exactly the same thing himself a few times, would just suddenly freeze on the spot, and grab his willie really tight, then run off behind the bushes holding himself. When he came back, there'd be a wet patch on the front of his pants. It was almost like they'd wait until they started wetting themselves before they'd actually go!'

Gemma laughed at hearing this, thinking how similar to herself at that age they sounded.

'How did their mum react when that happened?'

'Surprisingly well actually,' Toni replied. 'I guess I was partly responsible for that. Because I was the eldest one, and would wet myself sometimes because of my weak bladder, my aunt couldn't really make a big fuss out of it if the two youngest kids had an accident occasionally. If any of us had wet our shorts, and it was a nice sunny day, we'd just get told to stay outside until we dried off. It was a bit different if we were wearing long pants. Then our mums would usually just bring us out a clean pair, or we'd just take 'em off and run around in our underpants.'

'Sounds like my mum.' Gemma said.

'Yeah, both my mum and my aunt were fairly laid back about it,' Toni said, 'especially when were real little. I often wet myself when we played, not on purpose, but like the boys, I'd try to hold on too long, then I'd laugh too hard, or jump off something, and I'd leak, then it would be me running inside to use the loo after my pants were already wet. I was so envious of my cousins being able to just pee outside while I had to go in! But don't get the wrong idea though, this was when we were real young, like I would've only been eight or so. It's not like we were still doing it as teenagers. Well, not on accident anyway.......'

'Sounds like there's a story there!' Crystal said excitedly. 'Come on! What did you do when you were older?'

'Thats when we started getting kinda naughty about it. It started off one rainy day. We couldn't go outside to play, and we were bored shitless being stuck inside. I was twelve, and Matty was eleven, and we started going through a photo album. We found a picture of the three of us, all sitting around on the lawn, and we had all wet ourselves in it. It was years old, and I didn't remember it happening until I saw the picture, but then it came back to me. I was seven, Matt six, and Jason was four. We'd been playing in the dirt, and were filthy. I didn't want to go inside, and I'd ended up pissing myself, like completely!

The next thing we knew, little Jason did as well. Matt had run to the door to call our mums out and tell on us basically, but when they came out, they just laughed at how filthy we all were. When we didn't get into trouble, and our mums just warned us that we would get hosed off before we were allowed back inside, Matty just straight out asked his mother if he was allowed to pee in his shorts as well then. My aunt just shrugged her shoulders, and said he might as well, he sat on the grass and wet himself too. Our mums took a picture for posterity, of us all sitting together with our wet shorts on.

'Anyway, that picture started us off on one of our "Have you peed your pants lately" discussions, and we talked about it for awhile. I'd only been there for a day or two, and while I knew Matt was still wearing a nappy to bed, which was a big relief for me, we hadn't talked about it much until then. It turned out that Matt hadn't wet himself for a long time, and even Jason hadn't had any accidents either, so I was the only one. By then, even my accidents were becoming a lot more infrequent as well, but I still had little ones occasionally. He asked me like when and where and stuff like that, and I told him about them, like I always did. Nothing exciting came out of it, and I think we ended up playing Monopoly or something.

'The next morning, Matt had wet himself overnight, and his pull up had leaked. He slept on the bottom bunk because of his night wetting, and Jason just called him gross or something, and climbed down and left us alone in there. Matt never cried or anything, but I could tell he was upset. His pyjamas and sheets were all wet, but he wanted to stay in bed until I'd left the room. I, on the other hand had woken up dry, and I think that was partly why he was upset a bit.

'So to make him feel better, I told him I'd wet my pull up as well! I didn't like let him watch me or anything, but I pulled the blankets up, and peed in my Goodnite under the covers, and told him what I was doing. It cheered him up, and we laughed about it.'

Crystal was looking frustrated. 'Jesus Christ! You're as bad as Gem when it comes to telling a story! What about the "getting turned on" part?'

'Be patient Cris, I am getting to that.' Toni replied.

'Well that day the rain had stopped, and it was hot again. There was a little creek that ran through the bottom paddocks. It was usually only very shallow, but Matt said it would be a lot deeper after the rain we'd had the day before, so we decided to go for a swim, or at least a paddle anyway. Back then, we weren't allowed to ride the dirt bikes without a grownup with us, so we'd have to walk, and climb over a few fences. Jason couldn't be bothered coming with us, so after lunch, Matty and I set out on our own.

'When we got there, it still wasn't very deep, only like shin deep at most, but we didn't care, we were happy to just splash around. You see, the house water was all supplied by a rain water tank, and if it didn't rain, my uncle had to buy the water to fill it. So we hardly ever got to play with the hose or anything, and got used to having quick showers and stuff, so the chance to splash around in the water on a hot day was quite exciting.

'But before we got in, Matt stopped me, and said "I dare ya to pee your pants in front of me!" I didn't mind, and told him that I would if he would, so we agreed to do it. I was wearing really short pink shorts, and he was wearing an old pair of his grey school shorts, and I went first. It definitely wasn't the first time I'd wet myself in front of him, that's for sure, but it was the first time I was going to do it on purpose, and it felt kind of weird.

'But I did it! I spread my legs wide and pissed, and thoroughly soaked my little pink shorts, and peed all over my legs and feet. I still remember him standing there almost in awe watching me do it!'

'My God,' Gemma said, 'What did he do? Was he excited?'

'He was only eleven Gem. I don't think he was capable of actually getting excited, at least not like that! But he was certainly interested, that's for sure! So I finished, and told him it was his turn, so he stood still, but didn't spread his legs or anything, and let go. The next thing I saw was this big round wet spot appear on his shorts, then he had pee running down his legs. It was amazing!

'Now I don't like to say I got turned on at twelve by my own cousin wetting his pants, but I've never forgotten it though. It made me feel all tingly, and for the first time in my life, wet pants weren't just something to deal with, but somehow they were something special all of a sudden. It's kinda hard to describe in a way. We'd both wet ourselves in front of each other before, we both wore diapers to bed together, and I'd even deliberately wet my diaper just that same morning to make him feel better, and I'd never thought anything of it before. But suddenly, watching him deliberately wetting in those grey shorts, it kind of took my breath away. I think he must've felt something as well, because we never did it again, and we stopped talking about it as much as well. It was like all of a sudden we'd crossed a line somewhere, and we sorta knew it, so we didn't feel completely right about going there again.'

'But what about your night nappys?' Crystal asked. 'You must've still talked about them! You said he wet the bed until he was thirteen or something, so you guys must've still worn them around each other!'

'We did. We had to. And yeah, we'd still mention it at times, and admit it if we were wet or something, but we kinda stopped just accepting it somehow. After that day, it just started to become a bit taboo. I think that was the last visit that I slept in the same room with the boys as well. I slept in the spare room on our future visits.'

'Did it affect your relationship with him?' Gemma asked.

Toni pondered that for a moment.

'No, not really. We've always got along so well, mostly because we liked the same things.'

Her voice became mock-serious for a moment, and in a very dry tone she explained, 'Now I know you guys may find this a bit difficult to believe, but I was actually a bit of a tomboy back then. I realise that now you probably wouldn't pick it, but I've never been a very "girlie" girl. Strange, huh?'

Gemma and Crystal both laughed aloud at that. The heavily tattooed and pierced lesbian sitting with them sounded so serious, like she was making a secret confession.

'We've always been close, closer than I was with Jason. I mean Jase is my cousin, and I love him, but Matt and I always clicked. It was usually the pair of us running around playing boy games like soldiers, or cops and robbers, while Jase was more inclined to stay inside and read a book. When we were a bit older, and were allowed to take the dirt bikes out without an adult, Matt and I would piss off for hours, and sometimes Jase would come with us, but he'd often just stay home.

'So did you ever wet yourself in front of Matt again? Like by accident or anything?' Gemma inquired.

'Yeah, a few times. Especially riding the bikes. It wasn't unusual for me to end up with a bit of a wet bum after a big ride. But we'd just kinda skirt around it. I'd tell him my pants were wet, and he'd definitely look, but we never did it on purpose again.'

'So what happened to your cousins? Do you still see 'em?' Crystal seemed interested.

'Not as much. Matt joined the navy, and he's posted up in Sydney, and Jason is going to Uni. Studying law I think. I still see my aunt and uncle sometimes, but I haven't been to the farm for a long time now.

Crystal yawned. 'It's funny how our childhood problems made us turn out like we did,' she said through another yawn. 'But man, I am ready for bed!'

She turned and smiled shyly at Toni.

'Are you?' She coyly asked.

Toni smiled back. 'I am baby, but only if you're really sure. I don't mind crashing here on the couch. Really.'

'Im sure Tone. I want you to come with me. Besides, I just wet myself, and I think I need my diaper changed.'

*042*2016-09-22 14:33

Chapter 20:

Toni and Crystal got up, and Crystal staggered a bit, causing Toni to grab her arm and steady her.

'Man I'm whacked. That's good pot!' Crystal murmured to no one in particular.

They said their good nights to Gemma, who suppressed a smile as Crystal bumped into the wall on her way out. Gemma couldn't help but worry about her a little bit, knowing her friend was not only still a virgin, but had only just discovered her attraction to a same-sex partner. But there was not much she could do about it. Her friend was a consenting adult, and had in fact more than consented, she had insisted on Toni's presence in her bed, and although Toni was only a very recent aquaintice, Gemmas instincts told her that Toni was a good person, and wouldn't do anything to hurt her friend.

'At least one of us is finally making some progress in the relationship stakes,' she thought to herself, 'I'm getting bloody sick of being single!'

It only took a few minutes to clean up, then she helped herself to another cone, brushed her teeth, and headed off to bed. It was on the way past Crystals room when the realisation that she would probably wet the bed struck her. It happened a lot when she'd been drinking, and she had certainly drunk a lot that night. Plus the pot she'd smoked would almost guarantee her an uninterrupted nights sleep, even if she needed to pee during the night, she wouldn't wake up. She paused outside her friends room, and considered knocking, just to ask for a diaper, but in the end she decided not to.

She would let Crystal have all the privacy she needed for her first, full, sexual encounter, even if it meant that her own sheets would end up soaked. She resigned herself to doing more laundry tomorrow, but decided it was a small price to pay. 'Thank God for my rubber sheet' she thought as she crawled into bed, and after the room spun around a couple of times, she fell into a deep, dreamless sleep, almost akin to a coma.

Meanwhile, in Crystals room, there was excitement in the air, but also nervousness. Toni was excited, but wanted to make sure that her new girlfriend was indeed sober enough to make a sensible choice. She would never forgive herself if tomorrow, Crystal felt violated because her judgement had been too impaired to make the correct choice.

'Are you sure you want to do this Cris? You've been drinking. We don't have to do anything tonight, we can wait for another day when we're both more sober.'

'Listen Toni. This is my first time. Not just with a girl, but with anyone, got it? I'm scared as hell, and I needed to have a few drinks to calm my nerves. Yes, I've prolly had a couple of extra ones, but I don't think I could get my nerve up without a drink or two. Or six. Or whatever.'

She smiled at Toni, and reached out for her hands, and Toni noticed that although Crystal was slurring a bit, her eyes were clear, and she was completely aware of everything she was saying and doing, so she smiled back, and stopped arguing.

'Toni,' Crystal continued, I'm nervous, I'm scared, but I'm not confused. I want to do this, and I want to do it with you. Tonight. Now. I want you to be my first. Will you?'

'Yes Crystal, I will, willingly, because I really want to as well.'

With that, she drew the younger girl towards her, and they kissed, lightly at first, then with more passion, and within seconds they were exploring each other's tongues with their own. They pushed their bodies firmly against each other, and could feel each other's erect nipples rubbing against their own breasts, while their hands reached around each other, squeezing the others diapered backside.

They stopped kissing, and pulled back, both breathing deeply. Crystal smiled at Toni, giggled softly, and sang in a quiet voice, 'I kissed a girl and liked it...' Causing Toni to giggle as well.

Crystal looked shyly away, then added in a small, almost embarrassed voice, 'I was serious you know. I wet myself, and I want you to change me.'

Toni was admittedly a bit surprised. She had assumed her friend had been joking.

'What? You really wet yourself? I thought you were kidding! Did you have an accident?'

'No Tone, it wasn't an accident. I was sitting there listening to your story, and I needed to pee again, but I was pretty wasted, and the trip to the loo just seemed like too much of an effort, so I did it in my pants. I think all of the talk tonight about all three of us deliberately wetting ourselves sorta worked me up a bit, and I just felt naughty. I was kinda hoping you'd help me change?'

'There's nothing I'd like more,' Toni replied, and led the girl the necessary four steps to the bed, where she held her arms, and gently lowered her down. Crystal didn't argue, but sat down willingly, feeling her warm, wet diaper squish slightly beneath her buttocks.

Toni treated her like she would an infant, using one hand to gently raise her legs onto the bed, while using her other hand to slowly lower Crystals head onto the pillow. Once she was laying down, Toni simply asked, 'Ready?'

The smile she received in reply was all the response she needed.

Crystal was wearing long, flannel pyjamas. While that might sound frumpy to some, Toni thought she looked incredibly cute in them. They were pink in colour, with brightly coloured zoo animals decorating them all over, and looked like something a cute little child might wear, especially with the bright red socks she wore. It was an intoxicating combination of innocence, cuteness, and sexiness, all rolled into one.

Speaking as if she would to a child, Toni reached down and gently patted her hip.

'Bum up! Let's get that wet nappy off you then!'

Crystal complied immediately, planting her feet momentarily for purchase, then raising her bottom off the bed. Toni smiled at her, then took hold of the elastic waistband of her pants, and gently pulled them down, slowly revealing her adult pull up for an audience of one. Toni held her by her socked feet, and lifted her legs, admittedly with a bit of help from Crystal herself, then slowly and gently pulled her pants completely down, and eventually freeing her feet.

She took a moment to just look, admiring the beautiful girl with the long brown hair, big brown eyes, pink top, bright red socks, and a puffy looking diaper that was a bit discoloured in its swollen crotch area.

For the second time in as many moments, Toni's hands, now trembling slightly, grabbed the waistband of Crystals clothing, only this time, it was a diaper that she'd taken hold of. This was the moment of truth, and she didn't know what to expect. She gingerly reached for the tear away elastic on the left hand side, and gently ripped it in half, before repeating the procedure on the right side, freeing the front flap. She found herself holding her breath, as she reached for the front of it, which was now just sitting loose on Crystals vagina. She used both hands to pull it down, finally revealing Crystals maidenhood, finding it completely bare, without a single hair to be seen anywhere, and looking as smooth as a baby's bottom.

There was a towel on the bed, and after another light tap, this time on the bare skin of Crystals hip, and another encouraging 'Bum up,' Crystal again raised her hips, and Toni pulled the soaked nappy out from underneath her impending lover, and slid the towel under her naked backside, the pushing her gently down onto it.

There was a packet of wet wipes and a tin of baby powder beside the bed, almost as if this had been a pre-planned idea of Crystals, and Toni pulled out a single wipe, and gently caressed Crystals most private area with it.

Toni worked slowly, using one wipe at a time, working her way from the outside in, starting at the very junction of leg and pubic bone, then moving in a bit closer to the centre with each stroke. She used fresh wipes constantly, liking how Crystal flinched slightly at their cool, moist caress. She wiped the area directly below her tummy, then worked down, once again falling maddeningly close to the glistening void in the middle, but never quite touching it.

'Roll over.' Toni murmured, and while Crystal uttered a frustrated sound, she did as she was told.

More wipes, more wiping. First one cheek, then the other, again working from the outside towards the middle. Toni admired Crystals backside, it was firm, and pert, with her cheeks tight and toned. Eventually she arrived at the parting, and she didn't hesitate, but using a couple of wipes instead of just one, she slowly and gently inserted her fingers into the crevasse, and gently wiped and rubbed at every available surface, taking her time, and using many wipes in the process, while Crystal started to buck and moan, grinding her pelvis into the bedding.

Again, 'Turn over,' was muttered, so she did, leaving a very visible wet spot where her girl parts had been rubbing, and it glistened on the bed in a way that pee did not.

There was only one spot left to wipe, and Toni took her time. The wipes contained lanolin, and Crystals already smooth skin became almost impossibly smooth, and smelt so sweet as well, although with a somewhat salty smell hiding beneath the scent of the wipes.

At last, all the exterior surfaces had been wiped and touched, and the only bit left to do, was more internal, and Toni wouldn't use a wipe in there.

The bedside table also had a tube of lubricant conveniently sitting on it, (How lucky! Toni thought.) and after smearing some on her fingers, she gently probed deeper than she had done with the wipes.

It didn't take long for Crystal to start moaning with pleasure, and in less than two minutes, she was thrusting her hips violently upwards in an effort to take as much as Toni's fingers as she could. Toni watched lovingly as Crystals skin broke into a sheen of perspiration, and goose bumps ran up her arms, with her fine little arm hairs standing upright. Crystal bucked, moaned, twisted, and jerked, before biting into the arm of her pyjama top in a supreme effort not to scream at the top of her lungs as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her, eventually leaving her almost spent on top of the rumpled sheets, with her hair in complete disarray from the way her head had been flung around.

'Thank you,' she said, when she finally regained her breath.

Toni kissed her on the tip of her nose.

'Anytime baby,' she smiled, 'but now it's my turn. My diapers wet......'

*046*2016-09-23 23:31

{{8 hours ago, Gemmy said:

Yay a story about me

}}

Lol. I always enjoy your posts and contributions Gemmy. You provide a lot of, *ahem, "inspiration."

Hope your enjoying the story.

While I realise that you're probably just referencing the similarities in names, can you identify yourself with any of the characters? After all, you seem to share some certain interests with them, based on your posts that I've read.

*049*2016-09-30 12:42

Chapter 21:

Gemma was in the process of transferring her freshly washed sheets and pyjamas from the washer to the dryer when Crystal finally emerged, carrying a large bundle of her own washing.

'You too huh?' Crystal asked.

'Yeah. Again. I nearly knocked on your door to borrow a diaper last night, but I didn't want to disturb the passion.'

'Idiot!' Crystal replied. 'You shoulda just knocked! I would've given you a nappy. I probably should've suggested it myself, but I was thinking of other things.....' She let her voice trail off, as she stuffed her wet bedding into the washing machine.

Gemma laughed. 'Sooooo, what was it like?' she whispered. 'Are you guys now an item, or what?' She couldn't suppress her grin as she asked.

'SHHHH!" Crystal hissed. "Toni's getting dressed! She'll hear you!' Crystal tried her best to sound strict and serious, but her own giggle gave her away. Keeping her voice low, she replied, 'It went really well, thanks for asking, but I have no further comment to make at this time.'

'Bitch.' Gemma replied, causing them to erupt in fits of laughter.

Their mood was interrupted by an opening door. Toni was emerging from the bathroom, trying to towel her hair dry, and was already dressed in her jeans and pullover from last night. Her usual air of self confidence seemed to be absent at present, and she looked almost shy when she greeted Gemma almost sheepishly with a quietly spoken 'Good morning.'

Gemma couldn't help herself. Making an effort to be extremely bubbly, in a totally theatrical way, she replied, 'Morning Toni. I'm glad you're alive! Not every man, woman or donkey manages to emerge unscathed from this wild woman's dungeon. She usually feasts on their corpses for breakfast, after she's drained them dry, so I'm happy you're still with us in one piece.'

'Oh my God, you're such a bitch!' Crystal screamed, throwing a sock off the laundry floor at her friend, who squealed with laughter, and ducked out of the way of the hastily thrown missile with ease, giving her friend "The Bird" as she did so.

Toni had to laugh at their byplay. It was obvious that stirring each other up was an integral part of their relationship, and she understood that she wasn't being targeted in any way.

'Yeah, I'm still here. But only just. You're friend's a bit of an animal Gemma. She's wild when she goes off!'

Crystal shrieked in frustration when she couldn't find another sock, or indeed anything close at hand to throw at Toni, and both Toni and Gemma laughed good naturedly at her.

The three girls had a big breakfast of bacon and eggs, went to the cafe for a late coffee, and found they worked well as a group. Although Crystal and Toni sat together, and showed all the signs of a couple in the early stages of a loving relationship, Toni's presence in no way came between Gemma and Crystals own friendship. If anything, she complimented it.

After that morning, Toni's presence became a common thing at the girls apartment. Toni stilled lived with her parents, and while they couldn't have any doubts on their daughters sexuality, and loved her dearly regardless, Toni just couldn't bring herself to take another woman home to stay the night. She had taken Crystal home to meet her parents only two weeks after they had first started dating, and while her parents had easily understood the depth of Toni's relationship with the other girl, and in no way disapproved, Toni didn't feel right sleeping with another girl under their roof.

She stayed at the apartment at least three or four nights a week, and the three girls often went out together, at least when they could all afford to, and that wasn't as often as the two younger girls would have preferred. But even if they stayed home, they would play cards or board games, perhaps turn on the PlayStation, drink cheap wine, watch romantic comedies, and laugh a lot.

Generally, they got on fine, and after a few weeks, they were all used to each other's quirks. Although Toni was there a lot, she never got in the way, and was never an imposition. In fact, it was usually her bringing the wine or perhaps a cake to snack on.

The only times things got a bit strained, were on the occasions when Crystal and Toni were going out, as in night clubbing or for a meal for example. They never liked leaving Gemma home alone, but she understood that they needed their own time away from her as well. After all, they were in a relationship with each other, and not with her, and as good a friends as they might be, she certainly didn't enjoy being the "Third Wheel" on their date nights. On one such occasion, Toni took them to a gay bar, and while Gemma had enjoyed herself, she spent a lot of time fending off the advances of other girls, and felt that she was getting in the way of her friends having a good time because she didn't want to dance or anything because of the unwanted attention she received. It was the same if Crystal and Toni went out for a meal. They always invited Gemma along as well, but she felt like she should decline, because they needed their own time alone together.

'I really need a boyfriend!' Gemma remarked to them after the three of them arrived home one night, after a big pub crawl. They were all pretty drunk, and by the time the taxi had dropped them off, they had all experienced some form of wetting incident over the last few hours. Toni and Crystal were diapered, and Toni had wet herself at the last pub they were at, Crystal had not quite made it to the toilet earlier, leaking a bit in her nappy as she stood in line at a nightclub, and Gemma had sneezed, giving her black pants a thankfully invisible wet patch between her legs. They had all been busting to go again when the taxi had pulled up, and Toni and Crystal had been forced to use their diapers on purpose so the very desperate and leaking Gemma could scurry into the toilet first.

Now, with all three of them wearing clean nappys under their pyjamas, and sitting around having a last glass of wine and sharing a joint or two before going to bed, Gemma had blurted out her need for a boyfriend as she watched her friends snuggling up together on the couch. She had taken to wearing diapers to bed again on a regular basis, at least on weekends when she was drinking. It not only saved a lot of extra washing, but she found that she enjoyed wearing them now, just as much as she had when she was a little girl. The grownup ones were fairly expensive though, so for budgetary reasons, she restricted herself to only wearing when she was drinking, and stuck with wearing her pantie liners for the rest of the time. She had measured her waist, and thought that she could probably still fit into the larger sized kids pull ups, but realised that while they would be nice to wear, almost nostalgic in fact, they definitely wouldn't be able to handle a drunken grownups output.

'Well why don't you try a bit harder?' Crystal remarked. 'You refused to let that guy in the suit buy you a drink, and he looked nice!'

'Fuck Cris! He was at least thirty five! I'm not looking for a sugar daddy!'

'Well what about that blonde guy you danced with? He was our age. It looked like he liked you?'

'You mean the guy who smelled all sweaty with the dirty fingernails, or the guy with the swastika tattooed on the back of his hand?' Gemma asked sweetly.

'Oh shit. Didn't see that,' Crystal replied.

'It's none of my business,' Toni said, 'But I think Crissies kinda right in a way. You're a beautiful girl Gem, and every time we go out you attract a lot of attention from the fellas, but you don't respond real well to many of them. Surely you're not that picky are you? By the way, I'm not suggesting you should hook up with swastika guy or anything!'

Gemma laughed. 'I'm not being picky Tone. But my incontinence is a part of it. By the time we were dancing at the pub, my slacks were already a bit wet, and it feels kinda strange trying to talk nicely to boys when I've wet myself!'

'Why not wear a pull up?' Crystal suggested.

'Oh yeah. That's a much better idea ya dork! I'll go back to a guys place with a wet nappy on instead of wet knickers, that'll really seal the deal, won't it?'

Crystal laughed, but blushed as well, realising now that a diaper might not be such a great idea after all. But Toni had gone quiet, and appeared to be deep in thought. She appeared to be making her mind up about something.

'Gemmy, I don't usually try and play the matchmaker, but what if I told you that I knew a guy who might be perfect for you? He's a really good mate of mine, single, good looking, got his own business, he's our age, and he'd kill me for actually saying this, but he kinda likes wetting and diapers. He's not a freaky weirdo or anything, but he's just kinda like us, he gets a kick out of it. He's a real sweetie as well, wouldn't hurt a fly, and he's very nice.'

'Thanks but no thanks.' Gemma replied. 'I know I said that my wetting problem made it hard, but I don't wanna go out with someone just because they like that sort of thing either! I've read what a lot of those freaks say online, you know, about how much they'd love to have a girlfriend who wets for them and stuff, and they all sound pretty desperate. I mean, how would you ever know if your boyfriend actually liked you, or just liked you because you wet your pants? I don't want to judge him of course, I mean I couldn't, could I? Not after we've all agreed that we like it! I'd be a real hypocrite! But those diaper loving guys just come across as kinda needy people. Just ask Bed Wetting Princess over there!'

But Toni wouldn't drop it that easily. 'Yeah, I'm hearing you mate, but you're not thinking clearly. You'd be at an advantage to start with! You already know that he likes it, but you don't have to tell him that you do it! Not at the start, anyway. All I'm saying, is I could hook you up for a double date with us, I won't tell him anything about your wetting problems, and we just go out! If it turns out that he likes you as you are, you can tell him at a later date about your incontinence, and be comfortable that he's not gonna run off screaming. It's a win-win situation for you! If you don't like him at the start, you never have to see him again, you don't have to tell him anything embarrassing, but if you do, he won't freak out! Whaddya say? I think it's a great plan! What do you think Cris?'

'Are you talking about Dave?' Crystal looked incredulous. 'That nice guy I met last week? Does he like wetting? You never told me that!'

'Well I'm not in the habit of discussing my friends sexual kinks with other friends, am I? I never told him about you liking it, or being a bed wetter, even though I know he would have been interested!'

Crystal looked suitably abashed. 'Point taken Toni. It just surprised me, that's all.'

Turning to Gemma, Crystal spoke excitedly. 'She's not exaggerating Gem. I met him last week. His names Dave, and he seems really nice! He's a big, good looking guy, and he's a builder or something,'

'Granno worker.' Toni corrected.

'Yeah. Concreter. But he's a real hunk! A big, muscly sort of guy, but pretty quiet though, at least he seemed like that anyway. But he had nice manners, seems pretty smart, and he's not on himself at all. Toni's right! I reckon you'd like him! You should let her hook you up! Come on! It'll be fun! The four of us can go out on a date, and it won't be awkward. You don't have to marry him, just go out and check him out. Like Tone said, at least you'd know from the start that he won't be freaky about your incontinence!'

Gemma was shaking her head, but had a wry smile. 'Wow. Ganging up on me now, aren't youse? I hate being set up with blind dates, but I gotta admit, you guys make him sound alright! But if he's so bloody nice, why's he single? He's not an axe murderer or something is he?'

Toni laughed. 'No Gem. He just hasn't found the right person yet. He stays home a lot, because he's trying to save money to build his house, and he's not into the whole clubbing scene. But I'll be honest with you as well. He likes wetting and stuff, and wants a girlfriend whose like into it as well, and that's not easy to find. He's had a couple of girlfriends in the past who weren't into it, and their relationships didn't last. It's why I think he'd be a good match for you! He's only a few years older, he's probably my best mate, and I just know you two would like each other! What do ya say? Give it a go? I can call or see him tomorrow, and we'll all go out for dinner next Saturday night! It'll be awesome!'

Crystal joined in. 'Come on Gemmy! Let Toni do it! One date. That's all. Give it a go. You're always moaning about not having a boyfriend, and Dave is perfect for you, really he is!'

Gemma felt her resolve weakening. She would normally refuse any offer of a blind date, but since Crystal had met him and approved.......

'So what's he look like? Does he have two heads or anything?' She asked with a grin.

Quick as a flash, Toni produced her phone, and opened her photo album. She only had to scroll for a few seconds before she issued a triumphant grunt.

'See for yourself,' she replied, passing the phone over. 'There's a few of him on there, scroll through a bit.'

Gemma tentatively took the phone, and was immediately impressed with what she saw. The first picture showed a tall, muscular looking guy, with dirty coloured blonde hair done in dreadlocks, wearing a polo style shirt and ripped Levi's. The next showed him wearing work shorts and a singlet, his arms large around the biceps. Scrolling down, she found one of him and Toni at the beach, Dave shirtless, arm around Toni's shoulder, with an impressive six pack on display.

'Okay, he is pretty hot.' Gemma admitted, handing the phone back. 'But I'm still not sure about this. It feels kinda weird knowing that this guy is gonna be turned on if I piss myself.'

'What? Weirder than me telling you?' Crystal asked.

Gemma, half drunk and feeling off balance by the barrage of opinions, couldn't come up with a decent rebuttal. In the end, she sighed and shrugged her shoulders.

'Okay, fine. You know what? Do it! Set it up for next week. I'll go, just to shut the pair of you up.'

She tried not to laugh, but was unsuccessful when Toni and Crystal gave each other an exuberant high five, both shouting "Yeeessss!"

*051*2016-10-01 00:53

Chapter 22:

7:00pm Monday night found Toni leaving her parents house, carrying a six pack of beer, and walking perhaps 300 meters down the street, where she turned into a driveway, opened the gate, and proceeded to the granny flat in the backyard, where the door was already open, and the sound of AC/DC was playing from inside. She knocked once, then without waiting for a reply, opened the door, letting herself in.

Dave was laying on the couch, comfortably dressed in sweatpants and T-shirt, bare feet hanging over one end, watching AC/DC playing a live concert on TV. Toni swatted his feet, making him groan in pretend pain, as he slowly swung his legs down, freeing up a space for her to sit.

'Jesus. Can't a man relax?' Dave asked ruefully. 'Been working hard today ya know!' But he soon softened up when Toni pulled a cold can from her six pack and handed it to him.

'You're getting old,' she informed him. 'Its only early, and you're nearly asleep on the couch! Wake up, old man.'

'Pleased to see you too,' Dave replied, opening his beer and taking three long swallows, then burping. 'Man! That's better!'

'Youve got no manners,' Toni giggled. 'I don't know why I bother with you!'

'Well,' he said, 'I'm guessing it's because you want something. At least from what I could gather on the phone.'

'Wrong, smartarse. I don't want anything. Well, not really. Just wondering what you're doing this Saturday night?'

'Jesus Tone. That's years away! I didn't know what I was doing tonight until you rang! But at this stage, I've got no plans, nothing major anyway. The guys are talking about going to the casino, but I'm not that keen. At least not yet anyway.'

'Good!' Toni declared. 'You're coming out with me and Crystal instead. I've finally managed to hook you up with a date!'

Dave took another swig of beer. 'No thanks Tone. I appreciate the offer, but I've toldya before, I'm not interested in going out with any of your gay friends. Not after the Candy episode.'

Toni shrieked with laughter. 'You didn't exactly "go out" with Candy, if you remember. I thought you knew she was Trans. Not my fault you decided to make a move on her while I was in the loo!'

Dave shuddered at the memory. 'Scared the hell out of me, that did. But I will admit, she is good looking!'

Toni was laughing even harder. 'Oh man! The look on your face! I've never seen you so white!'

Speaking dryly, he said 'Believe me, it was a shock for all of us.....'

'Well forget Candy! I've got you a date with a real girl! We're gonna double, me and Crissy, with you and Gemma!'

'Whoa whoa whoa! Who, or what, is "Gemma?" Don't get ahead of yourself here Toni. I don't do blind dates. You know that.'

'Trust me D-Man. You're gonna want to go on this one. It's not a set up, just a really nice, pretty, young girl.'

'What? She got two heads or something?' Dave replied, unknowingly echoing Gemmas comment about him, causing Toni to choke on her drink.

'No, dickhead! She happens to be Crystals flat mate. They've been friends since they were kids, and before you ask, yes, she's straight.'

Dave pulled two more beers from the six pack, and handed her one.

'Thanks for the offer and the info buddy, but no. I don't do blind dates, you know that.'

'This is exactly why you should though. You sound just like her, almost word for word. Me and Crissy had to almost hold a gun to her head to finally make her agree to it. I'm gonna tell you the same thing we told her. One date. That's all. You give up a few hours of one night, in which you're only going to be losing money at the casino, or staying home and playing with yourself anyway, probably moaning about how much you wished you had a girlfriend. That's all you've got to lose.'

'Its just the whole "blind date" thing Toni. It's kinda uncomfortable, you know? Feels weird, and it sorta puts extra pressure on, like the two of us are expected to live up to each other's expectations 'cos we've been "recommended' for each other. I think it makes the date even more awkward than usual.

'Anyway, not that I'm interested mind you, but who exactly is Gemma, apart from Crystals friend? I mean what's her story, is she getting over a bad break up or something, cause I really don't like sympathy rebound dates, particularly if there's a jealous ex involved.'

'Nothing like that at all, D-man. She's got no baggage, she's not a nutcase, she's actually really pretty, but she's a lot like you, just a bit lonely, especially since I've been dating Crissy. She doesn't like just tagging along with us all the time, and she's sick of staying home. Gem doesn't earn a lot of money, so she doesn't go out a lot, and she's a very genuine, nice person, she just doesn't get to meet a lot of fellas.'

Toni could tell that despite his protests, Daves interest had been piqued.

'And she's pretty, you say?'

'Very pretty. Here, see for yourself.' The phone came out, and soon she was showing him some photos of Gemma.

Dave whistled softly at the first one. It showed a girl with slightly dark skin, long black hair, wearing a short black dress with black heels. Scrolling forward the next shot was of the same girl, wearing denim cut offs and a singlet, standing barefoot in a kitchen, distracted by cooking something, not realising that her photo was being taken. Another shot, of the same girl in dressy jeans and shirt, mugging for the camera with her arm around Crystal, obviously taken just before going out, virtually sealed the deal. Physically she was extremely pretty, nice boobs, cute bum, narrow waist and long legs. But it was her smile that attracted him the most. The photo had captured a certain fun loving innocence about her. Her eyes were flashing, her smile was wide, and she just looked so happy and at ease, with no pretensiousness about her at all.

'And you're telling me that this little honey is still single?' Dave asked. 'How old is she? She's not underage or anything, surely?'

'Nope. Gemmas twenty, same as Crissy. No ex to worry about, no baggage, got her own place, and is very mature for her age. She likes a drink, I'll give her that, but she's not like a real piss-head or anything. She's like you. Just a bit lonely!'

Dave drained his beer, and pulled the last two out, again passing one to Toni, who had no trouble keeping up with him, even though they were drinking quite quickly.

'Well knowing you as well as I do, my little gay friend, I'm guessing that by now you've already done this exact same routine with her, like with pictures of me and stuff, and she's willing to go?'

Toni grinned. 'Gemma was kinda unsure, especially when she saw how butt-ugly you are, and with your obvious mental deficiencies and stuff, but I guess she must've felt kinda sorry for you. She said if the care facility that you must live in will let you out for awhile, then she'd go out with you once, like a sympathy kind of date I guess!'

'Bitch!' Dave laughed. 'Never miss, do ya?'

'Its my job to keep you grounded, D-man,' she replied with a grin.

'Soooo, what would we do then, like what's the plan?' He asked tentatively.

Toni was positively beaming with delight. 'Got him!' She thought.

'Saturday night. I thought we might keep it simple. A beer at Clancy's, you know, the pub on the restaurant strip? Then we have a choice of places to go, and lots of pubs and clubs around for later! So, say 6:30 at Clancy's then!'

That seemed to finalise it in her mind. Toni was holding her hand out, wanting to shake on it. It went against all his normal beliefs and logic, but he found himself smiling ruefully, shaking his head, then extending his hand to shake with Toni.

'I really don't believe I'm doing this,' he muttered. 'I must be going fucking mad!'

Toni laughed. 'Relax big guy! Trust me! It'll be fun! Now, where's your beer, mines all gone!'

