Double Desperation (male and female desp)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-18 13:14

This story is loosely based on a true experience I had when I was 18. It was a normal school day, except that on this particular day we were required to dress smartly for a church service we had to attend in the morning. Also, this was the day when I had a 2 hour lesson of ICT (computer class) in the afternoon. I was wearing a suit jacket, shirt and tie, and dark trousers which were pretty close fitting.

The morning was uneventful and pretty boring. I remember feeling thirsty after the service and buying a litre bottle of fruit drink from a shop in town. After the end of lunch break, around 1.30pm, I was waiting outside the ICT classroom when I felt an urge to piss. I’d drunk most of the fruit drink I bought at lunch and about half of my 500ml water bottle, and hadn’t relieved myself since waking up at 7.30 that morning. ‘Ah shit’ I thought, realising that I wouldn’t get chance to go until at least 2.30pm, and that’s if I was lucky!

I sat down in the classroom next to a girl named Laura. She was blonde and very cute, with curves in all the right places. She always seemed to be in a good mood, and was the sort of person you could talk for hours with and never get bored or run out of things to say. We were pretty good friends, and she was looking good in a tight fitting white shirt, short black skirt and black tights with black flat shoes. As we chatted while waiting for the teacher, I became increasingly aware of my bladder filling up, and I really wished I hadn’t drunk so much liquid earlier in the day. It was gonna be a long lesson that’s for sure.

We were on the computers for the first hour of the lesson. I was sat with Laura in the corner, helping her with a spreadsheet. Half way into the lesson and I was jiggling my knees around every few seconds, with my ankles crossed underneath my chair. I really had to piss, and my need was steadily increasing with every passing minute. I was finding it difficult to concentrate fully on my work, and I kept glancing at the clock. Time seemed to have slowed to a crawl.

15 minutes left of the first hour and I was jiggling my legs like crazy. All the liquid I’d consumed throughout the day (the computer room was quite warm, so by now I’d finished my litre bottle of juice and most of my 500ml bottle of water, hoping that it wasn’t going to go straight to my bladder) was slowly but surely filling my bladder up, and I could feel the pressure against the waistband of my trousers. I was biting my lip and trying not to stare at the clock, as every time I looked hardly any time had passed. I also noticed Laura had gone unusually quiet. I sneaked a glance at her and noticed that her legs were tightly crossed right over left, and occasionally she’d jiggle her right leg up and down ever so slightly. Just as I was wondering whether she had to go too, she suddenly uncrossed her legs, glanced around at the clock, then at our teacher, then sighed and recrossed her legs the other way while looking back at her screen.

‘God I hope Mrs Davies lets us out for a few minutes soon, I’m bursting for a wee’ she said quietly. I immediately felt myself getting turned on, and I blushed as I admitted to her ‘Yeah, me too, I’ve been dying to go since lunch’. She glanced down at my jiggling legs and grinned at me. ‘Yeah I can see that’ she said, ‘when did you last go?’ I blushed again, not quite believing I was chatting to her about something I’m usually so shy about. ‘Um… when I woke up. How about you?’ I asked quietly. She giggled and said ‘Same here, I haven’t had chance to go, because of the church thing and stuff’. I felt my erection growing in my pants, and I discreetly rested an arm over my lap to hide it. ‘So, what if she doesn’t let us go?’ I asked carefully, not wanting to sound too interested. Laura smiled at me again ‘Shut up’ she said jokingly, ‘I don’t even want to think about it. She’s bound to let us out, she usually does anyway’. ‘Yeah, I hope so’ I agreed.

Finally, it was 2.30pm. Usually, this would mean a quick break, which would give me (and Laura) a chance to piss. The bell rang, and we glanced at our teacher expectantly. ‘Ok guys, log off the computers please’ she said to the class. We stood up and walked to the centre of the room where the desks were (the computers were situated around the edge of the room and our desks were in the middle). As I stood behind my desk, I noticed Laura crossing her legs tightly, leaning forward onto her chair. She was staring intently at our teacher, and I caught her biting her lip for a second. Damn, she was really bursting. Now I was stood up I couldn’t jiggle my knees about, so instead I leaned into my chair, resting it over my dick and shifted my weight from one foot to the other as discreetly as I could. My bladder was sending urgent signals that it needed to be emptied, and soon. The knowledge that I was gonna be able to piss in a couple of minutes wasn’t helping in the slightest.

‘Ok guys, I told you last week that you’d have a test today on Units 1 and 2..’ she was interrupted by the moans and groans of the class. ‘… so I hope you’ve all revised. The test will last one hour, can someone hand out the papers please?’ Shit, how could I have forgot? I glanced across at Laura, who still had her legs tightly crossed and was staring at Mrs Davies in dismay. She caught my eye and grimaced, and I just shook my head and bit my lip. ‘Can everyone take seats around the room please, don’t sit too close to each other, I don’t want any cheating’ our teacher called out. I moved towards the back of the room, and Laura followed.

‘Oh my god…’ she laughed quietly as she came towards me. ‘I know’ I replied ‘I really need a piss’. ‘Me toooo’ she moaned, bobbing up and down slightly on the spot. She glanced at the clock, then at Mrs Davies. ‘Back in a sec’ she said, and hurried towards the teacher. I took a seat at the back of the classroom, squeezing my dick tightly for a moment, as luckily there was nobody sat nearby. I saw Laura speaking quietly with Mrs Davies, and although I couldn’t hear the conversation, I saw Mrs Davies shake her head sympathetically. Laura turned around and walked back towards me, and I saw that she was blushing, which I’d never seen her do before.

She sat down a couple of seats away from me, immediately crossing her legs, and whispered ‘She said I’d just have to wait until half three’. She looked upset, and although I was feeling a fierce need to urinate myself, I began to feel sorry for her. ‘Shit’ I whispered back, jiggling my knees violently. Laura smiled at me, although I could see the urgency in her eyes. ‘Did you study for the test?’ she asked. I shook my head ‘No, did you?’ She laughed and shook her head, then moaned ever so softly, fidgeting her crossed legs up and down. ‘Ohhh God I’m bursting’ she whispered to herself, biting her lip and looking up at the ceiling. I was so turned on, both by my own desperation and Laura’s, that all I couldn’t even reply.

The test papers were handed out, and as I glanced through it I realised I knew most of the answers. The only problem I had was concentrating, as I was incredibly distracted by my own urgent need for relief, and the plight of the sexy, bursting girl sitting a few seats away from me. I tried to focus on the questions and put the other stuff out of my mind. The room was silent aside from the gentle whirring of computer fans, and every minute or so I’d hear a rustling of tights or a quiet moan, and I’d glance up and see Laura squirming about in her seat. Of course, I was fidgeting as well. I was sat right up against the computer desk with my ankles crossed beneath my chair, sitting right on the edge of the seat, jiggling my legs like crazy. I couldn’t sit still at all.

3pm. Just half an hour left. By now I was nearly at the end of the test, but was finding it almost impossible to concentrate. I was gritting my teeth against the pain of my swollen bladder, and I wished my trousers weren’t so tight. I was having to grab my dick every few minutes to help hold on when a particularly strong urge hit me. At first, I was worried about Laura noticing, but I soon realised that her attention was completely focused on both the test and her bladder. She had adopted a similar pose to me – she was sat right on the edge of her seat with her legs underneath her, crossed at the ankles.

While my thighs were apart, hers were pushed tightly together, and I could hear the sound of her tights rubbing together as she squirmed around. Her face was flushed, either from embarrassment, the warm room, the pressure in her bladder, or a combination of the three. As I watched her, she quickly glanced up at the clock, then back at her paper, then she glanced up and met my eye. She mouthed ‘I NEED A WEE’ at me, and leaned forward in her seat, flashing me a pained-looking smile. ‘SAME HERE’ I mouthed back. She glanced up at the clock again, then back at me, a tense expression on her face. I nodded and bit my lip. We both doubted whether we could make it until the end of the lesson, but what choice did we have?

By 3.20pm, I was in serious trouble. I was holding myself almost constantly by now, and was beginning to worry whether I’d actually make it to a toilet before losing control. I couldn’t sit up straight and was bent over my test paper, jiggling my right knee up and down rapidly, the heel of my shoe bouncing up and down on the carpeted floor. I’d finished a few minutes ago, and now I could focus my efforts on holding in my piss until I was finally allowed to relieve myself. I’d undone the top button of my trousers to give my bladder some room to expand, which had helped for a while, but by now it was totally rock hard and bursting with all the liquid I had consumed throughout the day.

By the looks of it, Laura was also reaching the end of her limit. She was still perched right on the edge of her seat, fidgeting and moaning under her breath, her test paper completely forgotten. I glanced down and saw that she’d unbuttoned her skirt. She was staring intently at the clock on the wall, and her hands were resting on either side of her chair. She was sitting with her legs slightly apart, rapidly fanning her knees in and out, her tights rubbing against her skirt. As I watched her, she suddenly gasped quietly and double crossed her legs, her hands on either side of her hips gripping the chair tightly. She glanced down at her skirt, then up at me. I could see the sheer desperation in her eyes, and I knew she was close to wetting herself. At the same time, I knew that my face was betraying the strain I was under to keep holding for just a few minutes more.

Just then, Mrs Davies uttered the words Laura and I had been longing to hear: ‘Ok guys, I’m gonna let you go early since you’ve worked so hard. Leave your test papers where they are and we’ll go over them tomorrow. Oh, and don’t forget to write your name at the top’. I stood up, wincing as I felt the full weight of my overfull bladder. I grabbed my bag and glanced across at Laura, who was standing bent over the desk with her legs tightly crossed, bobbing up and down frantically on the spot. ‘Oh god oh god oh god, I have to go so bad I can barely write my name’ she whined, scribbling her name quickly at the top of her test. ‘Ok now I’m going for a weeeee’ she laughed as she picked up her bag and darted out of the room, closely followed by me.

We walked down the empty corridor as fast as we could without losing control, me grabbing my dick under my jacket and Laura trying to squeeze her thighs together as she walked. ‘Shit, I’ve never needed to go this bad before’ I muttered, my voice strained. ‘Oh god I know, tell me about it’ Laura replied ‘All I can think about it getting to a loo, I don’t care about anything else, just having a fucking wee right now’. I laughed in agreement. We reached the stairs at the end of the corridor, one more story and we’d be outside the toilets. ‘Need a piss, need a piss’ I muttered under my breath as we hurried down them. Laura suddenly stopped in her tracks, bending over at the waist, pushing both her hands into her crotch. I was amazed, I’d never seen anybody as desperate as this before. She moaned under her breath ‘Ohhhhh, ok, shit, I’m ok now let’s go’. We hurried down the last few steps and pushed open the door.

The toilets were just two steps in front of us, but a sign on the girl’s toilets caught my attention:

FLOODED! DO NOT ENTER, USE YEAR 11 TOILETS ON OTHER SIDE OF THE SCHOOL

‘No no no no you have got to be joking’ Laura moaned, dancing frantically from foot to foot. ‘Guess you’ll just have to wait a bit longer’ I laughed, and opened the door to the boy’s toilets. Suddenly, Laura grabbed my arm, holding me back. ‘No, fuck you’ she laughed, grinning up at me, bent over with one hand on my arm and the other in her crotch. ‘Oh come on, I have to piss!’ I said, laughing, but in all seriousness, I was seconds away from wetting myself. ‘Oh fuck it, I need a weeeeee’ she moaned, pushing past me and into the boy’s toilets. I followed her in, already unzipping my trousers in anticipation.

She darted into a cubicle and slammed the door behind her, and I pulled out my dick while running to the urinal. As soon as I got within a few feet I started wetting uncontrollably, gasping as I finally started to relieve the piss I’d been holding in for so long. At the same time, I heard a gushing stream of piss hitting the toilet bowl in the cubicle, and I heard Laura moan ‘Oh god that feels so GOOD!’ After a minute or so, I heard her stream easing off, and she moaned with relief. Meanwhile, I was still wetting, relieved but still not empty. I heard Laura opening the toilet door, but I couldn’t bring myself to cut my stream off, not when it felt so damn good!

Laura emerged from the cubicle red faced, but looking extremely relieved. ‘Best wee ever’ she laughed, then she noticed me standing at the urinal. ‘Oh my god, I’m so sorry’ she laughed. ‘It’s ok’ I gasped, still wetting uncontrollably. I was blushing like crazy. There was an awkward silence, for a few seconds, the only sound was my piss stream and my small gasps of relief. ‘Um… ok I’ll see you tomorrow’ she said quickly, washing her hands under the tap and grabbing a paper towel. ‘Yeah, see ya’ I managed to gasp, and she flashed me a grin as she walked out. ‘Oh my god’ she laughed, my stream still going strong, and I blushed even deeper as she shut the door. A few seconds later, my bladder was finally empty, and I gasped with relief.

*008*2017-09-04 16:36

{{On 05/08/2017 at 9:12 AM, Amber19 said:

I didn't think teachers could say no in sixth form, did this happen often?

}}

It was very rare. My sixth form classes were so small and it was much more informal than lessons at school. Taking a short toilet break was rarely an issue.

*012*2017-12-20 21:39

{{On 04/09/2017 at 5:47 PM, biondi said:

I don't understand the end, you wrote "I pulled out my dick while running to the urinal" but the end of the story is that you wet yourself

}}

For some reason, some of my older stories seem to have been edited and any time I wrote the word ‘pissing’ it has been changed to ‘wetting’. I don’t know why. I still have the original word documents so I will probably repost this story (and the others) at some point with the correct wording.

But basically, where you see the word ‘wetting’ it should be ‘pissing’.


