Bones - The Lost Episode

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2015-09-16 05:56

This episode takes place during Season One of Bones. It contains descriptions of realistic and graphic blood and gore, as Bones is a crime drama. There is also a prolonged part of this story that features no desperation at all, but I need it to keep the story authentic. If you do not watch Bones, all you REALLY need to know for this story is that Seeley Booth is an F.B.I Homicide Agent and Temperance Brennan (Nicknamed “Bones”) is a forensic anthropologist with absolutely no social skills whatsoever. Angela Montenegro, Jack Hodgins, and Zack Addy are her assistants, and the Jeffersonian Institute is the fictional equivalent of the Smithsonian in Washington D.C.- Please enjoy the story.

###

Jessica Cartwright gasped quietly as David Zaner's hand found its way under her blouse and clenched her right breast. She squirmed in her seat, the back seat of a 2003 Buick LeSabre, passionately kissing David as he caressed her. She was so in love with him, and in her mind she was certain that she was ready to lose her virginity to him here and now. Her body, however, had other ideas. You see, they were here in the multi-level parking garage of the Regal Gallery movie theater in Washington D.C. They had just gotten finished watching two movies for the price of one, a rather frowned-upon action that requires some courage and just a bit of stealth. That bit of stealth involves going straight from one theater into another, without letting any of the theater staff see you. By association, this meant no trip to the bathroom between the movies, and Jessica was paying for it dearly.

Large soda, no ice. Do you know how filthy public ice dispensers are? Jessica knows, and that means that her fifty-ounce cup was full of pure liquid. Even as she felt David's thumb lightly brush against the front of her light purple panties under her sun dress of the same color, she felt the smallest drop of pee leak out of her throbbing bladder. She shivered and grabbed David's arm, pulling his hand away from her privates. “David, I'm like sssooo embarrassed, but I have to pee right this second. I had that huge soda, and I just can't hold it in anymore.”

Flustered, David leaned away from her to let her climb out of the car. “Hurry back,” was all he could think to say to her. He was already about to get off in his pants, and he struggled contain himself as he watched her limp away.

Jessica hobbled through the garage, just trying to get out of view from him. The mall had closed long ago, and only two cars were left in the garage; David's and a dark red Ford Edge SUV about ten yards away. Her face turned bright red as she realized that David would definitely be watching her right now, making her way towards the SUV with her legs clenched together and her hand in her crotch. He has to understand. I drank soooo much. She finally made it to the other vehicle and glanced in the passenger seat. The front seats were empty, and she went to the other side of the SUV and quickly fell into a squat. She pulled the crotch of her panties aside just in time as an absolute torrent of pee splattered onto the concrete ground, growing into a massive puddle that snaked across the length of the garage.

Oh god, David can see it, he'll never want to talk to me again after this. She continued relieving herself onto the concrete, her stream still very powerful. I can't believe this is happening-

“OH MY GOD!” David's voice pierced her thoughts, originating only a few feet away from her. Panicking, she stood up quickly, cursing as her pee splattered the front of her dress. She struggled to cut it off, but it kept leaking out of her for a couple more seconds. She saw the top of David's head on the opposite side of the car, and she stomped around the back of the vehicle.

“David, what the FU-” She stopped herself as she saw David staring through the back window of the SUV, his hands clamped over his mouth and tears in his eyes. “What...” She looked in the window as well, then froze. She didn't even notice that her bladder started emptying itself again as she stared into the eyes of a red, fleshy skull.

###

“And here I thought I would actually be allowed to sleep for once,” Booth groaned from behind the steering wheel. “Usually when we pass Ten P.M. without any calls, we're good for the night.”

“Don't complain,” Brennan said from the passenger seat. “It just means that you're the Agent they trust to be first-on-scene. Would you rather be at a desk?”

“Well, no,” Booth conceded. “I'd just like one night, you know?”

“Turn here,” she barked suddenly, pointing at the corner of the large movie theater. Booth spun the wheel and they made their way around the building. The blue and red of patrol cars could be seen flashing from one of the upper levels as they pulled into the garage and started up the rectangular pattern of ramps. Soon they pulled onto the sixth level and circled around the first row, coming to a stop in front of the patrol cars. The coroner's van was nearby, waiting with the doors open. The two of them got out of Booth's SUV and made their way towards the group of officers. Brennan looked past them, seeing a maroon Ford Edge blocked off with crime scene tape.

A teenage male was leaning on one of the patrol cars, with a teenage female standing next to him. She was sobbing and her hands were held behind her back as though she was handcuffed, and she was wrapped in the sort of blanket that officers gave to victims or suspects who weren't decent. Farther back, a white male who appeared to be between the ages of nineteen and twenty-one. He was wearing black slacks and a royal purple vest over a white dress shirt. A nametag reading “RYAN” was pinned to his chest.

Booth strode forwards and shook the senior officer's hand. “I'm Special Agent Seeley Booth and this is Doctor Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian Institute. What do we have here?”

“Officer Markson,” the officer introduced himself. “Glad you got here so quickly. The body's in here,” Markson said, gesturing towards the Ford.

“First thing,” Booth said, looking to the crying girl. “Why is that girl handcuffed? Is she a suspect?”

Markson shook his head and looked away. “We have her for public urination. Look at the floor of this place, it's like a pipe broke. The boy over there is an employee at the theater, he saw her through the door while he was locking up. He's pressing charges. She's drunk out of her mind.”

“I'M NOT DRUNK!” the girl screamed through her tears. “I've never had alcohol in my life. I just couldn't hold it in anymore, I couldn't help it...”

Brennan looked down, eyeing the giant puddle originating from the side of the SUV and darkening the ground for dozens of feet downhill, towards the ramp. She glared at Ryan the theater employee, before making her way to the crying girl. “What's your name?” Brennan asked her.

“Jessica. Jessica Cartwright,” she mumbled.

“How much did you drink?” Brennan asked next, without offering her own name in return.

“A large soda. No ice to take up space in the cup either.”

“How big are your large drinks?” Brennan shot at Ryan.

“They're fifty ounces,” he called back, keeping his distance from the group.

“And how long did you go without urinating after you drank it?” Brennan asked her loudly. Shame was not an emotion that Bones was familiar with.

Jessica's face quickly went red. “Nearly four hours. We watched two movies...”

Brennan let out a surprised chuckle, then squinted. “Why didn't you use the restroom in the theater? You must have been in a lot of pain.”

“I tried, but they were locked. I talked to the guy over there,” she whispered, pointing to Ryan, “but he said the toilets were closed at midnight, and everywhere else is closed too. We came out to the car, but I was in there for about two minutes before I just couldn't wait any longer. It was already starting to come out...”

“I'm not surprised. You have astonishingly powerful kegel muscles. Doctors consider it a medical emergency if someone's containing over one liter...” Brennan leaned forwards, sticking her nose directly in front of Jessica's mouth and inhaling deeply. Jessica gasped and leaned back, and Brennan turned away from her wordlessly and stormed over to Ryan. “She isn't drunk. Judging by the size of this puddle, the amount that she drank, and the duration of two movies, she had to have had at least one and a half liters in her bladder. Most people can barely hold one third of that before they void involuntarily-”

“Don't say 'Void,' Booth groaned suddenly, turning away from them. “It sounds like you're talking to a hospital patient.”

Brennan ignored him. “My point is, there was no way she could have made it out of this parking lot. If she tried to force herself to wait longer, she could have suffered internal damage, the least of which could be infection. Why were the bathrooms closed?”

Ryan was staring at Brennan defiantly. “The toilets close at midnight. When the last show lets out, we want the theater emptied quickly. People linger and waste time.”

“You know,” Brennan whispered threateningly, leaning close to Ryan. “It's a legal requirement that an establishment that serves food to be eaten on the property must have constant access to restrooms. It's a grievous health code violation to keep people out of the restroom. You were lazy, you didn't want to have to clean the restroom again before you left the theater. You gave this woman no physical choice, and I will personally assist Jessica in creating a lawsuit against this theater unless you tell Officer Markson to drop the charges, this instant.”

“Er,” Markson piped up from behind her. “Are you threatening a civilian in front of a Police officer?”

“I am simply...informing him of the law and letting him know my intention to take legal action against his workplace,” Brennan said quietly, keeping eye contact with Ryan.

He looked at her for a few seconds, then averted his gaze to Jessica. “Fine. Let her loose, this isn't worth it.”

Markson shrugged and stepped towards Jessica, and seconds later her cuffs were off and she was sitting on a concrete barrier. “Thank you,” she mumbled to Brennan. “I was really scared.”

“Yeah, Bones,” Booth quipped, looking curiously at her. “Since when do you get involved with the personal problems of strangers?”

“The whole situation rubbed me the wrong way, is all,” Brennan said in the high-pitched voice she carried whenever she was trying to defend herself. “That guy forced her to urinate out here, then tried to have her arrested for something she had no say in. It would be like arresting her for menstruating or giving birth-”

“That's good enough, Bones,” Booth butted in, holding up a hand. “We still have a murder victim here.” He turned away from Brennan and sat down on the concrete barrier next to Jessica. “If you feel comfortable enough to talk, I would like to ask you some questions.”

Jessica nodded. “It would be the least I could do to thank her,” Jessica said, tilting her head towards Brennan.

“That's good,” Booth said softly. “So tell me, when and how exactly did you discover the body?”

“Well,” Jessica started, “we came out of the theater at about twelve-thirty. We got in our car and we were...fooling around for a couple of minutes. We were about to have sex when I just couldn't hold it in anymore. I came over here and I was in the middle of my pee when I heard David scream from behind me. I don't know why he came over by me and he startled me, so I stood up and he was standing right behind the car, looking into the back window. That's when I saw the skeleton too.”

“David,” Booth said quickly. “Why did you go to look in the SUV? Did you see the body from where you were in your own car?”

Brennan noticed David's face immediately flush. Sweat formed on his forehead and neck, and he scratched the side of his chin. “I...yes, I saw-”

“Urolagnia,” Brennan said suddenly.

“Is that an STD?” Booth asked.

“No,” Brennan answered with a slight chuckle. “He wanted to watch Jessica urinate. If he just wanted a look at her privates, he could have waited two minutes for her to come back to the car. He tried to watch her relieving herself without being noticed by looking through the tinted windows of the car.”

Booth had a slightly disturbed look on his face. Both David and Jessica were the color of beets. Markson had wandered off to the other side of the aisle, faking absorption in his notebook. “That's kind of messed up, isn't it?” Booth said. “Who would want to watch someone pee?”

“It's a common sexual fetish,” Brennan explained with that high-pitched voice again. “He should have had her consent, but he was probably too shy, which is ridiculous. If she was willing to have sexual intercourse with him, she logically shouldn't have a problem with letting him watch her urinate if that's what he enjoys.”

David looked about ready to jump off the edge of the garage. Luckily, Booth shook away this new information and turned to David. “You want to confirm the general outline of that story?”

David nodded, looking down at his feet. Booth sighed and thanked him, then made his way towards the SUV with Brennan in his wake. He pressed his face against the glass and let out a soft “Eeugh.”

“It's unlocked,” Markson shouted from his place thirty feet away from them. Booth reached for the handle and pulled, and the trunk sprang open. There was the body, red and bloody. Its skull was completely exposed, but the rest of the body had most of its flesh. Naked and definitely male. It was sat inside the backward-facing seat in the trunk of the SUV. It even had a seatbelt on.

“Markson, run the plate number and see who the car belongs to,” Booth said. “I don't think he has any I.D. on him...”

“Already done,” Markson claimed. “Plate belongs to an Andrew Crane. That's him, the body. See the Led Zeppelin tattoo on his arm there? Forty-two years old, divorced, no kids. He hasn't been formally reported missing, although when I contacted his workplace, they said he's missed two days of work with no notice and hasn't answered any calls or e-mails. He's a cashier for the Stop & Shop on-”

“Forty-two and working as a cashier?” Booth interrupted. “That's unusual. Does he have a criminal record? Or mental health issues?”

“No, but he was only working for the Stop & Shop for two weeks. He used to be an accountant for Keller & Raimos, the law firm on Sutton Avenue. He was laid off a little over a month ago. Probably took the cashier job while he looked for something better.”

“This is strange,” Brennan cut in. “The flesh on his skull has obviously been stripped away by insects, but the rest of his body is in nearly perfect condition. He's been dead for less than a day. Also, going by the staining on the seat, he's only been in the car for about four hours. His flesh is coated with earth, and his legs have postmortem scrapes all over them, consistent with dragging.”

“Is there an apparent cause of death?” Booth asked.

“Unfortunately no,” Brennan sighed. “We should get him to the Jeffersonian as quickly as we can and let Hodgins have a look inside.”

“You heard her,” Booth said, waving his hand out at Andrew's body. “Pack him up.” He stood still as the coroner exited his vehicle and made his way to the body, pulling his shining stainless stretcher behind him. He grasped the body's arms in his white-gloved hands and pulled, dragging the corpse face-down onto the stretcher. As soon as the body settled, the coroner shouted and stepped back as a quantity of reddish water spilled from the open skull. All three of the young civilians screamed and turned away, but Brennan stepped forwards and bent over, looking at the side of the body's face.

“Well, we have our cause of death,” Brennan nearly whispered. “He drowned...on land.”

###

Fifteen Minutes Later

En route to the Jeffersonian

“Well, that was just weird,” Booth said as they pulled out of the parking garage.

“Yes, I agree,” Brennan nodded. “When someone dies underwater, it shows on the skin. Even if they're quickly removed from the water, there's minor bloating almost instantly. He was somehow drowned while he was completely dry.”

“That is strange, but that's not what I meant. I'm talking about that girl you were protecting back there. She's almost an adult, she should have just found a bathroom. She broke the law.”

“Are you serious?” Brennan snapped indignantly. “She had almost a half gallon of urine inside of her. There was nothing she could have done at that point.”

“It's ridiculous,” Booth argued back. “You don't just pee in a parking garage like...like some kind of hobo.”

“You're being incredibly ignorant,” Brennan said sharply. “When the bladder gets full enough, the internal sphincter opens. It's just biology. The external sphincter is a voluntarily controlled muscle, but once a bladder reaches its maximum capacity it will be forced open to prevent serious risks to your health.”

“Well, what would you do? If you had to pee as badly as she did. You would just wait until you found a toilet,” Booth stated.

“No,” Brennan said simply. “If it were me, I would have gotten out of the car and urinated in my pants.”

“Wha-why?” Booth stammered, glancing over at her while still trying to watch the road.

“It's the most logical option. Since in most American states, someone can potentially be charged as a sex offender for indecent exposure if they urinate freely. It's a ridiculous and scary law, so if I just do it through my pants, I might be guilty of lewd behavior, but that's just a misdemeanor.”

“You're insane, Bones,” Booth chuckled.

“You've never had to go so badly that you started to urinate involuntarily?” Bones asked. “It doesn't take too much for the average person, Jessica was a special case...”

“I've been very uncomfortable sometimes when I was a sniper, but I've always been able to wait until I got somewhere decent. It's just weird to do it in the middle of civilization like that.

“You should try it someday,” Brennan said.

“What?”

“Drink two liters of water and wait until you just can't anymore. It would give you an understanding of how it feels and you would be able to sympathize with Jessica and others you may see it happen to.”

“Hey,” Booth said loudly, “I was trained by the United States Military. I am in peak physical condition. I can wait as long as I need to in order to reach a damn toilet, okay?”

“Training and condition mean nothing to your internal organs,” Brennan stated. “Someday it will happen to you, and I hope you remember this when you start leaking on the floor.”

“Won't happen, Bones. And what about the guy there, David? He wanted to watch her pee. Not even you can tell me that's normal.”

“Well, it might not be normal, but it's certainly understandable. There are a lot of reasons people might enjoy it. Some are turned on by watching people squirm trying to hold it in, some just like the sight of liquid flowing out of genitals, some even like the feeling of being urinated on or the dominant feeling of urinating on other people-”

“Ew, like R-Kelly?” Booth recoiled.

“I don't know what that means.”

“He's- Oh, you know what, let's just stop the pee talk,” Booth groaned. “Call the night guys at the lab, let them know what's coming in for tomorrow.”

###

10:00 A.M

The Next Day

“Oh, that's nice,” Angela Montenegro moaned sarcastically as Zack Addy rolled the body onto the platform. “His face looks like it was melted in acid.”

“Bugs, not acid,” Jack Hodgins said smartly. “I'll be able to tell exactly what kind once I get in there in a minute...” He suited up in his lab coat and latex gloves, grabbing a scalpel and magnifying eyepiece before approaching the body. He leaned close to the face, peering through the eyepiece at the few scraps of flesh left on the skull. “Well, the flesh on the skull was consumed by Solenopsis Mandibularis. Fire ants.”

“Good work, Hodgins,” Brennan said. “I'm more curious about the torso, and why it's so intact. Even if he was buried from the neck down, underground organisms would have gotten to him...”

Hodgins sidestepped to the torso. A minute later, after quite a bit of cutting and staring, he stepped back and looked worriedly at Brennan. “We have a problem. There is no insect activity at the torso. Not one bite, not one maggot.”

“What does that tell us?” Zack asked tentatively.

“It doesn't tell us anything, because it's impossible. Bugs don't just ignore dead bodies unless-” Hodgins' eyes suddenly went wide. “Oh, no. Unless the entire body is infected with some sort of toxin.”

Brennan didn't need further explanation. She took off towards the lab's entrance at a sprint, and Booth started after her, a look of concern spreading over his face. She nearly jumped down the small set of stairs, slamming her fist against the large red button next to the sliding glass doors. The lab flashed red as the warning light turned on, and the glass doors hissed shut and locked solid. “Suits and gas masks, now,” Brennan shouted. Everyone in the lab scrambled for the emergency supplies, located in a large closet to the right side of the platform. Soon, they all resembled Chernobyl workers, clad in their blue HAZMAT suits and bulbous, grey masks. “They'll be preparing aid as we speak, but we need to determine the threat. Hodgins, get back at the body and figure out what the toxin is,” Brennan ordered, trying to keep her voice steady.

Hodgins nodded and ran back up onto the platform, leaning over the body and cutting off a sample of flesh. Nearly an hour passed while Hodgins ran his tests, and the anxiety in the room was thick as ice. Finally, he stood straight and removed his mask, looking over the others with a relieved smile on his face. “It's bug spray. Lots of it. His entire body, aside from his skull, is completely coated in acephate, acid copper chromate, bifenthrin, and dozens of other ingredients of common insecticides. This small amount can't harm us anymore, it's safe to come out.” He climbed out of the HAZMAT suit and waited for the others to do the same. Once they were all paying attention to him, he raised one fist in the air. “King of the Lab,” he stated proudly.

Angela sighed. “So we locked down for nothing. Tell them to open the doors, I need the bathroom.”

“Just use the one here in the lab,” Brennan mumbled absentmindedly as she made her way to the intercom.

“It's out of service, they're putting in this weird new water-saving toilet. They just got done dragging out the old one when this guy was wheeled in.”

“Well, we'll be out in a moment.” Brennan jabbed the intercom. “Ellis, it was a false alarm. Release the lockdown.”

“Erm,” Ellis' voice came back over the intercom. “We heard over security audio, but the system seems to be damaged. One of the wires is completely rusted out, we're trying to fix it right now.”

“Alright, just try to hurry,” Brennan said. She climbed the stairs back onto the platform and sat on a stool next to Booth. “Since we're stuck in here for now, we should look into Andrew's personal life, try to find out if he would have any enemies.”

“Already on it,” Booth confirmed. “I have two desk jockeys looking into his background and contacts. We should be getting a call soon.”

An hour and a half passed, with no calls from the F.B.I or any improvement in the lockdown situation. Two large pots of coffee had been emptied between the five of them, and they were all relatively hyped up on the caffeine with nowhere to direct it. “This is absurd,” Brennan said suddenly and loudly. “Not only does this break every fire safety law known to man, it's-”

“Guys,” Angela butted in. “I really have to get out of here. I already had to pee over an hour ago, and now it's starting to hurt.”

“I am also in need of a restroom,” Zack said softly.

“Ditto,” Hodgins put in.

Brennan and Booth nodded in agreement. “I'm going to tell them that they have permission to remove the doors,” Brennan said. She strode to the intercom, pushing in the red button again. “Listen, you have to get us out. Remove the doors from the outside until you can fix the wiring problem.”

A loud curse could be heard from the other side of the intercom. “You don't think we've already tried that? This problem isn't limited to the lab, it's effecting all of the electronically-opening doors in the building. Including the doors to the maintenance room. Whoever wired this place must have been drunk...”

“Then go to a damn hardware store and buy more tools!” Booth shouted into the intercom from behind Brennan, startling her into a quick jump. “Or get them from another building. NOW!”

“Uh, y-yes, right away.” There was a scuffle sound. “Nate, you heard him. Ten millimeter flathead and a monkey wrench. Be quick about it.”

“On it,” Nate's voice said, and Brennan sighed as she heard retreating footsteps.

“Eeerrh,” a high-pitched voice came from behind. Booth and Brennan turned towards the sound. Angela was on her feet with her legs crossed tightly, bouncing in place.

“Are you alright?” Booth asked her.

“No,” she whispered. “I really, REALLY have to pee. They locked the bathroom door during the toilet switch, so I can't even use the damn sink...”

“I feel about as bad as she looks,” Zack said. His face was sweaty and his hands were clenched in fists, pressing against his knees.

Brennan looked sideways at Booth, then stepped up on the platform. She reached under the lab's sink and took out five large, clear plastic jars, commonly used for containing liquids for use in autopsies. “Listen, everyone. I don't know how long we might be in here, but if any of you really find yourselves unable to hold in your urine, I will allow you to use these jars. There obviously won't be much privacy, but if you have no other choice, you might find them better than the floor.”

“Oh my God,” Angela hissed. She was squirming about heavily, but she forced herself back onto one of the stools. “I can't.”

“I can,” Zack piped up. He stood unsteadily, and Booth turned away as Zack grasped the front of his pants tightly. “I should probably feel embarrassed, but with Doctor Brennan's permission, there is no logical reason to be so uncomfortable. I wouldn't be able to wait longer than another few minutes, anyway.” Everyone else turned their heads now. Everyone except Brennan, who kept one eye on the young man as he slowly made his way towards the jars. Finally he grasped one in his left hand, and Brennan could hear him breathing heavily. She saw how much coffee he had, and she knew that he must have been really full. He faced away from her and struggled with the front of his scrubs. Seconds later, a powerful water-on-plastic hiss filled the silence of the lab.

Hodgins groaned and placed a hand over his groin, pushing down slightly. Angela, however, was obviously being tortured by the sound. She was back on her feet with her legs squeezed together, and her fists were clenched tightly and held out to her sides. Her hips were rocking back and forth, and her eyes were shut. Sweat was causing her makeup to run, and she gasped as a shiver ran from her legs up to her neck, causing her whole body to vibrate. Brennan walked over to her, gently placing a hand on her shoulder. “Angela, you're obviously about to involuntarily void your bladder. Even if the doors opened right now, I don't think you could make it to the upstairs restroom. Just relieve yourself in one of the jars, I'll make sure everyone looks away.”

“I...I don't think I have a choice,” Angela choked out. “Is Zack finished?”

“Almost,” Zack called. Another ten seconds, and his stream slowed and ceased. “Should I pour it in the sink?” he asked uncertainly.

“No, it was just sterilized this morning. Put it on the counter, and you can pour it in the toilet once we can actually get-”

“Ooah,” Angela gasped. She leaned against Brennan, and she could actually feel the artist's muscles shaking. “I just leaked a little bit,” Angela whispered right in Brennan's ear.

“Angela, please, just do it now,” Brennan said.

“I have to,” she moaned, now starting to cry slightly. Brennan helped her walk over to the remaining four jugs, and she handed Angela an empty one.

“You're not really going to do this, Angela?” Booth said, a tone of hidden disdain in his voice.

“Shove it, Booth,” Angela shouted back. “Brennan, keep their eyes off of me.”

Brennan made sure to do so. She lined the men up in a row like soldiers, standing in front of them like a Drill Sargent. Booth and Zack stood still, but Hodgins was obviously quite desperate for relief as well. He bounced in place, and his eyes were squinted and worried. Over Booth's left shoulder, Brennan could see Angela's back. She had placed the jug on the counter, and she was struggling with the front of her tight jeans. A stream of curses could be heard emanating from her, and Brennan blinked as she saw the smallest stream of liquid soak through the crotch of Angela's jeans before she managed to get them down to her knees. She was wearing light blue cotton panties, and the wet patch was very obvious. Brennan was expecting the panties to come off next, but to her surprise, Angela simply shoved the jar between her legs and started urinating forcefully through the thin fabric.

Her moans of relief were muffled but audible, and Brennan tried hard not to smirk as she saw Hodgins start squirming even more. She knew that he was in love with Angela. She knew that every fiber of his being wanted nothing more than to turn around right that second, to see Angela how she was right now. But his reasonable brain told him that Brennan would dislocate his shoulder if he tried, and he was right about that. Brennan herself might have no issue with being seen urinating if she was forced to, but Angela was her best friend, and she would respect her desire for privacy. Still, for some reason, Brennan could hardly tear her eyes away from the sight of Angela's backside.

The urine still streamed out of her, pooling in the jar. She knew why Angela had chosen to do it through her underwear; the fabric acted as a sort of 'suppressor' for the liquid, greatly reducing its force and noise as it flowed into the jar. Unlike Zack's, which could be heard loudly across the whole large room, Angela's was only a slight, unobtrusive hiss. Finally, Angela's flow slowed down. Brennan watched as Angela rubbed the crotch of her panties, trying to stop any dripping. Her jeans came up next, and Brennan was surprised to see that the wet spot wasn't visible when looking at her straight-on.

“You're all unbelievable,” Booth said loudly as Angela set the jar on the counter. “It's like I'm working with a group of third-graders.”

Brennan's eyes snapped to his. She'd heard enough, and Booth had officially earned her anger. “You really want to be like this? Insulting people for doing what they physically have to?”

“You just don't-”

“You know what, that's it. You've lost your platform privileges,” Brennan nearly shouted. “Sit down on the edge of the lab and shut up until they get the doors open.”

“I'm a Special Agent, you can't tell me to-”

“Shut up,” Brennan repeated. “These are my associates and friends, and I won't have you talk to them like that.”

Booth found himself being shepherded off the platform and pushed onto one of the steel chairs that lined the edge of the lab, usually occupied by observing students and guests.

Angela simply shuffled to the other side of the lab, sitting in one of the stools and looking at her feet. Now that the show was over, Brennan thought about her own condition. Her bladder was definitely very full. She had no shortage of coffee in her. As Zack and Hodgins turned around and went back to their own stools, she quickly pressed two fingers against the front of her belly. It was solid and protruding under her scrubs. She wasn't about to lose control, though. She just hoped the doors would open soon. She sat down next to Booth, preferring the steel chairs over the small stools. She leaned back, and felt her bladder throb slightly with the movement.

An hour later, there wasn't the slightest change. Nobody was even answering the intercom anymore. Hodgins had given up twenty minutes ago, filling the third jar almost to its rim. A capacity that may have impressed Brennan before she had seen Jessica Cartwright. Still, both Brennan and Booth had yet to utilize the jars. Brennan was visibly uncomfortable now, her legs jiggling of their own accord. Booth was doing his best to hide it, but the way his hips periodically lurched and the sweat and strain visible on his face all gave away his condition. He definitely had to relieve himself, and it was getting bad.

“We should just put a damn trash can through the door,” Hodgins yelled in frustration.

“Won't work, bulletproof,” Zack explained. “Nothing in here would get through that glass.”

“I can't believe this is happening to us,” Angela added. “The thing is, what are we going to do? We are the Jeffersonian, we can't sue ourselves.”

“It's the fault of the electricians who are supposed to keep this place up and running,” Hodgins said. “We don't have anything to do with this. I can definitely see a lot of people being fired, though.”

“I agree,” Brennan said scornfully.

There was more silence, now. Nearly half an hour of it, and Brennan was absolutely desperate. She knew Booth was, too. He was obviously doing everything he could to try and hide it, but his heavy breathing, sweat-coated jacket, and clenched fists gave it all away. She was focusing on his vibrating thighs when Angela's voice piped up from across the platform. “Sweetie, you should just pee now. Only you and Booth haven't, although he shouldn't even be allowed after the things he's said...”

“I'm okay,” Brennan said quickly. “If I-”

Tsssssssst, was the sound that made all their heads turn in unison. The doors had opened electronically, and Ellis the maintenance man was standing there with a group of torn wires in his hand and a wide grin on his face. “I got it before Nate got the tools,” he said proudly. Angela, Hodgins, and Zack ignored him completely.

“Come on, you two,” Hodgins said to Brennan and Booth. “You're the winners, hey?”

“No,” they stated simultaneously.

“Huh?” Zack vocalized loudly, his face confused.

“I'm not moving until Booth admits that he's about to urinate involuntarily.”

“And I want to show Bones that good discipline and a strong will are stronger than a spinker.”

“Sphincter,” Brennan corrected him. “And they most certainly are not. It can't be much longer now...you'll suddenly feel it forcing its way through your urethra, and there won't be anything you can do to stop it.”

“Is this really happening? Are- Are they having a pee-off?” Hodgins stammered.

“It looks like it,” Angela said quietly. “You know how they can get...when they think they're right, they'll go to any lengths to prove the other wrong.”

Zack just stared at Brennan, his face stunned. Everyone knew that he had a crush on her since he was a first-year student of hers, and this had to be chaos for him to watch.

“This should be good,” Hodgins whispered to Angela and Zack. “Alright then,” he said loudly to Brennan and Booth. “We'll be going upstairs for now. See you both later on.” The three of them left the lab, but they didn't go upstairs. Instead, they circled around to the other side of the lab, where the observation window looked out over the two desperate colleagues. They were still sitting in place, Brennan squirming freely and Booth sitting there, tense as a tree.

“Who do you think is going to give up first?” Zack mumbled.

“Brennan won't give up,” Angela said. “When she gets something in her head, she'll see it to the end. I don't see how he could possibly outlast Booth, though. He's so...manly.”

“That has nothing to do with it,” Hodgins whispered. “Brennan is right, soon one of their bladders will just get too full, and nature will take its course. There's no difference in average bladder capacity between men and women...there's no way to call this.”

###

“Just admit that you're going to lose control soon, and we can both get out of here,” Brennan said.

“No. I will sit here and wait until I want to get up and go. Because that's what a civilized person is supposed to do.”

Brennan was gyrating in her chair, her hips rocking and her legs bouncing. Booth grew stiffer every passing second, his whole body locked up like he was in a straight jacket. Their holding techniques were as different as their opinions, Brennan just accepting what came naturally to her body and Booth trying to hold himself shut with pure muscle. “Why do you have to be so stubborn?” Brennan snapped. “Lifeforms urinate, it's been going on for millions of years. Sometimes, people are unable to reach a toilet, so they have to do it elsewhere. Why is it such a big deal to you?”

“Because the adult thing to do is hold it in,” Booth breathed. “What if you were in an important meeting? What if you were in church? What if you were on a date somewhere with no toilet, like a park or a lake?

“It doesn't matter where I am,” Brennan said loudly. “If I was in a meeting, I would excuse myself. I don't attend church. If I was on a date, I would explain my situation and urinate somewhere appropriate to my surroundings. If I was in a park, I'd go in a bush. If I was at a beach, I'd go in the ocean.”

“You really think that's okay?”

“IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I THINK!” Brennan shouted. “You'll see soon enough.”

Minutes passed, and Brennan gently rubbed her stomach. Her bladder was very prominent now, and each touch sent pulses of pressure through her bladder and genitals. She opened her mouth and breathed deeply, and even though Booth was right across from her, she placed her hand between her legs and squeezed hard. “You can hold yourself too, if you think it will help,” she said to Booth.

“Now see, I'm not going to do that. Because I...am a man.”

“It would help you last a little longer,” Brennan said. She pushed harder against her urethral opening, and she caught Booth throwing the quickest glance at the shape of her labia pressing against the front of her scrubs. She felt herself flush slightly, though she didn't know why. “You must be so full,” she whispered. “The way you're sweating, the way your hips are moving by themselves. It has to be any minute now.”

“I'm fine for as long as I need to be,” Booth stammered. He was visibly shaken. His eyes no longer held confidence. His brows were tilted outwards, worry written all over his face. Still, his pride as a man and as an Agent forced him to sit still. Brennan, however, was growing more active by the minute. Her breasts were heaving with each breath, and the waistband of her scrubs was pressing tightly against her extremely sensitive bladder. She stood up suddenly, clutching herself between her legs with both hands. She slowly moved her grasp away from her womanhood and grasped the sides of her scrubs, quickly sliding them down and letting them fall to her ankles.

“Holy sh- Bones, what on Earth are- Why the-”

“English, Booth,” Brennan said. “The waistband on the scrubs are pressing into my bladder.” She stood there in her white lace panties, and even with Booth's extreme aversion to awkward situations, he couldn't tear his eyes away from her. “See, here...” She raised the front of her shirt, revealing her round bladder. The waistband of her panties was pulled under the bulge, and the thinnest layer of brown pubic hair could be seen protruding from the top of the white elastic.

“This is too much, Bones,” Booth gasped. His hands left his knees and had settled over his crotch, though they were not applying any pressure that may have helped him hold on. She tilted her head, and saw the great bulge against the front of his slacks.

“Ooohhhh,” Brennan breathed slyly. “You seem to be very aroused right now. I'm not surprised. It's a good thing though, men have a harder time urinating when they're erect. It's not a failsafe, though. When your bladder gets full enough, your penis will begin to get flaccid again, so as to prevent any damage from urinary retention.”

“Bones, you have to put your- I don't want-”

Brennan grinned at him. She hadn't seen him this flustered in a very long time. She was acting tough, but internally, her body was screaming at her. Now that she was standing up, her bladder pushed down directly on her urethra. She squeezed her legs shut and squirmed in place, turning her hips in circles and pressing her hand back between her legs. “Aahhhhh,” she moaned, leaning forwards and bending at the knees. He might be subject to human limits, but there's always the chance that he just has a bigger bladder than I do. I really don't know how this is going to go...

Just as that thought ended, Booth got to his feet. “Bones, this is ridiculous. You're standing there half naked, about to wet yourself, just to prove a point. Go to the bathroom, this isn't worth it.”

“It's very worth it,” Brennan panted. “You're always on your high horse, thinking you know better than people who've spent their entire lives learning about the human body. If anything I do here today can prove to you that you're just like the rest of humanity, anything is worth it.” She bent even further forwards, turning away and exposing the rear of her panties to Booth.

Booth tried to turn away, but the side-eye was unstoppable. She danced in place as he struggled to keep himself steady, and soon he found that his hard-on was growing soft. Normally, this would be a good thing in a situation like this, but he hated the idea of why it was happening. Bones was absolutely hot right now, her slender body moving about with her legs fully naked and her thin panties on display. Yet somehow, despite her exposed body, he felt himself going limp. “Enough,” he snapped quickly. “This is enough. I'm going to the bathroom.”

He turned and stepped away, and Brennan watched him as he took three steps and stopped. “I hope you're happy,” was the next thing he said. She stepped closer to him just as the sound of the hiss hit her ears. His black slacks began to glisten from the crotch, spreading down the legs and pooling under his shoes. The puddle spread across the stainless steel floor, coming to rest against the bottom step of the platform. “God, Bones, you were right. As soon as I started walking, I just felt it force its way into my...”

“Penis,” Bones inserted for him. “It's medical terminology, you can say 'penis', Booth.”

“Ssshhhhst,” Booth spat as he continued wetting himself on the lab floor. “There was nothing I could do. You won. I'm sorry.” Brennan sighed and stepped forwards, striding through Booth's puddle and spinning him around before leaning in for a hug. He tried half-heartedly to push her away, but gave up in a couple of seconds. “Bones, I'm...peeing.”

“I know,” Brennan said. “I'm just glad that I got through to you.”

“Why did you care so much though?” Booth asked her. “I've never seen you get this up-in-arms about anything unrelated to bones before.”

“You know I don't like talking about my childhood...but something happened to me in the third grade. I was in school, and we were in the last period when I needed to go to the bathroom. I hadn't gone all day, and I drank two bottles of water at lunch. The teacher wouldn't let me go because school was so close to letting out, and I wasn't smart enough yet to just get up and go anyway. I ended up wetting myself in the hallway right after the bell rang. I was suspended for two days.”

“Oh my God, Bones. Why didn't you tell me earlier? If I knew you were so sensitive to this, I never would have provoked anybody.”

“That's just it,” Brennan said. “I wanted you to learn for yourself, not just keep quiet because of your sensitivity for me.”

“Yeah, I understand,” Booth whispered. “Anyway, get your pants back on and go to the bathroom. You deserve it.”

Brennan let out a soft laugh. “You were so absorbed in my story that you didn't even notice? I'm already peeing.” Booth squinted and looked down. Sure enough, a light yellow stream was flowing from the crotch of her white panties and pooling with his own. “It started just a few seconds after you did.”

Booth found himself smiling at her. “Feels good, doesn't it?”

“Better than sex,” Brennan said. They stood there, still held in a half-hug, as they emptied their bladders onto the floor. They just watched each other, staring as though they were each the most fascinating thing the other had ever seen. Over a minute later, they both finished at nearly the same time. “I'll bring you down dry pants,” Brennan offered. She stepped out of the puddle and walked back to her scrub bottoms. She slid her thumbs into the waistband of her panties, then looked over her shoulder to Booth. He was still watching her.

Will he look away? Do I even care if he doesn't look away? She pulled the panties down to her ankles, exposing her womanhood and backside fully to Booth. As she grasped the scrub bottoms, she shot a glance at him under her arm. He didn't look away, and she smiled.

###

Angela, Zack, and Hodgins stood in the observation room, staring out at the two of them with their mouths hanging open. They watched as Brennan pulled her pants down and spent fifteen minutes in her underwear. They watched as Booth started for the door, then began wetting himself just seconds before Brennan did. They watched as Brennan took off her underwear in front of Booth, and Angela watched as the front of Zack's pants grew tighter with every passing second. Soon, Brennan left the lab and returned with a pair of fresh slacks. As they both left the lab together, Hodgins turned to Zack and Angela. “None of this reaches anybody else. What happens in the Lab, stays in the Lab.”

“Agreed,” chimed Zack and Angela in unison.

###

The Next Day

Noon

“Long Carrot Farms?” Brennan asked curiously, looking out the window at the large wooden sign they were passing.

“Yeah, I got a call last night from the desk jockeys. Turns out that our victim used to own his own business. 'Bug Out Pest Control.' He recently left the business to his second-in-command when he took the accounting job. Guy named Oscar Jackson.”

“But why are we here?”

“This is the job that Oscar is working on. It's a week-long gig, a whole lot of land to cover for one guy. I figure we talk to him, seeing as he's about the closest person to Andrew that we know of.”

They continued down the dirt road, passing through an ornate wooden gate and coming to a stop in front of a large barn. Next to said barn was a dark blue van with a large statue of a beetle wobbling on top of it. “I don't see anyone,” Brennan said, staring out at the open fields.

“And that is why I have a large vehicle,” Booth said as he pressed both his fists against the car horn. The sound blasted over the farmland, and Brennan watched as cows and chickens scattered in their pens. Almost immediately, the barn door opened and two men ran out, trying to wave Booth down. He released the horn and stepped out of his SUV as Brennan did the same.

One of the men was an almost cartoonish stereotype of a farmer. Red checkered shirt, blue overalls, straw hat, and a wooden pipe in his mouth. The other was a man in a white protective suit, a large plastic tank with hose and sprayer on his back. 'What is all the damn racket,” the farmer sputtered.

“I apologize for that,” Booth said quickly. “I'm Special Agent Seeley Booth, and this is Doctor Temperance Brennan with the Jeffersonian. We're here about the murder of Andrew Cra-”

Before Booth could even finish his sentence, Oscar Jackson turned and took off at a full-on sprint. Unfortunately for him, a full-on sprint while wearing a protective suit and carrying thirty pounds of insecticide on his back amounted to a little less than a drunken hobble. Booth ran him down immediately, twisting his hands behind his back and cuffing them. “Oscar Jackson, you are under arrest for the murder of Andrew Crane.”

“HE SLEPT WITH MY SISTER,” Oscar screamed at the top of his lungs. “I FOUND THEM IN MY BED, THEN HE COMES HERE WHILE I'M WORKING, HE COMES TO ME AFTER DUMPING THE COMPANY ON ME TO ASK FOR MY FORGIVENESS!”

“You have the right to remain silent, and I suggest you exercise that right,” Booth spat.

“Well, that was an easy one,” Bones mumbled with a shrug. “Oscar, tell me. How did you drown Andrew on dry land?”

“I WANT A LAWYER!”

“Ah, shut up,” Booth groaned. “Anyway, look here, Bones.” He pointed to the side of the barn where a row of water troughs lined the wall. “He said that Andrew came here to apologize. Oscar can't take it, he attacks Andrew. He sprays him with the insecticide to blind him and stun him, then shoves his head in one of the troughs. He drowns, but the rest of his body stays dry. His whole body is covered in the insecticide, except for his face that got dunked in the water. Look at all the forested areas around here, Oscar dragged Andrew's body to hide it during the day, then recovered him at night and drove him into the garage with his own car.”

“That's all just conjecture,” Brennan said. “Even if Oscar gives a full confession, we should still have evidence.”

“Well, he drove Andrew's car into the theater garage. He must have taken public transportation back here. Probably a taxi, this far in the hills. We can easily find that taxi, I doubt very many come out here. We could also find traces of Oscar's DNA in the driver's seat of Andrew's car, and camera footage from stoplights and toll booths.”

“That would all work,” Brennan agreed. “Call in the backup, I'll let the farmer know what's happened here.”

###

Three days later, Temperance Brennan was sitting alone in the lab, writing a chapter of her next book on her laptop. She felt at home in the lab, even more so than in her own true home. She looked up as the door hissed open and Ellis the maintenance man entered, carrying a sheet of paper. He stepped up onto the platform and handed it to her as she thanked him.

“I know it's probably none of my business," Ellis said cautiously, "but why are you paying this bill personally? Shouldn't the Jeffersonian's insurance cover it?”

“It does," Brennan stated as she looked over the bill. "But they need my own insurance number since I'm the head of this department.” It was a weak story, but it wasn't Ellis' job to argue. He never needed to know that the Jeffersonian's insurance wouldn't cover something that was never truly broken to begin with. "Oh, and next time you see Nathan, tell him 'Thanks,' from me. He'll know what it's about."

*004*2015-09-17 12:02

{{: 

This story is absolutely amazing! I'm not familiar with the show but now I'm very intrigued. I'd love to read more chapters also very original and lots of wetting and panty mentions which is a perfect combo

}}

Thanks man. Yeah it's a pretty good show. There's a couple of problems, but all together it's pretty damn solid for 10 seasons and still going strong. It's on Netflix.

*006*2015-09-22 22:04

{{: 

That was great! I'm actually a fan of the show and would love to read more Bones fics, if you ever wanted to write more.

}}

Thanks man. I'm not sure if I'll write another. The problem is it's really hard to keep the characters authentic while inserting omorashi stuff into the story. I know most people don't care about that, but I do.

