Holding Back (A Deadpool fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Thorn177

*047*2018-12-17 20:53

{{8 hours ago, Batman007 said:

So good can’t wait for more

}}

Ask and ye shall receive.

###

So, between the writing last chapter and this one, I basically went on a two year long hiatus, like a dick, leaving my readers on AO3 hanging. This was because the meds I was taking prevented me from writing. I'm mentioning this because there are a few references to this fact in this chapter, and they may otherwise seem a bit confusing.

Chapter 24

It’s different, seeing New York City from a jet rather than seeing it from swinging around between skyscrapers shooting webs. Peter’s sitting next to Nightcrawler. He doesn’t look great, but Kurt Wagner’s a pretty resilient guy. He’ll heal.

Behind them, Logan is having a chat with Domino, planning their attack.

‘West entrance’s our best bet,’ Logan says. ‘Seems to be the least heavily guarded. We take out the guards, quiet as we can, give Spider-Man the chance to access the electrical grid and cut the power.’

Peter turns around. ‘If your schematics are right, we’ll have about thirty seconds for me to hack the alarms before the backup power comes back on. I can’t promise that’ll be enough time for me to do it. We have to be prepared for a real fight.’

‘Well,’ says Domino, ‘you’re agile, Wolverine is strong, and I’m really fucking lucky. And once we get in, there’s Deadpool.’

Logan shakes his head. ‘We have no idea what kind of state Wade will be in when we find him. For all we know they’ve been blowing his brains out every hour since they caught him.’

The thought makes Peter sick to his stomach, and he turns away. The thought of Wade being in that much pain . . . that’s the thing. They can torture him as much as they want, and he will never die.

Logan seems to realise his mistake. He approaches Peter and puts a hand on his shoulder. ’Sorry. We’ll get him out, kid, I promise. And he can take it. You know he can.’

Peter nods, not trusting himself to speak.

‘We’re almost there,’ says Nightcrawler. ‘Get ready.’

It seems insane, breaking into the AMDL’s headquarters with just the four of them, especially since Nightcrawler’s wounded and literally only coming along so they can make hasty escapes if need be.

It’s a reckless plan, but it’s the only one they have.

Logan gives his shoulder a squeeze and steps back. ‘Okay. So we take out the guards, cut the power to the building, get inside, Spider-Man disables their alarm system, and we get Wade.’

It sounds easy. Peter knows it won’t be.

A fist impacts with Wade’s stomach and he wakes up with a gasp. He must have passed out. Since Daken left, it seems his guards are no longer under orders to ignore him. Two of them have been keeping him company the past half hour (hour? Hard to tell), and without anyone holding them back, the bigots are more than happy to hurt him.

One of them tried to strangle us.

Ah, that’s right. Lack of oxygen to his brain, that’s why he passed out.

‘Ow!’ he groans. His left shoulder’s severely dislocated, and several of his ribs are fractured. He can feel the bone knitting back together. It hurts, but no more than he can take.

‘Awake again, mutie bastard?’ one of his assailants growls. He’s wearing the same uniform the guys from the other night did, all black, minus the balaclava. He has pasty, pockmarked skin. Another punch knocks the air from Wade’s lungs and he coughs. ‘Ugly freak!’

Wade scoffs. ‘That’s rich. You’re almost as ugly as I am.’

The other guy laughs. He’s dressed identically, with a darker complexion and blue eyes. Pasty growls and pulls back his fist, ready to strike again.

All at once, the room is plunged into darkness. Wade can hear more than see his guards grip their rifles tighter.

‘Power cut?’ Blue Eyes says.

‘Stay alert,’ Pasty replies.

‘Yeah, you guys, stay alert,’ says Wade. ‘It’s probably my rescue team coming to kick your asses.’

’Shut the fuck up!’ Pasty snaps through the darkness. Wade feels the nozzle of his rifle against his stomach. Then there’s a bang, the bullet ripping through his insides, and Wade groans in pain. ‘Next word out of you, I’ll shoot your fucking dick off.’

Yeah, let’s not have that happen. Sounds unpleasant.

Oh, it’ll grow back out eventually. Still. Ow.

A moment later, the lights come back on. An alarm starts blaring from somewhere, and his guards turn their attention on the door. Blue Eyes puts two fingers to his ear. ‘Fuck! We’re under attack.’

‘Told ya,’ says Wade. Blue Eyes is running towards the door, rifle held tightly in his grip.

‘I thought I told you to shut up!’ Pasty snaps and turns around, but before he can aim his rifle at Wade’s crotch, Wade has pulled himself up by the chains (his dislocated shoulder complains by shooting pain through his arm), and aimed a two-legged kick at the guy’s head. He falls back, dropping his gun and hitting his head on the concrete floor. He stays down.

Blue Eyes points his gun at Wade, eyes wide and an expression of panic on his face. Clearly, he was not prepared for this. Any of it.

Before he can shoot Wade, the alarm dies, and then there’s the distant sound of gunfire. A voice comes through a speaker:

‘Intruders at the west entrance! Need fire support!’

There’s a commotion outside. There are shouts, several gunshots, some very loud thuds, and then silence.

The door bursts open. Domino punches Blue Eyes in the face, and then there is Peter, disarming him with his webs. The guard crumples to the floor.

Our Peter’s come to rescue us!

Wade grins inside his mask. ‘Took your sweet time.’

Yeah, like, what, two years? How long have we been hanging here?

Doesn’t matter! Petey’s here!

‘I’m really glad to see you guys,’ Wade tells them. ‘You came to rescue me! You all care! You’re my friends!’

Domino picks up Blue Eyes’s gun and stands guard by the door, peering out into the hall. Kurt appears next to her with a BAMF! He’s not looking so good, but better than he was last time Wade saw him.

‘Sorry about the delay. Couldn’t just come charging in without a plan,’ says Logan, while Peter approaches Wade.

‘Except for the part where we just came charging in without a plan,’ says Kurt with a shrug.

‘Good thing all the bad guys are normies.’ Domino flashes Wade a grin. ‘Hey, Wade.’

Peter’s reached him now. He pulls a stool over from the wall, climbs on it, and proceeds to open Wade’s manacles. He’s yet to say a word, which should worry Wade, but at the moment he’s just so happy to see him he can’t even be mad at Logan for roping his boyfriend into this suicide mission.

Wade drops to his feet, grateful to have them planted firmly on the floor again, and before he can say anything more, Peter’s thrown his arms around him, and is holding him tight. Wade hugs him back. His wrists are sore, he’s pretty sure one of them is fractured, but that’ll heal in a minute.

‘Man, are you a sight for sore eyes,’ he murmurs into Peter’s shoulder.

But then Peter lets go, and lands a punch squarely on Wade’s jaw.

‘Ow! What the fuck?’

‘You are such a dick!’ Peter shouts at him. ‘What were you thinking, just leaving in the middle of the night without even saying anything? You ever do that to me again, I fucking swear . . .’ He trails off, and then he’s put his arms around Wade again, and Wade wants to kiss him so badly, but he knows Peter won’t want to take his mask off, so he contents himself with grabbing a handful of ass. Peter swats his hand away.

Man, Peter’s hot when he cusses.

Peter’s hot when he breathes.

‘Enough, you two,’ says Logan gruffly. ‘We don’t have time for this, we gotta get out.’

‘Shh, someone’s coming!’ Domino hisses.

Logan cocks his head, listening. ‘Well, shit.’

‘Oh yeah,’ says Wade. ‘I should tell you a couple things. First, they’re not all normies, and second—’

Domino leaps back just before two long bone claws can slash her across the chest. She aims the gun she’s holding at Daken as he steps into the room.

‘It’s a trap,’ Daken finishes. ‘Hello, Daddy.’

‘Ugh, do you have to make it sound so sexual?’ says Wade.

Anything can sound sexual when Daken says it.

It’s his voice. Liquid sex.

‘You can shut up now, Wilson,’ says Daken. ‘Actually, you can all leave, if you want. As long as Wolverine stays.’

‘No fucking way!’ Domino’s finger is on the trigger.

‘No,’ says Logan. ‘You should go. He’s my responsibility.’

‘Fuck that,’ says Wade. ‘You just saved my ass, I’m not going anywhere.’

‘Fine,’ says Daken, retracting his claws. ‘Boys!’

Six guys in black kevlar burst into the room carrying assault rifles. ‘Drop your weapons, mutie bastards!’

‘Kill them,’ Daken orders. ‘Leave Wolverine to me.’

Wade has time to say, ‘Kurt, get out of here!’ before the man closest to him empties his magazine into Wade’s chest.

‘Oh no, you don’t!’ Before Wade has time to stop him, or do much of anything, Peter has jumped into the fray. He’s disarmed the guy who shot Wade before he can even blink, but there are five other guys with automatic weapons in the room.

Where are our weapons? Fuck!

In video games they’re always conveniently stashed in a chest somewhere in the room.

Think the author plays video games?

What else do you think they’ve been doing for the past two and a half years?

Wade looks around the room. There’s a footlocker over by the far wall, but there’s a lock on it, and anyway, it’s hard to get to at the moment. Domino’s shot one of the guys five times in the chest, but his kevlar is holding. Kurt took Wade’s advice and is nowhere to be seen, but then he appears briefly on the ceiling before disappearing again in a puff of smoke.

The odds are two to one, then. Wade likes those odds.

With no swords and no plan, he rushes at one of the bad guys with a loud battle cry. Wrestling him to the ground, he manages to tear the gun from his hands and turns it on him, aiming at his exposed face.

Spidey won’t like it if we kill him.

‘Fuck! You’re right.’ Wade flips the gun around and strikes the side of the guy’s head with the stock, knocking him straight out.

Peter is fighting the one he disarmed hand to hand, but there’s another behind him, aiming his gun at him, and this time Wade takes aim and fires a volley at the guy’s face. Then there is no face.

‘Oops.’

These pack some serious firepower.

‘Yeah, I should get me one of these.’

Two down, four to go.

Domino downs the guy closest to her with a swift kick to the balls before elbowing him in the throat. He crumples to the floor.

Three to go.

In the middle of the room, Logan and Daken are circling each other. Daken appears to be monologuing again. Wade can’t hear what he’s saying over the scream of the guy whose arm Spider-Man just broke, and honestly he doesn’t much care.

A bullet hits him in the back, and he turns around, leaping at the guy responsible and punching him in the throat.

All in all, it only takes about a minute to dispatch these guys. ‘Really?’ Wade yells, interrupting Daken. ‘This is what you’ve got to throw at us, baby Wolverine? Six measly fuckers with rifles?’

It gives Logan the opening he needs. He kicks Daken in the chest, sending him sprawling. He lands at Peter’s feet, but is soon up again, and swipes at Peter with his claws. Peter’s reflexes are too quick for him, though, and he jumps back at the last moment, landing a kick to Daken’s pretty face. Daken swipes again, this time striking true, and he tears a gash in Peter’s arm. It’s not deep, but it’s enough for Wade to see red.

He aims the gun he’s still holding, and shoots Daken in the throat. He falls to his knees, gasping. Dropping the gun, Wade takes three strides over and kicks him hard in the head, and he crumples sideways, and is still on the floor.

‘Wade!’ Even with the mask on, Wade can sense Peter’s disapproving look.

‘Relax. His healing factor is almost as good as mine. Fucker’ll live. Right, Logan?’

Logan heaves a heavy sigh. ‘Better get him to the school. We can contain him there, at least for a while.’ He gets to one knee and picks up his son in his arms. Daken is taller than his father, but also slimmer, and anyway, Logan is strong as fuck.

‘Well, that was kind of anti-climatic,’ says Domino, also dropping her weapon.

‘Eh, the writer just wants to get to the smut.’

Domino quirks an eyebrow. ‘What?’

‘What?’ Wade echoes.

It’s true, though.

We wanna get to the smut, too.

Wade walks over to the footlocker, shoots off the lock, and right enough, there he finds his swords, his guns, and his belt. ‘Ah, predictable bad guys.’ He straps his gear on and turns to the others. ‘So, we getting out of here?’

‘Gonna wipe their servers,’ says Peter. ‘Delete the info they have on us, and other mutants and inhumans.’

‘I’ll come with you,’ says Domino.

‘I’ll head to the jet. Kurt’s probably there,’ says Logan.

‘What if he wakes up?’ says Peter, nodding at Daken.

Logan shrugs. ‘He’ll be out for a good half hour. Meet us at the jet when you’re done.’

There aren’t a lot of thugs left in the building, and those who are there are quickly dispatched. They find a computer in one of the rooms, and as Peter hoped, it’s networked. He feeds it a virus, and then they head out to the jet.

‘So, your place or mine?’ asks Wade as they exit into the night air.

‘I’m still mad at you,’ Peter snaps. ‘You don’t ever do that to me again, you understand?’

Wade hangs his head. ‘Yeah. Okay. I just . . . They hurt you.’

‘Yeah, and now they’ve hurt you too.’

‘I can take it.’

Peter rounds on him. ‘Well, I can’t!’ he snarls.

‘. . . I’m just gonna go on ahead,’ says Domino and turns away from them at a trot.

Wade stares at Peter for a few moments, head cocked to one side. ‘What do you mean?’

‘I can’t take not knowing where you are, what’s happened to you, whether you’re hurt or . . .’ Peter swallows, looks away. ‘I know you’re hard to kill. But that doesn’t mean you can’t be hurt. They could have tortured you, or . . . Fuck, don’t you get it, Wade? I fucking love you!’

Wade takes a hesitant step towards him. ‘I’m sorry. I hoped . . . I mean, I thought I’d be back before dawn. I would have, if not—’

‘Save your excuses,’ Peter says. He feels exhausted, drained. The cut in his arm is bleeding, and he’s still healing from his other injuries. He thinks he may have torn a stitch in his shoulder.

Wade’s voice is small, quiet. ‘I’m sorry. I won’t do it again. I won’t . . . Just, please, don’t leave me.’

Peter looks at him then, closes the distance between them and pulls him into a tight embrace. ‘Oh, God, Wade. Of course I’m not gonna leave you!’ He reaches up, removes Wade’s mask, and rolls up his own, so he can kiss him. Wade kisses him back like his life depends on it, hugs him tight and lifts him off his feet.

When they pull apart, Peter takes Wade’s hand. ‘Come on. Let’s go home.’

*048*2018-12-18 13:06

It's The Great Omorashi Kink Sex Scene™! Featuring Dom!Peter Parker, because why the hell not? Only one chapter left after this one.

Chapter 25

Peter and Wade get dropped off on the roof of Peter’s apartment building. The ride was awkward, quiet, though they held hands the whole way. Not like the others haven’t realised what’s going on between them, anyway.

When the jet has left, they stand there on the roof for a while. Peter can’t seem to look at Wade. There are so many conflicting emotions going on inside him he can’t even think straight. He’s angry, and relieved, pissed off, and joyful. He wants to punch Wade in the face, and he wants to kiss him, and he wants to fuck him. Most of all, he wants to hold him and never let go, but then there’s that anger again.

‘Hey . . .’ Wade touches his shoulder hesitantly. ‘Petey-Pie . . .’

Peter’s instinct is to shake off his hand, but Wade’s touch is warm, his hand a heavy, reassuring presence on his shoulder. Peter exhales slowly.

‘I keep disappointing you.’ Wade’s voice is soft and a little quavery. ‘I’m sorry. I . . . I don’t know how to be different.’

His words twist Peter’s heart in knots, and he wants to cry. Instead he turns to Wade, takes in the familiar red suit, the mask, the swords on his back. He wants to see Wade’s face, but he put his mask back on when they got to the jet. Peter sighs.

‘You shouldn’t have to be different,’ he says. ‘I don’t want you to be. I’m sorry. I keep hurting you.’

‘You don’t.’

‘I do. I know I do. I treat you like . . .’ He takes Wade’s hand. ‘Let’s get inside. We can talk about it there.’

‘Yeah,’ says Wade. ‘Gotta look at that arm of yours, too.’

They take the fire escape. Peter goes in his open bedroom window and lets Wade in through the living room one, as usual. They don’t say much, as Peter peels off the top part of the suit and lets Wade take a look at his arm and his shoulder. The shoulder’s bleeding a little again. Wade cleans it, bandages it, applies disinfectant and a gauze compress to the scratch on his arm. The cut’s not deep, but it stings, and Peter hisses when Wade touches it.

’Sorry,’ says Wade, and when he’s fastened the gauze with medical tape, he hesitantly leans forward and places a light kiss on top. ‘There. Kissed it better.’

There are words, so many words, that Peter wants to say. His brain is awash with contradictions, and he wonders if this is what it’s like being Wade, having so much spinning around your brain you can barely form a coherent sentence. He pushes the thought away. He knows, of course he knows, that being in Wade’s head is a million times harder.

Still, no words come out, so instead, Peter takes Wade’s mask off him and smothers his lips in a kiss. It’s hard and bittersweet, and familiar. Wade’s mouth tastes like it always does, if his lips are drier than normal and his breath less pleasant. Peter doesn’t much care.

‘I’m so glad you’re okay,’ he breathes when he come up for air. ‘I’m sorry I was so harsh. I just . . . I love you.’ He feels a tear roll down his cheek, and then he’s crying properly, and Wade pulls him into his arms, kisses the top of his head.

‘It’s okay, baby boy. I’m okay. I’m here. I love you too.’

Peter takes a moment to calm down before pulling away. ‘I feel like I almost lost you.’

‘C’mon, Petey. You know you won’t get rid of me that easily.’ Wade flashes him a grin, and gives him a gentle kiss. ’So . . . Make-up sex?’

Peter laughs. ‘You were chained up in there for over eighteen hours, Wade. I think you need food, and water.’ He wrinkles his nose. ‘And maybe a shower.’

‘Yeah, I pissed myself again,’ says Wade, looking completely unembarrassed. ‘Actually, I pissed on Daken. It was epic! You should have seen his face.’

‘I . . . have no idea how to respond to that,’ says Peter. ‘Okay, you get a shower, I’ll fix us something to eat, okay?’

While Wade’s in the shower, Peter changes out of his suit and into clean pyjamas. Going out into the kitchen, he throws together a quick and simple mac & cheese. Wade emerges as he’s putting it in the oven, wearing a towel around his waist.

‘Smells good, gorgeous,’ he says, smiling. Then he just stands there, a few feet away, looking a little awkward. Peter’s about to say something, when Wade opens his mouth again.

‘I’m a mess,’ he begins. ‘No denying it. I’m a schizoid fucking sociopath. Every time I try to be better, I screw up. But . . . I’m better with you, Peter. You quiet the voices some. When I want to do the right thing, you show me how. Every time I fuck up, you forgive me, and I can’t believe I’m that lucky because, as previously mentioned, I’m a fucking mess.’

‘Wade . . .’

‘Just, let me finish. I know one day, you’re gonna leave me. You’re gonna figure out I’m not worth it, that I’m batshit crazy and don’t deserve your love, because I don’t. I’m a hideous fucking monster, and someone better will come along, someone who isn’t. But it doesn’t matter. Every second I get with you is worth that inevitable heartache. I just . . . I love you.’

Peter shakes his head. ‘You’re wrong, Wade Wilson.’ He takes a step closer, takes Wade’s hand. He keeps his eyes fixed on Wade’s as he brings the hand to his lips and kisses it softly. He presses the palm of Wade’s hand to his chest, his heart, hoping he can feel it beating. ‘You’re wrong about all of it. You’re not a sociopath. You’re one of the good guys. It’s just that no one bothered to teach you how to be, before.’ He licks his lips. ‘And you are worth it. Every second. Sure, you do stupid things sometimes, but who the heck doesn’t? You’re beautiful, Wade. And while I can’t see the future or anything, I’m not about to let you go. You may be batshit, but you’re my kinda batshit. And I love you.’

Wade puts his arms around him, buries his face in his shoulder. They hold each other for a long time. No more words. Just this, bodies pressed against each other, small featherlight kisses every once in a while. Peter sits Wade down on the couch while he gets out plates and cutlery, takes the mac & cheese out of the oven, fills the biggest glasses he owns with water. When he returns to Wade, he’s snoozing. Peter considers just letting him sleep, but then he knows he needs to eat, and he must be parched.

‘Hey. Wake up, babe.’

Wade opens his eyes and smiles up at Peter. ‘Beautiful,’ he murmurs, and Peter feels himself blush a little.

‘Food’s done.’

They eat mostly in silence. Wade drains three massive glasses of water, and then they fall into bed together, saving the dishes for the next day. They spend a long time making out, but don’t go any further than that. They’re both exhausted. It can wait. They have time. And when that time comes, Peter wants to give Wade everything he wants, and everything he needs.

Before they fall asleep, Peter feels a jolt of anxiety in his chest, and says, ‘Promise you won’t disappear?’

Wade holds him tighter. ‘Never again.’

Wade wakes up. It’s still dark outside, and he blinks a few times in the darkness, wondering what woke him.

Peter’s kissing our neck, that’s what.

So he is. He’s lying behind him, flush against Wade’s back, an arm draped over Wade’s middle. Through the fabric of Peter’s boxers, Wade can feel his half hard cock against his hip. He moans softly. Peter returns it with a soft sound of his own, and pulls Wade tighter to his chest.

‘Mm, that feels good,’ Wade whispers.

‘Want you,’ Peter murmurs in his ear, before nipping at his earlobe. A shiver goes down Wade’s spine and he swallows hard.

‘Fuck, I want you too.’ He shifts, turns around, finds Peter’s lips in the dark. ‘I . . . kinda really need to pee, though.’

‘You can hold it.’ Peter strokes Wade’s waist with his fingertips. It tickles, but feels wonderful, too. ‘Actually, I’ve kind of been wondering . . .’ Peter trails off, and through the semi-darkness of the room, Wade can see him lick his lips.

‘What?’ asks Wade, encouragingly. ‘Tell me what you’ve been wondering.’

Peter shrugs one shoulder. ‘Just, the other day you mentioned . . . It doesn’t matter.’

Wade frowns. ‘Whatever it is, you can ask. You can talk to me about anything.’

‘Okay.’ Peter takes a breath and exhales, warm against Wade’s cheek. ‘You mentioned . . . peeing yourself. And being into it.’

Fuck your big mouth, Wilson!

Don’t you dare tell him a thing. He’ll be grossed out and leave us!

But it’s too late for that, Wade realises. He told Peter he could talk to him about anything. Either he goes back on his word, or he tells him. There is no in between. And Wade doesn’t want to lie, not to Peter. He’s lied enough, held enough back.

He sighs. ‘I’ve got a kink list a mile long, you know that. I’m into a lot of weird shit . . .’

‘It’s not weird shit to me, not if you’re into it.’

Wade feels warmth bloom in his chest at those words, even if he doesn’t entirely believe them, and laughs softly. ‘You’ll regret saying that.’

‘So, about the peeing?’

Wade hesitates. ‘Do you really want to know?’

‘I asked, didn’t I?’

‘All right.’ Wade sighs. ‘Well, a while back, I kind of realised that holding it when I really needed to go . . . was kind of a turn-on. And then that turned into holding it until it was too late and I . . . well.’ Talking about it, he feels his stomach tighten, his balls tingle, his cock twitching slightly in his underwear.

‘And you liked it.’

‘Yeah.’ Wade shuts his eyes. He doesn’t think he’s ever been this embarrassed before in his life, and that turns him on too. ‘It’s a rush, kind of. Getting all desperate, needing to go but not being able to, and then when it’s too late . . . like, it’s embarrassing and I feel all ashamed, and I guess I kind of get off on that too.’

Peter nods. ‘So, how badly do you need to go right now?’

‘Well, I had three big glasses of water before bedtime, so . . . But I’m lying down, so it’s not too bad yet.’

Is this going where I think this is going?

Man, I fucking hope so. Thought he was gonna reject us outright, but this is promising.

I’ll get the popcorn.

I’ll get the vaseline.

Peter moves his hand to Wade’s stomach, running his fingers along the waistband of his boxers. Then he presses down a little on Wade’s lower abdomen.

‘Fuck!’ Wade throws his head back, squirms, and crosses his legs as Peter puts pressure on his bladder. ‘Please . . . stop, or I’m gonna—’

‘Piss yourself?’ says Peter, silkily.

Wade swallows. His face feels warm, but even if there were any lights, Peter wouldn’t be able to see him blush, under the scars. He nods. ‘Yeah.’

‘Well, we can’t have you wetting the bed.’ Peter pulls his hand away and sits up. He takes Wade’s hand. ‘Come on.’

Peter leads him to the bathroom. In the light, Wade can see Peter’s smile. He looks around in confusion. ‘What—’

Peter shuts him up by kissing him, deeply and thoroughly, his tongue invading Wade’s mouth and making him moan. He palms Wade’s cock through his boxers, and Wade moans out loud, feeling himself go completely hard.

‘I’m gonna fuck you,’ Peter purrs. ‘And you’re not allowed to piss or come until I say so.’

Wade whimpers, both from Peter ordering him around, and from him once again swearing.

It’s like all our fantasies coming true at the same time!

Except for the one with the tentacle monster.

Peter grabs Wade by the neck and pushes him gently into the shower, until his body is pressed up against the tiles, face first.

‘In case things get messy,’ says Peter.

Wade can feel Peter’s hands running over his body. His touch feels so good. Occasionally, Peter reaches around him and presses his hand into his lower abdomen, where his bladder is, and Wade whimpers, forcing himself to hold it. It’s easier when he’s hard, but the pressure is still overwhelming. Peter never comes near his cock, but he’s desperately hard.

Peter pulls Wade’s boxers down to expose his ass, but doesn’t take them properly off him. Then slick, slender fingers push up against his hole, and Wade utters a deep, guttural groan, pushing back on Peter’s fingers. Peter pulls them away.

‘Uh-uh. Be a good boy and stand still for me.’

Wade does as he’s told, though he’s shaking with anticipation. When Peter’s fingers enter him, he cries out. His cock, still obstructed by his underwear, twitches. He moves to touch it, but Peter grabs his arm and holds it behind his back.

‘No touching,’ he admonishes softly, and gently bites down on Wade’s shoulder. ‘I’ll make you feel so good, if you just do as I say. And if you don’t, I’ll stop.’

Well, that’s no fun.

Better do as he says, Wilson.

Wade whimpers again. Peter pushes his fingers deeper inside him, and he groans. ‘Fuck . . . feel so good, baby boy.’

‘You want me to fuck you, Wade?’

There he goes, cussing again.

‘Mm . . . Please!’ Wade is barely coherent. The feel of Peter’s fingers in his ass, when he needs to piss so desperately, is almost too much. Everything just feels more intense, more urgent, more real, and he needs Peter to fuck him, but he can’t express it adequately.

That doesn’t stop Peter, though, and soon his fingers are gone, and then his cock is pressing against Wade’s hole, and Wade can’t shut up, a string of curses tumbling forth from his lips.

‘Fuck, Peter, fuck, need . . .’

’Shh, it’s okay.’ Peter pushes inside, and Wade yelps, cock twitching again. ‘You’re doing good, baby. You’re doing so good.’

Wade can’t relax. If he does, he’s gonna piss himself. He pushes back against Peter, and this time Peter lets him.

Peter fucks him like he never has before. Or maybe it’s just the heightened sensations caused by Wade’s desperation. Either way, it’s never felt this good or this intense before, and Wade moans almost continuously as Peter slides in and out of him. His skin tingles.

‘God,’ Peter breathes next to his ear. ‘Your ass feels so good, Wade. So tight and good for me. So beautiful.’

Peter runs his hands up and down Wade’s back, occasionally gripping his hips and delivering an extra powerful thrust. He’s long since stopped holding back on his strength, and now he’s fucking Wade with abandon.

The pressure is building in both Wade’s bladder and his balls. He doesn’t know which will happen first, if he’ll piss himself or come, but they’re both imminent, and he tries to stop it, tries to breathe. Peter picks up the pace, and now Wade is sobbing.

‘Please . . . Fuck, Peter, I can’t!’ His voice breaks.

‘Shh. You can. I know you can. Just a little longer now, baby, I promise.’ Peter’s voice is soothing and kind, though he too is breathless. He groans, deep in his throat. ‘Ah . . . I love you, Wade. You’re doing great.’

Wade wants to tell him he loves him too, but all he can do is call out his name. ‘Peter! Fuck . . . I can’t . . .’ A spurt of urine dribbles from his cock, staining his boxers, and he clenches his muscles to cut it off. Peter moans loudly in return.

‘So . . . so tight . . .’

‘Please! Let me pee!’ Wade begs, sobbing, whimpering.

‘Just . . . just a little longer. Just a second. Oh God, Wade! Just . . .’

‘Ah!’ A little more trickles out. ‘I can’t hold it! I can’t!’

‘Mmh . . .’ Peter bites down on Wade’s shoulder again. ‘Okay, baby. You can let go.’

Wade does, a hard stream of piss wetting the front of his boxers, spilling onto the tiled floor, and he can’t seem to stop moaning. It goes on for a long time, the relief overwhelming. Peter continues fucking him through it, and then, when his bladder is empty, Wade comes, without even having touched his dick, the friction from his wet underwear enough, and he cries out Peter’s name, followed by a string of obscenities. Peter continues on, rides it out with him, even though he must now be impossibly tight.

Only when the spasms in Wade’s body have subsided, only when he’s leaning against the wall, barely able to stay on his feet, does Peter groan, ‘Shit . . . I’m gonna come!’ A couple of erratic thrusts follow, and then he stills, crying out as he spills himself inside Wade’s ass.

*049*2018-12-20 00:42

And here comes the final chapter! If you made it this far, I thank you! This fic is also posted to AO3

Where it is, surprisingly enough, the most popular thing I've ever written, with nearly 50k hits and, like, 2600 kudos or something like that. Didn't really think that what started as a kink fest and then devolved into utter fluff would become so popular, but there you have it. Feel free to head over there and give me some love too. If you want. No pressure.

Chapter 26

Peter is panting heavily, torso pressed to Wade’s back, sweat running down his brow, his cheeks, his entire body. Wade is shaking, breathing hard, forehead pressed to the tiles of the shower. He looks like he’s about to buckle under, and Peter’s suddenly worried that he pushed him too hard. He feels shame in the pit of his stomach, embarrassment at enjoying that as much as he did, the control over Wade, watching him fall apart, desperate.

He pulls out, slowly, arms circling around Wade’s chest, to prevent him from falling over. ‘You okay?’ he asks softly, hearing the concern in his own voice.

Wade nods. Releases a short, breathy laugh. ‘Yeah. I am beyond okay. Just . . . give me a minute. Think I may have to sit down.’

Peter helps him down to his knees, squatting in front of him, running his hands up Wade’s shoulders, neck, to cup his face. He finds his lips, kissing him gently. Then he touches his forehead to Wade’s, and Wade’s breathing slows, calms, until he lets out a breathy sigh.

‘You okay?’ he asks Peter.

Peter smiles. ‘Yeah. Of course I am.’

‘That didn’t . . . That didn’t gross you out?’

‘Not at all,’ says Peter, shaking his head. ‘I mean, urine doesn’t do much for me, but watching you fall apart like that . . .’ He blushes.

‘Knew there was secretly a dom hiding under that skin of yours,’ says Wade with a grin. He leans his head back against the tiles, reaching down between his legs where is boxers are clinging to him, wet and sticky. He pulls them off, flaccid cock tumbling out. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever come that hard. Like, ever.’

Peter finds himself grinning, and kisses Wade again. ‘Let’s get you cleaned up.’ He stands, taking the shower head off the wall. He tests the water with his hand, until it’s a comfortable temperature, and then gets to his knees again, and proceeds clean Wade’s marred skin, washing away piss and cum and sweat. Wade sighs happily.

‘You’re too good to me, baby boy.’

‘Hey, after that I owe you some serious aftercare.’

Once Wade can stand up, they take a proper shower together, and then Peter puts Wade to bed. He goes out into the kitchen, fetches water and some cookies he finds in the cupboard, and returns to the bedroom.

‘Here. That must have taken a lot out of you.’

Wade drinks gratefully and eats a couple of cookies, while Peter caresses his cheek and neck. Wade blinks up at him sleepily.

‘Get into bed?’

Peter puts the glass and cookies on the nightstand and slides under the covers. He puts his arms around Wade, holds him tightly, letting him be the little spoon and running his hand up and down his chest and his waist. The feel of his skin is familiar, comforting.

‘You know, I had kind of an epiphany today,’ he murmurs.

‘Hm?’ Wade shifts a little in his arms, onto his back, nuzzling the crook of Peter’s neck.

Peter sighs. ‘I think I get it. Why you did the things you did, all those times I was in danger. All those times you thought someone was about to kill me.’ He kisses the top of Wade’s head. ‘When Logan told me what had happened, that you’d been captured, and again when I thought of what they might have done to you . . .’ He takes a deep breath and exhales shakily. ‘I wanted to kill them. I wanted to murder every one of them for daring to hurt you. It . . . It scared me, but I got it. I finally got it. I’m so sorry, Wade.’

Wade’s breath is warm on his skin. ‘It’s okay, Petey-Pie. It’s all okay. I mean, I’m glad you get it, but . . . Killing isn’t you. You don’t kill people. I love that about you, that you always find another way. I don’t know how to do that, I’m too set in my ways, to messed up to completely change. But I don’t want you to ever change. You keep doing you, baby boy.’

‘I don’t want you to change either,’ says Peter. ‘Not unless you want to change yourself.’

Wade rolls on top of him, kisses him deeply, thoroughly. ‘You’re everything,’ he murmurs.

They make out for a while, and then they settle down again, Peter embracing Wade from behind, and drift off to sleep.

‘The AMDL have scattered,’ Domino informs Wade over the phone. ‘We sent an anonymous tip to the cops about the base. Anyone we left conscious were gone by the time they got there, but they found interrogation rooms, cells with . . . Well. The ones they found weren’t alive.’

Wade sighs. ‘Think there was other leadership, or was little baby killing machine responsible for the whole thing?’

‘We don’t know. But they are organised elsewhere, so probably there are others in charge. Daken’s refused to tell us anything. Logan’s at his wit’s end . . .’

‘When does his kid ever not drive him crazy?’

‘Anyway, the immediate danger is over. And even though Spider-Man wiped their computers, there was enough evidence lying around for the Anti-Mutant Defence League to officially be considered a terrorist group. Which’ll make it much harder for them to bend people to their cause. Either way, your Spidey should be safe.’

‘Some good news, then.’ Wade smiles. ‘Thanks, Domino. Love to Logan!’ He makes kissy noises, and can practically hear Domino roll her eyes.

‘Yeah, sure. Talk to you later, Wade. Take care of your boy.’

Wade hangs up.

We’re safe! Peter’s safe! It’s over!

It’s not over. They’re not gone.

‘Well, over or not, we’ve been given a break,’ says Wade out loud. ‘Let’s spend it making pancakes for Peter!’

It’s morning, and Peter’s still asleep in the bedroom. It’s been a few days, and he’s all healed. Wade’s practically moved in. They didn’t agree that he should or anything, but any time he’s suggested getting out of Peter’s hair, the latter has practically forbidden it.

Wade considers wearing the maid outfit again. He wore it yesterday, with great success.

Yes! Put it on! Let’s be pretty!

Wade shakes his head. ‘Nah. Too much effort.’

He does sing to himself while he cooks, though. ‘Let it gooo! Let it goooo! Can’t hold it back anymoooore!’ He opens a drawer to get out a whisk. ‘Let it gooo, let it gooo! Turn away and slam the doooor!’ He closes the drawer with his hip, and starts beating the eggs in the large bowl. ‘I don’t caaare what they’re going to saaaay. Let the storm rage oooon!’

There’s a creak as the bedroom door opens, and Wade turns his head to see Peter standing there, smiling. ‘The cold never bothered me anyway,’ he sings softly.

Ooh, our Peter can sing!

Always knew he could. He just chose not to.

Wade grins. ‘I knew you had it in you, baby boy. I feel a new age dawning, one of broadway duets!’

Peter laughs. Then he walks over and leans his elbows on the breakfast bar. ‘What you making?’

‘Pancakes for my Petey-Pie!’ Wade leans over the bar and kisses Peter’s nose. ‘Sorry I woke you.’

Peter shakes his head. ‘There is no way I’d rather wake up than to you singing while making breakfast.’ He pauses, considering. ‘Except maybe for you in my bed doing sexy things . . .’

‘I promise to wake you like that tomorrow,’ Wade vows. He returns to mixing the pancake batter. ‘Talked to Domino just now, bee-tee-dubs.’

‘Yeah?’ Peter sits down on one of the stools. ‘What did she say?’

‘That the AMDL seems to be gone, for now. And also that Daken’s a dick, but what else is new.’

‘Never actually met him in real life before,’ says Peter. ‘I hate him for all the trouble he caused, and for hurting you. Still . . .’

‘I know, he’s super hot,’ says Wade. ‘Even without those pheromones working for him, he’d still be pretty fucking sexy. If he wasn’t such a psycho, I’d suggest a three-way.’ He grins wickedly.

Peter laughs again, and Wade is so happy that he can make him laugh. He’s giddy that it’s over and they’re both fine. For now, at least, they can be happy.

‘I have a surprise for you tonight,’ Peter says after a while, while Wade melts butter in the pan.

‘Ooh! What kind of surprise? Is it a sexy surprise?’

‘Not so sexy, perhaps, but it’s definitely a good surprise.’

‘All surprises are good surprises, if you’re the one doing the surprising.’

Peter is holding Wade’s hand, walking him down the narrow street. They’re both in civvies, and Peter wouldn’t let Wade wear his mask, so instead he has his hood up. Wade has stopped trying to get Peter to tell him where they’re going. Every time he’s tried, Peter has just repeated, ‘You’ll see. It’s a surprise.’

It’s quiet here. Too quiet.

It’s quiet because it’s a normal neighbourhood. With normal houses.

Wade nods. ‘Weird, though. Can’t imagine what we’re doing here.’

Peter has clearly long since stopped finding it weird when Wade talks to himself. He doesn’t even react to it anymore. He just accepts it as one of Wade’s many eccentricities.

We love that about him!

‘We really, really do,’ Wade mutters under his breath.

Peter squeezes his hand and glances at him, smiling. ‘Almost there.’

They turn right, through a wrought iron gate, and head up a short path. Three steps and they’re at a door. It’s a cute house, wood siding, two stories, and a warm glow emits from the windows. Peter rings the doorbell.

The door opens, and they are greeted by a somewhat elderly looking woman with grey hair and kind eyes. ‘Peter!’ She puts her arms around him and hugs him. Peter hugs her back.

‘Hi, Aunt May.’ They pull apart, and Peter addresses Wade. ‘This is my aunt,’ he says, ‘the one who raised me. Aunt May, this is Wade. My boyfriend.’

Peter’s Aunt May doesn’t stare when she sees his face. She doesn’t look uncomfortable or grossed out or horrified. Instead, she looks into his eyes, smiling genuinely, and then hugs him too.

This . . . This has never happened before.

‘It’s so nice to finally meet you, Wade.’ She takes a step back and beams at her nephew. ‘Please, you two, come inside! Dinner’s almost ready.

Peter takes Wade’s hand again and brings it to his lips, kissing it lightly. They they walk inside.

END

