Holding Back (A Deadpool fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Thorn177

*039*2018-12-11 22:25

Hurt/comfort

Chapter 19

It’s dark. It’s pitch-black, and there are sounds in the darkness. Rustling and shuffling, and a voice humming quietly. He wonders why it’s so dark, and why it’s so hard to move, and what that smell is. Then a sharp, stabbing pain in his shoulder makes its presence known, and he realises two things: that the smell is alcohol, and that it’s dark because his eyes are closed.

With great effort, Peter opens his eyes. He’s met by a cracked ceiling with a few suspicious looking stains on it. Blinking twice, because it’s hard to focus, he lets his gaze slide from the ceiling onto a bare brick wall to his left. Looking to the other side, his gaze falls upon a worn couch, a chair, a large TV, a standing lamp and a thick, orange shag rug. The yellow light of street lamps creeps in through windows he can’t see from his current vantage point. He knows this place.

In addition to the stabby pain, Peter feels a dull ache in the front of his head and his temples, though in truth, now that he’s taken the time to notice, he realises that his entire body hurts. He also realises that he appears to be nearly naked. The blankets feel soft on his bare skin, though he seems to be wearing underwear.

His ears pick up the sound of humming again, and recognise the tune as something from a Disney film. He looks for the source of the sound, and at the foot of his mattress he notices a figure in a slightly blood stained Pantera t-shirt, cleaning a few metal instruments with disinfectant wipes. Wade.

‘Hey,’ says Peter. At least that’s what he means to say, but his throat is so dry it comes out as an inarticulate croak and he coughs weakly.

Wade looks up from his work, brown eyes wide with surprise. Then he drops the forceps he’s holding and they fall to the floor with a clatter. He scoots closer and takes Peter’s hand. ‘You’re awake,’ he mumbles. ‘I wasn’t sure if you’d . . . I worried.’ He lifts a glass of water from the floor and brings it to Peter’s lips to let him drink.

The cool water running down his throat is the most wonderful thing Peter has ever felt. After a couple of blissful sips he takes a deep breath and asks, ‘What happened?’

‘You got shot.’ Wade’s eyes are still wide. He looks almost shocked, like he can’t quite believe Peter is speaking to him. ‘Twice, in the shoulder. One of the shits that attacked us had steady aim. I took the bullets out and stitched you up while you were out.’

Peter notes that his shoulder is indeed bandaged in clean, white gauze, and raises his eyebrows in surprise. ‘You fixed me?’

Wade shrugs one shoulder. ‘I couldn’t exactly take you to a hospital. Didn’t leave me a lot of options, really.’

‘You could have taken me to the Baxter building,’ Peter points out. ‘Reed’s stitched me up a whole bunch of times.’

The ghost of a smile flutters across Wade’s features. ‘I know how to patch up a bullet wound, Parker. Besides, if I’d showed up there carrying a Spider-Man full of holes, Richards and his little gang would have thought I put them in you.’

Peter gives a soft laugh and winces at the fresh pain it provokes from his shoulder. ‘Point taken.’

‘Here.’ Wade reaches for a brown paper bag at the foot of the mattress and pulls out a small, orange plastic container full of oblong white pills. He takes two out and brings his hand to Peter’s lips. ‘Prescription strength. Open wide.’

Peter opens his mouth and Wade tips the pills inside before offering more water. Peter swallows the pills without hesitation. ‘Guess it’s too much to hope that these were legally obtained?’

Wade shrugs one shoulder. ‘I know a guy. Believe it or not, I need pain relief sometimes, and the regular over the counter kind don’t cut it. I can’t exactly go to a doctor, so . . .’ He takes Peter’s hand again and lifts it gently, pressing his knuckles to his lips. ‘I am so fucking glad you’re alive, Petey,’ he all but whispers. ‘For a moment, I thought—’ He cuts himself off, looking away. ‘It wasn’t so bad, though. Bullets hit mostly soft tissue, didn’t shatter any bone or damage the cartilage. You should be back in fighting shape again soon. It might scar, though. I’m sorry.’

Peter smiles softly, and does his best to squeeze the hand holding his. ‘Thank you, Wade,’ he says emphatically, because more than ever he really means it. ‘What is that, the fifth time you save my life?’

Wade grins. ‘I dunno, I lost count. Anyway, you don’t need to thank me. A world without you in it is just . . .’ He trails off and shrugs again, shaking his head.

Peter feels his eyelids begin to grow heavy once more and supposes the painkillers must be kicking in. Wade’s bed is a soft nest of pillows and blankets. It feels almost like floating on a cloud. ‘As soon as I’m better I’ll thank you properly,’ he murmurs sleepily. ‘I think I’m gonna go back to sleep now . . .’

‘Of course, baby boy,’ says Wade, kissing his hand again. His warm, rough lips feel soothing and familiar on Peter’s skin. ‘You just rest now. I’ll be right here.’

‘An’ you’re sure it was the AMDL?’ Logan’s voice is its usual gruff self over the phone, but Wade thinks he can hear a hint of emotion in it. Worry, perhaps?

Yes, because Wolverine has such a good track record of showing concern for our wellbeing.

Wade ignores his mind. ‘Yeah. The bait came back. I threatened him. He told me who they were.’

‘You didn’t kill ‘im?’

Come to think of it, why didn’t we kill him?

Wade pauses for a moment, glancing over at Peter’s sleeping form. ‘No,’ he says at last. ‘I let him go. He was unarmed. Just a lackey.’

Logan gives a deep grunt in response. ‘That’s unlike you.’

‘Yeah. Guess I’ve gone soft.’

‘Seems your boy’s been good for ya. Glad you managed to keep ‘im alive, bub.’

‘I still murdered the shit out of all the others,’ says Wade quietly. ‘I’ll have a hell of a time explaining that to him once he thinks to ask.’

‘Yeah, well, he ain’t like you an’ me, Wade. Two of us, we gotta fight our nature. Him . . . He’s the real deal. A better angel.’

‘You don’t have to tell me that.’ Wade sighs. ‘So, you’ll follow up on the intel?’

‘Ain’t much to go on,’ Logan says, sounding surly as ever. ‘But we’ll do what we can. You just keep your boy outta trouble in the meantime.’ A brief silence follows. ‘Wade, I’m real sorry. If we’d known they’d gotten this big a foothold in New York City, we coulda warned ya. I’m sorry Spider-Man got hurt. He’s a good kid.’

‘He is. But it’s not your fault.’ Over on the mattress, Peter shifts and makes a small noise. ‘I gotta go. He’s waking up again. Let me know if you turn anything up, okay?’

‘Will do.’

Wade hangs up the phone and walks over to kneel next to Peter. He brushes brown hair away from Peter’s sweaty brow, and Peter opens his eyes.

‘Hey,’ says Wade.

‘Hey,’ Peter responds. He smiles, starts to push himself up into a sitting position, and winces. ‘Ow. How long was I asleep?’ He gives up and lies back down against the pillows.

Wade shrugs. ‘Couple of hours. You slept like the dead. How are you feeling?’

‘Like I’ve been shot,’ Peter deadpans.

‘Want some more painkillers?’

‘Maybe just the one this time? I haven’t got your tolerance, you know.’

Wade smiles in spite of everything. ‘Dude, I have to take like six of those for them to have the effect an aspirin would have on you.’

He administers a pill to Peter, and proceeds to fuss over his pillows and blankets for a few minutes, more for something to do than anything else.

’So,’ says Peter after some moments. ‘What actually happened?’

‘You got shot,’ Wade repeats.

‘I know that, but I mean . . . What happened after that?’

Wade quits his fussing and sits back on his heels, looking everywhere but Peter’s face. He’s been waiting for this, but he hoped it would take a little longer for Peter to get to the asking stage.

We could just make something up.

No. We can’t lie to Peter. He’ll see right through us, and even if he doesn’t he’ll find out eventually. We have to tell him the truth.

‘Wade?’ says Peter softly.

‘I—’ Wade cuts himself off and swallows. ‘You were Schrödinger’s Spidey, I didn’t know if you were alive or dead. There were nine of them still in fighting shape.’ He pauses, swallows again, works his jaw for several moments. He takes a deep breath, closing his eyes, and then he finally turns his gaze on Peter again, because he has to be honest about this, no matter how brutal it is. ‘I killed them. All of them. Shot some, stabbed the rest. It was quick, relatively speaking. I had to get them out of the way so I could get you to safety.’ Wade pauses again, but when Peter doesn’t say anything he barrels on. ‘When they were all dead, the kid from before showed up, the one who ran away when we got there. I got him to tell me that they were with the Anti-Mutant Defence League. Then I let him go.’

Finally, Peter speaks. ‘But you killed all the others.’

Wade shrugs. ‘Some of the ones we’d already knocked out, they might still be alive. I don’t know, and honestly, I don’t rightly give a shit.’

It’s Peter’s turn to look away now, pained expression on his face. ‘So after everything, you still don’t get it.’

Anger flares up in Wade’s stomach, crushing his lungs and tearing his heart in two. He gets to his feet before he even knows he’s doing it. ‘No, you don’t get it!’ he growls through gritted teeth, and it’s all he can do not to shout. ‘I didn’t know if you were even alive, okay? I just knew that if there was any chance of saving you, any at all, I had to take it. You don’t understand, Peter! If I lost you, if I let you die when there was something I could do to prevent it, I—’ Wade bites his lip furiously and runs a hand across his scalp. ‘I couldn’t live. Okay? I couldn’t fucking live knowing that I let a light like yours go out of this world, and I would have to! Don’t you see that? I would have to live with the guilt and the heartache and all of it, knowing that you were gone, because I. Can’t. Fucking. Die! And I couldn’t cope with that.’

They stare at each other for several long moments. Wade can’t tell what Peter’s thinking, doesn’t know what’s going on behind those wide hazel eyes. In the end, Wade looks away in defeat.

‘I’ll go,’ he says softly, and all the fight has gone out of him. ‘You can stay here as long as you need to, there’s enough Mexican food and Chinese take-out in the mini fridge to feed a normal person for a week, so . . . I’ll just go.’ He starts to turn away.

‘Wade.’ Peter’s tone is firm, almost commanding, and Wade turns back to face him despite his better judgment. ‘You’re not going anywhere. Come on, come here.’

Like a moth to a flame, Wade is drawn helplessly back to Peter’s side. He crouches next to him, feeling equal parts trepidation and relief as Peter reaches for his hand and grasps it firmly in his own. He scoots closer to the wall and lifts the covers. ‘Here, get in.’

Carefully, Wade slides in next to him, pulling the covers over them both. Peter places Wade’s scarred hand on his smooth, bare chest, right above his heart.

‘I’m sorry,’ says Peter at last. ‘I have no right to judge you for doing what you felt was necessary, I just . . .’ He sighs. ‘Too many people have died because of me. My uncle? I could have stopped the man who killed him before he ever got that far and I didn’t. Gwen was kidnapped and murdered by one of my enemies and I couldn’t save her. That kind of guilt, it . . . It can make a person a little crazy, I guess. I don’t want to be responsible for any more deaths.’

‘Well, you’re not,’ Wade says firmly. ‘Those fuckers chose to attack us. They lured us there, and they had every intention of killing us. You’re not responsible for them. The assholes who sent them down that alley are. The AMDL are to blame for their deaths, and I guess I am too, to an extent. But certainly not you. None of this shit is on you, baby boy. None of it.’

Peter nods. ‘Yeah, I know. I know that, rationally. Anyway, I’m sorry.’ He turns his head and meets Wade’s gaze. ‘And I’m grateful. You saved my life, again, and you put me back together. So thank you.’

Wade feels Peter’s heartbeat under his palm. It’s strong and healthy, pumping blood and life through Peter’s body, and Wade feels something tighten in his own chest. When he speaks, he thinks his voice sounds strained. ‘Hey, don’t worry about it. I’m just glad you’re alive.’

Peter smiles, eyes glinting in the early morning light seeping in through the windows. ‘Kiss me?’ he asks softly, and Wade does.

*040*2018-12-12 19:56

More porn, and hey! Finally some omo mentions again! (I promise, there will be more omo, just wait like 3 chapters.)

Chapter 20

When Peter wakes up he’s alone on the mattress, though the spot next to him is still warm. He blinks blearily and looks around until he finds Wade seated on the floor a little ways off, polishing his sword. Literally, not euphemistically. Sunlight streams in through the windows.

Wade appears to notice his movement, looks up and smiles at Peter. He stands, sheathing his sword and carrying it to his weapons locker next to the mattress, and then comes to sit, legs crossed, on the floor next to Peter. He runs a hand over Peter’s hair.

‘How are you feeling?’

Peter shrugs his uninjured shoulder. ‘Better than can be expected, probably.’

Wade grins. ‘Good! Any pain? Want another painkiller?’

‘Couldn’t hurt, I guess,’ says Peter.

Wade reaches for the pill bottle and the glass of water on the floor and administers an oblong white pill to Peter, who swallows it gratefully. ‘You hungry? You have the excellent choice between cold tacos and cold chow mein. I’d make you pancakes, but . . .’ He gestures towards the closed kitchen door. ‘Like I’ve said. Total bio-hazard area. When you’re up to walking I’ll take you home and make you pancakes there.’

Peter smiles wryly. ‘Way you go on about your kitchen, I’m starting to wonder if it’s just a cover-up and that’s where you stash the bodies.’

Wade snorts and gestures dismissively. ‘Nah, man! I don’t stash bodies, I scatter them like decorations, leave them for people to find. More fun that—’ He cuts himself off, looking away, his grin abruptly gone. ‘Sorry. Bad joke.’

Peter can’t help but agree, but chooses to remain silent on the matter. Instead he shifts slightly on the mattress and suddenly notices how badly he needs to pee.

‘Help me up?’ he asks softly. ‘Kinda really need to go to the bathroom.’

Wade nods vigorously and stands up. ‘Sure thing, baby boy. Can’t have you pissing yourself.’ He helps Peter gently to his feet. ‘I mean, unless you’re into that. I’m kinda into that,’ he rambles, while Peter puts his arm around his neck and they begin walking towards the bathroom. ‘Haven’t done it in a long time, though. I mean, it’s not a huge kink, just a—’ Wade stops talking abruptly. ‘You know what? Never mind. My brain has reminded me that this isn’t something you’d wanna hear about, so forget I said anything.’

‘Um, sure,’ says Peter, feeling mildly bewildered. His mind is brought briefly back to the time Wade was shot in the head and lost control of his bladder. He finds himself wondering if Wade enjoyed that. Urine doesn’t bother him, per se, but it’s not exactly a turn-on either.

They reach the bathroom and Wade opens the door for him. ‘You okay from here? Need me to hold your dick for you?’ He grins again.

In spite of everything, Peter chuckles. ‘No, I’ll be okay.’

Peter’s legs feel like jelly, so he pulls down his boxers and sits on the toilet, not trusting himself to stand. Wade’s bathroom is surprisingly clean, if cold. He’s suddenly very aware that he’s only in his underwear, his nipples budding to hard pebbles against the chill. Through the closed door he can hear Wade moving around the living room, muttering to himself.

He sighs, resting his head in his hands. If he’s honest with himself, what Wade did still bothers him. That Wade would kill for him if the need arises has never been in question, of course—hell, Wade would probably kill for a chimichanga—but Peter had hoped that it would never come to that. Of course, he hadn’t counted on armed vigilantes coming after them, either. In Wade’s position, what would he have done? Would he have run before he would kill? Would he have found a way to dispatch the enemy without seriously hurting anyone? And in the end, does any of this really matter?

He thinks about Wade, about his muscular body and strong arms, about the way he fights and the way he fucks, and suddenly Peter’s pulse is racing and his body is responding to vivid images in his mind. Wade kissing him, holding him, sucking him off. Wade on his back under him, or on top of him. Wade’s hands, mouth, fingers, tongue. Wade, his Wade who would do anything for him, who would die for him if he could. Peter knows it to be true. If Wade could die, he would sacrifice himself in a heartbeat if it meant saving Peter’s life. And Peter knows he would do the same for him. He just doesn’t know if he could kill for him. When did Wade become this important to him? They haven’t even been together all that long, and yet . . .

Wade’s words echo in Peter’s brain. I couldn’t fucking live knowing that I let a light like yours go out of this world, and I would have to! Only the remains of Peter’s anger made him not fall apart when those words were spoken. He kept it together through sheer force of will. As much as Peter has loved and been loved before, he knows that he’s never been loved like that.

Peter manages to get off the toilet and wash his hands, before he opens the door. Wade is there almost at once, slipping an arm around his waist to support him, and Peter can’t help but smile.

‘So, how about it? You want some food?’ Wade asks.

Peter purses his lips. ‘I dunno. I don’t really feel all that hungry . . .’

Wade shakes his head. ‘You need to eat if you’re gonna heal, Petey-Pie. You don’t have my healing factor, remember?’

‘Yes, mom,’ says Peter, rolling his eyes. ‘Maybe just a taco, then.’

‘Of course!’ Wade helps him back down onto the mattress and goes to the fridge. ‘After you’ve eaten we should see about changing your bandage. You’ve, uh, started to bleed through.’

Peter looks down at his bandage and discovers a red stain in the gauze. ‘Huh. Didn’t even notice.’

‘Those painkillers are pretty awesome.’ Wade returns to the mattress and hands him a taco out of a paper bag.

Peter eats mostly in silence, and Wade prattles on, sometimes to Peter and sometimes to himself, while doing something on his laptop (‘Just web-stalking Ryan Reynolds, the movie’s coming soon,’ he says when asked). When they’re done, Wade gets to work replacing Peter’s bandages. He rubs his hands up with disinfectant and removes the blood-stained gauze with great care, examining the wounds.

‘Looks pretty good,’ he says. ‘Not that I actually know much about this sorta thing, but there’s no pus or nothing.’ He cleans around the wounds with a cotton ball soaked in disinfectant. It stings, and Peter bites his lip and shuts his eyes. ‘Sorry, gorgeous,’ says Wade softly. ‘Almost done. You’re doing great.’ One of the bullet holes has started to scab over, but the other is still bleeding freely, though not too badly.

Wade puts a gauze compress over the wounds and wraps up Peter’s shoulder in fresh bandages, taking great care to get it even. ‘There, all done,’ he says when the bandages are in place, kissing Peter on the top of his head. ‘You should get some more rest.’

‘I’m not sleepy,’ says Peter, pouting up at him. He slides sideways on the mattress and pulls the covers aside. ‘Get in with me again?’

Wade gives him a gentle smile. ‘I can do that.’

Peter manoeuvres himself so he’s supporting himself on his uninjured shoulder, cheek resting on Wade’s t-shirt clad pec. Wade puts his arms around him, sliding his fingers through Peter’s hair, and Peter shuts his eyes with a sigh. Wade is warm and his touch is gentle, and suddenly all Peter wants is more of that touch. He moves closer, slips his leg over Wade’s, cranes his neck to touch his lips to Wade’s throat. His hand snakes down the front of Wade’s t-shirt and slips underneath the hem to slide across the marred flesh of his abdomen. Wade makes a small noise of surprise as Peter scrapes his teeth gently across his skin, before slipping his fingers into the waistband of Wade’s pants.

‘Not that I’m complaining or nothing,’ Wade says weakly, ‘but you sure you’re up for this?’

Peter tongues his earlobe. ‘Want you,’ he murmurs.

Wade lets out a shaky breath, the hand in Peter’s hair tightening it’s grip momentarily, and Peter can feel the larger man’s cock twitch against his thigh. ‘Okay, but then we do this my way. You’re injured, I don’t want you hurting yourself. Lie on your back, baby boy.’

Peter does as he’s told, and Wade sits up, pulling off his t-shirt and pants as he goes. Then he straddles Peter’s hips and leans down to kiss him, rough fingers caressing the skin of Peter’s neck. Peter kisses him back eagerly, wasting no time in pressing his tongue into Wade’s mouth, tasting him. There’s a lingering taste of jalapeños after the tacos. It makes Peter smile into the kiss, because some things with Wade are constant. Some things are always right.

Wade pinches one of Peter’s nipples between his fingers, and Peter grinds his pelvis up against him, his hardening dick pressing against Wade’s thigh through the fabric of their respective underwear. Wade moans into his mouth.

‘Fuck,’ he whispers, pulling back a bit. ‘Need you in me!’

Peter closes his eyes and lets out a shuddering breath, because that sounds like a really, really good idea. Wade gives him another deep kiss before he starts moving further down, lips and tongue making a trail down Peter’s smooth chest and stomach. He pulls down Peter’s boxers and all but swallows him whole, and Peter throws his head back with a loud groan.

He loses himself in the feel of Wade’s lips and tongue on him, the warmth of his mouth, and dimly manages to think that this has to be the best painkiller ever, because through the haze of pleasure he can barely even feel the ache of the bullet wounds, or the bruises from the fight.

Far too soon, Wade releases Peter’s dick from his mouth with a soft pop and nuzzles into his pubic hair for a moment before getting up. ‘I’ll be right back, precious,’ he promises. Peter watches him saunter to the bathroom. His ass looks amazing in bright blue satin boxer-briefs, and if Peter wasn’t feeling so weak he would get up, run after him and give it a good smack because, damn!

Wade doesn’t take long to return, carrying a bottle of lube of what one might refer to as respectable size. He takes off his blue boxers (he’s sporting a magnificent hard-on that Peter under different circumstances would long to taste) and straddles Peter’s hips again, coating his fingers in lube and getting to work prepping himself. Peter feels slightly jealous of Wade’s fingers, but watching him do it to himself is a fairly spectacular experience, and Peter gives his own dick a few strokes instead.

Wade is at the moaning and panting stage by the time he finally lowers himself onto Peter’s cock. He’s tight and warm and slippery, and Peter bites his lip and almost whimpers with the pleasure of it. Once he’s all the way inside, Wade begins to ride him, eyes half closed as he moves with slow deliberation. Peter thinks it might be the hottest thing he’s ever seen.

Wade gasps. ‘Shit, Pete, you feel so good! Oh, you’re perfect, baby boy, fuck!’

Peter reaches down and takes Wade’s dick in his hand, matching the speed with which Wade is riding him, and Wade moans loudly when Peter’s thumb slips over the glans, wet with pre-cum. He begins to move faster, and then he leans forward, finds Peter’s mouth and brings their lips together in a deep and passionate kiss.

Peter grips Wade by the hips and fucks up into him, hard, ignoring the aches in his body, and Wade grunts, a deep and primal sound, as Peter’s thrusts hit his prostate.

‘Wade!’ Peter manages to say. ‘Wade, I’m close, God . . . So close!’

Wade looks into Peter’s eyes, pupils blown. ‘Me too.’ Then he kisses Peter again, and the feel of his tongue against his own is enough to push Peter over the edge, and he comes with a gasp and a cry of ecstasy. Peter reaches for Wade’s dick and jerks him off. It only takes a few strokes for Wade to come as well, collapsing on top of him and only narrowly missing his injured shoulder with his forehead.

They lie there together for a few minutes, panting, before Wade gets off him and flops down on his back next to him.

‘Well,’ says Peter breathlessly after a moment, ‘that was . . . That was great. My God . . .’

‘Mm,’ Wade replies. ‘It really was.’ He takes a deep breath. ‘I wasn’t sure if . . . I mean, I didn’t know if you’d want to be with me after . . . After that. After what I did.’

Peter turns his head to look at him, and finds Wade’s brown eyes looking back, full of sincerity.

‘For what it’s worth,’ Wade continues, ‘I am sorry. I mean, I’m not, not in the way I should be, probably. But . . . I want to do better. For you.’

Peter sighs and turns his eyes towards the cracked ceiling, chewing his lip. ‘I won’t pretend that it doesn’t still bother me,’ he says softly. ‘But I’ve been . . . I’ve been a real dick to you in the past, over things you’ve done, even when your intentions were good. You’ve saved my life so many times, and I’ve treated you like crap in return, when I should have been grateful. I should understand that sometimes you’ve got to do what you’ve got to do. I need to learn to accept that.’

Wade turns over on his side and grabs his hand, squeezing it tight between both his own. ‘No, you don’t. Peter, look at me.’ Peter does. Wade’s expression is intense. ‘You are incredible. I mean it, I can hardly believe that someone like you exists, let alone that you’d be interested in me. The fact that we’re even friends, the fact that you want to be with me, I can’t even wrap my head around all that. And yeah, you give me a hard time, but you’re teaching me to be better. I want to be better. The fact that you’ll tell me what you’re thinking, that you won’t let feelings or sex or whatever get in the way of telling me when I’ve been an asshole, and then forgive me for it, that’s exactly what I love about you, and I never, ever want you to change. Ever.’

Licking his lips, Peter blinks a couple of times. Part of his brain got caught on a word towards the end, and it takes him a while to catch the rest of it. He feels simultaneously moved and like the biggest jerk ever, because all he ever does is try to change Wade. And then his mind moves back to that word and he has to swallow a couple of times before he can speak.

‘You love me?’ he asks, voice barely above a whisper.

Wade blinks. ‘What? I . . . I said that? Did I say that? Oh. Um.’ He clears his throat. ‘Apparently I did say that. Um. Yeah.’ He nods slowly. ‘Yeah, I guess I do.’

Without a word, Peter rolls over on his side and captures Wade’s lips with his own. He blinks back tears, kissing him like he’s never kissed him before, hoping that this kiss can convey everything he’s feeling, because he’s sure he could never adequately put it into words. That he loves him, that he’s sorry, that he doesn’t want to change anything about Wade that Wade doesn’t want to change about himself.

When they finally break apart, they’re both panting again. Peter places a single, chaste kiss on Wade’s lips and whispers, ‘I love you, too.’

*042*2018-12-13 13:11

{{8 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

I’m literally crying I love Peter and wade so much

}}

You and me both, bro. I'll put up the next one tonight.

*043*2018-12-15 02:38

Got home so late last night I forgot about this. Here's chapter 21! Now with 100% more crossdressing.

Chapter 21

The next day, after making absolutely certain that no one suspicious is watching his building, Wade takes Peter home. He’s managed to find some clothes that aren’t catastrophically big on the younger man, and they both dress in civvies and take the subway to Peter’s place. Once there, Wade changes the dressings on Peter’s bullet wounds (they’re healing nicely despite his inferior regenerative powers) and tucks him into bed. Then, after concluding that Peter’s fridge is painfully low on tasty food, he goes shopping.

He buys bread and cheese and milk, salami and bacon, flour and sugar, eggs, pasta, roast chicken, taco stuff (because that’s just a given) and everything else he can think of.

Are we planning on fattening up Peter?

The Spider-Man thing gives him a high metabolism; I don’t think we can.

‘We’re keeping him fed so he can heal,’ Wade mutters under his breath, and the clerk looks at him funny while bagging his purchases, as if she wasn’t already trying not to stare at Wade’s marred face, just visible under his hood. Wade pretends he doesn’t notice, pays the woman and thanks her.

When he gets back to Peter’s apartment, he puts everything away, gets changed, and starts bustling around the place to clean. While it’s fairly tidy, Peter obviously doesn’t have much time for housework, so Wade sets about doing dishes, sweeping the floors (he doesn’t want to wake Peter, so he doesn’t use the vacuum), and has even had time to do a couple rounds of laundry by the time he hears movement in the bedroom.

A few minutes later, just as Wade is dusting the bookshelf, Peter appears in the doorway, wearing stripy pyjama bottoms and nothing else. He looks less pale than he did yesterday, and doesn’t seem to have bled through his dressings.

‘Man, I slept like the—’ He pauses when he sees Wade, and blinks. ‘Is . . . Is that a French maid outfit?’

‘Pretty hot, right?’ Wade gives a twirl. He’s wearing white stockings and long white gloves with the gothic lolita-ish black dress and white apron. Usually he’d wear his mask, but he knows Peter likes to see his face (even if that makes absolutely no sense), so instead he’s wearing a curly, platinum blonde wig that he got to wear as part of a Marilyn Monroe outfit a while back.

Oh, we are so hot!

And pretty. Don’t forget pretty.

‘Where’d you get the feather duster?’

Wade shrugs. ‘It came with the outfit. Finding one in my size was a chore, I’ll tell ya, but in the end I only had to modify this baby a tiny bit to make it fit. Luckily, I’m handy with a needle and thread.’

Peter continues to look dumbfounded for all of five seconds, before he smiles and sits down on the couch. ‘It looks cute on you.’

Our Petey called us cute! Yay!

Wade grins. ‘I packed it on a whim when we left my place this morning,’ he says, continuing to dust the shelf. ‘A sexy nurse outfit would probably have been more appropriate, what with me looking after you and all, but I’m not terribly fond of playing doctor. I mean, medical shit kinda freaks me out, you know? Hospitals still give me the creeps . . . All clinical and sterile . . .’

‘I never really got the sexy nurse thing, myself,’ Peter admits. ‘Like, “Ooh, let me stick you with this needle and give you medicine that makes you super groggy!” Yeah, real hot.’

‘Right?’ Wade shakes his head. ‘Now, a maid on the other hand . . .’ He turns to Peter, adopting a subservient pose with his eyes downcast and his shoulders low. Pitching his voice up half an octave, he says meekly, ‘I’ve finished cleaning your home, Master Parker. Is there anything else I can do for you?’ He cocks his head slightly to one side and glances up at Peter shyly. ‘Make you lunch, perhaps? Wash your feet?’ He looks away again. ‘Suck your dick?’

When he looks back at Peter again, he finds him biting his lip. Peter seems to take a deep breath. ‘Start with lunch, maybe?’ he says. ‘I’m actually kind of hungry . . .’

Wade gives him a grin. ‘Of course! I’ll make us a fucking mountain of sandwiches, dude. But first . . .’ He approaches Peter and takes a blanket from the armrest of the couch. ‘Lean forward.’ He drapes the blanket around Peter’s bare shoulders and then kisses his forehead. ‘There you go, Master Parker. Can’t have you getting cold!’

Peter smiles, and Wade thinks he notes a faint pink tinge in his cheeks before he heads over to the kitchen to make them some sandwiches.

‘With the state of my kitchen, I don’t really have much cause to cook,’ he says conversationally. ‘That’ll be my excuse when this turns out shit.’

Peter laughs. ‘How badly can you screw up a sandwich?’

‘Don’t say I didn’t warn you.’ Wade puts on a pot of coffee while he messily layers mayo, lettuce, tomato and salami between slices of white bread until he has created the promised mountain of food. He returns to Peter in the couch with a plate piled high with sandwiches, before returning to the kitchen to fetch the coffee pot and two mugs.

‘Dude, what are you even talking about? Best sandwiches ever!’ Peter digs in with enthusiasm, and Wade is glad to see he seems to have his appetite back.

Think he’s got an appetite for other things as well?

Don’t be an idiot! He’s still hurt.

Yeah, but we are wearing this super hot outfit . . .

Wade ignores the boxes (he seems to be doing that more and more these days) and instead chatters on to Peter about everything that crosses his mind. Soon all the sandwiches are gone, with Wade having somehow managed to eat about two thirds of them while keeping up a constant stream of words.

‘So, what do you wanna do now, baby boy?’ he asks, picking up the empty plate and carrying it to the sink.

Peter shrugs. ‘We could watch a movie or something.’

‘Ooh! Yes! You got any Disney?’

Peter hums thoughtfully. ‘Check the shelf by the TV. I think I might have Beauty and the Beast . . .’

Wade chews his chapped lip. ‘Yeah, something else, then.’

‘Don’t like that one?’

Wade shrugs one shoulder and looks away. ‘Nah, it’s a good movie, but . . . I guess it always struck a little close to home, ya know? Only I won’t ever turn back into a handsome prince.’

‘Hey.’ Peter’s tone is sharp, and Wade forces himself to meet his gaze only to find that it is as soft and kind as it has ever been. ‘You’re a handsome prince to me. Always will be. Or, you know, princess, as the case may be.’ He eyes Wade’s skirt pointedly and grins.

Wade smiles in spite of himself and walks over to the DVD shelf. Studying the titles for a few moments he finally picks out Airplane! because that one fucking never gets old, and puts it on. He sits in the couch and is extremely happy to find that Peter snuggles up to him, resting his cheek on Wade’s chest and playing with the lace on the bodice of his maid outfit while Wade flips through the menus.

Wade spends most of the movie doing a quote-along, and botches the lines on purpose after an early mistake made Peter laugh.

This is an old movie, though. Like, does he even get these jokes?

Shh, you’re gonna make us feel old!

Only a few minutes remain of the movie when Wade realises that Peter has fallen asleep in his arms. By the time the credits roll he considers whether to just cover him in more blankets and let him nap on the couch, but eventually comes to the decision that he will be more comfortable in his bed. So Wade carefully lifts Peter and carries him bridal style into his bedroom. He tucks him in and is about to head out into the kitchen to get started on dinner when Peter grabs his wrist.

‘Hey,’ he murmurs sleepily, blinking up at Wade. ‘Where are you going?’

‘Just gonna make us some dinner, Petey-Pie,’ Wade assures him with a smile.

‘Okay.’ Peter lets go of his wrist. ‘Kiss?’

That’s it. Our heart is seriously going to melt.

Wade bends forward and places a chaste kiss on Peter’s lips. ‘Now, you get some rest, Master Parker. Let ol’ DP take care of you.’ He straightens up and walks towards the door.

‘Your legs look seriously hot in that outfit, you know,’ says Peter softly. ‘Not that your legs aren’t always amazing.’

Wade chuckles. ‘Flattery will get you absolutely everywhere with me, baby boy.’

‘’S not flattery if it’s true . . .’

Wade turns around and is about to say something more when he realises that Peter’s eyes are closed, and the steady rise and fall of his chest tells him that he’s fallen asleep again. He tip toes out of the room and quietly shuts the door behind him.

‘I feel pretty, oh so pretty! I feel pretty and witty and GAY! And I pity any girl who isn’t me today . . .’

We love that song!

Yes, that’s why we’re singing it.

Wade flips the steaks and sprinkles some salt on them. When the juices start to flow he takes one of them out of the pan (he likes his steak carried through a warm room) and flips the other a second time, sprinkling salt onto the other side.

‘I feel charming, oh so charming! It’s alarming how charming I feel! And so pretty that I hardly can believe I’m real!’

‘You look pretty, too,’ says a voice, and Wade turns around and grins.

‘Baby boy! You’re awake!’

Peter is standing in the doorway to the bedroom. He laughs. ‘Hard to sleep through that, really.’

Wade shrugs. ‘Didn’t mean to wake ya, but dinner is almost done. You like your steak medium, right?’

Peter nods and comes over to lean against the counter island, resting his elbows on the countertop. He’s put on a worn, grey t-shirt with a washed out, unintelligible band logo over his pyjama pants. ‘Mm, smells amazing!’

‘I got potatoes baking in the oven, and greens! Gotta eat your greens, Petey, so you grow up big and strong! Spidey widey Petey-Pie kissed the girls and made them cry, kissed the girls and made them cry, kissed the girls and made them high . . . I’m not so systematic, it’s just that I’m an addict foooor your loooooove!’

Peter raises an eyebrow. ‘You’re in a good mood.’

Wade turns off the stove and flips the second steak onto a plate. He sprinkles them both with black pepper and turns to Peter. ‘How could I not be? My beautiful boyfriend is safe and healing, and we’re about to have a spectacular meal together.’ He leans across the island and kisses Peter gently on the lips. ‘I’ve got everything I could possibly want.’

Wade gets the potatoes out of the oven and piles their plates high with food before carrying them over to the table. As they sit down, Peter reaches over and fingers a strand of the platinum blonde wig.

‘What colour was your hair?’ he asks suddenly. ‘You know, before . . .’

Wade picks up his knife and fork. ’Depends on the writer, or the cartoonist, I guess . . . Some of ‘em like me blonde and blue-eyed, others make me darker, like who knows what Marvel canon even is, man . . .’

Peter’s giving us the look. The ‘what the hell is he talking about’ look.

Wade clears his throat. ‘It was brown. Medium brown, lighter than yours.’

I think that’s canon, actually.

It’s also basically Ryan Reynolds.

Peter nods slowly. ‘I can picture that, with your eyes.’

Wade hesitates, cutting into his steak. ‘I . . . I could get a wig of the right colour.’

Peter smiles and shakes his head. ‘Not for my sake.’ He takes a bite of his steak and shuts his eyes with a groan of pleasure. ‘That,’ he declares, ‘is the best fricking steak I’ve eaten in, like, ever!’ He takes another bite, and the look on his face is pure bliss. ‘Anyway,’ he continues after a moment, ‘I’m asking because I’m curious, not because I want you to be different.’

Wade isn’t entirely certain that he believes it, but Peter’s words make him all warm on the inside regardless, and for several minutes they eat in comfortable silence.

‘I’ve called in sick for the next couple of days,’ says Peter. ‘Can’t run around taking pictures or doing complicated lab work until I heal properly . . . I should probably try and get back to attending my lectures as soon as possible, though.’

‘Aww, you’ll catch up on what you’ve missed. You’re my clever little Spider-boy!’ Wade grins. ‘You’re Dr. Genius McSmartypants!’

When they’ve finished eating, Peter sits back and sighs contentedly. ‘Mm, thank you for the awesome dinner, Wade.’

Wade gathers the plates. ‘Anything for you, studmuffin.’ He clears the table and returns to find Peter’s eyes on him. ‘So,’ says Wade slowly, ‘what can I do for you now, Master Parker?’

Peter licks his lips and meets Wade’s gaze. ‘Well . . . I believe you mentioned something about sucking my dick.’

Wade feels a slow smile stretch over his marred features. ‘Your wish is my command.’

*044*2018-12-16 02:33

Peter has a crossdressing kink.

Chapter 22

‘Ah! Shit . . .’ Peter’s eyes are half closed. The feeling of Wade’s mouth, his hot tongue, overwhelms his senses and clouds his mind. He looks down at his lover in a haze of lust, and is it weird that Wade has never looked hotter than on his knees in a sexy maid outfit, servicing Peter with the sort of enthusiasm he usually reserves for heartfelt renditions of 80s pop songs and Disney musical numbers?

Peter feels the familiar tightening in the pit of his stomach that signifies an imminent orgasm and squeezes the back of Wade’s neck. ‘W—wait, please! Slow down . . . I don’t wanna . . .’

Wade releases him and looks up at him with mischievous brown eyes. ‘This again?’

Peter shakes his head in an attempt to clear it. ‘I just . . . I want to do more. So . . .’

Wade smiles. ‘As you wish, Master Parker. Mayhaps we should retreat to the bedroom?’ He stands and offers his hand to Peter, who takes it and allows himself to be pulled to his feet, pulling his pyjama pants up with his free hand. His cock feels heavy between his legs.

Wade leads him through the door into his bedroom and sits him down on the bed. He strokes Peter’s cheek with a gloved hand. ‘So, what would you like me to do?’

Peter licks his lips. ‘God . . . Anything. I just, I want . . . Man, I dunno what I want . . .’ He takes Wade’s hand and kisses his palm. ‘I just want you. You’re just, you’re so fucking hot!’

Wade makes a noise in the back of his throat. ‘You know what it does to me when you use that kind of language, baby boy?’ he purrs.

Peter looks up at him and smirks. ‘Yeah, I know.’

For a moment Wade looks thoughtful. Then he says, ‘All right, darling. Lie back on the bed. Get comfy.’

Peter does as he’s told, and then Wade is on top of him, frilly skirt and all, kissing him deeply, and his mouth still tastes like Peter’s own dick, which is hot as hell. Wade removes Peter’s t-shirt, licking and biting at his nipples, and Peter groans. Then Wade licks a trail down Peter’s stomach and pulls his pyjama pants off. He stops to give his cock a few teasing licks, but doesn’t linger. Instead he lifts Peter’s legs and hooks them over his shoulders, giving the inside of his left thigh a nibble. Peter’s breath hitches in his throat as Wade lowers his head.

He sucks Peter’s balls into his mouth one at a time and Peter moans out loud, twitching as Wade’s tongue moves further down to lap at his hole.

‘Ah, fuck!’ Peter cries out, and Wade’s chuckle seems to reverberate through his entire body. ‘Wade . . . Oh, God, your tongue!’

Peter can feel himself opening up to this warm, soft, slippery feeling, and when Wade dips his tongue inside, he thinks his eyes are going to roll back in his skull. Words fail him as the feeling takes him, and for a few moments all he can do is whimper. He pushes back against Wade’s tongue, wanting more, wanting him to go deeper, at the same time as he wants to be touched, wants to come but doesn’t want to.

Wade knows him so well. He teases his dick with a few strokes of his hand, the silky fabric of his glove sliding across the flesh like a cool breeze, while he presses deeper inside, fucking him with his tongue. Peter is a whimpering, shivering wreck within seconds, this feeling too much and not enough.

He finds his voice at last, though. ‘Wade . . . Wade, please! Fuck me!’

Wade lifts his head and grins. ‘I can do that, Master Parker.’ His wig is crooked, so Peter reaches down and pulls it off, running his fingers across his scalp. Wade seems to melt a little, eyes closing for a few moments, enjoying the touch.

Soon he reaches for the lube on the nightstand, removes one of his gloves and slicks up his fingers. After the treatment he’s given Peter, it doesn’t take long before his fingers are inside him to the knuckles. Wade takes his time, though, opening Peter up even more, digging until he finds his prostate and Peter sees stars.

‘More!’ Peter whines, and he would probably feel embarrassed about the neediness in his voice, only he’s currently incapable of feeling anything but complete and utter rapture.

‘Greedy, aren’t you?’ Wade murmurs, hooking his fingers and pressing against Peter’s prostate once more. A generous portion of pre-cum dribbles out of Peter’s swollen dick as he whimpers with the sheer intensity of it.

‘I . . . I need . . .’ Peter gasps as Wade’s fingers touch that spot again. ‘I need more!’

Wade obliges with a third finger, and Peter’s back arches as he pushes back against the intrusion, a loud moan filling his small bedroom. He can’t think, can only feel, and what he feels is like the ebb and flow of the tide, washing over his naked body, hot and cold, hard and soft, as Wade prods and teases.

‘Wade! Need . . . You . . . St–stop messing around and fuck me already!’

Wade laughs softly, but he pulls his fingers out. It feels strange and empty. Wade straightens up and moves to take off his dress.

‘Wait!’ says Peter breathlessly. ‘Could . . . Could you keep it on?’ He blushes.

‘Oh.’ Wade smiles a crooked smile. ‘Of course. I wouldn’t wanna look at my body, either.’

In his addled state, it takes Peter a moment to take in what Wade just said. Horrified, he grabs Wade’s ungloved hand. ‘That’s not it! That’s not it at all! Wade, I love your body.’ To demonstrate he kisses the inside of Wade’s wrist. ‘I just . . . I like the dress. So . . . I thought it might be hot if you, you know, fucked me in it . . .’ He blushes deeper still, and Wade’s smile softens, becomes more genuine.

‘I think that would be hot as hell.’

There are a lot of things that Peter Parker thought he’d never be into before Wade Wilson walked into his life. For one, he didn’t think he was into guys. He didn’t think that he’d enjoy sucking dick, or that he’d be on the receiving end of anal sex. But above pretty much anything on the list of things Peter never thought he’d be into are things that never even entered his mind, things he couldn’t have thought of before. Such as being fucked in the ass by Deadpool in a gothic lolita french maid outfit.

Wade lifts the skirt to take out his cock and reveals white silk panties—they’re trimmed with black lace and somehow manage to not only not look ridiculous, but look both cute and hot at the same time—and suspenders holding up his white silk stockings with black buttons and bows. It only takes him a few strokes to get himself good and ready, and then he slicks himself up and, once again hooking Peter’s legs over his shoulders, positions himself at his entrance.

‘This what you want, Master Parker?’ he asks silkily.

Peter nods vigorously.

‘Then tell me.’

Peter swallows. Then he swallows again for good measure, before saying, ‘I want you to fuck me.’

‘How do you want me to fuck you, Master Parker?’

‘I . . .’ Peter takes a deep breath. ‘I want you to pound my ass until I scream.’

Wade grins down at him. ‘Yes, sir,’ he says, and then he does exactly that.

It’s hard and slow, and then it’s fast and rough, and Peter doesn’t think he’s ever felt anything more acutely. He grasps at the sheets, and he can’t shut up, every exhale a moan or a groan or a whimper. He gazes up into Wade’s brown eyes, sees the lust and the adoration there, and he has to close his eyes again because otherwise he thinks he might cry.

Meanwhile, Wade is talking to him, and a bit to himself. ‘Fuck, baby boy, you’re so hot like this! You feel so fucking good. You’re velvet, silk, you’re like a beautiful dream! I wish I could just stay in you always, feel like this all the time . . . I know, right? It’s like someone plucked him right out of my fantasy . . . So hot, so fucking gorgeous . . . How could I ever want anyone else? I love you, Peter! I love you so fucking much!’

Peter’s eyes spring open when he says it, and he locks his gaze to Wade’s again. He wants to respond, wants to tell Wade how much he loves him back, but the words catch in his throat as Wade thrusts into him again, drawing a moan from his lips. The moan becomes a choked sob, and Peter’s cheeks are wet.

Wade slows, but doesn’t pull out. ‘You okay, Petey?’ His voice sounds anxious. ‘I didn’t hurt you, did I? Should I stop?’

Peter smiles through the tears. ‘Don’t you dare! I’m fine. I’m just happy. Fuck . . . Wade, I love you.’

Wade leans forward to capture his lips, effectively folding Peter in half, but Peter is flexible. He wonders momentarily if he should feel grossed out about sucking on the tongue that was buried in his ass twenty minutes ago, and finds he doesn’t care. He puts his arms around his lover, feeling taught muscles through the fabric of the dress. ‘So hot,’ he murmurs against Wade’s lips. And then, not caring that it’s the cheesiest line ever, he says, ‘Now, no more holding back. Fuck me like it’s our last night on Earth!’

Wade laughs. ‘I won’t last long if I do that,’ he says softly. ‘I’m . . . I’m getting pretty close.’

‘Me too,’ Peter says with a breathless chuckle. ‘Touch me?’

Wade reaches between them and takes Peter’s dick in his hand, and the next minute or so is a blur of panting, moaning, skin-slapping, toe-curling ecstasy before they both reach earth-shattering climax.

Carefully, Wade pulls out, letting Peter unfold again, his now aching legs stretching out on the bed. ‘How you doing?’ he asks softly, and Peter laughs.

‘I’m . . . I’m doing great! Holy shit . . .’

Wade gets off the bed and changes out of his outfit into soft cotton boxers. The french maid thing was hot as hell, but it’s nice to have him back to normal, too. Somehow he still has the energy to clean them both up and change Peter’s dressings.

‘You’ve healed well,’ he comments. ‘Our . . . activity didn’t tear the stitches or anything either. At this rate we can take the stitches out in the morning.’

Peter smiles. ‘I may not have a healing factor as sick as yours, but I do heal a little faster than most people.’

Wade returns the smile, taping the compress in place. ‘Don’t think we need to cover this any extra.’

Peter nods, and his eyelids are feeling heavy now. Wade lies down next to him, pulling the covers over them both and holding Peter close.

The last thing Peter hears before he falls asleep is Wade’s soothing voice whispering, ‘You just get some sleep now, baby boy. I’ll be right here.’

Peter wakes up some time during the night from a buzzing phone. Not his own. He notes Wade getting out of bed, turns over and falls asleep again almost at once. The next time he wakes the room is flooded in sunlight. It must be getting close to midday, and Peter is alone.

*045*2018-12-16 17:27

More omo at last!

Chapter 23

There is no answer to his texts, and Peter’s calls go straight to voicemail. Feeling better than yesterday, he puts on his clothes and heads up to the Bronx to Wade’s apartment, but it is empty and dark with no sign that anyone has been there since yesterday morning, and Peter returns home with a sinking feeling in his stomach. Where could Wade have gone? Did something happen?

By mid afternoon, Peter’s worries have turned to full scale fretting, and he’s pacing his living room, running through his options in his head. He could put on his Spider-Man suit and go look for Wade himself, but even though he feels fine he knows his body is still healing. If he does find Wade and he’s in serious trouble, Peter might not be strong enough to save him. He could contact The Avengers or The Fantastic Four, request their aid in tracking down Wade. But how does he explain to New York City’s greatest heroes that they need to help him save Deadpool? Who else could he try to contact? Daredevil? The X-Men, maybe?

There’s a knock on Peter’s door, and he wants it to be Wade, needs it to be him so badly that he doesn’t even stop to consider who else it might be. Rushing to the door he pulls it open, Wade’s name on his lips, ready to kiss him in relief, punch him for leaving without saying anything—

‘So this is what ya actually look like.’

Peter blinks, staring wide-eyed at the man before him. He’s seen him out of costume before, but he never expected to find him on his doorstep. ‘Logan?’

Wolverine’s hands are in the pockets of his jeans, and he’s dressed in a grey wife beater and checkered flannel shirt. He gives Peter what might constitute a smile on someone else, but on Logan’s gruff face it looks like a grimace. Wordlessly, Peter steps aside, and Logan walks his broad frame into the tiny apartment.

‘Sorry for showin’ up at yer door like this,’ he says, once Peter’s closed the door and is facing him. ‘I know you value yer privacy and guard yer identity like a hawk, but . . . I didn’t really have many options, so I followed my nose.’

Peter crosses his arms across his chest. ‘So . . . What do you want?’

Logan scratches the back of his neck uncomfortably. ‘Don’t really know how to say this . . . Wade’s been captured.’

‘Wait, what? By who?’

‘The Anti-Mutant Defence League. You know ‘em?’

Peter nods, looking away. He slowly walks over to the couch and drops down in a seat. It’s as if all his worries have come to life. Wade’s been captured. They can’t kill him, but . . . Who knows what they’re doing to him by now?

‘What . . . What happened?’ he asks after a few moments’ silence.

Logan leans against the kitchen counter island. ‘After you were shot . . . Wade gave me some intel and asked me to call him if I dug anything up on the bastards that did it.’

‘The bastards that did it are dead,’ Peter points out. He is unable to keep the edge of bitterness out of his voice; he’s forgiven Wade, but that doesn’t mean he has to like it.

‘Yeah, but their bosses ain’t. Anyway, we tracked down a group of ‘em, so I called Wade like I promised, and he came to help us out. But these weren’t like the thugs the two of ya fought the other night. These were professionals. They had skills and know-how. They knew to aim for Wade’s head. He went down like a sack of bricks. Nightcrawler tried to Bamf over and get him out, but . . . He got hurt bad. It was all we could do to get him outta there, and in all the confusion Wade got snatched.’

Peter nods slowly. ‘So, how do we find him?’

Logan shrugs. ‘That part’s already done. Wade’s got kind of a . . . particular scent. I’ve already tracked him, I know where he’s being held. But it’s heavily fortified. Armed guards, all exits covered, alarms . . . We gotta be smart about this, disable the systems, sneak inside, if we wanna get him out. Now, I know you got hurt, but—’

Peter stands up at once. ‘Let me go get changed.’

‘Wade’s gonna try and kill me for gettin’ you involved,’ says Logan, and there’s a hint of amusement in his voice.

‘Yeah, well, Wade can kiss my ass,’ Peter says, heading towards his bedroom.

‘I was under the impression he already had, and then some.’

Peter turns around, and finds Logan actually smiling now. He returns the smile, in spite of himself. ‘Wouldn’t shut up about me, huh?’

‘Wade talks about whatever’s on his mind, most of the time. At the moment, that mostly seems to be you.’ Logan pauses, studying Peter’s face. ‘Gotta admit, I worried that it was all in his head or you were jerkin’ him around somehow . . . But this is as real for you as it is for him, ain’t it?’

Without hesitation, Peter says, ‘Yes.’

Logan nods. ‘Yeah. All right, come up to the roof when you’re done. Pick-up in five.’

Wade doesn’t know how long he’s been chained up like this. He’s in some kind of warehouse or bunker, and he’s been hanging by his wrists from the ceiling since he woke up. It’s getting to be a little uncomfortable, especially since he’s starting to get kind of desperate for a piss, but for the most part he’s just bored out of his skull. He’s been under guard the whole time, and he’s tried talking to his captors, but he gets no response from them.

They’re probably under orders not to talk to us . . .

‘Are you under orders not to talk to me?’ Wade asks out loud. There is no response, and he wriggles a bit, legs swinging a few inches above the concrete floor. ‘Seriously, can I at least go to the bathroom?’

His guard turns away from him and walks over to the room’s only door. He lifts two fingers to his ear, says something in a hushed voice, opens the door and then leaves. Wade wriggles again. He kicks his legs, as if that’s gonna make them longer and let them reach the floor. He could try chewing off his own shoulders, but fighting his way out without arms will be tricky.

He doesn’t look up when the door opens again, still kicking his legs in futility.

‘That won’t do any good, you know.’ It’s a familiar voice, with an unplaceable accent, and Wade looks up in surprise.

‘Really? No! What?’ He squints. ‘Why?’

‘Why not?’ says Daken with a shrug. He stands leaning against the door, his arms crossed casually over his chest. He’s wearing black jeans, a black tank top and combat boots.

Well, that’s one hell of a plot twist . . . Not! Evil baby Wolverine sides with the bad guys!

It’s almost like Daniel Way wrote it. Except then it would be good.

‘I’m guessing,’ Wade kicks his legs again, ‘that you’re not here to rescue me.’

‘You’re guessing right.’

‘I’m guessing also,’ Wade wriggles some more—he really has to piss now, ‘that these guys don’t know that you’re a mutant.’

‘Right again,’ says Daken with a smirk. ‘Aren’t you the clever one, Wade Wilson?’

‘What if I were to tell them?’ Wade challenges.

‘Like they’d believe you over me!’ Daken scoffs. He stands up straight and prowls closer, the tattoo on his arm seeming to swirl with the motion of his muscles as he clenches and unclenches his fist. His black mohawk falls attractively in front of his pale grey eyes. ‘But why would you want to tell them?’ he continues silkily. ‘We don’t have to be enemies, Wade. We could be . . . friends.’

Man, Daken is really hot!

I’m inclined to agree. Bet he makes a spectacular power bottom!

Wade shakes his head. ‘Nuh-uh, baby Wolverine! I’m immune to mind mojo. You can’t sway me!’

Daken smiles, baring his teeth. ‘It’s not mind-mojo, my dear. It’s pure pheromones. Not that I need them. You already want me. Why wouldn’t you?’ He stops in front of Wade, reaches out and cups him through his suit. ‘There are many, many potential benefits to being on my side.’

It’s sort of an impulse. It just seems like the thing to do, really, and his bladder is so full anyway, so with Daken’s hand on him, Wade just lets go.

Daken clearly smells it before he feels it, his nose wrinkling and his brow furrowing, and a second later, as the first drops break through the fabric of the suit, Daken pulls his hand back as if burned.

Wade gives a satisfied sigh as he fills his suit up with urine. ‘Oh man,’ he sighs. ‘I’ve been holding that since last night, however long that’s been . . . Like, would it kill you people to have some windows up in here so I could get an idea of the time?’

‘You are disgusting!’ Daken sneers.

Wade shrugs as well as he can, hanging by his wrists. ‘I told your boys I had to go. They didn’t listen.’

‘And stupid. My side is the winning side.’

‘Chaotic neutral, motherfucker!’ Wade smirks. His piss drips into a puddle on the floor. ‘I’m on my own fucking side.’

Daken turns away with a disgusted look on his face.

‘Hey, prodigal son,’ says Wade. ‘Answer me straight. Why are you siding with the folks who wanna kill folks like you?’

Daken sticks his hands into his pockets and looks back at Wade for a second. ‘Maybe I just want to watch the world burn.’

Wade shakes his head. ‘Nah, man. That’s not it. You wanted to watch the world burn, there’d be plenty more efficient ways of doing it. You’ve got one reason, and one reason only to team up with these shitsticks. You just wanna piss off your dad. Only reason to be this much of a douchenozzle. You two seriously need to hug it out, man.’

Daken rolls his eyes. ‘You fucking hero-types . . . Always trying to fix things.’

‘Hero-type? Moi? I’m flattered, Loganette! But I ain’t a hero. I’m just sick of your daddy issues fucking shit up all the time. When normal people are fighting with their parents they slam doors, maybe knock over a vase. When you fight with your dad, you level whole city blocks. And it’s sooooo fucking passé, dude!’

The punch to his gut comes out of nowhere, and knocks the air out of him, though it’s hardly a surprise. As soon as he’s managed to suck in a breath, Wade laughs.

‘Struck a nerve, didn’t I?’ he wheezes. ‘Oh, my baby Wolverine . . . Get the fuck over yourself. You may be stronger than I am, but I heal better. I’ll outlive you.’

‘True,’ says Daken, flexing his fist with a look of unconcern on his face, ‘but your precious Spider-Man won’t.’

Did he threaten our Peter?

He did. We have to kill him. Like, now.

Wade takes a deep breath and tries not to let any emotion through in his voice. ‘What the shit are you talking about?’

‘Oh, please!’ Daken smirks at him. ‘Even if I hadn’t had the reports of you killing a whole squad of my men to save his life, I can smell him and his cum all over you. Well.’ He wrinkles his nose again. ‘Maybe not anymore. The stench of your urine is fairly overpowering.’

‘Yeah, my piss is pretty potent,’ Wade agrees. ‘Probably strong enough to cover up your pheromones. As for Spidey, you wanna kill him you gotta go through me first!’

Daken laughs a soft, cruel laugh. ‘Oh, Wade . . . But I already have. I’ve got you right here, and you’re not getting out. There is nothing you can do to protect your precious Spider-Man.’

He ain’t wrong. We’re kind of stuck here, and if he could smell Peter on us, he can track him to his home.

We gotta get free! Gotta save Peter!

‘Oh, he better not be even thinking that,’ Wade mutters darkly. ‘Motherfucker better leave my Spidey outta this.’

Daken laughs. ‘Gladly. He’s not who I want. You’re not who I want, either.’

‘No,’ Wade says. ‘You want daddy dearest. So what am I? Bait?’

‘You’re a lucky coincidence, Wilson.’ Daken saunters back towards the door, and Wade can’t help but watch the sway of his hips. ‘You were never part of my plan, but you fit into it nicely. Logan fancies himself a hero.’ He opens the door. ‘Let him be one.’

The door shuts on Daken’s perfectly sculpted ass, and Wade heaves a sigh. His wet suit is rapidly cooling, adding to his discomfort.

It was worth it, though.

He nods at nothing. ‘Fuck yeah.’

###

Daken is, like, my second favourite Marvel villain turned antihero. (One guess as to which is number one.) He was created by Daniel Way and Steve Dillon for the Wolverine: Origins series. (Not to be confused with the film X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which was objectively shit and ruined Deadpool.) Read it!! Daken got to have a go at being Wolverine during the Dark Reign story arc. He's canonically bisexual and is a sexy, sexy boy.

