Holding Back (A Deadpool fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Thorn177

*031*2018-12-03 13:53

{{46 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Holy fuck was this amazing.

}}

Thanks! Have some more.

Chapter 13

‘We’ve made the papers.’ Peter holds up a copy of The Daily Bugle so Wade can see it. On the front page is a photo of the two of them in costume, apparently leaving a crime scene. Wade has his left arm around Peter’s shoulder. In his right he’s carrying one of his swords. There’s clearly blood on it. The picture is taken at night, but wherever they are there’s enough light from the street lamps and nearby buildings to see them by just fine.

‘Hey, I look pretty good!’ says Wade with a grin. ‘Not as good as you, clearly, but still.’

Pretty good? Man, we are ripped as fuck! No wonder Peter likes us!

‘Yeah, you look great,’ Peter says. ‘This picture shouldn’t really have been taken, though. And the article accompanying it . . .’ He shakes his head. ‘It’s not good.’

Wade takes the paper from him and scans the page. ‘Why? What’s it say?’

‘Basically that the menace that is Spider-Man has teamed up with the even greater menace that is Deadpool, and that it’s only a matter of time before people start getting dead. Clearly they haven’t gotten wind of the ones that got dead already, or this piece would be a whole lot worse.’ He takes the paper back and reads out loud, ‘“Deadpool is a mercenary who operated for many years as a gun for hire, killing indiscriminately. His body count, which is not inconsiderable, includes everything from criminals to innocent bystanders, and there are few superheroes he hasn’t fought. Whether he is being paid by Spider-Man or someone else is currently unknown, but either way the public needs to ask itself what Spider-Man is doing together with this bloodthirsty killer.”’

‘Ah. Yeah, that does sound pretty bad.’ Wade scratches his neck self-consciously. Once again it seems his past is coming between him and Peter. ‘I’m sorry.’

Peter drops the paper to the concrete rooftop beneath his feet. He takes off his mask and closes the distance between them, before rolling Wade’s mask up to his nose and kissing him softly on the lips. Wade’s heart leaps.

‘Not your fault,’ Peter whispers. ‘This sucks, but we’ll deal with it.’

Wade slips his arms around Peter’s waist and nods. As much as he loves it, he doubts he’s ever going to get used to this closeness. He breathes in Peter’s scent, of soap and autumn rain, and wonders for what must be the hundredth time today alone how he ever got to be this lucky.

Man, why does he even like us?

What’s not to like? We’re awesome! Did you see that picture in the paper?

No, we’re not. We’re a mess. We shouldn’t rule out the possibility that the past week has been one long on-going hallucination. Or maybe we’re being fed fake memories again.

Wade ignores the boxes. ‘Who, uh . . .’ He clears his throat. ‘Who wrote the piece?’

Peter shrugs. ‘Some nobody columnist called Trever Tate.’

Wade files the name away in the back of his mind for later. Clearly he has some googling to do when he gets home. If this guy’s a threat, he needs to be dealt with.

‘Well, whoever he is I think we’ve wasted enough time on him,’ he says brightly. ‘Let’s go fight some crime!’

Peter smiles and delivers another chaste kiss to his chapped lips. ‘Well, if you insist.’

Two muggings and three drunken brawls later (for a Saturday it’s pretty tame), the two of them are sitting at the edge of a roof eating hotdogs, as though eating hotdogs on rooftops at four in the morning is the most natural thing in the world. Which it is, and Peter wonders when that happened. He doesn’t mind at all, of course. At some point, this became one of his favourite things—sitting on a rooftop with Wade, sharing a meal and listening to him ramble. Another one of his favourite things involves rather less clothing and preferably a bed. The thought makes him smile, where just days ago it would have made him blush.

When Wade, for a rare moment, shuts up, Peter takes his gloved hand and entwines their fingers. He doesn’t know what they are, isn’t sure he needs to define it, but he loves this, loves having Wade near him like this, touching him and listening to his voice, even when he’s just rambling to himself. It feels silly to admit it, makes him feel like a kid, but whatever this relationship is, he wants it to continue.

‘Anyway, Logan totally set me up, let me catch him to lure his son to him. Man, amount of people who wanna kill Wolverine is almost as high as the ones who wanna kill me . . . I know, I said almost. Not selling myself short, here. Least I’m not one of them anymore.’

Peter raises an eyebrow and smiles. ‘Really?’

Wade shrugs. ‘Dude, I haven’t wanted to kill Logan in a long time. Well, not seriously, anyway. Everyone wants to kill their brother every once in a while, right?’

‘Brother?’ Peter’s other eyebrow joins the first.

Another shrug. ‘We share a healing factor. Figure that makes us as close to family as I’m likely to get. Was still kind of a surprise to see him again, though.’

Peter frowns. ‘You’ve seen him recently? I didn’t know he was in New York.’

‘Well yeah, he came to—’ Wade cuts himself off suddenly, as if he’s said something he shouldn’t. ‘You know, it doesn’t matter. He stopped by to say hi is all. Daken’s in town, so he was really here to see him.’

Peter isn’t quite sure he believes that. From what he knows about Wolverine (which admittedly isn’t all that much, as he’s only met him a couple of times and only professionally) he doesn’t seem the type to make social calls. At the same time, he can’t see why Wade would lie to him, and he doesn’t want to distrust him.

Wade seems to be reading his mind, because he sighs and squeezes his hand. ‘Look, it’s really not important. There’s some mutant shit going down, so Logan wanted to give me the head’s up, cause we’ve teamed up together lots of times and he felt like he owed me or whatever. But you and me, we’re not mutants, so there shouldn’t be anything to worry about. Okay?’

Peter nods, and leans into Wade’s side. ‘So, what’s going on?’

‘Just anti-mutant groups stirring up trouble, business as usual. Shouldn’t affect us, and the X-Men and X-Force are pretty much on top of it, anyway. You’ve got enough to worry about, so . . .’ He trails off.

‘You didn’t want to worry me.’

‘Exactly.’

Peter nods again. ‘Okay. I guess I can appreciate that.’

Wade chuckles softly and shakes his head, glancing sideways at Peter. ‘You’re too good to me, baby boy.’ He cups his cheek and leans in to kiss him. He tastes like hotdogs. Peter doesn’t mind one bit. Wade’s supposed to taste like junk food.

Lips and tongues seek each other, deepening and intensifying the kiss, and by the time they come up for air Peter feels warm and flushed and there are so many things he wants. He wants to invite Wade to his place again, wants to take him into his bed and do dirty things to him. But it’s already late, and he has plans tomorrow. A sudden inspiration strikes him.

‘Hey, Wade . . . I promised my aunt I’d have lunch with her tomorrow, so I should get home soon.’ He sees Wade’s face fall slightly, and presses on quickly, ‘But tomorrow’s Sunday, and it’ll be a slow crime day anyway, so . . . You wanna just come to my place tomorrow, instead of going out patrolling? I mean, I could, like, cook or something. I’m not a great cook, but . . . Like, we could have dinner and watch some TV or whatever you want and just, well, hang.’

While Peter speaks, Wade’s face splits into a wide grin. ‘Are you asking me on a date, Parker?’ he purrs softly once Peter’s finished.

Peter grins back. ‘Yeah, I guess I am. I mean, just a night in, but . . . Do you want to?’

‘You have to ask?’ Wade kisses him again, more gently than before. ‘I’d love to.’ He lets go of Peter and stands. ‘If you’re gonna have lunch with your aunt you should probably get home and get some sleep. I’ll come by around seven?’

‘Yeah.’ Peter stands too. ‘Seven should be fine.’ He gives Wade one final kiss and readies his web-shooter. ‘I’ll see you tomorrow night, then!’ Then he swings away, giddy as a school girl, with what feels like a permanent grin plastered to his face, because tomorrow he has a date with Wade Wilson.

Wade snuggles down in his blanket fort and opens his laptop. A quick Google search reveals little of interest on Trever Tate. He has a Facebook profile with very little public information, a Twitter full of mostly civil political tweets and otherwise pictures of food, and a blog where he posts about the dangers of mutants going unchecked. He seems like your regular garden-variety anti-mutant activist.

Impossible. He has an alliterative name. That means he has to be important.

Unless the writer’s just throwing us a red herring.

Herring? Where?

Wade follows a few links from the blog and clicks into an anti-mutant subreddit. It contains pretty much what you’d expect—spurred on by the anonymity of the net, folks are spewing vitriol and hate, though there’s an active and vocal minority who discuss civilly and reasonably. They express concern for the safety of their children, should mutants choose to abuse their powers, and calmly discuss options for subduing them if they do. There are some references to the AMDL, as well as other anti-mutant groups.

Trever Tate is among the reasonable ones. His discourse is almost annoyingly civilised, peppered with smiley faces and bland jokes, giving him every appearance of being utterly harmless.

Unless some of these angry haters are his sock puppets.

‘Hm, a definite possibility, of course . . . Make yourself out to seem nicer by making other people appear the opposite.’ Wade closes the reddit tab with a sigh. ‘Doesn’t seem like we’re gonna find anything this way. I’m not that net-savvy, anyway.’

We should just jerk off and then go to sleep.

Good idea. Masturbation always cheers us up.

It’s tempting, but Wade shakes his head. Instead, he sends an e-mail to Domino, asking her if she’s heard of Trever Tate and if she thinks he may be part of the trouble that’s brewing. Then, as he can’t think of anything else to do (as tempting as jerking off is, he’s not really feeling it tonight), he goes to sleep. He’s going to see Peter tomorrow. He needs his beauty sleep.

*032*2018-12-05 02:25

Aunt May is just the best.

Chapter 14

At one o’clock the following day, Peter goes to his aunt’s house. They chat over leftover tuna casserole. Aunt May is in a good mood, pleased to see her nephew, and more than ever Peter feels as though he never left, like everything is exactly the way it’s always been. Except that he didn’t used to have dates with former mercenaries lined up for afterwards.

‘So,’ she says, ‘has anything interesting happened since last time?’

Peter shrugs. ‘I dunno if I’d say interesting . . .’ He hesitates.

Aunt May looks at him shrewdly. ‘What aren’t you telling me, Peter?’ She reaches out and squeezes his hand. ‘You know you can tell me anything, don’t you?’

He smiles, because of course he knows that. He always could, and he can’t see why that should stop now. ‘Okay,’ he sighs. ‘Remember that friend I told you about? Wade?’ She nods. ‘Well, it’s possible that he’s . . . not quite just a friend.’

A silence follows, during which Aunt May looks at him with an expression of mild surprise on her face. Peter waits, a nervous fluttering in his stomach. Then she smiles. ‘I see. Well, you should bring him over for dinner some time, then.’

Peter can’t help but laugh. He had expected disbelief, questions, something other than this, but Aunt May’s unconditional acceptance of his choices doesn’t really surprise him so much as it confirms what a singularly kind and understanding human being she is.

‘I’m not sure we’re at the meet the family stage quite yet, but . . . Yeah, some time. I’m seeing him tonight, actually. He’s coming over. I’m cooking. Don’t know what yet.’ He feels himself blush a little, but that’s okay. Aunt May can see him blush any time.

‘You look happy,’ she says. ‘I’m glad. You deserve to be happy. I take it he’s happy, too?’

Peter laughs again at this. ‘Oh, yeah. He’s over the moon about it all. He’s . . . liked me for a long time, I guess. I never really understood that I liked him too, but I really do. It’s different for sure, but it’s nice. I’ve never . . . I mean, I’ve only really liked girls before . . .’ He trails off, because as much as he can talk to Aunt May about anything, this topic still feels a little awkward.

Aunt May waves her hand in a gesture of unconcern. ‘You know none of that matters to me, sweetie. As long as you’re happy, I’m happy.’

‘Oh, I am,’ says Peter softly. ‘We haven’t really defined this yet, I guess we’re taking it slow, but . . . Yeah. I’m definitely happy.’

‘Good!’ says Aunt May brightly. ‘Have some more casserole.’

Peter buys ingredients for Bolognese on the way home. It’s probably the only dish he knows how to cook well, as he usually doesn’t have the time or the energy to cook for himself. He gets ground beef, bacon, tomatoes, onions, garlic, carrots, celery, and a bottle of red wine. He considers the pots of fresh herbs, but decides against it as he doesn’t really know how to use them. Black pepper and dried oregano will have to do for seasoning.

Cooking takes most of the afternoon, but Peter’s in a good mood. He listens to music while he chops vegetables, and while the sauce is cooking he cleans up and sets the table.

He’s pretty sure ‘around seven’ means ‘closer to eight’ to Wade, so he holds off on cooking the spaghetti. He’s extremely surprised therefore when his doorbell rings at five to seven. Surprised, but not unhappy. He’s even more pleasantly surprised when Wade enters his apartment in jeans and a hoodie, and without his Deadpool mask.

‘Hey,’ says Wade and smiles a little sheepishly. He’s got his hands in the front pocket of his hoodie, a black one with the Avengers ‘A’ on the front.

Peter’s dressed himself in fitted black jeans and a purple button-down. He smiles back, closing the door and pulling Wade into a hug. Then he kisses him gently on the lips.

‘Hey yourself,’ says Peter, letting him go. ‘Make yourself at home. Dinner’s almost done.’

Wade seems to take in the set table, complete with a lit candle, and whistles. ‘You’re gonna spoil me, Petey.’

Peter laughs, going back to the kitchenette to put on the spaghetti. ‘Don’t get ahead of yourself. You haven’t tried the food yet, and I have it on good authority that I can’t cook worth a damn.’

‘Well, it sure smells nice,’ says Wade. He takes a seat on the couch and watches Peter as he moves around the kitchen getting everything ready. ‘So, what’s cookin’, good lookin’?’

‘Spaghetti Bolognese,’ Peter replies, rolling his eyes. ‘I would have made tacos, but Mexican food isn’t exactly my forte, so then most of it would have come out of a bag. And I, you know, I wanted to cook something from scratch.’

Behind him he hears Wade hum happily. ‘You’re too good to me, baby boy. You give me home-cooked dinner and a show, what with that gorgeous ass of yours moving round the kitchen in those tight jeans . . .’

Peter snorts and turns around. ‘You’re so corny!’

‘You love it!’ Wade retorts.

Pulling his fingers through his dark hair, Peter looks away and smiles. ‘God help me, I do.’ Then, to stop things from becoming awkward, he picks the wine bottle up off the counter (he’s used just a splash in the sauce), and asks, ‘Wine?’

‘Sure.’ Wade smiles.

Peter fills their glasses and brings one over to Wade. Wade takes it from him, and then grabs his hand. Looking straight up into Peter’s eyes, he presses his palm to his lips. The gesture feels impossibly intimate, and Peter has to clear his throat all of a sudden.

They sit down to eat a few minutes later, and with the first bite Wade makes a sound not entirely unlike the sound he makes right before he comes. ‘Oh. My. God. What the fuck do you mean, you can’t cook? This is amazeballs!’

Peter can’t help but laugh. ‘It’s just spaghetti, Wade.’

‘This is not “just spaghetti”.’ Wade takes a sip of his wine. ‘This is like a taste orgasm! Gordon Ramsay can make “just spaghetti”. The finest Italian chef in New York City couldn’t make anything better than this! It’s like it was made by a housewife in Bologna! What are you laughing at, Parker?’

Peter is clutching his side and gasping for breath. ‘You’re adorable!’ he manages to get out, once he’s got his breath back. Then he looks at Wade and smiles. ‘Thank you. I’m glad you like it.’

‘I love it!’ says Wade pointedly. He takes another bite, and Peter watches him close his eyes and moan. Through his wild gesticulation, his hood has slipped off, revealing the full extent of his bald, scarred head. It’s a testament to how comfortable he must be feeling that he doesn’t seem to care. ‘Seriously, so fucking good. No one’s cooked me dinner in—hang on, did you call me adorable?’

Peter chuckles softly as he swallows down a bite of his own. It actually did turn out pretty well, if he says so himself. ‘Yeah, well you are adorable.’

‘Of course I am,’ Wade says without missing a beat. ‘But I’m not used to people noticing.’

‘Well,’ says Peter, shrugging one shoulder, ‘you’ll just have to get used to me noticing.’

They finish eating to light conversation, and when all the food and wine is gone they move to the couch. Peter’s about to suggest they put on a movie or something when Wade pulls him into a tight embrace and kisses him. All other thoughts quickly vanish from Peter’s mind, and they spend a good half hour on the couch, making out like teenagers.

Finally Peter stands up and, taking Wade’s scarred hand in his, leads him towards the bedroom. He pushes Wade down on the bed and, with slow deliberation, palms him through his pants. Wade groans and shuts his eyes.

‘I wanna make you feel good, Wade,’ Peter whispers. ‘I wanna make you feel so good.’

‘Dunno how . . . you can make me feel any better than you already do . . . Petey-pie . . .’ Wade gasps out the words.

Peter only smiles, and pops the button on Wade’s jeans. He pulls them down to reveal pink silk boxers, which is simultaneously utterly adorkable and kind of hot. He touches Wade through the silky fabric and watches him squirm. Then he pulls down the boxers, too, and takes him into his mouth.

He’s wanted to do this for a while, at least since that first night Wade came over, but he’s been too nervous to go for it. Not tonight, though. Tonight he feels uncharacteristically bold and confident, and the way Wade’s body responds to his ministrations only enhances that feeling. One of Wade’s hands is in his hair, grasping but not pulling, his fist clenching and unclenching. He makes the most beautiful sounds when Peter swipes his tongue just so. Peter feels impossibly turned on.

Between moans and gasps, Wade’s mouth is running more or less constantly. ‘Oh, fuck, Peter . . . Feels so good, can’t believe it feels so good, shit . . . Oh please, Peter, please! Oh, I’m so close . . . Pete, you should really . . . Fuck, I’m gonna come soon!’

Peter does not remove his mouth. Wade’s rambling only spurs him on, makes him want to see this through, and he does. When Wade comes with a moan deep in his throat, Peter swallows it down, lets the taste of him fill his mouth.

He wipes his lips and looks up at Wade’s face. His eyes are wide and he’s panting, fisting the sheets beneath him. ‘You’re so hot!’ Peter murmurs.

Wade laughs weakly. ‘You better get your eyes checked, baby boy.’

‘Don’t contradict me,’ says Peter calmly. He sits up properly and scoots up so he can plant his lips on Wade’s, who moans into the kiss. ‘If I say you’re hot, you’re hot.’

Wade strokes his cheek with a rough palm, and the look in his brown eyes is soft and tender. ‘Only you can almost make me believe that, you know.’

‘Just almost? I’d better try harder.’ Peter brushes his lips softly against Wade’s.

‘Best. Date. Ever,’ Wade murmurs into the kiss.

‘It’s not over yet,’ Peter responds. ‘Tell me, Wade Wilson. What do you want?’

‘You’ve already given me so much,’ says Wade softly. ‘What more could I possibly want?’

‘Not what I asked,’ says Peter. ‘Now tell me. What do you want?’

Wade seems to be debating with himself. His lips move but no sound comes out, and he looks pleadingly up at Peter.

Peter runs his fingers over Wade’s scarred cheek. ‘Tell me,’ he prompts.

Wade shuts his eyes, takes a deep breath and opens them again. Finally he clears his throat and whispers, ‘I want you to fuck me.’

A flutter goes through Peter’s chest and stomach at the words, and for a moment he’s frozen. Then he crashes his lips into Wade’s again, kissing him hard. He bites Wade’s bottom lip, producing a low-pitched whine from the other. Finally, he comes up for air and, looking straight into Wade’s eyes, whispers, ‘I can do that.’

*034*2018-12-05 04:06

{{34 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Fuck this is so great

}}

Hehe, thank you! The next chapter is almost entirely porn. I'll put it up tomorrow.

*035*2018-12-05 22:27

'The internet is for porn, the internet is for porn . . . Why do you think the net was born? Porn! Porn! Porn!'

Chapter 15

Wade could punch himself in the face. It wouldn’t be the first time. He wasn’t going to do this, wasn’t going to ask for anything. It might freak Peter out or he’s not ready for it or this will otherwise ruin a good thing.

But Peter kisses him fiercely, and tells him he’ll do it, and Wade feels conflicted. He wonders if he should take it back, if Peter now feels pressured into something he doesn’t really want to do. Because if that’s the case, he hates himself.

Ever occur to you that Peter might want this as much as we do, Wilson?

What’s up with you worrying about the consequences so much all of a sudden?

‘Wait here,’ Peter murmurs against Wade’s lips. ‘Lube’s in the bathroom.’ He gets up and shimmies out of the room, and Wade’s left on the bed, flaccid cock hanging out.

No! What if he changes his mind?

Dude, why would he even have lube if he hadn’t been thinking about this? Straight dudes don’t need lube.

Unless they’re kinky.

Petey isn’t kinky.

As far as we know . . .

‘This is a bad idea,’ Wade moans out loud. ‘If we’re fucking, I’ll have to get naked and then he’ll see . . . well, everything. What if it grosses him out? It would gross me out . . .’

Yup. Instant mood killer.

But he’s seen our body before.

Yeah, but only parts of it, never all of it at once.

‘I’m so stupid!’ Wade covers his eyes with his hands. ‘Stupid, stupid, stupid . . .’

‘Hey.’ Peter must have moved so silently Wade didn’t even hear him come in. Now he covers Wade’s hands with his own and pulls them away from his eyes. ‘Wade. You okay?’ The look on his face is filled with concern, and Wade hates himself even more.

‘Yeah, I’m fine!’ he says, voice higher than usual, and forces himself to grin. ‘A-okay, baby boy!’

Peter sits back on his haunches, arms crossed and one eyebrow raised. ‘If you’re having second thoughts about this, just tell me. We don’t have to do this now if you don’t want to.’

Wade hesitates.

Don’t be an idiot, Wilson! We’re finally about to get some! Don’t screw this up!

Wade lets out a breath. ‘It’s not that. It’s really not that. I . . . I want this, believe me. I’ve wanted it since . . . Well. A good long while. I just . . . I mean, do you want this?’

Peter laughs. It’s not a cruel or derisive laugh. It’s a kind laugh that brightens up his face with relief and mirth. ‘Are you kidding? Wade, I may not have been with a guy before, but I’m not exactly a virgin, or a prude.’ He leans down and brushes his lips softly against Wade’s. ‘I want this,’ he whispers. ‘I want you.’

Wade pushes himself up on his elbows and kisses Peter hard, because with all he’s done and everyone he’s been with, he can’t remember anyone ever saying that to him before. Then he pulls away, hesitant again.

‘I’ve . . . I’ve never done this before. Been on the receiving end, I mean. At least not that I can remember.’ If his skin would allow it, he would be blushing. But Peter just smiles.

‘I’ll go slow, then.’

Peter takes off his shirt and pants, leaving his boxers on. They’re purple, like the shirt he was wearing. It’s a good colour on him. Wade takes in his toned chest and stomach, and the well-defined bulge in his underwear. Any worries he had that Peter doesn’t actually want this die right then, because he’s clearly hard. Wade runs his hands up Peter’s strong arms and down his smooth torso, feeling the contours of lean muscles beneath his fingertips. Peter bites his lip and releases a low sound of pleasure when Wade’s rough fingers brush over his nipples. Then he touches the hem of Wade’s hoodie, and Wade holds his breath. Peter halts his movement.

‘If there’s any of this you’re uncomfortable with, anything you don’t want, or if you want me to stop, just tell me, okay?’

Wade gives a weak chuckle. ‘I’m just worried it’ll kill your hard-on.’

Peter laughs again. ‘Hasn’t so far, so what makes you think it will now?’

Keeping his big hazel eyes locked to Wade’s, he slowly pushes the hoodie up his torso. Wade shifts, sitting up enough that Peter can pull it off him before doing the same with the blue t-shirt he’s wearing underneath. He takes a moment to press several kisses to Wade’s collar bone and chest. The scarred skin doesn’t seem to bother him one bit. The warm softness of his lips makes Wade’s pulse rush a mile a minute, and he’s already getting hard again.

Thank you, healing factor that gives us the sexual stamina of a seventeen-year-old.

Peter moves on to Wade’s pants next, pulling them off him the rest of the way, along with the pink silk boxers (an impulse purchase he made a few days ago for shits and giggles, and also because he thought they were pretty). Peter runs his palms up Wade’s scarred legs, and they’re so warm and smooth. Wade’s breath hitches slightly in his throat as Peter strokes the insides of his thighs.

‘Come here,’ Wade says hoarsely. Peter stretches out on top of him, his hardness digging into Wade’s hip bone through the cotton of his boxers, and Wade puts his arms around him, stroking his back. Then he finds Peter’s lips, kisses him with all he’s got and squeezes his firm ass until Peter is moaning and rutting against him. When they break apart, Peter is looking down at him, pupils blown wide in the dim light of the bedroom. He kisses Wade’s jaw, neck and collarbone, and moves his lips and hands down his body. Then he grabs a pillow and slides it under Wade’s ass.

Peter reaches for the lube bottle he brought back from the bathroom and settles himself between Wade’s legs. He squirts a generous amount onto his finger and begins the work of prepping him.

The initial touch tickles. The lube is cold, and Wade feels a shudder go through his body. Then Peter pushes his finger inside. Wade gasps at the intrusion.

‘You okay?’ asks Peter, not moving.

Wade nods, trying to steady his breathing and relax. ‘Yeah. Yeah, I’m good. Keep going.’

Peter does, and Wade throws his head back with a groan, squirming under his touch. Peter opens him up with long, nimble fingers, and it’s not at all like he hasn’t done this before. A few times he manages to curl his fingers just right, to push against Wade’s prostate, causing Wade to moan loudly and his cock to go rock hard again.

‘That healing factor’s handy, isn’t it?’ Peter says huskily when he notices. ‘You reload quick.’ When he seems to deem Wade prepped enough, he pulls his fingers out and reaches for the drawer in the nightstand, pulling out a condom.

Wade swallows. ‘You probably don’t need that, you know,’ he says softly. ‘I mean, I can’t get diseases, so I can’t infect you either, and . . . I mean, unless you want to wear one, that’s cool. You can decide . . . Shut up, Wilson!’ he mutters, feeling way more awkward and embarrassed than he thinks he should.

Peter drops the condom on the nightstand and smiles sheepishly. ‘Force of habit. I didn’t even think about that . . .’

Wade watches in anticipation as Peter pulls off his purple boxers to reveal his dick, and is once again struck by how beautiful he is, his proportions and angles, the tufts of dark hair trailing from his belly button down to his manhood. Wade exhales slowly, trying to calm his frantic heart.

Peter lubes himself up, and then positions himself before pushing inside.

The pressure is amazing. A little painful, and so, so good. Peter stops every once in a while, to make sure Wade’s okay, moving inside inch by inch. Then, with one fluid roll of his hips, he sinks in to the hilt, and they both gasp simultaneously, and then laugh.

‘You okay?’ Peter asks for what must be the millionth time, and strokes Wade’s cheek with the backs of his fingers. Wade takes his hand and squeezes it.

‘Yeah. I’m good.’

Peter smiles, a mischievous glint in his eye. ‘Yeah, you are.’ Then he pulls out a little and thrusts back in with a groan, biting his lip. ‘Oh, my God . . . So good!’

They go slow for a while, getting used to each other. Wade is almost surprised at how much he’s enjoying this. Getting fucked by Spider-Man has been a long time fantasy, but he’s never actually taken the time to consider whether or not he would actually like being on the receiving end of anal sex. Now that he is, he wonders how he’s managed to forego it for so long, because this is pretty fucking awesome.

He moves his hips in time with Peter, pushing back against his thrusts. He looks up at his face, his closed eyes, the pink tint in his cheeks and the sweat on his brow, and thinks that there is nowhere he would rather be right now. This moment is perfect.

‘Shit, Peter,’ he murmurs when Peter opens his eyes again. ‘You’re so fucking beautiful.’ He slides his palms down Peter’s back and cups his ass. ‘What are you doing here with me? How the fuck did I get this lucky?’

Peter gives a hard thrust in and holds still. Wade thinks he can feel him pulsing inside him. ‘I’m here because I want to be,’ he says softly. ‘I’m here because I want you.’ He lowers his body down until their torsos are flush together and his weight rests on Wade, and delivers a wet, passionate kiss to his lips. Then he says, ‘Now, is there anything in particular you’d like me to do?’

Wade licks his lips and laughs softly. ‘Fuck, baby boy . . . You asking?’

‘I’m asking. Tell me what you want.’

Wade lets go of Peter’s ass. He finds his hands on either side of his torso and entwines their fingers. ‘Well, in that case,’ he whispers, and he’s somehow no longer nervous, meeting Peter’s eyes, ‘I’d like you to hold me down and fuck me into the mattress.’

Peter smirks. Squeezing Wade’s hands, he puts his full weight on them and raises himself up. He pulls almost all the way out, and then thrusts back in, hard. ‘Like this?’ he gasps.

Wade nods through a groan, because he doesn’t trust himself to speak.

‘And this?’ Peter repeats the movement, putting yet more force behind it.

‘Fuck! Yes . . .’ Wade whimpers. ‘God, yes! Please! Don’t . . . Don’t hold back!’

‘I dunno if you’ve noticed,’ says Peter, thrusting in again, ‘but I am really strong.’

‘I dunno if you’ve noticed,’ Wade repeats, ‘but I can take it.’

Peter stills, and seems to study Wade’s face intently. ‘You sure about this?’

Wade gazes up at him, taking a few steadying breaths. ‘Fuck yeah.’

Peter nods once. ‘Okay.’

The next few minutes are a blur of sensation. Wade feels like his entire body is aflame, and soon he can’t keep quiet, every thrust eliciting a moan or gasp or shout. Peter is fucking into him with abandon, his eyes shut tight and his thrusts accompanied by heavy breaths.

‘Shit, Wade,’ he gasps, forgetting not to swear, ‘you feel so good! So tight and beautiful for me, God . . . I’m not gonna be able to keep this up for much longer.’ He meets Wade’s eyes and the look on his sweaty face is wild. ‘You wanna come?’ he asks, voice rough and husky.

Wade can do nothing but nod, and Peter lets go of one of his hands, reaching in between them and taking hold of Wade’s dick.

‘Then come for me,’ he whispers, giving a few rough strokes, and Wade does so with a loud groan. Peter doesn’t stop, fucks him through it, and then his movements become erratic, his hips bucking wildly, and he shouts and collapses on Wade’s sticky chest.

Wade puts his arms around Peter and hugs him tight. He strokes his sweaty hair back with his fingers and when Peter finally lifts his head to look at him, kisses him gently on the lips.

‘That,’ Wade declares in a low rumble, ‘was awesome!’

Peter chuckles and buries his nose in the crook of Wade’s neck with a sigh. ‘Yeah, that was pretty good,’ he agrees. He draws a few deep breaths, tickling Wade’s marred skin when he exhales, and props himself up on his elbow. He smiles gently down at Wade and trails his fingers along his jawline. ‘You feeling okay?’

Wade laughs. ‘What, awesome not good enough for you? I feel great, honey-buns.’ He shifts a little. Peter’s still inside him and both their stomachs are sticky with Wade’s cum.

Peter seems to have noticed that as well. ‘You want a shower? There are fresh towels under the sink.’

‘Sure, a shower sounds nice,’ Wade admits. Then, ‘You could come with me, you know.’

‘Yeah?’ Peter smiles and kisses Wade’s cheek. ‘Sure, I’ll come with.’

They disentangle from each other and Peter pulls out of him. Wade feels oddly empty with him gone. They walk naked, hand in hand, to the bathroom, and Wade feels too blissfully happy to even notice the stark contrast of his own scarred, red tinged skin next to Peter’s flawless alabaster complexion. They clean each other up and make out under the stream of hot water. Then they go back to bed (‘Don’t worry about the cum-stains, I’ll just change the sheets tomorrow,’ Peter assures him) and slip under the covers naked, curling up in each other’s arms.

Before sleep claims them both, Peter kisses Wade softly on the lips and whispers, ‘Good night.’

‘Good night, baby boy,’ Wade replies in a tired murmur, and before he knows it, he’s fast asleep.

*036*2018-12-07 03:56

Chapter 16

Peter wakes up in Wade’s arms and smiles to himself. The last time Wade slept over he was gone before Peter woke up, but now the ex-merc has his chest and stomach pressed up against Peter’s back, his slow breathing tickling the back of Peter’s neck. Peter glances at the alarm clock on the night stand. It’s only six thirty, and his first lecture doesn’t start until ten today. He is at first surprised that he’s even awake, but then he realises that they actually went to bed fairly early last night, exhausted from their . . . activity.

Since it’s so early, Peter wants most of all to just go back to sleep, but he does kind of need to pee. He shifts, trying to remove himself from Wade’s embrace without waking him, but upon his movement, Wade pulls him tighter to his chest and Peter discovers morning wood pressing quite insistently against his asscheek.

‘Mm,’ Wade protests sleepily. ‘Warm . . . Stay here.’

Peter chuckles softly and caresses Wade’s arm with his fingertips. ‘I kind of need a piss, though.’

‘So do I, but it’s not like I’m gonna be able to with this hard-on anyway.’ Wade slips his hand slowly down Peter’s stomach. ‘In the spirit of solidarity, I think it’s only fair that you help me out, here. It’s basically your fault that I’m like this, anyway. Wiggling your ass against me all night.’ He finds what he’s looking for and gives Peter’s half hard cock a few languid strokes. Peter hisses.

‘That’s just cruel,’ he mumbles.

‘No it’s not,’ Wade replies. ‘Besides, coming when you need to pee can be pretty intense.’

Peter rolls his eyes and then rolls over onto his back. He looks up into Wade’s soft brown eyes, and Wade bends his neck to kiss him lazily and sloppily. Morning breath and all, the kiss makes Peter feel warm in all the right places. Then Wade rolls on top of him and grabs both of their dicks in one large hand. Peter throws his head back and moans.

It doesn’t take long. The point isn’t to make it last, after all. Wade comes first with a gasp and a moan, and Peter follows seconds later with a shudder. Wade rests his forehead on Peter’s, and they just lie there for a few moments, coming down. When Wade finally flops over onto his back with a satisfied sigh, Peter starts getting up.

‘I said it first, so you’ll have to wait.’

‘We could go together. We could cross the streams!’ Wade suggests, grinning widely.

Peter laughs and shakes his head. ‘Sounds potentially messy. I think I’ll take a rain check on that.’

‘Suit yourself,’ says Wade, crossing his arms behind his head. ‘I can hold it.’

Peter goes to do his business, and when he gets out of the bathroom again he finds Wade standing stark naked in his kitchen, peering into his fridge.

‘You want pancakes, baby boy?’ he asks. ‘Man, I haven’t made breakfast in ages. My kitchen is not safe to cook in . . . It’s seriously roach city.’

Peter smiles. ‘Sure.’

Wade makes excellent pancakes, as it turns out. It’s nice to sit down and eat breakfast for a change. Most mornings Peter falls out of bed five minutes before he has to leave home, so he doesn’t get to have breakfast very often. He tells Wade this.

‘Aww! I’ll come make you pancakes every morning so you don’t have to go to school hungry, snookums! I’ll even get some top grade Canadian maple syrup for next time.’ Wade grins. Peter smiles around a bite of pancake.

‘Well,’ says Wade when they’ve finished eating and are clearing away the dishes, ‘I guess I should fuck off soon, so you can get ready for school, huh?’

Peter finishes drying a plate and puts it in the cupboard, shrugging one shoulder. ‘Well, I mean, you can hang out here if you want, I don’t mind.’

Wade giggles. Actually giggles, like a twelve-year-old girl. ‘You mean I could be like your little wifey and clean your apartment and have dinner on the table when you get home?’

Peter feels himself blush. ‘I didn’t really mean—’

‘That would be so awesome, Petey-pie!’ Wade throws him a huge grin. ‘I should really head home, though. I mean, I’ve got shit that needs doing. Gun maintenance, suit repair, online stalking of one Mr. Ryan Reynolds . . .’

Peter shakes his head and smiles, turning his back on Wade to put away the last plate. Arms encircle him from behind and pull him into a tight embrace, skin against skin. Peter's in pyjama pants. Wade's wearing his jeans and not much else yet.

‘See you tonight?’ Wade murmurs in his ear. ‘For patrol and then maybe a little R&R after?’

Peter turns around and kisses him on the lips. ‘Definitely.’ He strokes Wade’s upper arms, feeling the play of muscles under his palms as Wade tightens his fists in Peter’s shirt. ‘You know, I was really nervous about last night.’

‘Really? You didn’t seem like it, not even a little.’

‘Well, once we got started it didn’t seem like there was much point being nervous anymore. I mean, you seemed to like it.’

Wade chuckles and brushes his lips against Peter’s neck. ‘You bet your sweet little ass I did.’

‘I guess mostly I was worried that you’d find me boring.’

Wade pulls back a bit and searches his face. ‘Why would I find you boring?’

Peter laughs softly. ‘Because I’m almost painfully vanilla? And you somehow strike me as, well, not.’

Wade seems to consider this for a moment. He smooths back Peter’s hair absentmindedly and chews his lip. ‘It’s true that I’ve got a kink list a mile long,’ he admits at last. ‘And yeah, there’s a lot of that stuff that I’d like to try out with you some time, if you’re up for it. But Petey,’ and here he looks straight into Peter’s eyes, ‘that shit, it’s just icing, you know? Actually, scratch that, it’s not even icing, it’s just decoration. Not even the spun sugar kind, I’m talking little plastic cake decorations that you can’t even eat. And you’re the cake. Right now, when we’re in bed together, you’re my main kink.’

A brief silence follows, during which Peter realises that this may be the closest Wade has ever come to a declaration of love when there’s any chance at all that his feelings may be returned. He does the only thing he can think of, and captures Wade’s mouth in a deep and lasting kiss.

‘Likewise,’ he murmurs when they finally break apart. With great regret he releases Wade and takes a step back towards the kitchen counter. There is nothing he’d rather do than skip all his classes today and take Wade straight back to bed, but these lectures are important. ‘I should go get ready.’

Wade nods. ‘Yeah. I’ll get out of your hair. See you tonight, baby boy!’

It’s been a long time, a really long time, since anyone has looked at Wade, at his bare skin, without showing disgust. The scars and sores and scabs usually outright scare people away. His appearance has been insulted, laughed at, and has even caused a couple of people to vomit. Nobody has looked at Wade, really looked at him, and seen just another human being since . . . Well, since before Weapon X. Before the cancer.

That’s what makes Peter so remarkable. That he looks at Wade and sees just Wade. He doesn’t seem to mind or care about the way he looks. He doesn’t draw away. Doesn’t recoil in disgust. He touches Wade’s skin, on purpose, and can still get it up. That alone is incredible.

Hey, remember that poor rent boy in Vegas? He was so freaked out when we took off our pants he couldn’t go through with it.

Yeah, but we paid him anyway. Wasn’t his fault. Natural reaction, really.

It’s why it’s so hard to believe Peter sometimes. Because how can it be true? How can anyone look at Wade and not care how ugly he is? Wade has no illusions about how he looks. The world won’t let him. He knows he’s hideous. He’s not ashamed of it, exactly. It is what it is. But he doesn’t like it when people stare too much, and he doesn’t like scaring them.

That’s a lie. We love scaring people! Just not necessarily all the time.

We should be dating Daredevil instead. That would make this whole thing not an issue as he can’t see anyway. It would be great!

Wade sighs and unlocks the door to his building.

‘Good morning, Mr. Wilson!’ a cheery voice greets him. It’s Mrs. Rodriguez from two doors down. She smiles brightly at him. She’s got her son in tow, a tiny little thing no more than three.

Wade pulls his hood forward, making sure his face is in shadow and returns the smile. He doesn’t want to scare the kid. He’s shy.

‘Morning, Mrs. Rodriguez. Morning, Max!’

Max looks up at him with large brown eyes, and then he grins widely. ‘We’re going to the park!’ So, less shy today, then.

‘That’s awesome. Do they have swings there? I love the swings! When I was a kid I used to compete with my friend over who could get the swing to go higher. I always won, cause he chickened out.’ Wade has no idea if this is a real memory or not, but he’s not sure it matters.

‘Max likes the slide, don’t you, Max?’ Mrs. Rodriguez smiles fondly at her little boy and ruffles his hair.

‘Matteo does too!’ Max squeaks happily.

‘Matteo’s his friend he plays with at the park,’ Mrs. Rodriguez explains.

It’s weird calling her Mrs. She’s like ten years younger than us.

She’s someone’s mom. That makes her Mrs. Besides, she calls us Mr. Wilson.

‘What about you? Been out for a morning stroll?’ she asks.

Wade shrugs. ‘Spent the night at a friend’s place.’

‘A friend, huh?’ She smiles even more brightly. ‘Good for you! Well, we should get going before too many big kids occupy the slide.’

‘Have fun!’ Wade waves them off and heads off up the stairs.

It’s weird having neighbours who recognise him and talk to him. He did background checks on everyone in the building when he moved in, so he knows who they all are. Mrs. Rodriguez is a nurse, while her husband’s a dock worker. Usually they manage to make the shifts work out so someone can be at home with Max at all times, though sometimes he has to stay with a neighbour for a couple of hours, or Mrs. Rodriguez has to bring him to work, as they can’t afford daycare. They asked Wade once, but he had to explain that his apartment isn’t exactly child friendly. He was touched that they asked, though.

See? It's not just Peter. The Rodriguezes don't care what we look like either.

Yeah, but they don't know the extent of it. They've never seen us without our hood up.

Wade enters his apartment and sits down with his laptop in his blanket fort. It boots up slowly. He may need a new one soon, but he likes this one too much to replace it until he absolutely has to.

Domino has replied to his e-mail.

Wade,

We’ve been able to dig up pretty much exactly what you did on Trever Tate. Whoever he is, he’s kept his nose clean. He’s definitely a member of the AMDL, but it seems he’s neither a shock trooper nor the brains of the operation. He attends protests but has never thrown a brick, and his opinions are radical but not original. He’s a mouthpiece for the cause and not much else.

We’re keeping tabs on him, though, just in case he turns out to be trouble. I’ll keep you posted. We’re also trying to figure out where he got the photo for his opinion piece in the Bugle from. You’ll be the first to know when we do. Until then, you and Spider-Man should pay attention a little extra and make sure no one follows you home. Especially Spidey.

Logan sends his love. And by love I mean he asks me to remind you that he’ll kick your ass into next Tuesday if you fuck this up and get your boy killed. Or yourself for that matter, at least in the way you don’t come back from.

Watch your back.

Domino

*037*2018-12-09 04:37

Chapter 17

‘. . . we have Trever Tate, the journalist who wrote the controversial piece in the Daily Bugle last week linking Spider-Man with the mutant mercenary Deadpool. Welcome, Trever!’

Wade’s gonna be so pissed when he hears he was referred to as a mutant, Peter thinks. He watches as a handsome man with strikingly blue eyes shakes hands with the host. He’s pretty sure he’s seen him at the Bugle’s offices at some point or another.

‘Glad to be here, Kate,’ the man says, flashing a bright smile.

‘There have been a lot of reactions to your article, some bad, some good.’

‘Haha, well that’s how it always is.’

Peter sighs and picks up the remote. He should just change the channel. Nothing good ever comes from watching press about himself.

‘What most people fail to understand is that Deadpool is a dangerous and wildly unstable individual. He’s responsible for death and destruction on a scale beyond what most super villains accomplish.’

‘And yet the X-Men, Avengers and S.H.I.E.L.D all just let him walk around.’

‘That’s exactly what’s so odd, yes. Why has no one tried to stop him? Personally, I believe all of these organisations to be corrupt.’

Kate turns to the camera. ‘But the people Spider-Man and Deadpool have helped tell a different story.’

The picture changes, to a middle aged security guard on crutches. ‘Those bank robbers would have gotten away with a lot of cash if those boys hadn’t showed up, and who knows what they would have done to me. I owe them my life.’

A young, blonde man’s face fills the screen. ‘The store where I worked was held up. Deadpool just strode in, cool as anything, and distracted the guys emptying the register while Spidey took out the one holding the customers hostage. Deadpool got them to take their guns off me so I could get out of the way. He took like a whole clip to the chest and was still standing, it was [bleep]-ing sick, man!’ He grins.

The picture changes again, this time to a dark-haired woman with her face blurred out. ‘Deadpool and Spider-Man saved me from a gang-rape. If it weren’t for them . . . I owe them everything. They’re making our streets safer.’

Back to Kate and Trever sitting in their comfy chairs. ‘It sure sounds like they’ve been doing some good in the world. Is it possible that Deadpool’s changed his ways?’

‘Look, even a broken clock shows the right time twice a day, you know? Thing is, even bad people can do good things, and even good people can do bad things. I’m not questioning Spider-Man’s intentions, but he keeps odd company, and I have to wonder about how this partnership came about. And psychotic murderers don’t just change their ways over night, Kate. It’s just a matter of time before he starts killing again. And that’s the problem, with mutants in general and most masked vigilantes. Here we have these superhumans with incredible strength and power, and can we really trust them with that power? I worry for the safety of American families, and so should you.’

Kate turns to the camera again and smiles, showing perfect white teeth. ‘Well, I’m afraid that’s all we have time for today. Tune in tomorrow for—’

Peter turns the TV off just as the doorbell buzzes. Wade’s supposed to come over so they can eat together before patrolling. He grins and goes to buzz him in and unlock the door. A minute later, there’s a knock on the door to his apartment. Wade doesn’t usually knock, he tends to just walk right in. Peter opens the door, and stares.

Mary Jane Watson gives him a small smile. ‘Hi, Peter. Is . . . Is this a bad time?’

Peter swallows. He wants to tell her that any time is a bad time, but this is the first time he’s seen her in over six months, and his voice doesn’t seem to work like it’s supposed to. He wordlessly takes a step back, and she walks inside.

She stands in the middle of his living room, facing him. She looks the same, her red hair perhaps a little longer. She’s dressed for fall in New York City, in knee high black boots and a checkered miniskirt over brown tights.

‘You look good,’ she says at last. ‘How have you been?’

Peter clears his throat. He’s wearing frayed jeans and a purple hoodie, and is pretty sure he doesn’t look especially good at all. ‘Fine,’ he says.

‘Yeah, you’re always fine.’ She takes off her gloves. ‘How’s school?’

‘What are you doing here?’ Peter asks, ignoring her question.

She blinks. ‘I just . . . I wanted to see how you were doing.’

‘And an e-mail or a text were out of the question?’

Mary Jane runs her fingers through her long hair and sighs. ‘You can ignore an e-mail or a text,’ she mumbles. ‘Look, I just, I’m sorry about the way we left things, okay? I was rash, and I’m sure you’re angry, it’s just . . . It was like you never got over Gwen, like I was still living in her shadow, and I . . . But that’s not why I came here. To throw blame around. I came because . . . Peter, I still—’

He holds up a hand to silence her. He doesn’t want to hear the end of that sentence. ‘I’m not angry,’ he says quietly, and is surprised to find that he’s telling the truth. ‘I’m past that. I spent a lot of time being angry and sad and all of that, but I’ve moved on.’ He gives her a significant look, one he hopes exudes finality.

‘You . . . You’ve moved on,’ she repeats. ‘Is there . . . Have you found someone new?’

‘Yes,’ says Peter, without hesitating.

‘Oh.’

Just then, the door to the apartment flies open and Wade strides inside. ‘Hey, Petey-Pie! Your neighbour let me in downstairs. How’s—’ He stops, head cocked to one side, looking at Mary Jane. ‘Who’s this?’

‘Wade, this is Mary Jane. Mary Jane, this is Wade.’

Wade puts down the bag he’s carrying. It gives off a clatter of metal and wood and plastic. No doubt it contains his Deadpool suit and weapons. He reaches out a scarred hand towards Mary Jane and smiles warmly. ‘Good to meet you!’

She takes a step back, taking in his marred face and athletic build, eyes wide. She does not shake his hand, and Wade’s grin falters.

‘Mary Jane is my ex,’ says Peter. ‘Wade is my boyfriend.’

Wade looks at him in astonishment. ‘I am?’

To illustrate his point, Peter grabs Wade’s hand and entwines their fingers. ‘So you see, MJ, I really have moved on.’

He would feel sorry for her. The hurt expression on her face makes his stomach do painful things, because he really never wanted to hurt her. But then he sees the horror in her eyes when she looks at Wade, and his pity vanishes like vapour. Wade’s had enough people look at him like that in his life. Still, he keeps his voice soft and as kind as he can when next he speaks.

‘I think maybe you should go.’

She snaps out of her thoughts, her eyes meeting his for a brief moment, and nods. ‘Uh, yeah. I probably should. I’ll . . . See you around, maybe.’

‘Yeah. Take care.’

She pulls her gloves back on, walks over to the door, opens it and is gone. Wade whistles.

‘Well, that was awkward,’ he says. ‘She’s hot, though. We could have asked her to stay.’ He flashes Peter a wicked grin, and Peter smiles in spite of himself.

‘That chapter of my life is over,’ he says, walking over to the bag of groceries he left on the kitchen counter. ‘Believe me.’

Wade crosses his arms and regards Peter with a quizzical expression. ‘So . . . Boyfriend?’

Peter blushes. It felt like the thing to say at the time, but now it occurs to him that maybe Wade would have liked to have a say in how they define their relationship. He starts taking groceries out of the bag, ingredients for chilli. ‘Yeah, I . . . If you want to be . . . I mean, I don’t need any labels, we can just go on like we are, which is all kinds of awesome. What I mean is we don’t have to be boyfriends if that’s not, if you’re not comfortable with—’

A pair of strong arms encircle his waist from behind, and Wade pulls him tight to his chest, his lips brushing the back of Peter’s neck. ‘I’ve never had a boyfriend before,’ he murmurs. ‘I haven’t been anyone’s boyfriend in a really, really long time. But if you want me . . . I’d love to be yours.’

Peter turns around, finds his lips and kisses him fiercely. ‘Of course I want you!’

Wade laughs softly. ‘No “of course” about it, baby boy. But I’m glad . . . Boyfriend.’

After dinner they end up in bed, as has pretty much been their routine for the past week or so. It makes Peter happier than he can properly express that Wade no longer flinches when Peter tries to remove his clothing. He now seems almost entirely unperturbed by revealing his body. When Peter touches him, runs his fingers over his marred skin, Wade closes his eyes with a soft sigh, his chest rising and falling, lips open. And when he has Peter naked before him he gives him this look of admiration and astonishment, like he still can’t quite believe it, and murmurs, ‘Beautiful. So beautiful.’

Wade crouches between Peter’s legs, lifts his ass off the mattress with his hands and takes the length of him into his mouth. Peter throws back his head with a hiss, tries not to thrust up into Wade’s mouth, but it’s hard. Very hard. He tries to breathe normally, but then Wade does something with his tongue that makes him whimper and squirm, and Wade chuckles around his dick.

Peter grabs his shoulder and gasps, ‘Stop! Wait . . .’

Wade lets go at once and looks up at him with concern in his eyes. ‘You okay, Petey?’

Peter nods and relaxes his grip on Wade’s shoulder. ‘Yeah, I’m . . . I’m fine. I just . . . Didn’t wanna come yet.’

Wade smiles. ‘That’s what this is about?’ He takes him into his hand, slowly stroking. ‘So you do have a kink.’

‘Huh?’

‘Orgasm denial.’

Peter feels his face flush. ‘It’s not really that . . . I just . . . I don’t want it to end.’

Wade cocks a non-existent eyebrow. ‘We’ve got at least three hours before we need to go on patrol, baby boy. Nothing’s gonna end. No, this is about you and that thing you’ve got about holding back. So come clean, sweet cheeks. Tell me what’s going on in that pretty little head of yours.’

Peter licks his lips and looks away. ‘Well . . . I guess when I hold back, it feels even better when I let go. You know?’

Wade nods. ‘Yeah. I know exactly.’

‘Wade?’ Peter locks eyes with his lover—his boyfriend—again. ‘Will you . . . Will you top tonight?’

Wade blinks his brown eyes. ‘I . . . You sure?’

Peter nods. ‘Yes. I’m . . . I’m sure. Please?’

‘Well,’ says Wade, in barely more than a whisper. ‘When you ask so nicely, how can I say no?’

He scoots to the edge of the bed and takes the lube from the nightstand. Then he kisses Peter deeply and thoroughly. Peter can taste himself on that kiss, and that’s more of a turn-on than he ever thought it would be. Then Wade kisses and licks his way down Peter’s torso. He gives his dick a teasing lick before squirting some lube onto his fingers.

This is clearly something that Wade has done before, and he is extremely skilled at it. ‘That’s it, baby boy, just relax . . . You’re doing great. Breathe. I’ll make it so good for you, I promise!’

And then he’s inside Peter, filling him, and Peter can do nothing but gasp and groan because it feels that good, like heat spreading through his body, and they’re still for a moment. Peter waits, and Wade lowers his body so they’re flush together and kisses him before he begins to move.

‘Oh, Petey . . . Your ass is magnificent! So fucking tight, God . . .’ He pulls almost all the way out and rolls his hips, thrusting back in.

Without thinking, Peter all but whines, ‘Fuck!’ He’s clinging desperately to Wade, the feeling simultaneously too much and not enough.

Wade laughs softly in his ear. ‘You should cuss more, Pete. It’s sexy as fuck. I love it.’ He presses his lips to the sensitive skin just behind his earlobe. ‘You’re so hot, Peter, so tight and beautiful, shit . . . How’d I ever get this lucky?’ He kisses every part of Peter’s face he can reach, his cheek, his forehead, his nose, his eyelids.

It’s easier to relax now, but the warmth of it, the way Wade fills him up still makes him tremble, and with every thrust he squeezes Wade’s arm or waist, or grasps at the sheets, his breath coming in ragged gasps because how is it possible to feel this much at once?

‘Wanna come yet?’ Wade murmurs.

Peter shakes his head. ‘You . . . You first.’

‘That’s boring. Same time?’

Peter laughs in spite of himself. ‘Think you can pull that off?’

‘Baby, I’m so close I could shoot any second. Do you have any idea how hot you look right now?’

‘Probably . . . Probably about as hot as you look when I’m fucking you?’ Peter gasps.

Wade makes a purring noise deep in his throat. ‘There you go cussing and being so sexy again, Petey . . . How’s a fella meant to hold back?’

He makes a particularly hard motion with his hips, and Peter moans loudly because that thrust was perfectly angled. Wade reaches down between them and grabs Peter’s cock, stroking it slowly at first and then picking up speed. He locks his gaze to Peter’s and Peter decides that he’s not giving in, not looking away and not coming first.

Peter grits his teeth, tries to fight the feeling building in his lower abdomen and threatening to take over, to make him lose control. He clenches his muscles, trying to fight it. Apparently, this makes his ass tighten around Wade as well, because his lover groans and swears loudly. It’s almost like they’re up on the roof of Wade’s apartment building again, sparring, trading blows. It’s a competition, and one of them is going to lose.

Peter lost that time, and he realises as Wade rubs his thumb over the head of his dick that he’s going to lose again. He only tries to fight it for a moment longer. Then he throws his head back and lets go, his breath catching in his throat as he finds his release. To his surprise, Wade seems to let go at the exact same moment, and they ride it out together.

After, they clean themselves off with tissues, and Peter lies down with his head on Wade’s chest, listening to his rapid heartbeat. Wade runs long, strong fingers through Peter’s hair and kisses the top of his head softly.

‘If you wanna sleep for a bit I can wake you when it’s time to patrol,’ he tells him softly.

‘Mm, I am kind of tired,’ Peter admits. He hesitates for a moment, considering his words. Then he says, ‘That journalist, Trever Tate, he was on TV today. He was interviewed about his article about us.’

‘Really?’ Wade sounds disinterested, but Peter can feel the muscles of the arm he’s resting on tightening ever so slightly. ‘What did he say?’

Peter shrugs one shoulder. ‘Just a bunch of crap. They called you a mutant, of course. And then he talked about how bad people don’t just turn good or something like that. He wasn’t very convincing. But they’d talked to a few other people, too. The security guard from the bank last week, a clerk from a convenience store we saved, an almost rape victim, dark haired girl, remember her? And they all said they owed us, that they might be dead if it weren’t for us. It was . . . nice.’ He raises his head and looks at Wade. ‘We’re making a difference. We really are. We’re saving people. You’re saving people, Wade, and they’re grateful to you for it.’ He smiles. ‘I just thought you should know that.’

He gives Wade a soft kiss before resting his head on his chest again, and then, confident that Wade will wake him when it’s time to go out, Peter allows himself to drift off to sleep.

*038*2018-12-11 01:40

This chapter contains violence. Like, more graphic than normal.

Chapter 18

Told you Peter was kinky.

Orgasm delay is hardly a kink.

I’m sure there’s more where that came from. It’s always the cute, innocent looking ones, you know?

Wade rolls his eyes. One day his brain is going to stop arguing with itself, but today is not that day, it seems. When he looks down at Peter’s sleeping form he can almost block out the noise, though. Almost.

At least we know our dick is bigger than his.

What? No it isn’t! We’re almost exactly the same size!

Almost exactly the same length. We have more girth.

‘Shut up!’ Wade groans quietly, and Peter stirs next to him.

Oh, well done, Wilson. You woke him up.

Peter’s hazel eyes open a crack and look up at Wade in the semi-darkness. ‘Hey,’ he murmurs, and lifts the hand resting on Wade’s chest, bringing it up to gently caress his cheek. ‘You okay?’

Wade smiles. ‘I’m always okay. How are you feeling?’

‘Sore,’ Peter admits with a grin. His fingers wander up to Wade’s temple. ‘Busy up there, huh?’

Wade pulls Peter tighter to him, because it somehow means a lot that Peter can tell. He sighs into Peter’s messy hair. ‘When is it ever not? Busy, busy. You quiet it some, though.’

‘Really?’

‘Really.’ Wade lets out another breath, closing his eyes for a moment and breathing in the scent of Peter’s hair. ‘Man, I don’t get it . . . I’m fucked up, Petey. I mean severely fucked up, like I shouldn’t even be functioning. Hell, half the time I don’t, not really. I’ve done so many fucked up things, my body is a mess, my brain is . . . Let’s not even talk about my brain. I don’t get why someone like you would want to be with someone like me. Why, when you could have someone like whatserface with the red hair and legs up to her tits?’

Peter presses a soft kiss to Wade’s cheek. ‘Because I don’t want her. I don’t want anyone other than you.’ Wade tries to pretend those words don’t put butterflies in his stomach and utterly fails. Peter sighs. ‘Besides, MJ and I . . . It was never quite right. From the start it . . .’ He trails off and bites his lip. ‘Do you even want to hear about this?’

Wade shrugs one shoulder. ‘Can’t say I’m not curious. Only if you wanna talk about it, though.’

Peter nods. ‘Okay. So, freshman year I started dating this girl, Gwen. She was . . .’ He pauses, and seems to consider his words carefully. ‘She was the prettiest girl I’d ever met, and the kindest. You know, she was just one of those genuinely good people.’

Like our Peter.

Bless him.

‘Yeah, I know the type,’ Wade murmurs fondly, pressing his lips to Peter’s temple.

‘She died,’ Peter says softly. His voice isn’t sad, exactly. More like melancholy, but accepting. ‘I couldn’t save her and she died. And while I was grieving her, MJ comforted me. And then comforting became flirting. She still had a boyfriend, even . . . That whole thing happened too fast, man. And that soured everything. About six months ago, she dumped me. She said it’s because she felt like she was still living in Gwen’s shadow, like I never got over her. Truth is, I never gave myself time to, and neither did she. I guess when someone you love dies like that, you never truly get over them, not the way you do when you break up or drift apart . . .’

‘Of course not.’ Wade runs his fingers through Peter’s hair. ‘And you’re not supposed to. She’ll always have a place in your heart. That’s just the way of things.’ He kisses the top of Peter’s head and smoothes back his hair. Cuddling is something he can definitely get used to.

‘You’re really insightful sometimes.’

‘I know, I surprise myself, too. What can I say? I’m smarter than I look. Not as smart as you, obviously, Dr. Genius McSmartypants.’

Peter laughs and shifts so he can reach Wade’s lips with his own. His tongue is like velvet, lips so soft, and he tastes so sweet, even through his I-just-woke-up-breath. ‘We should probably get out there soon,’ he whispers against Wade’s mouth. ‘Let’s go grab a shower.’

Wade smiles. ‘Hey, you know me. I’m always up for a shower.’

Patrolling is so much more fun when you’re freshly fucked and giddy. They break up a few fights, stop a couple of muggings, and Wade even gets to threaten a couple of bad guys with his guns. It’s a good night, and Wade knows he’s staring at Peter’s ass a little more than usual, but it’s only because all he can think about is how much he wants to go back to Peter’s bed for an encore of the evening’s earlier activities when they’re done. All in a day’s work when you’re working with (and fucking) Spider-Man.

It’s two in the morning and they’re about to do just that when a cry for help reaches them. They follow it to an alley (and isn’t it always an alley?), and a young man comes running out just as they reach the mouth of it.

‘Hey!’ Peter yells after him as he rushes down the street. ‘What—’

Wade puts a hand on his shoulder. ‘Uh, I don’t think he was the bad guy.’ He points.

In the dim light of a neon sign he can make out at least ten people, maybe more. They’re all dressed in black, and from what Wade can tell they’re all armed.

Ooh, a real fight!

‘And here I was so ready to go home, have a cup of tea and go to bed,’ says Peter with an exasperated sigh.

‘We’ll do that after,’ says Wade, drawing both his swords. ‘This looks like fun.’

One of the men in the alley pulls his gun just as Wade takes a step forward. Peter leaps out of the way, clinging to the wall of the alley. Wade takes a bullet to the chest.

‘Hey!’ he shouts indignantly. ‘You shot me! I should shoot you right back for that!’

‘Deadpool!’ Peter calls, an edge of warning in his tone.

Wade rolls his eyes. ‘Fine.’ He walks forward, into three oncoming bullets. ‘I guess I’ll just stick to hack-and-slash.’ And the fight is under way.

Now that they’re moving, Wade can count thirteen. They’re all wearing ski-masks, and their black attire appears identical, like a uniform. The get-up makes them look vaguely ninja-esque, but they haven’t got the moves of ninja. Several of them are big, though, and strong looking, and they all have guns, but in the close quarters of the alley they seem reluctant to fire them in case they hit their comrades. Wade and Peter don’t have that problem.

Peter is dodging, somersaulting, clinging to walls and thwipping webs at the baddies to trip them up or try to disarm them. Wade tries to avoid mortally wounding anyone, hitting them with the back edges and flats of his blades where he can.

If we’re gonna keep not killing, we should get backwards blades, like Kenshin.

Man, that was such a great anime . . . The live action movie left something to be desired, though.

Yeah, but the actors were hot!

‘Mutie bastards!’ Wade hears one of the bad guys shout. ‘Get Spider-Man!’

‘Oh, no you don’t!’ Wade hits the man who spoke in the throat with the grip of his sword and he staggers backwards, gasping for breath.

A gunshot rings out, echoing between the brick buildings, and Wade feels a stabbing pain in his back. Two more shots follow.

‘Keep Deadpool busy!’ another man shouts.

Wade turns around to find three guys coming at him with guns blazing. Behind them, he can see Peter jumping up onto a fire escape, shooting a web at someone’s gun and removing it from play.

‘You think the three of you can keep me busy?’ Wade taunts. ‘You won’t last ten fucking seconds!’

He knocks the closest off his feet by swinging the flat of his blade low. The other two fire six rounds into his chest before he manages to disarm one and knock the other back with an elbow to the ribs. A fourth guy comes at him with a long knife, but Wade has swords. In the split-second he has to think, he considers just slicing off the hand that holds the knife, but decides against it. Peter wouldn’t like it. Instead he presses the back of his blade to the man’s throat and grabs his arm, twisting it and effectively disarming him. A swift kick in the ribs sends him flying.

Another shot echoes through the night. It takes Wade half a second to realise that this one wasn’t aimed at him. It takes another half second to register the cry of pain that follows it. There’s a second shot, and it dawns on him, too slow, like his brain is coated in honey and the world is too fast.

Peter’s hit. They got Peter.

With a furious roar, Wade rushes through the throng like a running back, tackling the bad guys out of the way, until he reaches the back of the alley, a dead end, and sees Peter on the ground, bleeding profusely from his shoulder.

Is he breathing?

Is he alive?

Wade stares down at Peter’s prone form. He could be sleeping, like he was five hours ago when he was lying in Wade’s arms. The horrible thought hits him that Peter may never sleep in his arms again, may never kiss him or laugh at his bad jokes, never look at him like the scars aren’t even there, ever again, and Wade wants to cry. He wants to drop to his knees, check his pulse, make sure he lives, but there are nine men behind him still standing, and he doesn’t think they’re gonna stop coming. He turns around.

‘That,’ he growls, ‘was a really stupid thing to do!’ He points one of his blades at the nearest of them, one of the guys Peter already managed to disarm. The tip stops an inch from his throat. ‘I’m gonna give you fucks one chance to lay down your weapons and surrender.’

‘What are you guys waiting for? Shoot him!’ the man with Wade’s sword at his throat shouts frantically.

‘Wrong answer!’ says Wade darkly. He leaps forward and thrusts the tip of the blade straight through the man’s throat. It comes out the back of his neck covered in blood. Through the holes in his ski mask, Wade can see the man’s eyes popping. He pulls the blade back, and the man crumples to the ground with a gurgling noise and is still.

Now everything happens at once. The dead man’s comrades raise their guns, those who have them, and those who don’t come rushing at Wade with knives, fists, whatever they’ve got. Wade drops the sword in his left hand and draws his sidearm, intermittently firing at the ones furthest away while slashing at the ones nearest.

The next few minutes are a blur. Wade moves methodically, cool as ice while under the surface wildfire burns. He doesn’t try to spare them this time. Behind him lies Peter, bleeding and perhaps already dead, and these are the fucks that hurt him. They will pay with their lives. He ignores their screams, their cries of pain. He ignores the voices in his head telling him that Peter would not want this. He ignores everything else as he ends them, each and every one.

When it’s over he’s standing on a pile of corpses, covered in blood, the stench of death and viscera filling his nostrils. At this moment it’s familiar, almost comforting. This at least is something he knows. Then reality washes in over him, like a wave of nausea. He sheathes his weapons and staggers back to where Peter is lying. Still. Too still. Wade takes off his glove and sticks two fingers, shaking with adrenaline, under Peter’s mask. He can feel a weak pulse at his throat. He’s still alive, but barely. He has to get him out of here, now.

Wade is about to lift Peter’s prone body when he hears a noise at the mouth of the alley. Without thinking he draws his gun again and points it. ‘Out where I can see you!’

It’s the young man from earlier. His eyes are wide and he holds his hands in the air.

A victim?

No. A victim would have called the cops, or at the very least run away. This guy? Bait.

‘Come closer,’ Wade commands. He cocks the hammer on his gun. ‘Now!’

The kid does as he’s told. He’s Peter’s age, probably a little younger. He looks terrified. He stops a few feet away, the blood on the ground staining his white sneakers red.

‘This was a trap,’ says Wade. ‘I’ve figured that out already. You’re with these guys. Some of them may still be alive. I don’t rightly give a fuck. Whether you survive this is entirely dependent on you answering my questions. Understood?’

The boy nods.

‘Good. Was this a trap for us specifically or were you hoping for any old superhero?’

‘It-it was for y-you,’ the young man stutters.

‘Who are you people? Who do you represent?’

‘Th-the Anti-Mutant Defence L-league.’

‘And how would I go about finding the folks in charge of your little gang?’

The kid shakes his head, mouth opening and closing comically. ‘I-I don’t know, I swear! I’m new, totally junior!’

He’s lying!

No, he’s telling the truth. Look at his face, his body language. Kid’s shitting himself. He couldn’t lie right now if his life depended on it.

Wade takes his gun off the kid and holsters it. ‘Fine. I believe you.’ He stands up and picks Peter up in a fireman’s lift. ‘When you talk to your contacts, you tell them they’ve made a huge fucking mistake. You tell them that Deadpool will find them, and end them. Nobody comes after Spider-Man on my watch. Nobody. Got it?’

The kid nods frantically.

Wade pulls up Peter’s sleeve and detaches his web-shooter. He straps it to his own wrist and uses it to hoist them up onto a fire escape. He climbs to the roof with Peter over his shoulders, and then sets about parkouring his way north across the city’s rooftops, towards the Bronx.

