Be good for mommy - Page 2

Author: lightman

*025*2017-09-15 21:21

Sounds good.

*027*2017-09-16 05:43

This is just a Halloween extra chapter. I will have the next part of the main story in a few days.

“Marylynn! Are you almost ready! They will be here soon!” I yell upstairs for my sister.

“I'm almost done! Be down in 2 minutes Felicia!” she yelled back.

Why is she never ready on time? Well, at least she’s more well behaved then she used to be.

### 1 year ago.

I was a high school senior and was invited to a big Halloween party. Now, normally I don't go to such parties, preferring to go to small ones with just a few friends. This year, however, we decided that if it was going to be our last year why not go to as many parties as we can.

However, my father was against the idea. Saying he didn't trust me going alone so I had to take my sister who is 3 years younger than me. I tried to protest but he would have none of it.

It was half an hour before the party when I meet Mis.mare for the first time. I had gotten in my costume early and was handing out candy to the trick or treaters coming to the door. My costume was a gender swap of Freddy Krueger called Miss. Krueger.

A ripped and blood-splattered knit sweater dress with red and brown horizontal stripes. With a matching fedora and slasher glove.

I was quite shocked when I opened the door to find 2 very big trick or treaters.

The first was a blond haired girl with a chest bigger than mine dressed as a gothic inspired vampire with a poly-knit dress with bell sleeves, a high attached collar, with lace and filigree print details and A black elastic choker. She even had 2 fack pointy fangs.

The other was a shorter girl who at first thought she was 13. She was dressed as a maid in a black corset-style dress, white puffy sleeves with bow details, a lace ruffled skirt with attached apron, a white embroidered bodice, a matching lace choker, and a matching maid headpiece. She even had little black gloves and stocking while holding a feather duster.

The both of them yelled “TRICK OR TREAT” at the same time. I was stunned at first until I someone behind them. A woman who was smiling and slightly nodding her head yes.

Not knowing what I should do I gave the girls candy. They both said thank you and rushed off the deck.

“Alice, Bobbi, you both stay right there for me.” the women called to them and I could have sworn I heard them say ‘yes mommy?’.

The woman was in a full-length red dress with allover gold shimmer, irresistible thigh-high slit, chain decorations with a faux ruby brooch. A tall collar with gold trim attached, and a cape that connects from the dress to the gold sequin bracelets, and a red glitter devil horns headpiece.

“I'm sorry for the confusion but my girls just love Halloween and it's hard to say no to them.” the women told me and I realized that they must have some kind of mental disorder.

“I'm so sorry,” I tell her

“It's fine, I'm just glad you're not one of those people who slam the door in their face because of their not 12.” she tells me and I immediately feel bad.

“Hey, girls, you want some more?” I call out to the girls.

They immediately rush back to get a big handful of candy each.

“Thank you so much!” the girls say to me.

“Yes thank you.” said the women looking after the girls. “My name is Mis.mare.”

“Felicia,” I replied as I watched the 3 of them walk away.

Not long after that my sister finally came downstairs wearing a simple nun outfit. We then took a couple of photos with dad before I drove us to the party.

On the way there we pulled to a stop light and right across the street was Mis.mare and the girls. I was going to drive up and say hi when the one in the maid outfit tripped.

“Hay is that chick over there wearing a diaper?” my sister asked. Sure enough under the girl’s skirt was a big diaper. “Ow my god what a fucking loser!” my sister said and began laughing uncontrollably.

I didn't want to risk the girl any further humility buy having my sister laugh at her so I continued to drive without stopping.

Once we got to the party and got out of the car I heard my sister yell ‘finally’ before taking off the nun outfit revealing her real costume.

A witch costume made of a fancy dress outfit. Darkly glam with a seductive edge, with a black and purple mesh dress with panels of lace, triangle cups finished with stud detailing, with a tie-up satin halterneck. Includes and Included a mini witches hat.

A costume we both know our dad would never let us go out in

The party wasn't as fun as I thought it would be. For starters, I don't really like being around a lot of people. Next was that my friends weren't here, most of them live too far away or don't have cars that they couldn't come. And the one who could got sick. Lastly, I had to keep an eye on my sister to make sure she didn't do anything stupid. I wound up just answering the door and giving candy to trick or treaters in the end.

About an hour into the party I opened the door and had a pleasant surprise and the same girls yelled ‘TRICK OR TREAT’ at me again.

“Ow what a surprise.” mis.mare said as I gave the girls candy.

“Ya, it is how are you 3 doing?” I asked.

“Were doing good. Bobbi here got a little scrape earlier but she’s fine,” she tells me as I looked down and seen a purple band-aid on the girl's knee.

Before I could say anything else here came running my sister.

“Felicia you will not believe what…” she said excitedly but stopped when she noticed the girls. “Ow my god is that the same diaper loser we seen in the car!” she asked before she started laughing to all of our surprises.

“Marylynn! What the fuck! That's fucking rude as shit!” I yell at her but Marylynn just ignored me and went back to the party.

When I looked back I seen Bobbi was starting to cry and Mis.mare was trying to comfort her.

“I am so sorry for what my sister did.” I apologized.

“Mommy can we pull a ‘trick’ on the mean girl?” the vampire girl asked staring daggers at my sister who was talking to a few other girls and pointing at us.

“I don't know Alice. I think you should ask our new friend first.” mis.mare told her.

Both girls then gave me a pleading look as I turned back to see my sister and her friends laughing. I just nodded yes.

I walked up to my sister 30 minutes later and told her it was time to go.

“You gotta be kidding me, I just promised to show Steev a trick I can do with this dress. Can't we leave in another hour,” she asked as she waved to the Steev guy.

“Not really, dad just texted. He said he found what you were hiding and for us to get home know.” I lie to her. She fell for it easily and we rushed to my car.

As we drove off I begin to fidget around and grab my crotch.

“God I have to pee,” I say out loud.

“Why didn't you go at the party?” Marylynn asked.

“Did you see the line there?” I replied before turning into a park.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“Look I'm going to piss myself soon it's either here or in my pants.” I tell her’

“Then hurry up,” Marylynn told me.

“You're coming with me,” I tell her as I open the door.

“Why?”

“Because it's dark and it's safer with someone than alone. Now either come with me or argue and have dad get more pissed at you,” I tell her. She just sighs and gets out of the car to follow me into the public women's bathroom.

The moment was inside I grab Marylynn’s phone and Mis.mare and her girls come rushing in. Marylynn tries to yell but is hushed when something is put into her mouth. It's a mad tangle of limbs and clothes as we strip Marylynn and put a new outfit on her.

She was put into a dress that has a criss-cross ribbon pattern on its bodice that helps it mimic the look of a lace-up corset, while the layered skirt flaunts a front panel and black lace trim. flirty fishnets, bold boots, a cap and hood, and a basket. Not to mention the other little extras such as the red mittens and the big white diaper on her bottom.

“Aww just look at this little red riding hood.” Mis.mare commented as we all moved away from her.

Marylynn was so confused as to what was going on. She even lifted up her skirt to see the diaper around her waist when she heard a click. She looked up at me and my phone as I took a few more pictures.

Marylynn quickly jumped to her feet and tried to rush for the camera but was just grabbed from behind by Mis.mare.

“I think it's time you calmed down little red.” she told my sister.

“I would do as she said, or I post the pictures on every social media I have,” I tell her.

She immediately stops and just glares at us all.

“Ok little red. I want to make you a deal.” Mis.mare tells her as she sets my sister on the toilet. “Normally I would have you do something way worse but because your sister was so nice I decided to make your punishment simple. You can either drink this bottle of milk and go trick or treat with my girls And at the end of the night, you give them your candy as an apology. Or you walk home in your new outfit while we go show the world how cute you look in a diaper.” Mis.mare asked with a smile on her face. “What will it be little red?”

My sister picked the obvious choice and took the big bottle. And along with Alice and Bobbi all drank their bottles like good girls.

We had about 2 hours left until Halloween was over and we weren't missing a second.

It was amazing watching my sister with Alice and Bobbi go door to door and say trick or treat. She was getting so embarrassed but Mis.mare just continued to encourage her. Saying “go to that house little red, great job little red, how much did you get little red.” And my favorite.

“Do you have to go potty little red?” she asked my sister when she began to fidget with her skirt.

“N-no im good.” she lied to us but we could tell.

We still had half an hour left and by the time we were done she was grabbing at her crotch and trying to cross her legs but to no help.

“Aww look at little red. She looks like she's about to burst.” Mis.mare said out loud.

“I am! Now please help me find a bathroom!” Marylynn demanded.

“Not yet. You still need to give your apology to the girls little red,” I tell my sister.

“Here’s your stupid candy, you happy now?” Marylynn said as she shoved her bag of candy into Bobbi’s hand and looked back at us.

“Little red I have a question for you. Do you know why you're the only one who needs to pee?” Mis.mare asked her.

“No why?” my sister asked not really caring and just focusing as hard as she can on holding herself.

“Because little red, they've already gone.” Mis.mare say and both Bobbi and Alice lift up their dresses to reveal a sagging yellow diaper. “Now listen to what your sister said little red.”

I then grab my sister’s arms and have her face me as I look directly into her eyes and grab the front of her diaper.

“Little red, use your diaper like a good girl you want to be,” I tell her.

Marylynn eyes widen while little tears start coming out as I feel the front of her diaper get warm and began to sag.

###

Ever since that night Marylynn has been so well behaved. She also got a diaper fetish as well. Even going so far as to wet the bed and her pants at school just so our dad would put her back in diapers.

Every once in awhile she will even slip up and call me mommy which I find so cute!

I hear the doorbell ring and when I open it I'm greeted with another happy ‘TRICK OR TREAT’

“Why hello girls, how is your Halloween going,” I asked them

“It's going great!” Alice proudly announced.

“Ya we're getting lots of candy,” Bobbi told me holding up a bag that was already ¼ full.

“The girls are so excited to see little red, is she ready?” Mis.mare asked.

“I'm coming!” Marylynn yells as she rushes to the door to happily greet are two best friends.

I look down at my little baby sister and can only giggle as she wore a cheerleaders outfit but somehow got the back of the skirt stick in the diaper revealing it to the world.

“Let's go get some candy,” I tell them not bothering to fix the skirt. She won't care anymore.

Costumes used in the story

%https://www.yandy.com/French-Kisses-Maid-Costume-.php

%http://www.annsummers.com/fancy-dress/fancy-dress-shop-by-category/fancy-dress-shop-by-category-fancy-dress/bewitched-witch-costume/BEWTICHED.html

%http://www.partycity.com/product/teen+girls+va-va-vampire+costume.do?sortby=ourPicks&navSet=172436

%https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51Bsnyiu44L._UX385_.jpg

%http://www.partycity.com/product/adult+miss+krueger+costume+a+nightmare+on+elm+street.do

%https://www.halloweencostumes.com/gothic-red-riding-hood-adult-costume.html

%http://www.partycity.com/product/adult+devilish+delight+costume.do?sortby=ourPicks&navSet=110773

.

*029*2017-09-16 07:03

I'm glad you like it lol. I'm actually very suprised I got it done in one day. and thanks again for your sugestions

*031*2017-09-18 23:00

It’s been 3 months since Bobbi went back to her own mommy and Alice has been getting a little upset. Alice had finally had someone to talk and play with while I'm at work. She’s really missing the company but the sad thing is I just can't find her the right sister.

With Alice, she was so bad that I completely babytized her before adopting her. With Bobbi, I babytized her for the mommy. Both were extreme cases as with the rest of the school its just punishment. To anyone I punish they are too embarrassed about one thing or another that they don't dare say a word to anyone. Then when others take notice of the change they get scared and don't do anything wrong if fear of what will happen.

In all good conscience, I can't make any of them into Alice’s sister because they don't do anything to deserve it. However, I do git kids like Sara who will stop by and ask to be diapered but that's only because they now have a fetish for it. I was about to give up when I got a shocking phone call.

###

RIP Betty Mare. 1969-2017

I could only stare at the grave as the rest of the mourners left the graveyard and off to the wake at my eldest sisters house. Mom died on her way to work after being hit by a drunk driver.

Ever since I left a few years ago I rarely ever talked to my family. I guess after so many years of being treated like a meal ticket will do that to ya. Even with me making my mother a better person the moment we could leave was the moment we did and never looked back.

I was the last to leave the grave and drive over to my sister's house. I decided not to take Alice with me only because she has never met my mother and personally I never wanted her to. Plus since my sisters and I don't really see eye to eye I think that was for the best.

I didn't know most of the people at the wake. Half of them being from my mom's old life, the other was from her new life. Personally, i could care less about all of this. If it wasn't for the one major problem my mother left I wouldn't be here. That problem being Jean Mare.

Of my sister, in order their Evelyn, Me, Janice, Janet, Sharon, Katherine, Jean, and Brenda.

Both Janet and Janice disowned the family when they left the house. Sharon, Katherine, Jean, and Brenda are all under 18 but Sharon, Katherine, and Brenda all live with their dad’s after they got custody over them. Jean was the only one left to stay with our mother for the last few years.

She was now 13 and with our mom gone she had nowhere to go. No one knows who her dad is. My mom's parents disowned her lazy ass years ago. And right now I hear Evelyn and Sharon argue were she would stay. Evelyn just opened up her own business not too long ago and barely has time for anything else. Were Sharon just turned 19 and moved in with her boyfriend in a tiny apartment. I can hear them arguing about it before I even entered the room.

“You have the house, you have the money, you take her!” Sharon tells Evelyn

“All that money goes right back into the business and I'm always working. I wouldn't be able to look after her!” Evelyn tells Sharon.

I listen to the banter a bit more before announcing I was in the room. They both turned to me with a look of shock.

“I thought you already left.” said Evelyn.

“Hell I'm surprised you even turned up.” said Sharon.

“Look I know I haven't been around but I know neither have you two. But she is still my mother and I'm going to at least pay my respects. Now tell me why you two are fighting.” I tell them, using some of my powers on that last bit just to move on to the problem.

“We're trying to figure out where Jean is going to stay,” Sharon told me.

“Right now we are running out of options. I can't take her because I'm rarely home and can't watch her,” said Evelyn.

“While I have a tiny apartment Jack and I can barely afford,” Sharon explained.

“We've tried Sharon, Katherine, and Brenda’s families but none of them want or can't take her in. I'm sad to say but we're running out of options.” Evelyn explained.

“Wait, why didn't you ask me?” I asked very confusedly.

“Your kidding right? You were the first to leave, the first to disown the family. We weren't even expecting you to show up.” said Evelyn.

“Ok I get it, but don't just point the blame at me. Look I have a good job, a home with plenty of room and I'm already used to working with teens. Out of everyone you know, I am the only one that is qualified to take her in.” I tell my sisters.

They both look at each other mulling it over before they agree that I would be looking after Jean. I look out Evelyn’s window and see jean on a small bench in the backyard. People all around her talking about our dead mom while all she does is stare blankly at the ground. All that is going through my head right now is ‘what the hell did I get myself into?’

It wasn't long after that I drove up to my mom's apartment. Standing outside with 2 bags was Jean who looked like a zombie. She didn't talk, her movements were sluggish, and her face was dark and had bags under her eyes.

All around her was a garage sale of all my mother's things. Before I changed her my mom got quite the debt and even with her working she had to work 2 jobs just to try to get out of it and be a good mother. When it was just her and jean a year ago she decided to downgrade from the shitty house they were living in a small apartment.

“Are you ready to go?” I asked her when I got out of the car to help her with the bags.

She didn't answer me. Just put the bags away and got into the car.

“She hasn't spoken a word in days,” Evelyn told me as she brought out another box of my mom's things. “After we sell this moms dept should be clear.”

“Would it be ok if I took a quick look around?” I asked.

“Go ahead, hell take a few pictures if you want.” she told me pointing to a box with picture frames before going back inside.

“Are you sure you don't want to grab anything else from here?” I ask jean in the car but she ignored me and laid down in the back seat.

I sighed and began to look at all of my mom's things. Most of them were just little nicknacks she collected over the years. Taking a look at the box of pictures I found 3 that I decided to keep. One was of my mom, one of me, and one of all my sisters together at one of our birthdays. Years ago.

As I turn around something catches my eye, A box full of toys.

“Hay Evelyn mind if I take that box of toys?” I asked as she came out with another box.

She looked at me then at the box then shrugged ‘why not’ and went back to what she was doing.

I put the box into the back of the car and grabbed out an old stuffed animal that I remembered Jean loving a long time ago and slipping it into my purse. If she doesn't want the toys I know one little girl that will.

When we got to the school Jean’s dead expression never changed. She wasn't even surprised that I lived under the school.

It wasn't until we got inside and Alice ran up to greet us did she show a sign of shock.

“I'm so happy to meet you, Jean, mommy has told me all about you!” Alice happily bounced in her purple t-shirt and diaper before hugging Jean, who was a foot and a half shorter than the baby.

“Ok, Alice I think that's good. Jean isn't feeling all too well right now,” I tell her and she lets go of the 13-year-old.

“I'm sorry,” Alice told jean who didn't reply back.

I lead Jean to Bobbi's old room and told her that from now on this would be her room.

The room was big and pink. The room was a mostly empty except for the dresser, a desk, a bookshelf that had a few books, and the bed that had Disney princesses bedspread on it.

“I'm sorry if you don't like the color, we can paint it whatever you want later. And the bedspread well changes as well. It was just the only thing we had left.” I tell her but she doesn't respond. Only walking over to the bed, taking off her shoes, and laying on top facing the wall.

I didn't know what to do at the moment. I'm used to disobedient kids that are acting up. Not emotionally empty ones that don't show emotion.

“If you need anything I'll be right outside,” I tell her before leaving the room, leaving the door slightly cracked.

I went back upstairs and got her 2 bags and the box of toys bringing them back downstairs. I gave the box to Alice who was excited to see all the new toys she could play with. I then went back into Jean's room to leave the bags by the door. She didn't move.

Over the next few days, I didn't see jean much. Besides using the bathroom twice a day she doesn't leave the room and just lays on the bed. I leave her food and a glass of water on the desk but when I return the food is barely eaten and twice the water was spilled on the floor and I had to start giving her a sippy cup so that I wouldn't have to clean up the mess.

Alice would even sit right in front of the door and ask if Jean would like to play with her. Or talk to her. Alice just wanted jean to say something to her.

It was on the 5th day that I got worried. Jean hasn't been out of the room all day, not even for the bathroom. So after I put Alice down for her nap I go in to check on jean. Inside she was still in her same position, facing the wall with her food barely touched. The air smelt very familiar as I walked over and seen she had also just pissed herself.

Terrified I immediately began saying her name and shaking her to see if she was still alive. She didn't respond but she did weakly try to move my arm off of her. With a big sigh of relief, I just stood up and looked at the girl. It was hard but I decided I had enough. I left the room for 20 minutes before returning to grab jean and lift her up to her feet. She tried to moan and groan and fight me but in her wack state, she stood no chance.

“Look I know you are upset, I know all you want to do is stare at your wall all day but the only people in my house that get to use the bathroom in their pants were diapers. Not to mention after 5 days you are starting to stink,” I tell jean as I tack her into the bathroom and favorably undress her.

As soon as she is naked I get undressed myself and drag her into the shower with me. She no longer tried to fight me as I began to scrub her entire body getting it all clean. Being careful as I wash her long red hair as to not get soap in her eyes.

Once done I dry us both off before wrapping a towel around her and a bathrobe for me before dragging her into the kitchen was a plate of food is waiting for her. I don't bother having her get dressed as I set her down at the table.

“We both won't move from here until at least half of everything is eaten off that plate and you drink your milk,” I tell her as I sit across from her in nothing but my towel looking as she stares at the plate. It was just something simple. 8 carrot sticks, 10 grapes, 4 slices of ham, 2 slices of bread, 2 pieces of cheese, and a glass of milk. I just wanted her to just eat something.

We sat them for 5 minutes. Jean just staring at the food and me watching her like a hawk. Until finally she ate a carrot stick. Finally. Slowly she began to finish her plate leaving only half a piece of bread and 2 carrot sticks as she finished her milk.

With her food done I got up from the table and reached out my hand for her to take. She stared at it for a moment before finally taking it and following me back to her room. Once there I left her in the middle of the room as I went over to her bags and pulled out some clothes for her. A pair of underwear, sweats, and a nightshirt. Once she was dressed I bent down right in front of her, still in nothing but my towel as I looked at her.

“Can you please just say something? You haven't spoken a word in over a week. Please, anything?” I asked her as she stared right at me. Her eyes just dead inside. Finally, she opened her mouth and in a very faint whisper said something that had my blood run cold and a shiver down my spine as I smacked the teen across the face.

“Just let me die.”

“Don't you ever say that!” I yelled at her as I grabbed her arms.

I watched as her face went from shock to sadness, before rage as she screams and jumped on top of me knocking me back with her right on top of me punching me in the chest.

“I HATE YOU ALL! I HATE YOU, I HATE MOM, I HATE EVELYN, JANICE, JANET, SHARON, KATHERINE, BRENDA! I FUCKING HATE MYSELF!” jean screamed at me as she continually hit me until she finally punched me in the face.

I just reached up and grabbed the raging teen and did the only thing I could think of and pull her in close. I wrapped my arms around her and despite jean trying to fight her way out, I continued to hold her there.

I don't know how long we were there but eventually, the angered girl finally stopped fighting and just lay there on top of me.

“I'm sorry. I'm very sorry.” I apologize.

“I still hate you.” she replied.

“That's fine. I deserve it,” I tell her as I began to loosen my hold on her and start rubbing her back instead.

“Why does it have to be this way?” jean asked.

“Want to talk about it?” I asked her. For a moment she didn't respond. “You've already punched me in the face, why not let out the rest of what's bothering you.”

“Why am I so alone?” she asked.

“What do you mean?”

“You left, then Evelyn and one by one you all left.”

“I'm sorry I left. But mom put us thru too much.” I tried to explain.

“Ya and I were left with her.” Jean continued. “But even she wasn't there. Always at work, I was forced to be in that tiny apartment all alone.”

“I'm sorry.”

“I hate you.” she repeated and I couldn't blame her for it.

“I'm not mom. I won't let you be alone again,” I tell her.

“You're lying,” Jean replied.

“I'm not lying,” I tell her.

“You're just going to send me away as soon as you can,” Jean told me. I just had to look up at her.

“Why would I ever do that?” I asked.

“I heard Evelyn and Sharon fighting. Never of them wanted me. They said that no one in the family wanted me. You just got stuck with me.” she told me.

I was beside myself. She was already going thru a hard time and to hear that? I reached over and lifted her head so she was looking straight at me.

“Jean, I know you think I'm lying, I know you're scared, but believe me when I tell you I want you here. This IS your home now and I will never make you leave. I will promise you I will love you more than you will ever know.” I tell her and I do mean it.

I watched as more tears came into the girl's eyes and she buried her face into my chest.

“I hate you.” she told me.

“I know,” I told her and held onto her.

“I hate you” she repeated.

“I’ll always be here.”

“I hate you!” she yelled

“I will give you everything I have.”

“I hate you!” Jean sobbed.

“And I love already love you,” I tell her as we lay there on the floor. The faint scent of urine in the air from the bed. The muffled crying of a girl in pain. We laid there until Jean finally cried herself to sleep on top of me. I could only sigh and slowly roll onto my side and have us both laying on the floor. The girl using my arm as a pillow. I watched her sleep until even I fell asleep.

The smell and a numb feeling in my arm woke me up. I looked at my arm and seen two beautiful girls lying on top of it. Alice must have woke up from her nap and seen us like this so she decided to join in. she even threw a blanket over us. I could smell the full diaper she had and was torn. wake them up or let them rest just a little longer.

I decided on the later as I reached my other arm around both of them for a small hug.

“I promise to love you both,” I whispered to them both.

After that day things stayed mostly the same. Jean stayed in her room all day. Alice would try to get her to play but wouldn't answer. I would still leave her food and started sitting in her room with her for a little while at a time. It was mostly just me watching her breath but I didn't mind.

When I would leave for a little while I would come back to the food all gone and her still in her same position. Baby steps.

Every 2 days I would have her get up and take a shower with me. And after a week she started to sit up and eat with me in the room. A few days later I had Alice come in as well. She mostly played by herself on the floor but after a few days, Jean was finally on the floor with her silently playing.

Then one day I went into her room and asked her one very important question.

“Want to eat with us at the dinner table?” I asked her and reached out my hand. I wasn't expecting much. But jean surprised me when she took my hand and followed to the table to eat dinner like a family.

By this time school was already over and jean would have to repeat a year but that was fine. She was now slowly opening up to us. I almost cried when I came downstairs from grocery shopping to find both girls in the living room playing together.

“How are my 2 favorite girls doing,” I asked them walking over to pet them on their heads.

“Great! Jean decided to play with me today!” Alice exclaimed happily.

Jean didn't say a word but I could see the faintest of smiles coming from her.

“That's great. But Alice you know what time it is,” I tell her

“Ok.” was all she said as she got up and ran to her room. Coming back with a new diaper and other cleaning supplies.

She immediately sat down right next to jean and laid down ready for her diaper change. Jean just sat there shocked as her face grew red and she turned away as I untaped the saggy diaper. He tried to not look but I notice she would steal a peek every now and then as I wiped, lotion, powder, and finally diapered my baby.

I gave Alice a raspberry on her tummy having the girl squeal before I move over to jean and whispered in her ear.

“Would you like to try one?” I asked. And watched as the girl's face went red and shook her head no.

That night after I put Alice to bed I went into Jean's room.

“I have something for you,” I tell her.

Jean then turned around on her bed and looked at me and seen the stuffed animal I had in my hands.

When I found it in the box it was already nasty and gross. It had stains all over it, one of its ears were missing and most of its stuffing was gone. So I did what I could to fix it. Getting it cleaned up, filling it with one stuffing, putting it into a dress to cover up the stains, and sowing on a small hat was the missing ear was.

“I remembered how much you loved this toy. And while I couldn't make her as she was I think she’s good as new,” I tell jean as I give it to her.

“I love it,” Jean said as she gave me a small smile.

“I also have one last thing for you. I know you said you didn't want to but I think you might want to try this,” I tell her as I set a pull up on her lap before kissing her on her forehead, wishing her a good night and leaving the room before she could protest.

Later that night I when in to check on Alice. Alice is a heavy bed wetter and sometimes her diaper will leak so I come in to check just before I go to sleep if she needs one last change. Shes wet but not too bad. She won't leak tonight. I give the front of her diaper a pet before covering her back up and leaving the room.

I then decide to check on jean. She is sound asleep and upon taking a closer look she had her stuffed animal wrapped safely in her arms. I then know is a pair of sweats and panties on the floor. I decided to take a look and keeping her bottom nice and safe was the pull-up. I cover her back up and moved closer to her.

“Mommy will always be here for her girls,” I whisper to no one as I give jean a peck on her cheek and walk out or the room. Behind me, the little girl just happy smiles and for the first time in years was really happy.

*033*2017-09-19 01:22

I'm glad you like it. Originally this part was going to be much different. it was going to be like Alice's story but I decided since that since I didn't want to repeat the same story. plus I think this version is a lot better.

*035*2017-09-19 01:40

Any ideas on what the next part should be?

*037*2017-09-19 01:42

Lol ill think of something

*039*2017-09-19 20:48

Summer has come and gone again and it was pretty hectic in our household. Jean slowly got out of her shell and began to play with Alice a lot more. Jean doesn't wear diapers but will from time to time sneak a pull up to bed with her as if it was to be ashamed of. I might just have to show her it's ok to wear them more. Maybe I might have her use it someday. We also celebrated Alice's birthday where we invited Bobbi, Marylynn, and Felicia. She just had the time of her life that day. I'll also have to remember Jeans birthday is coming up so I'll have to make plans for that.

Because of her absence in the last half of the school year jean has to be held back and is remaining a freshman in high school. That was fine since this gives her a good chance to start over in a new school.

After thinking about it I decided it wouldn't be fair to have jean go to school while Alice gets to play all day with her toys. So I decided to sign her up for the same classes as Jean. now I know she can't be in the class as it would be too hard and dangerous for her but I did come up with a solution.

I placed a small camera and mike in the classrooms that will play on the tv in our living room. When class starts Alice will be on her own desk following along. I even used my powers on the teachers to give me the work in advance to give to Alice and Jean will turn it in the next day.

At first, Alice was really cranky about it but I made her a deal. If she gets good grades for her report cards I'll get her a new “special” toy to play with. That got her excited especially since after Jean moved in her “special time” has gone down a lot. Where once it was twice a week for being good has been once every two weeks. But I did tell her that any bad test will be punished just like any other student.

Speaking of punishments I have two coming in today, both on the cheer team. Bree is the cheer captain of the Hyper Vipers and Kelly is a backup flyer on the team. While normally I would have them come in on separate days I today was a nice exception. With Bree being caption she needs to be at practice while Kelly can miss it. So I'll have Kelly meet me after school and when Bree is done with practice in a few hours I'll have her meet me. And I think I'll have some of my own fun.

Both girls are coming to see me because the janitor caught them grafting the girl's bathroom stalls during a class period and calling a teacher fat.

Personly I would have stripped them of their cheer positions but the cheer coach convinced the principal to let it slide with just a session with me.

Kelly came into D-1 with her cheerleading outfit already on. Her coach told her that if she's lucky she might get on my good side and I'll let her out early. Kelly was 5’5 and had her dark hair in a ponytail wearing a purple cheerleader dress that featured a glittering viper at the center, mesh detailing on the stomach, and a pleated skirt.

“Before we start I would like to ask if you have any other homework you would like to get done while you're here?” I asked Kelly who shook her head no. so I began to write on the board.

Mandatory test

Punishment / exercise.

“Since you don't have homework or a test you'll do one of my own. Then you will receive your punishment/exercise, and then you can go back to practice.’ i tell kelly with a smile on my face and hand her a 40 question test and a water bottle.

Kelly took both and sat down at the desk and began. This test was meant to be taken in about 20 minutes and she finished hers in 25. Once done she brought the test up to my desk to look over, She got a B-.

“Are we like, almost over?” Kelly asked in her valley girl accent.

“Almost sweety, now please be a good cheerleader and hold out your hands.

“Why?” Kelly asked.

“It's part of the punishment,” I tell her. When she does raise her hands I swiftly slap my cuffs around her wrist.

“Huh?” was all she could say before I pulled her over my desk and attached the cuffs to the lock on the side. “Mis.Mare whats going on!”

“Your punishment,” I tell her as I slip a pacifier between her lips. “Good cheerleader, be quiet for me.

She tried to kick me but like so many before her I grabbed both legs and spread them before lifting up her skirt and grabbed the sides of her shorts pulling them down to her feet. She tried again to kick me but I just pushed her legs down and put my foot on her shorts trapping her legs and giving me a nice view of her ass.

“My what a naughty girl you are not wearing any underwear under your shorts,” I tell her before I smack her bottom and listen as she screams into the pacifier. “Good cheerleader. Now, how do 10 swats to each check sound?”

She tried to look back to shake her head no but screamed again as I smacked the other cheek.

“Good cheerleader, that's 1,” I tell her.

*smack! *scream! *smack!

“Good cheerleader, that's 2”

*smack! *scream! *smack!

“Good cheerleader, that's 3”

I continued on until I reached 10. Kelly was now crying and breathing hard. With the spanking out of the way, it's time for the next step. I pulled out a paper bag and grab out the gloves and lotion.

“Good cheerleader. Now I'm going to give you something to help with the burning,” I tell her and squeeze lotion on her bright red bum. She squeals when the cold lotion touches her but soon starts moaning as I rub it in. “I beat all the boys would love to see this sight.” I poke fun at her and make her squirm at the thought before I grab the laxative pill and slide it right into her tight hole. Her ass feels like a clamp on my finger but with the lotion, I am able to easily slip it out.

“What a good cheerleader. Now let's get you nice and sealed,” I tell her and push the butt plug in. it takes a moment from all her trashing but it goes in making a tight seal. Next, comes the diaper before I stem off the girl's shorts and pull them back up over the diaper.

“Ok you now have two options,” I tell Kelly as I walk in front of her and look her in the eyes. “You can either try and run away when I unlock you. Where you run the risk of the school seeing you and the laxative I gave you. Or you can be a good cheerleader and do your exercise. When you're done I'll let you use the bathroom and send you on your way.” I tell her already knowing what she was going to pick.

I unlock the girl and she stands up immediately rubbing the back of her still stinging bottom. I then have her stand in the center of the room as I move the desk.

### author's note (these next selections have kelly in different flyer positions. If anyone doesn't know what they are here is a link to a picture that will show what she is doing.

%http://kateboydcheerleading.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/flyer-body-positions2.jpg

###

“You should be familiar with these positions since you do them every day. First ‘two feet’,” I tell Kelly.

Kell just fiddles with the front of her skirt a bit before spreading her legs and raising her arms in the air.

“Good cheerleader. Now, ‘liberty’” I tell her.

She keeps her arms in the air but put her feet together and raises her left knee into the air. Her face showing her discomfort of the diaper and plug.

“Good cheerleader, “arabesque’”

She put her foot down before she stood on one leg with her other leg turned out and extended behind her body, and as straight as she could.

“Good cheerleader. ‘Heel stretch.’

Suddenly Kelly looked a little scared. And a single tear came out as she raised her left leg up as high as she could reviling the diaper with her shorts on them.

“Good cheerleader. “Bow and arrow,” I tell her next

She grabs her leg and held it high as she stretched her arm out.

“Good cheerleader. ‘Scorpion”

Kelly put her leg down and was about to do it when she felt the first cramp and she grabbed her stomach. Looking up at me with eyes full of terror.

“The cramp will subside I a moment. When it does you won't have long before the next one hits. Be a good cheerleader and finish your last 3.” I tell her.

As I said the cramp went away and not knowing when it would be back she quickly put her leg behind her head and grabbed it with both hands. She held it for 2 seconds before letting go and staring intently at me to give her the last 2 positions.

“Good cheerleader. Needle.”I tell her.

Kelly took a deep breath through her nose and began to put her leg behind her back and tried to straighten it when she collapses on the floor clutching her stomach. She looked up at me and began to plead with me thru the pacifier.

“Is it getting to hard for you?” I asked her. And she frantically shook her head yes. “Ok fine I think I'll go easy on you. If you be a good cheerleader and let me write something on the back of your diaper I'll let you use the potty. Now put your hands on the desk.”

Kelly was a good cheerleader and got up and placed her hands on the desk. I walked up behind her and lifted up her skirt. Next, i taped on her legs having her spread them before I pulled her shorts down to her ankles. I then took a purple marker to write “Hyper Diapered Vipers”

“Good cheerleader, now feel good and go potty,” I tell her as I slipped my hand into the diaper and pulled out the plug.

“Hellow? Mis.mare I'm here for…” Bree said behind me.

### Sara’s POV.

“I can't believe I forgot my science book at school,” I whisper to myself as I walked back into the school.

I walked all the way home without even realizing I forgot the dame book with all my knots and I have a science test tomorrow. Part of me wanted to say fuck it and ditch the test, maybe get to see Mis.mare again. But I then remembered what she warned me about.

“I don't mind you scheduling a little fun time with me. However, if I find you back on my list for being a bad girl ill lock you into a chastity for a month.” Mis.mare word me.

I could only sigh in frustration as I opened my locker and pulled the science book out. Then a thought occurred. I wonder if mis.mare is still in her office? And I wonder if she wouldn't mind a quicky?

I blushed at the perverted thoughts as I closed the locker and began to walk toward her office when a cheerleader came running around the corner and slammed right into me sending us both to the floor.

“What the hell!” I say as I look at the girl and see that she was wearing a pacifier wrapped around her head and had handcuffs on her wrists. The girl quickly crawled over to me and grabbed my shirt and squealed something at me.

“Bad cheerleader, where did you go?” we heard Mis.mare call and the girl freaked out more.

I didn't know what to do so I got up, grabbed the girl and pulled her into a nearby classroom.

Once inside the girl ducked behind the teacher's desk and I ducked below the door and listen as Mis.mare walked past.

“Bad cheerleader you can run but you can't hide.” she said before walking away.

“She's gone.” I whispered. A moment later the girl poked her head out from behind the desk and I walked over to her and removed the pacifier. “My name is Sara, I'm a sophomore. Can you tell me whats going on? Why was Mis.mare looking for you?”

“My name is Bree. and that bitch attacked me,” she told me.

“Ok start from the beginning, what happens?” I asked. Bree took a breath to calm down and told me what happen.

“I was leading the cheer team thru our normal routines when our coach told me she could handle the rest and I should get my detention over with. So I walked into Mis.mare’s office earlier than expected when I saw something that shocked me. I walked in just that bitch was forcing my friend Kelly to shit in a diaper.”

“Oh, my,” I say out loud and blush.

“That not all. She grabbed me when I tried to run and put these handcuffs on me.” she lifted her hands showing the cuffs. “ I tried to fight, I tried yelling for Kelly to stop her but she didn't move as I was placed over Mis.mare’s desk. That bitch then told kelly ‘to be a good cheerleader and sit at her desk’. I don't know what she did to her but Kelly actually sat down in a chair in a full diaper! I tried yelling for help but mis.mare removed that pacifier out of Kelly’s mouth and shoved it into mine.”

“I can't believe it,” I said as I held up the pacifier.

“It's true. She then started saying I was a bad cheerleader as she pulled my shorts and underwear down and started to spank me in front of kelly! I haven't been spanked in years! She- she then….” she stopped for a moment as small tears forming in her eyes and she held her stomach. “She put something in me. In my ASS! She then took my shorts and underwear and put me into a diaper!”

Bree then stood up and lifted her skirt to show not only was she in a diaper but also locking panties. If it wasn't for the rush of everything her diaper would have been poking out of the bottom of her skirt.

“Wow,” I say as my eyes went wide and I began to blush more.

“Ya, but I was lucky. She got a call right then and had to leave the room for a moment. I finally had my chance and I realized she didn't lock my cuffs on her desk all the way and I ran. But she saw me just as I ran the corner and ran into you.

“That's quite the story,” I say as I look down.

“Can you help me! Please!” Bree asked as she grabbed my hand.” please go find someone or something to get me out of these things and call the cops on that bitch!” Bree said before another cramp hit her.

“Ok, I'll be right back. Stay here!” I tell her as I run out of the room.

The moment I'm out I quickly lift up my skirt showing off my diaper and I can't help but rub the front for a moment. IM SO FUCKING LUCKY!

Before I get too invested in my fun I run around the corner and right into room D-1 was my favorite teacher Mis.mare is helping up another cheerleader off the ground.

“Ok Kelly, be a good cheerleader and take your diaper home with you. When you get home to throw it away and put on a new one to practice your positions in,” she tells the girl before giving her a quick peck on the check and a tap to her butt sending the cheerleader rushing out of the room with a smile and brown paper bag that undoubtedly had a used diaper in it and a few extras for fun.

Mis.mare then when behind her desk and sat down. Justering me to do the same.

“I'm so glad to see my good girl. I was quite surprised when I turned the corner and Bree were gone. That is until I see you poke your head up and put your finger to your lips. So how is my bad cheerleader doing.” Mis mair asked

“She’s fine, she's just a little scared at the moment and is already feeling cramps,” I tell her.

“Well, at least I know where she is. I wasn't expecting her here so soon. Well, I might as well go get her.”

“Wait!” I yell and mis.mare just looked at me. “Let me handle her!” I didn't know what I was saying. I think I'm just getting too excited I'm not thinking straight.

“Actually that might be a good idea.” Mis mare said before opening a drawer and pulling out another bag. “I'm going to give you some instructions to follow and I want you to be a good girl for mommy and follow them,” she told me and I was more than happy to follow her instructions.

“Anything for mommy,” I tell her.

“Good girl, also I think you dropped this.” mommy said as she held up my science book.

A few minutes later I was slipping back into the classroom. No one was in sight.

“Pisst, it's me, Sara,”I say to the room. Suddenly Bree’s head poked out from behind the desk.

“What took you so long?” she asked.

“I had to get some tools to get the lock off,” I tell her as I raise the paper bag up. “Let me see the lock.”

Bree was starting to get up as I walked over when we heard familiar footsteps echoing through the hall.

“Bad cheerleader. I'll find you.” Mis.mair said outside as she walked past the room.

Both Bree and I jumped behind the desk and waited for a few moments.

“Lat down on your stomach and I'll work on the lock,” I whisper to her. She does and I get on top of her.

I then open the bag and start getting things ready.

“What's taking so long?” Bree asked.

“Just a moment,” I tell her before taking out the key and unlocking the panties and sliding them off.

“Thank you so much. I don't know how much longer I could have…” Bree started but as she turned around to thank me I shoved a new pacifier into her mouth.

“Shh, mommy said since I was a good girl for her I can play with you for a bit,” I tell her before getting on Bree's stomach.

Bree started to freak out and started to hit my back before trying to pull my skirt down. There she saw my own diapered bottom with the words “hyper diapered viper” written in purple marker by mommy.

“Bad cheerleaders like you don't deserve it but I'm going to let you play with my favorite toy,” I tell her and show her a little plastic bunny with a rod sticking through its belly.

Bree tried to kick knee me in the face as I rubbed the front of her diaper but she soon stopped when a cramp hit her and I slid the toy into her diaper, and then her sex.

I then spun around to face Bree. her face was bright red and she was breathing hard.

“Mommy also gave me the same laxative she gave you. So before we use our diapers let's play,” I tell Bree and press a button on a remote. The vibrations come to life and both let out a loud moan.

Bree tried to hit me again with her cuffed hands but I just grab them and force them to rub the front of my vibrating diaper.

“Aaaaaa, that feels so good!” I moan out as the first cramp hit me. I had to use all the strength I had not to go since I don't have a plug.

I then watched as Bree’s body also went through a massive cramp. I then laid down tight on top of her, pressing the front of our diapers against each other and I began to play with Bree's breast.

“Is the bad cheerleader having fun,” I asked as another wave of cramps hit. “Oh god, I got to POOP!”

“I think that's my cue,” said Mis.mare from the doorway as she walked over to us.

“No mommy I'm not…” I tried to protest but she pushed a regular pacifier into my mouth.

“I know but the bad cheerleader has needed to poop longer and it's not good for her to hold it in so long. Now be a good girl for mommy and flip her over.” mommy told me.

Happily, I wrapped my arms around the struggling Bree and rolled her on top of me, locking my legs around hers so she didn't get in mommy way.

“Good, now the bad cheerleader. Why don't you do something good and make you and Sara feel great.” mommy tells her as she pulled out Bree's plug and using the remote I left on the table set the vibrators on max and we screamed!

A few minutes later Bree is bent over the desk she was hiding under waring an ever bigger diaper over her still messy one. On the back of it, sais ‘MESSY hyper diaper viper baby’ and I'm behind her with a paddle in hand as I smack her thick backside casing us to moan. Mis.mare is sitting right in front of us with the remote in hand. Every time I spank Bree she said “Bad cheerleader.” and turns on the vibrator for just that moment.

After 30 spankings Mis.mare says it's time to stop. She can't let Bree walk home in a double thick full diaper so decided to drive her instead. Mis.mare even offered me a ride that I turned down. My skirt was long enough to cover my full diaper.

Before I left, however, there was just one last thing I had to do. I asked Mis.mare for her marker and the remote, which she said I could keep. I then walked in front of Bree and lifted up her skirt to wright on the front my phone number and the message ‘call for a good time’. I then quickly gave her a kiss on her pacifier and one last jolt of the vibrator before grabbing my science book and walking out of the classroom.

It wasn't 40 minutes later as I'm studying my notes I get a text from Bree…..

*041*2017-09-20 08:23

Thank you. The next part will be up in a few days and the girls will be playing truth or dare. any truth or dare you want to ask? ask for anyone except Mis.mare

*043*2017-09-21 20:56

I think I can make that fit somewhere lol

*045*2017-09-23 09:08

What to get, what to get. That is the question. Currently, I'm taking jean shopping with me to get her some new school clothes. Because of everything that happened during the summer we didn't have a chance to go until now.

“What about this one?” jean asked me as she held up a skirt to her waist.

“It's very cute,” I tell her.

While school shopping is important I'm also here for another reason. In a few days, it will be jean”s birthday and I'm trying to keep a mental list of things she might live for a present.

I tried to ask her what she wants but she’s been stubborn about it and won't tell me anything saying things like ‘i don't need it’ or ‘you’ve already done a lot for me’ it's somewhat irritating.

So far the list is a camera, plasma ball, bean bag chair, and a book called Cirque Du Freak. So far so good and ill let some friends know as well.

“So how does lunch sound before we get Alice a toy?” I asked Jean as we left the store.

“Sounds good.” she replied holding her bags.

We went to the food court was Jean got 2 slices of pizza and I got some Chinese food. We just sat and talked while we eat. It was a really enjoyable time when a man walked over to our table.

“Aw so it was you I saw, good evening Mis.mare.” the man said. He was a handsome man who just started working for the school this year as the science teacher.

“Good evening Mr.Cunningham what brings you here today?” I asked him as I wipe any food from my face.

“My toaster caught fire so I thought I would do a little shopping.” he explained.

“How did a toaster catch on fire?” jean asked.

“My roommate partied a little too hard that night and tried to fit a wrapped turkey sandwich into the toaster. It didn't work.” Mr.Cunningham explained. “Anyway I was heading out when I saw Jean with who I thought was Mis.mare and just had to see if it really was you.”

“Yes, Jean and I are just doing some late school shopping,” I told him.

“Better late than never,” Jean replied.

“Ha, I agree,” Mr.Cunningham said.

“Well we should be going soon too, we still need to get one last thing before we go home.” I remind jean and we both got up to continue shopping.

“Wait just a moment, there's something I would like to ask you,” Mr.Cunningham said to me.

“Yes?”

“I was wondering if you might be free this weekend. I was you might consider going out on a date with me?” he asked.

I was a little stunned. This was the first time since high school that I was asked out. And I've been too busy with work and Alice I never really had much time or a want to date.

“I'm flattered but I already have plans. Its Jean’s birthday this weekend,” I explained.

“Ow happy early birthday,” he tells Jean. “And I understand, maybe another time.”

“Wait, she can still go,” Jean spoke out just as he was about to leave.

“What are you talking about?” I asked.

“I'm having a sleepover that night, I think we can handle ourselves while you go out on a date,” Jean said.

“But it’s your birthday.” I reminded her.

“It's fine.” she assured me.

“Well let me give you my number and you can call if you make a decision,” Mr.Cunningham said to us as he pulled out a pen and a reseat to write his number down and give it to me.

He then said his goodbyes and wished jean a happy birthday before leaving. I then gave Jean a look.

“You're in trouble,” I tell her.

“Why? I just got you a date!” she said a little too excitedly.

“But I didn't want a date, and I wanted to be at your party,” I tell her as we walked to a toy store.

“Like I said it's fine. It's a sleepover so you can afford to be gone o few hours… or all night.” she said with a slight grin and a girl. I just reached over and grabbed her ear bringing her close to me.

“Naughty girls with dirty minds get punished,” I whispered in her ear and she blushed a bit.

Either way, I wasn't sure about even wanting to date. Even if I did I would have to force them to understand Alice’s situation and so much more. While it does sound nice I put my baby's first.

After that Jean didn't bring it up anymore as we got Alice her toy.

As soon as we got home Alice greeted us with a nice warm smile.

“Hi mommy, hi Jean. how was shopping,” she asked not really caring and just wanted to snoop out the bags for her toy.

“It was good. Jean got a lot of cute outfits and some other school supplies,” I tell her knowing what she’s doing.

“Did you get me anything?” she asked.

“Now why would I do that?” I asked.

“Because I've been a very good girl and you love me,” she told me trying to act all cute. I wonder if this is how she got her way with her old life before?

“Why yes you have and I did get you something,” I tell her as I pull out a book from one of my bags. Her face went from overly excited to slightly happy.

“Thank you, mommy, I like it.” she told me as she tried to keep up the exciting act but failed miserably.

“Want to make a deal,” I asked Alice.

“What?” she asked confused.

“If you promise to read 3 chapters tonight before bed I'll also give you this,” I tell her as I pull out a new doll.

Alice squealed in excitement and gave me a big hug saying she promised and ran off with to her room with the book and doll.

“She’s very excitable,” Jean remarked.

“Ya, it's because she doesn't get to go out much or have many friends come over. It's only recently she’s had anyone else to talk to. I tell jean as I pull out everything from our bags and began putting them away.

A few hours later I tell Alice it's time to read and remind her she owed me 3 chapters from her new book. I then checked on Jean who was listening to her music while at her desk doing homework. Now was a perfect time.

I walked upstairs and into my office where I keep my phone. I don't get service downstairs so I never bother to bring it down. I dial a number and listen as the phone rings 4 times before someone answers.

“Hi, Felicia its Mare. I tell my friend over the phone. “How are you doing.”

“Hi, Mare. I'm doing good. Just changed the baby out of her dirty diaper and about to have her take a bath.” she tells me.

“What a good big sister,” I remarked.

“Ya, dad started working nights and since she likes being a kid at home I have to look after her.” she replied.

Ever since that Halloween Marylynn has become so addicted to her diapers that is she's not in public she immediately wants to be in them and treated like a little girl.

“Well, at least she's not how she was before. Who knows what sort of trouble she would be in.” I tell her.

“Ha, ya she wasn't the brightest tool in the shed before but know we have less to worry about her. Plus dad doesn't mind too much. He's just glad she’s not hanging around a lot of boys. But I don't think he likes the fact that she sometimes has accidents at school.” she told me.

“I'm sure it will all work out, and hay I can give her some pull-ups to try at school.” I offer.

“That would be great! I'm sure she will be excited to try that. Anyway, so what's up?” Felicia asked.

“I wanted to remind you about Jean's birthday party this weekend,” I tell her.

“Ya, we can't wait. Marylynn and I have been looking forward to it. By the way, did you figure out what present we should get her?” she asked.

“Ya get her a plasma ball. She’ll love it.” I tell her.

“Awesome, hey I have to go I hear Marylynn crying down stares. She might have had another accident. Call me tomorrow.” Felicia said and hung up as I told her I would. Before I forgot I also sent her one last text.

Ok, next person to call. I called Bobbi’s mommy and spoke to her about letting Bobbi come over and stay the night this weekend and she said Bobbi would love too.

Once I got done talking to her I decided on calling someone else.

“Hello?” the girl said on the other end.

“Hello. This is mis.mare, I'm looking for Sara.” I tell the girl.

“Ow hi mis.mare this is Sara. How did you get my home number?” she asked.

“I work in a school it wasn't hard. Anyway, I was wondering if you might like to be invited to a sleepover at my house. It's one of my little girls birthdays this weekend and I thought you might enjoy it.” I tell her.

Sara has been a very good girl and she is always trying to set up “play time” for us. So I thought she might like to play with Jean and Alice.

“That sounds awesome! Would it be alright if I invite someone with me?” she asked.

“Who is it?” I asked.

“Bree. we've been seeing each other a lot lately and I think she might like to come as well,” she tells me.

“Why not, the more the merrier,” I tell her.

We talked for a few more minutes discussing the party and where to meet up. She also wanted to set up “play time” as well. I think she might like them a little too much….

When Saturday finally came I went into the kitchen and made a great breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, and two big pancakes each. I set the food on the table and went to wake up jean.

She was sound asleep when I came in. she just looked so cute curled up sleeping. I decided to take a little peek under her blanket to see if she was still wearing the pull-ups and sure enough she was.

I then had an evil thought. While she slept I removed her underwear and her dirty laundry from her room and quickly hid all the pull-ups.

“Baby girl it's time to wake up,” I whispered to jean as I slightly shook her awake. “Happy birthday!”

“Thank you, mom,” she said groggily until she looked up at me. “I-I'm so sorry, I didn't mean…” she panicked realizing she just called her sister mom.

“It's ok sweetie, I already think of you as one of my babies,” I tell the now blushing girl. “Alice calls me mommy all the time and so can you. Now get some sweatpants on and come eat.”

I leave the room and go to wake up Alice. She's groggy but knows to be good for mommy and hold still while I change her diaper. As I'm finishing up I know this jean poking her head into the room. Her face was bright red and she was shaking a tiny bit. She tried muttering something to me but was interrupted by Alice yelling happy birthday to her. I then walked over to her and whispered into her ear.

“You've been wasting too many pull-ups lately. I don't mind you wearing them but I don't like wasting things. I'll give you back your underwear when you give me 4 wet pull-ups.” I tell her before walking away from the confused birthday girl.

Jean was fighting at breakfast a lot but finished her plate while Alice only had the pancakes and sausage before wanting to play. While jean came up to me and weakly whispered in my ear that she used her first pull up at the table.

As soon as I was done I told the girls I would be living for a few hours and wanted them to straighten up the house while I was gone to get ready for the party.

I went to the grocery store and got a lot for the sleepover. 3 types of chips, 3 two liters of pop, a box of popcorn, 4 frozen pizzas, (I'm planning on a birthday dinner later just not for so many people.) a veggie plate, a vanilla cake with chocolate frosting and a tub of vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce to go with it.

I was just about to check out when I ran into Felicia.

“Fancy meeting you here.” I greet her.

“Same, getting things for the party?” she asked looking at all the stuff I had.

“Yes, Jean and Alice are really looking forward to it,” I tell her.

“Same, I just went and got the plasma ball not too long ago. Ow and I got what you asked for,” she said reminding me of the text I sent her.

“Ow thank you, I'll pay you back for it during the party,” I tell her.

“No need, after all the stuff you have done for me and my sister I think this is the least we can do to help pay you back,” Felicia told me and I was very grateful.

We both went to the checkout station and paid for our things. Felicia was only getting a few things for her house. We then put our stuff in our cars before going to a nearby coffee shop to sit down and talk face to face.

Our talks went from the party to how the girls are doing. And somehow landed on me being asked out on a date.

“I think you should go,” Felicia told me sipping her coffee.

“No, you too. Jean said the same thing but I want to be there for her birthday,” I tell Felicia as I set my smoothy aside. (i don't like coffee.)

“But that's because she's having a party that you should go. You were already planning on having a family dinner tomorrow. Tonight you should enjoy yourself just as much as they are.” she tells me.

“But I haven't been on a date since high school. Plus I do enjoy myself at our parties.” I tell her.

“Ya you enjoy watching us have fun and playing while you sit and relax.” she tells me.

It's true though. I do enjoy just watching but maybe they have a point. It's a sleepover and I can just go out for a few hours and still be home to play with the girls before they go to sleep.

“I'll think about it,” I tell her.

A few hours later and the party is fully set up. The table is fully set up, and I got them 3 new movies for them to watch.

Soon all the guests arrived. Bobbi was first and was already in a cute cat onesie. Next was Sara and her new friend Bree. they were both surprised to see the house under the school and even more surprised when I introduced them to Alice. Sara immediately fell in love with Alice’s room. Last to arrive was Felicia and Marylynn. Felicia whispered in my ear that she stepped into my office and dropped something off, to which I thanked her.

We all had a little fun and had some snacks before I brought out the cake and the singing began.

“Happy Birthday to You

Happy Birthday to You

Happy Birthday Dear Jean

Happy Birthday to You.”

We all sang as I lit the candles and watched jean blow them out.

It was 6:37 now and after they all had their cake that I told them I would be going out on that date. I had no complaints and was greatly encouraged to have my own fun for the night.

### Jean’s pov ###

It wasn't long after she left that we all went into the living room and talked about what we should do next. Bobbi suggested we watch one of the movies but we decided it was a little too early for that. Marylynn suggested we tell scary stories but her sister reminded her that the last time she did that she was scared shitless for weeks. It was finally Sara who had the idea of truth or dare.

But regular truth or dare would be boring as most people just wind up sticking with truth. So she suggested we write down the truth or dare questions and role a dice to decide what the person would do. 1,2 got truth, 3,4 got dare, and 5,6 got drink. She suggested that if we got 5 or 6 we drink a glass of water. As a little twist to the game, it would also be a holding contest. At the start of every new round, we all had to drink.

With the rules set we were all given 4 plank flashcards to make our own questions before they were all shuffled into a deck and we got into a circle to start the game. Making a toast first.

Sara was first and she got 2 truth.

‘Have you ever lied to your parents about what you were doing after school?’

“Yes. I told my mom I was meeting with friends when I was really going to meet Mis.mare,” she told us.

Alice was next. 1 truth.

‘What was your childhood nickname?’

“Mommy used to tease me a lot and call me Miss Alice P. Buttfart.” she told us as her face blushed.

Bree next. 6 drink

Marylynn next. 3 dare.

‘Roll a die and whoever's turn it is lick or sucks their nipples for 30 seconds each.’

Marylynn blushed heavily at this but rolled the dice. It landed on Bree (3) and she even blushed as all us girls cheered it on. Bree lifted her shirt revealing her perky breasts. Marylynn inched closely before latching onto Bree’s breast and causing her to moan for a moment. After 30 seconds she switched to the other one and was sucking on them like a hungry baby. Once she was done both of Bree’s nipples were sticking out. She decided not to put her shirt back on.

I was up next and hoped I didn't get something like that. 1 truth THANK GOD!

‘What is your best talent?

“I don't know. I guess it would be sports?” I answered honestly.

Bobbi went next. 3 dare

‘Lick someone’s foot.’

Bobbi rolled the die, 2 Alice. Alice took off her socks and Bobbi crawled over to lick her foot which made Alice laugh out loud because it tickled.

Felicia was last and she rolled the die. 5 drink

Back to Sara and we all took another drink. 4, dare.

‘Twerk for a minute without pants.’

She laughed and said that that one was hers. She then removed the long skirt she was wearing to reveal her diaper. Then in front of us, all began trying to badly twirk as we all laughed.

Alice next. 6 drink

Bree. 5 drink again.

She sighed a breath of relief that it wasn't a dare.

Marylynn. 4 dare again

‘Put peanut butter on your nose, and try to lick it off’ (hay mine!)

I went and out the peanut butter and put a dab of it on her nose and we watched as the tried to reach for it and went cross-eyed trying.

My turn again. 1 again.

‘How was your first kiss?’

“To tell you the truth I've never kissed anyone except my mom or sister on the cheek,” I tell them.

“Ow, I have an idea!” Alice said and ren up to me and suddenly kissed me! It took everything I had just to push her off and everyone was laughing and asking how was it.

“Like kissing my sister,” I tell them as I wipe my mouth

Bobbi next. 5 drink

Back to Felicia. 3 dare

‘Give a back rub to someone till next turn.’ 1 Sara.

Sara got on her stomach as Felicia began to rub her back.

Sare was next again which meant another drink. 2 truth.

‘What's the craziest thing that you have ever done without your parents knowing?’

“I just recently, (moan from the back rub) tried wetting my diaper, (moan again) while I walked right in front of them.” she told us.

Alice was next. 2 truth

‘What is one embarrassing fact?’

“I like to play with Totoro.’ she said with a slight blush.

“What's that?” Bree asked.

“The big stuffed animal she has in her room, it's from a anime,” I tell her. “But that's not embarrassing.”

“No I like to PLAY with Totoro” she specified as she blushed even harder and it finally clicked what she meant. I won't be able to look at Totoro the same again…

Bree was next. 4 dare.

‘Raise your shirt play with your nipples 30 sec’

“Whats with my nipples today!” she yelled. After a moment to calm down she began to play with her already erect nipples and began to moan just as loudly as Sara.

Marylynn, 1 truth.

‘What is your weirdest habit?’

“I like the feeling of a wet diaper and will try to hide that it's wet for as long as possible.” she said.

“So that's why you're getting that rash!” Felicia exclaimed casing Marylynn to blush deeply.

Back to my turn. 3 dare. fuck...

‘make a sandwich naked

I was blushing deeply and I really didn't want to do it. But after seeing what they all did I slowly began to take off my clothes. First my shirt, then my socks, my training bra, then my skirt revealing I was in a pull-up. I was about to take it off when Marylynn suggested I keep it on to which everyone agreed. Making me even more embarrassed than if I was just naked. I then proceeded to make the sandwich. Once done I quickly wanted to put my clothes back on but Bree stopped me.

“New rule. Whatever is taken off stays off,” she said to which they all agreed.

“B-but this is too embarrassing!” I complained.

“Then why don't we all strip?” Sara said before moaning again.

Soon everyone was taking off everything and I finally realized I was the odd girl out as they all were wearing diapers while I was wearing a pull-up!

“Even your wearing one Felicia?” I asked.

“Well, I thought I would be the only one left out so I thought why not!” she told me. “Besides I'm positive Mis.mare won't mind if we're all in diapers."

“MY turn!” Bobbi exclaimed before I could proses what was said. 1 truth.

‘Who is the worst teacher you have ever had, why?

“Mr.Boker. He was such a messed up teacher. If you didn't kiss his butt he didn't like you. I made him mad once calling him Boker the Goat poker.” we then busted out laughing at that and asked why.

“Because it sounded funny and it caused a good rumor to go around saying he liked to ‘poke’ goats.” she told us.

Felicia was next, to Sara’s disappointment. 5 drink

Sara again. But before we went she had us all drink another cup and I was now starting to feel the need to pee. 2 truth.

‘What is your biggest turn off in a partner?

“If they don't like diapers their out. Luckily I don't have to worry about that right now, “ she said and I noticed Bree’s face just turned an even brighter shade of red. I wonder why?

Alice was next. 3 dare.

‘Bite or kiss someone’s booty. 6 Felicia.

Alice giggled as she crawled over behind Felicia. She then pulled down her diaper and Felicia yelped as Alice bit the girl on the ass and we were on the floor dying!

When we could finally stop it was Bree’s turn. 2 truth.

‘Who is your best-looking teacher that you have ever had’

“I don't know. I guess Mr.Cunningham” she told us and we all started to think about what the date was like right now.

Marylynn was next and she was starting to hold her crotch. 4, dare.

‘Have the birthday girl give you 6 spankings. If this is the birthday girl you get one spank from everyone.’

I was so glad I didn't get this one as I walked behind her and had her put her hands up as I started spanking her, I was on the 5th spank when she suddenly let out a gasp and we watched as she was the first to fill her diaper.

“Marylynn is out!” Sara said.

I was up again. 6 drink I was getting pretty full and I didn't know how much longer I could hold

Bobbi next.3 dare.

‘Make out with someone. 2 Alice.

“Haha well it's not like we haven't tried before,” she said as she when over to Alice and sat on her lap and started making out. Then suddenly we all heard a hissing sound, followed by another as both girls filled their diapers while still making out.

“Both are out!” Sara called while she started to do the pee-pee dance.

Felicia next. 3 dare.

Put your hand down someone's pants until your next round. 1 Sara.

Bree walked over and shoved her hand down the girl's diaper.

“Wow, its nice and smooth” Felicia commented making Sara blush a lot.

We then took another drink and suddenly Sara was holding tightly to Felicia’s arm as both girls started screaming. I didn't know why until I see Sara’s diaper turn yellow and we all started to laugh as Felicia finally pulled her hand out of the diaper and went to wash it off.

It was down to the 3 of us and we were all looking almost ready to burst when Sara suggested we drink one more glass. As we did she whispered something to Alice and Marylynn. As soon as we were done drinking suddenly Alice came up from behind and started to tickle me! But I wasn't the only one as Sara was tickling Bree and Marylynn had Felicia.

“Let's see who lasts longer!” Sara yelled and I knew we wouldn't last long. Sure enough, Bree’s diaper turned a bright yellow.

It was just down to me and Felicia as our sisters tickled us!

### Find out who wins at the end of Part 2! ###

*047*2017-09-24 21:22

I walked back through the school hallway glad the date had to be canceled. I just hope the girls haven't gotten into too much trouble.

I open the D-3 door and I hear them immediately laughing and having fun. I giggle wondering what they're doing as I walk down the stairs and heard one girl yell yes.

As soon as I was at the bottom step I was very shocked to see all the girls standing around naked except for a diaper and a very strong smell of urine.

“Whats going on here!” I yelled and all the girls stopped what they were doing and look at me with dread on their face’s. All of them in a wet diaper. Immediately they all started to talk over each other trying to explain what happens.

“QUIET!” I yelled and they all fell silent. “Don't move!” I tell them as I walk out of the room for a moment and returned with a laundry basket.

I had each of them collected their discarded clothing and place it in the basket. When one tried to speak I gave them a look that made them fall silent. I then had them all line up on the wall and wait.

I go into my room and grab a few things before carrying them all back into the living room and set them all down on the table. I then laid down a changing mat before sitting on the couch.

“Alice you're first,” I tell her and the girl walked over knowing she was in trouble. “Tell mommy what you were doing before I got home”

“Playing truth or dare and a holding contest.” she said.

“Ok, then I'm going to give you all a spanking. Not for playing the game, but for trashing my house and being naughty girls and being naked when I got home.” I tell them.

To tell the truth I don't mind. I already know it was a harmless game and they would have cleaned up but I decided if they were going to be naughty I might as well join in my own way.

I had Alice over my knee and in front of everyone I took my paddle and started spanking her wet diaper. Once done I have her over the changing mat and start the change. I remove the wet diaper and got the girl nice and clean and put a new one on her. But before I put it on I have something special for them.

I grab a baggy I had filled with bananas I froze and pulled one out.

“You all are getting two and you are to hold it until I say so. Anyone who goes without my say so will start over and get a plug.” I tell them and watch as they silently look at each other in fear as I coat the banana in glycerin and put the banana into Alice.

“Sara you're next,” I tell her as I help Alice up and give her a large pink hello kitty t-shirt to wear before having her stan on the opposite wall. “you're enjoying this aren't you?” I asked her. she just gave me a sly smile before I pulled her over my knee. I then gave her a diaper change and put the bananas in her before giving her a green shirt to put on.

“Bobbi come here,” I tell her. She walked over with tears in her eyes. “You can cry if you like, you're still getting a spanking and bananas,” I told her before I pulled her over my knee. I then gave her a diaper change and put the bananas in her before giving her a blue shirt with a white star in the middle.

“Marylynn get your baby butt over here.” she was the most scared of them all and even tried to cover her diaper with her hands so that I wouldn't spank it. “Marylynn you can either remove those hands or you can get a bare bottom spanking instead.” she made the right choice and went over my knee. I then gave her a diaper change, put the bananas in and gave her yellow shirt with a happy sun on it.

“Your next Bree,” I told her as she slowly walked over. “I hope you're having fun and come play with us more,” I tell her as I spank her diaper. After the change and bananas, I did one last thing and wrote ‘Hyper Diapered Vipers’ on the front of her diaper before giving her a purple shirt.

By now most of the girls were squirming but I still had 2 more babies to go.

“Felicia my new baby girl, come to mommy,” I tell the girl as she blushed and walked over. “You look good in a wet diaper, maybe you should try it more often,” I tell her before paddling her, new diaper, bananas, and a red t-shirt.

“Birthday girl, it's your turn,” I tell her.

“Can I not get a spanking as a birthday gift?” she asked trying to get out of her spanking.

“Nope,” I tell her with a smile and pull her down. “Let's all count the birthday girl spankings!” I cheered and had everyone counted her spanking until they reached 14.

“My what a nice wet pull-up,” I tell her as I slide it off and began to clean the girl. “Now since you wanted your present from me so much I'm going to give you one right now. An extra BANANA!” I happily tell Jean as I put in 3 bananas into the girl making her immediately have to go. But not just yet.

I gave Jean a white t-shirt and had her stan in the middle of the girls facing the wall with her legs spread and her hands on the wall while I picked up my camera.

“Ok girls, have fun,” I tell them as I start recording them. Alice and Bobbi were able to stay standing while messing their diapers. Felicia and Marylynn were crouching down as they filled theirs. Bree and Sara were on their knees hugging each other as their backsides expanded. And in the center of it all, with the fullest diaper was the birthday girl who just like the others was moaning in bliss from the release.

I am definitely saving this video.

After the girls had their fun I gave them their next surprise. I wasn't going to change them. Most of them then started to complain but with one look they were quiet again.

“Good, now go get the blankets in Alice’s room and make a pallet on the floor. We're going to watch a movie and then it's time for bed,” I tell them

Soon most of the girls were sprawled all on the floor while Jean and I were on the couch watching the movie. One by one the girls slowly nodded off until there was just me and Jane.

“So tell me, how was your birthday,” I ask her as I stroke her hair while she lays her head on my lap.

“It was fun.” she tells me before yawning.

“That's good. I also have something for you.” I tell her as I pick up my purse and Jean sits up.

Jean’s eyes light up as I pull out a Kindle Fire and give it to her.

“I know how much you love reading and listening to your music so I thought you might like this,” I tell her.

“I LOVE IT!” she said in a high whisper. She then turned it on and seen it was already set up.

“Felicia helped me with it and it already has 3 new books for you to read.

Jean then jumped on me giving me the biggest hug she could while I hugged her back.

And to think that jackass almost made me miss this moment.

### a few hours ago ###

I honestly can't believe she called me back! I was really looking forward to this date and knew our lives would never be the same.

Mis.mare had knocked on my door and was wearing a beautiful red dress that looked stunning on her. I was planning on picking her up but she insisted on driving over to my place to see me before the date.

The moment I saw her it was like the whole world changed.

We both got into my car and drove to the restaurant. I felt like such a short distance before we pulled into an empty parking lot. I got out of my car and helped the fine lady out before we walked into the restaurant with our arms locked together.

The place was packed but the faceless waiter told us there was one table left. We didn't bother looking at a menu as we both ordered a steak with potatoes, a salad, and red wine.

As we I ate I told her a lot about myself. Such as where I'm from, where I went to school, what's my life like. All the while she never lost that beautiful smile.

Once dinner was over we both sat back up and left the restaurant hand in hand. Leaving one empty plate and one that was never touched.

As soon as we left the restaurant we were already by the beach. The tide was out and I knew the perfect spot. I laded out a blanket I had with me and sat down with a small cooler. Here I took out 2 fancy cakes and another bottle of wine.

We sat there I don't know how long as I drank my wine and talked about nothing.

After we were done we both got up and we walked up the beach where my house was. Leaving behind my empty glass and hers never touched. Once there I suggested she come inside and had a cup of coffee before driving home after a couple glasses of wine.

She did and soon we were making out. I picked her up and we were trashing my place as we when to my room. Once there we both pulled off our clothes and she reaped her lips over my 12’ rod.

I was pounding her face when I finally came and threw her on the bed. I jumped on top of her and before she could say a word I placed duct tape over her mouth. I then proceeded to tape her hands together.

“I know your little secret,” I tell her as I pull her legs apart. “I have seen what you were doing with those students.”

I pulled out a set of pictures out of my coat pocket I was still wearing for some reason.

“I have proof of what you were doing. And I know you've been using some type of hypnosis on them.” I tell her as I shoved my fat member into her tiny pussy to hear her scream.

“Now that I know this I'm going to to make you my personal slave and have you bring me all types of women. Maybe even that cute sister of yours,” I tell her before I hear the sound of clapping in front of me.

I look up and see her standing right in front of me still wearing her dress.

“Careful now, she likes to bite,” Mare told me as I looked down at the faceless woman and suddenly feel great pain from my dick.

I jumped back as blood sprayed everywhere from the spot my member used to be.

“WHATS GOING ON!!!!” I yelled.

“Were just in your head, And stop screaming you're fine,” she tells me as I look down and see there wasn't any more blood but my manhood was gone. “And 12’ really? You must really be overcompensating.”

“This can't possibly be happening!” I say and she laughed.

“You want proof?” she asked as she walked over to the door and opened it to a large street with hundreds of people walking around. She then proceeded to rip off her dress and walk out into the middle of the crowd.

She then stopped two faceless people and had them help her. She had one of them hold his hands out as she placed one leg on the hand and used the other guy as support showing off her vagina before she started peeing.

“This is all in your head.” she tells me as I walk out close to her.

“How is this possible. You were supposed to repeat yourself over and over to make a trigger for people to do your bidding.” I tell her and she laughed.

“That's not how my powers work you fool. I can make anyone do anything I want just by talking to them. However, they turn into something like zombies if I just command them to do something. A school of behaving zombies isn't what I want.” she explained.

“But why….” I tried to ask but with a wave of her hand, my mouth was literally sewed shut.

“I learned that if I force something they would be like that until their task was done. However, if I slowly made someone want to be good then they would do it on their own. So I proposed to use pleaser and humiliation tactics to reinforce a trigger and at the same time enforce the want to be a good person into them.” she explained.

I tried to say something but couldn't.

“Let me guess you're wondering why we're here in your mind,” she said as she gestured to everything. “It's simple really I don't like surprises and I wanted to see what type of man you were before I did anything.”

She then walked over to me and looked me right in the eyes.

“And you fucked up. I really loved the date, dinner, the beach. So romantic. And personally I don't mind that you thought about sex, that's natural and while I wouldn't have slept with you on the first date I might have later. But then you had to show your hand.”

Suddenly she kneed my balls and I fell to the floor.

“You really thought you could make me into your toy? But that part I'm fine with. I could just erase your memory and pretend like it never happened.” she told me with a smile before the whole world went dark around us and that smile faded away. “But the moment you mentioned hurting one of my babies I won't let you off that easy.”

Suddenly for the first time in my life, I was so scared I started relieving myself as I tried to get up and run away.

I'm then thrown from the darkness and into multiple scenes of my life. All traumatic, all painful all the while I could hear her in my head.

“My babies mean more to me than anything. Any threat to them and mommy will make it go away.” She said.

“MOMMY!!!” my high pitch 4-year-old voice screamed in the dark. I was in my bed, my pull-up soaked as I look at the monster peeking out of the closet.

“Mommy’s not here.” a voice whispered and I Screamed.

“Give me your cote and drive.” I was told my mouth drooling as I took off my jacket and handed it to the women outside the car. Once she had it I slammed on the gas and drove 20 feet until I hit another car and my body began to seize.

The women screamed for help as my vision went dark.

Mis.mare spent 20 minutes dealing with the roommate, an ambulance and giving a statement on how she got out to grab something out of her car when Mr.Cunningham suddenly drove off and hit a car.

The roommate got in the ambulance with his friend and drove off to the hospital where they will tell him his friend had a seizure and became brain dead. While mis.mare goes inside their house grabs Mr.Cunningham’s laptop and proceed to login and delete everything on it.

She then got back into her car and went home. Hoping she hadn't missed anything.

###

“By the way. I Alice said you were all having a holding contest. Who one?” I asked Jean.

“Felicia.” she told me with a yawn before laying her head on my lap and immediately fell asleep.

“Good girl.” mommy said as she patted the girl's full diapered bottom and hoped that these days would last forever.

*049*2017-09-24 22:02

I realty wanted to explain Mis.mare's powers a bit more and thought this would be a great way to show them off.

