The bells test

Author: Anna May

*000*2014-07-26 19:22

~Pre-information~

The bell test is a form of examination that is given to the Konohagakure Academy Students who have managed to graduate from the Academy.The test is for the each student to take one of the two bells from their to-be teacher within a set time limit in order to pass. Since there are three students, it would seem that one of them will be sent back to the Academy no matter what. @wiki

~Story~

It was very early in the morning, Team Seven had to arrive early in the training field for a special training exercise with Kakashi-sensei. They had arrived nearly exactly on time, but Kakashi was nowhere to be seen. It wouldn't be until many hours later that Kakashi would arrive.

In there current states, they seemed fine. Naruto was trying to pass the time by sleeping. Sasuke seemed to be in some sort of meditation, either that or he was irritated being made to wait. Sakura, however, sat on her knees. She bent over her own hip. Why? She would not admit. She would answer that she was trying to sleep, or some other excuse to hide her true problems.

Kakashi, along with Naurto, Sakura, and Sasuke stood, in the training field. Sakura was shaking at the legs.

"Haha! Don't be scared Sakura!" shouted Naruto, assuming she was, infact, scared.

"Okay. The test begins..." Kakashi paused dramatically.

Naruto charged toward Kakashi holding a kunai in hand. "You idiot!" shouted Sakura "Now we have even less time to finish!" she argued. "We also have to start later..." she whimpered quietly.

Kakashi quickly countered Naruto. He held him in a position with the kunai facing the back of his neck.

"I didn't say start yet." he remarked, coldly. Kakashi let go of him, Naruto backed up and growled.

"Now!" he announced as he started the timer that would wait until dawn.

Within seconds, Sakura and Sasuke hid in separate locations of the forest that surrounded the field. However, Naruto stood in the field proudly.

"You and me, right now! Fair and square!" shouted Naruto.

Hidden within the bushes was Sakura. She found herself in a very unfortunate situation. Ever since she recently started a water-based diet, she found herself having to use the restroom much more often. Since Kakashi forced them to show up early to this practice, she figured that it wouldn't take more then a few hours. Unfortunately, before the lesson had began, it took more than four hours for Kakashi to arrive. This put a heavy load on her bladder.

Kakashi glanced over toward Naruto. He then reached into his pocket. "Is he going to pull out a weapon?" thought Naruto to himself. Kakashi pulled them mysterious object out, turning out to be a book. He began reading, obviously mocking Naruto's inability to take him on with his skills of ninjutsu.

Naruto growled. "Why are you reading that book?!"

"To find out what happens in the story, of course." he said, mocking his abilities. He was obviously reading the words in the book, his eyes scanning and occasionally flipping the pages.

Naruto growed and rushed at Kakashi. Once in range, Naruto swung a fist at him. Kakashi easily blocked with his hand, and Naruto tried to counter with another attack. Kakashi, again continued to mess around on the difficulty of his attacks. This went on for a few minutes.

"Why is he just messing around?" thought Sakura "Why aren't we done yet?!" she cried, out loud. She quickly covered her mouth when she made her mistake.

Kakashi soon managed to get behind Naruto after his futile attempts at attacking.

"You shouldn't let your enemies get behind you." commented Kakashi. Kakashi had his hands right behind Naruto's behind, in the Tiger hand seal.

"Got to act fast!" Naruto yelled. At the expense of his teammate, Naruto used a bunshin technique to switch out his body with Sakura, who was now visible in the bushes after that outburst.

"1000 years of death!" Kakashi shouted, thrusting his fingers into whom he thought was Naruto. A girlish scream could be heard, as Sakura took the blow,, flying to the air and rapidly let out the contents of her bladder.

Kakashi soon realized what he had done, and embarassingly laughed and said "Whoops. Looks like that was the wrong person" he said, his fingers covered in her urine.

Naruto and Sasuke realized what had happened as well, Sakura had left a puddle under her body as the blow knocked the wind out of her, making her temporarily unable to get up. Naruto found Sasuke. "Sasuke" said Naruto "Come on, we have to get Kakashi now!" he said with confidence, as if he had a plan. Naruto and Sasuke rushed out of the bushes to team on Kakashi. Naruto alone wasn't a problem, and Sasuke was managiable. But together, it was a slight challenge for Kakashi.

After a few minutes of fighting, Kakashi took out Naruto, and then within a matter of seconds, overpowered Sasuke.

The bell rang for noon, the test was over. The three grouped together.

"Well, it looks like we failed." said Naruto.

"Yeah, we couldn't get the bells. But the fact that they matched us against a Jonin made this test almost impossible." commented Sasuke.

Kakashi began to laugh. "You pass! This was not a test of strength or strategy, but rather a test to see if you could work together."

The two looked confused, and Sakura looked embarrassed, having to stand in her wet dress.

Naruto approached Sakura "Sorry about what happened out there. I didn't know!"

Sakura then slowly grew angry "Naruto! You idiot! You made me look like a fool!" she said as she began bashing him.

Fin.

This was requested by someone on this site.

Comments, concerns, questions, compliments, insults, criticisms and anything else are welcomed below.

