HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 11

Author: frostyjr2

*253*2015-08-09 17:49

Dear fans and friends, we owe you all an apology for leaving you with no news for so long, but have no fear, the story has not been abandoned. We thank you all for your patience and understanding!

Both orango and i had some family issues which prevented us from having the will, time, and energy to work on it, but now we're back and rest assured that we have every intention of bringing the tale to its close.

We hope that at least a few of you will stay with us until then.

For your perusal, here is the next installment:

CHAPTER 32:

'REVEALING' OUTFITS

Cervin and Renchin did the dirty job of removing Mao's lifeless body from the salon, and the remaining guests and staff had gone their separate ways during the rest of the day. Now they had all gathered in the salon once more, and were looking around at each other and wondering who might be the next to depart suddenly and finally from Dartmoor Manor.

Sarah was surreptitiously squirming now, the unfamiliar diaper beneath her vintage dress steadily moistening with warm pee which was now slowly seeping out of her despite her best efforts to keep it in. The fine hairs on her arms stood on end as a short sharp spurt squirted from her, followed by a series of dribbles and drips. For some strange reason, her prodigious holding ability seemed to have abandoned her, at least for the moment. She knew that it was only a matter of time before she would lose control completely and soak herself, and that time was running out.

Megan on the other hand seemed unusually composed, cool, calm and collected. A rather wan looking Firenda stood right next to the two of them with a drink in her unsteady hand, while Renchin, Cervin and little Erica were standing clustered in a group across the salon whispering somewhat furtively amongst themselves. Lady Daghly was in her usual spot, sitting in the throne-like overstuffed chintz armchair she favoured, flanked by the rather formidable pair of Wan Yu Gigg to her right and Selva Ware-Hudson to her left. Only the police contingent was missing at the moment.

Suddenly the salon doors opened, and Inspector Marlowe entered with Constable Dunstable and PCSO Grant in his wake. He strode imperiously to the center of the room while the two police officers remained at the doorway, effectively blocking any egress.

“Cervin, would you please be so kind as to lock the doors?” the inspector asked.

“Of course, sir. As you wish,” the tall thin butler replied. When he reached the doorway, the constables moved aside to allow him access and he removed an old fashioned brass key from his trouser pocket, inserted it in the lock, and turned it with a quiet click. As he went back to where he had been standing, Dunstable and Grant blocked the doorway once again, just in case anyone hadn't gotten the point.

“Now that we are all together, I think it is time to tell you the name of the killer, who is with us in this room even now,” Inspector Marlowe said, almost matter of factly.

A collective gasp of astonishment rose from the assembled guests and staff, as they glanced around at each other as if for the first time.

"Would you all be seated, please?" he requested.

"This is most improper," Lady Daghly said haughtily.

"I think I'll just remain standing, if it's all the same to you," Erica the little housemaid said softly. Her left hand instinctively moved towards her bottom as she quickly glanced over in the direction of Wan Yu Gigg before demurely turning her eyes down towards the floor. Megan couldn't help but give a little smile at that.

The other members of the household staff remained standing as well, the observation of proper decorum being sacrosanct at Dartmoor Manor.

"Very well. As you wish," Inspector Marlowe said. The inspector then spoke to Firenda.

"Ms. Hohl, would you do me the favour of taking notes of the proceedings? I believe you will find a pad and pen placed on the side table next to you."

"I'm... I'm afraid I can't," the lovely young woman stammered.

"Why not?" he asked dryly. "You are a competent secretary, aren't you? I can't believe that Lord Daghly hired you just for your good looks, even as exceptionally pretty as you are."

"I am quite good at my job," Firenda replied coldly, "although I prefer the term 'executive assistant'."

"Well, then, would you be so kind as to enlighten us as to why you are unable to do that job at the moment, my dear Ms. Hohl?"

"I sprained my wrist rather badly several days ago, unfortunately."

"And exactly how did that happen?" Marlowe asked.

"I'm... I'm not really sure,' the girl answered, looking down.

"Alright then, Megan, would you please take notes in her place?" Sarah interjected, looking over at her lover, who was beginning to show the first tell-tale signs of needing to pee yet again.

It had been awhile since Megan had been plucked from the steno pool to take over the company's international shipping department. Small as that department was, it had represented a major step up the corporate ladder for her, and had anyone else but her beloved Sarah requested that she take notes, she might have been quite miffed; but for Sarah, Megan would willingly do just about anything.

She calmly strode over to the side table, gave Firenda a warm smile, and deftly picked up the pad and pen before returning to her chair. She then sat down, crossed her long lovely legs, arranged her dress neatly around them and perched the pad on her lap, the thick black and gold Mont Blanc fountain pen in her slender hand hovering poised above it at the ready.

“You will recall that at first it was thought to be an accident when Lord Daghly turned up dead on Saturday morning. But then, the second death which was discovered later that day was clearly a case of murder,” Inspector Marlowe said. “This cast doubts as to the accidental nature of Lord Daghly's demise as well, doubts which I already had personally, for reasons I will not divulge for the moment.”

“I had already run background checks on the guests and staff from a list provided to me by the local constabulary before I left Scotland Yard, and I thank you, PCSO Grant, for rendering that service."

Katherine fairly beamed at such an honourable mention in the Inspector's exposition, and he favoured her with a smile as well before continuing on. "The results of these background checks already had aroused my suspicions with regards to certain individuals, but then when I began to interview all of you after that second death, one peculiar thing became clear in interview after interview: almost every single one of you had a motive to kill Lord Daghly.”

All of the remaining guests and staff started looking at each other nervously once again.

The Inspector paused dramatically here, as Megan looked on with conflicted emotions, afraid of where all of this was going to end up.

“The first person I interviewed was the man who found the body. That would be you, Cervin.”

“Quite correct, sir," he replied. "I did indeed find Lord Daghly lying here in the salon two days ago. I then promptly notified Lady Daghly, who asked me to remove His Lordship’s body to the upstairs bedroom.”

“Did you not find her request rather odd?”

“In the time I have been in service in this household, I have become accustomed to all sorts of odd and unusual requests, sir. In order to preserve his dignity in his ultimate repose, I did acquiesce, despite my personal doubts and reservations as to the appropriateness of this course of action.” The tall, thin butler smiled now.

“At the time, we were still labouring under the illusion that Lord Daghly’s demise was the result of an accident, although subsequent events were to quite certainly suggest at least the possibility that it might be otherwise.”

“After you had removed His Lordship's body, and the rest of the guests had come downstairs, did you change anything, move anything, alter or otherwise disturb the scene any further, Cervin?”

“I did not, sir.”

“So, apart from the body not being there, can we surmise that everything else was left exactly as you found it?”

“You have my word on it, Inspector.”

“Thank you, Cervin. That will do for now,“ Marlowe said.

He turned to face the assembled guests again.

“So, when Officers Dunstable and Grant first saw the spot where Lord Daghly’s body had fallen, we can be reasonably certain that what they saw was much the same at that moment as it had been when he died," Marlowe said. I will tell you now that there was something odd they noted about the scene, something very unusual, something that didn’t quite fit the context of everything else I knew or had heard about His Lordship. We shall return to that later, though.”

Marlowe smiled knowingly now, this time looking towards Megan, who blushed beet-red and quickly looked down at her pumps under the table, hoping no one had noticed, or that if they had, they would attribute it to her being desperate yet again, something they had seen quite a bit of over the course of the weekend.

“Lady Daghly,” he said, addressing the slender woman who sat across from Megan in her fashionable 1940’s Parisian couture silver silk evening gown, dripping diamonds. “You were the next one I spoke with that morning, is that correct?”

“Yes, Inspector, I believe I was,” the beautiful blonde replied icily. "Of course, you would know that better than I."

“When I asked why you had ordered the butler to remove the body, you became flustered, saying that you ‘just didn’t want poor Isham on display like that.’ Yet only hours before, you had apparently showed very little concern when he had totaled his car on the track behind the house; in fact, I was told that you even seemed somewhat disappointed that his injuries were so minor.”

Lady Daghly shot a quick glance over towards where Firenda sat with her eyes downcast, a glance dripping with vitriol.

If looks could kill, Megan thought to herself, Firenda would have been struck dead on the spot.

Seamlessly changing the subject, Marlowe continued. "You seem to have a dislike for Ms. Hohl, Your Ladyship. That may explain why at dinner, your seating plan had her as far away from Lord Daghly as possible. In fact, all of the females except yourself had been exiled to positions at the extreme opposite end of the table." Marlowe smiled again.

"Lord Daghly had a wandering eye, and hands to match," Lady Daghly replied. "He was often injudicious in their application, and it was usually best to remove temptation, rather than trust to his rather dubious ability to resist it."

"You have the final say in the hiring of the household staff, do you not?" the inspector enquired, apparently changing the subject abruptly yet again.

"As Lady of the Manor, that is my right, and I do choose to exercise my prerogative, yes."

"You say it was best to remove temptation from Lord Daghly's sight, and I can now understand the makeup of the household staff being comprised as it is of either men or older women. Yet I cannot help but notice that there is at least one glaring exception to this policy here at the Manor: young Erica there. She is quite an attractive girl, too, if I may be so bold."

The little maid standing near Renchin in her revealing uniform blushed red and looked down past her short skirt and flouncy petticoats at the pointy toes of her well polished black high heeled shoes.

"Please, sir, you're embarrassing me," she said softly. "I'm nothing special at all."

"You do yourself a disservice, Erica," Renchin spoke in an equally low voice. "I ver' much agree with the Inspector's estimation."

At these words, the small girl turned redder still, and looked as if she wished the floor might swallow her up whole.

"Come now, Erica, don't be so modest," Marlowe said, smiling yet again. "Oh, by the way, how long did you say that you've been working here again?"

"I've only recently been engaged here, sir. It will be just about three weeks today," Erica replied, still not meeting the inspector's piercing gaze.

"It seems your talents go far beyond the requirements of your position here at the Manor, too," he continued. "On more than one occasion, it has been noted that you have abnormally quick reflexes, and that you are quite strong for a girl of your small stature."

Erica said nothing in reply, so Marlowe forged on.

“Finally, a few evenings ago after bedtime, one of the guests happened to look out of their window and glimpsed someone doing the most amazing free running they ever had the pleasure to witness, and in the dead of night, no less. Although they couldn’t say for a certainty that that person was you owing to the fact that it was such a dark night and that the person doing it was wearing a pair of dark sweatpants and a hooded sweatshirt, I will venture to say that their small size really leaves you as the only possible one it could have been.”

“That might all be true, sir, although I’m not saying it is… but why would I 'ave killed His Lordship? You 'aven’t presented any motive for me doing so, 'ave you, sir?” Erica said saucily, a glint in her eyes now.

“We’ll come back to that later, if you don’t mind,” he replied.

<TO BE CONTINUED>​

*258*2015-08-17 01:53

The latest chapter!

CHAPTER 33:

THE UNUSUAL SUSPECTS

Turning to the housekeeper and cook, Mrs. Hudson, the inspector said, "I must say, His Lordship seemed somewhat less than appreciative of your talents. At least one of the guests noticed his rather liberal application of ketchup and hot sauce to the meal you had prepared on Friday night."

The cook's face darkened suddenly as Marlowe said this.

"His Lordship was a bit of a philistine when it came to fine dining, sir. I never served a meal where his plate didn't return to the kitchen having been slathered with all manner of extra sauces and spices."

"I must assume that you took that as a slight, no?"

"The man put hot sauce and ketchup on everything! After all my efforts to combine and balance the flavours in his food … how could I not take it as an insult?"

Selva was getting a bit peevish now.

"You hated him for that, didn't you? In fact, you were distinctly overheard threatening to kill someone just before you flung that plate at the door the other night, the one which so narrowly missed hitting one of the guests."

Sarah laughed at the memory of it as Marlowe continued his exposition. "At least, I must assume it was you, since no one else was there besides you when they entered."

"Like many in my profession, sir, I will confess to being a bit hot-headed. I don't know but that it comes with the territory, and is even a bit of a cliché." The cook laughed now also. "But from there to accusing me of murder, it's a bit of a stretch, wouldn't you say?"

"I haven't accused you of anything at this point now, have I? I'm merely stating a few simple facts: you take the culinary arts quite seriously, you have a wicked temper, and you were heard threatening to kill somebody, quite possibly His Lordship."

"Although this is all hearsay and circumstantial evidence at best," Sarah muttered to herself. "You'd not get a conviction on the basis of such a lot of assumptions and theories, my dear Inspector Marvin."

"I'm sure you're quite right about that,Ms. Morgan," Marlowe said, his keen hearing having picked up Sarah's comment. “In fact, as long as we're only speaking of theories, I think we could almost eliminate Cervin as a prime suspect immediately just on general principle… It would be FAR too obvious to say that the butler did it, wouldn’t you think?”

Inspector Marlowe smiled at the old cliché even as he corrected Sarah. "By the way, it's MARLOWE, Marlowe..." he said, lowering his voice as he repeated it a second time now. But then he continued, saying, “Still, there was one little detail that made me a bit suspicious of him right from the start. Would you please remove your gloves, Cervin?”

“Of course, sir,” the tall butler replied.

As he pulled the gloves off, Marlowe suddenly took his right hand in his own, and held it up so that everyone could see it clearly.

“It seems your right middle finger is missing, Cervin.”

“An unfortunate accident in my younger years involving alcohol, a motorcycle and some rather reckless behaviour on my part, I’m sorry to say,” Cervin said in a low voice.

“Really? Perhaps it’s time for a bit of a history lesson," Marlowe said now.

“During the battle of Hastings, the English forces threatened to cut off the middle fingers of any French archers who were captured, so that they would be unable to ever pull a bow string again.”

The inspector turned to Lady Daghly now. “I believe Lord Daghly’s line goes back at least that far, does it not?”

“Even farther back than that, actually,” the grand dame replied haughtily.

“But then, your line goes back just as far, doesn’t it?" Marlowe said, looking at Cervin once more. "I believe your surname Drinx to be a corruption of the name Drax, which was unknown in England until after the Norman conquest. There are many different spellings for Norman surnames, since Old and Middle English had no definite rules for spelling, and in fact a single name might have been spelled in several different ways even when referring to the same person back then.”

“This bit of history is fascinating,” Wan Yu interjected in a slightly sarcastic tone, “but where is all this leading, I wonder?”

"Well, it is quite possible that Daghly and Drinx both had ancestors who met on the field of battle, and that somehow Daghly’s ancestor was the cause of a lost finger to that other man. Cervin, while in the guise of a devoted butler, might just actually be sworn to vengeance, and that missing finger not taken in an accident, but cut off deliberately.” Marlowe looked directly towards Cervin now, but the butler bowed his head, not meeting the inspector's eyes. “As a sign that vengeance has not yet been exacted.”

The Inspector trained his piercing gaze on Cervin even more intently.

"Or, as strange as it might sound, could you possibly even be the same person whose finger was taken at the Battle of Hastings in 1066?" he mused.

“This is all supposition, hearsay, and theorizing!” Wan Yu Gigg fairly shouted as she jumped up agitatedly from her armchair across the room. "It's all a load of preposterous nonsense!"

“Not nonsense, Ms. Gigg, but deductive reasoning. Unfortunately, you’ll just have to take my word for that at the moment.” Marlowe smiled almost smugly, leaning against the large stone fireplace. He was clearly loving every single minute of this.

Megan, on the other hand, was feeling quite agitated herself, and not just because she needed to pee again. She had no idea how things would go from here, and she began to perspire ever so slightly. Her 1940's navy blue liberty print dress fit her as if it had been tailored to her exact dimensions, and even though the fabric of the satin and lace slip she wore underneath it felt cool on her soft skin, as she pressed her knees together under the table, the dampness of her sheer lacy peach silk knickers echoed that of her lovely frame.

Sarah glanced over at Megan quickly to see how she was holding up.

It didn’t look good at the moment; her lover was looking flustered, nervous and suddenly quite desperate all at once.

"And in fact, Ms. Gigg, that brings us to you. Yes, your motive was the simplest of all to fathom. The simple principle of 'qui prodest' can apply quite nicely here."

Marlowe's eyes now locked with Wan Yu's steel grey ones.

"Who profits from the crime? With Lord Daghly out of the way, you are next in line to take the reins of the company, aren't you?"

“Yes, in the normal course of events, I would be in charge if for any reason the CEO could not discharge his duties. At least, temporarily, until either he was able to resume them, or a new CEO was appointed by the Board of Directors.” The tall, slender dark-haired woman spoke almost expressionlessly now, her temper once again under control.

“Ms. Gigg, you rarely display any emotion,” the inspector remarked, almost as an aside. Meanwhile, Megan and Erica both exchanged a quick look and smiled slightly at the comment.

“Is there a question in there somewhere? Or perhaps a rebuke?” Wan Yu asked dryly as she sat back down and crossed her slim and shapely legs. “In business, showing emotion is a handicap, especially if one happens to be female. While a man can get away with an occasional show of temper or what have you, if you are a woman it either makes you seem weak and vulnerable, or gets you tagged as a testicle-crushing bitch.”

The beautiful woman smiled sardonically, brushing her long, shiny, straight hair back from her face.

"Of course, I actually am a testicle-crushing bitch... but I like that to come as more of a surprise," she said, laughing. "This way, I'm not seen as much of a threat, until I get the job promotion someone else was expecting to be handed to them. I didn't get to where I am today by being nice to people, frankly... and I intend to go even farther before I'm done."

"And wasn't there some point of business that you disagreed with Lord Daghly on?" the inspector enquired. "So, when you and Lord Daghly were arguing on the night before he died, were you actually serious when you said he got you so mad you could kill him?"

"Oh, someone overheard that, did they? I could deny it, but come now, I'm sure that you realize it was just an expression..."

"An 'expression' from the mouth of a self-described 'testicle-crushing bitch' who would stop at nothing to get ahead in her career, apparently," Firenda muttered to herself, but just loud enough for everyone to hear her.

Wan Yu shot a withering glance at her.

If looks could kill, Megan thought again... that was a double tap right there!

"Not every girl is cut out for life as an executive's piece of ass... oh, I'm sorry... 'executive assistant', was it?" Wan Yu said with a caustic sneer. "Some of us need a little more than that to keep us satisfied."

As Wan Yu said this, Firenda's face reddened and she shot daggers from her eyes towards the tall Eurasian woman. "Dragon Lady bitch..." she muttered, although once again only just barely loudly enough to be heard.

"Now, now, girls... let's sheathe the claws for a moment, shall we?" Marlowe said.

He turned towards Renchin now.

"Monsieur Neverdon, when the first guests arrived here at the manor, you were loading a car onto a trailer, weren't you?"

"Oui, inspecteur, zis ees true... On Friday afternoon, Ees Lordship 'ad crashed ze Coachcraft Roadster." There was a note of sadness in his voice as he said this, and he shook his head.

"A beautiful car, and quite rare as well, I believe, yes?"

"Ah oui, monsieur. I spent three years restoring 'er, in 'opes of entering 'er in ze St. James Concours D'Elegance in London next month and I sink she would 'ave done quite well, too; possibly even Best of Show..."

"This would have been the first time one of His Lordship's cars had taken top honours, wouldn't it?"

"She may 'ave been owned by Lord Daghly, but she was MY car," Renchin said with a flash of anger and Gallic pride. "I built 'er, I restored 'er, I cared for 'er... all 'e ever did was pay for 'er, and wreck 'er. And zen eet was I who could not put 'er back togezer again." He shook his head sadly. "When I knew zis, I was sad... and angry."

"Angry enough that you wished to kill him?"

"Yes, I freely admit zat I was...and yet I did not. And eef I did not strike him dead in my moment of anger at seeing all my 'ard work destroyed in an instant, not in zis moment of rage, I certainly would not 'ave done so later." Renchin smiled wanly.

"Eet was not ze first time zees 'ad 'appened... Madame Daghly, ees zis not so?"

"The man did seem to have a talent for that, I'm afraid," Lady Daghly said in reply, "Although I have a suspicion that this time at least, it was not entirely his own fault."

She shot another evil glance towards Firenda, but the pretty brunette was looking down at the floor and blushing yet again.

"Why would you say that, Lady Daghly?" Marlowe enquired.

"I have reason to believe that a certain someone was in the car with His Lordship at the time of the crash, someone whose actions may even have led to the accident."

Now Lady Daghly was not content to merely glance in Firenda's direction, but fixed her eyes on the younger woman intently, so that there was now no doubt in anyone's mind which particular 'someone' she had in mind.

"Alright, I'll admit it, I was in the car with Lord Daghly."

Firenda looked up, her eyes flashing angrily now.

"We were having a discussion about some details of a business deal. It wasn't the first time he had asked me to ride along with him so that we could work while he drove," the pretty brunette said.

"That's how I sprained my wrist... I was holding the knob when he lost control... he wanted me to handle it for him."

Firenda suddenly blushed again, realizing that everyone was staring at her after what she had just said. She looked around the room, and continued, stammering.

"Wait, I know what you're all thinking...the SHIFTER knob, because the car was left hand drive, and he wasn't used to it yet... ... so, em, well... Anyway, I hurt it in the crash, NOT doing anything else beforehand..."

Realizing that she had only managed to make matters worse, she trailed off, her cheeks reddening further to an almost crimson hue.

At this, Erica snickered quietly. "Handling 'is knob for 'im, were you then, eh? I'll bet..." she said, under her breath.

Firenda shot the maid a dirty look and said, "I'd hold my tongue if I were you, you little tartelette. I'm not the one standing here dressed like some schoolboy's wet dream fantasy!"

"If you were me, you'd be standing 'ere holding a feather duster and about to cram it up some stuck-up posh girl's arse, quite frankly," Erica muttered. "Except she'd probably enjoy it far too much..."

“Was the car crash an attempt at murder and suicide then, perhaps, due to unrequited love? You certainly were very devoted to and protective of your boss, much more so than a mere professional relationship would seem to warrant,” Marlowe said to Firenda before turning back towards the housemaid with a grin.

“Oh, yes; dear, sweet, innocent little Erica. I promised I’d get back to you, didn’t I?”

Looking at Erica quite intently now, the inspector spoke softly, forcing everyone in the room to listen more closely to what he had to say.

“At first, I couldn’t figure it out; you were the only one here besides Ms. Morgan and Ms. Parker without any personal motive for killing His Lordship. There was absolutely nothing at all to connect you to anything in his past or present life whatsoever, apart from being employed at the manor.”

He shook his head now as if recalling his puzzlement.

“It was actually Lady Daghly herself who gave me the answer to that riddle, however.”

With a fleeting expression of panic, Erica looked over quickly at Lady Daghly, who discreetly shrugged her shoulders.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” the icy blonde said in a tone that would have frozen a raging furnace.

“Of course you don’t. Please allow me to explain,” Marlowe said.

“I wish you would… all this goin’ ‘round in circles has just about got me near dizzy,” Constable Dunstable muttered.

PCSO Grant shushed him by elbowing him hard in the ribs; she could not possibly have been any more in awe of the masterful detective work on display here and wasn't about to let her partner spoil the Inspector's big moment.

"Lady Daghly told me that she is in charge of hiring the household staff, and it is apparent that she usually takes on only men or older women... and yet recently she hired a very attractive young girl as a housemaid, one whose duties would often bring her into close proximity with His Lordship... why, I wonder?" The inspector said this with a little smile.

“Could it possibly be that this seemingly innocent girl was actually serving as bait, and that she would be able to lure Lord Daghly into a compromising position, or worse? The reason you have no apparent motive is actually quite simple…” he paused for dramatic effect. “You are actually a contract assassin, and you were hired by Lady Daghly to kill her unfaithful husband."

“Well, I never… what nerve!” Lady Daghly huffed.

"As I've already said, as a matter of routine I requested that a background check be made on all of the guests and staff back at the Yard, and one of the things it turned up was that our little housemaid is actually the notorious Erica deFries, a reputed killer for hire." Marlowe then added, "Not that she has ever actually been linked to any crimes; no, she's far too clever and good at what she does for that to ever happen."

“I didn’t kill anybody 'ere, I swear,” the petite maid said, adamantly.

Megan noticed that she hadn’t denied the rest of it, however.

“Oh, I'm quite sure you didn't," the inspector replied. "But only because you never got the chance; someone else beat you to it. Let's go back now to the night of the murder, shall we?"

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*263*2015-08-17 21:31

Thanks to all who have commented so far!

@wettingman, if you reread Chapter 10, you'll see that Mrs. Hudson did throw the plate, although not at His Lordship.

%https://omorashi.org/story/150/entry-315-if-you-cant-stand-the-heat-chapter-10/

As for your other comment, it remains to be seen whether you've gone off the rails or are actually on the right track.

Shade-Hikari, by now i'm sure you realize that in this universe, nothing is ever precisely as it appears to be at first glance...

Including little erica.

*265*2015-08-23 18:43

OK, folks... here's the latest installment of our tale. We hope you'll enjoy it!

CHAPTER 34

WHODUNIT

The group assembled in the dining room were all looking at the inspector now as he continued. "Most of you had motive, but in order to be considered as a suspect in a murder investigation, there is a second condition that must be met as well..."

"Opportunity!" Sarah interjected with a grin.

PCSO Grant gave her a brief glare for daring to interrupt Inspector Marlowe during his exposition, but the man himself merely pointed at Sarah and said, "Correct, Ms. Morgan. The suspect must have not only had some reason to want the victim dead, but a chance to do the deed."

Marlowe smiled and went on, saying, "Normally this is where I should have been able to eliminate at least one or two of you as suspects. The problem was, the only alibis any of you suspects had were provided by other suspects: Erica the would-be assassin was apparently too busy having fun with Wan Yu Gigg. According to Ms. Morgan, she was fast asleep, and Ms. Parker corroborated that. Mr. Neverdon and Mrs. Ware-Hudson were playing cards in the kitchen, according to them, at least. Mr. Drinx was summoned by Lady D to fetch her a midnight snack which he brought to her, and then waited outside her room until she finished it before taking the tray back to the kitchen, where he says he saw Neverdon and Ware-Hudson still at the card game which had been briefly interrupted when the cook stopped to prepare the snack for Lady Daghly. Then we have Mr. Swain-"

"He was with me that night," Firenda said hurriedly, before the inspector had a chance to continue.

"My, she does get around, doesn't she?" Erica said softly, though once again everyone heard.

"I was about to say, but he doesn't really need an alibi at this point, since he was the next victim. That left Mao Tse as the only one unaccounted for and without even a flimsy alibi."

Marlowe glanced over at Wan Yu Gigg before continuing. "As for motive there, it's quite possible that you and Mao Tse Undalingg were plotting some sort of corporate coup d'etat, and that the whole thing would be much easier to accomplish with Lord Daghly out of the way. In fact, you would have been handed complete control of the company for a while, certainly long enough to accomplish whatever you wanted."

Wan Yu only smiled smugly in reply as Marlowe went on.

"In fact," he said once again with more emphasis this time, "Mr. Undalingg was my prime suspect... right up until the moment he was killed too. But even though so many of you had both motive and opportunity to kill his Lordship, it wasn't one of the logical suspects who was responsible for his death."

The Inspector paused briefly now.

"Shall I tell you who it actually was then?" he then asked rhetorically.

"The name of the person responsible for Lord Daghly's demise is..."

The Inspector had finally arrived at his big moment and he paused theatrically once again, wanting to draw it out for as long as possible.

"...Megan Parker!"

A collective gasp of astonishment went up in the room, and everyone looked over at Megan, who had put down the pad and pen and was now looking down at the floor demurely.

"Yes, I suppose I was the cause of his death, at least indirectly," Megan murmured without looking up.

"That first night, I couldn't sleep and needed the loo so very badly, so I slipped out of bed and went searching for it. Eventually I came upon Lord Daghly. He was in the salon, quite tipsy, and I was quite desperate."

"This desperation seems to be a rather commonplace occurrence for you, Ms. Parker," the Inspector interjected. "You have often been seen in that state since I've been here, and when I interviewed little Erica she also mentioned several instances where you lost control and actually wet your knickers in public."

At this last remark, not only Megan blushed a deep red. Erica, Firenda and Sarah all joined in, and Sarah felt another little warm spurt leave her to dampen the diaper she was wearing.

"I don't deny it," Megan said with a shy smile beginning to show on her pretty lips now. "But please allow me to explain about Lord Daghly."

"Pray tell," the inspector replied.

"We were alone there in the salon, His Lordship and I, and although I tried to be discreet, I suppose it was fairly obvious that I needed a wee rather badly at that point."

Megan gave a girlish little giggle and then went on.

"As I was squirming and clutching at myself, I finally broke down and begged him to tell me where the loo was, but he merely smiled and said, 'Sorry, but you'll have to find it for yourself. House rules, you see... no one can tell.' Then he shook his head sadly before saying, 'It's yet another curse of Dartmoor Manor; once you tell someone where to find the loo, you'll never again make it there in time yourself.'"

Megan sighed deeply at the recollection before continuing. "Well, that was the last straw. I told him, 'If you don't tell me where it is, I'm going to wet myself right here.' I pleaded with him, almost crying from embarrassment and the desperate ache in my poor bladder."

Megan ran a hand over her softly swelling stomach, as if to emphasize the point.

"He smiled at me once again and said softly, 'Nothing would make me happier,' and with those words, I did indeed lose control and began to wet my knickers."

The room had fallen silent as Megan continued her strange tale in the growing gloom.

"At first it was just a trickle, but try as I might I simply couldn't keep holding it inside me any longer. It had to come out, and it had to come out right then or I might literally have burst! That was the beginning of the end. I could feel his eyes on me, looking me up and down, but I couldn't help it, I started to wet myself uncontrollably." Megan blushed now as she went on. "My urine gushed out of me, straight through my panties. It flowed down my legs and began to pool on the floor between my bare feet.

"Once that happened, His Lordship was like a man transformed into some wild ravening beast. His hair grew longer, covering most of his face and the backs of his hands and his eyes turned a strange glowing yellow. I was frozen with fear as the change came over him, unable to move from the spot upon which I stood as I continued to release, adding to the growing puddle there. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, my flow began to ebb and slowed to a trickle.

"The patter of wee splashing onto the ground had scarcely stopped when he emitted a low growling sound and moved menacingly towards me. I ran towards the door, warm wetness still dripping from my knickers underneath my nightie, but despite my frantic efforts to open it, it wouldn't budge."

At this, Katherine Grant now trembled and released a small bit of urine into her own knickers, the effect of her terror at the tale being so palpably described.

"I ran again as he now pursued me, and jumped over the puddle I'd left on the floor as I passed it, but the beast (I must call him so, for he was no longer Lord Daghly in appearance but now some great shaggy wolf-like creature with long sharp fangs and claws) slipped on the rather large wet spot I'd left behind and went crashing down, hitting its head first on a large porcelain vase and then the edge of the table upon which it sat.

"Once the beast was unconscious, I could see it begin to transform back into Lord Daghly. I burst into tears, I couldn't believe what had just happened! I started to panic; I had to find a way out of there.

"He was now quite still on the floor, and I moved quickly to the door, which strangely opened rather easily with only a gentle pull this time."

Megan now finally looked up, and tears were streaming down her pretty face.

"I left him there and closed the door behind me, and ran back to my room. Exhausted, I fell asleep, and when I woke up, I was unsure whether it had all really happened or if it was merely some bizarre nightmare.

"When we went down to breakfast, we were told that Lord Daghly was dead. But I didn't reveal my part in it, first to protect the man's reputation, and secondly because... well, I didn't think anyone would believe me."

"After the past few days here, I'll believe almost anything," Sarah said softly. "You could have told me..."

<TO BE CONTINUED​>

*270*2015-08-27 13:52

{{:

So true he should have told her where the bathroom was then he would never have slipped on her puddle of pee.

}}

He couldn't tell her, or he'd have become a wetter himself! Dartmoor Manor has more than one curse, you see.

Thanks for taking the time to comment, my friends. Next installment should be posted by Sunday... stay tuned!

*273*2015-08-30 20:51

Here we go again... and we hope you'll enjoy this next bit!

CHAPTER 35

THE UNWOVEN WEB

"That's quite the tale, Ms. Parker, but as you yourself remarked, also quite unbelievable," Wan Yu said sneeringly.

“Not at all,” Sarah replied firmly. "Megan has never lied about anything. It's simply not in her nature," she said with a smile. "If she says this all happened, you can be sure that that's what occurred."

"Well then, that's still quite a lovely house of cards you've built us there, Inspector. The question is, can you prove any of it?" Wan Yu Gigg said, her sarcastic grin now exposing a pair of extraordinarily long and sharply pointed incisors. "And what about the other victims, then? With all of this idle chitchat about who might or might not have killed Lord Daghly, you’ve gone and forgotten all about the second and third man, haven’t you?”

"No, I can't prove any of it," the Inspector said somewhat sadly. "Even if I could, I doubt I'd get the chance. In fact, I'll be quite surprised if Dunstable, Grant and I make it out of here alive, knowing what we do now about this place and its inhabitants."

"But then again, he doesn't actually need to prove anything, or worry about whether or not he and the other two officers will see tomorrow morning, does he?" Sarah interjected now. "Because, despite all appearances to the contrary, I don't think anyone is dead at all. A few of you might actually be undead, but that's a different matter entirely."

All eyes were now trained upon the small pixie-like blonde girl.

"What are you saying?" the Inspector demanded.

"No one ever actually saw Lord Daghly's body, except for Cervin and Lady Daghly. We just had their word for it that they found him dead that morning before the rest of us were up and about."

“There was no second victim; the corpse found in the pool house was just that… a corpse, a random cadaver placed there as a sort of ‘red herring’ to try to divert attention from what was really going on here. As for Mao Tse, his Tibetan ancestry and training may have allowed him to apparently cease breathing and slow his heartbeat down to an almost imperceptible level, or he and some of you others might just be something else; I'm thinking most likely 'vampire' at the moment... but in any case he wasn't dead either.

"In fact, this whole business has been a complete and utter sham, hasn't it... Your Ladyship?"

Sarah turned now to look directly at Lady Daghly, who smiled broadly, and began to clap her hands.

"Brilliant, simply brilliant, Sarah," the blonde woman said. "I knew my feeling about you was correct. Not only did you manage to follow and unravel every single red herring clue you were given, but you have also seen through all of the confusion and artifice to find the truth hidden behind the veil of deceit, as it were."

“That being the case, perhaps you would be so kind as to tell us what this has all really been about, then?” Sarah inquired with a smile on her face as the now thoroughly confused and dismayed Inspector Marlowe nodded to second that.

“Yes, what the devil is going on here?” he blustered.

"Well, Inspector, you, as well as Officers Dunstable and Grant, have just been involved, albeit peripherally, in an MI6 operation. Periodically we hold a sort of ‘audition’ to determine the suitability of a candidate we are considering for one of our teams,” Lady Daghly said quietly.

“That is all you need to know, and the rest of the details of the operation need not concern you. In fact, this ‘case’ will never have existed in any official police records, and we thank you all for your time and your unwitting co-operation, as well as your complete silence with regards to everything you might have seen, heard, or surmised about this operation and the individuals involved therein going forward.”

She pursed her lips rather primly before continuing on.

"You, Dunstable and Grant are free to go."

Before the Inspector had quite digested what Lady Daghly had said, Cervin was already at his side with his coat, his hat and his umbrella. The tall butler politely but firmly ushered the three police officers towards the door.

Constable Dunstable was in a hurry to leave in any case, but Katherine Grant looked back once towards Lady Daghly with a shy smile of thanks before taking the Inspector's arm.

“But… but…” Marlowe sputtered, but no one paid him any mind now.

Katherine simply tugged a bit more firmly on his arm and said, "Come along now, Inspector. I think we're done here."

The butler then escorted the three of them out of Dartmoor Manor and down the stairs to their waiting vehicles.

Inspector Marlowe, having recovered just a bit of his customary poise, crossed around and opened the passenger door of the Panda for PCSO Grant. There was a hint of longing in his downward glance as she gracefully seated herself.

Katherine simply smiled up at him as he closed the car door. She knew somehow she'd be seeing him again soon, and not in any official capacity either. There might even be a little pleated schoolgirl skirt and a pair of wet white cotton panties in his near future, she thought.

Meanwhile, Dunstable stuffed himself into the driver's seat of the Panda. He turned the key in the ignition, put the car in gear, and then pushed the accelerator pedal to the floor and roared off as if he couldn't put distance between himself and Dartmoor Manor fast enough.

The Astra's tyres could be heard squealing in protest as the police car disappeared rapidly into the damp fog of the moor.

The Inspector got into his own car and sat there for a moment, pondering the events that had transpired before he too drove off into the gathering gloom.

Shortly thereafter, Cervin returned with a broad grin on his usually somber face.

“Well, that there’s one confused and hacked off copper,“ he said with a hearty laugh.

“He’ll get over it,” Lady D. said with an answering laugh. “I’ve arranged for them all to not only be paid time and a half for the whole weekend, but have also booked Marlowe and PCSO Grant a stay at a nice tropical resort, and Dunstable, his wife and children for a lovely week’s holiday at Disney World, with all expenses paid courtesy of Universal Exports, of course.”

Mao Tse had now reappeared, as well as Lord Daghly himself, looking a bit haggard but none the worse for wear.

His Lordship smiled at Megan and said, "Sorry I gave you such a fright, my dear girl. It's just that under the circumstances, I couldn't control myself."

"Me either," Megan said with another little giggle.

As he took his place next to Lady Daghly, she grasped his hand and patted it affectionately.

"Dearest omo-wolfie, there was no harm done," his wife said with a warm smile. "You do so love the chase, and I wouldn't dream of depriving you of the pleasure. Somehow, you never do manage to catch them, do you?" The two of them exchanged a laugh at that.

Cervin went over to the side table and pulled a bottle of Dom Perignon ’59 out of the ice bucket.

With a deft flourish, he popped the cork and started pouring the icy cold champagne into glasses.

Hansom Swain had suddenly appeared at his side, seemingly out of thin air. With his usual charming white smile he began handing out the glasses to everyone in the salon, starting with his beloved Firenda, of course.

<TO BE CONTINUED>​

