Hermoine Experiments - Follows on From Flying at P level

Author: sobbi5

*000*2014-07-23 10:13

Thanks for the feedback on my first attempt at a full story - Hermione learns about flying at P level.

The following is "What Hermione did next"

Ever since the flying lesson that had revealed the meaning of "Flying at P level" to Hermione she had been in a bit of a daze. When in class she had to concentrate to keep fully focussed and to ensure she kept up with what was being taught, but outside of class she would take every opportunity to quietly slide away from everyone and find a spot where she was on her own. Fortunately all her class were very busy with extra studies, reports, and tests preparing them for the end of year exams so even her close friends Harry and Ron did not notice her pre-occupation.

What was it that kept occupying her thoughts? - well actually not just her thoughts but her whole body! - that wonderful feeling that started as a tingling in her pussy but spread throughout her whole being during the flying lesson. It climaxed (as did she) when she looped the loop and reached her "P" level wetting her knickers completely.

When Miss McGonagall talked to them after the flight and Hermione saw everyone else's wet knickers her pussy was still tingling. She had deliberately this time let the contents of a bladder again flow into her knickers re-wetting them, which increased the pleasure waves in her lower body.

It was the first time in her life that she had felt such pleasure - the first time she even knew such levels of good feelings was possible! - and she wanted it to continue. In her usual ordered way Hermione started a series of "experiments" to see how she could trigger the feelings of pleasure. It was clearly at least partially tied up with flying and the special spell "binding" the broom to her pleasure spot, but flying was limited to weekly practices and she could not wait a whole week for that.

So , she reasoned, when I wee do I get any tingling "down there"? - Simple test - concentrate the next time I sit on the toilet and see what I feel like. This she did the night of the flying lesson, before going to bed and she realised that there was a small amount of pleasure in just weeing - in fact thinking back she realised she had always quite enjoyed sitting there and letting go. But the pleasure level was very low and she was sure there was something better she could do.

The next morning, when Hermione first awoke, she put on her navy blue knickers she had worn the day before, they had dried overnight but were due for the wash bin anyway, but she wanted to try something first. She went along to the toilet and shut the door - she was near bursting after a sound sleep all night - but held on tightly until she was ready. Having shut and locked the door she tried experiment 2 - she sat on the toilet but without pulling her knickers down and let go in them. Her pent up wee rushed out flooding into the gusset, creating a small pool before starting to leak out down into the toilet. But she was weeing with such force that it ran under her bum and up her rear at the same time as it flooded up the front of her knickers bathing her pussy totally in hot wet wee.

The feelings of pleasure were much stronger than when just weeing - not flying level, but certainly very enjoyable and definitely closer to what she was seeking for herself. With her pussy still feeling great she showered carefully and very pleasurably soaped the recently wee soaked parts of her body. As she dried herself she mentally ticked off the conclusion that weeing was certainly a source of pleasure but wetting her knickers was much better. But!- was it actually wetting her knickers that heightened the pleasure or was it deliberately doing something she had been brought up not to do - something that was wrong! - bad! - lazy! - naughty!. Her mother would be horrified to think her teenage daughter was deliberately exploring such things - but the pleasure she was getting quickly overruled any qualms she had about her experiments.

The next question was therefore about doing "naughty" things associated with her wee. During the week that led to her trying different things out whenever she got a chance. Hermione managed to get a bath one evening when no one else was around - she always enjoyed a soak, but the other girls usually teased her (or indeed anyone unfortunate to be caught in a bath) - or threw cups of cold water over the warm body.

But that night, before running the water, Hermione lay down in the bath still wearing her blue regulation knickers and put her legs up against the wall. She had been holding on to her wee for several hours hoping she would be able to carry out this next test, so when she let go there was lots of it to flood everywhere - the first squirt she felt soak the thick cotton double gusset of her knickers and then as she lost control she felt the wee flow both backwards and soak all her bum and the seat of her knickers and at the same time flow forwards, firstly flooding over her pussy and then over her tum. She really enjoyed the pleasure that gave her, but this increased when at the same time the flow back and front reached the elastic around her waist and it ran around wetting her knickers and body so she was wet from front to back - all around her waist.

So wetting her knickers gave Hermione lots of pleasure and the wetter she got them the better - but that was not the end of the "testing". If I get this pleasure from doing naughty things with my wee does the risk of being caught make it better? - she thought. For the next few days she tried doing just a little wee to wet her knickers gusset (and wet her pussy) at different times and situations. The long skirts kept everything well hidden and as long as she was careful not to do too much in her pants, when she sat down the dark material did not show any dampness. She really enjoyed the practical herbology class with Pomona Sprout as that gave her the opportunity to slowly but carefully empty over half of her bladder into her knickers and onto the damp ground of the plant hot house without anyone knowing. That helped with the understanding that her personal pleasure levels from the tingling in her pussy definitely increased with the chance of getting caught.

Finally the end of the week was almost reached - Hermione opened the draw where she stored her knickers only to find her "experimentation" had resulted in her having used up all of her normal navy blue knickers - the only ones left were her "Sunday Best" ones - same regulation style but bright pink. She knew her washing would be back tonight so that was not a problem - but she realised that whilst a glimpse of her navy blue knickers would not let anyone know whether they were wet or not - as they simply went a bit darker - bright pink would show every damp patch! She would have to not wet them, or be extra careful no one saw if she did.

In the end she was very good and got right through to the last class of the day. The last class on Friday afternoon was with Miss McGonagall and as the weather was really warm she had taken them out onto the grass, separated them well apart so they could not talk and then set them a reading assignment to memorise passages of a book of spells. For Hermione that was easy - she had read the book several times weeks ago so all she needed was a quick run through to refresh her mind and she was done.

As a "good" girl she had been place at the back of the group and was able to lean back on the wall of the building so she sat with her book on her knees pretending to concentrate on it while her mind went back to exploring the ways of self pleasure she had learnt in the last few days. Past of her mind was looking forward to the next day's special flying class when McGonagall had promised to let them individually test out their personal trigger levels more accurately and the thought of how much pleasure she had felt last week triggered her desire for some "pleasant tingles" as soon as possible.

Then Hermione realised that she had the perfect opportunity to go one step further than during the herbiology class and to completely empty her bladder into her knickers during the class! She was sitting on the grass at the back of the class with her back against the building wall – all she needed to do was get her skirt out from under her bum so it would not get wet when she released her wee which would soak down into the ground – there was still at least an hour of class so any puddle she made on the ground would have plenty of time to soak away and then there would be no visible traces of what she had done – as long as she was careful no one saw her knickers as a wet patch was very obvious on pink knickers.

She spent the next several minutes putting her plan into action – making sure no one was looking she gradually spread out her skirt around her at the same time as lifting herself up a little to pull her skirt out from under her. Soon she was happy with her moves, she could feel the grass on her legs between where her knickers stopped and her stockings started - which was nice in itself. The moves with her skirt had resulted in her knickers being pulled nice and smooth across her pussy, putting a little pressure on her lips, which responded by starting a low level tingle that was the promise of things to come.

With a final quick check to see that no one was looking - Miss McGonagall was looking into the distance in a direction well away from Hermione and the rest of the class was all seated in front of her looking forward – she decided now was the time. She had a full bladder but could have held it till the end of class, so she could now achieve her plan to completely empty it during the class. She started with her knees together and her legs close to the ground – the first spurt of wee squeezed upwards flooding her pussy lips giving her the start of the tingling she so wanted. Over the next several minutes she exercised her excellent control letting little spurts of wee out into her knickers as she slowly opened and closed her legs – her long skirt keeping everything hidden. All the time she kept her book open across her upper legs, so she appeared to anyone looking to be concentrating hard on her studies.

She shuddered a little – partially the stress of concentrating so that she appeared “normal” to anyone who looked, but mainly from the waves of pleasure that were coming from her hot wet pussy encased in those soaking wet pink knickers. When she opened her legs the squirts hit the gusset and ran down inside the fabric to the ground and she felt the liquid soak the seat of her knickers and start to “wick up” the sides. The feelings were wonderful –still not like flying, but getting closer all the time. Her pussy lips felt as if they had swollen and they became very sensitive to touch of the wet cotton – so much so she had to use all of her willpower not to put her hand down there and rub like crazy!

Gradually the pleasure waves subsided and she was left with a warm glow radiating out from her pussy into her torso and the tops of her legs. Being a warm day the wetness of her knickers remained quite warm and pleasant as well. Hermione suddenly realised that she must have “zoned out” for several minutes when the pleasure waves hit her and quickly looked up to check that no one had seen her – but the class were all still sitting looking forward and Miss McGonagall seemed almost in a trance still looking into the distance away to the side.

Hermione carefully squeezed her legs together to get as much wee out of her knickers as possible and slowly shuffled sideways to a dry patch of ground to help the drying process. She had only just returned almost to “normal” when Miss McGonagall stood up, looked all round the class and called out “class dismissed”. Hermione quickly gathered her things into her bag and carefully getting up by kneeling first she stood ready to head for the privacy of a toilet to check the state of her knickers and to perhaps dry herself a little. Just as she started to walk she heard “Miss Grainger – report directly to my office immediately” come from Miss McGonagall’s mouth.

Hermione’s first thought was to run away, but then she realised how could Miss McGonagall know anything? perhaps there was something else she wanted to see her about. So puzzled and worried she walked a few step behind her teacher and into her office. As the door shut Miss McGonagall bolted it and then walked in front of her desk, rather than going round the back and sitting in her “formal” chair. She turned round and looked at Hermione - who was now very worried. This was made worse when the first words said to her were - undo your skirt and let if fall on the floor!

Knowing that she must obey she slowly undid the belt and let the skirt fall to the ground as instructed – there she stood, pink knickers on display clearly showing the extent to which she had wet them – “turn around” came the next instruction which she did almost feeling the eyes of her teacher popping at the sight of her knickers with their damp bum and front tummy panel - and down to the still soaking gusset covering her pussy. As she turned back to face Miss McGonagall she started to tremble with the worry of what was to happen to her – would she be expelled – or ridiculed in front of her class – or house – or even the whole school?

Her bladder had refilled a little since her deliberate wetting – and now decided to empty itself of what there was into her knickers. Miss McGonagall – smiled!, then quickly said – stop worrying Hermione, you are not in trouble, no one else knows – and besides your knickers cannot hold any more of your wee! Then she chuckled! – Hermione was totally puzzled - what was going on?

“Come over here Hermione and sit down next to me” said Miss McGonagall “ as she sat down in one of two chairs almost next, but slightly turned towards each other. “Don’t , worry about your wet knickers – the seat has a special spell on it so it will not get damaged - and it will gently heat you to dry you off. And stop worrying – when you are at school we teachers have to stand in for your parents, especially when they do not have the gift of magic. I know I am not your mother, but please try and think of me as your favourite aunt for now – outside of this and similar talks we must revert -I am your teacher and you are a pupil – but for now I need to help you as a growing up sister Witch.

Now - where should I start? – let’s go back to last weeks’ flying lesson. You remember when we landed I surprised you all by showing my wet bloomers – before getting each of you to show your wet knickers to everyone?”

“Yes Miss” said Hermione “I guessed that it was something of a ‘rite of passage’ ceremony – you wanting us to understand that as Witches we were part of a special sisterhood – something even more special than Wizards”.

“Very perceptive as usual Hermione” was the response – “now I looked at every girl (I will tell you how later), when I lifted my skirt. All of you were wet, you had all experienced the pleasures of flying and enjoyed the tingling and more that flowed through your body – but your reactions to me varied. Most looked shocked and looked way – but you didn’t – you just looked. Then later I was looking carefully and picked up that you deliberately let the remains of your bladder re-soak your knickers and you had a smile on your face when you did it.”

“Each year when I take that class I do the same and most years there is one girl (occasionally two) who was a little different from the rest and had found she really enjoyed wetting her knickers for the pleasure it gave her. Your reactions alerted me that you could be one of the special ones – ones the sisterhood call ‘3W’s’ – Wonderful Wet Witches. That has been confirmed today and also with one incident earlier in the week.”

“That takes us to how did I know what you were doing today. Firstly my initial suspicions were confirmed by your personal fun during herbology – Pomona alerted me of her suspicions. So – do teachers have eyes in the back of their heads? – well not quite – and it would be obvious if we did. But what you will learn at University is the special spell that lets you heighten any of your 5 senses – sight, hearing, taste, smell or touch, just for a while. It is a very dangerous spell – if not used carefully the sheer quantity of information flowing into your brain can cause it to explode – not a pretty sight!”

There are two ways of using it safely – one is to just heighten a sense (say hearing) but with a time limit of perhaps 30 seconds only. The other is to trade off the senses – say reduce sight to almost nil then you can heighten hearing for a long time. It takes lots of practice and you must first learn the warning signs of brain overload. So last week I simply cut my taste, touch and smell for a few seconds so I was able to move my eyes so quickly and see everyone’s reactions. For Pomona it was simply by chance her suspicions were raised. She regularly uses a heightened sense of smell to check on the health of some of the plants and she was doing this just after you left her class – her heightened sense of smell picked up drops of Witches’ wee on the ground and she recalled that was where you had been standing – she told me (Yes - we are both members of 3W’s) to watch you as a possible future member.

“That brings us to today” – Hermione suddenly sat up and said – “you shut down your sight – I saw you were looking into the distance – but which sense did you use to know what I was doing - was it smell?”

“That’s right about my sight, but no it wasn’t smell. I made my skin super sensitive to variation in temperature and moisture – and I checked all of the class one by one. The warm wet ground under your skirt when you weed your knickers was fairly readily detectable – but when you moved over whilst the ground looked dry to everyone else, to my heightened senses it looked like a huge puddle!”

“Anyway Hermione, I wanted to talk to you so you understood that you are not alone in finding pleasure in wetting your knickers, there is small and select group of witches that are the same as you and in time you will get to meet them – we do have occasional times together, just to relax and be open with each other. It is a little while to our next planned meeting, but I would like to take you along so you can talk with some of the ones just a bit older than you to help you understand better about yourself.”

“But there is one thing I want you to learn immediately to make sure you do not get caught by anyone (including other teachers, especially the men). Now it is very hard to simply make wee disappear, you know the basics of the magic balance – for each action there is an equal and opposite action. However it is not difficult to put a spell to mask or hide wetness, it is still there, but it cannot be seen.”

“We need to teach you the words and show you how they work – please stand up and turn around completely.” Hermione did as she was told only to see Miss McGonagall frowning when she faced her again. “It looks like my drying chair has been too quick, your knickers are completely dried which is no good for demonstrating the spell. Well Hermione, do you think you can wet them again now?”

Hermione’s head was still spinning from all the new information she had just received and being asked by her teacher to simply wee in her knickers was the final shock. She stood there open mouthed – which brought a further smile and chuckle from Miss McGonagall. “Just relax” she said and Hermione tried, finally relaxing enough for a small wet spot to form in the front of her knickers which quickly grew once started.

“Learn the words I will say and carefully remember them” said Miss McGonagall who then uttered a short phrase. As the spell was finished Hermione looked across at a mirror and watched as the wet patch faded and her knickers looked completely dry. She looked down and they still looked completely dry – but she could feel they were still wet on her pussy lips. She touched them with her hand and yes they were wet – but still looked dry.

“Well Hermione, that is all for now, please be careful but enjoy being a special Witch. I would just repeat that I am willing to help you as your surrogate aunt as you grow and learn about yourself, but outside of those times it is school as normal ‘Miss Grainger’ – do you understand?”

“Yes Miss McGonagall, I fully understand – but I do thank you for your help in understanding myself” said Hermione as she pulled her skirt up and fastened the belt before walking towards the door.

“Don’t be late for flying lessons tomorrow – there is a lot more for you to find out” was the final statement from Miss McGonagall as she opened the door for Hermione to leave.

As she walked along the corridor musing on all she had just learned Hermione again experimented, just once – she wanted to know if the masking spell worked on the fabric or on her wee – so she deliberately weed a bit more into her knickers so that it would fall onto the stone floor. No one was around so she lifted her skirt and whilst she could feel drops of wee falling from her knickers’ crotch she could see nothing in the air, but a small wet spot just appeared on the floor telling her that the masking did stop.

She went back thoughtfully to the dormitory - her thoughts moving to the next day – what more would she find out?

