Caught out

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-10 18:50

Thank you for the positive comments about the first story I posted (Two Caught Out). This time I am posting what is actually the first story I wrote about Jill. Please enjoy:-

Jill gave a little involuntary shiver. She was just starting to realise she had got herself into a bit of a dilemma! She was waiting to cross the road, having just left her friend. They had met up for the evening to catch up on the latest news and gossip, and had spent a few pleasant hours in their favourite wine bar. After having left, they had walked together as far as they could, before going their separate ways. Of course, being good friends, they had stood chatting for ages before they headed off home in different directions.

It was a lovely summer evening, and although it was quite late, there were still quite a number of people about. The traffic was also still quite heavy, which was making Jill have to wait to get across the road a lot longer than she would have liked.

The trouble was that she was really needing to relieve herself – really needing! Although she had not had a lot to drink- only 3 glasses of wine – and had used the toilet before leaving the bar, she was starting to become really desperate. She still had to walk for about 25 minutes before she reached home. Her route took her along a wide street, with houses set back off it and wide, well lit footpaths. It was a residential area, and because of the lovely evening quite a few people were out walking dogs or having a late evening stroll.

Jill now wished she had not stood chatting for so long. She had been to the toilet once whilst in the wine bar, shortly before leaving and had thought that she would easily make it home. Now she was beginning to have real doubts, as she was needing to pee really badly. She put her doubt to the back of her mind, however, saying to herself that women in their mid-forties can surely wait for the toilet, and that the need would pass.

At last the traffic cleared sufficiently for her to cross the road and continue on her way. She was trying to walk as quickly as possible, which wasn’t particularly easy in her condition. She had reached the stage where, if there hadn’t been so many people about, she would have discreetly held herself between her legs. Every now and then she had to slow down and try to squeeze her thighs together to help in her efforts to keep control. The night air wasn’t helping either, as it was starting to become cooler and she was wearing a light summer dress.

Jill was really beginning to think that she might even have an accident if she didn’t get to a toilet soon. But there were no toilets nearby - at least not public ones, and she didn’t know anyone in the area that well that she could just go to their door and ask to use their toilet, especially at this time of the evening. So instead she tried desperately to think if there was anywhere secluded enough so that she could have a quick pee without being noticed. Anywhere secluded would do, as long as there was nobody about and she could get some much needed relief.

All she wanted was to find somewhere where she could drop her knickers and empty her bursting bladder. Normally it would be the last thing she would want to do, as she had very little experience of peeing anywhere else than in a toilet. She remembered the few times when she had been caught short and had been forced to go behind a hedge, but that had been over twenty years ago. However, her need was now so acute that she really had to find somewhere, and fast! At least she was wearing a dress, so it would be easier to whip down her knickers and tights to have a quick pee than it would be if she had been wearing trousers. She would still need to be careful though, as she didn’t want to spoil her dress, which was nearly new and had been quite expensive.

Then suddenly a spasm hit her, and she had to stop walking and stand for a moment, really pushing her thighs together in an attempt to hold back the flood. Now she knew she had to find somewhere quickly, or it would be too late and she would go in her knickers – something she had never done as an adult. She could not really remember much about the last time she had accidentally wet herself because she had been unable to wait for a toilet, as it had been back in her early childhood. Certainly there had been times when she had been really desperate, but never to the extent that she had not been able to wait.

She realised that it was looking increasingly unlikely that she would be able to hold on until she got home, so she decided to leave the main road and take the longer route through quieter streets. They were less well lit and would hopefully have plenty of parked cars she could maybe squat between, or some dark corner which would give her cover. She really didn’t want to have to pee outside, but it was becoming obvious that she would have no other option. She had overheard some of the younger girls at work describing some of their exploits on their nights out on town.

After consuming too much drink, they inevitably ended up having to pee on the street somewhere, and the prospect didn’t seem to bother them in the slightest. Jill was older though, and had been well brought up. Ladies peeing on street corners was certainly something which would have been frowned upon in her youth. There were times when she or her friends were forced to go behind a hedge or down an alley, but they would rather have gone in their knickers than openly peed on the street!

The only thing she knew for sure was that she had to pee, and soon. She was really, really desperate now, and as soon as she got away from the main road she grasped her crotch firmly with one hand and held herself through her dress as she walked. She didn’t think she had done any in her knickers yet, but it had been very close a few times, and each spasm was worse than the last. She was not walking properly now, but hobbling along with her thighs squeezed together and holding herself continuously. She really had to go soon or she would wet herself completely!

Then she noticed a large van parked in a driveway of a house. There was a gap between it and the high boundary wall to the neighbouring house and the van shaded the gap from the light of the street lamps – perhaps she would manage to go in there. Jill quickly decided that there was no other option, and rushed into the darkness between the van and the wall, pulling up the hem of her skirt as she went. She was finally going to get the much needed relief she had waited ages for, and her muscles started to relax in anticipation. Just as she got into a high squat and got her hands on the waistband of her knickers and tights, however, a security light came on above the garage of the house. Thinking that someone was going to come out and find her, she quickly dropped the hem of her dress and rushed back out onto the footpath, walking quickly away from the house in case someone came out.

Because she had been so close to being able to relieve herself, only a superhuman effort on her part had prevented her from peeing. The pressure was so bad now that it hurt, and instead of just holding herself through her dress she now had one hand up her skirt holding herself tightly. Jill started to mutter to herself under her breath – “I’ must wait. I mustn’t let it out. I can get home.” Despite this, she was now seriously worried that she was going to have an accident. She was still a good few minutes away from home, and felt that she only had moments left before she would lose control.

To make matters worse, she had to keep stopping completely to hold herself really hard and twist her legs together or she would have been leaking continuously. Frantically she looked around, searching for anywhere that she could quickly squat and get relief, but there was nothing – only one or two parked cars, no dark corners, no narrow alleyways – nothing. She started muttering to herself again, this time more in despair – “Oh no, I’m going to pee myself. Don’t let me wet myself! Please, let me get home, don’t let me go in my knickers!” The very fact that she used the word “pee”, even to herself, indicated how desperate she was, as she loathed any form of bad or vulgar language, and would never use the word in normal conversation.

Another spasm hit, and she thought that this time it she was going to lose it, but somehow managed to hold on. Just then a man came out of a the gate of a nearby house to take his dog out before going to bed, so Jill had to try to act as normally as possible, removing her hand from up her skirt and trying to walk normally. She was sure she was looking flustered, but smiled politely at the man as he walked past in the opposite direction. As soon as he was past she grabbed herself again, after looking around to check that he wasn’t watching, but it was ok, as he was striding down the road away from her, not looking back as she had feared. However, the short time that she had been unable to hold herself had been the final straw for her poor bladder, and as the next spasm came she felt a spurt of hot pee into the gusset of her knickers.

Realising that she was only going to be able to hold on for a few more seconds, she spread her legs apart as far as her dress would allow, and waddled to the darker area between two street lights. She could feel herself becoming wetter around her crotch, but had not intentionally relaxed and was not consciously trying to pee. There were drops of pee trailing behind her as she proceeded along the pavement, and when she finally reached the shady area she trembled, squatted down close to the wall, lifting her skirt out of the way as her bladder finally let go.

The pee gushed out of her, totally soaking her knickers and tights, and running through the gusset and up around her bottom. The pressure had been so great that her pee seemed to hiss from her for ages, forming a huge steaming puddle around her feet, and splashing her shoes and ankles. The feeling of relief was tremendous but she was so shocked at having wet herself in public – even if nobody had seen her – that she started sobbing to herself.

Once the flow had finally stopped she took a tissue from her bag and dried herself off as best she could, before quickly getting up and walking away. She nervously looked around, but it seemed that there was no-one about and that her accident hadn’t been witnessed by any one. Jill soon reached home, and, thankful that her husband was away for the night at a golf tournament, stripped off her soggy clothes and had a warm shower. Later, as she contemplated what had happened, she was still stunned by how quickly her need had come upon her and also by how helpless she had felt as she realised that she was not going to be able to hold on.

She was glad that it had been as late as it was and that nobody had seen her wet herself, but dreaded to think what would have happened or what she would have done if it had been earlier or if she had been in company. Jill resolved that she would be very careful to use the loo before leaving a bar or restaurant from now on, even if she was not really needing to go. She also resolved to always carry a spare pair of knickers in her bag and she now understood why so many women did the same.

