Car Ride Wife

Author: hoser488

*000*2013-12-13 06:27

It was twelve years ago when I met my wife for the first time. I was twenty seven, and she was a nubile lass of only nineteen. I pegged her for younger than that, even, which was why I sort of played with her a little, teasing her mildly when I saw her admiring my old Mustang in the grocery store parking lot. With shoulder length pale blonde hair and wearing a very short blue sundress, she was a pleasing enough sight, but not the sort of girl a ragged looking character like myself would get involved with.

“Hey little girl, want a ride?” I asked as I walked up on her.

“Hi,” she said, smiling brightly. “I was just looking at your car. I really like it!”

“Oh, well, thanks, I did a lot of work on it.”

“Did you do it all yourself?”

“Pretty much. I mean, I had some machine work on the engine done at the shop, and I had the rear end rebuilt at a shop, but the rest I did myself.”

“Who did the body work?”

“I did.”

“How about the interior? That’s kind of rough.”

“I just haven’t gotten around to doing a better job yet.”

“Were you serious about that ride? I’d love to ride in it. I’d like to drive it even better!”

“Uh, you gotta be old enough to drive before I let you take one of my cars out.”

“I’m old enough!” She instantly pulled her driver’s license from her little blue purse and thrust it at me. “See? Nineteen. I’m gonna be twenty.” I checked her license, son of a gun if she wasn’t.

“You sure that’s not a fake?”

“Dummy, if I had a fake I would get one that said I was twenty one, so I could buy beer.”

“Good point. Sure, I guess I could take you for a spin, if that’s what you really want.”

“It’s not for sale, is it?”

“I could probably be talked out of it.”

“It’s okay, I don’t have any money anyway. It’s fun to dream, though!”

“Well, okay, you want to look at the engine?”

“What for? Let’s just see if it runs!”

“Oh, it runs.” I went around and opened the passenger door for her. She leaned over into the front before getting in, clearing off some papers from the seat, making sure I got a good look at her pale pink underwear when her short dress rode up some, then she got in, giving me a good crotch flash. She was smiling at me as I closed the door and walked around to my side. I opened my door and threw my little bag of nuts and bolts from the hardware store in the back seat then settled down with my keys.

“It’s pretty much a stock 289,” I said. “I did a few things, roller cam, headers, dual exhaust and glass-packs. Bigger carb and intake, it runs pretty good.” I touched it off and it rumbled to life, the cam sort of loping along. The girl was smiling wildly.

“I Love It!” she shouted over the rumble of the engine.

I gave her a goofy grin, poked the throttle a couple times just to make noise, then found reverse and slowly backed out of my parking spot. I goosed the throttle a couple more times, and eased out the clutch, not wanting to scare her or attract the law. “Where do you want to go?” I asked.

She rolled her eyes and tossed a few strands of her long, straight blonde hair out of her eyes. “I really don’t care. This car really turns me on!” So I wandered on through town over to the freeway. She was busy looking around at the inside of my car as I putt-putted through town. I got to the freeway on ramp and opened her up for a couple seconds. Barely enough to break the back end a little loose, but with the posi it hooked up pretty good and by the time we were halfway up the steep uphill ramp I was doing nearly eighty. I backed it off until we merged onto the freeway, then got a good look in my review and saw a remarkable lack of cars painted black and white, so I jumped on it again.

There was no traffic in front of us for a ways, so I took it up to about a hundred, then slowed down to pass a couple trucks at about seventy, then hit a long straight stretch and really stuck my foot in it. Speedometer went to a hundred and forty, and I got it tight against the peg for a few seconds, then backed it off as I was going past lots of traffic going the other way, and it was just a matter of luck none of them was the law. Of course, an old car like that, those sorts of speeds, with the open exhaust and all, conversation was impossible, so she wasn’t saying anything at all until I slowed down to a much more reasonable and approximately legal speed.

“You better pull over up here,” she said as the noise died down.

“Are you okay?”

“Just pull over anywhere. I need to change my pants!”

“What?”

“I went to the bathroom in my pants a little, okay? When you got on the freeway, it scared me going so fast, and I couldn’t hold it.”

“Oh, hell, I’m so sorry about that!”

“It’s not your fault. I just hope I didn’t hurt your seat or your carpeting.” I pulled over into a wide gravel pull off and stopped the car next to some trees. She jumped out as soon as I stopped, then leaned back into the car. “Don’t leave me here!” she commanded.

“Don’t worry, I won’t.” I said.

She got a couple of tissues out of her purse and wiped off her legs. I looked at the vinyl seat: sure enough it was a little wet. I grabbed an old shirt from the back seat and blotted the seat dry, then turned to look at her as she reached under her dress and very demurely took her panties off. They were light pink cotton bikinis, which I of course already knew. She made with the tissues a little more, patting her bottom and crotch dry I assume, then produced a pair of panties identical to the first as far as I could see from her tiny purse and pulled them on. Considering she was hardly overdressed to start with in her tiny mini dress, she did the whole underwear exchange in a remarkably demure and lady-like fashion. I was pretty impressed with this girl already. She got back into the car and hung her wet panties from my gear shift lever.

“A little gift for letting me ride in your car!” she said, laughing. “I bet that’s not the first pair of wet panties you and your car have caused.”

“Uh, actually I think it is...”

She punched me in the arm, a pretty good shot. “Maybe not the last, though!” She laughed out loud at her humor. “I’m really sorry I got your seat wet, though.”

“It’s no big deal.”

“Well, I’m still sorry. How can I make it up to you?”

“Don’t worry about it,” I said, pulling the car back onto the freeway, driving much slower this time for the next off ramp where we could turn around.

“How about twenty bucks?” she asked.

“For the car ride? You’re joking!”

“Well, I got your seat all wet, and your carpet. Plus your gas, and your time.”

“We get back to the store, you just give me a little kiss and we call it even, how’s that?”

“Deal! But I was gonna give you one of those anyway, for being so nice.”

We got married a month to the day after that.

