The Orchestral Disaster

Author: Peafowl

*000*2020-12-27 14:23

Note: This is a much longer story I wrote, and decided to give it it's own thread. Hope you all enjoy.

The Orchestral Disaster

With Parkha Naeem (18)

###

Tonight was a big night for Parkha Naeem. She was diligently getting herself ready for the state high school orchestra competition, for which she was a xylophonist in the percussion section for. She'd normally be the last person to jump to spending a Saturday evening in or with school, avoiding other activities like drama or sport for both shyness and laziness, music was one art that entrapped her soul. It only took sweet chords and sick beats for Parkha to completely lose her sense of time and space, sailing on a rhythmic sea of musical ecstasy. Not to mention they always served pizza during school competitions. As she showered she attentively hummed her favorite movements of that night's show, even making weird huffs and grunts that in the acoustic cradle of her head sounded like an entire orchestra of trumpets.

After closing the shower she dried herself, tidied her face with a modest amount of makeup, and blow-dried her short hair. Parkha treated herself to feeling like the Shahbanu of America, paying an unusually great attention to her looks for someone who just outside in the bedroom had clothes thrown around on the dresser, bed, and floor. She picked out and wore a pair of soft white panties and a comfortable matching bra, pulled a ruby red sequin blouse over her body, and pulled up a pair of soft black dress pants that stayed wide by the ankle like the feathers of an eagle. Finally, she wrapped around her head a darker ruby red headscarf embroidered in subdued Turkish roses. One quick look in the mirror and she had the confidence of the world. Parkha grabbed her car keys, and ran down to kiss her mother goodbye for the evening, who was disappointed she couldn't come to see the concert due to an incident in her robotics lab that she was dressed to meet.

"Last concert before college, champ!" she exclaimed, giving Parkha a big hug before seeing her off in the garage. Parkha got in her car, connected her android's music, and pulled out of the garage to drive to local university the competition was being held.

Parkha arrived rather early to site. Her best friend, Tamar Gartner, was an oboe player, and the two being nerdy partners in crime meant that they liked beating the crowd to get extra time to just hang out. As Parkha approached the university concert hall from the parking lot, she could see through the big glass walls of the entrance Tamar slouched on a sofa, playing on her phone. Her brown, curly hair and generally tall stature made her impossible to miss.

After catching eye of Parkha, Tamar got up from the couch to eagerly greet her friend, and start talking about an animated show she had started watching. The two shot the breeze while more of the orchestra began showing up, podding up in their little cliques and sections to chat before the instructor and conductor, Mrs. Suzuki, showed up. Mrs. Suzuki was an easily irritable teacher, but extremely good at her job. She had managed to turn Eel Creek High School orchestra from the biggest joke in the state to one of the best. Her presence was commanding, and her simply entering the building caused even the rowdiest students of the trombone section to gather up into their sections for accountability.

"Eel Creek High Class of 2023," Mrs. Suzuki began, "I am confident this concert will be the finest in this school's history, but more importantly, implore you to enjoy yourselves in your last year! Shortly we will have way too much pizza and soda delivered for you to enjoy for dinner, and then we will begin our pre-concert rehearsals in about two hours." Mrs. Suzuki stepped away to sign the orchestra in, leaving all the students to resume their social groups. Shortly later students were being called to help offload the pizzas.

Through the door came an endless stream of pizzas, definitely enough for each person to have at least four slices, and then followed crates of soda cans. Parkha stepped in line to grab her first few slices when some members of the student council handed her a whole box of cheese pizza. "We know you don't eat pork, so we saved a pizza for you," they said, but not fast enough to beat Parkha running off to Tamar with a giant cheese pizza pie and multiple lemon-lime sodas.

Parkha and Tamar cracked open the sodas like beers, and began snaffling down pizza slice after pizza slice while chatting about random topics. After about half an hour, Parkha had finished four soda cans. "Damn, Parks, make sure you go to the bathroom before we start!" Parkha gave Tamar a smug look, as if Tamar had just insulted her intelligence. "Duh," Parkha responded, "I'll go five minutes before rehearsals, and then again before the concert Why didn't you get any pop, Tam?" Not only was soda too sugary for Tamar's liking, she was always paranoid about staying dry for big events, just in case. Not to mention soda was dehydrating anyway. "You know I don't like pop," responded Tamar.

The two hours passed and Mrs. Suzuki returned to the gaggle of students, immediately rounding everyone up back into their sections through sheer gravitas. "I hope you all enjoyed the pizza, my treat, so now let's get ready for rehearsals. You will all rehearse in your sections before a group rehearsal in the spare auditorium, and that way you can have time to tune your instruments and get everything ready", she instructed. "You all have 15 minutes to get ready for rehearsals." After two claps everyone was moving to their designated areas to begin section rehearsals, with Parkha and Tamar splitting apart back to their respective sections. Naturally, everyone branched out to quickly use the bathroom, and being slow Parkha found herself at the back of the line to the women's restroom. This wasn't a cause for concern, since Parkha bladder wasn't full, and this was just a cautionary trip.

By threes the girls went in and came out, but as the line was approaching the end there were hiccups in the flow. One girl walked out, telling the next one in line "two of the toilets are busted." By the time the student in front of Parkha came out, she warned her that all the stalls were broken. At that time a janitor came and entered the bathroom, telling Parkha to hold on a second. A minute passed when the janitor came out with a closed sign that she plopped in front of the door. "Sorry," apologized the janitor, "I gotta fix the toilets. This news put a dent on Parkha's plans. "How long until they're fixed?" she asked. "They won't be ready until tomorrow, sorry," said the janitor. "You can maybe try the biology center down the road". The biology center was about a ten minute walk one way, and Parkha didn't have that kind of time. Maybe she'd get an opportunity after rehearsals, but already she had lost quite a bit of confidence for the evening.

Parkha returned to her percussion section to get her xylophone ready, and warm up with some chromatic scales. The drummers grabbed and set up all the snares, timpanies, and the other percussion instruments. Normally Parkha felt like a queen behind her xylophone, someone even her bullies respected. She was like a jockey and her horse, or a bombardier and her cannon. Tonight however she became a ball of nerves, with only the thought of a pee plan on the top of her mind. The night could last well over five hours, and after drinking all those cans of soda she knew she would eventually need to use the restroom. The crew moved the instruments to the spare auditorium, Parkha rolling the xylophone behind, while the wind and strings were already mostly set up and just tuning. When all the gear was set up, the sodas began catching up.

In her abdomen a slow ball of pressure was starting to grow. Warmth from the soda had already made its slow descent to her bladder and closer to her crotch. There was no urgency yet, but the warmth was noticeable enough that Parkha couldn't help but check once by pressing a hand on the crotch of her pants to see if her groin could feel wet panties. Thankfully for now this was just paranoia, and she was completely dry. Mrs. Suzuki climbed up the front of the stage to the conductor's podium to signal to the class that it was time to play. Everyone silenced and diverted their full attention to the conductor, who began to make count to initiate the song. Parkha readied her mallets, and the first movement began.

The music flowed like water. It was obvious everyone in the orchestra did their part to practice, or was at least just naturally talented enough. Parkha effortlessly played her piece of the movement, but as the music continued the pressure in her abdomen descended lower, and lower, and lower. She was starting to need to keep her legs closer together, and the distraction made her slip a couple times on the notes but not in any disruptive way. By the next movement, her thighs were rubbing together ever-so-slightly to the beat of the music, and in the third and final movement she had picked up a slight sway in her movement.

The rehearsal was for the most part a perfect rendition of the Japanese Rhapsody, with Mrs. Suzuki being quite satisfied, but of course the orchestra was going to rehearse one more time, just for added perfection. Everyone went through the motions one more time, and Parkha was still but only slightly rubbing her thighs together and stepping side to side to stop a continually descending sensation of warmth in her abdomen.

The second rehearsal was over and everyone began to stage their instruments for the real deal. The show was only now starting, and there were about four other schools in queue before it was Eel Creeks' turn, so the students were to just take seats in the audience and enjoy the show. With this, Parkha saw an opportunity to try and find a toilet, knowing there was at least a couple hours before they were up to play. Tamar found Parkha in the lobby, asking what she was doing since Parkha normally enjoyed listening to the other schools.

"Tamar, do you know if there's another bathroom in this building, the main one is closed," she asked her friend.

Tamar replied, "I don't think so, not when I last saw, but I think there is one in the biology building. It's only twenty minutes there and back, we can check it out together."

Parkha nodded in gratitude, and responded, "let's walk fast, I don't want to miss too much of the show." The two then headed out to the biology center.

Pressure in Parkha's abdomen was building more and more down the walk. Tamar could notice Parkha walking slightly slower than usual. "Those sodas really run through you, don't they," Tamar commented. "Didn't you use the bathroom during the rehearsals?"

"They closed the bathroom when I was the last person in line," Parkha replied. "I was the only one who didn't get a chance!" Tamar could hear a subtle whine in that last comment.

As they walked down the road, Parkha was walking in a way that kept her thighs rubbing together, and she would occasionally subtly press her crotch with one hand. Now her status had shifted from "may have to go" to "has to go", as a definite pressure had made it to her sphincter. The two approached the biology center and stopped, looking through the glass wall to see a completely desolate building. Parkha now couldn't stand still, constantly pacing, shifting weight, and crossing her legs.

Tamar commented, "I think it's closed." A brief tug at the door confirmed her suspicion.

"I don't know what I expected," replied Parkha, "It's late on a Saturday night, no way it would have been open."

Disappointed, the two began their way back to the concert hall, now even more slowly as Parkha was trying to fidget while walking. Her mind was filling with concern as fast as her bladder was filling with urine. We still have several hours left of this, and there isn't a bathroom I can use! She was trying to think of alternative options, but she couldn't come up with any.

"Maybe you can sneak into the men's bathroom?" suggested Tamar in an obviously joking tone. It was a serious option though, but Parkha gave a disapproving look. She was much too shy to try to try and sneak into the men's restroom, afraid of being walked in on. She wasn't comfortable peeing around other ladies as it was.

"I just need to hold it, I guess," replied Parkha in a more defeatist tone.

The two returned to the concert hall, and sat back in the auditorium. The show was still in the middle of the first school's concert, Black Cliff High School, who were playing the Nutcracker suite. Parkha tried to relax and enjoy the music, but the thought of her predicament continued to linger in her mind. She was fidgeting in her seat, crossing her legs and switching, but keeping her arms on her armrests to try and stay relaxed, only occasionally touching her crotch.

However the occasional gentle and slight touch of her crotch was starting to lose effectiveness, and more active means of holding were starting to become necessary. She finally brought her arms to her lap, her hands getting engaged by pressing at her crotch, but maintaining a posture that didn't make it seem obvious. She looked around the auditorium, looking to see if other people were growing desperate, just so she wouldn't feel alone. To her disappointment, everyone looked totally relaxed, and having a great time, leaving Parkha the only one in the auditorium who needed to pee.

One show ended, and the next began playing Bolero. Parkha continued to shift and shuffle in her seat. Sometimes her legs would cross tight, other times her legs would come back parallel and bounce on her toes, occasionally losing sync to rub her thighs. Though not visible, she could feel a bulge pushing out at the belt line of her trousers. The pressure was getting quite high when a surge shot though her sphincter towards her panties, squirting a small amount of pee. Parkha thrusted her hands between her legs and grabbed her crotch, pressing hard. The movement caused her to squirt again, but she was able to hold. She moaned and whimpered to herself, seeing as she was already starting to leak not even half way through the show. She was also becoming upset with herself that she was missing out on the show because of a full bladder.

The show pushed on with Holst's Planets, and Parka brought her feet up onto the chair. Her knees hugged her chest, and her feet were pulled to her butt to alternate heels pressing into her groin. When it looked like someone noticed her desperation she blushed in embarrassment, but felt too desperate to change her posture. Her lips pursed, and her eyes were getting wetter from focus. Another surge rushed past her sphincter as she squirted again into her panties, causing her whole body to cringe and contract, her heels and hands both pressing harder on her groin. A significant wet spot was forming on her panties, and it was growing uncomfortably cold down there. She whimpered to herself, Why was I the only one who wasn't allowed to pee!? Her knees shuddered, rubbing briskly together, and her thighs and butt tightened. Her knees bobbed up and down, crossing paths with each to alternate pressing thighs against her groin.

Another surge, and another squirt shot through. She grabbed tight to hold, but noticed that even the outside of her trousers were starting to get damp on the crotch. Thankfully, black hides wet spots pretty well, but her situation was still getting dire, and no amount of black would hide the full flood she was holding back. I shouldn't have drank those pops, I'm such a moron, she thought, but quickly changed her mind to accept that she was entitled to the drinks because the building should not have only one bathroom.

Smaller surges pulsed through her sphincter, and though not causing a squirt, individual droplets of pee were leaking, like water droplets through a crack in a glass. Since her feet were up, her crotch was above her butt, which meant the droplets were slowly flowing around to the back of her panties. Parkha whimpered as she squeezed tighter and tighter, with no end in sight. Droplets continued slipping through, leaking through the fabric to dampen her trousers. She was even starting to feel a slight dampness on the seat itself.

Eel Creek's turn was approaching, and all the students got up to get ready for their show. Parkha, unable to move was stuck to her chair. Any movement could mean worse than a small squirt. Tamar stayed behind and found Parha as a bundle of limbs on a seat.

"Christ! Are you ok!?" she exclaimed, concerned for her friend.

Her legs tied around her grasping hands, Parkha whimpered, "I-I have to go so bad!"

Tamar responded, "Let's sneak into the men's room! I'll stand guard!" Parkha shook her head. She was too shy.

Though greatly concerned, Tamar felt insulted by her friend's lack of trust in her, but accepted Parkha's feelings. Parkha however was not making it easy for Tamar to be helpful, so now all she could do now was help her out of the chair and to the backstage. Tamar stuck out a hand, which Parkha grabbed to try and hoist herself up. As she pulled, the motion shot another larger squirt into her panties. She stood up and grabbed her crotch, the wet spot much bigger this time.

Tamar walked by Parkha's side as she made her way to the back of the auditorium. She tried to keep her hands away from her crotch, but they were extended straight and stiff by her side, and her thighs stayed tight together as she walked, causing her to waddle. With each step she too, she squirted slightly. Single drops were flowing through her panties and down her legs under her trousers to her loafers. A bigger surge shot through which caused her to stop and shoot her hands to her crotch for a grab. Her thighs were wet as multiple droplets flowed down, and drops seeped through the crotch of her trousers, falling to the tile floor. Parkha continued walking but as she looked down she saw the trail little pee drops she was leaving behind. And she still had at least two more hours before she was at home.

When Parkha finally made it behind her xylophone, her legs were shaking. Her knees profusely shook back and forth, and her feet tap-danced as she bobbed and bounced on her toes. She was no longer the queen of the xylophone, as other percussionists caught notice of her desperation.

"Parks, you look like you're about to piss yourself," joked one of the drummers, thinking she was bouncing in excitement.

Both angry and mortified, Parkha scorned quietly, "Shut up! I didn't get a chance to go!", causing the drummer to shut their mouth and turn away as the truth let out. Her cheeks flushed red as she realized she had just openly admitted to being desperate, something she'd only be comfortable sharing with around her best friend. As the show was about to start, she pursed her lips and pulled her hands away from her crotch to grab her mallets, which caused her to squirt a couple times again in succession. She whimpered, her lips quivering like a seismograph. Her thighs squeezed together and successfully held, but now the real challenge was starting: holding without hands. Her mallets were prepped to play, but her feet continued to dance, and her legs kept twisting like a pretzel.

The movement began, and she started to play. Her erratic movements to hold her pee were making it difficult to keep beat, which she would normally do by tapping her heel. She was able to stay synchronized with the rest of the orchestra, but holding with her thighs was definitely harder than holding with her hands. While she was able to prevent her dam from bursting she was still steadily leaking. Drops of pee seeped through her trousers as Parka nervously watched droplets hit the stage floor under the xylophone. The wet spot on her crotch was growing, and growing more noticeable as it stood out against her black trousers as the only spot that wasn't dry enough to catch dust and lint. She lifted one leg slightly, twisting her hip to try and press her groin with her thigh while alternating legs every few seconds. She also longed for a fresh pair of panties as her currently soaked pair itched and chafed.

A short intermission arrived to give Mrs. Suzuki time to explain the history of the song to the audience. Parkha set her mallets on the instrument and rocketed her hands between her crossed legs to grab her crotch, squeezing her thighs, grinding her hands on her groin, and pressing one foot on the other. When she saw that little pools had formed under her, she extended one leg to wipe them away with her shoe, but new puddles formed as pee continued to leak through her pants. By now it was no longer a question of "if" Parkha would burst, it was "when". Coming to this conclusion caused tears to form in her eyes, as she prayed for any miracle that would save her from flooding her trousers on stage. Since the xylophone was position in the center at the back of the orchestra, she couldn't slink behind a curtain to hide her desperate movements, so she was certain some in the audience were catching notice of her.

Next came the second movement. Parkha carefully removed her hands from her crotch, causing a surge of pee to shoot through before being caught by her squeezing thighs. She wiped down her palms on her trousers, picked up her mallets, and continued playing, her legs twisting and rubbing. Her bladder was beyond full now, and a constant barrage of surges through her abdomen caused her to squirt every few seconds. Rivulets of pee flowed down her legs, collecting in her shoes. Twisting and rubbing her thighs caused her panties to keep bunching up, causing her to occasionally reach down and pluck at the crotch of her panties to straighten them every time she wasn't playing.

Unfortunately this meant separating her legs slightly, which consistently caused her to squirt another rush of pee each time. Parkha couldn't imagine why after so much leaking her bladder was still beyond its limit, suspecting it was filling up faster than it was leaking out. When she wasn't watching the keys, she occasionally looked around to see if anyone was staring directly at her. She couldn't tell from the audience, but at least her classmates were too focused on their music. She was also lucky that the stage lighting created shadows that partially hid her leaking.

A long and agonizing movement finishing initiated another break for exposition from Mrs. Suzuki, with one more movement to go. Parkha softly threw the mallets on the xylophone and grabbed her crotch, stumbling around as her legs knotted. The drummer who had joked about her situation came up to her, this time more seriously.

"Hey Parks, are you ok?" she asked, now noticing how dire the situation was.

Parkha turned to her with a face blushing blood red and a minor weep. She whimpered, "I have to go so bad, but I won't be able to make it!" There was nothing the drummer could do to help but reassure her that she wouldn't think any less of her if she had an accident. This made Parkha feel negligibly better since she felt having an accident was mortifying regardless of how supportive and sympathetic the bystanders were. She turned back to her little bubble of desperation as the drummer returned to her instrument. Parkhas hands rubbed her groin, her knees joined together, and her thigh tightened as another surge pushed out a big spurt of pee, filling her panties and seeping out to gravity.

Now came the final movement. Parkha wasn't confident, but if she could just hold for one more movement, and a car ride, she could find sweat release over a toilet bowl. Just the thought of this hope caused her to squirt. She once again removed her hands from her crotch to pick up the mallets and begin playing. However as the last movement progressed, Parkha just couldn't focus on the music. The surges through her bladder were so great she was constantly interrupted to grab and hold her crotch. Only because she knew the song well enough could she easily pick the harmony back up.

Then, half way through, the biggest surge came through her bladder. Not a squirt, not a spurt, this time a whole jet shot out into her panties. She instantly grabbed her crotch and squeezed her muscles as tight as possible, feeling two pulses jet out before she successfully closed the stream. The escaped stream drizzled through her trousers to the floor, and flowed down her legs into her shoes. Another pulse tried to shoot through her muscles, managing to find a way to leak out at high pressure. Parkha was starting to fatigue as she moaned and whimpered to hold for just a little longer.

The final movement was almost over, and Parkha was no longer participating. She was just too desperate, and couldn't remove her hands from her groin. The thought that anybody in the audience could easily notice this made her cry quietly. She prayed, God, just half an hour longer, please! I'll do anything! She twisted and turned, bounced and bobbed, as her hands ground and pushed into her groin. The surges of pee were getting stronger, penetrating her defenses of tight muscles, each pulse ignoring every ounce of pressure she applied.

She was so exhausted, her body urging her to relax and let it all out. Then, at the last measure, she finally fully burst. A consistent and high pressure stream ignored her tight thighs and clenched hands, and completely filled her panties, and then penetrating through her trousers. The audience stood to applaud after the last note, but then the sound of clapping was replaced by a waterfall hitting a wooden floor. Everyone in the auditorium was turned towards Parkha, staring.

Parkha's entire face turned painted red, as her hands pulled the bottom of her headscarf over her face to hide her embarrassment. She was bent over, a torrent of pee pouring onto the floor, her shoes overflowed. It was forty five seconds of terror for Parkha as the torrent continued at high pressure, her body thanking her as the massaging stream and emptying bladder gave her unimaginable relief, but now she was a living fountain in front of an audience of over two hundred people. The sounds of hushed whispers, pitying comments, and subdued laughs swept the auditorium. Her whimper turned into a cry as two drummers grabbed her and pulled her behind the curtain away from the prying eyes of the audience.

"Are you ok!?" asked one of the drummers, the other embracing Parkha with one hand on her back and the other on her shoulder.

Parkha cried, "I-I couldn't hold it. I've been bursting to go for two hours! They closed the bathroom before I had a chance to go!"

As she started to bawl, the drummers grabbed her in a hug, telling her to calm down. Her crying quickly died back to a whimper as one drummer reassured her, "hey, it's ok, these things sometimes happen!" All the drummers gave her their sympathy.

Parkha hid behind the curtain as she waited for the show to be completely over. She blushed as Mrs. Suzuki gave her closing statements, apologizing for an "abrupt and unusual incident" that happened at the end of the show before returning to the topic of music. When it was all over and people began leaving, Parkha entered the stage with a towel in hand to wipe her own mess. Someone else cleaning her mess was just as embarrassing as making the mess in the first place, something she wished to avoid. After disinfecting the last spot, the drummers approached her and told her to head home early as the rest packed up the percussion instruments. It was an uneasy walk through the lobby to the parking lot, both still crowded, as Parkha tugged the bottom of her blouse down over her crotch to the obvious remains of her accident on her trousers. She briskly walked to the car, and wasted no time starting the engine to go home.

Her drive home was filled with anxiety and thoughts on how to avoid a very awkward conversation with her mother, hoping she was still at work. She prayed that gossip wouldn't reach her. Parkha drove her car into the garage, noticing her mothers car parked in the next spot. She closed the garage and entered the house, holding her blouse down over her crotch. Her mother was in the kitchen, the countertop set up with ice cream, bowls, and cutlery.

"Hey, sweetie, did you have fun?" she exclaimed.

Parkha, trying to dodge the encounter, quickly let out an "It was great, Mom," before trying to rush to her room.

Her mother called out, "Where are you going? I got ice cream here to eat-." She was interrupted when she saw Parkhas wet trousers, asking concernedly, "Oh dear, what happen? Why are your pants soaked?"

Parkha stared awkwardly at her mother, trying to think of something. Her face sank, and her cheeks blushed, and she replied, "I peed myself," seeing no point in lying. Her mother closed in for a hug.

"Well, I have ice cream for you here. You go shower and then you can feel better tonight."

Nodding, Parkha returned to her room, shutting the door. With her wet clothes getting too itchy, she undressed down to her nude. Her panties were completely soaked, and she wringed them over her shower. Her wet trousers were thrown in the laundry hamper, and she entered the shower for a high-temperature cleanup, trying to bring up thoughts that would distract her from this embarrassing night.

