The Struggles of a Student (fixed)

Author: OmoJack

*000*2014-08-25 23:29

Kary is a student at the university of Iowa. But at this particular time she was studying abroad, as she often did. See Kary is a wanderer of sorts. She never liked to stay in one place, or country for that matter. So in her attempts to explore the world she traveled everywhere she could study, Japan, China, Costa Rica, and numerous places in the u.s. At this time she was in the Dominican republic for an international business course at a university there. Because of the humidity and being soclose to the equator Kary had to drink nearly twice as much as usual.

One day before class Kary decided to try out her new juicer she had bought, since its so hard to find a quality drink in the Dominican. She loved passion fruit juice ( chinola) so gave that's shot. To her approval it worked, but she definitely over did the servings. She started to chug the juice so she wouldn't waste any, but noticed she was almost late for the bus. Kary had to take public transportation to school every day because there was simply no other way. The bus would be leaving in mere minutes and Kary was still playing with her new juicer wearing only a plain white tank top and her panties.

Which would normally be sexy and lace covered, but since she was in a jungle thousands of miles from the one person she would wear those for, she stuck to cotton bikini cuts for comfort. Todays choice was a light pink pair with thin red, white, and purple stripes on them. "Shit!"Kary exclaimed as she realized she still needed to get dressed for class. She ran to her bedroom only to find her next mistake. She had forgotten to grab her jeans from the laundry. Not only did the university suggest that students wear jeans, Kary wasn't too fond of walking past the not so polite local men who couldn't keep their comments about her appearance to themselves. Deciding that her best option for catching the bus and getting to class on time was to put on the light pink athletic shorts she sometimes slept in on and get going.

Kary bottled up the rest of her chinola juice, grabbed her books, and set out towards the bus stop. Almost immediately she heard a man whistle and say, "hola, Mami!" Kary knew it was in her best interest to ignore the man. Besides she didn't have time to tell him how she really felt. Speaking of feelings, Kary was beginning to feel a nag in her bladder. Which made her feel a little uneasy given the fact that students couldn't leave the university and reenter and her bus more than likely wouldn't make it in time for her to use the restroom before class. She would have to wait the entire 90 minutes before she could relieve herself.

Kary wasn't exactly the best when it came to holding her water. If it wasn't for careful planning and well timed potty breaks she would surely still have periodic accidents. Junior high was a nightmare and she had even wet herself during a fire drill once in high school. But she hadn't had this problem in years, and she was confident she wouldn't start again today. Yes she had slipped up a bit but it was nothing she couldn't handle, she was grown after all, having just turned 21 four months earlier. It was quite humid though, which meant she was going to put a hurt on her chinola. "Mind over bladder, right?" She reassured herself jokingly.

About 5 minutes later she was packed into bus, rather uncomfortably, on her way to school. Checking the time on her phone, Kary's stomach dropped and need worsened as she realized the bus would never make it in time for her to use the restroom before class. She wasn't desperate exactly, but knowing she would have to wait the whole class period made her very nervous. She was beginning to panic already. Kary always was a worry-er, and gets worked up over the simplest things sometimes. And with her bladder control, this wasn't exactly the most simple of situations.

Within minutes, Kary was near sprinting. Not to salvation for her still filling bladder, but to a classroom that would lock her in without possibility of said salvation for 90 minutes. She was nervous. Rightfully so, after all that juice she had already consumed and would have to continue drinking. She was still confident but this was not going to be easy.

The teacher was a few minutes late and looked to be angry about something. Kary didn't like that much. Mr. Ortega was already kinda mean to the American students, especially overachievers like Kary, for some reason. Today was just supposed to be a lecture though. So she wouldn't actually have to interact but she would have to pay attention. "That was going to be quite the task", Kary thought to herself as she was forced to take a swig of her chinola juice because her mouth was dry.

About halfway through the lecture, and 100% through her juice, Kary was fully convinced she was going to piss her pants in the middle of this classroom. The teacher had already given her multiple evil looks for squirming loudly and now it was becoming impossible to sit still. Legs crossed, hand under her left buttock with her fingers pressed into her crotch. A position she knew all too well. Kary often found herself holding like this so she wouldn't interrupt her long study sessions.

As the class was coming to an end, so was Kary's ability to keep her undies dry. She was sweating profusely and jiggling from side to side frantically. It took everything she had to not ram her hands into her crotch and sprint from the room. Luckily for Kary the bell had rung signaling the end of class and the race was on!

Kary now had to travel down a path the equivalent to about 4 or 5 city blocks to the bathroom. Imagine running (if you call wobbling full speed with yours thighs clinched as tight as humanly possible, running) as fast as you can, carrying text books in total fear of wetting your pants in a foreign country. It was unbearable, and she had to stop multiple time to readjust herself.

Coming around the final turn before the bathroom Kary had to double over and plunge both hands into her crotch. Dropping her books in the process. Kary knew she was going to lose her battle when she noticed a single drop of her urine rolling down the inside of her chocolate brown thigh, then around to the back of her knee and down her calf before landing in her flip flop. "Oh, no" Kary said, starting to tear up. In a last ditch effort to be able to walk home in dry (already slightly see thru shorts) she started sprinting towards the restroom. Stopping just 10 feet from the door realizing it was no use.

Her efforts had crashed and burned. Kary's hands filled with her pee in an instant. She removed them in disgust and just let the inevitable happen. Kary peed in her tiny shorts with a fury. First from a standing, doubled over position where her piss sprayed out behind her and ran down her legs in thick sheets resembling warm, yellow waterfalls. As she descended into a squat Kary hung her head, wanting to cry but instead sighed in relief and said to herself "I'm a big girl, big girls have accidents, but they do not cry about it". So she decided to just push the rest of her urine from her ever so tired bladder. The pee coming out in one solid stream now straight into her now humongous puddle on the sidewalk. She peed like this for another 15 -20 seconds before deciding she was empty.

Kary began her long, wet walk home. When she beached the spot where she had ditched her book she found that it was gone "Shit!" She said loudly. Not only would she have to spend money on a new one, she was hoping to at least cover her panties (now on full display) with it. Now she would have to make the trek completely soaked with only her tiny hands to cover her shame. So Kary decided to not let her embarrassment show and started off home with a little extra sway in her hips. Giving her tight, athletic, and doing wet booty an extra pop that she normally saved for the club scene back home.

Kary managed to make to her dorm without anyone seeing her but there were about a dozen children outside playing and of course the creeper still lingered near by. She thought for sure he would give her a hard time, but he was silent as she walked by swinging her ass confidently, but he was silent. Kary could feel his perverted stare on her backside but could careless as the kids had taken notice of get accident and began to giggle and make fun of her. Sigh. "Oh well", she thought. She was home now and could get out of her piss soaked clothes and into a hot bath.

Just then she realized she didn't have a key! "Oh God, how could I have forgotten my key!" Thank goodness there was a spare hidden in the flower pots in the porch. But which one? She'd have to search for it, and to do that she have to bend over in her transparent shorts. Again she sighed and went to work looking for the spare key. Knowing full well that she was being perved on from behind. Just as she felt the need to cry arise again she felt something with her finger. The key was just out of reach so she had to bend further and stand on her tippy toes, ass in the air to get it. That's when Kary heard a 'click'.

Knowing it had to be the creeper taking her picture, she turned around enraged ready to pounce on the guy. But to her surprise age didn't see the guy but one of the kids that were there (a chubby slightly older one, 12 age thought) holding a cell phone and sporting a very noticeable bulge in his pants. The kid stood there for a second looking Kary in the face with his mouth wide open before turning and making a mad dash out of there. Kary thought about chasing him to retrieve the phone, not wanting to end up on the internet, bit decided against it. Coming to the conclusion that she wad ok with being a young boys 'wet' dream and headed into her dorm with a smile on her face for the first time that day.

