The Bladder Trade

Author: MagicMike123

*000*2015-12-25 18:25

*I am going to bring back Gone Away soon, but I just started this, I hope you guys enjoy. [WARNING] There will be some pain and punishment involved, only a little bit, but if you do not wish to read that, be careful as this is scattered around the story.Enjoy.

The Bladder Trade

Prologue: Welcome to hell.

Pee spurted out of Morgan, she could barely hold it any longer.

“Morgan I swear, I’m putting you on toilet ban if you can’t hold it for fifteen more minutes!”

“Please Master, I can’t hold it, please! PLEASE LET ME GO TO THE BATHROOM!” Morgan pleaded.

“No can do, you are only at 1.5 liters, you need to be able to hold 1.6”

Pee trickled out, Morgan shook. All of a sudden, it happened. Morgan lost control. Pee shot out of her like a water geyser. She was done for. Done for.

“Morgan, I’m sorry to have to do this, but I’m putting you on toilet ban”.

Morgan lost hope. She just need to get to 1.6, and she lost it.

“Morgan, welcome to hell”, Master said laughing.

Chapter 1: Sold.

Morgan was sold in to the bladder trade at age 18, just like most of her type. The bladder trade was exactly fun. It was more like torture, torture that failed to cease. Hell.

Morgan stood on her door step with her small suitcase. It contained the few items that would belong to Morgan during her time as a bladder slave.

Morgan cursed at her mother, as two men were walking up to her door step.

“Mom, you can’t f*cking do this, YOU CAN’T!”

“Morgan honey, you have been a disappointment to our family, what we expected from you was perfect grades, to get in to an Ivy League school, to have respect, discipline. Instead, what you gave us was garbage. Complete and utter garbage. I always loved you Morgan, it’s too bad this has to happen to you, goodbye Morgan, goodbye”.

“NO, YOU CAN’T DO THIS, WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME, WHY!”

The men grabbed Morgan’s arms, Morgan tried to resist, sending a kick to one of the men’s groin. The man collapsed over in pain. The other one shocked Morgan with a small taser. Morgan cried out.

“LET ME GO, NOW, F*CK YOU MOM, F*CK YOU, I HATE YOU!”

The men loaded Morgan in to a suv. Her mom just stared, not quite sure if this was the right thing to do. But why doubt her decision. It used to be to send a bad kid to boarding school, and now putting them in the bladder trade program was the new way to go. Not that Morgan was that much of a bad kid, she just fell in with a bad crowd and got bad grades. Poor girl.

*Sorry these are so short, but I will be posting the next chapter tomorrow.

*002*2015-12-25 20:38

{{: 

I'm gonna bet you my hard drive that the bladder trade is run by becky.

}}

Hmm, I wonder.

*004*2015-12-26 18:17

*Here's chapter 2, enjoy.

Chapter 2: Drive

The year this all started was 2030. When a change in U.S. government completely obliterated women’s rights in its entirety. Women were now treated like slaves. All of them. No matter your race, religion, age, or whatever else differed you from the common people. Some women got off lucky, as if they had the correct ties, they could avoid the bad that could and most likely would happen to the average woman. The bladder trade started in 2031 by a group of twisted people who all had one thing in common. A strong pee fetish. It first started as a small underground type operation, which then as the population grew, thus introducing more hungry fetishists, expanded to an operation so large, that it was no longer uncommon to see a bladder slave dancing about in her chair at a restaurant. Bladder slaves were everywhere. Although, No one could explain the off the charts influx of pee fetishist. No one had, and no one was likely to ever be able to explain it. No one. Ever.

The men forced her in to the back seats of the suv, locking her in a special restraint system, nothing like she had ever before witnessed. Morgan was strapped down tightly, two belts squishing her delicate breasts, going down her body in the shape of an “X”. An additional two belts went under her, coming up through her crotch area, separating out and ending at her shoulders. A tight belt went above her breasts, a second going under them. A metal belt went around her stomach, squeezing it tightly. Belts went across her thighs, and her ankles were belted as well. Her hands were also secured to her sides, propped up. Morgan could barely move. Her breathing was labored, her body strangled by the arrangement. She was given two bottles of water before they departed.

Soon, Morgan felt pressure in her bladder, and she almost released a spurt. Her immediate instinct was to hold herself, but her arms would not budge, as she was brought back in to the reality that she was restrained to the point where she was unable to move. She moaned as her bladder filled up.

“When are we going to arrive? I really have to pee”, Morgan questioned.

“When we arrive you can pee, I suggest you don’t though, you are soon going to find that instead of peeing in the next twenty minutes, it could be ten hours while you are on the verge of wetting. When we get to our destination, you will be allowed to pee, and then fitted”, the man replied.

Fitted? What the hell could that mean?

When they arrived, Morgan was released from her restraints. She almost lost control as she was getting out, leaking. Morgan’s hands were restrained. The men walked her in to the building. Near the entrance, women and men were operating what appeared to be an airport type luggage machine. One of the men she was with carried it, and placed it on the machine. Morgan tried to stop it, but she was held back by one of the men.

“Where is my bag going?” Morgan demanded.

“Don’t worry miss, you will get it back soon”.

She was then screened.

“Miss, I am going to have to ask you to remove your pants and panties”, a short white woman with blonde hair said.

Morgan resisted, she tried to stop the woman, who, with the help of the men transporting Morgan, forced her to take her clothes off.

“Now I am going to ask you to squat and cough”.

Morgan tried once again to resist, only to be shocked by one of the men. Morgan screamed in pain, trying to kick her legs.

Eventually, Morgan did as the woman said, and coughed. One that was over with, Morgan had her clothes put back on, and was taken down a hall way.

She was allowed to pee, but one of the men had to watch her.

“Please leave, I just need to pee, I can’t pee with someone watching me like this”.

“I’m sorry mam, but no can do”, the man responded, continuing to scrutinize Morgan, her pants pulled down, exposing herself.

Morgan soon conjured up the willpower she had, releasing a weak stream that quickly turned in to a torrent. When she was done, the man had to wipe her, refusing to free Morgan’s hands from their tight restraints. When Morgan’s pants were pulled back up, her womanhood still felt damp, as she knew no man was going to complete the job correctly.

Following her trip to the bathroom, she was brought down on an elevator to another room.

When she entered, all she saw was a freak show of desperate women. Each woman was sectioned off in a small see through room, the walls made of bullet proof glass. The woman were all desperate to go, and it appeared as they were being monitored, for a reason unknown to Morgan. She saw several women bouncing around, all appearing to be around Morgan’s age or a year or two older at the most. The first woman she saw was a redhead. She had a tall and skinny build, a build that would easily show a full bladder. The girl danced around, looking like she was on the verge of losing control.

The second was a short blond, also with a skinny frame. She too looked like she was in pain from holding it. All the women were naked except for a chastity type belt that was attached to each of them. The belt was made out of a combination of metal and plastic. It’s metal band went around the private area, and up around the waist, with an additional stretch band going around the bladder area. From Morgan’s observation’s, the belt appeared to serve the purpose of monitoring how much one of the women had in their bladder, possibly reading for maximum capacity?

A woman was sitting at a desk, she appeared to be a nurse.

“Am I giving her normal protocol men?”.

“Yes ma’am”, one of the men replied.

“Alright, honey, just sit in the chair, I am going to administer you some fluids”.

The chair resembled an electric chair, without the head piece. It had almost as many restraints as the car seat she was in earlier. Morgan tried to run. She took off down the hallway towards the exit, her young athletic body able to run much faster than the men she was with. When she thought she could finally get away, avoid being inducted in to the Bladder Trade program, she was stopped. The elevator required a key card to be able to go back up, likely to prevent people like her from escaping. Quickly, one of the men caught up to her, grabbing her, not allowing her to move whatsoever. She tried to break free, but it was of no use.

Morgan was brought back to the chair, the doors she ran out of being locked down. She was forced in to it, the men releasing her hands, only to be locked up again in the chair. Her legs were locked, and her chest was once again restrained, straps going tightly around it. She was helpless again, as she had already been countless times.

Morgan was forced to drink sixteen ounce bottles of water over a twenty minute period, and then was released, and held down by the men while the woman fitted Morgan with a chastity belt. She kicked and tried to scream, while the woman forced it on. She was then stripped of all her clothing, and was then transferred to one of the glass enclosing’s.

The door to the enclosing was locked, and she was trapped. Her chastity belt was tight. It had an opening at the bottom for peeing, with an electric plug you could adjust, and plugs for the anus and vagina. An elastic band with metal pieces went around her bladder area, with a small band above holding everything in place. Next to her was the red head she saw before. The redhead was definitely now going to lose it within the next five or ten minutes. She jumped up and down, bouncing off the walls of her enclosing, trying with all her strength to keep from having an accident.

Morgan tried to call out to her, quickly realizing the enclosing’s were partly sound proofed. Morgan knocked on the wall of her enclosing.

The red head looked at her and mouthed her, “I have to pee so badly, I can’t hold it for much longer”.

Morgan mouthed back to her, “I am already starting to fill up, I had to drink three bottles of water”.

“Me too”, was mouthed to Morgan. From there, it turned in to a full on conversation.

“Where do you think we are going?” Morgan asked.

“I had a friend who was put in to the bladder trade program years ago, when she was set free, she told me after you are inducted, you are flown to a show room, where for days or weeks you can be kept. She was lucky enough to be sold quickly, and sold to a kind master. She told me every day, when new buyers come in, you present yourself on a runway to the buyers. You are kept desperate most of the day, and then pee after you present to the buyers. I’ve heard some stories of women being sold in to a bladder holding service, much like a strip club, in which you dance for hours a day, with a full bladder”.

“Oh my god, that’s crazy!”.

All of a sudden, the red head stood still, bending over. Pee shot out of the bottom of her belt, covering the entire floor of the enclosing. Within a minute, a nurse came in and removed her. Morgan’s bladder had really started to fill up, and Morgan had to cross her legs to hold it. From that point on, Morgan knew just how much shit she was in.

