Wet Morning

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2011-05-02 23:49

This is in fact a mix of real stories squashed together and written as a fiction.

This kinda forced me to use a different style.

No desperation, few descriptions, mostly dialogs.

Part 1

Head down, I entered the kitchen. My mum was making dinner and a pleasant smell of cooked meat and vegetable had filled the room. It wasn't quite enough to cheer me up though, as it wouldn't help me find a good way to tell her what I had to say.

“Good morning!” I started.

“Good afternoon...” She replied, ostensibly looking at the clock.

It was 1:30 PM. I had been sleeping the whole morning.

My head hurts.

“hmmm yeah,... good afternoon.”

“Did you sleep well?” She asked kindly.

Here we are. Come on, I know there's no other way. I can't hide it from her.

“Yes. But I... kind of... wet my bed...” I mumbled with an inaudible voice.

Just tell her straight off, I had told myself, it will make it easier. Now, it didn't make it easier. At least it was done. I was far off.

“What?” Indeed, she didn't understand.

Great!

I gathered what was left of my courage and tried again:

“I had... an accident.” I explained slightly louder.

“An accident? How? Where? When? Are you hurt?” She asked, clearly concerned about me.

She was scanning my body to see if I was wounded or if there was any uncommon sign. Save for my pitiful face, there was none.

“Hmmm no... that's not it... it was in... in my bed.” I admitted, this time making sure she'd hear it clearly.

Come on, mum, don't you get it? I totally soaked my bed with pee, is that so hard to understand?

“What do you mean?” She threw an inquisitive look at me.

No! Please, don't make me repeat this!

“Well... I... I wet the bed...” I articulated shyly but clearly.

“How? Wet the bed? Are you saying that you peed in your sheets?” She questioned, hoping she had misunderstood.

That word... Pee... It sounds so childish. Tears started to gather in my eyes. I'm no crybaby. I don't want to play that game. I took a couple of seconds to swallow them.

“Hmmm... Yes.” Looking at my slippers, I dismissed her hopes.

A long and uneasy silence followed. Clearly, she didn't really know what to think of it. I had never wet my bed since I was seven. How could that suddenly happen while I was almost fifteen?

May be continued...

*002*2011-05-03 15:15

Part 2 (and last)

Not sure if it's very interesting but who knows. It might be relevant to someone's interests.

Finally she gets it. I had done my part. I was biting my lips in shame, waiting for her reaction. She took the time to fully realize what I had just confessed and to carefully build her interrogation.

“Why? How did that happen?” She started

“I... don't know... I woke up and... my bed was... wet.” And not just slightly damp. It was completely soaked, already cold, pee covering almost the entire surface of my sheets. My pyjama had turned to a dirty yellow shade and was sticking to my skin when I woke up.

She frowned in disbelief. She felt something wasn't quite right.

“And you didn't even wake up when you needed to go?” She questioned, starring in my eyes.

Of course, I kept looking down and fighting to hold my tears. How can I explain this? I hoped she wouldn't freak out and take me to the doctor or some other embarrassing thing.

“Well... I... guess I didn't...” I whispered with a guilty voice.

“How so you guess you didn't?” I bit even harder on my lip. What do you want me to say?

“And look at me when I'm talking to you.” She seemed to get a bit upset. That wasn't good. She was usually very understanding and caring but in that situation, she wouldn't let me escape so easily.

“Well... I don't... remember...” I admitted, trying as hard as I could to look in her eyes.

No, tears are coming up again. Please, make this end before I burst.

She slightly shook her head, showing her disappointment. I'm sorry mum, I really am, but don't you think I feel humiliated enough?

“So...” She paused for a couple of seconds ”And by the way, where were you last night?” At least she changed the subject.

“At Dan's birthday party, I told you.” I answered a bit relieved. I hope she won't dig too much into it though.

“Indeed you did, and I told you to be home by 1 AM.” She noticed.

“Yes...”

Ok now, Can I go?

“And at what time were you here?” Her voice started to sound a little bit upset again.

She would really dig into this after all. I don't even know how and when I came home, I wanted to shout and run out of the kitchen but it would have made it even harder later on. I tried to gather myself and face her valiantly.

“Hmmm... Around... half past one... I think...” In truth, I didn't know. I had no freaking idea of when I left the party. I didn't even remember anything after 2 AM but of course, I decided she didn't need to know that. I guessed if I admitted being half an hour late, she would believe me.

“No. It was almost five!” She was starring in my eyes, as if she tried to break in my brain.

I looked away and tried to get my memories together. Five AM? I couldn't believe it but given that I didn't even remember how I got home, it wasn't completely impossible.

Anyway, I thought I had to deny that.

“No way! And how would you know?” I tried.

“You made an awful lot of noise.” I'm screwed!

“I'm... sorry...” I apologized after an eternity.

“And you threw up...” She added, “At least you did that in the toilet.” What??? That must be the reason for this bad taste in my mouth. Whatever I tried, I couldn't reclaim a single bit of memory about it. I didn't even know alcohol could lead me to such a depraved state.

“Did you drink much?” She seemed to read my mind.

“Hmmm, 4 beers... something like that.” Foolish try...

“Tim please, don't think I'm stupid. Now, how much?” Indeed.

“I... I don't know... maybe 6... or 8...” By the disappointed face she displayed, I could tell she still didn't believe me. As I realized how stupid I had been, I felt the unwanted tears well up in my eyes again. I looked down in shame.

“I don't remember...” I finally admitted.

Her disappointment didn't lessen. She closed her eyes for a second, probably thinking about what she'd say. Come on, go ahead, scold me now and let's get this over with. When she opened her eyes again, they seemed to be filled with sadness.

“Sweetie, you have to make your own experiences. I can't always tell you what to do, and there are lots of things you've discovered by yourself.” I wasn't expecting that. It's not that I wanted to be scolded but I had no idea what to reply to that. I didn't need to, as she continued:

“I really care for you and I'd die if anything happened to you. I'm not mad about the bed wetting, but alcohol can do a lot of damage, and you're only 14...” So that's it, I'm still her little baby... My embarrassment changed into anger.

“I'm not a child anymore.” I almost screamed, “I want to have fun with my friends. What's wrong about it? Don't make it such a big deal!”

I immediately regretted I'd said that. I just wet my bed and I ask not to be treated like a child. How ironic... My anger faded out and gave place to an uneasy guilty feeling. Fortunately, she didn't react on that. I was about to burst in tears and it was the last thing I wanted to happen.

“Listen, I know you want to spend time with your friends, and I'm glad you made friends,” She spoke kindly “but don't forget they're at least 3 years older than you. You can't follow them in everything they do.” But I have to! That's how I managed to make friends in the first place.

“If I'm smart enough to be in a senior class,” I noted, “I should be allowed to live like one.” I had skipped three grades in less than ten years, I was a 14 years old senior, and she was very proud of it. I thought I'd play that card to try to put an end to this embarrassing discussion.

“Well, I bet you felt very smart when you woke up... Maybe you could ask your senior friends if they also still wet the bed.”

That hurts.

It was all I could take. Slowly, a tear crawled over my eyelid and made its way down my burning cheek. No please, let me not burst out crying.

“I'm sorry...” I sobbed. What else could I say? I knew I had been foolish to drink that much. I only wanted to appear strong and grown up in front of my friends but in fact I was really a little kid. Tears started to flow freely out of my eyes.

“It's ok sweetie,” My mum comforted me, “Come on, it's not a big deal. And I guess you learned an important lesson.” I nodded. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and hugged me tightly.

Now I'm her little baby again. I didn't care anymore. I was indeed crying like a baby on her shoulder.

The End

*005*2011-05-04 14:04

Thank you, I'm glad you like it.

As for an additional part, I could give it a try, but the discussion with my mum ends here and I can't make it last eternally. I can, however, write about an hypothetical afternoon. This will be pure fiction though.

*006*2011-05-05 09:37

Ok here it is.

Now, what comes next is pure fiction. It's kind of wishful thinking actually.

I had failed.

I wanted to handle this situation in dignity but I didn't manage to settle it any other way than by bursting in tears. This is too easy. I just have to cry and she'll always stop with her scolding and start comforting me. This isn't fair!

I wanted to take responsibility for my actions and face the consequences but despite all my efforts, I didn't manage to hold my tears. I'm really a crybaby.

As my crying ended, I left the comfortable cuddle offered by my mum.

“I'm sorry mum, I'll clean up myself of course.” I assured.

“Well, Ben called, you were supposed to be over at his place at noon to fix his computer.” I kind of remember that.

“Crap, yes I told him I would! But now I've to take care of my mess.” I explained.

“Don't worry sweetie, I'll take care of it.” She replied kindly.

“No please, I have to do it. I'll do it when I come back, it won't be long”

Don't rob me of my responsibilities again!

“Well, as you wish.” She accepted.

“Thank you mum, I love you.” I kissed her.

“Love you too, sweetie.” She returned my kiss.

Let's go then!

Ben was my best friend. He was 18 and lived with his parents and his sister two blocks away from my mum's house. I had started to hang out with him the year before, when I entered 11th grade. I rang at the door.

“Hey Ben”

“Hello Tim, what's up?”

“Hmm, my head hurts...” I complained.

“Yeah I bet. You were quite wasted.” He laughed.

“Hmm...” It wasn't that funny for me.

“And I guess that joint Dan made you smoke didn't help either.”

“I smoked weed?” Why??? I've never been interested.

“And not just a little bit!” He added, “Shhht... Kara's there”

My heart bounced. Kara... The cutest girl on Earth. She was 13 and she shared Ben's room, as their parent's house wasn't very big and there were only two sleeping rooms. Sometimes, she hanged out with us and I enjoyed her company. I'd love to spend more time with her – and without Ben – but I'm so shy I never managed to ask her out.

We entered their room and she was there, fumbling with the covers of her bed. She seems kind of upset.

“Hey Kara, how're you doing?.”

She jumped, looking around in a guilty way.

“Hello... Tim...” She mumbled with strange voice. She's acting weird!

A light perfume I remembered too well was floating in the room. Crumpled on the floor laid her pajama. I noticed a darker shade of blue on some areas of the fabric, as if it had been soaked. This looks too familiar.

“Did you... wet your bed?” I asked too spontaneously.

Crap, why did I just say that?

Kara glanced away in shame while Ben starred at me with dark eyes. I tried to think of something appropriate to say, but my thoughts were too blurry. An uneasy silence followed.

“What a coincidence...” I thought.

What the hell, I wasn't supposed to say that out loud!

“What?” They both asked at the same time.

“Hmm nothing... I mean... I... didn't want to say that... I'm sorry... I...” I'm getting nowhere.

I paused a second to gather my thoughts. Tears started to fill her eyes.

“Aww, don't worry Kara,” I tried to comfort her, “it can happen to anybody.”

“Even to you?” She sobbed. “When was the last time?”

Why does she have to ask that?

“Hmm... actually... I don't remember...” I lied. I'm such a fool!

“See. Ben doesn't wet his bed either, only I do.” She started crying out loud.

“Come on Kara don't cry, it's not a big deal.” I reassured her. How ironic.

I walked up to her and took her in my arms.

She pressed her petite body against mine and let her tears flow on my shoulder while I was patting her hair and neck. I love you Kara.

I wished time had stopped and we'd staid cuddled together for eternity. After a minute, as her crying faded, I felt my arousal increase. Afraid that she'd notice, I gently pushed her away and wiped the tears off her adorable angel's face.

“There there, everything's gonna be alright” I want to kiss her!

“Thank you Tim” She shyly smiled.

I was lost in my thoughts, starring at her oh-so-cute face. I badly wanted to hug her tightly again.

“Hey Tim, you came to check my computer didn't you?” Ben interrupted my daydream.

“Yeah,” I sighed, “let's have a look at this.”

Will be continued soon...

*007*2011-05-06 09:32

Here's the last part.

It kinda makes me want to write more about Kara in the future.

“I go over to Betty's” Kara announced.

No please, don't leave!

I took a last long glance at her. My eyes jumped in awe from her delicious large mouth to her beautiful blue eyes . She had semi-long light-brown hair cut straight at shoulder level. Scanning her slender prepubescent body, I imagined a pair of fine white panties under her short pink skirt and a cute little girl's bra under her lovely, also-pink top. Her thin legs were stuffed into long white socks and purple tennis shoes. I couldn't keep my eyes off her.

“See you.” Ben answered, pulling me out of my shameless contemplation of his sister.

“Hmm... see you...” Please come back soon.

As I started to work on his computer, I tried to get from Ben some information about the night before.

“Ben, I don't remember anything about yesterday after 2AM.” I admitted

“You don't?” He wasn't even surprised.

“Not a single bit...” I added shamefully.

“Aww dude! Well don't worry, I guess you're gonna hear about it.” He said with a grin.

That's not good.

“What did I do?”

Please, not something too embarrassing!

“Well... you drank a dozen beers, smoked quite a lot of weed and... when there was no beer left, you started to attack Dan's parent's bar. You drank half a bottle of 18 years old Whiskey. Dan was quite mad about that.” He informed me.

So, that explains what happened last night... I'll just have to handle this with Dan, it's not a big deal.

“And how did I get back home?” I inquired.

“I dropped you off. But wait, we're not there yet.”

Crap, what have I done?

“What?” Don't tell me I wet something.

“Well, while drinking whiskey, you made out with Sonia.” He stated casually.

Noooo!

Sonia wasn't bad looking, but she was the worst slut I had ever known. She had made out with a majority of the boys in our class, and of other classes also. She never seemed to be single, but every day she was with another guy.

“No way!”

He must be joking.

“I swear you.”

I had promised myself to never try anything with her. Besides, I was mentally unable to chat with a girl, let alone making out with one.

“But... you mean... she chatted me up, right?”

“No!” He exclaimed, “And that's the awesome part: you totally chatted her up. I must admit I was impressed.”

“I... You know... I can't... do that.” I mumbled.

“Well, I thought so too,” He admitted, “but you really did, and you did well. Alcohol has its virtues.” Yeah, I guess she must also have been quite drunk to go out with me...

“Damn, I'm screwed. What am I gonna do when I see her Monday?” I won't ever be able to look in her eyes.

“Don't worry, I guess she'll have found someone else by then.” He half-joked.

Maybe, but still...

“And... is there anything else I should know?” I worried.

“Nothing relevant I think. When I dropped you off, you could barely walk but that's all.”

That didn't surprise me. Now, shall I tell him? He's my best friend. What kind of friend am I if I don't. Given I had, though unintentionally, humiliated his sister and lied to her, the least I could do was telling him about this morning.

A minute of uneasy silence passed.

“Now, why did you ask Kara if she pissed her bed?” He suddenly asked with an accusing voice. “Can't you care for other people's feelings sometimes?”

He caught me off guards.

“I'm sorry.. I don't know... why I said that. I didn't mean to...” And I'm obsessed with pee since I wet my bed last night!

“She likes you, you know?” He added softly, “She really does.”

Stop kidding me!

“You really hurt her feelings”

“I'm sorry, really.” I apologized again “But... How do you know... She... likes me?”

“She talks about you all the time.” He explained, “She keeps saying you're the smartest and nicest guy she knows.”

Really? If that's true... well... I still don't know what to do.

“And? What do you want me to say?” I wondered.

“I don't know... Don't you like her?” Don't ask me something like that! I can't get her off my mind!

“She's nice... but... she's only 13... and...” How should I say that?

“And you're 14...” He reminded me.

“Yes but she's... she... hmm you... I mean...” I blushed. Why am I unable to say such things without losing control?

“You mean she's my sister?”

“Yes.” I mumbled shyly. I'd heard guys didn't want their friends to date their sister and I didn't feel comfortable at all discussing this with him.

“What difference does that make?” He laughed, “If she likes you and you like her, that's none of my business.”

Really? But still...

“Anyway I can't talk to a girl. There's no way I'll be able to ask her out”

I started to be really embarrassed by this conversation. As I felt a need for number 2, I used the opportunity to sneak out of it.

“Gotta go to the bathroom.” I announced.

“You know where it is.” Indeed.

I felt like everything was messed up in my stomach and it was going to take a while but I'll pass on the details.

I was about halfway through when someone tried to open the bathroom door.

“Busy.” And it's gonna take a while.

“Please, hurry!” It was Kara. Already? She didn't stay with Betty very long.

“I'll try but...” Not sure if it will be fast enough...

“Please please, I really need to goooo...” She was knocking on the door.

I pushed hard to get everything out as fast as possible and wiped my butt. Kara was still knocking and pleading at the door.

“I'm almost done.” I told while flushing the toilet. Crap, it had splattered all over the inside of the bowl and the flushing wouldn't wash it properly.

“I can't hold it any longer... Please, hurryyy...” Sorry Kara, I'm doing my best. Hold on just a second.

As I looked for a toilet brush, I realized the horrible smell I had spread in the room. What to do? If I let her enter she'll probably die right off. I finally found the brush and an air freshener and started cleaning the bowl while abundantly spraying the deodorant.

“Just a second, really” I said while putting the brush back in place and flushing one more time.

Come on, Kara, you're almost there, don't lose it now!

“Noooo... Hmm... Please...” She moaned.

I unlocked and opened the door in one fast move.

How could I know she was leaning desperately against the door?

As she fell, I caught her with my right arm and kept her from falling flat on the ground. Her slender body squeezed against mine, her shaking sending a thrilling wave of emotions through my whole body. I could feel her tiny breasts poke gently on my abdomen and her legs were slightly bent on each side of mine, pressing her innocent crotch against my thigh. I'm in heaven...

“Noooo...” She whimpered. Tears were rolling down her red cheeks. I was suddenly pulled out of my ecstasy by a warm and wet feeling slowly trickling down my leg.

Kara... Sorry...

Her desperate look changed to an horrified one as she realized she'd lost control and was releasing her hot pee over my leg, right next to the toilet. She pushed herself away from me and collapsed on her knees, her butt resting on her feet. With a loud hissing sound, the warm golden fluid flowed freely out of her exhausted girlhood, filling her panties and drawing an increasingly large dark spot on her skirt as she pushed her hands in her crotch. The embarrassing liquid trickled from her panties through the back of her skirt, soaking her socks and shoes thoroughly.

Head down, she released a continuous stream of tears falling from her cheeks directly into the growing puddle beneath her. Kara... don't cry...

I was totally motionless, unable to say a word, contemplating the poor girl soaking herself shamefully right in front of me. I was like hypnotized and I didn't really realize I was starring at her like a kind of pervert.

When the hissing sound faded, she was sitting in a huge yellow puddle, her panties, skirt, socks and shoes completely drenched with pee. Even after she finished, she remained shaking and crying her eyes out in her wet mess.

“Kara… I...” don't know what to say.

She looked up at me, stopping a second on the orange-sized patch on my pants. Her embarrassment seemed to grow exponentially as she realized she'd stained my clothes. I wanted to comfort her, take her in my arms and press her soiled little body hard against mine even if that meant getting stained even further.

I did none of that though. When she fully realized what she'd done, she got up and ran to her room without a word and still crying, her feet splashing in the wetness of her shoes at each step she took.

“Kara...” Please, forgive me...

I staid there helpless, playing the scene in my head over and over again. I can't believe this just happened. I felt so bad for her. Tears welled up in my eyes. What do I do now? I couldn't possibly go to her room and face her and Ben. I don't have the choice.

As fast as I could, I ran out of the house and headed home. Once on the street, tears started to escape from my eyes.

I'm a coward. How can I do this to her.

Even if she really liked me, I guess that's not the case anymore.

The end (for now)

*009*2011-05-07 15:56

{{: 

Wow! I hope he sees her wet a few times in her pants (even if it is fiction). It's really cute!

I like this story, and I hope eventually she and Ben decide to chance it.

}}

Maybe I didn't make it clear enough, but Kara is Ben's sister. It's Tim, the narrator, who's in love with Kara.

I noticed I almost never mention the names in the dialogs. I should probably do it as it might be hard to follow the conversation the way it's now.

*012*2011-05-12 13:14

No problem Ishigreensa, I know what it is to try to write when I'm tired (and/or drunk or high).

Anyway I'm glad you like it. I'm working on the next part, which is already pretty clear in my head but I have a hard time putting it to words, I don't know why. If I do it right though, it should be a very cute part.

Also, I'll have to start studying for my exams pretty soon and I won't have a lot of time to spend in writing till end of June. I also have a lot of ideas for other stories, most of which will never be written I guess.

So, I don't know when the next part will be ready, but it's in progress.

