Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 2

Author: omobecca

*021*2019-10-29 17:33

The walls vibrated with the sound of the front door closing. Lula felt the bass of the thump through the bath.

She inhaled sharply and sudden;y. The ferocity of the inhale caused her to snort. She whipped her hand from her trousers and left both hands stunned and frozen above her body. It felt as if her heart was in her stomach as she felt heavy and sick. Lula's body felt shallow and heavy. It felt as if she was drowning.

"Heellloo?!" Her Mum shouts up the stairs again.

Lula felt the tears fill her eyes as she sat paralysed in her position. She felt unusual, guilty and dirty. She was still throbbing from the thrill not six seconds ago and still felt the same but was now also scared. Horny and scared were two feelings she'd never experienced together before.

"Lula?!" she heard again, this time more sternly.

Lula forced herself to snap back to her senses. "H..Hi Mum!" she feebly shouts back.

"Where are you?" her Mum's voice sounded closer as Lula heard her Mum coming up the stars.

"The bathroom...?" she replied cautiously.

"...okay?" her Mum responded, picking up on the awkwardness of her daughter's reply.

Lula was still sat in the tub in a puddle of her cooling pee. She was as stiff as a board. She didn't want to move an inch.

"Are you okay?" her Mum questioned.

Lula knew she was pausing for too long. "...yes". She could still feel a pulse in her wet knickers.

There was a longer pause. The footsteps had stopped.

"What are you doing?" asked her Mum's voice from the other side of the door.

Lula knew the exact facial expression her Mum was pulling. She'd have her hand up to her ear, having pulled back her hair. Eyebrows raised. Eyes wide and scanning her immediate environment. This was her rhetorical question face which she'd always pull when she already knew what was going on. That one sentence from her Mum really scared her. She felt her heart skip a beat. She regained control of her breath and gulped.

"Lula" *knock* *knock* *knock*.

Lula physically jumped up with the first hard knock.

"I'm... I'm trying to get changed and have a bath?"

"A bath?" her Mum asked confused, "you never have a bath after school"

"Yes?" Lula winced and looked hopefully at the bathroom door.

There was a long pause again. Lula's heart was thumping in her chest. She imagined it being so loud that the beat could be heard above the silence.

"I can't hear any water?"

"I'm getting changed?"

"So you're going to run the bath... naked?" She knew her Mum pulled her head back at this point and frowned. She just knew.

"What? Mum! Can I just..?" Lula still hadn't moved. She was still sat in the tub. The throbbing had started to subside. Her excitement was draining as the puddle of pee trickled towards the drain. With that, Lula felt a dribble escape. She scrunched her nose as she felt a unenthusiastic tickle around her waist and the pressure disappear at her crotch. That sucked. Having now lost all tension in her body she slumped back until her back rested against the curve of the end of the bath. The loss of the mood seemed to make her feel careless in that moment.

"I'm joking?" her Mum bit from the other side of the door. Lula heard her Mum sigh as the sound of the exhale weakened as her Mum walked towards her bedroom.

Lula let out a quiet moan as she began to breathe deeply in relief. The tears streamed down her face and dripped form her cheeks to her clothes. Without thinking where her hands had been, she placed both over her mouth to subdue the sound of her crying. A slight bitter taste pinged her lips and the tip of her tongue. It could have been tears of pee, she had no idea. She closed her eyes tight and continued to cry.

After a few seconds she shook her hands and wiped them over her jeans in an attempt to dry them. This obviously didn't work. She knew she had to act quickly now so not to be more suspicious. She squeezed her legs together and felt the soaked denim absorb and release the pee from either leg. She lifted herself out the tub as it creaked with her weight. Pee pattered underneath her as droplets fell off of her. She hopped out of the tub and onto the fluffy bath mat. She could feel the pee still drip from her legs.

Lula turned on the taps and let the water run. The sound of rushing water filled the room and the yellowed puddle started to be washed away down the drain. Lula watched as her dirtiness was cleaned. She took it as a metaphor for her dirty side being washed away by 'normal water'. Why am I not normal? This isn't normal. I'm dirty. Lula had never felt the guilt this bad before. It was obviously due to being caught. That wasn't a risk worth taking, ever again, surely?

Lula felt dirty as she undid her jeans and peeled them away from her skin. It felt like there was a layer of grime down her legs. The jeans were whipped away and felt heavy. Heavy with guilt. They slumped to the floor as she let go of them. That was louder than she had hoped. She pulled off her T Shirt and was once again in wet knickers and her bra in the bathroom. Her once royal blue panties were stained like a clear night blue sky. She knew she was getting in over her head and too confident with her new fetish. Ew. Pee fetish. How disgusting.

What a mix of emotions. The running bath water felt like white noise. Looking at herself in the two tone blue knickers made her feel things again. She remembered the disappointing climax from a few minutes ago. She ran a finger up the centre of the panties right up the middle of her vagina. Mmmmm.

Lula stumbled slightly then turned back to the bath. She sat on the edge; one leg out with her right foot on the fluffy bath mat, and one leg in the tub with the foot submerged by clean, warm water. She began to grind against the side of the bathtub. She felt either side of her labia perch against the hard corner of the solid plastic. There was a creak with every forward motion but was drowned out by the running water. Lula leaned forwards and began to vigorously rub and rotate her finger at the upper most opening of her vagina. She felt the smallest of solid lumps as she dry.. damp humped? the bathtub. Within seconds she jerked forwards and the foot in the bath slipped. She secured her footing by pulling her body to right right and out of the bath. She was stand-squatting over the tub with her mouth wide open. This wasn't like a pee dribble.

She felt a rush of euphoria and pins and needles as she felt a bead of, what she could only compare to, cream pile against her vagina. She let out another moan as the front of her knickers dampened again. What a rush. What a knockout feeling. Her thighs felt like jelly and the pins and needles sensation pricked at her waist, crotch, stomach and legs. She took a very deep breath and exhaled multiple times through her mouth. She could feel a strong tingle in her knickers as she hobbled backwards staring at the ceiling. Fuck. Fuck. FuUuUUCKkkk. Wow. Lula had thought she had climaxed before but never like this. She pulled out her knickers and saw a patch of whitened gel just sitting there. Her eyes widened and she wriggled out of the underwear.

Still buzzing after the steamy hot bath, Lula now knew she had to get back to her room and do something with the clothes. Placing her head to the bathroom door she could hear the radio on in the kitchen and a rather nice smell. She was making her way back to the real world. Smelled like fajitas? Sizzling chicken? Peppers? Mmmm. Food like that wouldn't be unattended. She wrapped a fresh, soft towel around her body, tying it around her chest. It fell below her knees and she was completely exposed underneath. She piled her clothes in her hand and creaked open the door. The smell of food filled her nostrils. She took a deep breathe. The steam from the bathroom disappeared in the colder air of the landing above the stairs. A drip of sweat fell from Lula's forehead. The bathroom really had been hot.

*Pat* *Pat* *Pat* *Pat* *Pat* *Pat* *Pat* *Pat* *Pat*

Lula clambered down the landing towards her room where she closed the door behind her. She took a deep sigh of relief and scrunched her toes into the carpet. I've got away with it? I'm carrying these wet clothes. Uh. A whif of pee now entered Lula's nose with from the jeans in her arms. She dropped all the evidence on the floor in front of her. Luckily, it was Friday. Right beside her was her pile of clothes from er last few days. Having done her own washing a lot recently, for obvious reasons, her Mum wouldn't be suspicious if she put a load on this afternoon. Her heart started to race whenever she considered a worse outcome of the last hour or so. Lula knew she'd have to be A LOT more careful... or just stop doing it altogether?

*025*2019-10-31 20:10

I'm editing this post as you read it. Accidentally clicked submit! >.<

This is a longer and slower chapter. But I'm keeping myself busy tonight!

Lula let the elastic in the waistband of her tights slap against her waist as she pulled them up. She shifted her legs together and ruffled her knee length, black dress. She looked up at herself in the mirror and adjusted the white collars of a school shirt. She swept both braided pigtails over her shoulders. She leaned forwards and rubbed gently at her eyebrows where she'd darkened and thickened them slightly. She held her hands at her front and smiled at her Wednesday Addams attempt.

Lula left the bathroom genuinely happy. Her phone vibrated.

Charlotte has posted in group 'Super Spoopy Party'.

Charlotte: "I have voddy lol"

Beth: "Haha"

Charlotte: ";) x"

Rosie: "Naughty lol"

Lula had never really drunk alcohol before. The last time she did was when Charlotte, again, had supplied some back at Easter. Of course she hadn't told her parents she'd tasted some.

Lula: "Lol"

Lula's friend, Charlotte, was the most sociable and outgoing of the group. She loved Charlotte, she really did, but all the girls knew she used her dirty blonde hair and big breasts to get the attention of anyone she could. Her parents were also quite well off which meant she was always the one to throw a party at her larger than normal house. Spoilt was the word Lula and her friends used behind Charlotte's back which they all felt bad for but they were all friends nonetheless.

It was the Thursday evening of Half Term. It was bitter and brisk outside but the sky was clear. As Lula left her house it was already dark. Young trick or treaters were littering the street with under their parent's supervision. The faint knocking of doors, high pitched "trick of treat!", children laughing, and the odd car were comforting. Lula loved autumn. Lula also liked knowing the streets weren't empty when she was out in the dark.

Rosie: "It's cold hurry up. Just been looked at funny by Pennywise"

Lula: "On my way. Would you like a balloon Georgie?"

Rosie: "Suck my balloon"

Lula got on well with Rosie. They had a similar sense of humour and could talk about almost anything. About 10 minutes later Lula reached the corner Rosie was waiting at. They knew is simply as 'the corner' as it seemed to be the half way point between their two houses.

"Nice. Cute" said Rosie seeing Lula cheerfully walk towards her.

Lula could see why Rosie claimed to be cold. Whilst her Corpse's Bride outfit was spectacular, it started at her breasts and stopped above her knee. She had applied a pale, baby blue colour to her exposed skin which was also slightly glittered. She literally sparkled underneath the street lights as she moved. Her white pencil dress, whilst skimpy, was hugging her skin, had been altered with the addition of extra, ragged, loose material to give the impression she was in a tatty wedding dress. She had sprayed her light brown hair blue which also glittered under light. Her usually delicate lips stood out as they were a pastel purple colour.

They hugged as they approached one another.

Lula sarcastically looked at Rosie's chest and raised her eyebrows.

"I wonder why you're cold?"

"Fuck off" Rosie laughed adjusting her bust, "I BET YOU..." she started, shivering slightly, "Charlotte is a slutty cat!"

Lula giggled.

"Well obviously"

After a short walks a a full conversation, Lula could tell Rosie was acting slightly differently than usual. Somewhat less innocent.

"How much.. vodka do you think Lottie has?" Lula asked,

"Probably shit loads. You her parents let her drink right? Remember last New Years? I've had some anyway"

"You've had some?"

"Yeah" Rosie laughed, "some? more than some?" She pulled a water bottle from her small handbag. It was full of a clear liquid.

"Want some... water?" Rosie asked apprehensively.

"That's not water is it?"

"There might be water in there? It's mainly lemonade and vodka but there MIGHT be water in there" she smirked.

Lula considered for a moment but she wanted to enjoy the night. She opened the bottle and took a sip. The fizz of the lemonade was cancelled out by the burn of the vodka on her tongue. The back of the throat felt coarse as she swallowed. She winced and opened her eyes wide. Lula coughed gently.

"Lightweight" Rosie chuckled, snatching the bottle back.

"How much did you put in there!?" Lula questioned rubbing her neck.

"Fifty fifty?"

"Shit" said Lula surprised.

Lula actually disliked the idea of drinking underage. She disliked more how her friends seem to take it all so lightly. She would get involved but didn't really enjoy it.

"Ugh, wish you hadn't taken so long. Better be no one in her toilet" Rosie exclaimed, bobbing as they walked. Lula's ears pricked up and she took a double breath. She hadn't done anything 'pee related' all week. Not since last Friday and nearly getting caught. Not only had she been too petrified to do anything, her Mum actually worked in another school so was off all week too. She hadn't ad the chance to indulge even if she'd wanted to. The mention of a toilet made Lula feel awkward though. She wanted to avoid the conversation.

"Why wouldn't it be?" Lula asked.

Rosie looked at Lula confused.

"You know she's invited like, loads of people right?"

Lula didn't know this.

"...no?"

"Well shit. Most of our year apparently. Year above. All the boys from year eleven..."

"That why you have your tits out?"

"I think I said it earlier, but... um, fuck you?" Rosie laughed again.

Suddenly Lula was less excited about the party. She thought it was a few select people from her classes and a much smaller event.Trust Charlotte to try and outdo herself.

The outside of Charlotte's house was littered with pumpkins. Charlotte always made an effort. They knocked on the door and waited. The subdued sound of music could be heard back from the road. All of the curtains were closed but you could tell there were flashy lights inside and there were already silhouettes walking past the windows. The front door opened.

"Eeeeeeeeeeee" Charlotte squealed as she jumped form foot to foot. She leapt forwards and hugged both the girls.

"In in in, come in" Charlotte insisted. dragging them both by their hands. "You both look fucking fantastic". It was a genuine compliment. "Shoes here and have fun" Charlotte ordered, posing.

As she bobbed away between people Lula and Rosie looked at each other. They held out for a while but both started to giggle. Charlotte was indeed in a slutty cat costume. She was wearing all black tank top, hot pants, and leggings. She had put on a black hairband with cat ears attached and almost comically applied black eyeliner as whiskers over her cheeks.

Rosie slipped out of her white high heels, finally dropping back down to just below Lula's height, grabbed her crotch then bundled away towards the bathroom. Lula was left in the hallway. She sighed and looked around. She recognised a lot of faces but didn't really know most of the people. She only really wanted to stick with her proper friends. She thought this would be the perfect time to act as her character and maintain a poker face and be blunt to people she didn't know.

A few minutes had passed and Lula was feeling out of her comfort zone. School was different as people were there because they had to be. Here, people were here because they wanted to be and wanted to get drunk and make out. This is why Lula knew she enjoyed the strangeness of her fetish because it only involved herself. No one else had to know. In real life she was quite innocent and not too outgoing. She had never been too interested in growing up too quickly, getting laid, or getting out of it. Of course she'd had crushes and had ran scenarios through her mind of grown up and sexual things, but every kid did that. Right?

Lula was suddenly yanked backwards as she felt a hand tighten around her right arm. She was pulled around into the arms of another person. As Lula#s body made contact with the other person she caught the smell of Beth#s perfume. As Lula pulled away she saw the iconic Daddy's Lil Monster T Shirt. She had done well. Her blonde hair was curled and in twp pigtails, one pink and one blue. Her bright red lipstick matched the striking red of the T Shirt and her hot pants certainly were hot. They just about covered the plumpness of her butt cheeks. She had some worn and torn fishnet tights on and just generally looked the part.

"Hey Puddin'" She joked, cracking a big smile and a wink.

"You look great!" said Lula warmly.

"I know" she replied confidently, making a Harley Quinn style laugh. "Come here" she said, once again pulling Lula by her arm.

Lula was being dragged through a crowd of people she could vaguely identify. She was brought to another group of people who she didn't recognise. They almost jumped to a halt in front of some boys.

"THIS is Lula" exclaimed Beth, letting go of Lula's arm and laying her hands out in presentation of her friend.

Lula stood there stunned. This was her least favourite way of being introduced to people she didn't know. The faces of these unrecognisable males smiled down at her. She felt awkward.

Lula attempted to speak but let out more of a "..Eiigh". It was supposed to be Hi.

Amongst a few deeper voiced Hi's she was grappled and lifted up slightly by some solid arms. This took her completely by surprise. A waft of a fresh but spicy scent clogged her nose. Lula pulled her head back and pushed away slightly. Her hands pressed against a padded but firm chest. She saw the dark blue of a Captain America costume which had all of the padding in the right places to show muscles. She wiped down her dress and looked up a few inches. A man, a boy, stood next to her with the costume mask on too. She had no idea who it was. She was angry. Almost violated.

"I'm Steve" he said.

"Steve fucking Rogers?" Lula snapped back not realising her comment got a few laughs.

"Yes, well no, Steve Bagshaw. But Steve, yes" he replied, not liking the fact Lula had got a laugh out of his name.

She wanted to react further but soon realised she was surrounded by people. She didn't want to make a scene. There were about four other males stood in this group and Beth, knowing I'm not the biggest fan of any heavy public interaction, stood there seeing where this would go.

Steve, still looking annoyed at the laugh against him, tried to get his own back.

"So what have you come as? A virgin nun?" He snorted. The other males chuckled.

Maintaining her composure Lula raised an eyebrow and continued to stare him down.

"This?" She asked, "I'm a homicidal maniac" she tilted her head and smiled, "but they just look like anyone else"

She maintained her eye contact. Beth opened her mouth in surprise. The boys didn't move a muscle. The joke went way over their heads.

"What's your problem?" the obviously tipsy Steve remarked.

"I don't hug" she said. Eyes still on his. He was making this too easy for her. She soon realised the boys weren't getting the references though. Her wit was wasted.

Steve looked over at Beth and shrugged.

"She's fucking weird"

Lula's lost her confidence in that one sentence. She knew she wasn't the most social or the most outgoing but she'd never been insulted to that extent because of it. She felt heavy and wanted to start crying. She wanted to leave. She sniffed and turned around to walk away. She didn't care who he was or what year he was in or even if they actually knew her from school. She was done already. She heard Beth have a go at Steve as she made her way out of the room.

"Lula. Lula!" cried out Beth. "He's a dick but don't be a bitch about it" Lula halted and paused. What the fuck?

Lula turned to face Beth.

"Don't start. A bitch, really?"

"Just open up a bit. Have some fun. They're in the year above. Do you not want to..."

"No. I don't fucking want to" Lula responded bluntly, wound up.

"What's going on?" sounded Charlotte's voice above their own.

"Lula's pissed off Steve"

Lula raised her eyebrows.

"Steve? Why? He's.. Why? Lula!?" Charlotte was shocked. "You were supposed to open up tonight Lule's, here have a drink"

Angry, Lula snatched the cup from Charlotte's hand and downed it. Definitely vodka. She winced slightly. Her throat felt like a flaming cactus for a few seconds. She felt it all the way down.

"If I wanted to play with a cunt I could spend the night by myself" Lula said through gritted teeth. Both of the other girls were taken back at the comment. Little, lovely Lula was getting confident. Charlotte smiled and nodded.

"There she is" Charlotte remarked, knowing Lula had a strong, confident side to her. "You need more drink!"

Lula twitched her nose and turned to Beth.

"He's a dick" Lula was known for her honesty when she was annoyed. She was usually the unbiased glue which held the group together.

Beth paused and looked a bit guilty.

"I didn't know he'd..."

"Don't fall for it" Lula convinced Beth. With that, Beth shrugged and stepped backwards before turning back and rejoining the boys.

Charlotte nudged Lula's shoulder and jolted her head towards the kitchen.

"Come on" she demanded.

Rosie was already in the kitchen with a plastic cup of who knows what.

"I've got a party to host, Rosie. Please make sure Lula doesn't fuck off all the fit boys" Charlotte smiled, stuck her tongue out, and walked away.

"I left you for what, seven minutes?" asked Rosie.

"And in seven minutes I've been grabbed and insulted"

"I grab and insult you?"

"Yeah but you're not a sixteen year old dick"

"I could do with some sixteen year old dick"

"Not you too? Please?" pleaded Lula.

"Lule's, we're at a Halloween party, with drink, with booyyyss" She handed Lula a cup.

Lula sighed.

"And you look cute as fuck. Get out there. Get some?"

Lula lowered her eyebrows and looking into the cup.

"This is green" she stated.

"Sourz. You're meant to shot it"

"This is full" Lula stated again.

"... Yes" Rosie grinned. "Oh, oh oh oh oh guess what"

Lula took a sip and for once didn't wince. It was obviously alcohol but tasted like apple. It wasn't too bad.

"I'd rather be at home?" she joked.

"No" Rosie whispered, pulling Lula closer. "I nearly missed"

"Lula shook her head with another sip.

"Missed what?"

"I almost didn't make it. I wet myself a bit" Rosie giggled. Lula choked. She felt her cheeks go red and warm.

"Wh.. whaa. what? why?" Lula nervously asked.

"What do you mean why? I didn't do it on purpose. There was a line. When I locked the door I was leaking but shhhh" she giggle again.

Lula became probably more embarrassed than Rosie was. She took a big swig of the drink to distract her from thinking about it.

"Okay" She replied.

"What, no insult?" Rosie asked confused.

""No?"

"Weird. Okay" Rosie said, "I hope it dries before, if, you know..." Rosie made a fist and gently pushed it forwards, clenching her lips.

Lula looked at the hand gesture confused. Then she got it. She looked at Rosie plain faced. Rosie smiled and nodded slowly. Lula was desperate to change the topic.

"This is nice" she said, holding the cup in front of her.

"The let's get fuhuhuhucked up?" said Rosie with a high pitched voice. Lula was more comfortable around Rosie.

As they made a few more drinks a male in a Spider-Man onesie edged his way into the kitchen. He looked around and made himself a drink. Lula recognised him from the group of boys hanging around with Beth. He noticed her too.

"Sorry about Steve" he said, pouring a drink.

Lula tried to ignore him. Rosie raised her eyebrows.

"You don't have to be pissed at me too" he said leaning in to the girls.

"Don't touch me then?" Lula snapped.

"I'm not" he said, stood away from the girls.

Rosie nudged Lula's arm. She knew that nudge. It was a 'hint hint' nudge. She nudged back.

"Sorry" replied Lula, letting her defence down slowly.

"I'm going back now... but I won't forget you" he smiled.

"Sorry, wh.. why?" Lula questioned.

"You're too weird" He smiled again. Nodded. Raised his cup to the girls and walked out. He made a Wednesday reference. Huh.

Rosie pulled Lula to look at her.

"DID you see his web shooter?" Rosie said flushed. "Corrrrrr".

"Fuck sake" replied Lula.

About an hour passed of Lula and Rosie enjoying themselves in the kitchen. The novelty was wearing off for Lula though.

"I might go?" Lula claimed.

"You really aren't enjoying it are you?" asked Rosie.

Lula pinched at her nose.

"Not really".

The pair had gone through a few drinks by now. Lula had sneakily moved from alcoholic to just soft drinks.

"I'm going to stay if that's okay with you?" Rosie stated.

Lula wanted to walk home with her but didn't want to take her away from the party.

"It's okay" Lula lied, "I'll speak to you tomorrow?"

The two hugged and Lula made her way to the front door to put her shoes on.

It had gotten colder outside. The breeze was sharp and trees and bushes rustled together. There were still a few people walking round attempting to trick or treat but a lot of the younger children were no longer around. Lula was nervous about walking home alone now but she had no choice. She knew both parents were at home and had started some wine before she'd left. She couldn't get picked up.

She started making her way down the road with her arms crossed trying to keep herself warm. Now she was out of Charlotte's hose and to herself she began to reflect on the events of the last few hours. She also realised the drinks were starting to affect her. She could make it home though, easily. Not long later she heard some faint footsteps behind her.

*Bf* *Bf* *Bf* *Bf* *Bf* *Bf*

"Hey" Lula heard from behind her.

She almost jumped upwards. As she faced the direction of the voice she recognised the Spider-Man onesie.

"Hi?" she replied confused.

He laughed once nervously.

"Do you.. I can walk you home if you want?" He spluttered. "Wasn't that fun to be honest"

Lula was confused and flustered at the same time. She didn't recognise the boy from school but he was cute earlier and apparently understood her Wednesday Addams references.

"Is this awkward?" he asked.

"It's okay" she said quietly. This was still all a shock.

They waled for about a minute saying nothing.

"I'm Thomas. Tom. Year eleven?"

She honestly didn't know a Tom in Year 11.

"I'm Lula" she replied still looking forwards as she walked.

"I know" he laughed. "You got Steve good earlier. He needs knocking down a few steps"

Lula didn't reply. She didn't want to talk about Steve.

"Hmm" Tom sighed. "I can go if you want?"

"You're okay. Just don;t try anything?" Lula demanded. She actually felt slightly safer with someone she sort of knew. At least, she thought, if she was walking with an older boy then people would leave her alone.

"You know when you said I'm too weird?" she asked.

"You're not" he replied, "But I got what you said earlier" Wow. He really did understand her references. AND made his own. Hehe. Cute.

They continued to walk and talk. Lula was feeling more and more pressure in her bladder from all the drinks. He may be cute but he walks reeaallyy slowly.

Every now and then she'd squeeze her legs together and bob on the spot before walking again. She didn't want to look weird in front of Tom. It;s not that she was starting to like him but still. She didn't want to.. Shut up. Stop it.

She knew it was the alcohol in her system telling her this boy was cute. She had always wanted to get to know someone before liking them but her feelings were coming on quite quickly. She was also sure it was a trick. Steve was using his friend to get to her? Right? But he was coming across genuine. They were talking about films and music. They were talking about school and teachers. With every new topic cam a new twinge in Lula's abdomen. She made sure Tom wasn't looking at her and she forcefully rubbed her hand into her crotch over her dress. Mmm.No. Do not. Nope.

The exciting feeling was creeping back into Lula's body. This time however, she was feeling warmer and more flustered then when on her own. Was it because Tom was there too?

They reached the corner where Lula met Rosie not a few hours ago. She stopped at the street sign on the corner and clenched her face and bobbed on the spot.

"You okay?" asked Tom.

"Y... yeah" She replied, "I'm okay to go from here actually"

"Are you sure? I'm okay to..."

"Honestly, I don't want you to know... where... I live?" she said nervously.

He paused.

"I understand" he said. "Well... bye then?"

It was suddenly awkward.

"Thank you" Lula said. She tried to sound convincing. She smiled, despite the bloated sensation in her bladder. "I'll hug you if you want?"

"Okay" he replied, smiling slightly.

They embraced together. She felt the smoothness of the onesie over her hands as she grasped his back. He rubbed his hand up and down hers. This was nice.

"Ooookaayyy" she said quietly, forcing the hug to end by pushing away slightly. Tom reacted and let go.

"Sorry again for earlier" he said. Uh. That was it. You can go now. Lula, knowing she was quite close to home, was getting quite desperate.

"Don't" she said stubbornly. Tom knew he would get nowhere and said bye before walking back the direction they came from. He's got a cute ass in that... No. Stop it.

Lula turned and started the home stretch. She found herself at a loss for breath. Weird. Although, that was the first male embrace she'd had for a while. She was starting to feel as if she was swarmed by butterflies. She needed to pee. She'd had this feeling before? No.. this was new. This was both he sensation of needing to pee and something new. Fuck. Lula wanted to pee. She wanted to release. The interaction with a cute boy was making her feel things. She was getting naturally aroused and this time not just by the pee. That wasn't helping though.

As she walked, Lula gently felt her pussy again and winced, letting out a quiet moan to herself. Christ. I need to get home.

Once at home she was feeling ready to burst. She was flustered. She felt warm. She was excitable. She was slightly tipsy. She was breathing heavily. She could no longer touch herself as the pressure on her bladder was too strong.

"Hi Lula" she heard from the living room.

"H... Hi Mum" she replied back.

"Have fun? You're back early?"

"Wasn't that great" she replied. Lula wanted to sit and talk about what happened but had other things on her mind. "I'm going for a shower"

"Okay" voiced her Mum. Neither of her parents left the living room. Good.

Lula was now making a soft groaning sound. Holding was painful now. Her pussy was tingling. She grabbed some pyjamas from her room and locked herself in the bathroom. Safety. She let out a loud sigh of relief. Within seconds, Lula remembered what Rosie had told her earlier about leaking before getting to the toilet. Lula was desperate herself. She was safe behind the locked door. She was secure at home. She... was peeing. She leapt across the floor and fought with her dress, lifting it above her waist. Fuck it. Fuck. It. She sat straight down on the toilet and heard as the water below was being splattered with fresh, warm pee. Lula clenched her fists around the material of the dress as the pee swamped her black knickers and flowed down the legs of her tights.

She didn't move her legs. She didn't move her hands. She just looked upwards and closed her eyes. She continued to let out a quiet moan to herself. She wanted to touch herself but the dress? Fuck. It. She let go of the dress and it fell onto her lap. She put a hand underneath and felt the outside of the soaking tights. The pee flooded between her fingers and wet her skin. She could feel the loose material of the dress get wet too. Her body was still chilled from being outside but her whole crotch was warm. The flood started to calm down to a dribble. Lula immediately did what seemed natural and did what she needed to do. It took her about five full minutes after finishing to come back to her senses. She had been gently touching herself the whole time with her eyes closed.

The wetness was now thick and cold against her. She stood up and looked at her self in the mirror. In her state of mind all she could think of was pee things. It'd had been nearly a week since she'd done anything and a week's worth of fear and anxiousness was released in a desperate and horny episode. She could see the darker path at the front of her dress where she'd let the material go. If it weren't for that patch however, you wouldn't know that't she'd have wet. She was sat down so only her ass an inner thighs were wet. She lifted the bottom of the dress. Still... wasn't really obvious at all. Certainly wouldn't be in the dark outside. As she lowered her tights and peeled them from her legs she saw the slight difference in her black knickers. A slight glistening patch covered the centre of her underwear where she'd come not too long ago.

She started to feel confident all of a sudden. She'd stood up for herself tonight. She'd had a drink. She'd been honest to her friends. She'd made a new friend? Male friend? She'd wet after last week's close call. Lula felt in control. This was nice. She smiled.

*030*2019-11-02 06:08

They weren't speaking much again. Lula wanted him to but was too nervous herself about picking a topic. The bitterly cold air hugged her legs and blew up her dress. Lula felt like he was looking at her. Every time he tried to peek around to look at him she snapped her vision forwards. He's cute. He's... web shooter? Ugghhh. I have to look. Lula anxiously turned her gaze round to observe Tom's crotch. Was Rosie right? Uh. Lula felt a twinge in her bladder.

As she turned her head to get a good look he faced her. Her eyes widened.

"You okay?" asked Tom.

Lula couldn't bring herself to speak. She felt embarrassed he caught her trying to look at him. As she breathed heavily and brought her vision in front of her, once again, they were back at 'The Corner'. She felt like her abdomen was bruising. The need to pee was building.

She knew this is where they should hug and say goodbye. As she turned to face Tom she gasped. Steve was stood there with his arms out walking towards her. Lula flinched and double took. Steve was now laughing. Her eyes started to well up with tears. She closed her eyes and shook her head.

"Sorry about Steve" said Tom. What the...?

As Tom leaned in to hug Lula, she felt him embrace and squeeze her. This was too much. She let out another gasp and a whimper as she began to pee. Lula could distinctly feel Tom's hug warming her back. She continued to feel the release of pee down her legs. My ass is warm? Is he touching...? Wait. My back?

Lula immediately opened her eyes and found herself in total darkness. Everything was quiet. In the time it took her to get her bearings she was coming to her senses. As she shifted her body she felt her tank top cling to her back and her fleece lined leggings peel from her skin. Fuck. No. No no no no. Fuck.

She squeezed her legs together and sat bolt up right. She started to breath heavily. She flicked on the bedside lamp to her right and looked down on herself. Fuhuhuhck. She started to whimper to herself in panic. She had fully wet the bed.

Quickly looking around her room she saw the pile of clothes she'd worn last night on a heap on the floor. Oh fuck! She remembered that she hadn't even attempted to hide the wet clothes as she saw the tights poking from underneath the dress. She knew she didn't get drunk last night but must have been tipsy enough to get back to her room after the shower, slump the clothes on the floor and fall straight into bed. Luckily, it seemed, her parents hadn't noticed before they'd gone to bed themselves. She grabbed her phone, which she hadn't put on charge, and saw it read 03:44. Fuck fuck fuck fuck.

This hadn't happened since she was at least 8. She was now 15 and sat in a soaking wet bed, panicking. She felt the inside of her legs and rubbed up and down the leggings. She felt the wet material leak over her fingers. She'd woken up literally after finishing. She was suddenly in a conflicting mood. She was scared. She felt guilty, dirty, childish, fearful. However, she felt comfortable, relieved, and strangely sexy. What the fuck. She realised she was in a constant battle with herself about this fetish.

So... No way can I get this cleaned up now without waking Mum and Dad up. Can a towel... no. What about... no. Uhhh fuck. She continued to gently feel around the wetness of the leggings. She used her free hand to pick at the tank top. It was soggy and clinging to the skin of her back. As she peeled it away and let it go the material felt heavy and slapped back against her skin. I can't... There's nothing. Hmm. Did they know I drank last night? I never go to sleep that early. What if I pretend I drank more than I did? Very teenager does it... right? Genuine accident? Play it off? Fuck. This is shit. Mmmmm. No. Fuck fuck. She laid back down and considered her thought process. Just go back to sleep. Try to? It was an accident. I can't do anything now? It'll be fine. They'll be fine. She shifted her butt cheeks in the sogginess of the sheet. Just sleep. Try. Just... whatever. Fuck. Uhhhh. She closed her eyes, still with tears in them.

Lula's eyes snapped back open. It was light. She started to breathe deeply again. Getting her bearings once again she remembered everything. She slammed her hands under the duvet and came into contact with cold, damp fabric. Fuck fuck fuck fuck. I actually did. Fuck. She patted the sheet around her and that too was cold and damp. She grabbed for her phone, which she had still forgotten to put on charge. 08:36. Fuck. She felt a bloat in her bladder. They might be awake. She could feel her heart pounding against her rib cage. I could just... NO. But I could? Like... I already have? She really hated this conflict.

She laid out straight and crossed her feet. She closed her eyes and relaxed. Within seconds she felt the crotch of her leggings flood and the stream of pee spread, once again. down the inside of her legs. The pee pooled around her ass and she could feel it spread down her back. She felt exhilarated. She felt dirty. She felt in control again. In the silence of her room all she could hear was the faint hiss and splosh of pee as she wet. After a while it subsided.

Shit. Do I go tell them? Do I wait for them to notice? Do I try and hide it? Fuck Fuck. Lula knew there was no way out of this one. She attempted to close her eyes and pretend to sleep until found. She was no longer tired. She couldn't get back to sleep. I'll strip the bed. Lula slipped off her bed and pulled the sheet from the mattress. A faint smell of pee filled her nose. There was an obvious, and quite a large, wet patch on the mattress. She didn't even consider that. Fuck.

"Thought I head movement" sounded a muffled voice from outside her door.

Lula froze. She stopped breathing. She felt cold and heavy. Her heart sunk. She spun around as her bedroom door opened and her Mum leaned through.

"M..Mum, I... "

*035*2019-11-04 00:09

Lula's Mum stood in the doorway saying nothing. Lula was adamant the pounding of her heart was heard across the room but everything was silent. Her Mum raised her eyebrows.

"It's okay" her Mum said very calmly. Maybe too calmly. She took a step into the room.

Lula was hesitant to do anything. She stood there shaking. Her leggings were warmer and wetter than they would be if she'd just left herself at the original wetting. Despite her leggings being black she knew her ass would glisten in the light with the fresh wet patch.

"I..." she stared.

"It's okay, give me the sheets" her Mum calmly cut in. She almost forcibly moved towards Lula, stepping over her pile of clothes from the night before. Lula grasped the sheet tightly, still crying. Her Mum pulled the sheet from her. Lula felt helpless and vulnerable. She scrunched the material up into a ball, not mentioning, or maybe not noticing, the fresh wetness of where she had laid. Her Mum looked at the floor and began to pick up other bits of clothes, including her clothes form the party. Lula still stood there, frozen to the spot, sobbing, whilst her Mum's actions dominated the room. Her Mum piled the clothed in the her arms.

"Lula"

"..What?"

"These smell like piss too" she turned to face Lula and lowered her eyebrows, "Why, what's going on?"

Lula's face was red and burning hot. Tears were dripping from her cheeks. Her arms were crossed over her belly as she feebly and awkwardly stood on the spot.

"Are yo okay?" she asked.

"Yes" is all Lula could respond with. Her Mum huffed.

"Get a shower and bring those clothes down after" Her Mum turned and made her way out of Lula's bedroom. Lula began to cry heavily. With her Mum's absence she let out a whimper and carried on crying. This was literal worst case scenario. She'd definitely taken it too far this time. How fucking stupid. Why. Why did I?

With a handful of fresh clothes, Lula didn't even consider changing. She walked, with shame, through the house to the bathroom and locked herself in. She dropped the clothes and wiped her eyes with the palms of her hands. She knew she now had this time to think up a story... a reason why... an excuse. Now in a smaller room, she could smell a faint but distinct aroma of pee. She looked at her body in the mirror and saw a semi-noticeable darker black, wet patch over her ass and between her legs.

The white tank top was see through over her back and left creased where the pee had saturated the material. The tone of her skin could be seen through the soaking top. She put a hand down the leggings and felt the fleece fur wet and clumped together. The material of her soggy knickers also felt creased and cold. She rubbed a finger gently upwards over the underwear and squeezed out a dribble of pee. The warm liquid flowed over her fingers and dripped down her legs into the leggings. Mmm. No. Ugh.

She pulled the hand from her clothes and squeezed again. She felt another dribble of pee escape and re-soak her already re-soaked underwear. She knew she had little to no pee left but might as well get rid of it. She turned and stood in the bathtub. She closed her eyes, clenched her face, and pushed out the remaining pee. She felt as the warmth gently made its way down her legs. It lasted no more than a few seconds. She was empty. Imagine being in bed and Tom wets. NO. A 'guy' wets. What the fuck. Anyone could wet. That'd be hot. He's hot. No.

Undressed and stood looking down under the torrent of clean, hot water she began to think what to tell her Mum. I'll have to tell her we were drinking. That's the best reason. I shouldn't be so it can easily affect me, right? That's better to get told off for. But Charlotte might get told off. My Mum will tell hers. Oh no. But what else? She knows my clothes from the party were peed in. She smelt it. I have to say we were drinking. That's my only way out. I had a few too many. That's definitely better to get told off for. Hmmm. Okay.

Now in her soft, cosy, yellow shorts, a T Shirt, and an oversized hoodie she made her way back to her room with her pile of guilt.

"Clothes!" her Mum shouted from downstairs. The one word stunned her like a stab in the chest.

"I can explain" Lula said quietly as she walked into the kitchen with her wet clothes in her arms.

"Do you need to?" her Mum said, almost rhetorically.

"There..." Lula took a deep breath in, "We had... there was drink at the party. I... didn't think I had that much. I'm sorry"

"Alcohol? At Lottie's party?"her Mum snapped.

"..yes?" Lula said awkwardly.

"And YOU drank alcohol?"

".. sorry?"

"Lula. That's pissed me off more than this"

"Everyone was... I only stayed with Rosie..."

"Rosie drank too? All of you?"

Shit. Didn't want to rat out everyone.

"Mum.. please"

"I'll call Charlotte's parents later. Give me those. You drink once, without me knowing. Your clothes smelled like piss" Her Mum started, nodding her head towards the washing machine at the mention of her clothes from last night, "and then you piss the bed too. Never again, you hear me? You're 15 for Christ's sake" She snapped the wet clothes from Lula's hands and threw them into the washing machine before setting it to run. Lula's eyes welled up again.

"Sorry. I'm just pissed off there was drink there and you had some" her Mum apologised. She leaned in and gave her daughter a hug.

"I'll buy you nappies next time" her Mum attempted to joke, "IF I let you go to another party. I'll be having words with her Mum though"

Lula jumped at the mention of nappies and glared up at her Mum.

"I was joking Lule's"

Charlotte: "You bitch. Your Mum called mine"

Charlotte: "Don't ignore me"

Charlotte has posted in the group 'Awesome Foursome'

Charlotte: "I'll tell everyone then. Guess what everyone Lula told her Mum we drank loads"

Beth: "Wtf"

Chartlotte: "Ikr"

Beth: "Why"

Charlotte: "Lol she pissed the bed that why"

Beth: "Lol wtf"

Lula's heart dropped as she read the messages pop up on her screen. Why would Mum say that? Oh fuck.

IRosie: "We did though tbf? You're parents knew though didn't they"

Charlotte: "Lol yh but the bedwetter made it a problem"

Rosie: "Not fair lotts x"

Lula: "I'm sorry"

Beth: "Lol"

Charlotte: "Bedwetter"

Lula: "Please don't"

Charlotte: "SEE she's not denying it"

Rosie: "Leave it lotts"

Beth: "And pissed off Steve"

Lula: "Don't do that again"

Lula: "You're meant to be my friends"

Charlotte: "Not sure I like snakes"

The word 'snake' tore through Lula's heart. She knew Charlotte could be a bitch, as they'd all had rocky relationships with her over the years, but this was feeling like it would hurt the most.

Rosie: "Don't be a bitch that's not fair"

Charlotte: "Fuck you too then"

Charlotte left the group ' Awesome Foursome'

The chat went quiet. Lula's phone vibrated again but this time it was just from Rosie.

Rosie: "I'm sorry this has happened. Are you okay?"

Lula: "No"

Rosie: "I'm here for you lules. Remember I almost did it last night too!"

Lula: "Not sure if that helps"

Rosie: "xxx"

It wasn't long after before Lula's phone vibrated again.

Charlotte has tagged you in a comment.

WHAT.

THE.

FUCK.

Lula scrambled at her phone screen to open up Facebook.

Hope everyone enjoyed last night. @Lula pissed her bed when she got home. Can't handle her drink

Lula once again felt heavy. She felt empty. She felt betrayed. She started to cry again.

The likes and comments started to flood in. Most were negative but some in support.

Lula: "You can be pissed off but why the fuck did you post that"

Charlotte:: "You can't beat me you know that"

Lula: "I didn't want to I don't want to"

Charlotte: "You're a snake. Always have been. You're a frigid"

With tears rolling down her face, Lula considered whether or not it was worth arguing. She decided it wasn't and left the conversation there.

Lula's phone continued to vibrate from comments and some people trying to message her. She wasn't the first person Charlotte had ever outed or slated on Facebook. Despite suddenly being afraid to tell her Mum what was going on, she saw it as the only way to find out how this had all unfolded.

"I only mentioned it in context"

"But now Charlotte has posted it on Facebook! Everyone knows!" Lula was shouting.

"Well I'm sorry. I can't control what she does online. I'll tell her Mum again and get her to take the post down"

"This is... shit" Lula cried to herself.

"You can have that one" her Mum responded, "I'll try and sort it"

Lula knew more snake comments would come from Charlotte but was starting not to care. She hadn't opened any messages and ad stopped looking at the post. She was starting to feel numb to the realisation that everyone knew what happened. She felt as if her fetish was outed but literally all they knew was about one bedwetting. They couldn't possibly.

After a period of stillness, Lula's phone vibrated just once. She looked at her lock screen.

Tom has added you as a friend.

Lula felt a race of fear and excitement. She unlocked her phone and accepted the request. This was her only activity on the app today.

Tom: "Hey. You okay? x"

Do I respond? He'll think I'm a baby. I've... Charlotte's ruined any chances I had. Chances? What? No.

Lula: "Not really"

Tom: "I don't like Charlotte x"

Tom: "That was a bitchy thing she did x"

Tom: "Sorry it happened x"

Lula: "(o o o)"

She tapped the delete button and got rid of her text. There was nothing she felt she could say. Was he being genuinely nice? Is Steve with him? Is this a trick? She just didn't know.

Tom: "You there? x"

Lula: "Yeah"

Tom: "It's actually shit for you. I mean that x"

Lula: "Yeah"

Tom: "I was sick everywhere on myself when I first drunk lol x"

Lula: "Okay"

Tom: "It's okay btw. The comment is taken down x"

Lula: "Good"

Tom: "I'll try and make sure people don't say shit in school? x"

Lula: "Okay"

For some reason Lula was nervous and flustered messaging him. She realised she was starting to get feelings for Tom but that didn't outweigh the fact she'd only just met him. Her gut instinct was telling her to play cold and hard to get. Her head was playing it careful, seeing what if he was up to something. Her heart, her flustered chest and fast paced heart, were making her thumbs twitch desperate to respond with more than one word sentences.

Tom: "I don't care about it lol x"

Tom: "Not the worst that can happen x"

Lula: "Please stop mentioning it"

Tom: "Sorry. It IS okay though x"

Lula locked her screen and rolled over on her bed. She had since wiped down the mattress, sat for half an hour with a hair dryer to rid the wet patch, and sprayed air freshener over pretty much everything. She was laying there in fresh bedding feeling a bit weird, as if at the scene of a crime. She felt incredibly awkward when her Mum had come in a few times and seen her laying there... where it had happened.

After many hours avoiding social media and messages, keeping occupied by Youtube and Netlix, and her thoughts, Lula was coming down from her almighty sense of embarrassment. She still wouldn't see everyone until Monday back at school. It was only Friday and still Half Term. She was hoping the piss taking would have subsided after the weekend. It was late evening. She was feeling a bit restless having only watched TV for most of the day.

With the TV on in the background, she unlocked her phone once again and finally gave in to reading her messages. Tom was right. The comment was no longer on Charlotte's profile. She checked her messages. It looked like they were supportive. She didn't want to open any. It seemed Charlotte's attempt to belittle Lula hadn't worked as well as she'd hoped. There were a few messaged which looked as if they were starting to take the piss but again, Lula opened none of them. She clicked on the converation she'd had with Tom.

She reread the messages. She clicked on his picture. The Messenger app swapped back to Facebook and opened Tom's profile. Lula started to scroll over his posts before checking out his pictures. He had two dogs, a younger sister, family up north, played for the school's rugby team, and... well, Damn he's cute. He looked the least chavvy out of his group photos with the likes of Steve. He was almost the odd one out? The other boys played football and he didn't. They all posted topless pictures and he didn't. His profile was significantly more respectable than the other boys'. Maybe he was a bit out an outcast in the group?

Lula began to remember her thoughts from the morning and how. even though briefly, she'd wondered what it would be like for Tom to wet himself in bed. Lula's initial reaction to this memory was disgust. Surely no one else she knew would be into pee. Everyone else was normal. She was the weird one there. Little 'frigid' me is the dirtiest.She apprehensively thought to herself. That alone made her feel somewhat confidence. Did she have a secret upper-hand that Charlotte didn't? Of course not, she thought to herself. She was still a virgin. Charlotte... who know's. Probably not. Lula knew she had nothing on Charlotte other than her own self-confidence.

Lula scrolled back up Tom's tagged photos to an action shot of him, muddy from the chest down, ball cradled in his right arm, avoiding a tackle from a larger male in a different coloured shirt. She zoomed in and examined his arms, his legs his... crotch. Can I see his web-shooter? She thought before giggling to herself. The answer was no but she was feeling flustered. She was starting to consider the fact she was building a crush towards Tom. Maybe there was no doubting it, just like there was no doubting she liked pee. She was starting to feel excited and, if anything, quite horny. Fuck sake. Lula realised her forehead had started sweating. She granted the fact she was under her duvet but she was feeling things. Could I do it so soon? Mmmm. Yes. No. No no no. I want to. Yes.

As her vagina began to tingle she felt the ever familiar sensation of a full bladder. She had been ignoring it out of embarrassment but the sudden burst of butterflies in her stomach made her aware of everything she was feeling. She rubbed the outside of her yellow shorts. No. Not in these. Lula foraged under her bed and pulled out the bag in which she hid her white knickers with black and red floral pattern. The whiff of stale pee filled her nose. It was almost striking since they'd been there for that long. Lula didn't care and quickly changed into them, pulling the yellow shorts back up over the top. She pulled the two white toggles tight and felt the pressure on her bladder. She knew this was the last thing she should be doing but was in the moment... in the mood. Lula had not yet found an effective way to counter this feeling and knew that was something she needed to work on. For now though, she was committed. These shorts will smell like the knickers now...

Lula pulled out a new pair of shorts from a drawer and made her way to her new favourite room. She locked the bathroom door. She'd already thought of an excuse for her second shower of the day and that was the fact she still felt dirty from this morning. That'd work. If anything she thought she'd get sympathy from that response.

She pulled off the hoodie and T Shirt and laid down in the bathtub. She hadn't planned on wetting the yellow shorts but considered they'd smell bad now having worn them over her wetting knickers; so, whatever.

She unlocked her phone and propped it against the wall beside some shampoos. The screen was taken up by Tom's rugby photo. Lula wanted to pretend she was still in bed though. As she lay there in the tub topless she shifted onto her right hand side and tried to see the picture. She was in an awkward position. Her left hand was stuck between her legs in her crotch. She realised she couldn't be in the position she wanted and look at his picture. She saw the screen go black as it timed out. She couldn't be bothered to get up now. She lay there in the cold plastic of the tub and started to breath heavily. I shouldn't do this. Not today. I really... She felt the warmth of the pee layer against the material of her knickers, shorts, and hand. Her hand only did so much before it got layered with pee. She felt the cotton shorts soak and a puddle form beneath her.

The pressure of the pee felt sublime against her thumb, which was closest to her crotch outside the shorts. Whilst the puddle spread and grew, Lula swapped hands and began to fondle her right breast with her pee soaked hand. She put her right hand right down her shorts and shifted onto her back, which she felt become damp in the puddle. She was totally aware this was all quite disgusting but was in the moment. She began to slip her middle finger around and inside herself as she played with the stream of pee escaping her.

She could feel her knickers and shorts feel saturated and weighted above her right hand. It didn't take long for her to reach a climax. With her back arched, feet planted firmly in the tub and both knees raised, she felt her skin drip with her pee. This was another new feeling. As she felt herself about to finish off she was startled by a deep vibration sound. Her eyes sprung open as she saw her phone screen lit up. She had a quick look down at herself and saw the outline of her fingers and knuckles underneath the darker yellow material of the shorts. She looked back at the screen.

Tom: "Hey x"

Seeing that message finished her off.

Back in her bedroom she coated her knickers and shorts in many layers of perfume and hid them both away in the bag under her bed. She knew they'd both need to be washed properly soon.

Lula hid back under the covers of her bed and opened her phone, still coming down from the high of the last twenty minutes.

She had missed another message.

Tom: "You okay? x"

*039*2019-11-04 09:52

{{8 hours ago, DaveG said:

This just gets even more perfect. Do you take requests Becca?

}}

Thank you all for the support

I wouldn't be opposed to requests or plot ideas. But if you message them to me so they can remain a secret!

*042*2019-11-06 02:14

It was Sunday night. School was in the morning.

Lula was comfortably snuggled up in bed feeling apprehensive about the next 24 hours. She had restrained speaking about any of it to anyone other than Rosie, but had never instigated a full conversation about it. She tapped her thumbs on her unlocked phone screen.

Lula: "Do you think people will remember?"

Rosie: "Hope not"

Lula: "I'm nervous"

Rosie: "Don't be. Lottie will come round soon and realise she's been a bitch. She usually does"

Lula: "But everyone else"

Rosie: "People forget"

Lula: "Forget what happened last week?"

Rosie: "MAYBE not but don't let it get you down. You can deny it? No one knows really"

Lula: "But they do know"

Rosie: "I did too sort of remember. No one knows about that"

Lula: "Because no one knows anyway?"

Rosie: "No they don't unless you tell them?"

Lula: "I wouldn't obviously"

Rosie: "So I can live in denial about all the times people don't know about"

Lula: "All the times?"

Rosie: "Yep. You're going to question me now aren't you?"

Lula paused for a while. She knew Rosie wouldn't think anything of her questioning. Lula knew she sometimes saw too much into the whole kink side of pee and knew she needed to remember people do talk about pee things without feeling awkward. She was intrigued tough. All the times?

Lula: "Yes obviously"

Rosie: "Haha"

Lula: "All the times?"

Rosie: "Yes. ALL the times"

Lula: "You're avoiding the question"

Rosie: "You've quoted me. Not asked me"

Lula: "Are you going to make me say it?"

Rosie: "Yes"

Lula: "When did you last"

Rosie: "Eat? Sleep? Be specific Lules"

Lula: "I hate you. When did you last pee yourself then?"

Rosie: "I'm counting the one at the party. So then"

Lula: "You're counting? And I know about that one"

Rosie: "You start keeping track when you have a weak bladder"

Lula: "Since when have you had that?"

Rosie: "All the time. You all never needed to know though"

Lula: "Oh. Sorry"

Rosie: "Don't be? I've accepted it. Like you need to accept yours"

Lula: "I've accepted all mine"

Rosie: "You haven't yet. All yours?"

Shit. Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit. Oh fuck. Lula was so engrossed in the conversation she had a lapse of concentration. That once sentence momentarily exposed her.

Rosie: "Still there?"

Lula: "Yeah"

Rosie: "You went quiet when I asked you. Do you have a secret too lol?"

Lula felt her cheeks go red as she started to feel her heart drop once again. Rosie was her best friend in the whole world and trusted her completely but this was getting risky.

Lula: "No lol"

Rosie: "You're terrible at lying EVEN over message"

Rosie: "Tell me tell me tell me. Was it when spiderman walked you home and you both kissed and you soaked yourself?"

Lula: "Wtf no"

Rosie: "Mmmmmmmmhhhmmmmmm"

Lula: "That didn't happen"

Rosie: "MMMMMHMMMMMM"

Lula: "Okay"

Rosie: "Okay what?"

Lula knew she'd dug herself a hole. She figured there was only one way out of it. Maybe admitting one would make Rosie let go. Rosie had admitted having done it more than once. So no issue, right?

Rosie: "Well?????"

Lula: "A few weeks ago remember the really rainy day?"

Rosie: "Go on..."

Lula: "I forgot my house key and was desperate when I got home"

Lula: "I was soaking wet from the rain and cold"

Lula: "My Mum didn't get home for ages after and I was stuck outside in the rain"

Lula: "I didn't have a choice so had to go in my front garden"

Rosie: "You squatted in public!?"

Lula: "No...."

Rosie: "You pissed yourself?"

Lula: "I didn't have a choice"

Rosie: "Lula I did that day too"

Lula stared at her screen in disbelief. Surely she was lying?

Rosie: "Because of my... problem"

Rosie: "By the time I was walking into my back garden to get in I was already leaking a bit"

Rosie: "I hide it well at school but that's why I go a lot between lessons"

Rosie: "Was leaking badly just walking to the back door and couldn't hold anymore so it all came out"

Lula: "You're lying to make me feel better?"

Rosie: "Wish I was"

Lula: "So we both did?"

Rosie: "Sounds like it lol"

Lula: "I must have a weak bladder as well then"

She didn't want to 'steal' Rosie's excuse but it felt like a good idea. Lula's heart was thumping against her rib cage. Rosie was the first person she spoke to any of this about. Whilst it felt nice to get it off her chest and speak to someone she had no idea what would happen with this information. Lula wanted to belive the trust between Rosie and herself was strong enough for them both to know what was being said would go no further.

Rosie: "I know the signs. I don't think you do"

Lula: "Maybe"

Rosie: "No trust me. I'd know if anyone was behaving like they did. You don't you're just... awkward?"

Lula: "Thanks?"

Rosie: "A good awkward though"

Lula: "Have another sarcastic 'thanks'"

Rosie: "You're welcome babes"

Rosie: "What about all your other times then?"

Lula: "There were no other times"

Rosie: "I know about two. You said 'all mine'. You would have said 'both' you're too honest"

Lula: "That's it. You said 'all' first"

Rosie: "I'll own up. Remember two years ago when we had that bbq at Beth's house and had that water balloon fight with her sisters? Didn't use her toilet once after that fight started"

That was two years ago. Rosie had been doing this for years. Who knows how many times and when. Lula remembered that bbq quite well. Beth's Dad cooks up great food. She remembered Beth's younger siblings; Harriet who was two years younger and Violet who was another year younger. They hadn't planned to mess about with water balloons and they all had to be picked up with their parents bringing dry clothes. Lula had no idea Rosie had spent that afternoon wetting herself the whole time.

Lula: "I remember that day. We were there for ages after that fight though"

Rosie: "I know. I think I peed about three times? Once after being hit by the first balloon. Then while hiding then just after the balloons were all gone"

Lula: "I never knew"

Rosie: "I KNOW. None of you knew anything until now. Can you feel better about tomorrow now?"

Rosie literally outed her secret to make Lula feel better. She felt embarrassed for her but grateful at the same time.

Lula: "Thank you you didn't have to"

Rosie: "You've had a shit week and after Lottie I want you to know I've got your back"

Lula started to feel emotional and felt tears well up in her eyes.

Lula: "Thank you"

That was all Lula felt she could respond with.

Rosie: "You don't have to tell me anything else now"

Rosie: "Other than spiderman. You've still told me next to nothing"

Lula: "I think I like him"

Rosie: "Oooooh. Year 11. Get him before he's gone"

Lula: "I don't know though"

Rosie: "You never know until one of you actually says no"

Lula: "Thank you therapist"

Rosie: "I only charge 10 an issue"

Rosie: "You owe me 20 so far"

Lula: "Very funny"

Rosie: "When are you seeing him next?"

Lula: "I'm not? School?"

Rosie: "Boring"

Lula: "It me"

Rosie: "Has he not asked you out?"

Lula: "No"

Rosie: "God. You can't ask him out. Wait for him to ask you"

Lula: "I don't know what I want"

Rosie: "You want him in and around you"

Lula: "I don't know. Also no"

Rosie: "16 next year girly"

Lula: "So?"

Rosie: "That means you can do things without being a whore like Lottie"

Lula: "Lol"

Lula was starting to feel awkward. This was good though. She was feeling awkward over normal things, not just pee things. Opening up to Rosie was becoming a good thing. The fact Rosie seemed to chin it off like any other news made Lula feel like she'd let out so many weeks worth of secrets and emotions. She was adamant Rosie wouldn't tell anyone. Lula at least knew she wouldn't tell anyone about Rosie's case.

Rosie: "I'm going to sleep now. I'll keep your secret if you keep mine"

Lula: "What's my secret? And yes of course I will"

Rosie: "That you wet yourself often or you want to touch his web shooter. I haven't decided yet. Night!"

Lula: "You're unbelievable"

Lula was thankful for that chat. She was feeling relieved but anxious; if anything no less anxious than before. She knew tomorrow would be difficult. Not only did Charlotte expose her wetting her bed on Facebook but she hadn't seen Charlotte since the party. She might still be bitchy about everything. How far was Rosie going to support her before sacrificing a friendship with Charlotte? Was Tom going to speak to her? Would Rosie tell anyone?

Lula plugged her phone onto charge and left it to her side. She shifted and turned to try and get comfortable. As she closed her eyes her mind ran wild with what might happen tomorrow. Her thoughts raced with scenes and conversations that hadn't happened yet, or that wouldn't happen at all. Is Rosie into the same thing as me? No can't be. She just has a weak bladder and she has to manage it. But she spoke about it really easily? She kept it a secret though. So do I? So DID I? She might tell people. She kept her situation a secret. Nah she won't. But Tom know's I did it too. Everyone saw the Facebook post. Everyone knows. They don't know I 'like' it though. They might? They can't. Rosie knows at most but she's guessing. HAS she guessed? Does she know what omo is? She must do. She might not? She might be totally innocent in all this? She admitted it too easily to like it.

Lula scrunched her face and tried to clear her mind. She knew the overarching thing was this though... Her best friend wets herself too. Maybe not for the same reasons but it was comforting to know.

