Anything to Confess? - Page 13

*300*2021-11-03 09:12

Chapter 161

Megan

I can’t believe Anthony got me joining in! I’m meant to be the responsible mature adult too! It’s so nice to be having fun though as despite the water being freezing it’s rather refreshing in the late afternoon sun. Anthony has too good an aim though and by the time Liam finally arrives my entire top is drenched and clinging tight to me and I’m so glad to be wearing my swim suit underneath.

Having not seen Liam in person since Sunday I feel a spark, an energy, a draw between us like magnets attracting each other as I catch how he looks at me longingly and admiringly as my hair drips and my mouth smiles. He’s even more handsome than before and I can’t help but want to suddenly make him just as wet as I am. There’s a sweetness, an enticement, a sort of unexpected foreplay I wasn’t expecting as he holds his hand up in surrender. As I squirt him with cold water my own body warns incredibly as I realise once again just how much I adore him. Running into his arms even in front of my brothers feel natural and inevitable and hugging him makes the world seem so wonderful and amazing. My bleeding is almost over and as I notice exactly where I made him wet with the water play I can’t help but feel that familiar sexual excitement as I whisper to him that it looks like he’s had a bit of an accident.

To be honest I completely forgot that he has no access to a toilet at work and when he tells me he is actually aching to piss my body goes into instant overdrive. But this is my brother’s birthday night and there’s children all around us so I’m just about to tell Liam to use the bathroom upstairs when Rory calls my name urgently. I turn to see one of his friends standing awkwardly with a flushed face and an embarrassed look and responsibility takes over as I instinctively encourage all the boys to use our bathroom before I light the candles on the cake. It’s only when I look back at Liam as the boys all rush in that the impact of what I just said dawns on me. With the boys all using the only bathroom my poor desperate boyfriend now has nowhere to go! Trying to think quickly I decide that by the time we have got Chelsea inside the bathroom ought to be free so if he can just hang on a few more minutes…

I prepare Chelsea to be lifted and Liam comes over with his hands open ready to pick her up. That’s when I am horrified to see how dirty his hands are and I worry touching Chelsea in that condition might cause her to become ill or catch an infection, or even just stain her school uniform. I stay with Chelsea to keep her safe as Anthony once again comes to the rescue and gets Yasmin and her high chair both back in the house. I talk to Chelsea about what’s happening next so she isn’t scared as I explain how Liam will carry her into the house and then we’ll sing happy birthday to Rory.

As Liam returns from washing his hands and leans into the chair with his arms open I notice his face first. He’s almost crying, his forehead creased, his eyes glazed in concentration and his cheeks are bright pink. I knew he needed the toilet but I clearly misjudged badly just how urgent it is. I’m exceedingly glad to be wearing a sanitary towel under my swimsuit still as Liam’s words, and the intimacy in which he says them with his head touching mine, cause me to be so turned on I feel my vagina filling with mucus instantly. But I have to help him. My dad and sister could come home any second and there’s no way I want them to meet him for the first time when he just wet himself. I quickly strap Chelsea back in to keep her safe and suggest to Liam that he pisses by the back stairs. Meanwhile I head back in to keep everyone away from the back door, the kitchen window and to give Liam the necessary time he needs to do his business.

I might be taking photos, playing the dutiful host and keeping everything in order on the outside but between my legs, beneath my shorts, my swimming costume and my sanitary towel my body is on fire, swollen, excited and longing for Liam in every way possible.

I get Rory’s cake out the box, the boys all loving that it’s shaped like an Xbox controller and put ten candles on ready imagining Liam peeing just outside near where I am standing and feeling the effect that thought has on my whole body. Just the sheer thought that he’d been so bursting he couldn’t even make it into the house to my toilet sends shivers up my spine as I decide to finally open the back door to check if he’s ok just at the very time he’s standing there carrying Chelsea in his arms. I quickly pull out another dining chair as he sits on it holding Chelsea securely on his knee as I get Anthony to go get Yasmin as I light the candles and sing to Rory just as I hear my dad and sister’s voices coming into the room at the second word and joining in. Rory’s face is beaming from ear to ear as I tell him to hold off blowing the candles to make a wish giving me just enough time to grab my phone and get photos of him blowing out his candles.

The boys, dad and Theresa head into the living room as I take Yasmin from Anthony and stand beside Liam who still has Chelsea on his knee. Checking everyone else is out the room I lean down and kiss my boyfriend on his lips softly then wink at him and thank him, asking quietly over the noise and excitement of my brother opening gifts next door,

“Did you make it?”

“Just! There’s quite a puddle though.”

“As big as the one I made on your bin bag that day behind chapel?”

Liam’s face goes red and his eyes shine as I notice his gaze drops slightly to my still wet top and my very noticeable cleavage then back to my eyes.

“Possibly. I feel so much better now though. You reckon we should join them?”

I look at Yasmin in my arms and Chelsea on his kneee and smile.

“I reckon we are just perfect as we are, don’t you?”

&&

&&

&&

*301*2021-11-03 14:06

Chapter 162

Liam

I’ve never carried a disabled child before, in fact until meeting Megan I’d never even held a baby. Chelsea can’t control her limbs very well so she doesn’t pull her arms around my neck or wrap her legs around my waist at all so I have to be even more careful lifting her and keeping my balance as I go up the concrete back steps into Megan’s kitchen. It’s a bit overwhelming to see so many people in one kitchen having never had one sibling at home when I was young let alone as many as Megan has. Chelsea also weighs much more than Yasmin so I’m very grateful to get to sit on a dining chair with her on my knee. Chelsea doesn’t appear to be fazed at all by the amount of people and she bounces with excitement on my knee as the singing starts as if Happy Birthday is the most exciting song she’s ever heard.

I’m secretly delighted when everyone except Megan goes into the other room as I can’t take my eyes off her sexy body and beautiful face. The connection between us seems stronger than ever and when her lips touch mine my entire body feels alive and on fire. Her wink makes my penis even more erect as the sexual tension between us only increases as she asks if I made it on time moments earlier when I pissed like a fire hydrant at her back stairs. When she happens to mention the time she peed on a bin bag behind St. Mary’s chapel I feel my penis throb with desire as I look at my Megan longingly, full of need for her despite the fact there’s a crowd next door and two young children in our arms. I can’t stop it though. She’s so unbelievably sexy in just shorts and t-shirt and open toes strapped sandals.

Knowing at any point any one of the people next door could walk in on us just seems to add to the thrill as I wrap an arm securely around Chelsea and reach my other hand out to hold Megan’s hand as I gaze up at her and mouth, ‘I love you.’ Her eyes shine as she mouths the same back as we both hear laughter and excitement next door as Rory has presumably just opened another card or gift. Over the talking I think I hear the doorbell go as Megan leaves having obviously heard it too. She returns with the man I recognise from the council who referred me to the food bank. I now know it’s Chelsea’s dad as she kicks her legs and waves her arms excitedly as she sees him.

“Look at you sweetheart! Have you had a good time today? I see you’ve made a lovely new friend already too. I hope you’ve been good for Megan?”

Megan tells him how she’s been wonderful, even showing him some photos on her phone while I continue to hold the excited girl firmly on my knee. She updates him on what she’s had to eat and drink as he looks around anxiously for his daughter’s chair.

“It’s out the back, sitting in the shade. We’ve not long came in as we were all eating and having fun in the garden. Liam kindly lifted Chelsea in for me. I hope that was ok?”

“Perfectly ok. Oh I forgot to give you this. There’s a card there with a voucher in for your brother too. The other one’s for you. We’re going to miss you aren’t we Chelsea.”

He walks towards me as I hand him his daughter as carefully and gently as I can.

“Thank you for taking such good care of her. We really appreciate it.”

I smile, not sure what I am meant to say, while Megan opens the back door to show him out then follows behind him to say goodbye to Chelsea, handing me Yasmin as she passes. Despite being so much younger Yasmin is actually easier to handle, her little legs stretching as she tries standing on my knees looking right at me. Her little blue eyes shine right into mine as I find myself connecting with her in a way that feels even deeper than before. I never expected to ever bond with a baby, especially one that wasn’t mine, but without a second thought I kiss the young child on the forehead and tell her she’s adorable. Megan returns and comes over towards me as it looks like she’s about to take her sister but instead she reaches for a small plastic bag then rushes back out the back panting,

“Oh, I forgot her party bag. Be right back!”

The back door closes and I’m left sitting holding Yasmin alone again as her little fingers touch my cheek and hair as she stands on my knees supported by my hands on her upper body as I allow her to touch and explore however she’s wants. It feels weird that none of the others next door have noticed that neither Megan nor Yasmin are with them and I wonder if it’s just the excitement of the gifts or if this is normal. It feels strange, whatever the reason.

Hoping Megan doesn’t mind I help myself to some nibbles on the table and a plastic cup of juice. I probably should go home now that Chelsea’s gone but until someone takes the baby I feel stuck. I hear Megan’s voice again, this time calling into the living room.

“Oscar, that’s your mam here to collect you. Hold on and I’ll get your party bag. See you Saturday!”

She races in briefly to pick up another small bag as she smiles at me then turns right back out again. It feels similar to picking up litter on the busy A20 as people come and go all around like traffic as Megan calls another name to say there’s someone here for them too. She doesn’t return to the kitchen this time so I assume she took both boys bags the last time. I briefly wonder what’s in the bags, having never been to a party as a child, but Yasmin distracts me as she pulls my hair and then cuddles into me. I’m starting to feel like I really should go now that it’s just the Murphy family left but just then I hear the familiar ring of a phone as I check my pocket to see if it’s mine.

“Rory! I think it’s for you! Guess who?”

I hear the excitement from next door as Megan returns finally as she must see my puzzled look as she tells me that Theresa and the others arranged for mam to FaceTime Rory from the hospital on his birthday. She goes to take Yasmin off me but the child has other ideas as she clings to me like a little monkey as Megan smiles and drops her arms happily.

“Thank you for all your help Liam. I really appreciate it.”

“I should probably be heading home now. Can I see you again before I leave for England?”

“I hope so. I really don’t want you to go.”

I stand up with the baby in my arms and hold my girlfriend close, feeling her breasts against my body as I wipe her damp cheek with my finger.

“I’ll be back soon. Promise. Don’t you want to go join the FaceTime? Won’t your mum want to see you and Yasmin?”

“It’s Rory she wants to see, and Anthony and Theresa and dad. Yasmin and I just make her sick. I wouldn’t do that to Rory. I’d rather keep his birthday happy for him.”

Megan takes the baby from my arms as I see her moist eyes full of pain and hurt. I don’t know what goes on in her family but whatever it is I hate that it’s hurting the woman and child I love more than anyone or anything else.

*303*2021-11-03 17:18

{{2 hours ago, Manowar said:

Holy cow! He finally understood.... Come one man: rescue her from this cage. Maybe golden one, but it is still a cage!!!

}}

Bless Liam, he’s had so much going on in his own life lately he’s not seen what’s been going on for Megan. Maybe that will change? You’ll have to stay tuned tomorrow to see what happens next…

*305*2021-11-04 12:09

Chapter 163

Megan

I feel ever so alone when first Chelsea, then Liam, leaves. I stand at the living room door holding Yasmin as I hear my mam’s voice over my sister’s iPad as Rory shows off his gifts and tells his mam all about his gifts and playing with the water pistols and nerf guns. It’s like I’m here but not here all at the same time as I hear Anthony telling his mam that tomorrow is a dress down day at school because it’s the last day before the school holidays. Part of me feels suddenly angry hearing this wondering why he’s telling his sick mam in hospital who hasn’t been home for over two weeks now but hasn’t told me, the only one getting up in the mornings to get him and his brother ready, making all their meals, doing homework with them and making their packed lunches. I walk away feeling tears behind my eyes but not wanting anyone in my family to see them.

I fill the kettle with water and switch it on hoping a warm cup of tea will wash away all my woes like some sort of magic. Dad pops his head in the doorway smiling as I paste on my best smile for him hoping he can’t see through it.

“Your mam had to go as they brought her dinner in. I’m going to order the pizzas now so I can get up to see your mam tonight. She put on such a brave face for our Rory but I know it will have broken her heart not to be here on his birthday. You know how much she loves all your birthdays.”

‘Yes’, I think as he walks away, ‘all except mine and maybe Yasmin’s’, though to be fair Yasmin has only ever had one so far. I sigh and make my tea before taking Yasmin outside while my tea cools to tidy the water pistols and nerf guns away in a bucket and bring them in.

Yasmin struggles to chew the pizzas when they finally arrive so I end up making her something else and by the time she’s fed and sorted I end up with just a few cold slices myself. The boys go off to explore all Rory’s new things while dad and Theresa both go to visit man because Theresa is spending the weekend in Belfast at a friends while she flat hunts there before starting her new job. Meanwhile I bath Yasmin, wash and dry her hair, feed her some warm milk and settle her for bed and then peel the boys away from Rory’s gifts to get them ready for bed too. I get them to look out their own clothes for school and put away the clean uniform I’d already looked out. Folding shirts into their drawers I’m tempted to ask why neither of them thought to say about the Easter holidays or the dress down day but I’m too tired to be bothered.

I had planned on making myself a final night cap drink then getting an early night, not even wanting to bore Liam with how my evening turned out, but things once again don’t go to plan. Dad and Theresa get home just as I’m washing the last of the dishes from earlier and boiling the kettle for a last cuppa of the day. Both of them walk straight into the kitchen as dad looks at me anxiously.

“I’m glad you’re still up Meg. I really need to talk to you about something.”

I sit down at the dining table as both dad and Theresa make themselves tea too and then join me. The air is thick as no-one says a word while dad pours boiling water into mugs and adds tea bags, sugar and milk while Theresa sits silently across from me staring right at me. Am I in trouble again? Is mam ok? Finally dad hands Theresa a mug and he sits down beside her, both facing me like I’m on some intensive interview I haven’t prepared for. No-one seems to want to say anything and I’m tired, confused and stressed waiting so I take a deep breath and casually ask how mam was.

“She was better than I expected love. That’s the thing I wanted to talk to you about actually. There’s been talk the last day or two of your mam getting home, I think you knew that?” I nod. “Well tonight when we went one of the nurses came and said someone wanted a word with me. Theresa stayed with mam and I was taken to this room with, who was it Theresa?”

“Mr Henry I think they said his name was. Lead psychiatrist for mam’s ward.”

“That’s it. I’m hopeless with names. Anyway he wanted to talk to me about arrangements for your mam getting home. Something about a discharge package and what he feels needs to be in place.”

“You mean community care?”

“Yes Meg. That sort of thing. Your mam is still high risk at the moment but she’s apparently started talking. You know I don’t like people knowing our business and that but he said that this was vital to her recovery and that so I just nodded. He asked me some questions and I answered them without any idea of what he’d say next. It’s just…well they want to put some conditions on mam getting home. For her safety and everyone else’s if you know what I mean.”

“I think so. Kind of like before with keep all meds out her reach, keep sharp objects locked away, not letting her out alone and that?”

“Yes but this time there’s more conditions given what she did.”

“Go on.”

“Well she’s not allowed to be responsible for anyone else. That one was non negotiable. She can’t be left alone with Rory, or Anthony or…”

“Yasmin?”

“No. Actually they want to go even further, hopefully for just a short time until she’s fully better. She needs undisturbed sleep, no responsibilities, no pressure or stress, as little demands on her as possible .”

“So, what are you saying? You want me to look after Yasmin full-time? What about when I have work? Can she be in the house when man’s here or…what are you actually saying dad?”

“Megan, you know as well as I do that mam’s always struggled with Yasmin. Not really interacting with her, drowning her crying out with the radio, leaving her in that jumperoo thingy.”

“I know all that Theresa! It’s not like I’ve been able to disappear out to work all the time and get away from it all like you, have I? It’s not like I’m blind! You actually have no idea the things I’ve had to put up with here when you’re at work. Neither of you have ANY idea of half of what goes on here! Did you know, Theresa, that when the washing machine broke mam threw everyone’s dirty washing out the front door in bin bags bawling at me in front of the entire street to not come back until it was clean and dry all because she couldn’t find her favourite top? Did you know, dad, that when the health visitor last came mam lied to her saying I worked full time and literally chased me out the house telling the woman I was late for work when I was only trying to go upstairs to the toilet! 

I had to wander the streets without even so much as a a jacket or any money in the cold and rain bursting for the loo until the health visitor had gone. You both heard her shouting at me in the church hall at Anthony’s first communion and saw her take the photo without me or Yasmin in. And at the meal before that when she left me to feed Yasmin then embarrassed me by shouting that I was wasting good money not eating my own meal because it had gone cold. It was me left to walk over a mile home carrying Yasmin and getting the boys back and ready for bed for school the next day while you all ate and drank to your hearts content. So no, you don’t need to tell me how mam can’t parent Yasmin. I’m not bloody stupid, even if I didn’t get grades as good as the rest of you.”

I can feel my face red after my rant as I take a long deep breath and drink some tea.

“Your mam is sick Megan.”

I spit my tea out and look at my dad.

“And you think that’s news to me dad?”

“No. But she can’t help it.”

I stand up furious, holding the table to steady my anger as my voice raises exactly like I hate my own parents doing to me, and which I know I’ll need to go to confession about later but yet I still can’t control myself.

“So how come she’s not like that with everyone else? How come Shaun gets treated like the golden boy, Aisling like she’s the flipping Queen of Sheba, the twins like they are untouchable geniuses, you, Theresa, like your some saint or other, and the boys like princes?

Did you even notice that this house is filled with pictures of everyone on the walls yet there’s not one single photo on any wall of me? Did you dad?”

“Your mam was so ill when you were young. You know that Megan. I’ve explained.”

I calm down, let go of the table, stand up straight and look right at my dad.

“No dad. You justified mam’s abuse that’s what you did. And now you’re justifying what exactly? What are you actually saying about Yasmin, your own daughter. Let’s hear it. Say it out loud now. What are you allowing to happen, even making happen, to your own Down syndrome baby?”

“I said it’s only temporary Megan. Just until your mam gets better.”

“Dad say it!”

“She’d be well looked after Megan. Spoiled even. Then maybe when mam feels ready she might be able to come back.”

“Looked after? Maybe when mam feels better? Might be able to come back? Dad listen to yourself. Are you saying you are putting Yasmin into foster care? Giving her to strangers? Handing her to people she doesn’t know, who don’t know her, don’t know her routines or likes or dislikes, taking her away from her family who adore her and giving her away like a piece of rubbish? I’m sorry dad. I can’t let you do that. I will NOT let you take her away. If getting mam home means Yasmin going then I’m going too. And I’ll take Yasmin with me.”

I go to walk away, adrenaline racing through every vein in my body, my anger controlling me, my love for my sister driving me. I look back at my older sister and dad sitting watching my every move.

“In fact I’m leaving tonight. Either one of you can get the boys to school tomorrow and make their packed lunches and be home for them coming in at 3:15. Tell Rory I’ll be back for his friends coming on Saturday because I’ll use that time to pack the rest of Yasmin’s and my stuff. Mam can come home any time she wants after that because her beautiful innocent special baby won’t be here to upset her and neither will I.”

*306*2021-11-04 16:26

Chapter 164

Liam

Walking back to my flat my heart is heavy. My mind just can’t erase the last image of holding Megan in my arms in her kitchen while she held her baby sister, Yasmin gripping at my shirt tightly and Megan’s cheeks damp.

There was something I can’t put my finger on about the way Megan wrapped her hands around me like she needed me, a young woman usually so independent, so organised and so brilliant with Chelsea and Yasmin and her brothers. Why would she need me? I have this flashback in my mind from the day I met her unexpectedly in the library after walking in on her when she was using the toilet when she bent down to clean my mess up and I joked about being paid to pick up other peoples rubbish and she said something about always doing everything for others and not even being thanked. I remember how that stabbed at my heart so much at the time and I thought she might be in some sort of abusive relationship, even to the point of walking around her estate every night listening for signs of anything untoward happening.

Having been in her family home a couple of times now I can’t shift that sense that something isn’t right. The photos of all her siblings except her? The snippets of things she’s said about her mam, and always having Yasmin, and seeing her outside the church on her brother’s first communion walking up and down the side with the buggy alone. My own mum was far from great, drinking way too often and going through boyfriends like others go through cartons of milk, but she always took photos of me, fed me, and took me to school. I never had siblings but I can’t imagine being left to raise them while my mum stayed in bed or having to cook meals for them and all the other stuff Megan does daily. I thought it was just because her mum was in hospital but now it seems a bit more than that. Something doesn’t feel right but all I can do is be there for Megan and maybe one day she might tell me what’s really going on.

I arrive back in my flat to find mail waiting for me. I open them and place them on the coffee table in the living room while I go to see what’s in for dinner. I stick a meal for one from Lidl in the oven and go for a quick shower while it’s cooking. Despite being incredibly horny earlier seeing Megan in her shirts and t-shirt, her top clinging to her curvaceous breasts and even seeing her erect nipples rather obviously through her top, I am now totally relaxed and flaccid after my warm shower as I sit and eat the rather bland meal wondering constantly how Megan is and if she’s ok. I try texting her but she doesn’t reply. 

I reason with myself that she’s probably busy or hasn’t heard her phone and try watching some TV, but I can’t settle properly at all. I turn the TV off and scroll my phone to purchase ferry tickets for England but then just as I go to click purchase my battery dies and I have to plug my phone in to charge. I sigh in frustration and decide to just head to bed with a book and maybe read some more of that Bible the priest gave me on Sunday.

Stripped down to just my trunks I sit up in bed and reach for the Bible that’s sitting on my bedside table. Taking the bookmark out I once again read that Psalm that the priest prayed with me just days ago. So much of it still feels confusing but it never fails to calm my heart somehow. I read on to the next Psalm, number 24, and then the next, stopping and rereading one line in number 25 over and over.

“Relieve the troubles of my heart and flee me from my anguish.”

I say it out loud as if talking to someone in the room who is invisible thinking so much of my girlfriend and her baby sister who I feel attached to a way that tears at my heart. I’m very much in my own world, caught up fully in what I am reading and thinking of when I jump hearing a loud knock at my door. I go to check the time on my phone realising it’s on charge in my living room still. I check my watch instead seeing that it’s after 11pm. Who on earth is chapping my door at this time of night? I shout out, “Who is it?”, squinting to see out the top glass glazed panel and trying to make out who it might be. I feel a draft coming through the letter box as if whoever it is at my door has lifted it up from outside.

“It’s me, Megan. I’ve got Yasmin with me. Please can we come in?”

I call back that I’ll be right there as I race into the living room, grab my keys from the coffee table and unlock my front door to let them in. Seeing Megan standing there holding her sister, the brightly coloured changing bag over her shoulder and another bag for life stuffed full in her other, the baby bleary eyed and Megan’s eyes puffy, red, and full of tears.

I grab the bags off Megan closing the door behind her.

“Please could we stay the night? I don’t know where else to go.” I drop the bags on the living room floor as I notice Megan has tentatively followed behind me. Throwing my arms around them both I kiss them both on the head and hold them tight just as I did a few hours previously in Megan’s family kitchen.

“Of course you can stay. Both of you. For however long you want. What’s happened honey?”

I take the child from her, removing her coat and seeing she’s only in one of those all over baby things that go from their neck to their feet and pop up the front. She cuddles into me, clearly tired, as Megan’s eyes start to fill again.

“How about I put the kettle on. Let me take your coat Megan. You’re safe here now. It’s all ok. Tea?”

“Yes please”

I throw the baby’s tiny coat and Megan’s pink anorak over the back of my armchair as I carry the baby through to my kitchen, turning the light on and filling the kettle. Megan stands in my kitchen doorway, still in her shorts and t-shirt from earlier, as she starts slowly telling me what’s going on.

“Dad and Theresa came back from seeing mam. Some psychiatrist in the hospital spoke to dad and…oh Liam what have I done? I’m made a huge mistake!”

“Megan, tell me, what did the hospital say to your dad?”

“They’re going to send mam home soon. Something about a package of care and conditions of discharge. One of the conditions of mam getting home is that she hasn’t to be responsible for anyone because she’s still too sick. So she can’t care for Yasmin, or Rory, or even Anthony.”

“But you’re doing that anyway from what I’ve seen. And a brilliant job you’ve been doing too. How you organised all that today I’ll never know.”

“That’s not enough though Liam. Mam hasn’t ever looked after Yasmin properly. All my family know that. Mam would leave her in her bouncy chair for hours when she was born, then after we were given her jumperoo she’d leave her in that all day. Yes she’d feed her, and maybe dress her when she felt up to it, but it wasn’t consistent. You couldn’t trust her. But she was clever. She’d fool everyone into thinking she was fine, put on an act for doctors, the health visitor and at chapel. She’d had 8 other kids and looked after them all well so no-one suspected anything. But it was me looking after Yasmin, me feeding her, changing her, dressing her, bathing her, reading to her, taking her places. Then I got a job and mam tried to kill herself and dad and the psychiatrist at the hospital think Yasmin should go into foster care.”

I hear the kettle click while feeling helpless as my girlfriend stands crying, heavy sobs rolling down her cheeks. She steps forwards and takes her sister out of my hands as I pour boiling water into two mugs for tea and carry them through onto the coffee table. I beckon Megan to sit down with the baby but she pauses.

“Is it ok to change her nappy somewhere? I woke her from her sleep and she’d had milk before I put her down so she’ll be wet. I don’t want her lying in a wet nappy.”

“Of course. The floor ok? I can get a clean towel.”

“That would be great.”

I get a towel and come straight back as I kneel beside Megan and watch as she gently lies the baby down, unpops her clothing and undoes her nappy, rolling it and using the fastener to keep it firmly closed as she fishes in the changing bag for a small bag which she puts the used nappy in and ties it closed. Without having to think she raises the baby’s legs and uses a wipe to freshen her then slides a fresh nappy under her as I watch closely trying to see what she’s doing.

“Will you teach me how to do that honey?”

She looks at me, our faces almost touching as I long to kiss her but wonder if the timing is all wrong. Instead I gently wipe her cheeks with my thumb as I watch her eyes shine with so much care, so much love and determination as her hands still hold the baby’s ankles gently.

“You actually want to change her nappy?”

“Yes. It’s what she needs isn’t it? Megan, I care about you and Yasmin. I promise I’ll help you look after her, if you want. I love you so much. It’s so good to have you here. You stay as long as you want and need ok.”

It must have been the right timing after all as she lets go of the baby’s legs, the fresh nappy still unfastened under the baby as our lips meet like they should have done almost two months previously when we both sat on the floor in a similar way in the library toilet while we cleaned up my accident.

It doesn’t matter now though. Right now as we kiss and I hear Yasmin making contented noises on my living room floor all I know is that my anguish has flown and the troubles of my heart are suddenly relieved. My Megan is with me, her baby sister too, and we get to be together all night long.

*309*2021-11-05 08:58

{{5 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I feel bad for Megan, I would be angry too if my family were to tell me that they were going to put my sister, brother or cousin into the foster care system. also would meg's mother be so heartless as to let Yasmin suffer having to be taken from the sister that has taken care of her and loved for so long?

}}

I would be angry and upset too. I guess mental illness affects people’s rational thought and when it comes to a child who will require life long care when you have had 8 other children already it must be quite a burden to bear. She’s clearly been ill for some years and the pregnancy was unexpected. Perhaps there’s even more to the mum’s story than the reader knows too…

The father naively seems to think it won’t be for long but he’s hardly father of the year either…

*311*2021-11-05 09:08

Chapter 165

Megan

Anger and indignation drive me as I immediately begin collecting essentials on my bed: a packet of nappies, wipes, bottles, bibs, plastic spoons and bowls, some baby grows and clothes for Yasmin, some clothes and clean underwear for me, toiletries, a few toys for the baby, and my clutch bag with my phone and purse. I grab the baby change bag and put the bottles, bibs, spoons and bowls in it on top of all that’s already there and find a bag for life to put the rest in while I call a taxi on my mobile and get a coat for Yasmin. I stand at my bedroom window waiting on the cab not wanting to even so much as look at dad or Theresa downstairs. I long to go next door to say goodbye to Rory and Anthony but it’s almost 11pm and they are both sound asleep and have school tomorrow so I daren’t wake them. The thought I won’t be here when they wake breaks my heart as I stare out into the darkness wondering if I am seriously doing the right thing.

Then something inside me stirs as I watch headlights approaching and hear a horn toot. With the baby change bag over my shoulders I leave the bag for life in the hall, go into mam and dad’s room and lift up Yasmin from her cot, making sure to grab her pink cloth as I put the cloth safe in the changing bag, pick up the bag for life and head downstairs and out to the taxi.

Sitting in the back of the car I look up at my family home, the only house I’ve ever lived in, with the living room light on making it look homely and inviting even though, for me, it’s anything but. I give the driver Liam’s address shaking in fear and cold as Yasmin wakes up in my arms disoriented and confused.

“It’s ok sweetheart. Megan’s got you. You’ll be ok.”

She cuddles in a little and I hold her close, as much for my comfort and reassurance as hers. The closer we get to Liam’s the more I start to panic. What if he’s asleep already and he doesn’t hear the door? What if he won’t let us stay? What if he’s angry with me for what I’ve done? The taxi comes to a stop and I struggle to open my purse and pay him what with the half asleep baby in my arms, the bags and the darkness. I put the change in my purse and get out as best I can. As the taxi drives away I step up Liam’s front steps struggling with my hands full trying to knock the door. I carefully put the bag for life down, balancing it between my legs and the door, as I knock the door loudly hoping my boyfriend is in and still awake. The cold air has woken Yasmin up now as she holds her head up and looks right at me. She startles at the voice shouting, “Who is it?” as I lift the letterbox up and call to Liam to say that it’s me with Yasmin.

I bend down to pick up the bag again just as the door opens. Seeing Liam I can feel the tears in my eyes as the reality of what I’ve just done sinks in. I practically beg him to stay the night as he takes the bags from me and closes the door. It’s only when I step into his living room and he holds me tight as I still hold Yasmin in my arms that I suddenly feel safe, warm and able to process all that has happened in the last hour. It’s like waking from a horrible nightmare where for a while you can’t separate reality from imagination. I close my eyes seeing Rory’s little face in the morning when he wakes to find I’ve gone, the terror on Anthony’s face when he realises the enormity of Yasmin gone too and hearing dad and Theresa telling them that I walked out and left them. I can’t stop sobbing in Liam’s arms as he tells me we can stay as long as we want.

Then he takes the baby from me, removes her jacket and mine, in an action that confirms his words that we are staying, and then he does the one thing I really need and want: he goes to make me a cuppa.

He deserves to know the truth. I owe him that much at least as I start pouring out my heart standing in his kitchen doorway as he holds my baby sister like he’s known her forever while he gets mugs ready for the boiling water. It’s not safe for him to pour a hot kettle with a baby in his arms so I take my sister back but keep talking as I watch him make the most perfect cup of tea; no sugar, a dash of milk and caramel brown in colour. I’m hoping Yasmin might cuddle in while we drink and go back to sleep for the rest of the night but if that’s the case I know I’d better freshen her up first. It’s only then I suddenly realise that I forgot the changing mat in my hurry to leave.

Liam is so understanding, so kind, so accommodating, but I don’t expect him to help with my sister’s personal care. No-one else at home ever did, not even her own mam and dad, so why should my boyfriend who has no blood ties to Yasmin? Yet when I lie her on the floor and start the routine that’s all to familiar to both the baby and myself he kneels beside me watching, genuinely interested and keen to help. Having his body so close, hearing his calm caring voice, looking right at him as he tells me he’s willing to care for my Down syndrome sister and that he loves me is like a bulldozer suddenly demolishing every barrier I’ve built around me my entire life. I get a sudden flashback as I close my eyes, seeing Liam on his knees and our faces just as close as they are now at a time when I never even knew his name but yet I still longed to kiss him. I didn’t do it then but I know I have to now.

Dropping the baby’s ankles gently I turn my head and allow our lips to come together in slow motion, treasuring every moment of love between us as our faces meet and join together as my arms raise and draw Liam closer to me. Kneeling on the floor together we hold each other close as we kiss and hug and treasure just being together in a place where we are finally alone, well apart from my baby sister who is now wide awake and lying happily blowing raspberries to herself on Liam’s towel, a fresh nappy under her still waiting to be fastened.

My knees are sore from kneeling and my back is uncomfortable as I finally let Liam go, look down at the baby and laugh.

“We’ll that’s how not to change a nappy! I don’t make a habit of stopping half way through and doing that. Usually I pull these sides in, undo these tabs here and fasten it like so. Thankfully you are patient eh Yasmin. Right let’s pop you back up missy and try getting you back to sleep. Maybe Liam might have some milk you can have. Will we ask him nicely eh?”

I watch as Liam stands up, admiring his attractive body and enjoying seeing him in nothing but his trunks. He winks at me as I pick up the baby and stand up myself.

“You mean I don’t get a kiss like that every time she needs changed? You’ve disappointed me now. But I reckon I can just about manage some milk. How would my youngest guest like it now? A mug, a tumbler or perhaps her favourite bottle?’

I can’t help smiling, properly smiling. The sort of smile that comes right from your toes to your face.. The sort of smile you can only really have when you feel safe, wanted and loved.

*312*2021-11-05 15:59

Chapter 166

Liam

After I warm some milk for the baby we snuggle down together on the two seater couch just like we did the last time Megan was here, the baby in her arms drinking from the bottle and my arm around Megan. It would be cosy and romantic if it wasn’t for the fact Yasmin is clearly unsettled and crying which is making Megan stressed. Mega then stands up, pacing the room with the baby on her shoulder tapping her back as I sit helplessly watching.

“It’s probably because I woke her up. She’s confused I think. I’m really sorry Liam. You don’t have to stay up though. I’ll just lie on the couch with her tonight.”

I look up at my girlfriend glancing at her tea which is starting to get cold on the coffee table as my own mug is already half empty beside it. There’s absolutely no way I am having my girlfriend sleep on my couch while I sleep alone in a double bed. I swallow the rest of my coffee then stand up and offer to take the baby.

“You are not sleeping on the sofa Megan. You hear me? There’s plenty room in the bed for us all.”

Megan hands me the child, her eyes looking tired and tearful.

“I just don’t know if she’ll settle back to sleep though. She’s so out of routine now and it’s all my fault.”

I hold the crying baby on my shoulder just like I saw Megan do but her crying continues. I’m no expert on children or babies, and if I’m honest I’m way out of my comfort zone, but even I can understand why the poor baby is upset and unsettled. I jiggle her up and down knowing full well it won’t help but not sure what else to do and I call over the noise of the baby.

“Have your tea Megan. It’ll get cold otherwise.”

I watch as she sits alone on the two seater chair and drinks her mug of tea, both hands wrapped around the mug. I glance down at the bags on the floor and suddenly remember something from the last time Megan and the baby were at mine. Over the crying I bend down and unzip the baby change bag, holding the baby one handed on my shoulder as I do so. Right at the top is the pink cloth I recall Megan giving to the baby while I held her on her last visit here. 

I also notice a cardigans of Megan’s on the top of the bag for life and I grab that too. Sitting on the armchair opposite Megan, the coats hanging over the back of the chair behind me, I cuddle the baby into my bear chest, wrapping her in Megan’s cardigan like a blanket and handing her the pink cloth. I pick up her bottle and offer her some but she takes a few sips then turns her face away. Putting the bottle back on the coffee table the crying is getting more like a whimper now as I sit back and get comfortable as I hum quietly to try and comfort her.

I haven’t even finished humming the first line when Megan begins singing quietly the all too familiar words that I remember my mum singing to me as a child.

I listen silently to Megan’s husk, emotional voice singing quietly as I instinctively join in an impromptu lullaby duet.

“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey. You’ll never know, dear, how much I love you, please don’t take my sunshine away.”

I stroke the baby’s face as we sing the same words again, my voice choking back tears myself at unexpected memories of my mum and the incredible beauty of singing to Yasmin with Megan. My love for both the woman in my flat overwhelms me as I watch the baby in my arms change her whole demeanour from stressed and upset to contented and at peace. I’m just about to sing the chorus through again when I pause to listen to Megan as her eyes are closed, a silent tear running down her cheek and her beautiful angelic voice singing softly.

“The other night dear, while I lay sleeping, I dreamt I held you in my arms. When I awake dear, I was mistaken, so I hung my head and cried.”

Megan opens her water filled eyes and looks right into mine as I join her in singing the chorus another twice as I delicately and lovingly stroke the precious little face in my arms. There’s a silence as our singing stops simultaneously as I gaze down adoringly at the sleeping child in my arms then look at her wonderful incredible sister.

“She’s so beautiful, just like her big sister.”

“I love that song. It gives me goose bumps every time I hear it. I always sing it to Yasmin. She really is my sunshine Liam and I can’t let anyone take her away.”

I gaze at the child again then back to Megan.

“I promise you I won’t let that happen. Was your tea ok?”

“Not as hot as I prefer but that was my fault not yours.”

“Have you had dinner?”

“I had a couple of slices of cold pizza after you left mine earlier.”

How about I put the baby down on my bed and we have some toast and tea before bed? You look exhausted sweetheart.

“Thank you.”

*313*2021-11-06 09:24

Chapter 167

Megan

I can’t believe I forgot the cloth and I never even thought to wrap Yasmin up, and then that song! Of all the tunes in the world and he chose that one! How on earth did he know? I’m choked with emotion singing as the words suddenly take on a whole new meaning after the events of the evening. Plus Liam can sing! His voice sends shivers up my spine as I remember him singing the same song outside chapel to my baby sister while he sheltered me from anyone seeing when I peed on a bin bag. I feel a connection with Liam on a whole new level after singing together, like destiny drawing us, puzzle pieces fitting exactly how they were meant to be.

My tea is lukewarm but my throat is dry from the crying and singing so I drink it anyway, but when Liam offers to make a fresh mug and some warm toast I’m thrilled, the few cold pizza slices from earlier now nothing more than a mere memory. I walk with Liam to his bedroom as my heart skips when I see an open Bible lying face down on his bed. I lift it up and put it on the bedside table as I pull the duvet to the side so that Liam can put my sister safely in the centre of the double bed. He kneels over the bed, lying her down carefully between the pillows and lifting my cardigan away as I cover her again with the duvet. Liam hands me my cardigan which I immediately put on feeling chilly now in just my shorts and t-shirt at the late hour. Liam then reaches out for my hand and leads to his kitchen pulling a dining chair out for me like I’m royalty. I sit down gratefully as he reboils the kettle and pops some bread in the toaster while I huddle under my cardigan to get cosy.

The second cup of tea is even better than the original; perfect temperature, perfect strength and just the right amount of milk. The warm buttered toast feels like the supper of a queen as I bite into several slices in between sips of the tea. Liam sits opposite me watching me drinking his tea and sharing the toast. I feel like we should be talking more but instead we look at each other in a tired, thankful state of contentment. As my tea finally finishes I wonder what the time is as the flat is silent and the curtains and blinds all closed.

“What time is it Liam?”

“20 past midnight.”

“You’ve got work tomorrow. I think we’d both be best trying to get some sleep. Is it ok if I get changed into my nighty? I have one in the bag.”

“Of course. You stay here and I’ll get it for you. What colour is it?”

I yawn. “Light blue. Don’t laugh but it’s got teddies on the front. Rory chose it for me for Christmas one year.”

As I watch Liam go next door to the living room I can’t help admiring his body as he bends down to find my nighty in the bag for life. If I wasn’t so physically and emotionally exhausted I could easily spend the night cuddled into his firm chest, strong hips and muscular legs. As I’m watching his bottom wiggle as he digs in the bag in front of him I find myself wriggling on the chair too as a shiver shakes me quite unexpectedly. I’m not just tired and chilly but suddenly I realise that I really need a wee too, the events of the evening having caused such a surge in my adrenaline that it’s only now I am relaxed that I quite suddenly feel it. I wriggle more on the seat thinking that as soon as Liam hands me my nightdress I’ll go to the bathroom to pee and change into it. As if he reads my very thoughts Liam stands up, turns around and shows me my blue nighty with the teddies on.

“This the one?”

“Yes thanks. Is it ok if I go to your bathroom to get changed?”

“You don’t need to do that gorgeous! I’ll help you get ready here if you’d like? I promise I won’t get up to anything. You look so exhausted my sweetie. Let me help you.”

It doesn’t feel right to turn his offer down even if I do really need to pee so I lift my hands like a small toddler while Liam approaches me and pulls my t-shirt up over my head revealing my swimming costume beneath it still from earlier. It must come as a surprise to Liam as he takes a step back to look at my breasts and chest and stomach as I instinctively cross my legs.

“You ok?”

I’m so tired I simply nod even though it’s not entirely true. I’d be much more ok if I could pee! I unclip my shorts and step out of them as Liam puts his hands out to take them as he folds both the t-shirt and shorts and puts them over one of the dining chairs neatly. Feeling even colder than before and really wanting to use Liam’s toilet I move my hand to between my legs as I jiggle about in Liam’s kitchen. Liam turns and looks at me, his eyes shining and his election obvious in just his trunks.

“God Megan, I had no idea you had your swimming costume on under your clothes! You look…incredible! Oh goodness…you are so beautiful!”

I look at him shyly but appreciatively as I squirm more as my urge to pee continues to increase quickly. I can’t wait for Liam to ogle me in my costume or touch me or anything else that might delay me getting my nighty on and getting to the loo so I decide to ask to use the toilet right away.

“Liam…I really need the loo babe. Can I just go quickly if you don’t mind?”

“Oh lovely, of course you can. Phwoar you really do look a million dollars dressed like that you know! Can I…sorry, I know I said I wouldn’t but then I didn’t know you had on your costume and…oh Megan one day I’ll tell you why seeing you like that drives me so crazy! Can I watch you pee though please? I won’t touch you or anything, just watch. It’s like a dream come true for me you see.”

I squirm openly with a hand between my legs. Right now as long as I can pee I don’t really mind who watches me. I nod and start walking towards the bathroom, Liam following and continuing into the bathroom behind me. I turn ready to sit on the loo, contemplating removing my costume to pee but realising if I do I might wet myself, so instead I sit down and I’m just about to pull the gusset of the costume aside to relax when Liam suddenly kneels down in from of the toilet, touches my knee with one hand and then looks right into my desperate eyes.

“Could…would it be ok if…”

“What do you want honey? You’d better be quick because I’m about to burst.”

“Would you pee through your costume for me, let me feel your pee pee as it’s coming out all warm and wet?”

I don’t reply in words but instead I grab Liam’s arm, sliding in between my legs as I sit on the toilet and almost instantly feel my urethra start leaking as I feel a strong firm hand against my crotch. It feels lovely, sexy even, but different to before as not only is there a swimming costume between my crotch and Liam’s hand but a sanitary towel too. I’ve never been with Liam while I’ve worn one but there’s no time to mention it now as my bladder bursts and my vagina pours out urine everywhere, the sanitary towel quickly becoming wet through and pee seeping out between the sides of my costume all over Liam’s hand, his face glowing and blushing as he feels it all close up.

As I pee on I hear him panting quietly,

“Oh fuck this feels amazing!”, as I whisper down into his ear casually.

“And that’s with having a sanitary towel on to soak some up too.”

“Fuck! I think I’m going to cum in my underwear. Oh fuck!”

I finally feel empty and so much more relaxed, though my boyfriend is anything but as he takes his pee soaked hand out from between my legs, stands up in front of me, and pulling his trunks down he openly masterbates himself with his wet hand as I wipe myself then pull out the drenched towel and squeeze it as Liam’s cum explodes into the toilet between my legs mixed with liquid I squeeze out the towel. As we both clean ourselves and wash our hands, and I step out my wet costume, there’s a satisfied silence between us, a feeling of release we both desperately needed even if neither of us realised it until it was almost too late.

I slip on my nighty as Liam takes my hand, switching off the bathroom light as we leave the room.

“I don’t know about you Megan but I’m definitely ready for bed now.”

“Me too. It still ok to sleep in your bed?”

“There’s no other place I’d let you be tonight Megan. Night honey. I love you so much.”

“I love you too.”

*315*2021-11-06 15:31

Chapter 168

Liam

I can’t believe that less than two hours ago I was reading the Bible in my bed about to go to sleep as lying Yasmin on my bed reminds me where I was just a short time ago. It feels like a lifetime ago rather than just a few hours with all that has happened with Megan tonight, though having her and her baby sister here feels like a dream come true.

Megan looks so exhausted, bless her, as she pulls her cardigan on that Yasmin was wrapped in. As soon as we’ve had some toast and tea I intend to get her tucked up in bed right away. It’s obvious she is badly in need of sleep every bit as much as the baby. Sitting beside her in my kitchen I can’t help but just look at her in wonder, her beautiful brown hair that sits just below her shoulders shining as it sits perfectly curled at the bottom, her shapely legs, her curvaceous breasts and body figure, her beautiful natural face. I’m caught up very much in my own fairytale world when she suggests getting changed into her night clothes for bed. Being a gentleman of course I immediately offer to get the nighty for her, hoping she might let me help her get changed just to be able to see a glimpse of her naked body beneath her clothes. I know she’s way too tired for sex but just seeing her will be more than enough.

As I pull her t-shirt over her head I gasp in disbelief at what she has on under it, her fitted swimming costume truly taking my breath away like I’m in a fantasy made up of all my wildest sexy dreams all at once. I desperately long to touch Megan’s body, to feel the nylon material against her skin, to hug her against me, but I respect her too much to expect sex tonight, even though my penis has other ideas, as always. Then when she casually steps out of her shorts as the bottom half of her costume becomes visible my eyes bulge at the wonder of the sight in front of me. As much as woman’s underwear is lovely nothing, to me anyway, beats seeing a natural woman in a one piece swimming costume as my hormones surge even though I’ve made a promise to my girlfriend that I won’t do anything tonight. But fuck do I fancy her! Oh my word do I want her so much! That body is so deliciously alluring and enticing!

And if that wasn’t enough she quite suddenly asks to use my bathroom, standing crossed legged and clutching herself, sending my entire body into overdrive and making it almost impossible for me to resist her. Dare I ask just one thing even though I said I wouldn’t do anything tonight? I have this sudden unexplainable fear that if I don’t act on the opportunity it might never happen again, and this has been a dream of mine ever since I went swimming with friends at 16 and accidentally came in the cubicle afterwards because when I stood in the communal showers I saw a girl around Megan’s age squirming badly and holding herself and telling her friend that if she didn’t hurry washing her hair she’d pee herself.

That had already turned me on so much I’d had to turn to face the wall to hide my erection but then from behind me I heard the other girl whisper to her friend that she’d once had an accident in her costume because she left it too late but that it didn’t matter as she was wet anyway, though it meant her costume was still warm when she wrapped it in the towel to go home. While the girls giggled I had had to race to get into a cubicle urgently as just imagining a warm wet swimming costume that had been peed in in desperation caused me to cum urgently. Just thinking back and now seeing Megan squirming in front of me makes me almost cum in my underwear as I can’t stop myself from asking if I can feel her warm pee coming through her nylon costume.

I am blown away when she takes my arm and willingly indulges me but letting me feel her private area as warm urine gushes out of her quickly. It feels different to how I imagined it might be, like the nylon gusset is somehow absorbing the liquid as more pee escapes out the sides than the centre, but the mystery is solved when Megan quite suddenly shows me that she has a sanitary towel on. On my fucking God! This girl blows my mind every time. 

She has no idea that the thought of her using one of those to pee into has been another dream of mine for years, having sometimes even tried imagining myself how it might feel to have that sort of protection between your legs knowing you could safely leak without any danger of it showing on your clothing and how I have cum many times imagining a very desperate woman thinking she was safe to leak because she had a sanitary towel on only to realise she couldn’t stop after leaking and flooding the towel and her clothes just like Megan has just inadvertently done for me. It’s impossible to stop my body throbbing, my penis growing, my hormones surging as I slide my extremely hard dick out right in front of Megan and stroke just a few times until I cum quickly, gazing at her in lust as she removes the soaked sanitary towel and wrings it out over the toilet, her legs still spread apart and the gusset of her swimming costume much darker than the rest.

I just hope she doesn’t feel I have betrayed her by doing what I did. Sometimes I just feel my body takes over and my self control alludes me, especially when it involves Megan Murphy. I kiss her lightly on the forehead as we wash hands and I quickly pee before we head to bed, Megan finally stepping out her costume and hanging it over the bath as I get her nighty from the kitchen for her to slip on for bed.

Sliding into the double bed, the sleeping baby between us, I snuggle into the fetal position facing away from Megan, the Bible sitting on my bedside table as I feel my eyes closing quickly and sleep overtaking my body. I worry I might roll onto the baby as my last thought before sleep is like a quiet prayer, ‘don’t let me hurt the baby.’

I don’t stir at all for hours as I briefly turn in a dozed state around 4am as I roll over and gaze at the sleeping girls beside me as I drift back into a contented state of rest until I hear my phone alarm waking me on Friday morning for work.

*316*2021-11-07 08:30

Chapter 169

Megan

I’m so tired that even being in a strange bed with my baby sister beside me I fall into a deep sleep quickly, waking only once as I stumble bleary eyed to the bathroom and check Yasmin is ok before getting quickly back to sleep. I wake with a start hearing an unfamiliar alarm as I temporarily forget where I am. Seeing Liam and Yasmin I rub my eyes as I immediately think of my younger brothers and wonder if they are awake yet at home and if they have noticed that I’m not there and neither is their baby sister.

I wonder if dad has stayed home to get them to school, or if Theresa has, and if either of them has made Rory his packed lunch with the things he likes? Anthony most likely might make his own if he saw I hadn’t done it but Rory, being Rory, would take an empty box to school and not even realise until he opened it at lunch time to find nothing in it. I feel a huge weight of guilt on my shoulders as Liam wakes smiling at me like the cat that got the cream. I sit up in the bed cuddling my legs up to me with my arms wrapped around them wondering wether I have made a big mistake and debating returning home in a taxi so that my younger brothers have all they need for school.

“You ok Megan?”

“Just thinking about my brothers.”

“I thought as much. You didn’t leave them alone though did you? Their dad is there, and their older sister too.”

“I know. But dad has work. So does Theresa. They both leave well before the boys leave for school. What if they forget to make the packet lunches? Or Rory goes without a coat? Or Anthony forgets his bag? Or they don’t get breakfast? I should be there for them Liam. They need me.”

Liam walks around to the side of the bed where I’m sitting resting one leg beside me and steadying himself with his other leg on the floor as he wraps an arm around me.

“They’re ten and what? 12? They are not babies Megan. Besides they are not your responsibility. I know you love them, and you look after them both splendidly, but isn’t it time their dad did a bit more? Or your sister helped out more? What about your other siblings? Do you think they are worried about them this morning?”

“They don’t know though! Shaun will go crazy if he hears I ran away with Yasmin. Aisling too! Niamh and Iain might understand but there’s no point telling them is there? They haven’t been home properly in years now and I don’t see either of them coming back now. Iain said he even had a girlfriend and Niamh only comes back for the family stuff she feels she has to. Theresa is on dad’s side too. Besides she’s moving to Belfast now and the boys are finishing school for the Easter holidays today. Oh Liam! Who will look after them now? What if they get taken into care too?”

“Megan, it’s not your job to be mum to them all. They are older. I was letting myself in from school myself at Anthony’s age, making myself a snack until my mum came in if she was working and putting myself to bed when she worked in a pub for years. Loads of kids do it. And their dad is still home. Can’t he rearrange his shifts or something to be in for them a bit more. They are his sons after all.”

We both turn as Yasmin wakes, turning to look at us both smiling.

“Good morning sweetie. Did you have a good sleep in Liam’s big bed then? You are such a big girl sleeping all night aren’t you?”

I lift her onto my knee facing Liam beside me as he carries on giving me a pep talk.

“Yasmin is different. She genuinely needs you and from what you said she isn’t being looked after by her mum or dad. I’ve yet to see either of them so much as hold her, but from what I could hear on FaceTime yesterday Rory and your mum are close and Anthony sounded like he really misses her too. Yet you said she wouldn’t even want to see you or the baby. That isn’t right Megan. Even I know that’s not how it should be. God, my mum was terrible, what with a constant string on men and drinking way too much, and even abandoning me to go live a new life in Spain, but she did come visit me and she did look after me when I was young. She always wanted to see me and she took loads of photos of me growing up. Ok she kept me as secret from her new husband and kid but I was at least grown up by then. I felt so horrible that time in your living room seeing all the photos of your siblings and yet there wasn’t a single one of you.”

I look at Liam and nod. I know deep down that he’s right but the emotional tie to my brothers runs deep and the sense of responsibility is strong. There’s a moment of silence before Liam stands up suddenly.

“Right. I gotta piss babe so I better go get a shower and get ready for work. That’s if you’re sure you are ok for me to go to work? You will be here when I get back, won’t you? You’re not gonna have me come rescue you like some superhero from TV? I haven’t even got a cape you know!”

I laugh, standing Yasmin on her feet on my knee as her legs straighten and she pulls towards Liam.

“Sorry sweetheart. I’ll need to give you a cuddle in a bit. I’m dying for a pee and need a shower but I’ll give you a good hug before I leave ok?”

As Liam grabs his penis over his trunks I wink up at him.

“So do I get a good hug too?”

“Of course! Be back in a bit. You don’t want to see me piss myself…”

He races out the room then pauses just outside the bedroom doorway, tightly gripping his penis and smiling looking back at me.

“Actually maybe you do darling but we can save that for later perhaps?”

He winks then sprints away as I smile at Yasmin and climb out of bed with her. It’s hard not being with my family but exciting too. Maybe I could get used to living with Liam, at least until I work out where else I could possibly go.

*317*2021-11-07 15:19

Chapter 170

Liam

It’s hard to think about my usual work routine while Megan walks around my flat with nothing but a nighty on knowing that she doesn’t even have any knickers on underneath. I always wake horny and despite ejaculating just before bed I could still very easily have sex again this morning, especially when Megan comes behind me while I’m getting dressed and wraps her warm hands around me and tickles me.

I know she’s worried about her brothers but after talking to her first thing she appears to relax a bit more and I hope at least some of what I said has sunk in. I know exactly how it feels to be abandoned by someone you love and trust but what Megan did is so different to what my mum did. She hasn’t left for another country, in fact she hasn’t even left the same town. She hasn’t uprooted her brothers to an entirely different house, having left them in their own home with their own things, and she didn’t leave them alone either as their dad and older sister are perfectly able to care for them. In my eyes she’s more of a hero than a villain, having taken a very brave and difficult decision to leave home in order to protect and care for her baby sister. I just need her to see that, and right now before I leave for work I need her, more than anything else, to promise me that she’ll be here still when I get home and not get second thoughts and go back to her family.

As I put my work coat on and tie my trainers I start to panic.

“You promise to keep in touch all day? Let me know you are both ok? Do you need money for anything? Food? Anything for the baby? Help yourself to anything at all in the flat. Treat it like your home. I’ll be right back as soon as my shift is over. I get dropped back at the council headquarters around 4:30 then I’ll be straight home.”

Megan is standing in my hall holding her baby sister still in just her nighty as it takes all the self control I can muster to not just stay and hold them both and remain home with them. The baby looks right at me as if she’s about to cry.

“Cone here the both of you. I think I can squeeze in time for one last hug.”

Holding them both is unbelievably special and lovely but it makes leaving so difficult as I kiss them both on the top of their heads and have to haul myself away and close the door before I get too emotional. Realising I have my door key in my pocket still I pull up the letterbox to call through, too afraid to open the door and see them again for fear I definitely won’t leave again.

“Here’s the key if you want to go out. I love you both so much.”

I have to jog all the way to the council headquarters to avoid being late and, unusually, I’m the last to arrive as I see the minibus waiting. I head over to be given my instructions for the day with who I am paired with and what route I am on, my mind struggling to get into work mode as I can’t stop thinking of Megan and Yasmin back in my flat. The van driver steps out the minibus and looks at the sheet calling names and giving us the route numbers. I hear Aidan’s name called along with Asif. Ryan is with Jack and I start to wonder who on earth I am with.

I’m rather startled to hear I am with Rodger, only vaguely recalling him from my training days. We’re also being sent somewhere unfamiliar to me as Rodger looks at me sympathetically as I hear ‘Kilcooley Estate’ mentioned. I am beckoned into the van with Rodger as he tells me on route that he’s, unfortunately, very familiar with where we are going, and that it’s a notorious area known for its loyalist allegiance and public disorder. He goes on to say how he’s never been litter picking in the area and he’s not looking forward to it having spent weeks covering for someone since training in the bulky uplifts team.

“We drove round Kilcooley most days. Terrible place for fly tipping and constant uplifts from abandoned properties. Hope you’ve got your wits about you today mate! I hear you’ve got a week off too! Lucky sod! You got wanes at the school then getting the school holidays off?”

I shake my head not even aware that next week is a school holiday. My mind immediately thinks of Megan and her younger brothers. Will she go back to look after them with school off while I am away in England? I text her to say I’m in the Kilcooley estate just as the minibus pulls into a rough looking street and drops us off.

“You got the mobile Rog? Call if there’s any trouble. Take care! See you back here about ten past 4.”

Megan texts me back as I read her reply before putting my mobile in my coat pocket and starting work. Roger was right about his assessment of the area and by lunch time I’ve filled so many bin bags I run out of bags altogether! Rodger is on his final one too so he takes me to the local shop in the estate, which is actually just an old corrugated building at the end of a row of terraced houses, where he purchases some fags, crisps and two cans of Pepsi and a big bag of revels while I wait outside.

“There’s a small park along here. Might be a bench if it’s not been set on fire. I’ll call the van to get us more bags while we have something to eat. Here, it’s too hot no to have a drink.”

I eat my lunch made from home and drink the can Rodger bought me as I text Megan again while we wait for more bin bags to arrive. Rodger is older and very chatty and he eats, smokes and drinks while he tells me about his own ex wife and older kids that he sees most weekends.

“So if you’ve no got wanes or nought whit you doing wi a week aff next week?”

“I’m going back to England for a bit.”

“Really? You quitting like?”

“No. It’s my aunt’s funeral. Got to sort all her stuff out and that. I’m definitely coming back. Too much keeping me here now.”

“A woman?”

I show him a picture of Megan on my phone.

“Nice. Best of luck mate. Hope it works out and that. Just keep an eye on her mate. I used to work away like. Worst thing I ever did. The Mrs got restless and found herself someone else. You think they’re waiting for you and loyal and stuff but behind your back you’ve no idea what’s going on. If you take my advice it’s don’t leave her alone long. They say it’s us men with wandering eyes but honestly the woman are every bit as bad.”

I gaze at Megan photo suddenly scared at the thought of leaving her to go back to England, not just because she might return home and possibly have her baby sister taken away and be left to do everything for everyone again, but the even worse thought that she might find someone else way better than me in my absence.I text to see if she’s ok and she texts back to say she’s just heading on her way to the charity shop to see Mrs Clements and that she went to chapel to pray, but one comment at the end worries me greatly…

‘Wish I’d thought to get Y’s buggy when I left. My arms are breaking carrying her!’

The minibus arrives with bin bags but I have to text Megan back right away.

‘Please don’t go back home for it! We’ll sort something out.’

I take the bin bag as my mobile beeps again.

‘I won’t. Love you. X’

I stick the bags in my coat pocket feeling my wallet there and remembering suddenly that I still have the cash that the priest gave me in the card with the suit on Sunday! As I walk with Rodger back into the estate I casually ask him if he knows when the bank on the high street shuts.

“5:30 I think.”

“Cheers mate. Just need to pop in after work tonight.”

“No worries.”

*318*2021-11-08 13:07

Chapter 171

Megan

Yasmin cries when Liam leaves and I sort of know how she feels. I’m not used to really being alone and I feel lost without the boys to get to school and a sink of dirty dishes to wash. I find myself praying out loud as I carry Yasmin back into Liam’s kitchen to see what I can find for our breakfasts.

“God please let someone look after Rory and Anthony to make sure they have breakfast and have lunches for school. Please keep them safe and somehow let them know I love them so much. “

Yasmin looks at me at the mention of her brother’s names perhaps wondering where they are. She’s still grizzly from Liam leaving as I struggle holding her while looking in the fridge and cupboards for something to eat. I go into the changing bag and dig out Yasmin’s bowls and plastic spoons really missing the high chair to safely put Yasmin in. I find a plastic jug, a cereal bowl and some milk and finally find a packet of Lidl own brand weetabix. I warm the milk and pour it over the weetabix, mushing it up until it’s soft enough for Yasmin to manage. Sitting at the dining table with Yasmin on my knee I share the weetabix with her and have a glass of fresh fruit juice too.

I dig out some wipes from the baby change bag and wipe Yasmin up before heading with her to the bathroom to figure out how I get us both washed without the baby bath seat from home or anyone else to look after Yasmin while I shower. I opt for running a bath and climb in with Yasmin, choosing not to wash my hair as I need my hands to keep my baby sister safe. I dry and wrap my sister in a towel and lie her on the floor on the bath mat while I quickly dry myself. I hang the towel on the towel rail beside my swimming costume from the night before as I pick up the wrapped baby and hold her to my naked body as I head to find us some clothes in the warm living room.

Lying the baby on the towel, which is still on the floor from when I changed her nappy the night before, I get a clean nappy from the baby change bag and tip out the bag for life to find some clothes for Yasmin too. I choose a warm corduroy burgundy dress with a cream long sleeved top and pattered cream tights to match. Struggling to get them on I notice the tags say 9-12 months and I sigh.

“Oh Yasmin. I think you need some new clothes beautiful. These are getting too small for you aren’t they. I don’t even think you have anything bigger at home. Maybe we can have a wee wander later in the heart foundation shop and see if there’s anything. Mrs Clements would love to see you and that might get us out a walk. What do you think?”

Of course she just looks at me with her dark green eyes and gurgles as I stand her up to pull up the tights that now only just fit. I then lie her back down and get dressed myself, slipping on some underwear, a midi skirt and a t-shirt. I rummage in the kitchen and find a plastic bag and round up the dirty washing from the bathroom, including my costume from last night, and put the bag neatly by the wall. I then start repacking the bag for life again to keep everything together. I’m not sure yet how long we’re staying and I can’t afford to lose anything. Packing the bag of nappies, clothes, packets of wet wipes, and other odds and ends back into the bag I come across my Bible and rosary beads. I pause, feeling them and looking at them as I suddenly have a very strong urge to go to chapel and pray.

Stacking everything away while the baby is safely on the floor rolling around and playing with her own feet I think I hear my mobile in my anorak pocket, which is still hanging over the armchair where Liam left it. It is my phone but it’s only Liam telling me he’s working in a notorious area of town today that I always avoid. I text him back to be careful before looking back in the bag for my phone charger. I plug the phone in to charge then turn the TV on for a bit to amuse Yasmin. Yasmin crawls around exploring for a bit and tries to pull herself up using the coffee table like she did the last time she was here while I have a cuppa then get our coats on and I take a walk to St. Mary’s chapel.

The walk feels so much longer carrying Yasmin and the baby change bag as I avoid the entire Bloomfield estate altogether and head along towards the high street instead. By the time I finally get to chapel it’s mid morning, my arms ache and Yasmin is unsettled and wanting on the floor to move around. I try sitting her on the pew beside me while I pray but it’s impossible to concentrate or pray properly with her wriggling and whining and she could easily fall. I say a few recitals and cross myself and glance up at the crucifixion before picking up the baby and leaving. Even if Father Reilly was around I wouldn’t be able to go to confession with Yasmin with me anyway. I leave disappointed, frustrated and stressed trying to once again carry the big changing bag and a wriggly baby as I head up towards the high street again towards the heart foundation charity shop and back towards Liam’s flat.

I have to stop again when I hear my phone as Liam texts to ask if I am ok. I text back that I’ve been to chapel and that I’m now heading to the charity shop, adding in that I wish I’d thought to get the buggy when I left home last night because carrying Yasmin is so hard going. Liam replies telling me not to go home and I sigh as Yasmin wriggles in my arms again as I text back that I won’t and put my phone back in my pocket.

“Oh Yasmin, what are we going to do? I can’t keep carrying you around like this, can I? I’m not even sure I can buy anything in the charity shop for you even if they have anything because I’m struggling enough carrying you and this changing bag as it is! You might be small but goodness me you get heavy after a while. My poor arms are aching!”

Somehow I muster the strength to go again as I breathlessly push open the charity shop door finally, hearing the familiar ring of the door as I look anxiously around for Mrs Clements.

“Hello? Anyone here?”:

Mrs Clements appears from the back of the shop looking flustered and flushed.

“Oh Megan love! I think you’re my guardian angel today! I was just praying for help too!”

“What’s up?”

“I’m having some morning here all on my own! A lady called yesterday asking if we took baby things and asking if she could drop them off today. I thought it might be perhaps a bin bag of clothes or the usual toys but she came with a full car load of things! I’ve been wiping down and getting it all in the shop all morning but I just can’t fix the pram up at all. I’m long past my days of baby things and it’s all changed since my two were young. You haven’t got a minute to spare to help me have you?”

“If you’re ok to hold Yasmin I can have a look for you.”

“Thank you.”

I hand her the baby and drop the baby change bag behind the till area as I follow Mrs Clements to the back of the shop where there’s a treasure trove of items everywhere and the wheels of a pram set standing in the middle of it all. While Mrs Clements make a fuss of my sister I assemble the entourage of travel accessories that form the child’s travel system in front of me; an expensive set up of matching buggy, carry cot, infant car seat, foot muff, and matching changing bag.

“There you go. The buggy seat clicks on here and then the car seat slides on top like this. The carry cot is interchangeable too. This is some donation though! These things are so expensive Mrs Clements. You’ll get good money for this.”

“The problem is love I just don’t have the room to store it all. I’ve already put the Moses basket, baby bouncing seat, swing seat and high chair all into the shop and I just don’t have the storage back here for all of this too.”

She looks at Yasmin in her arms smiling.

“It wouldn’t be any use to this little precious one would it? I mean I know you have a buggy but are you sure you couldn’t make use of this?”

I feel the tears in my eyes as I look at the beautiful travel system which is in immaculate condition.

“I can’t afford it though.”

“I can’t sell it if I can’t get it in the shop can I? You’d be doing me a favour.”

I run over and hug my dear old friend thanking her out loud and praying a thank you to God too as I sit Yasmin in the car seat on the top and strap her in.

“I’ll get her a blanket love. She looks tired.”

“Actually Mrs Clements I was wondering if you had any baby girls clothes too. Age 12-18 months ideally. I can pay for those if you have any.”

“Oh gracious dear…I have loads of those you can choose from! Come have a wee look.”

I leave the shop pushing my sleeping sister in the most wonderful buggy ever that I didn’t even pay for with a whole bag of new clothes for her too, and even a new changing bag to match, all stuffed in the large storage area under the buggy along side the old changing bag I was struggling to carry all morning.

I can’t wait for Liam to get home to show him as I bump the buggy up the stairs outside and let Yasmin carry on napping lying comfy in the car seat all strapped in safely while I park the buggy in Liam’s hall. I go to text Liam but my phone needs charged again so I plug it in while I get myself something to eat and drink thinking once again of my brothers at school and hoping someone thought to make their packed lunches up for them.

*319*2021-11-08 18:51

Chapter 172

Liam

I pause mid afternoon, as does Rodger, while I drink my water that I brought with me and he has a fag break. We’ve not even covered half of the huge estate but yet again we are both fast running out of bags.

“They should have sent more than two of us here. It would have been much safer too. Don’t be covering this place in winter or school holidays by the way Liam. I could tell you so many stories you’d never believe!”

“You got mates living here then?”

“Not exactly mates. More just lads I went to school with like. This area feeds into Bangor Academy. Same as most of Bangor. Used to be all Protestant here you know. That’s what all the artwork is on the gable ends of the houses. You take your life in your hands here if you so much as set foot in a chapel.”

“Really?”

“Seriously! You never been taught Irish history?”

“I only just moved from England two months ago.”

“That explains a lot! What brought you to Bangor then?”

“Truthfully? I just needed away from England. My mate Gareth suggested here. His cousin lives here and he’d visited a few times as a kid. I found a cheap flat and just got the ferry over.”

“Any regrets?”

“Just not saying goodbye to my aunt. I lived with her ever since I was 14. Kind of saying a final goodbye to her on Monday I guess but it’s not the same is it?”

“True. Right I guess we’d better get our last hour or so over with and get outa here. This place gives me the creeps.”

I nod, putting my empty bottle in my bin bag and resuming work, though my mind is on so much more than litter as I hope I get home to find Megan and Yasmin still there. I need to speak to Megan tonight. I want to ask her if she’ll come with me back to England for the funeral and to sort out my aunt’s affairs. Yasmin too. At least I know then she can’t return to her family and Yasmin won’t be taken into foster care. Just the very thought of that makes me feel sick to my stomach.

By the time my shift is finished and I’m waiting with Rodger to get picked up I have that all too familiar feeling in my crotch, the tingling that always occurs by this point, and often even earlier, during every shift. Rodger has gone quiet too as I check my watch and see it’s only just gone 4pm.

“You ok Rodger?”

“I will be when I get back to headquarters. It’s a bit embarrassing like, but I really need a slash. I’m no’ used to this all day crap without a toilet. With the bulk uplifts you were back and forth to the dump and you could at least use the toilet there if you really needed to. This little picking stuff though, God it’s like torture being out all day and you can’t even have a piss! What do you normally do like? You just go in the bushes or what?”

“I think most of the others do try to find places they can go. I’m starting to find places on some of the shifts too, shops, the library and that, but the housing estates are the worst like this. I could really use a bathroom myself too.”

He looks at me tapping his leg.

“You know I said that they’d kill someone here if you even so much as stepped into a chapel? Well you know what, they could actually kill me if they wanted cos see if there was a bloody chapel right here and it had a bog I could use I wouldn’t even bloody care about the bloody Protestant Catholic divide, I’d use it anyway!”

I nod, knowing exactly how he feels but equally as keen to get back to the high street in time to get to the bank to pay the money in I was given on Sunday so that I can purchase tickets for the ferry back to England. Regardless how desperate my bladder is that’s not negotiable if I want to be back in England in time for the funeral.

Rodger is anything but quiet on the journey back to the council headquarters as he rants loudly to the driver about how disgraceful it is to not have access to a toilet all day. He can’t sit still at all and while my legs are tightly crossed too I force my body to keep holding on as the minute I get off the bus I need to rush to the bank before I can get back home. Every time I have been to the bank so far though they have held me back ages so I pray silently that this will be the first visit I can get straight in and out. Maybe, just maybe, if I can do that I might just manage to keep my clothes dry until I can pee in my own flat.

If only dear old Rodger would shut up about how desperate he is. His constant talking about it isn’t helping me one bit!

*320*2021-11-09 10:18

Chapter 173

Megan

Having somewhere to put the baby down is so helpful as I can now safely pee, wash my hands, cook and eat whilst knowing my sister is sleeping somewhere where she is safe. After the time I laid her on the sofa at home and she rolled off I am paranoid about her falling or hurting herself anywhere. It breaks my heart when she’s upset and hurt.

I wash up the lunch dishes and then sort through all the things from the charity shop, folding everything neatly and adding the clothes into the bag for life that is now bulging against the wall. I then sit on the floor turning out the bright changing bag that mam bought when Rory was a baby remembering suddenly how she told dad one day that it had to be as bright as possible because the world was now bright and wonderful with God giving her another baby, the one that would complete the family.

“The more babies you have the less people make a fuss of them so I want it to stand out. I want everyone to notice my last baby. I want him seen because he’s so wanted and special to me.”

Now, ten years later, the colours have faded and the pockets are ripped and it feels another sad reflection of Yasmin’s life that her own mam couldn’t even get a new changing bag for her new baby even though the one she had was over 9 years old, faded and torn inside. Tipping the contents out I realise just what a state the old bag is truly in as the inside lining is ripped, dirty and smelly. Right at the bottom there’s bibs that no longer fit Yasmin, one that even reads ‘my first Christmas’ which I am sure I bought, cartons of first stage ready to drink baby milk that are out of date, bottles that haven’t been cleaned out properly, dirty plastic spoons, first size nappies that Yasmin outgrew over six months ago and other rubbish that I think might have even been there from when Rory was a baby.

As I go to bin everything that’s rubbish I stand over Liam’s kitchen bin pressing the lid to open with my foot as I suddenly have another flashback that upsets me. As I drop in things that are dirty, too small now or broken a tiny newborn bib floats into the rubbish as I remember when I was still at primary school seeing mam breast feeding first Anthony and then two years later Rory. I suddenly realise that Yasmin was never fed like that, always having formula and often being fed by me rather than her mam. I let the bin lid close on everything then get the beautiful new black and gold changing bag that matches the buggy and set about finally getting Yasmin her own bag with everything she needs in. It seems truly symbolic when I finally squash the old bag and squeeze it into the kitchen bin just as I hear Yasmin waking up.

Looking in Liam’s kitchen cupboard’s I find enough things to make some simple pancakes for Yasmin for lunch and enough milk, just, to get her a drink. The fridge is sparse though, and the freezer too, as I try to think ahead for the next meal. After getting Yasmin fed, freshened up and cleaned up I decide to head back out to see if I can buy anything cheap for dinner later. It’s tricky getting the buggy down the front steps, but doable, as I head in the direction of Lidl to get a few essentials. I put the bag of things at the bottom of the buggy, and checking the time on my phone, I decide to walk to St Christopher’s school to catch my brother’s coming out and check they are ok.

I stand around the corner a bit away from the crowds knowing the boys will have to walk past me to get home. As I see them both approaching me I smile seeing them in their own clothes and looking well. Rory sees me first, running up to me and hugging me.

“Hi Meg! Guess what! I got star of the week for maths! I never get anything for maths!”

“Oh Rory! That’s brilliant! I’m so proud of you! Did you get lunch ok?”

“Yes! Ant made it for me. I told Callum and Oscar about tomorrow too! You are coming aren’t you? They both loved yesterday loads!”

“Coming where?”

“Laser Tag of course! With Shaun and Lilly. Callum and Oscar are both coming too. Didn’t you book it? Oh I am so excited I can’t wait!”

I look confused and Anthony must notice as he looks at me shrugging his shoulders.

“I didn’t know about it until this morning either. I thought they were just coming over to play like yesterday. Dad went to work late this morning. He said you’d gone to see a friend and taken Yasmin but you’d be back tomorrow. I thought it might be Liam but didn’t say anything. He gave me the spare key to get in but said he’d be home as soon as he could. He said this morning that Theresa is going to treat us all to take away for dinner tonight as she’s going away for the weekend to Belfast and moving there soon. Dad asked me to make the packed lunches as he was on the phone to Shaun.”

My mind is whirling with everything. I’ve been worrying all day if the boys were ok and if they had packed lunches and everything and not only are they ok but it sounds like they haven’t even missed me! Clearly dad wasn’t as keen on Rory’s friends coming over as he let on and he’s cleverly come up with a solution that I suspect has as much to do with Shaun and Lilly wanting to look like the heroes again to my younger brothers. It wouldn’t surprise me if they suddenly take them both to ‘fun’ places in the holidays too, all the time creating the impression that they are ‘helping’ but continually making the boys think they are amazing and I am rubbish, always buying their loyalty and affection like money is all that matters in life. Suddenly the idea of going back home makes me feel ill as I hug Rory again, tell them both to have a super time at laser tag and that I’ll see them soon.

I don’t quite know when that will be right now but I don’t want either of them to know that as I wander in the complete opposite direction away from them towards Liam’s flat pushing Yasmin in her new buggy with tears in my eyes.

*321*2021-11-09 21:48

Chapter 174

Liam

When the minibus finally drops us at the fountain outside the headquarters I see Rodger race into the building out the corner of my eye as I walk promptly towards the high street and the bank, very eager to get the cash paid in and then get back home to see Megan and Yasmin and use my toilet. The bank initially seems quite empty as I join the queue with just one customer in front of me. With two cashiers serving I move subtly from foot to foot trying to keep my bladder at bay but mindful of the fact that not only are there others around but there’s cameras watching me too. As I reach the front of the queue I can feel my body getting more restless as I tap my foot and fidget nervously. I must look suspiciously fidgety as I see a member of staff walk right up to me asking if they can help me. I explain that I just want to pay cash in and she leads me to an ATM machine in a corner.

“Have you used a machine to pay in before sir?”

“No.”

“It’s very simple and self explanatory really. Just put your card in, type your PIN in then follow the directions for paying in. I’ll just be around here if you need me.”

I cross my legs in front of the machine and put my card in, typing my PIN in and trying to read the options. Trying to concentrate whilst bursting for a pee isn’t easy as I uncross my legs and bounce on the soles of my feet squeezing my muscles tightly and biting my lip. I notice an option for pay in and press it then press the one for cash and feed the notes in. As the screen then asks me to confirm the amount I press one leg close against the other and lean forwards awkwardly as my urgent need to piss seems to increase by the second. Somehow I manage to confirm the amount but then it asks if I want a receipt. I have to recross my legs again knowing full well that the female staff member is watching me closely and that it’s blatantly obvious that I really need the toilet. I press for a receipt unable to even stand still at all as I take it from the machine and turn to run out.

“Sir, you forgot your card. Sir?”

I turn back, red faced, as I process what’s been said and quickly return towards the machine where the staff member has kindly taken my card out before it was swallowed back in as she hands it to me.

“Happens more than you’d think. Especially when someone is distracted by other things.”

She winks at me as my face reddens even more and I know instantly that my urgency to urinate is extremely obvious to her yet there’s nothing I can do about it. I quickly thank her and sprint out carrying my litter picker in my hand and slipping my bank card into my deep jacket pocket with the other as I anxiously hasten home towards Victoria Street and my bathroom before my muscles give out and I have an accident. My mind is hyper focused as I pay little attention to anyone around me knowing even the slightest delay could prove fatal for my body.

Standing on my own doorstep at last I automatically put my hand in my pocket for the key, momentarily forgetting that I posted it through to Megan this morning and that she should be inside waiting for me. The thought of seeing her thrills me and even though I’m sure seeing me bursting will turn her on I’m not sure I can face any further delay in reaching the bathroom so I half hope that she’s busy with Yasmin so that I can get to piss right away. I grab my crotch feeling some pee escape as I push the front door open and start hobbling down the hall, only vaguely aware of a buggy of some sort parked in my hallway as I pass.

“It’s just me love.”

I can smell something cooking but I can’t even focus on what it could be as I anxiously grab my anatomy even tighter through my jeans with one hand as I reach down to start unzipping with the other just as I see Megan standing watching me holding Yasmin in her hands at the living room doorway.

“You look rather desperate there?”

“I’ll be right with you, promise. Gotta go so so bad. Oh God…”

I just about make out her beautiful smile out the corner of my eye as I hobble towards my bathroom, unzip and fire, just making it and no more, the bathroom door wide open and my pissing sounding loud and glorious as I wonder if Megan is listening from just outside the room. I actually feel a little disappointed when I leave and find her in the kitchen stirring something in a pot on the cooker that smells amazing with the baby in her arms.

“Sorry about that honey. I had to go for hours and couldn’t wait another second.” I walk towards her and kiss her cheek as I put my hands out to take the baby.

“That smells amazing! How has your day been?”

“I have so much to tell you Liam. Hope you like chilli? How about I tell you about my day and you can tell me about yours? I’d love to hear, especially the bit about holding your pee for hours and how you couldn’t wait another second.”

Megan winks and smiles at me sexily as she dishes up two portions of rice and chilli and puts a small amount in a toddler’s plastic bowl. I look at her from behind as I sit down on a dining chair holding her sister on my knee as she dishes up the food, admiring her lovely brown hair, her shapely back, her firm bottom and imagining her bare legs under her flowing midi skirt. It’s amazing to have my girlfriend finally staying with me and I already know that before the night is done I will be showing her just how much I love her and want her. Just thinking that my long desperation at work and in the bank and the walk home might turn her on thrills me and makes my dick thick and erect and desperate again, though this time not because I want to piss badly but because I want to explode with something else from the exact same place!

Seeing more of Megan just seems to make me hornier than ever as I make a mental note in my mind to remind myself to buy ferry tickets for tomorrow before I get so caught up in hormones that it gets forgotten again.

*323*2021-11-10 09:35

Chapter 175

Megan

Getting back to the flat I decide to leave the buggy at the bottom of the stairs as I put the brakes on and carry the bag of food in first. Sitting it quickly in the hall I then hump the buggy backwards up the stairs and put the food away before unstrapping Yasmin and taking her coat off. I watch her crawl and roll about the floor while I put the food away then I sit and play with her for a bit before I start cooking.

Not having a high chair to sit Yasmin safely in while I cook makes everything so much harder as I hope Liam doesn’t mind me using his pots and utensils without asking. He did say to make myself at home though as once again I think about my younger brothers and hope they are ok alone until dad or Theresa get home for them. I can feel my anger building again as I stir the mince for the chilli and measure out rice as I think about the boys going to laser tag tomorrow instead of Rory’s friends just coming around to play like I arranged. It feels, once again, that whatever I do for my family is never ever good enough. I want to scream after everything I did to make yesterday lovely for Rory. 

It’s like the nerf gun and water fight, food and cake and presents all count for nothing as one lousy trip to laser tag suddenly makes Shaun and Lilly brother and sister in law of the year! I can’t help thinking who exactly will bath the boys, do the laundry, cook the meals and do all the housework, and all the other mundane everyday things that get taken for granted by my family? Are they just assuming I’ll come back and all will be forgotten? Assuming Theresa finds somewhere to move to in Belfast, and mam gets out of hospital, who exactly will watch over mam all day and see to the boys while they are off school for two weeks? My dad, Mr workaholic of the year, can’t even cook a pizza without burning it so I dread to think how things will be during the next two weeks school holidays.

My thoughts are rudely interrupted when I hear the handle of the front door turning and I turn the hobs down to go and see who it is. Seeing Liam clambering in, bent forwards and holding his dick through his jeans is a sight to see and immediately my thoughts do an about turn and I remember Liam telling me how he always arrives home from work absolutely desperate for a pee because he rarely has anywhere to go at work all day. Realising this would most definitely be the case in a rough estate like the Kilcooley where he told me he’s been all day, my mild can only imagine how his body must feel.

But regardless how exciting it is to see Liam in that state, how much it sends my heart racing, I can’t afford for the dinner to burn and I absolutely can’t act on my desires with Yasmin crawling around near a hot cooker! By the time Liam comes into the kitchen tea is ready and I’m delighted when he takes Yasmin from me to allow me to dish up. I’m actually secretly relieved to be facing away from him as the image of him coming in grasping between his leg with his face flushed and all tense is making my nipples harden in my bra and the lips of my vagina swell and warm. Even with everything that’s happened today all my mind currently wants to think about is a snapshot of my boyfriend almost wetting himself!

Sitting down to eat doesn't in any way calm things either as Liam continues to hold the baby meaning I have to lean extremely close to him to get small spoons of dinner into Yasmin’s mouth. Getting a whiff of his body smell with every spoonful I give the baby only seems to increase my physical desire for Liam and his constant praise for the basic meal just intensifies things yet again. I try to keep things calm telling him about my morning at the chapel and then struggling to carry Yasmin and having to stop because the baby and the huge changing bag were too heavy to carry.

I then tell him all about popping in to see Mrs Clements in the charity shop and how I had only went in to see if there was any clothes for Yasmin as her age 9-12 months things are finally getting snug. In between mouthfuls for myself and bending down to feed my sister on his knee I tell him about the huge donations of baby stuff to the charity shop, helping Mrs Clements to build the travel system and then how she insisted I take it for Yasmin.

“Ah I wondered what that was in the hallway! It looks brand new!”

I’m busy going on about the matching changing bag and how much rubbish was in the old one and how I’ve thrown it out and put everything in the new one as I see Liam smiling at me warmly as I once again give Yasmin another spoonful of food. Although she’s loving it she’s also keen to get down from Liam’s knee and I have a great difficulty reaching her mouth. As she looks to the floor I end up getting off my seat and kneeling down to reach the baby, my body now kneeling right between Liam’s legs as he opens his legs a bit more to let me get room. 

After finally getting more food in Yasmin’s mouth I look up to see Liam looking right down at me, his eyes sparkling with desire and his mouth parted as if he’s about to kiss me as he moves the child slightly on his knee and my eyes catch something right in my eye line. I’m now right on the floor kneeling between my boyfriend’s legs as I realise I need support to get back up. I lift my right arm up, resting it on Liam’s upper thigh, as I recognise what I am feeling instantly as our eyes meet again. Leaning down I push against Liam’s body to haul myself up as my breasts rub off Liam’s stomach and chest as I stand back up. Still holding the baby securely one handed Liam wraps his other arm around my waist pulling me in until I am now sitting on his thigh on top of where I just felt his hard penis.

He leans towards me as our lips meet, our mouths tasting the chilli from each other’s teeth and tongues as what starts as a casual kiss quickly develops into a full passionate deep embrace as I hear and feel Yasmin behind me squirming to get away. Liam eventually has to concede to her wriggling as he pulls away from me looking down at my baby sister.

“I think someone’s had enough now.”

I can’t help smiling as I take the baby from him and carry her into the living room, placing her gently on the floor. I turn back to Liam, who is now standing in the doorway finishing his glass of water, as I gaze up at his rugged physique and gorgeous eyes.

“She might have had enough but I’ve not”, I giggle as he turns back into the kitchen to put his glass down before returning to the living room and joining me on the floor as he starts playing with the baby blowing raspberries at her feet playfully and laughing. I stretch my legs out to get comfortable as Liam rolls onto his side alternating between gazing at me and playing with the baby.

“So Liam. I think it’s your turn to tell me about your day. I’m especially interested in how you ended up coming home in the state you did. From what I heard from in here you must have been needing that pee for quite some time.”

“Oh Megan! Believe me honey I definitely was!”

*324*2021-11-10 12:19

{{5 hours ago, YellowTides said:

I just wanted to chime in here and tell you what an amazing story you’ve created! I’m not usually a super frequent visitor to this site, but I’ve been coming back to this thread every day for a week or so just trying to catch up and I’ve finally finished. Wow!! This is an amazing tale, not just from an omo perspective (although those parts are amazing as well!). I’ve laughed, I’ve cried more than I’d like to admit. This is a truly touching story on so many levels. I could read about Megan and Liam and Yasmin forever! Please don’t stop writing, I’d gladly read as much as you continue to write for us. Thank you so much for creating this. Do you write professionally, because I seriously think you could!?! This is my favorite thing I’ve read on any medium in quite a while. I’m in awe and eagerly awaiting the next chapters!

}}

Thank you so much. I do actually write professionally but not novels. I am so thrilled that someone is enjoying reading this as much as I am enjoying writing it. When I first set out I had no idea it would be this long but I feel I am living Liam and Megan and Yasmin and many of the other characters too. There’s so much still to unfold yet so please keep reading. Your comment has made my day and inspired me to keep writing.

&&

&&

&&

