MasterXploder's Story Commissions Thread: 2019 Edition

Author: MasterXploder

*000*2019-05-05 14:19

It's that time once again, ladies and gentlemen! If you've been wanting to see me write your story ideas, now is your chance. This time, I've added the option for live writing sessions where you and other viewers can watch me write and offer live feedback, at no extra cost. I'm also only going to work on one commission at a time to start, though I may open up a second slot down the line.

All my guidelines can be found in the link below, so as not to stretch out the page like last time. Please note that these guidelines are subject to change.

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gbnZiUoAyM_zZyQjPIZVohki9wrZpujvEhivfpz68ks/edit

You can either contact me through this thread or through DM's. Let the commission fun begin!

*003*2019-05-06 18:15

{{26 minutes ago, Zapp Renfro said:

If you're cool with it I can always copy paste and email his commission terms to you, I dont mind to!

}}

Already got him covered there, thanks!

*004*2019-05-08 17:49

Since I already have quite a few commissions lined up (Seriously, I must be one popular chap around here!), I've added a waiting list in my signature to give you an idea. This first story is even set at the 6,000 word maximum ($48, for reference). With any luck, the live sessions will help keep me writing at a decent pace.

Speaking of, the first live session will be tonight sometime after 7 PM EST. Check OmoOrg's Discord server for the link when it goes up if you're interested.

*005*2019-07-25 15:28

Trying something new here: I now have a list of special characters that I would like to write omo about, but cannot come up with any good ideas for them. If you can give me an idea I like enough, you'll get a special 50% discount for that story. Check the %commission.doc for the full list, and please note that it is subject to change like everything else.

*006*2019-08-23 13:10

Alright, my idea for discounts on specific characters didn't pan out. Instead, I'm going to try something more broad: a 25% discount for writing about a franchise in general. In other words, a full 6,000 word story with an established character would only cost $36 instead of the usual $48. Once again, check out the document $$ for which franchises are discounted.

And yes, this does include stories based on Fire Emblem: Three Houses!

*007*2019-09-05 04:25

Hi again. Unfortunately, due to some personal issues rearing their ugly head, I'm going to have to close commissions for now. I won't go into specifics, but until things go back to normal, my writing motivation is likely going to be seriously dampened for a while. I've actually started a new story last week, but haven't touched it in a few days because of it.

I'll still be on all the Discord channels if you want to chat and stay updated with how things are going.

