Story writing competition - part IV

Author: Flush

*000*2013-06-17 17:24

Hello my fellow omorashi writers! I'm calling the competitive spirit in you!

It's been (again) almost a year since the last competition, but as it seems there was some interest for a new one... here we go!

Scroll down for the scenario and the rules...

Story writing competition - part IV

Theme: desperation, possibly wetting,... (the rest is up to you!)

Scenario:

Your main character is an upcoming talent (in whatever field her talent is), and she’s doing an important job interview/presentation/audition/photoshoot/... before a some kind of jury, which can launch or break her career. While being extremely talented, she is not too confident about herself, being really nervous... and needing to use the bathroom, off course. She’s trying to finish her performance while hiding her desperation for the audience. Will she be able to hold it until her moment in the spotlight is over, or pee her panties in front of everyone?

Multiple main characters are also a possibility, depending on the scene off course.

No real restrictions age-wise, but I would suggest that you keep the characters’ age(s) between 15 and 99 years.

Since the last story competitions only resulted in stories about females, I left out the male part this time. If you wish to write a male story, it’s allowed though. Let me know.

And remember, feel free to interpret the scenario as you wish!

Closing date of the competition: 15 August 2013

Prize for the winner: seeing that a cash prize was the preferred award last time; a $15 (paypal) award

Rules

This is a themed story writing competition. In each competition there will be a theme and a scenario, to make the stories comparable, and the judging easier. Following the scenario is much appreciated, but don’t let it limit your artistic freedom; altering the scenario to a little extent is allowed, but don’t deviate too far. I think I kept the scenario quite wide, so I don’t think that’s a problem.

Prize: the winner of the competition gets a prize. Off course, this competition is just for fun and you won’t be able to get rich by winning, but it’s just a small incentive to get as much writers aboard as possible. Only the winner gets a prize, so make sure you write story is as good as you can! Any story can enter, but be aware that a five-line story isn’t as appealing to read as a longer well written piece. 750-3000 words is probably a nice goal, but don’t pin yourself to those numbers. You can write from any point of view (first or third-person). The submitted stories should be all in English, however language isn't the main judging criteria. Anyone can enter, even new members!

About submitting: You may submit more than one story per competition, in case you have too much inspiration for a single tale. It is not necessary to meet the closing date, but any late entries will not be considered for the prize. You can submit a story by sending it to me by a personal message; the time you send the story will be considered as the delivery time. Revisions are possible, even if your story is already submitted, but only before the closing date. In the case of multiple revisions, the last revision before the closing date counts, unless told otherwise.

All stories will be posted on the boards after the closing date. Any story published before that will be disqualified from the competition.

Judging: In the last competitions, the idea of a small judging team was the most favorite one - so let's do that! The stories will be judged by a panel of more than two, less than five judges. Any volunteers, by the way? They will judge each story according to the criteria listed below, and write a small piece of motivation afterwards.

The criteria will be the same as in the last competition:

{{:

Conventions of grammar and spelling - 0-5 points

Basically an overview of how well the sentences are structured and spelling.

Keep in mind that sometimes sentences are cut short, dragged on, or even one word long on purpose. This isn't an English paper, it's a story. But for us to fully understand and appreciate writing talent requires good grammar and spelling. Since not everyone has English as their first language, and you can only be so perfect, I gave a scoring scale max of 5.

Style – a combination of details and word choice - 0-5 points

The writer is providing the reader with enough information that the reader can almost visualize everything that is happening, and rather than having too many distracting details that just fill space, the details are focused on the situation at hand. He doesn't use words that are over general and really describe nothing, but actually picks out "colorful adjectives, adverbs and verbs so that too many other words are unnecessary. For example:

"There was a red wine rose which was brilliant and pretty. It was upon a hill with grass that was growing around it. And it was in the sun."

Vs.

"There was a rose that glistened in the sun radiating its warmth to all that viewed it upon the lush green hill."

Characterization - 0-5 points

How believable were the characters? Were you attached to them?

Characters are one of the most important aspects to a story. Grammar and spelling can be utter crap, and the style boring, but the characters are what drives us to continue. We get attached to them, what authors call "identifying with the characters". We feel them as real, and they compel us to laugh, cry, or shout for joy. In essence, characters control the feelings of the readers (viewers in the case of motion picture) and can make up every dimension of a good story.

The core of the story are the characters. The core of the characters are their cares.

Arousal – 0-5 points

Does the reader find the story stimulating while reading it, or is the story senseless in that respect? Is there a passage that catches your attention sexually? Does the story raise involuntary thoughts? Or does it repulse the reader?

Plot - 0-10 points

The hardest thing about a short story; how well characters acted and events fell into place. Was it exciting? Any twists? Was it unique?

On a most basic level, the plot is what separates poetry from prose. It is simply, the actions and reactions of characters to events taking place and what challenges the characters and makes us attached to them. This makes the entire story captivating to read.

}}

Previous editions

Story writing competition - part II

(results

)

Story writing competition - part III

(results

)

*002*2013-06-17 19:55

Fanfics are allowed, yes. Just make sure that the story is understandable for someone who doesn't know the characters, though...

I'm looking forward to lots of great stories :)

*010*2013-06-19 20:11

Thanks for the replies, I'm glad the competition idea is received well. I'm excited about your yet unwritten stories! :)

{{:

I'd gladly help with the judging.

}}

{{:

I'll be willing to judge these

}}

Welcome aboard! Ranpalan, I remember that you were a great help for me in the first competition. So thanks for joining the judging team again :)

And Gylfi, thanks a lot too.

{{:

Would the main character using diapers be allowed? Or would you prefer her to be in danger of visibly peeing herself?

}}

My initial thought is: for the sake of "free interpretation of the scenario" I would say "yes, it's allowed".

HOWEVER, before you start writing already, I'm going to discuss it in the (preliminary) judging team.

After all, they will have to judge the story...

I'll keep you updated (it might take a few days though, I'm in the middle of an exam period at the moment)

*023*2013-06-21 17:21

{{:

Flush, will you start a PM with the judging team?

}}

Sorry from my absence; I will start a PM - but it won't be before sunday (I have an exam coming up tomorrow)

@ All: sorry for not replying immediately but I'm quite busy at the moment, I will get back here as soon as possible.

