Too much maths

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2012-12-07 07:52

Too Much Maths

By Ranpalan

Another piece of paper fell to the floor, most of the text crossed out. The desk was surrounded by such scraps: some crumpled, others straight, a few particularly messy ones torn in half. Amidst the mess sat a rather frustrated redhead: dressed in black jeans and a bra, her left hand already pulling up another sheet and her right jotting down the painfully familiar phrase:

Let epsilon be a positive real. Let delta be...

The girl paused, looking at the problem once more. She couldn't do this one thing because she had already tried it and it didn't work, and she definitely coludn't do this other thing because even though she hadn't tried it, it would obviously not work anyway. Worst of all, her best friend had already solved it the day before and that meant war.

It wasn't the first time Nataly had challenged her like this; she was the smarter one, while Tara often had to sacrifice sleep to even get the problems done. Today was even worse than average, the alarm clock showing 4:18.

Tara stared at the words she had written down, doing her best to visualise the function in the metric space and cringing again: C-infinity of C was not a set she could see at a glance. Her mind was wandering, begging to be allowed to lie down and finally sleep, but she wasn't going to tolerate it. The room was already littered with cans of red bull from previous sittings, three of them still on the table.

Grabbing one and taking a few sips, Tara was assaulted by yet another worldly need. The girl shifted, but she knew she couldn't work this way; she had been drinking the whole night to keep herself awake, and she wasn't one to allow herself a break without a good reason. It was as good a time as any now that she had so much distracting her, though, especially with her growing headache.

The rest of the red bull disappeared down her throat and she pushed herself up from the chair, leaning on the desk as her body adjusted to the change in pose. It was at moments like this that Tara thought something might be wrong with her: had it been any other moment she would have spent a little more time looking for a solution, but now she merely gave her crotch a squeeze and headed towards the door.

One step, two steps, three... Tara cursed, realising the room had spun and she was now heading for the window. She turned along with it, chasing the door as it ran from her grasp, and decided to lean on the floor to not fall over. It seemed to work.

Consciousness is a funny thing. It wasn't all that rare for Tara to lose it, although she had never before misplaced it so far. When she found it, she had come to a rather peculiar place: clearly a metric space, as she could feel that she was closed, but otherwise not very familiar. In this space, Tara felt unbounded, and truth be told, she would probably have stayed there forever if not for the all the more pressing need to pee.

Amongst her other concerns was the petty fact that eternity was a concept rather alien to spaces with no clear time. As any reasonable person who found herself in a vector space would do, Tara had quickly started constructing a basis. The reluctance with which this basis was coming to her, the girl was starting to suspect the space may not have one at all. That is, of course, if the closed set she now was could be considered a girl.

Perhaps if Tara had thought about the fact that sets have neither bladders nor pants and thus cannot wet one or the other, she would have been a little less concerned about her physical predicament and a little more concerned with her mental issues. Had that been the case, she would probably not have grabbed a few of the functions crowding around and, having ensured it was bijective, passed the world through it.

This world was much easier to understand. She was herself again: not quite her normal self, but at least something recognisable. She was looking into her own eyes, unable to move.

Just as in the previous case, she wasn't all that tightly bound to herself, though. She could see herself, and another herself, and another... The world, as far as she could tell, consisted of a long line of pairs of hers, every next pair a little different from the previous. The changes were slow, and she had to look past several million pairs before she realised what she was doing with herself; not very flattering, but she had wished for it herself.

A bijective function later she is in space-time once again, seeing it all as if from above. Was it the universe, or just her model of it? She didn't want to know. She was Tara, a mostly-normal university student. She had been Tara, a gifted and passionate secondary school student. She would be...

She would be wetting her pants soon if nothing changed, but that wasn't the point. She knew she could hide that, and the future there was okay. It was the further future that she looked at gloomly: her fathers' death, her financial troubles... So much that clearly would soon happen, and yet that she could do so little about. And on top of that, the feeling of understanding: seeing all of the little mistakes that had lead to it and how they could have been fixed.

The functions were suggesting a solution again. Not that they were moving or making any sounds (functions don't change, of course), but Tara knew what they could do. It wasn't a one-to-one function, but that couldn't be all too bad. She could try to lose some of the less important things that way; perhaps if she cut enough away, the world would be a better place.

It took a while longer before she could think again. She? That's how she used to be called. Who this "she" was beyond her. She didn't like being nameless, though. She was a set, she may as well call herself Q.

She felt compact. This space clearly had a lower dimensionality than where she had been before: so low, in fact, that it was finite. Something must have happened that had made her forget so much: she could feel that there were pieces missing out of her. Perhaps a matter of dimensionality?

Q needed to do something. It was something unclear, something so entirely otherworldly that she couldn't quite place it. It didn't fit well with the abstraction of the world as an immutable vector space, and none the less it was an urgent, pressing matter.

For now, however, the most important thing to do was to calm down. There wasn't much she could do as she was; the world around her was dead simple. Not realising the absurdity she started counting the vectors. A more experienced traveller would have told her -- had they any means of communicating -- that such an activity rarely helps one get inner rest, and he would have been entirely right: there is little scarier in any world than finding out you are a subset of something countable.

The question of how one knows that a countable world is too small to be real is a difficult one. Perhaps those who have seen the continuum notice the missing pieces when most of their world disappears. Perhaps the non-existence of some limits that really should exist tips people off. Perhaps it was just the sketchy nature of it all: as if the world had been outlined but never filled in.

Whatever the reason, Q was quite willing to get back into the world of the reals. More functions, jumping out one after another. There were very few surjective ones in the foreground; they knew what Q wanted, and their fearsome continuous backsides would not put her off now. She chose one almost at random, looking into its mouth -- since when did functions have...

If only she was a Cantor set. Even those disgusting creatures were better than her now, their impossible to grasp points still more numerous than hers. The feeling could be described as emptiness, although it was quite the opposite: between every point of her there were infinitely more than there were in all of her, most new and alien beyond recognition. She had wanted a continuum, and she had gotten it, and it had all too much room for her.

She couldn't stay there. She couldn't stand the alien simplicity of it, the minor differences that differentiated it from Q. She had hoped to become bigger after the transformation, but of course the cardinality of the image of a set is never greater than the cardinality of the original set, and every transformation would simply make her smaller and smaller.

The journey had never been what mattered to her. She wasn't sure how she could say this: she didn't remember who she had been, or what she had done then. The world was a blur of points; not surprisingly, seeing as how many there now were. Q wanted to be alone.

A function. She was a function. No, she was a set with a function. And a function. The function was nice. The function was her. She applied the function. She applied herself to the function. This was nice. This was peaceful. She could do this forever; applying herself to herself, over and over again, all alone. Alone.

The desk lamp was still on, illuminating the paper Tara started her last attempt on. The morning had arrived; the lighter sky faintly visible through the blinds, and the slowly growing noise of student household life. Had someone opened the door and looked in they would likely have seen nothing of note: the usual mess of papers, food wrapping, and cans as could be expected from any student dwelling. Some pillows and blankets here and there. In the twilight, the immobile girl was hard to spot if you weren't looking for her -- and it would be several more hours before anyone would come looking for her.

Those who did notice her would probably notice a little more: the girl had one hand holding her crotch tightly, as if she had been rubbing herself through her jeans before lying down to sleep on the floor. Her legs were moving the slightest bit, thighs clenching. Other than that she was uncannily still, as one could be when in shock of a dreadful realisation.

Moments later, the aura of mystery was gone. Tara stirred, her eyes darting open and her hand digging all the more deeply into her crotch. Using her other hand to sit up, she crossed her legs tightly and mumbled, "Shit..."

She pushed herself a little further up, then froze, cursed again. Hands shaking she undid the button and fly on her jeans, then looked around, her gaze stopping at the nearest can. Apparently, it would have to do; even without the pressure of the jeans making it worse, Tara knew she couldn't get down the stairs without thoroughly embarrassing herself.

The can was almost in hand's reach when it happened: she froze, grabbed herself all the tighter, and then relaxed. She wouldn't be able to do any more now, that much she knew from her experiences when drunk, and there was no need to make more of a mess than she already had. Feeling like a complete fool Tara set there, waiting for her bladder to empty. Time dragged on; two important problems had resolved themselves, and now Tara was all too eager to be done with one and write out the other.

Finally, she could stand it no longer, and Tara grabbed the nearest scrap of paper and got a pen out of her pocket. Still peeing she wrote, her handwriting messy from excitement:

Let epsilon be a positive real. Let delta be half r times epsilon to the fourth.

%story.pdf

*003*2012-12-17 15:24

{{:

Aah - solved?

}}

Perhaps; perhaps it's just the origin of yet more frustration. :)

