Taken

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-11 10:09

(WARNING: This is about a kidnapped girl being forced to wet herself naked and endure sexual activity, if this isn't your thing then feel free to skip past!)

I opened my eyes, revealing a fear-inducing basement. A tall figure stood in the shadows near the stairs. I looked down and saw that I was completely naked from head to toe with rope tied around my waist and arms. I felt the cold of the pole on my back.

"Feeling comfortable?" The mystery man growled.

"W-who are you? What are you doing to me? Why am I here?" I wriggled around, attempting to free myself to no avail.

"That's not important. I just wanna have some fun with you." The man let out a low chuckle, stepping out from the shadows, revealing a little stubble on his face, his dark chocolate eyes and olive skin. A hood covered the most part of his hair, other than the black curly bangs hanging out infront of his eyebrows.

"Well...I don't mean to bother you but...I kinda need to pee." As my memory regained itself, I had realised that before all of this, I was bent over myself and holding my crotch, waiting for the public bathroom to open. That was until I was dragged to the back of a white van and held captive.

"Yes, I couldn't help to notice your...situation. That's where the fun begins." The man walked away, turning on his sink tap and walking up the stairs. He wanted me to wet myself. I didnt want to give it to him but it was difficult with no hands to hold my quivering pussy. A few drops of pee rolled out of my pee hole, resulting in my legs cramping together, rubbing against one another. Hearing the water from the tap made my situation much worse, but I was pretty good at holding my pee.

Time went past and my pee desperation became painful. My bladder ached for it's release, but my thighs stopped any streams of pee to come out. The mystery man came back and stared at me with the utmost creepiness.

"Not one drop, huh?" He dragged a finger along the floor near me then up my pussy, keeping his eyes on me. I whimpered from the immediate touch, a tear rolling down my cheek. The man laughed more and began to set up his next trap for me.

"P-please sir...I just need to get home. I don't want to do this. I just wanted to pee and then get home to my-"

"SHUT UP! Gah, you stupid bitch." His loud shout resulted in a single stream of pee jet out of my pee hole, making me squeeze my legs tighter. Eventually, the man had finished his trap set up and untied me, keeping his eyes on me at all times. He picked me up and flopped my naked body over his shoulder. I held on tightly as well as squeezing my legs together so I didn't pee all over my captor.

With great difficulty, he strapped me into his new trap that held me against the wall. His eyes fell to my pulsating pussy, that was squeezed in between my legs.

"Give me your legs." He snarled.

"W-what, no. I'll piss myself, otherwise. Its the only thing I have!"

"Welp, that's what I want. I want your juicy piss on my floor. Hm?" I nodded with fear as I separated my legs and let him strap them to the wall. I clenched my vaginal muscles and wriggled my hips to stop my pee hole from releasing its beautifully desperate jet of piss. Suddenly, a couple drops of pee rolled out of my pee hole and onto my leg. The man smiled at me with excitement. He wasn't dangerous, he was just a fucking creep. I could see his hard on in his blue skinny jeans from up there. I snapped my eyes shut so I didn't have to look at his face, but opened then as soon as I felt a rubbing feeling on my pussy.

The guy was rubbing his dick on my vagina?! His crazy smile scared me even more, resulting in a few drops of pee dropping onto his dick. Eventually, he shoved it in me, thrusting it hardly. My pee began to stream out of me in 3 second intervals, making the guy thrust in me faster.

"O-oh god, I'm gonna pee! I'm gonna pee!" My face contorted as I tried my hardest to hold my leaking pee. I managed to stop the leaking with a tightly squeeze, which resulted in a deep groan from the man, who was still fucking me.

"Oh come on, you slut, piss on my cock. Come on." He thrusted even deeper, making me scream out. I felt my pee trickle out onto his penis, even squeezing my pussy muscles didn't help anymore. I managed to stop my last bit of pee coming out of my pee hole, which resulted in the man stopping his thrusting. He walked away, his dick still out.

"P-please just let me pee. Even in a bucket, I don't care...it just...hurts."

"I'm gonna sit in this seat and watch you piss, bitch. So pee or no pee."

"C-can I at least have one hand free? Please?"

"Ugh...fine. Just shut your complaining, I'm tryna get off." He released my left hand after unlocking the lock.

I snapped my hand down to my crotch, holding my aching piss back from this creep. I whimpered and wriggled on the spot, slapping my pussy and rubbing it to stop anything from coming out. The creepy man was masturbating to this in his seat, keeping his eyes on me at all times. I held my crotch tighter as I felt my pee begin to exit my pee hole. I couldn't hold it anymore. The drops turned to a trickle and the trickle turned into a stream. I rubbed my hand back and forth to stop the stream, but it wouldn't stop. I had wet myself. Naked. Infront of an unknown man.

"Oh you little slut, that was so hot. You're gonna be here for a long fuckin time."

Next thing I know, I was blacked out in his basement, resting my head back on the wall in relief.

(Part 2 or nah?)

*002*2023-06-22 18:17

I woke up with a banging in my head, still slightly unaware of my surroundings although I had come to realise why I was there. My kidnapper had a fetish. And he wasn't gonna let me go until he got bored of me. He seemed to mean no harm, although he would if I tried to escape. And I found that out when I escaped his house with the biggest piss desperation I ever had.

A few days went past and he continued to fill me up with drinks then have me wet myself. Today was different.

"If you hold your pee...NAKED...around my house, I'll let you go."

"R-really...o-okay." Next thing I knew, he was rolling my jeans down and my shirt above my head one after the other until I was stood exposed in the middle of the living room.

"Food in the fridge. Bathroom is locked, so don't even try. You can nap in my room. Just don't piss on my bed." I saw his sly grin as he walked away with his car keys, exiting the front door of the house. I heard the keys in the lock, signalling I had a locked front door and an empty house. My bladder wasn't super full at that moment in time, so I sat on the light grey leather sofa and turned on the TV, focusing on whatever B list movie the channel was in the middle of playing.

The movie's credits rolled after 45 minutes and I began to feel a slight discomfort in my bladder area, which caused me to shuffle in my seat. My pussy rubbed up against the soft, warm leather as I wriggled my hips in the circles to hold back my wave of piss. My hand snapped to my crotch as pee slowly dripped out, immediately standing up to my feet to avoid any pee rolling onto the sofa and being noticed. Minute by minute, my desperation grew, Bastard probably put a laxative in my drink that morning. As I wondered around the house in curiosity with a hand softly placed in my crotch, I noticed hidden cameras placed around behind the decor and in the corners of every room. I was far from safe and if I pissed myself...he was gonna find out.

After an hour of silence and boredom, my desperation was at maximum levels. My curious wondering turned into quick up and down pacing and my soft hold turned into my hand shoved deep between my legs with a thin layer of sweat covering my naked body. My piss pushed against my urethra exit, threatening to spill through my fingers. Tears were filling up to the brim of my eyes as I felt punches in my bladder, it was super painful and I couldn't get past it. My hums turned to "ooohs" and my "ooohs" turned to "aahhs", my legs wrapped around each other like cables in an electrical box as I bounced my right leg up and down. I had never moved in such a quick pace in one spot. I had close calls with the bathroom but I have never held to this extent, especially since it could buy me an escape. But I didn't even need it.

"Lucy?!" I heard a whisper scream from outside calling my name. With my body convulsing, my hands shoved in between my crotch, I turned my head slowly to see my best friend, Daisy, looking through the window. Relief had washed over me, but not the one I was expecting. Tears rolled down my cheeks quicker than before and pee began dropping out quickly. I bounced on the spot to counteract my leaking, sobbing and crying out for help.

"D-Daisy...I need to get out of here, and I-I need to wee really badly." I coughed and splurged from crying so loudly, still holding back my pee with much pain.

"Oh Lucy...I'll get you outta there, don't worry!"

"H-hurryyyyy..." I cried out as Daisy ran away to find a way in. My bottom lip quivered as I imagined my sweet escape for both myself and my pee. My bladder began to spill more pee, making me cry louder and move my hips in circles, my hands shoved into my crotch with fingers pressed against my pee hole. Daisy eventually smashed open a window in the living room and crawled in, running up to me with fear and concern.

"Oh god, Lucy...everyone has been looking for you for a week now. We thought you were...we just thought you were unsafe. Come on. Let's get you to the car."

"D-Daisy...I can't move." I wriggled around on the spot with my hands in my crotch, Lucy standing behind me in silence. Suddenly, I felt arms around me, leading me out of the window and up to her red jeep, its engine still running. Daisy helped me into the car, buckling up my seat belt. I rocked back and forth with my hands in my crotch, not thinking that I was still naked and exposed to the entire neighbourhood.

"Right, Lucy, let's get you home, okay?"

"Mmm..um I need to pee though." Lucy looked down at my quivering pussy, pee rolling out into my fingers. I rubbed back and forth to stop pee from dripping onto her car seat.

"We need you out of here though. Can you hold on for 2 more minutes?" I nodded ferociously, just wanting to get out of there, but I didnt think about how my desperation was at its limits and It most likely wouldn't hold back for longer than 30 seconds. After Lucy buckled herself in and zoomed away, I felt a large leak squirt out, creating a puddle in my cuped hands.

"O-oh god...Lucy, I can't wait anymore, I'm sorry."

"Just pee, Daisy." Lucy said quietly, looking out to the road infront of her. I let out a moan of discomfort before resting back and relaxing my muscles. A large stream of piss squirted out of my vagina, landing on the dashboard. I panicked and held back, but after a reassuring pat on the shoulder from Lucy, I let go.

The sweet, craving relief of an escape was way past me. All I could think about is how my long awaited piss was hissing out of me, with my best friend next to me, I felt more than safe.

(Hope you enjoy the part 2! This will be the finale as I didnt enjoy this one as much, but regardless, I'll move on!)

