Date Panic! - Page 4

Author: OmoCommando

*076*2014-01-15 08:07

{{:

Balls... That is an awful hand... Nikki's got the best chances here. I would say hit. Hopefully the dealer doesn't have another face card under there...

}}

Indeed… getting a 12 when the dealer has 10 face up is a sign of bad things to come in your gambling experience… but you're determined not to surrender in front of your date! You brave the odds and accept a new card!

A five-of-diamonds! You're safe!

Nikki looks over at your cards and chuckles. "Might be enough… might not. I think I'll hit as well."

Your eyebrows rise. Hitting on 18? Someone was feeling bold.

She gets a three-of-spades. Figures.

"Ahahaha! Suck it!" The girl cheers.

Now what?

> Hit

> Stand

> Double

> Surrender

*085*2014-01-16 09:29

{{:

I'm gonna say hit.

}}

You know you're taking a risk… all the odds and statistics are telling you that standing is the safest… but...

You know that dealer has a face card under there. Regardless of odds, you were NOT going to lose your first game of the night during this big date! Time to spit in the face of chance!

"Hit." you say calmly. Nikki looks over at you with the slightest sense of apprehension.

The dealer picks up the card, and you barely manage to hide the cringe on your face as the card is laid down on the table.

Four of diamonds! What luck! A perfect 21!

The dealer flips his face-down card, which was a ten of spades. You silently cheer at your fortune.

###

You played three more hands and came out with an extra 100 chips! Once you cashed them in, it would put you at 300 cR! What a wonderful way to start out the evening!

"Nicely done!" Nikki says to you.

Just then, a stewardess walks up to the two of you. "It seems lady luck favors you tonight, folks! May I offer you some complimentary drinks?"

"Absolutely!" Nikki replies. She eagerly grabs the drinks and slides one down to you. A mojito.

Nikki grins at you. "Think you can win again?"

What should you do next?

> Play more blackjack

> Change games (specify game)

> Start dinner

> Other

Current Trust Level: Comfortable

(note: these drawings were done a bit hastily, I'll admit. Excuse the untidiness of the lines)

