Final Fantasy XIII: Interception

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2014-03-03 23:09

A small twist on a familiar event within the storyline of Final Fantasy XIII.

Some of the content in here is a little difficult to understand without some sort of context, so here’s a small glossary and prelude if you’re unfamiliar with the franchise.

{{:

Cocoon: The primary known world and home to the protagonist, Lightning, and her compatriots. Governed by the Sanctum Fal’Cie.

Fal’Cie: Powerful, and usually large entities that resemble fantastic machines. Tend to view humans as expendable and sometimes turn them into L’Cie. There are two kinds of Fal’Cie, those from Gran Pulse and those from Cocoon.

L’Cie: A human branded by a Fal’Cie to do its bidding with a mark that slowly grows over time. L’Cie are given powers above that of normal humans in order to complete a particular task. If the L’Cie completes his/her task, or “focus”, he/she enters a crystalized form of stasis. If they do not complete it before their brand has fully advanced, they transform into a monstrous Cie’th. L’Cie are greatly feared by Cocoon society.

Cie’th: Mindless, soulless, monster-like L’Cie who did not complete their focus. Embodiments of contempt and regret from their failed life, they exist only to destroy until their will fades away and they turn into stone.

The Sanctum: The ruling body of Cocoon. Headed by Primarch Galenth Dysley along with the Fal’Cie “Eden”.

PSICOM: Acronym for “Public Security and Intelligence Command”. They are one of the Sanctum’s two military branches, often tasked with cleansing “Pulse filth”, such as L’Cie.

Gran Pulse: Cocoon’s neighboring world that is supposedly filled with evil beings intent on destroying their Cocoon counterparts. In truth, little is known of this world.

The Purge: A movement ordered by the Sanctum to evict any and all civilians who may have come into contact with something related to Gran Pulse, and relocate them to the planet itself via train. The “Pulse infected” citizens were to be executed midway instead. In response, Snow Villiers and his group of vigilantes start a revolt to free the doomed refugees.

}}

Events thus far: (directly related to the game if context is important to you, but contains no omorashi)

{{:

In the hopes of rescuing her sister, Lightning has boarded the Purge Train to try and reach a Pulse Vestige that PSICOM is trying to move back to the planet of Gran Pulse. Lightning derails the train with the aid of Sazh Katzroy, and begins her attack against the wicked military branch.

Snow Villiers, a local hero and vigilante, has arrived with his group NORA to free the refugees the Sanctum is attempting to purge. In spite of his efforts to free the innocent civilians, the ruthless PSICOM retaliates, ending numerous lives.

A young boy, Hope Estheim, blames Snow for the death of his mother, who had gone to assist Snow in his fight against PSICOM, but was killed in the process. With the aid of a girl named Vanille, he follows Snow with hopes of confronting him about his mother’s death.

All parties converge on the Vestige, and eventually find Serah, who is Lightning’s sister, Snow’s fiancé, and one of the cursed L’Cie. She tells Lightning to “Save Cocoon” and then becomes encased in crystal. With the Fal’Cie who cursed Serah inside the vestige, Snow, Lightning and Sazh head in to demand Serah’s release from L’Cie bondage. Ignored by the gargantuan entity, they attack and destroy it, but as a final act, the Fal’Cie turns the entire group into L’Cie, and they share a vision of their focus: The destruction of Cocoon.

Upon the death of the Fal’Cie, the vestige crashes into the vast Lake Bresha below, causing the entire area to transform into a valley of pure crystal. Upon realizing that they had become L’Cie, Lightning and the others try to keep moving to avoid becoming PSICOM’s next target.

}}

###

Lightning folded up her gunblade, and placed it back into its holster. PSICOM was out for blood it seemed. Of all the damned luck, this little L’Cie brand had just sentenced her and the four others to forever be hunted by the Sanctum. Lightning subtly glared at Snow. He just seemed to be entirely focused on being a “hero”. Of all the immature attitudes, his annoyed her the most. Did her seriously believe he could save everyone? She doubted that Snow had any idea of the implications of his statement, or what that L’Cie brand meant for him.

“Well, I guess I’ll just have to save everyone!” He would say. Naive optimism. That’s what it was. Nothing more.

Sazh seemed to be taking it reasonably well, considering the circumstances. His motives for boarding the Purge train and helping her fight that monstrous Pulse Fal’Cie earlier were still a mystery; but it hardly mattered.

The boy, Hope. He seemed totally overwhelmed by it all. If he didn’t get it together, he wouldn’t survive this ordeal.

Then there was that pink-haired girl, Vanille. In a way, she seemed as if she expected it. Perhaps she was compartmentalizing everything, or maybe she was just in utter denial.

It didn’t matter. None of it mattered. As Lightning looked at the bodies of the defeated PSICOM troopers, she felt a burning hatred begin to grow inside of her. A wildfire of malice that was ready to spread and engulf everything around it.

“These guys are supposed to be cream of the crop.” Sazh commented. “If they know were here, we can’t stay put for very long.”

Lightning looked towards the horizon of the crystal sea. There was a temple in the distance. Maybe it would be a good place to hide until she could come up with a plan. Without saying anything, she began walking.

“Oh! I guess we’re on the move again!” Said Sazh.

Snow sighed. “When Lightning has a mission, she sticks with it.”

Lightning made a small smirk. It was true. Having a mission gave her a goal she could focus all her attention on. So what would her next goal be? Lightning took out a canteen of water and began drinking. Being a L’Cie was thirsty business.

“We headed for that ruin, Light?” Snow asked.

“Yeah.” She responded dryly.

The five L’Cie kept on their path as the hours passed by. Massive walls of water frozen as crystal lining the path, extending for miles. It was a sight to behold. Lightning felt awe to a small degree, but with the others watching behind her, she wasn’t about to show the slightest hint of sentimentality.

“Oh... uhm...” Lightning muttered to herself. A slight tingling pressure had suddenly made itself known in her lower body. Unlike the fictional world, biology waited for no man or woman. The time to find a bathroom was upon her. Lightning’s brow furrowed as she looked around the crystalized Lake Bresha. It was extremely unlikely she was going to find proper facilities in this barren place. “Guess I’ll just have to hold it.”

As they progressed forward, the crystal formations became more and more exotic. Gigantic blue cliffs lined with bright orange fire made still by the crystals. There was one formation that almost looked like a person. A girl even. It was almost as if...

Lightning gasped.

“Serah!” Snow shouted. It was her. Lightning’s sister, who she was ready to give up as lost, lay half buried in the crystal sea, encased in a crystal form of her own. The expression on her frozen face was almost... peaceful. For just a moment, Lightning forgot she was a L’Cie.

Serah... I thought you left us... She thought.

“Come on!” Snow yelled and grabbed a piece of metal debris. “We gotta get her outta there!”

“I’ll help!” Vanille said. She and Sazh each found a piece of debris as well and began to chip at the crystal like a pickaxe. Lightning just stared at them. Looking upon the still form of her sister, Lightning remembered the legend. “When L’Cie complete their focus, enter crystal slumber, until their Fal’Cie masters need them again.” What little joy Lightning began to feel, died in a instant. There was no getting around it. Serah was gone. Even if she was released from her dormant state, it would only be to complete another task for the Fal’Cie, then return to her sleep. And of course, if she did not or could not complete that focus before the “eye” of her brand was opened completely, she would be doomed to exist only as one of the monstrous Cie’th.

Now Lightning and the others shared that fate. The L’Cie clock ever ticking. Only problem was, no one had any idea what their focus was. There were three out comes that Lightning saw. One, focus completion, and enter the same crystal hibernation that Serah now underwent. Two, refuse to complete the focus, do whatever she wanted with her new magic powers until her proverbial timer ran out, and wander the world as a monster. Three, death. Pure and simple. All this was the result of one thing: The Sanctum’s paranoia of L’Cie, or anything to do with the neighboring world of Pulse. The anger inside began to burn again. Now Lightning had her mission: Destroy the Sanctum. Defy her focus.

“Lightning!”

Her thoughts broke. Snow’s yelling again.

“Aren’t you going to help!? This is Serah!”

“We want to help too.” Sazh said. “But think about: Without tools, we could be digging for days. The Sanctum’s on our trail. We won’t be able to dig her out before they show up.”

“No!” Snow shouted. “We can’t just leave her here!”

“What about your focus?” Lightning asked. “You’re going to sacrifice yourself and forget about it? You think that’s what Serah would want?”

Lightning reiterated her thoughts to Snow. How Serah was doomed no matter what. Forever cursed to be a Fal’Cie slave. But it apparently didn’t matter to the hot-headed, self-appointed “hero”.

“I’ll find a way to fix this! I’ll save Serah and Coccon!”

Lightning gritted her teeth, and clenched her fist. She couldn’t control her anger any longer, and Snow was giving her a way to vent it. She raised her arm and struck him right in the jaw. Snow staggered back from the blow.

“Don’t you get it!?” She yelled. “Serah is gone! The Sanctum is hunting us! There is nothing left to be done!” She shot a piercing glare at him. “All we can do now is survive!”

“But we have to-”

Lightning hit Snow again. This time, just for the sake of it.

“And now, despite the promises you’ve made to save cocoon, you’re going to throw it all away? Snow, you’re nothing but talk.”

Snow took his wrist and wiped the slight trickle of blood from his lip. “I can’t abandon her. Not like this.” He looked up at Lightning. “I’ll find a way to save both!”

“Great job so far.” Lightning shook her head. A bullet couldn’t pierce that thick skull of his, let alone reason. Survival was more important than this argument. Even the fact that she had to go to the bathroom was more important than this. With nary a word, Lightning continued towards the Bresha Ruins.

Sazh, Vanille and Hope looked over at Lightning, then over to Snow, then among each other.

“I’ll be fine.” Snow said. “You guys had better go. Lightning doesn’t like to slow down.”

Sazh reluctantly nodded. “All right then. Take care.” With everyone gone, Snow picked up his makeshift tool he had found and continued to chip away at the crystals around Serah.

###

As Lightning continued on, her need to empty her bladder grew. She looked back, and didn’t see the others. Perhaps they decided to stay with Snow. Perfect. Then now was as good a time as any. Lightning found a small nook in one of the crystal walls. A perfect place. She walked over and quickly unbuckled her belt. She then reached for the sides of her-

“You find something?”

Lightning jumped. It was Sazh. Apparently they did not stay with Snow.

“Uhm... no I was just... readjusting the strap on my holster.” She said quickly. She kept her face away from Sazh’s sight, knowing full well how red it probably was.

“Oh. All right then.”

With her uniform all buckled up again, Lightning rejoined the “team”, if that’s what it was. Nevertheless, the problem of needing to pee was still present.

Just focus on the Sanctum. Nothing else matters. She thought to herself. Her bladder was in disagreement with that thought, however. With pressure upon her lower body ever growing, Lightning struggled to maintain her composure. This wasn’t going to be easy. I have to stay strong! If she let her guard down, if she let the others now that something like bodily functions was keeping her down, she would appear weak to them. Still, if PSICOM attacked again while she was in this state... well, better hope that they don’t. Focus... just focus... And as she concentrated her hate upon her aggressors, the urgency to pee seemed to die down a bit. Thank the goddess. Lightning thought.

“There! Purge survivors!” said a voice muffled by a helmet. The four L’Cie stopped as PSICOM soldiers quickly surrounded them.

“There’s just no end to these guys!” Sazh commented.

“Just stay out of my way!” Lightning growled. As fast as her namesake, she drew her gunblade and fired at the two nearest soldiers. Sazh drew his pistols and fired at the first targets he spotted. Vanille and Hope stayed from afar, casting their magic abilities at the soldiers. Despite outnumbering their targets, the PSICOM soldiers couldn’t not hold their own against the power of the L’Cie. Falling victim to blade, bullet, fire, ice, and thunder, the ambush was quickly quelled.

Lightning winced. The urge to go was quickly becoming painful. Waves of discomfort blew over her body, trying to get her to release. She knew it wouldn’t be long until she lost control. As she stood there, looking around for possible soldiers, she kept her legs tightly together. She felt it. She was losing it.

“W-Well, we’d better keep moving.” She said to the others. “PSICOM’s net is closing fast.”

The others nodded and followed Lightning’s lead. As long as she was moving, she could keep her mind off of... things.

###

At last, the stone steps of the Bresha Ruins were underfoot. It was nice to no longer have to be on that slippery crystal. Fighting without footing was a pain. However, more urgent matters were taking precedence. Simply standing up straight was taking more effort than she could muster, and it was taking all her willpower to keep herself from placing her hand between her legs and holding herself. She looked around for anything. Any sort of place that would be suitable for a woman to relieve herself. Behind that fallen pillar? Over in that crater? And how would she do it without alerting the others?

Lightning tensed. The sudden feeling of those lower body muscles relaxing and tightening, followed by the feeling of something leaking out of her body, and the sensation of wet warmth spreading across her panties.

“Oh no!” She gasped. Her hands went straight to her crotch. The leak stopped, but what a leak it was. The damp spot felt pretty large. With the way her uniform was, though, perhaps no one would notice.

Lightning quickly returned to a more normal stance, still trying her best to maintain the image of a cool, calculated soldier who was ready for anything. Sazh and Hope were checking out part of the ruin and didn’t seem to notice Lightning’s... predicament. But where did Vanille go?

“You too, huh?”

Lightning looked to her left to see Vanille, who had the same worried expression she did. Her legs tightened in the same manner as her own.

“I’ve had to go since about when we left Snow.”

“Yeah...” Lightning admitted. “I’m not going to last much longer.”

“Come on, we’ll find a place to go while the boys are away!” Vanille looked over to Sazh and Hope. “Hey guys, we’re going to look ahead! You stay here, all right?”

Sazh waved in acknowledgement. “Yeah sure. We’ll hold down the fort.”

Vanille tilted her head in the opposite direction. “Come on! Now’s out chance!”

Lightning and Vanille went ahead through the ruin. There appeared to be a lot of crystalized fires. It was beautiful in a frightening way. But other things had to be taken care of first.

“Uh oh...” Vanille sounded worried.

Lightning looked to where she was and saw it. More PSICOM troops. “Terrific.” She mumbled.

“This isn’t god! I have to go now! I can’t fight them off!” Vanille whined silently. There was a small nook between two fallen pillars out of sight. “Come on, let’s just go right there!”

Lightning shrugged. There was little choice. Fighting on a full bladder was... strenuous. Vanille didn’t waste time. She ran over to the corner and pulled that fur skirt of hers up. She lowered her undergarments, she spread her legs apart slightly, and Lightning soon heard the sound of a strong stream piddling onto stone.

“What... the...” Lightning stammered.

“Where I come from, it’s pretty normal for girls to be able to do this.” Vanille explained. The pink-haired girl happily peed on the stone pillar while standing like it was second nature to her. As a soldier, it wasn’t uncommon for Lightning to have to pee outside, but this? She didn’t even know the female sex was capable of this, and yet Vanille made it appear so natural.

The stream of pee coming from Vanille’s body slowed to a trickle, and then stopped completely. “Awwww,” she whined while getting a rag from a pouch on her side. “It sprayed on my ankles!” She turned to look at Lightning. “Rule on for girls peeing standing: Don’t pee in the wind. Rule two: Don’t pee on hard surfaces, if it can be avoided.”

Of course, not peeing now would result in something far worse than a few stray drops on the ankles. No more time to wait. Lightning reached for the belt on her shorts and began to unbuckle.

“There’s the L’Cie!”

Lightning stopped and looked up. More PSICOM troopers and their war mechs. “This can’t be happening... why can’t I just be left to do what I need to do?” She whispered. Lightning drew her weapon again and prepared to fight.

###

All the fighting was attracting even more PSICOM soldiers. Lightning turned and headed deeper into the ruins with Vanille, hoping to lose their pursuers while still finding a secluded place to hide and go pee. Lightning’s bladder began to give way again. As another spurt moistened her panties, she lost her balance while running. “Dammit!” She quickly regained her balance and continued running.

Then she saw an opportunity. A fallen pillar, resting atop two upright pillars. Lightning and Vanille ran through, then Lightning aimed her gunblade up at the pillar and fired a shot to the center. Piercing the stonework, the pillar split in half and blocked the path.

“Looks like were safe for now.” Vanille said. She then heard the sound of metal hitting the ground. Lightning had dropped her sword. Looking over at the woman, Vanille saw her hunched over, both hands desperately grasping her crotch.

“There’s no way I’m going to make it any further!” She gasped.

“Then just pee here!” Vanille shouted. “It’s better than going in your clothes! I won’t look, I promise!”

Lightning nodded. She carefully moved her hands off of her crotch, once again trying to loosen her belt...

A loud roar filled the air.

“What now!?” Vanille asked.

A large, winged beast cut through the air. It’s appearance was bizarre, having a head in the front but a giant maw behind it, and a long blue, iridescent tail with a pointed tip. The gargantuan creature loomed over the two girls. Lightning stared up in horror at the oversized creature. It was definitely one of PSICOM’s domesticated peacekeepers. Interceptor class, and one of the deadliest. A true anti-infantry unit, there was no way two people, even L’Cie, could hope to take that thing out. It’s smaller mouth began to pulse with energy. It was charging up for a super attack.

“This is it...” Lightning fretted. “This is the end...” She hadn’t faced her mortality like this before. Not as a L’Cie. And after the Fal’Cie had taken everything from her, she was just going to die right here. Lightning braced herself for the impact, terror filling up her heart. She had completely forgotten about the fact she had a full bladder. As she sat there in a crouched position, she watched as liquid began soak through her clothes, a dark puddle expanding beneath her, encompassing her boots.

Bang! Bang! The sound of gunfire resonated in the back. The interceptor staggered back as bullets struck its armored hide.

“Lightning! It’s going away!” Vanille exclaimed.

Lightning looked up and sure enough, the creature was flying off.

“Now you can-” Vanille noticed the puddle on the ground. “Oh...” Her hand covered her mouth. “You didn’t make it...”

Lightning’s face flushed. She tried to make an explanation. An excuse. But no words came out. How could a trained soldier like her lose face like that? She had panicked, and now... now her loss of control was outwardly evident. As she stood up, she looked at the damage. Nearly the entire bottom and back of her shorts were soaked, a highly visible dark and damp spot.

Another roar sounded. As the interceptor flew away, it made a u-turn and began to charge at Lightning and Vanille at full speed. Lightning’s composure returned to her. She picked up her sword and entered a fighting stance. “Get ready!”

“But your pants...” Vanille protested.

“I can worry about it later! Right now, this thing needs to die!”

The sound of footsteps could be heard approaching. Lightning turned her head and saw Sazh and Hope running towards them.

“Everybody in one piece?” Sazh asked.

“We’re fine!” Vanille responded.

“But it looks like our friend isn’t done with us!” Hope noted.

Through a careful use of weapons and magic, the group fought with the mechanical beast. As it charged by, Lightning jumped over it, slashing at the creature as it passed under her. Sazh gave it a few carefully placed shots to the wings while Vanille and Hope peppered it with various spells. Its wings heavily damaged, the interceptor was unable to maintain flight, and crashed into a nearby pillar. The pillar fell atop the beast, and ceased to move.

“Finally...” Sazh panted.

“That was the toughest fight yet...” Vanilla added.

Hope looked at Lightning, then at the nearby puddle. “Um... is everything okay, Lightning?”

Lightning turned her head, her face once again flushing with embarrassment. “My... canteen spilled.”

“Oh...” Hope said, his tone rife with skepticism.

“Just ignore it, all right!?” Lightning yelled.

Hope swallowed. “O-Okay!”

Lightning sighed. “We’d better keep moving before more PSICOM mechs arrive.”

