Desperate Daughter

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-11-27 19:51

Note: The girl in this story is 19 and has a strict step-dad! This is not an underage character, that is NOT my thing at all! Please keep this in mind!

Also keep in mind that a there's some implied/tad incest in this! I don't agree with this and it's not a kink, personally. I just thought it would add to the characters! No smut though! I'm not going that far. Stop at "Wow." if you don't wanna see it!

"Smoking weed AND kissing boys? You really are pushing it, Samantha, you really are." Brian clenched the steering wheel, not looking at his guilty daughter in the passenger seat.

"I'm sorry, but I'm in university now, so what do you expect?!"

"What a piss poor excuse! No phone, no TV, no friends over. NOTHING!"

Speaking of piss...Samantha began squirming in her seat a little bit, her thighs fanning in and out. She hadn't used the toilet since 7am, which was a good 9 hours of piss in her.

"W-well, I could use the toilet right now. Could we stop off?" Samantha whined, lifting herself up a bit with a hand slid into her crotch.

"No, you're holding it until we get home. I'm not stopping."

"SERIOUSLY?! I could piss in your seat right this second!" She whined some more.

"Language, Samantha! I'm not stopping. You can hold it like the grown up you think you are!"

The rest of the 30 minute car trip from her university to her house was in uncomfortable silence, with Brian's disappointed sighs echoing around the car. Sam's clenched pussy muscles grew weak as a few piss drops rolled into her underwear, making her bounce her ass up and down in the leather. Both of her hands were squeezing her crotch tightly, giving her some form of relief. Brian took his eyes off of the road and rolled his eyes.

"Oh my god, Samantha, control yourself. You're not gonna piss your knickers, for fuck sake."

"Oooohhh..." Samantha moaned under her breath as she crossed her legs and lifted herself up from the seat with both hands. It was a long ass ride.

They eventually reached their house and Samantha immediately unbuckled her seatbelt, swinging the car door open and running up to their front door. After a few bobs up and down, she ran into her house and for the bathroom, only to find her brother taking a shower in there.

"Oi! Asshole! Hurry up! I....I need to pee!" Sam bounced up and down on the spot with a hand in her crotch.

"I only got in! Just hold it for a few more minutes!" Marcus, her brother, shouted over the running water.

Sam moaned and whined at the door, squirming and wriggling around only to see her mum standing in the doorway. They caught eyes and immediately, Sam regretted not popping a squat outside.

"Samantha. Brian told me what you've done today and I'm really disappointed. Get to your room right now!" Claire demanded, almost too calmly.

"But I have to-"

"GO! Before I tell Brian and he'll drag you by your hair so I don't think you'd want that." Samantha felt defeated. She was grounded for god knows how long and to make it worse, she was about to piss herself and her parents are practically sadistic.

As she paced around her room, Samantha found no sign of relief for her full bladder. She sat down on her bed with her thighs clapping together, her hands digging at her pussy.

"Ohhhh fuck! Fuck fuck fuck fuck, I'm gonna piss myself. Then I'll get the blame and I won't even see summer next year!"

With no warning, a 2 second stream flowed out of her with ease, slightly leaking out of her lace underwear. Samantha squealed and clamped her hands against her vagina, kicking her feet rapidly in the air. She stood and hobbled around, doubling over and bouncing. Suddenly, her step-dad entered the room with tea in his hand.

"Here you are, Samantha." He placed it down on her desk before looking up and seeing his squirming daughter. "Oh for christ sake, Sam, did you not use the toilet?"

"N-noooo...Marcus was in there! I can't hold it much longer, Brian! I-I really need a wee!" She whined.

"Hold it." Brian growled, a smirk on his face. Then the door was shut, leaving Samantha with a leaky pussy and muffled whimpers. The hardest part wasn't the fact that she had to pee, but that she's probably going to piss herself infront of her pervy step-dad. The thoughts consumed her as she wobbled around her room, pee slowly leaking out of her.

"Uggghhh, I can't hold it! I'm gonna wee on myself." Samantha began undressing until she was stood in nothing but her underwear, a few drops of piss rolling down her legs. "Fuck it..."

As she scrambled for her underwear and pulled them to one side, her pussy muscles relaxed and her stream let go on the floor, pitter pattering on the carpet. Samantha arched her back and moaned out loud, taking in the relieving moment.

"Samantha, Marcus is out so you can...use...the-" Brian stood in the doorway, watching Samantha's pussy fluctuate, the yellow stream trickling out of it. Piss that escaped her before her panties were discarded slowly slid down her legs, dripping onto the carpet along with the rest of it. Her body twitched from the relief, the smile spread across her face turned into an "O" shape as more moans left her mouth.

"Ohhhh fuck. That felt good." Samantha moaned, as her stream came to an end.

"Wow." Immediately, Samantha snapped from her dazed moment, pulling her panties over her pussy before her bladder could let out the last tiny bit of its contents. Brian shut the door behind him and circled around Sam, looking her up and down. She smirked slightly, her hips still slightly bucked.

"Like what you see?"

"Don't tell your mum."

They were both in for one hell of a night.

*003*2023-11-28 12:42

{{16 hours ago, aumonier95 said:

Since you write stuff in areas you are not completely comfortable with, it is not easy to be very detailed in the feedback. So I will just say that I liked reading your story.

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed. It is strange to write in areas I'm not used to, but I'm not too well versed in omorashi writing so this is all mostly just "top of my head" thinking!

{{8 hours ago, Frankfrankfran said:

I absolutely love this story. Great job on it

}}

Thank you so much!

*005*2023-11-28 12:51

{{2 minutes ago, Frankfrankfran said:

I know this is not your typical writing, but will there be more chapters to the story?

}}

I wasn't thinking on writing another chapter as it was gonna be a one off story, but if y'all are wanting to see more, I'm open to hearing some ideas!

*007*2023-11-28 14:17

{{1 hour ago, Frankfrankfran said:

Well, if you’re not comfortable with it getting into sexual content. You could keep with the grounding punishment and start her off desperate in the morning forced to hold it due to her step father, purposely delaying her

}}

That sounds great! I COULD dive into sexual content although I'm not too sure how we'll it might go with viewers as slight incest is included! I wouldn't want to push boundaries!

But if y'all would enjoy that, then I can go there, for sure!

*010*2023-12-02 11:21

{{On 11/28/2023 at 3:08 PM, OldWetGuy said:

How does one write Slight Incest. I don’t ask as a criticism or confrontation, but with an honest curiosity.

}}

I'm not even sure. I guess its incest that's "subtly implied" or included in tiny parts in the text/story.

I hate incest so didn't want to really include it, but I guess the step dad character came to mind and there I went. So in came slight incest 😂

{{On 11/29/2023 at 4:34 AM, Frankfrankfran said:

It is definitely intriguing. So I would be interested in reading it. If you’re comfortable with writing it that is.

}}

I probably won't continue with this story as I'm a TAD uncomfortable about incestral story lines, but if you have any more ideas you want to see for future stories then I'd love to hear them!

