Research Samples

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2014-12-09 10:33

Prologue: The Sample

The girl looked down at the pamphlet for a few seconds, her expression quickly shifting from curiosity to confusion. Then she looked up and asked, "So like what does it actually do?"

Clarice sighed inwardly. "Like the description there says, it's an enzyme which transforms naturally occurring proteins into different proteins, so that we can do some research to figure out if there might be a medical use for those new proteins." The team had tried to make the language on the volunteer information handout as simple and accessible as they could, but most of the volunteers still didn't seem to understand it and ended up asking Clarice to explain everything anyway.

The one across the desk from her now had a vacant expression that seemed to say she had stopped listening somewhere around the word 'enzyme', and Clarice found herself wondering if the girl had even seen the inside of a biology classroom since high school. "We think it might be useful in treating various conditions, including... um," the girl's vacant look hadn't changed yet, and she glanced down at the cup of pills on the desk as if they were somehow the source of her confusion. Realizing that this was getting nowhere, Clarice gave another silent sigh and changed tactics. "Well, like keeping skin clear and healthy, for one thing, and-"

The volunteer's face lit up instantly. "Really? Aw great," she interrupted. After that Clarice just had to go over the details of the stipend and show her where to sign, and then the girl took the pills and left to hang out at the Starbucks across the street for the next half hour.

Clarice grumbled to herself a little as she sat back down behind the campus health center receptionist's desk. It was just like Camille said earlier. Even a girl with only the vaguest understanding of things like enzymes and proteins and biology in general knew something about skin care, and all it took to get a confused undergrad volunteer to sign her consent form was a quick mention of 'clear healthy skin'. It wasn't a lie or anything - one of the most promising potential applications they were looking into was was a treatment for certain forms of early-onset heritable hyperkeratosis - but Clarice still didn't like having to work around other people's ignorance with that kind of half-truth.

She kept grumbling silently about it for a few minutes until her next volunteer arrived. It was another undergrad girl, and it looked like this one had just been hanging out at that Starbucks before she came here. She had light brown hair with platinum blonde highlights and she was wearing a cute sleeveless crop top and cute tight denim short shorts and cute little strappy flat sandals, just perfect for looking good and staying comfortable in the summer heat. She was holding a large coffee cup with that familiar mermaid logo, and she drank down the last of its contents and tossed the empty cup in the trash before she came up to the desk where Clarice was waiting.

"Hi, I'm Tara. I saw your ad earlier, are you still looking for volunteers?" the girl asked hopefully. Clarice gave her the usual bright and cheerful welcome and handed her the information pamphlet and showed her the pills, and unlike that last airhead, when Tara opened the pamphlet and started to read it she remained bright-eyed and focused. "Okay, so it's about creating designer proteins to use for some kind of medical treatment," Having quickly summarized the handout's information, she looked up and asked, "What kind of proteins does your enzyme act on, and what are you working on developing treatments for?"

Clarice happily answered her questions, somewhat heartened at a prospective volunteer who actually seemed to understand her explanation. Even though Tara didn't seem to be a science major or anything, she could at least grasp the terminology involved well enough to ask relevant questions, which was more than could be said for most of today's other volunteers. Clarice ended up going into quite a bit more detail than usual, and while she was explaining everything Tara pulled a large bottle of water out of her cute backpack and started absentmindedly sipping from it. "Right now we're still trying to determine if this whole approach will produce the levels of modified protein that we need. According to the theory our methods should be viable, but if it doesn't work out we'll just need to find another source," Clarice concluded with a tone of cautious optimism.

"Well, it sure sounds interesting anyway," Tara replied, chuckling. "And I could really use the money. So all I need to do is sign here, take the pills and then give a sample, right?" She looked down at the consent form and reached for the pen.

"That's right. You can come back in about a half hour for that part."

Tara stopped halfway through her signature and looked up. "Oh, I don't need to wait or anything. I'm ready to go right away."

"Oh, yes, you can take the pills right away. It's just after that you'll just need to wait about a half hour for the enzyme to take effect."

"Aw gee, really?" Tara set the pen down, frowning. "I was kinda on the way to my final just now. Does it have to be in a half hour? How about if I come back a little later? in like an hour or two?"

"Oh, that shouldn't be a problem." Most of the volunteers had wanted to get everything over with as soon as possible, but as far as Clarice knew there wasn't any reason why waiting a little longer should make a difference.

"Great!" Tara exclaimed, grinning. "I'll see you in a little while, then." She finished signing and she took the pills, washing them down with another gulp from her water bottle, and then she left. Clarice wished her luck with her final and sat back down to wait for the next volunteer.

Two and a half hours later she was still sitting there waiting when the door opened again. Clarice got up right away with a smile on her face, which disappeared when she saw who it was.

"Heyyy, how are you doing over here?" Camille asked with a smirk as she sauntered up and leaned on the desk. "Got a lot of volunteers? Betcha I got more," she giggled. Camille was the other postdoc working on this project, and as usual she had found a way to turn it into a competition.

Clarice sighed softly, annoyed. "Come on, Cam. I already told you this is research, not some kind of race."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Cam waved away her objections. "well just because it's research doesn't mean we can't have a little fun with it. Anyway, I already dropped my samples off at the lab and the results should be ready soon, so just meet me there when you've got enough." She trotted off down the hall to the lab, ignoring Clarice's second annoyed sigh.

Even though Clarice was pretty sure they had all the samples the project needed already, there was still something she had to wait for. She didn't have to wait long, however. Almost as soon as she sat back down the door opened again, and this time it was just who Clarice was hoping for.

"Oh, Tara. I'm glad to see you again. I was starting to get worried that you wouldn't make it."

"Uh-huh. Me too. I'm really glad I made it." Tara replied as she came up to the desk. Her voice seemed a bit strained and there was something odd about the way she was walking, but Clarice couldn't quite put her finger on what it was. "So um, I can just give you the sample right now, right?"

"Of course. Come right through here." Clarice gestured to the door that separated the lobby from the receptionist's desk area. "Just let me get this first..." She turned and knelt to reach into the cabinet behind the desk. Then Tara came through the door, and as soon as she did Clarice froze wide-eyed and gave a little surprised gasp. Kneeling like she was meant her eyes were right about level with Tara's bellybutton, which meant she was looking right at Tara's bare midriff, between the bottom of her crop top and the top of her short shorts. And that meant she just couldn't help but notice that Tara was sporting an absolutely spectacular bladder bulge.

There was no mistaking the gentle yet pronounced curvature of Tara's lower abdomen, a broad swell that started just above Tara's bellybutton and extended downward in a long ovoid shape with just a bit of the lowest corner hidden by the waistband of Tara's shorts. That bulge was a clear and very obvious sign of Tara's very full bladder, and as soon as Clarice saw it she suddenly noticed a whole collection of equally obvious signs, particularly the way Tara just couldn't seem to keep still. She was squirming nonstop, shifting her weight back and forth and side to side and wiggling her hips constantly. Her thighs were pressed tightly together, and she seemed to be leaning forward at the waist just a little bit. The longer Clarice watched the more certain she became that Tara really had to go.

"Do you, um, need something?" Tara asked after a few long moments in that same strained nervous voice as before, which startled Clarice back to attention.

"Oh! I... yes, I've got it right here," Clarice pulled the sample cup from the cabinet, blushing suddenly at having been caught staring. She stood up and gestured down the hall. "Here, it's right this way." Tara turned and trotted that way as fast as she could while keeping her thighs pressed together, with Clarice following after her and staring again, quickly concluding that not only did Tara really have to go, she really couldn't hold it much longer.

When they reached the bathroom door Clarice hastily unscrewed the lid of the sample cup and offered it to Tara, who moved to accept it only to suddenly let out a gasp and shove both hands into her crotch. She stayed like that for a few moments with a wide-eyed expression of intense and concentration. Then she snatched the cup with one hand and began to fumble at her shorts with the other, dashing into the bathroom without pausing to close the door. Clarice stood there for a few more moments, tense with anticipation, until there was a soft hiss and a loud splattering sound, followed by an even louder moan of relief.

"She made it," Clarice whispered to herself, sighing and letting the tension drain away. "I'm really glad she made it." That splattering sound, already starting to change to splashes, was one that Clarice recognized immediately. It was the distinctive and very familiar sound of a powerful jet of fluid shooting into an empty cup at close range and rapidly filling it up. It was, in other words, the sound of Tara producing a urine sample.

After a little while Clarice noticed the bathroom door was still open and leaned over to close it, glancing in the mirror as she did so and catching a glimpse of Tara's shorts crumpled around her ankles as she perched at the edge of the toilet seat. After a while longer the hissing and splashing finally faded away, and after another while Tara emerged from the bathroom, again fully dressed and with the very full sample cup in her hand. Clarice carefully took it from her and screwed the lid back on, then they both went back to the receptionist's desk to deal with the remaining paperwork and other arrangements.

Later, in the lab, Clarice and Camille were reviewing their results together. "Looks like I got two more test subjects than you did," Camille bragged, smirking again as she read the results coming up on the screen.

"Quit trying to turn everything into a contest, Cam," Clarice scolded her fellow postdoc yet again. She had brought her collected samples to the lab as soon as Tara left, and all that remained now was to wait for the mass spectrometer to produce its results.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, well let's just see who's got the best samples. You haven't lost yet. And who knows, your samples might have higher protein levels or something." Cam was still smirking. Those protein levels were what mattered for this experiment, not the number of samples. If they got good levels of enough of the target proteins it would mean their enzyme was a viable candidate for use in the next phase of research. Otherwise they would have to start over with trying to figure out a different approach, and that was sure to put the whole project behind schedule. Clarice gave Cam a quick glare, then went back to examining the results.

For a few moments both of them just stared at the screen in silence. Then Clarice let out a soft "Wow," blinked a few times and looked again. "That's..."

"How did you do that!" Cam burst out. "These numbers can't be right. What did you do to this thing?" She jabbed a finger toward the screen, pointing at the same set of numbers that Clarice was still staring at. The results from most of the samples were just about what they expected, with protein levels right in the range predicted by their experimental hypothesis. But the numbers for one particular sample were different, and according to them, that single sample contained far higher levels of all their target proteins than any of the others, levels even higher than those predicted by their most optimistic projections. If those numbers were accurate, it could have enormous implications for their research. Cam, however, was still focused on her little competition. "How did your results end up so much better than mine? Did you do something weird with that sample? How the heck did you get results like that!?" she demanded.

"I..." Clarice began, still hardly believing the numbers she was looking at. Then, belatedly registering Cam's accusations, she turned and snapped, "Will you forget about that stupid imaginary competition business already? This is important!" Cam opened her mouth for an indignant reply, but thought better of it. Clarice continued, "Now I don't know what happened, and I certainly didn't do anything to make it happen, but if we can figure it out and find a way to consistently reproduce this kind of result it could turn our project into a major avenue of research. Got it?" She left unsaid the rest, about the funding that such a breakthrough bring to the department and the prestige that it would bring the two postdocs who made the discovery, but she could see that Cam was thinking the same thing.

Cam kept thinking about all of that for a few seconds, then gave a reluctant nod. "Fine. But if you didn't do anything then what's going on? Because something weird must have happened with that sample, unless it's just some kind of fluke."

Clarice thought about that. "Something weird, huh?" she muttered. She looked again at the sample ID number on the screen above the anomalous and excellent results, and she thought back to what she saw just a little while ago. "Well I can't be sure, but I think I might have an idea..."

Experiment #1: The Final

When Clarice came into the lab the next day she was bright and cheerful, and Cam looked up from her workstation with a knowing grin. "So I guess you figured it out, huh?"

Clarice snickered a little and replied, "Well I can't be sure just yet, but I'm making good progress. I should have a definitive answer by-"

"Too late then!" Cam interrupted, grinning even more and turning her screen so Clarice could see it. "Because I've got it all figured out."

"Huh?" Clarice came over, frowning partly in annoyance at the quick return of Camille's annoying competitiveness but mostly in confusion. "What do you mean? Yesterday you said you didn't even have any idea what to look for." Cam had spent the rest of their lab time yesterday trying to come up with an idea about what might have caused the day's mysterious results, while Clarice got started following up on her own idea.

"Well I came up with something after we left." Cam replied. "Here, look," she hit a key on her workstation and started a video playing. "That's her, right?" Clarice looked at the screen and the video playing on it, a scene of a moderately crowded classroom, focused on a single desk from behind. After a second a girl walked over to that desk. Her upper body was out of the frame, but her long legs and short shorts and strappy flat sandals looked pretty familiar, and when she sat down and turned around to reach for her backpack Clarice could see that it was Tara.

"I knew it!" Cam declared, seeing Clarice's look of recognition. "She's gotta be the one who gave you the special sample. I knew you'd recognize her right away too, those highlights in her hair are really distinctive."

"But that's... but how did you..." Clarice sputtered for a moment. "But... how could you tell?" She searched the screen for any clues, like a glimpse of a familiar information pamphlet or volunteer form in that backpack, but there was nothing. "How did you even find a video of her?" She cried, now even more confused.

"Oh, just watch. I'm sure you'll figure it out." Cam snickered, smirking again. On the screen Tara was carefully arranging a set of pencils, her water bottle, and some papers on her desk. Then she leaned forward over the papers, and the camera immediately zoomed in to focus on her rear end.

"Um..." Clarice muttered, suddenly uncomfortable. "Is that, uh, trying to see her..."

"Oh yeah, I'll skip this part." Cam started tapping buttons to seek the video ahead. "See, apparently there's some kind of rumor that what's-her-name there never wears any panties, so somebody in her class started taking video of her to see if it's true." she snickered some more. "That's why they spend so much time looking at her butt and trying to see her buttcrack.

Clarice grimaced. She would have preferred to use the term 'gluteal cleavage'. She suddenly caught herself recalling that brief glimpse of Tara's shorts about her ankles and trying to decide if there'd been any sign of underwear to be seen, then grimaced again and put the image aside. Cam hit another button and the video started playing again, with Tara in the middle of taking a drink from her water bottle. Seeing that, Clarice quickly glanced at the video's progress bar, currently at a few minutes out of just over two hours, then at its title, which said something about a Summer final. This was the final that Tara mentioned when she volunteered, which mean that bottle of water was the same one she started drinking at the health center. But in the video it was already nearly empty, and with a sudden sense of foreboding Clarice thought back to Tara's empty coffee cup.

So it was no surprise when after only a little while (and another zoomed-in portion which Camille also skipped) Tara started to look a little bit uncomfortable and began to squirm slightly in her seat. Tara was so focused on the test that she didn't even seem to notice, however, and kept on absently taking sips from her water bottle even as her discomfort gradually got even worse and even more obvious. And when the bottle was empty she just placed it on the floor and reached into her backpack for another one and started taking sips from it instead. Clarice was starting to get uncomfortable just watching it.

Tara's squirming and fidgeting kept getting worse and worse, until her hips were wiggling sporadically back and forth and her tightly crossed legs were flexing in a semi-rhythmic motion. Eventually Tara's hand slipped between her thighs too, and it was around that point that Tara looked up from her test and glanced at her water bottle nervously, then slipped it back into her backpack. It was almost half-empty. Tara went back to working on the test, with her legs now crossed even more tightly and one hand planted firmly between her thighs, but her situation just kept on getting worse.

Clarice could tell just what was happening, and she knew just what was going to happen next. Tara's bladder was clearly very full already, and now that Tara had belatedly noticed it she was clearly trying her best to deal with the uncomfortable situation without letting it interfere with her concentration. But after drinking a whole big bottle of water and nearly half of another bottle, and most importantly a big cup of coffee before that, Tara's situation was going to get a whole lot more uncomfortable before long.

Clarice found herself thinking back to something Tara had said at the health center yesterday, an oblique mention that her bladder was at least a little bit full already. Clarice had hardly even noticed it at the time, but that brief comment had tremendous implications for the events now unfolding on the screen. Clarice found herself thinking about the biology of the developing situation as she watched.

If Tara's body was responding even a little bit to the considerable recent dose of caffeine she just took, it meant that most of the considerable volume of water she just drank was rapidly draining out of her system, through her kidneys and right into her already uncomfortably full bladder. Watching Tara's increasingly obvious distress, Clarice tried to tell herself that it couldn't be quite as bad as it seemed, since she already knew Tara would make it back to the health center in time to release the contents of her bulging bladder into a conveniently available sample cup, but that didn't make watching Tara's suffering a whole lot easier.

And Tara's suffering was still getting worse. Her restless squirming slowly but surely grew more and more intense until she looked positively frantic. It looked like her bladder must be nearly filled to the brim by now, and Clarice knew there was still worse to come. She again glanced apprehensively at the video progress bar, wondering how much worse things could possibly get before the video and Tara's ordeal was finally over.

Then, after a particularly intense surge that made Tara's whole body briefly tense up, Tara slipped both hands under the desk and started fiddling with her shorts. Clarice froze with dread, suddenly afraid that Tara was about to reach for the empty water bottle that was still sitting on the floor and do something she was sure to regret later, particularly once she inevitably discovered that it was caught on camera. But Tara only tugged at her shorts a little bit and shifted position slightly and then returned to her test, now looking much less distressed than before. It took a moment for Clarice to realize that the shorts were resting a little lower on Tara's hips.

It took another moment for whoever was operating the camera to notice, at which point the view zoomed in on Tara's butt once again, focused on her gluteal cleavage where it peeked out just a bit over the waistband of her newly lowered shorts. Cam snickered as she skipped the video ahead, remarking, "Looks like somebody got a better view than they expected this time." 

Clarice winced at that, and at Tara's slight accidental exposure, but mostly she just marveled at how much more comfortable Tara looked now. The waistband of the girl's shorts must have been squeezing her bulging bladder really badly, and it made sense that doing something about that squeezing would improve Tara's situation, but even so it seemed to have made way more of a difference than Clarice would have expected. She wondered how much of the effect was really physiological and how much was psychological, but then she caught herself designing an experiment to figure it out and decided it really wasn't important enough to bother thinking about too hard.

Tara's situation, meanwhile, started getting worse once again, but more gradually this time, and it never quite reached the same level of blatant and undeniable urgency as before. Just when Tara seemed to be getting a bit frantic again she put down her pencil and quickly flipped through the test, then started putting her things away. With no small relief Clarice saw from the progress bar that the video was almost over, and that most of the other students in the background had already left. 

Tara took her backpack and swiveled out of her seat and started to stand up, only to suddenly gasp and sit back down again with both hands clutching at her crotch and a very tense expression on her now partly-visible face, her whole body trembling. After a few moments she stood up more carefully, showing the camera a perfect profile of her magnificent bladder bulge before she turned away. That bulge was every bit as spectacular as Clarice remembered from yesterday, and when the camera turned to follow Tara trotting up to the front of the room and placing her test on the proctor's desk Clarice saw that the way she was walking was just like yesterday too.

Then the video was over and Clarice sat back, emotionally exhausted from having shared Tara's ordeal. Camille, meanwhile, declared with excitement, "There. See? I had a hunch last night so I did a few searches and this came up. It all makes sense now. That's where the protein levels came from!"

"It... huh?" Clarice muttered in response. Watching the video had got her so wrapped up in sympathy for Tara's plight that she'd all but forgotten about the experiment and the mysterious sample and the reason Cam showed her the video in the first place.

Ignoring Clarice's confusion, Cam kept right on going. "It's the hormones and the pH balance, just like we spent all that time dealing with." In the early stages of the project they had spent some time trying to work out what kind of effects various environmental factors such as pH and temperature would have on the enzyme's effectiveness. Issues arising from certain ambient hormones that would interfere with it were among the most difficult to resolve, and the major reason why they hadn't used any male volunteers for the experiment. Issues with the surrounding pH level were an even bigger problem, and a large part of the reason they needed to use volunteer test subjects in the first place. "We were trying to come up with an enzyme that would work in the bloodstream, but we ended up making one that works even better in the bladder!"

"In the... wait, so... you mean...?" Thinking about it, she had to admit the idea almost made sense. The enzyme would surely work differently in a less tightly controlled pH environment, although there was no way to know exactly what kind of effect that would have without an experiment. And all of the proteins that the enzyme acted upon were passed through the kidneys intact, as were the enzyme itself and all of its products.

"That's right," Cam continued, "so when that test subject of yours let her bladder get really full and kept holding it a really long time even though she had to go really bad, she ended up turning that big full bladder of hers into the best source of our proteins that we could have hoped for!"

Clarice sat stunned for a moment, then burst out, "But you can't be sure! It could be something else, right? What if..." she paused, thinking. "What if it's just because she waited longer? All the other volunteers took their pills and came right back after a half hour. She was the only one who waited any longer. What if that's all there is to it?" That was the idea Clarice came up with yesterday, and although it didn't seem to fit together quite like what Camille had just described it was still a possibility.

Cam nodded, still grinning. "That's possible, sure. Or it could just be a fluke, or it could have something to do with the girl herself, or something else we haven't thought of. But if I'm right then it means we just made a breakthrough, and I've got just the way to make sure." She snickered gleefully, then leaned forward intently. "Now tell me, how long did that girl of yours actually wait? After she took the pills, I mean."

"Her name's Tara. And I guess..." Clarice blinked, trying to remember. "It must have been about two and a half hours. But why...?"

"Is that all?" Cam snickered some more. "I would have thought it was longer for Tara's bladder to get filled right up to the brim like that. Maybe she just had more to drink than I thought." She shrugged. "Well anyway, I've waited over three hours already, so I guess that's long enough. Clarice blinked again in confusion until Cam stood up and lifted her top a little, revealing her own big and obvious bladder bulge.

Clarice gaped at her, sputtering, "You mean you... you're going to..."

"Of course. How am I supposed to test a hypothesis like this without doing a little experiment?" She gently patted the place just below her bellybutton. "I took the pills three hours ago, like I said, along with plenty of water. And I had plenty more to drink since then. So by now I should be just about as full as Tara was yesterday, right?" She knelt to retrieve a sample cup from the desk drawer and unscrewed the lid, then started to undo her pants.

Something occurred to Clarice then, and she stopped gaping long enough to protest, "But... but that's self-experimentation! You know you're not allowed to present results gained from self-experimentation like that." The rules were designed mostly to avoid giving anyone a reason to perform potentially dangerous experiments on themselves in the first place.

"Well then I won't present it," Cam replied casually with another shrug. "This is just a quick little confirmatory test. If it supports my hypothesis, we can do another real experiment later for real results we'll actually use." She slid her pants down around her knees and squatted right where she was. Clarice quickly tried to avert her eyes, gingerly looking back in time to see Cam carefully position the cup between her legs. Then Cam closed her eyes and grinned, and after a moment of suspense the stream shot out, hissing and splattering and splashing. Both researchers watched in silence as Camille emptied her bladder and filled her cup. "Just think," Cam spoke up again as her pale golden stream slowed and finally trickled to a stop and she carefully screwed the lid back on the sample cup, "what's in here could be just what we've been working so hard for this whole time."

Clarice looked at the cup in Camille's hands, and just like Cam said, the sparkling bubbly golden fluid that filled it now seemed somehow more special, more valuable. "well... maybe. If you're right about all this... we could come up with an experiment to make more..."

"And I've got the perfect idea how!" Cam stood and pulled her pants back up, then took her fresh sample over to the mass spectrometer. "Once we're done testing this I'll tell you all about it."

