Summer with Snape - Page 3

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*053*2011-12-23 02:37

{{:

AWW! Pretty sure I just melted ! That chapter rocked!! Keep up the awesomeness (: (:

}}

It was kinda sweet...a little fluff never hurt anyone lol. I'll try too

{{:

Updateee sooooonnn!!

}}

I'll update tomorow I promise lol

{{:

Great chapter! :)

}}

Thanks I'm glad you liked it

{{:

I absolutely LOVE this story! I love seeing Snape in a fatherly role, then to add the omorashi is BRILLIANT. This is one of the best fanfics I've read in a long time, you're a wonderful writer! Please keep it up, it seems like you've got a whole heard of addicts now! :D

}}

I know what you mean, I've been casually adding omo into my other fanfics but not alot of people are into on those sites..Thank you..I love writing this story, almost as much as you guys love it

*055*2011-12-23 05:57

Chapter 10

Harry was currently dreaming, about being at Hogwarts with his friends. At the moment on his mind was that he was extremely thirsty and they had his favorite drink on the table, pumpkin juice. He grabbed a glance and drank and drank, when he stopped it seemed like the whole glass was heading straight for his bladder. He raised an eyebrow at that thought, how that was even possible was beyond him, and as the urge hit him as he knew it would he whimpered.

Severus heard the boy whimper and he glanced in the mirror to check on him. After their trip to the store he went back to the hotel to grab their stuff check out and head out towards the muggle theme park. He had read that they it was a great source of entertainment and although he would never admit it, he was excited about going there. They had about a 7 hour drive ahead of them and they were going to be staying in the hotel near the park anyway. He had been driving for 5 hours already and was planning on stopping for a late lunch when the boy whimpered. He could see the child’s legs clench tightly together and he had a vague suspicion that the boy needed the loo. When the boy moved and whimpered again he figured he’d better wake him up now.

“Potter, wake up. Potter, get up,” he said reaching back with one hand to shake the child awake.

“Wha…” Harry said as he blinked in attempted awareness. His bladder made itself known and he was instantly alert, and glad that the man had woke him up.

“Sir,” Harry looked at him in confusion.

“We are going to be stopping for lunch in 10 minutes, are you fine with that?” Severus asked trying for once not to embarrass the child.

That was in vain because Harry was embarrassed anyway, one glance at the man and he just knew in his heart that Snape knew he had to use the loo. He nodded before turning his gaze to the window. They stopped at a diner where they got seated, and after they ordered Harry got up to use the loo. He was a bit unsure whether or not he was supposed to go by himself, and it showed on his face.

“Do you want me to go with you?” Snape softly asked.

“No sir, I’ll be fine,” Harry said before walking towards the loo.

He saw a man a few tables away stand up and follow him, but Harry just assumed that he had to use the loo too. He headed to the nearest urinal and was just unzipping when the hairs on his neck started to rise. He felt like someone was watching him, he glance a quick look back and that guy from the table was leering at him, in a way that made him feel dirty. He still had to pee but the desperate urge he had a minute ago was gone and he started to walk back out the way he came in. Only problem was the guy was blocking the exit from him. Harry tried not to show fear and attempted to go around the man, he really, really wished Snape was here.

“Excuse me,” He said trying to scoot around the man.

The man shifted a bit as to move so Harry could get through but at the last minute he grabbed Harry around the waist and tried to drag him to a stall. Harry screamed bloody murder and kicked at the man to no avail. The man had finally got him into the stall and was unbuckling his own belt; Harry still screamed and lashed out. What was he going to do? Would Snape come for him?

Severus was wondering what was taking Harry so long, the drinks had already arrived but the child was still in the loo. The server announced that his food would be at the table in 7 minutes, why was Potter taking so long? He was just contemplating going in after the brat when he and the rest of the Diner heard this ear-piercing scream. It was a chilling sound, even more so when he realized it was Harry.

Quick as lightening Severus was out of his chair and into the loo. He couldn’t see anyone when he got in there but he could hear Potter screaming from inside a stall, he then heard a gruff voice and that was all it took before he blasted through the stall. The man was apparently behind the door because when Severus got into the stall the man lay knocked out on the floor. The child was curled tightly into a ball in the furthest corner of the stall. His face had a red hand print on his tear streaked face and his shirt was stretched, looking at the man on the floor he saw his buckle undone.

“Did he touch you Harry?” Snape asked unintentionally calling the child by his given name.

“He tried to sir, I fought though.” Harry answered sniffling.

“I know, I heard you as did half the restaurant.” Severus stated kicking the man on the ground. “Let’s go, I need to inform the manager of what this thing tried to do in his establishment.”

Severus watched the boy stand up and wasn’t really surprised to see his left trouser leg wet. After a fright like that, of course the boy wet himself; he did after all go to the loo for a reason in the first place. Severus tied invisible ropes around the attacker so he couldn’t move and led Harry out of the stall. The boy didn’t seem to notice he had wet himself and although Severus could clean it instantly it was proof of what nearly occurred in there. They walked out and somehow Harry had grabbed firmly on to Severus’s hand and wouldn’t let go, again the man couldn’t blame him so he said nothing and instead tightened his own grip. They were heading towards a server when they were intercepted by the manager himself.

“What can I help you with?” The man asked seriously, after all everyone had heard the boy scream.

“There is a man laid out on the floor of the loo, he attacked my son who went in to use the toilet.”

Here the man looked at Harry’s red face, with tear tracks down his cheeks. He took in the handprint that was starting to bruise on his face and his stretched shirt, before glancing at the boy’s wet pants. He narrowed his eyes in anger before calling over a server to call the Bobbies.

“I want to apologize for everything that happened here, of course your meal is free and anything else you want,” the man stated sincerely. He had a son himself and he knew how angry he would be if someone attacked his child.

Severus was about to reply a thank you, but before he could Harry said the first words since he left the loo.

“Don’t wanna stay here daddy, wanna go. Wanna go now,” Harry chanted before burying his head in Snape’s stomach.

“Can we get it to go?” Severus asked concealing the shock he heard when Harry called him daddy. He bent down and picked the child up, wet pants and all.

“Definitely”

By the time their food was packed up the Bobbies had arrived. They attempted to get a statement out of Harry but the child either couldn’t or wouldn’t answer them. His tear streaked face and ripped pants and wet trousers seemed to confirm the story. Not to mention the witness of those in the restaurant who saw the man follow the boy, and everyone who heard his scream. Grabbing their food, he headed to the car. He tried to put the boy in the back seat but he wouldn’t be placated so he set the boy in the front with him. As they drove off Severus waved his wand at the child’s clothes and they were cleaned and fixed and still Harry said not a word.

*058*2011-12-24 01:47

I know it seems like Harry is unaffected from his attack last chapter, but he isnt. It didnt seem to fit into this chapter, Ch. 14 is where you get to see the extent of what the man did and how he and Snape are coping with their conflicting emotions.

Chapter 11

Harry stared out the window as they drove along the highway, he could smell the food in the backseat but he wasn’t hungry. It only reminded him what could have happened if Snape hadn’t walked in when he did. He didn’t want to think about that, so he sighed and wiped his eyes again.

Severus finally arrived at their hotel, he glanced at the boy but he wasn’t asleep. He couldn’t help but feel like this was partly his fault, if only he had gone into the loo with him like he started too. They got the keys to their room, where Potter maked a beeline for the toilet. Severus thinking that the boy was just going to use the toilet was surprised to hear the shower run. He frowned he hadn’t had a chance to use the loo since that morning and his urge was getting more and pronounced. It wouldn’t do for the boy to come out of the loo and see his Professor dancing for the loo, especially since he keeps telling the child not to do the same thing. Thinking that he would be back in time before the child came out of the shower he headed down to the lobby.

Harry got out of the shower feeling better then he’d felt 3 hours ago. He was clean and they were miles and miles away from that pervert who tried to hurt him. Actually he was kind of hungry considering he didn’t eat lunch or in this case dinner. He wrapped his towel around his waist before going into the room to get dressed. He noticed as he got dressed that Snape wasn’t in the room, in fact nothing of the man’s seemed to be here. Only Harry’s pack was the only thing that proved that someone was staying here.

He didn’t even try to stifle his sobs; he guessed the man thought he was too much trouble. He knew it, maybe he shouldn’t have cried on his shoulder today. The 12 year old who lives to annoy, a bed wetter to afraid to ask for the loo, and who pervy guys come after. With that much baggage it’s surprised the man lasted this long. He laid down on the bed trying to suffocate his face with the pillow, as the tears cascaded down his cheeks. Through his cries and words he didn’t hear the door open as Snape returned.

“Of course he left you; you’re a freak just like they always said. You have baggage and your always getting into trouble, I hate you. I hate me, why can’t I just be…why does everyone have to try to hurt me? What did I ever do to them? I survived, that’s why everyone hates me. I wonder if they know that I wish I had died with my mum, she never should have sacrificed herself for me…I’m not worth it.”

Severus sighed quietly, is that what the boy really thought? It must be because he knows I’m not in the room, how could he think this? He took in the distraught boy on the bed, he should have expected this. The child had been through a traumatic experience today, and he had every right to cry. But what was with his words, those he didn’t understand, they would need to talk about what the boy had said, but for now he had other problems to focus on.

“Harry, come here child”

Harry started on the bed; as he glanced at Snape through tear filled eyes. He would later deny he ever did this, but he tried to smile through his tears before rushing at his

Professor.

“I thought you left me,” Harry murmured face deep in Snape’s robes.

“Silly child, I was just checking something out in the Lobby.” Severus replied his hand naturally coming to rest on top of the child’s head.

“You didn’t leave a note, and none of your things are here. I thought you left me...I thought...” Harry stopped talking as he gasped on another sob.

“Harry, I would never leave you here. Or anywhere for that matter, you are stuck with me, and I am stuck with you. My clothes are here child, they are in the wardrobe.”

Severus tried to untangle the boy from his person, but the little boy had a strong grip around him. Finally he was able to get him off before picking him up and leading him over to the beds. He tucked the boy in, and even though it was a bit early he had a tiring day. Wiping the boy’s tears from his face, he tried to calm him down. He didn’t realize earlier how scared the child really was until he came back and the boy was in a panic. He gently carded his hands through the boy’s messy hair in a calming gestured and was pleased when it seemed the boy was falling asleep. As he attempted to get off the bed, terrified green eyes were staring back at him.

“Don’t…” was all Harry said, but Severus understood what he meant all the same.

“I won’t, I’ll stay until you fall asleep. And then I’ll be in the bed across from you.”

Harry nodded, and drifted off to sleep. He awoke like usual in the middle of the night and was about to get out of the bed and clean up, when he saw that Snape was still up. He was grading papers, and although the telly was on he wasn’t watching it. Harry chewed on his lip, what was he supposed to do now. His bed was getting cold, and he was feeling icky he wanted to shower and get out of these wet clothes. He lied there wishing that Snape would just go to sleep already, but that was not to be.

“Harry are you ok over there?”

“Yes sir,” he answered his voice thick with sleep.

“Did my light wake you up?”

“No sir, I just woke up is all.”Harry stated glumly.

“Oh, did you need the loo then?”

“No sir, I’m just gonna go back to sleep.” Harry replied.

He laid back down in the wetness of the bed and tried to find a dry spot. He hated this; maybe the man wouldn’t tease him. He wanted to tell him, but he was still scared of what the man might do so he stayed in the uncomfortable bed, and fell into an uneasy sleep.

Severus knew immediately that the boy had awoken to a wet bed, but the child was still ashamed to tell him. He sighed and waited until the boy fell asleep before cleaning both the bed and the child simultaneously. Why was the boy wetting the bed in the first place? The minute Harry decided to tell him, they would be visiting a muggle doctor as soon as possible. He finished grading the last of his papers before turning off the light and going to sleep.

*061*2011-12-24 22:50

In case I dont update tomorow(I'm working and its Christmas..so I might be a tad depressed to update lol), Hope everyone has a Happy Holidays hope it's safe and fun.

Chapter 12

Harry got up early the next morning, where he did all his morning duties before getting dressed and settling on his bed to play with his game boy. He was shocked and amazed at all the games Snape bought him; he even had more than Dudley and that was saying something. He didn’t know which ones to play with first, but since he knew he would eventually get to them all he started off with Pokémon. It was interesting, and he was having a blast.

Severus awoke to some kind of music playing, and as he took in Potter playing the toy he bought him yesterday he found the source. Not wanting to bring on the distraught child from yesterday he refrained from commenting on it, and went to take his shower. After they had eaten breakfast, and packing a spare pair of clothes in his bag for the boy just in case, they headed to the park. Thanking Albus for once having a good idea, he asked this random woman to take a picture of Harry and him on the outside of the park. After all the child might want to remember pictures of this day who knows.

Harry knew immediately where they were, he remembered Dudley bragging to him about getting to go when he couldn’t. He smiled widely at the camera, but look at him now he was going to get to enjoy it too. It wasn’t just a amusement park it was also a zoo. The last time he went to a zoo was on Dudley’s 11th birthday and he found out he could talk to snakes. Uncle Vernon wasn’t happy about that, and Harry paid for it dearly. They were at Chessington’s World of Adventure and Harry was planning on having a lot of fun. They quickly got through the entrance and headed to the closest rides.

Severus could see the excitement in the child’s eyes as he grabbed his hand and they walked to get on the rides. About 4 hours in Severus was actually enjoying himself too. He loved getting on the rides; the thrill was very similar to a broom only you didn’t have to worry about falling off.

Harry was having the time of his life, and he was sure Snape was too. Snape had even bought him candy floss, and chocolates, and all the fizzy drinks he could drink; Harry was in heaven. Although at the moment they were waiting in line to ride Dragon’s Fury, he was so excited to get on it. The drinks were starting to catch up with his bladder, but he didn’t want to go just yet. He didn’t want to get out of line and have to wait all over again, when he could just go after they rode the coaster; or so he thought. He was facing forward so Snape couldn’t know that he had his hand discreetly into his pants holding on to himself.

He didn’t want Snape to see and make them leave the line. He shuffled his feet like he was tired of standing, which was true in a way but not the way one would think. Th man was talking to him again and as much as Harry wanted to reply back in earnest he couldn’t afford to take any more attention from holding in his bladder, not unless he wanted to wet in front of all these people. It seemed like Snape didn’t notice a thing and soon they were next in line for the ride. When it was their turn he sat down and pulled down the safety bars before waiting for them to come and check him. He thought that if he was sitting down it would be easier to hold, but he was wrong. It was all he could do not to wiggle more in his seat then he was doing.

Severus could feel the boy next to him moving around a bit, and at first he thought maybe the child was nervous. That was until he strained his neck to look at him, he was moving way to much in his seat to be just nerves, and Severus felt a twinge of annoyance run through his body. As the ride slowly moved forward he addressed the child.

“Harry, child please tell me you don’t need the loo.”

“I don’t need the loo?” Harry asked unsurely.

“Are you asking or telling child?”

“I don’t need it sir, let’s just enjoy the ride,” Harry stated dismissively.

Severus said nothing in return, although his eyes narrowed at the child’s tone. But since he couldn’t do anything about it on the ride, he let it go for now. Judging by the smile on Harry’s face when they got off the ride he assumed the child also loved this one as well. Right now though, he wanted to go check out the animals. Severus took his hand with ease; after all he didn’t want to lose the child before heading towards the animal part of the park. As he was walking he glanced sideways at the boy who had, the hand not holding Snape’s gripped tight in his groin. But the boy was denying every time he asked if he had to go and he did not want their day to end on a wet note. He shook his head at the pun, before looking for signs for the nearest loo.

Harry had to pee; no Harry had to pee really badly. But he had already told Snape that he didn’t have to and now they were going to the zoo. His stomach was hurting where his belt was pressing into his bladder but what could he do.

Severus spotted one, but the line was ages long, and he didn’t think that Potter could wait that long to be honest. He saw a sign for family bathrooms and started walking to it, when he heard the boy whimper. Picking the stubborn child up, he hurriedly walked to the loo. That one had only 1 person in line, and as he set the boy down he could only hope that the boy could hold it.

“I think you lied to me Harry, you do need the loo, don’t you?”

“I’m sorry sir,” Harry whispered.

“That’s not good enough Potter, I told you to inform me when you need the toilet, not wait until the bloody last minute.”

“I was going to after the ride...”Harry trailed off when he took in Snape’s expression.

“No you should have informed me before the ride, and this could have all be avoided. We would have been able to get back into our spot, this is a family park and I’m sure they understand about children’s bladders.”

Harry blushed; he didn’t think about that, he didn’t think at all. He just didn’t want Snape to know, but the man did anyways and he was probably going to get into trouble for lying to the man. And he was even at more risk of wetting his pants in front of everyone. He gripped his trousers tighter as he struggled to keep his liquid in. He tried to stifle the gasped as some pee squirted out into his boxers.

Severus and the teenager in front of them both turned to look at the child. Who by this time was jumping up and down in place, both hands holding onto himself. Before Severus could think about asking the teen if he would mind them going first the boy spoke.

“Uhh, you guys can go before me; your kid looks like he’s busting sir.”

“Thank you, I appreciate it,” Severus stated sincerely.

Harry whimpered again, and couldn’t stop the tears that were starting to fall from his eyes. He couldn’t even wipe them away because just the thought of him moving his hands scared him. If the person in the loo didn’t come out soon, he was going to wet his pants.

“How are you fairing Harry?”

“I’m good sir,” Harry spit out in a rush.

“I don’t believe that, but I’ll let it go.”

“It’s coming out, it’s coming out, it’s coming out.” Harry whispered to himself as a few more spurts wet his boxers.

Severus heard the boy speak and he turned around to look at the boy on the edge of losing it.

“Hold it Harry, they’ll be out soon I promise.” Severus encouraged.

Just when Harry thought he was going to wet his trousers the door opened to reveal a man with 3 other children. The family had started walking out slowly but when the father took in the state of Harry he hurried his children out of the way.

“Come on Harry, let’s go,” Severus said when the boy didn’t move.

“Can’t move Dad,” Harry said to the ground.

Picking the boy up, he quickly walked into the toilet and locked the door behind him. He saw that the minute Harry let go of his trousers they started darkening in color. He closed his eyes; they really, really needed to have another talk about this.

Harry’s breath was hitching as the pee flowed down his pants. He was trying to stop crying but he couldn’t would the man cancel the trip now? He wanted to ask him not to, but after he just disgraced himself he said nothing.

“Potter, this could have all been avoided if you had just told me. I would like to know the real reason you do not ask, I won’t tolerate anything else but the truth now. If this keeps continuing, I’ll put you in nappies because it looks like you seem to enjoy wetting yourself. If you’re going to act like a baby then I will treat you like one.”

Severus threatened, although he had no intention of doing that to the insecure boy, the child didn’t need to know that.

Harry choked on a sob, as he took in his Professor’s words. This was what he was afraid of in the first place.

“I’m not allowed to ask for it, I’m sorry sir, please don’t put me in nappies.” Harry answered hysterically.

Severus startled at that sentence and once again he got the suspicion that all was not right in the world of Harry Potter.

“Tonight we will discuss this at the hotel, right now we have a lot more rides and animals to see.”

“We’re staying, even after I wet?” Harry asked snot and tears running down his face.

“Yes, I bought a change of clothes just in case.”

“Why can you just use magic?”

“Because I do not want to attract the attention of another magical being who could be here enjoying themselves. That might lead to them investigating us, and I don’t think this would stay silent when it revealed one Harry Potter. Do you understand Potter?”

“Yes sir,” Harry answered wiping his face with the back of his hand before taking the clothes from Snape.”

“That is disgusting Harry, use some tissue or a handkerchief. Come on, let’s get you changed.”

When they exited the loo, Harry kept his head down not looking at anyone, but his shoes. He almost bumped into a few people before Snape grabbed his hand, and steered him in the right direction.

“It’s not the end of the world child, accidents happen.”

Harry said nothing, just kept walking. He was mildly please at the warmth of the man’s hand in his.

By the time they had made it to the animals, Severus was amazed at the child’s resilience; you would have never known that 15 minutes ago he had just wet his trousers. He wasn’t about to bring that up again until later on tonight, because right now they had some animals to see and pet and more rides to get on.

*064*2011-12-25 02:09

{{:

Wonderful once again :D I'm glad you updated. I hope Severus will finally get the truth form Harry, so they can start the process of helping him.

}}

He will..as soon as Harry feels like he can trust the man not to use the info and hurt him...

{{:

Wonderful chapter! I like the secrecy, but now, I think I understand where this is coming from. I agree, that with a lot of people, with a different Harry Potter, This would definitely be a plausible result of the mishandling being done by the relatives. I really like this story, because deep down, in the way he talks, he still acts like Snape, but this Snape doesn't seem to "hate" the boy as much as the original one acts.

}}

I try to keep Snape as much in character as I can..I dont want him to be so OCC..I just wish in the books that he could see that Harry was just as much as Lily's son as he was James. Anyways I'm glad you like it

{{:

Awww....finally Snape..looking out for Harry...really sweet chappie

}}

I updated...as you probably know lol...hope this one is just as good as the rest...

*068*2011-12-25 04:35

{{:

Awesome!!!! i think u should keep going making a father/son relationship between them,just a suggestion :)

}}

Oh I am...this will be that type of story at the moment its just guardan/charge though...Harry has to learn to trust Sev first

{{:

Love! I really hope Harry fesses up soon though! So that Snape can start helping him. I love that he holds Harry's hand. That is so sweet. Fantastic chapter (:

}}

He will within the next few chapters...well he wont but a certain situation makes him tell lol

{{:

Actually, I think that "hating" the boy is an act in the books. You only come to that conclusion though during the 7th book, and the movie... doesn't really convey it that well. Anyway, I really like the way you made this story.

}}

Yea you had a point...and i thanks...glad you like reading it

*070*2011-12-26 01:39

I was able to update, I'm tired do though so I hope you guys like it..Its discusses the treatment of the Dursleys.

Chapter 13

They took a shuttle van back to their hotel, where Harry was on the verge of falling asleep. This was his best day ever, and he was a bit sad about it ending, he just hoped that tomorrow would be great too. The hotel was even more so, he hoped that they would be staying in this one for a while. He really wanted to try some of the fun things there, not to mention if they happened to go back to the park. Leaning heavily on Snape as they made their way to their room, Harry struggled to keep his eyes open. As he was heading for the bed Snape called him back, and he turned around trying to get the sleep out of his eyes.

“Don’t go to sleep yet Potter, we still need to have a talk.”

“Can we do this tomorrow?” Harry asked wearily.

“We could, but then we would start the day off on a bad note. Did you want that before we headed to the go-karts?”

“We’re going go-karting?” Harry asked perking up a little at that idea.

“Among other things, but right now, we need to talk.”

“Yes sir.”

Harry nodded tiredly before going to sit on the bed closest to Snape. He didn’t really want to talk about this at all, especially right now. He wanted to sleep, he was so incredibly tired.

Severus knew he wasn’t being fair, he knew that when you were tired you would talk more then what you normally did. This is what he was counting on some of the things and behavior the child display was enough to keep him up at night. Like why the child flinched whenever he happened to raise his hand, why he was afraid of asking for the loo. Why the child would get a fearful expression when he yelled, and why the boy never complained of anything he ate. The fact that the boy savored every bite he ate like it was his last meal, did not sit well at all with Severus. Tonight he was going to find out why.

“Harry, why don’t you like to ask for the loo?” Severus asked keeping his voice gentle and soft.

“M’ not supposed to ask for things I can’t get.” Harry mumbled.

“What do you mean Harry?”

“Freaks like me, don’t get to ask for anything. I wasn’t allowed to go to the loo, not unless they said I could.”

Severus’s eyes widened and it was all he could do to keep in the growl that wanted to come out. It wouldn’t help him if the boy was suddenly frightened by him, he wouldn’t be able to help the child. He knew how Petunia was as a kid, but to do this to a child? Her own flesh and blood, how could she do this?

“Did they let you eat child?”

“The scraps off their plates, sometimes Aunt Petunia would give me a slice of bread though. Don’t tell them but I used to take the food from the rubbish bin, when they went to sleep.”

Severus was disgusted, how long had this been going on? The boy was so starved he ate out of the rubbish; those monsters were going to pay for this he would make sure of it. No wonder the boy was so light; they didn’t give him enough food for a bird to eat. Severus wanted to stop the questions right then and there and hug the child, after all he had suffered. But he needed to know the most important one, why did he flinch?

“Harry, do they ever hit you?”

“Uhh… Aunt Petunia just swings a frying pan at my head. And Dudley likes to play Harry hunting with his gang, Uncle Vernon just teaches me my place,” Harry answered head drooping forward as his weariness took over.

“How does he teach you your place Harry?”

But Harry was no longer in the land of awareness; the child was on the verge of falling off the bed. Severus picked up the child before getting him dressed for bed. He settled the boy under the covers and gently brushing his hair away from his eyes. Sleeping the boy looked so innocent; Severus was going to make sure that Potter wouldn’t have any more horrors about returning to that home. No matter what Dumbledore said about those Damn blood wards the boy would not be returning.

Severus was walking from the loo after taking his shower when he heard the boy whimpering. Thinking at first that the boy might need the loo he walked over to wake him up but that was not what was wrong.

“No Uncle Vernon, not the belt please, I didn’t mean to use magic. I’m sorry I don’t know what happen, it wasn’t my fault, please don’t do this Uncle.”

Severus watched as Harry’s cried as he flinched back from whatever was hitting him in his dream. He needed to see for himself what the boy was witnessing. He softly legimised the child and immediately wished he hadn’t done it. He landed in the middle of the dream where Harry was standing with his hands planted on the wall in a beating position, as he as man he assumed was his Uncle taking a belt to his back. The boy didn’t cry out, and that seemed to anger the man even more. Severus quickly stepped out of his mind, and grabbed the child up and rocked him gently.

“Your safe child, he can’t hurt you anymore, not here not ever. I promise you, that you will not be returning to that house.”

Harry woke up from that awful dream about Uncle Vernon to being in Snape’s arms. At the moment he thought that he was still in a dream, only this was the good dream and he didn’t want to leave. He buried his head in the man’s clothes and breathed in sweet smell of soap and sighed in content. He couldn’t stop the tears that kept falling, even though these weren’t the tears of fear, they were of love. He wanted this to be real so much, but Snape would never willingly hug him. He was Potter the bane of the man’s existence, the minute Harry got that through his head he would be a lot better for it. That thought only made him cry harder, but for now he was ok with just pretending. After all he was used to not getting what he wanted, so why think that now would be any different. The man hated him for the past 2 years, how much could he have changed

In just 3 weeks?

*074*2011-12-27 03:56

Sorry I would've posted earlier, but my family was celebrating Christmas today...lol. At times Harry can seem to act way younger then his 12 years...just chalk it up to not being able to be a little kid in the Dursely household.

Chapter 14

Severus couldn’t help but notice the boy being very clingy to him; everywhere he looked the boy was near him. It got to the point that whenever he left the room for anything Harry would be on the verge of panic attack when he returned. The child had even taken to waiting near the door when he showered, that little invasion of privacy annoyed him the most, but what could he do?

Harry was trying to deal with his conflicting emotions of being scared. He was terrified that the guy who attacked him was going to come after him, and he only felt safe when Snape was around. He knows he’s annoying the man but he doesn’t want to give up that security. He’s really waiting for Snape to push him off and tell him to deal with it on his own like the Durselys would have done, but he never does.

At the moment they were both walking into the entrance to Diggerland, and Harry was excited. He felt a twinge in his bladder already and not wanting to ruin the day by embarrassing himself he let Snape know immediately.

“Dad…” Harry hesitantly spoke.

He smiled when about 5 other men turned around, when he spoke it before realizing he wasn’t their kid. He liked calling the man daddy, he never got the chance to and after this trip he never would again. Was it wrong that he relished in their pretend relationship? Even if he was mad at the man still, they still had their parts to play.

“What is it Harry?” Severus asked looking at a map.

“I have to pee,”

Here Severus quickly looked at him, happy to see that he didn’t look desperate before pointing out the loo across from them.

Harry frowned; he didn’t want to go in by himself again. He could feel his breaths quickening and forced himself to calm down. He felt really silly for asking this but he was too afraid to go in alone.

“Can…can you come in with me?” Harry whispered staring at his shoes in embarrassment He can’t believe he just asked the man that.

Severus was going to come in with him anyways; he just didn’t think the boy would appreciate that. But after the scare with that man yesterday, he didn’t feel secure enough in letting the child go in by himself again. Now he didn’t have to find an excuse the child, asked himself. He frowned at that, he must really be scared if he actually asked. Sticking his hand out knowing Potter was going to grab it, they headed to the loo.

When they exited he let Harry choose where he wanted to go first. As interested as he was to learn about muggle machinery the child was more

Interested in being able to drive them.

Severus hoped that the child enjoyed today, but he couldn’t be sure the boy wasn’t actually talking to him. Besides asking for the loo, the child was noticeably silent and he found it bothered him more then he thought it would. Why was the child angry with him?

Harry had a blast today, and he wanted to stay but he was hot and tired and dirty. He was hungry and he couldn’t wait until they got back to the hotel. He wished he could have shared this day with Ron, he knew his mate would’ve loved it. He was caught up in his excitement and trying to ignore Snape that he didn’t realize that he had wandered away from the man. He only noticed when he saw a crowd of people coming his way, and he reached for his Professor’s hand out of reflex and only got air. He turned dramatically in circles looking for the man in black but he couldn’t see him anywhere. Harry could see his eyes blurring from the tears, and his breaths sped up from his panic. Where was Snape?

He wondered around, not able to find the man, tears streaming down his face. He bumped into this man who looked like he worked at the park. He did not feel safe with adult males and he found himself running away until he found a lady worker.

Severus was in a near panic, he had told the child to stay right here while he retrieved their bags. But the boy had moved and he didn’t know where he was. He was going to kill the child when he saw him; at least that’s what he kept telling himself. In reality he wanted to hug the boy and then shake him once for not listening to him.

“Are you ok sweetie?”

“I’m lost, have you seen my dad?” Harry asked sniffling.

“I don’t know, what does he look like?”

“He wearing all black and he looks angry.” Harry stated knowing it was the truth.

“Oh I did see him about 5 minutes before, he was frantic. Is your name Harry honey?”

“Yes, how do you know that?” Harry asked making sure his scar was covered just in case.

“Your father told me; let’s go alert the security that you have been found.”

Harry grabbed the woman’s hand not wanting to get separated from her, and they headed to the front of the park. He was scanning his surroundings hoping he would get a glance of Snape but he never saw him. It got crowded very quickly since they were standing by the entrance and the exit and he felt himself getting pulled away from the lady. He was on the verge of panicking, she had told him Snape would be here and he wasn’t. Before he could freak out more, he heard the man’s voice behind him.

“Harry you foolish child, breathe boy.” Severus yelled as he busted through the crowd. “Move he’s my son, get out the way,” he stated pushing

Through the people.

“Dad,” Harry gasped, relaxing in Snape’s embrace.

Severus picked up the child, and shook his head. This boy was going to be the death of him this summer he just knew it. They were done for the day; he headed to the car to go back to their hotel. When they were driving along on the road Severus addressed one of the situations at hand.

“Harry, what’s wrong? Did I do something to hurt you child? Why did you run away from me today?

“I didn’t run away from you sir,” Harry stated confused.

“Ok so you didn’t run away, why have you been giving me the cold shoulder all day? What have I done to upset you?”

When the boy didn’t seem like he was going to answer Severus decided to bring up another topic they needed to address.

“How long has the Durselys been abusing you?”

“They don’t abuse me sir,” Harry said eyes wide in shock.

“According to our talk last night, you admitted that they did.”

“No I didn’t…” Harry trailed off as the memories of what he assumed was a dream last night came back to him.

At the present time Harry was once again angry at Snape, how dare the man do that to him? He was so out of it yesterday, when the man questioned him about the Durselys. A sense of betrayal washed over him, what was he planning on doing with that learned information? Harry could vaguely remember the man saying he would never go back to the house, but Dumbledore had already told him otherwise and he was the Headmaster.

“So you do remember our talk, how long has the abuse me going on?”

Harry said nothing as he glared out the window, he stomach churning angrily in tuned with his emotions. He didn’t want to have this conversation again, especially since he was tricked the first time. Here Harry stayed silent, did the man really not know what was wrong?

“Answer me Potter.”

Severus knew he hit the nail on the head when the child hesitated to answer his questions. But he couldn’t remember if he had hurt the child or not, but clearly the boy was distressed.

“You tricked me into talking about the Durselys.” Harry replied softly.

“That was necessary child, would you have told me otherwise?”

“No, it was my secret not yours,” Harry answered angrily.

“But I needed to know, and now that I do I mean what I said. You will not be going back, I promise you child.”

“Why, are you planning on using it against me? Why do you need to know?”

“Because I am the adult and it’s my job to help you, if someone is hurting you.”

“Oh your job is it? Well I’m just a child and you’re basically telling me my words don’t mean a thing. You’re taking my words completely out of proportion, and changing it to how you see fit.”

“Do not attempt to out Slytherin me Mr. Potter, that will not work. I know they hurt you I have seen a bit of their handiwork since you’ve been living with me these past few weeks. Your inability to ask for the loo, whatever is set before you, you eat like you have never eaten a better meal, and those are only a few.”

Harry swallowed back saliva that was building up in his mouth, his teacher knew way too much. What was going to happen when Vernon found out like in his 2nd year in primary school? He was making himself sick just thinking about it, and unless he wanted to defile the man’s car again, he should say something.

“Can you pull over sir?”

“Couldn’t you have said you needed the loo before we got into the car Harry?” Severus asked irritation seeping into his tone.

“Don’t gotta wee, gotta sick.” Harry said trying to breathe deeply.

“What’s wrong?” Severus said pulling the car quickly to the side trying to figure out what made him sick.

Harry got out of the car, trying to prevent the inevitable to no avail. He spewed his guts on the side of the road, trying to think about the situation. He had a feeling this sick wasn’t just from the conversation, he’d felt strange all day but he didn’t want Snape to cancel the trip so he didn’t say anything. Getting back in the car, he grabbed a mint from the glove compartment before resting his head on the window.

“Feel better?”

“Not really,” he said knowing there was no point in trying to lie to the man.

“I’ll check on you when we get back to the hotel.”

Harry tried to nod in response but he found himself drifting off to sleep.

