Fun and Games

Author: buggy2013

*000*2021-05-16 12:56

It was a strange kind of luck that we stopped at that garage sale. We aren’t even garage sale people, but there was a lawnmower that Ryan, my husband, wanted to check out. The mower turned out to be a bust, but we stayed and looked around anyway. It was while fingering through a pile of things that clearly belonged to a recently deceased relative that I saw it. Still in the box and sealed was a brand new bedside commode with a $5 tag on it. A man saw me looking and came over.

He introduced himself as the owner of the house and explained that the medical supplies were sent back from the hospital after his grandfather passed because insurance had already paid for it. I gave my condolences, and then made up a vague tale about an ailing family member that was lacking in equipment and bought the commode. The man was much too kind and threw in a medical urinal, and a bad full of generic powders, creams, and washes that you get in the hospital. I thanked him and finally got Ryan’s attention to get his ass in the car.

“I take it you’ve got some ideas?” He asked me with undeniable excitement in his voice once we were on our way home once more.

“Oh I’ve got lots of them. Want to talk about the one we should try first?”

“Surprise me,” he practically begged, the submissive side of him already taking over. It encouraged me and helped me ease into my headspace as well.

“As you wish. When we get home you will not be using the toilet. You will go to our room and strip to nothing,” I ordered, knowing the game wouldn’t take long to get interesting. He’d been holding it for a while already, as we’d been out running errands for most of the day and he’d had plenty to drink without once taking a restroom break. He’d mentioned as we headed for home that the yard sale should probably be a quick stop because he wanted to get home.

We got home and while he undressed I assembled the commode. He was then asked to bring his restraints to me. I guided him onto the open bowl of the commode and then took my time cuffing his wrists to the handles and his ankles to the front legs. He was already hard, and squirming a bit to find comfort on the unfamiliar furniture.

“You’re going to hold it like a good boy, and we’re going to do 6 rolls on the D20. If you make it to the end then you can pick the next game. If you don’t, then I get to pick again. Do we have a deal?” I asked, straddling his lap and stroking his bare sides teasingly with my thumbs.

“Deal!” He groaned immediately, trying not to give away that I’d found his ticklish spot.

The dice game was a well-established one in our dynamic. We had several dice of varied numbers of sides. The lower the side count, the larger the stakes. We were using the D20- so 20 different potential low-level consequences to his bladder. We tend to keep each roll 10 minutes apart for the D20 unless otherwise discussed. An hour’s worth of trials wasn’t the toughest challenge we’ve done by far, but it all depended on how full he was already and the luck of the roll.

I put the die in his hand, a shimmery marbling of green and gold resin, and let him have his first toss. 15: drink. Ouch, that’s a rough start. I fetched a half-liter water bottle, room temperature so he had no reason to nurse it. I added a straw and held it to his lips, which were pouting adorably at his unhelpful first move. He didn’t look at me as he sucked the bottle dry.

“Good boy,” I praised, moving my vanity stool to perch directly in front of him. I used the remainder of the ten minutes so watch him. He wiggled and fidgeted, but I knew nerves were playing a part of it all. Being completely exposed like this was something he was still getting used to. If he got to pick the game his objective was almost always the challenge of keeping a certain outfit unscathed, or to keep a diaper dry. He was less comfortable with the nudity, but insisted that he was excited to push that boundary and wasn’t afraid to use his word if it wasn't working for him.

I finally caught his eyes when they flitted to the clock, and then to my face. I smiled and he smiled back, dropping his eyes immediately. I reached out and poked the die back into his hand. He rolled it around between his fingers for a moment before giving it its second toss. 3: ice cubes. The look on his face was so delicious I couldn’t help myself. I leaned down and kissed him deeply on the mouth. He kissed back, tiny moan of pleasure barely audible as it rumbled low in his throat.

“You’re beautiful when you’re nervous,” I assured him before leaving to grab the ice. When I got back his features were determinedly focused. I was dying to know how desperate he truly was, but not knowing is half the fun, never really sure how long the game would carry on. I took the remaining time with the ice. A whole eight minutes to drag the ice in slow, torturous patterns across his skin while goosebumps erupted and his hair stood on end.

Down the center of his spine, ear to ear across the back of his neck. The inside of each thigh, around each nipple, from his Adam’s apple straight down to the tip of his length, and more. I felt my panties dampen while he squirmed and shivered, hissing at the surprise of every new location. Even better, his sigh of relief when I pushed the die back into his palm. His left leg jiggled, and I knew he was getting at least a little worried. He tossed the die and audibly moaned. 8: 5 seconds release.

This challenge could end our game right here. Ryan isn’t known for his ability to take the edge off, or survive a little leak. 7/10 if the floodgates open, they stay open. He looked up with big puppy eyes.

“Do your best, baby. I won’t be mad if you have an accident,” I promised, stroking his cheek before returning to my seat. His face took on a look of intense focus. I watched his cock, ready to count. It took a few deep breaths, but finally a strong stream erupted from his member.

“5, 4, 3, 2, 1, stop! I ordered, and was treated by the stream cutting off. Ry’s thighs trembled and a few unwanted dribbles escaped, but after a moment it seemed like he was really back in control.

“I did it!” He gasped, obviously proud of completing that trial.

“You did, I’m so proud of you! Do you have any left? You let so much out in the potty just now, I’m sure you don’t have too much more tinkle in you,” I teased, playing up the baby talk. He loved it when I made him feel like a little boy who was trying desperately to make it to the potty on time.

“I’m bursting, I can’t believe I actually stopped. He argued, hips rocking relentlessly as he tried to keep it that way. I bantered with him about the feat he’d just pulled until it was time to hand over the die again. He tossed it almost as soon as it touched his hand. 20: running water. A simple spell, but very effective. I’ve always hated the wastefulness of running the tap for no reason, so instead I brought in two pitchers, one full and the other empty. I found myself rocking on my chai a bit, wet slit demanding attention after all of the wiggling my husband displayed. I dripped, trickled, streamed, and splashed the water from one pitcher to the other, all while he danced in a way that made my private area throb with desire.

I finally set the pitchers aside and gave him the die. A look of panic crossed his face and suddenly his back arched as he tried to bare down on a wave of desperation. I watched greedily as a large, high-powered spurt hosed the inside of the commode basin. For a second time I was amazed by Ryan regaining control. His knees fought to pull together, but simply weren’t able.

“Uh oh, are you going to use your potty chair and lose your treat?” I asked, and despite putting up a tremendous fight, his cock erupted once more. After another moment of straining he finally let go, letting go fully. His legs fell apart lazily and I had a full view of him pissing like a firehose into the basin. His head dropped back and he panted slightly as the stream passed thirty seconds. I waited anxiously for him to empty so I could put his member to better use. He let out a needy moan as the gushing flow finally tapered off just after a minute.

“Why was that the best piss of my whole life?” He groaned, cock already hardening. I rushed to unlock him.

“You were full, I didn’t know you were holding so much when we were out,” I pointed out, truly admiring what I’d just seen.

“I wanted to play when we got home, I was thinking about something to try and wanted to be ready if you said yes,” he explained, hands on me as soon as he was uncuffed.

“Hmmm. Fuck me now, then we’ll talk about it for round two?

“Deal,” he agreed, already taking off my pants.

*002*2021-05-18 03:45

{{On 5/16/2021 at 9:15 AM, Barry said:

That was great. Like really good.

Im really jealous of Ryan, and hate him already.

You just have to tell us about round two now!

}}

Thanks pal! Always happy to hear your feedback!

Expecting to post a round 2... but we all know how I am with sequels

