Julie and Amanda

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-05-12 02:37

Amanda held it as long as she could. She grabbed at her crotch and squeezed her young legs together, but it was no use. She felt her muscles quiver and begin to fail. She felt warmth between her legs, then a hot flood down the inside of her thighs and past her knees. Amanda was horrified and thrilled. She wanted to scream and she wanted to laugh. She longed to stop her urine, and longed for it to run out in her pants forever.

Amanda's urine dribbled to a stop. She relaxed and straightened up. Then, noticing Julie watching her curiously, Amanda showed an embarrassed smile. "I peed my pants," she confessed in a small voice.

"No shit, Sherlock!" returned Julie, widening her eyes as she stared at the tell-tale dark stains on Amanda's jeans. "What did it feel like...I mean...when you started...when it ran in your pants?

"Hot," declared Amanda. Then ducking her head behind her hands, she stammered, "I'm so embarrassed."

Julie said nothing, just smiled knowingly as she walked back to where Amanda was standing. She kissed her best friend on the forehead gave her a hug. Then Julie slipped her hand down the front of Amanda's jeans and between her legs. "Ummmmmmm!" she purred.

Amanda's breath caught. "What are you doing?" Amanda gasped as Julie's fingers probed her still-warm panties and found her slit. "Oh!"

"Just relax," Julie whispered, rubbing deeper and deeper.

Amanda's breath caught again when Julie took her hand and indicated that she should put it down her own pants. "Go ahead."

Tentively Amanda reached her hand into Julie's pants. She felt soft skin and panties and heat. "Oh!" Amanda exclaimed again. She jerked her hand, but Julie grasp her arm.

"Shhhh," whispered Julie; hold on.

Amanda felt the first squirt, followed quickly by another, and then the full stream, almost burning her hand. Amanda looked down. Shiney stains were spreading down Julie's pants.

Slowly Julie slowed down, then with a final squirt finished. Amanda removed her hand, and gazed questioningly at its wetness.

"I've waited for this moment a long time," said Julie.

"Me, too," replied Amanda.

Amanda and Julie hugged and kissed -- this time on the mouth. Then they walked on, holding hands.

