Pokemon Furry Wetting

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-03-27 21:00

Entei was done. He has had enough with her for a while. But, he had plans for revenge. for what happened to give him revenge plans earlier today. This is what happened.

July 4, 2013

It was the fourth of July and alll was seeming well. He coudnt be mad at anyone today just because it was a special holiday. So, He went to help Giratina help set up all of the Fireworks. They had all kinds of fireworks, from Small Bottle Rockets to Humongous Firecrackers. Once he was done, he stood back in awe to marvel his handiwork. They put the fireworks in shape so that they would spell "July 4". It took many brutal hours of work but at least he had help. So, he went to tell Arceus that he had finished his work. After that, he went to await the firing of the Firecrackers. But, he noticed one was missing. He Shrugged it off, thinking he was just hallucinating. So, he got prepared to watch the Crackers explode. But, Suicune had other plans. She Took that Firecracker and placed it under his chair and planned to light it when they were lighting them all. So, it was time. While Arceus lighted all of the other ones, she light one under Entei. When It went off, Entei's world went black.

Present

Time

He crept into her room, trying not to wake her. He put a bucket of hot water under her hand. He stood back to watch. He watched as her Light Blue luxurious fur turned dark Blue with her urine. At that same time, she woke up. she looked down at herself and nearly screamed. She then turned to look at Entei. Her first thought was "Oh crud".

