Love's Journey

Author: dogsrit2

*000*2015-12-22 00:41

If he had to guess how long he had been on the mountain, it would have to have been at least 10 months. He really didn’t keep track of time unless the sun was coming up and he was forced to go underground before he burned. Josh stayed near the ruins of his family’s cabin and was always looking through it for anything useful. He was careful to avoid other wendigos and to mark his territory.

Chris sighed as he looked around the area. He hadn’t wanted to come back, but he wanted to find his best friend. His other friends had told him to let it go, but it wasn’t okay with him to abandon his best friend. Chris shook his head and continued making his way towards the ruined cabin.

Josh stilled as he heard something move around the woods. He could tell that it was wasn’t used to avoiding roots or stepping lightly. It sounded like it was moving towards his nest and he growled. Josh quickly made his way to his home.

He panted as he got up from his attempt at trying to take a short cut and relaxed as he saw the few beams of the cabin that managed to stay standing. Chris slowly made his way towards it, but froze as he noticed a wendigo on top of one of the pillars. He carefully looked it over it and gasped as he recognized it.

“Josh!” he shouted, terrified.

Josh stilled and looked Chris over. It took his brain a moment to register who it was. He smiled slightly and slowly made his way to his friend.

“What are you doing here?” Josh questioned, his words slurred slightly from his sharp teeth.

“I came to find you,” Chris answered truthfully as he met Josh halfway. He slowly raised a hand and ran it over his split mouth.

“Why would you want to find me after everything that happened?” He asked, looking at the ground.

“You weren’t to blame for a lot of what happened,” he responded. Chris pulled Josh to his chest and into a hug.

“But you’re in a lot of danger by staying here. I don’t know how I’ll restrain myself,” Josh said softly.

“I would do anything to prove to you that I would never leave you for any reason,” Chris responded. “We should get you somewhere safe since the sun is about to come up.”

“We could hide in the room I’ve been using,” he retorted as he gestured towards the cabin. Chris nodded and pulled him with him as he walked towards it.

“How do we get to the room?” Chris asked.

“It’s under a pile of the roof. Sorry if the room smells like something is rotting,” Josh said as he climbed towards the hole he made to get to the room.

“I can assume it’s from the animals you’ve taken down and haven’t been able to get rid of them,” he replied as he followed his friend. Josh rolled his eyes and hoped he wouldn’t find out about the real reason why it reeked. He easily jumped and landed at the bottom. Chris took a deep breath and followed Josh’s example.

He groaned as he landed on his ass at the bottom. Chris looked around and sighed as he saw a few animal corpses. “So, this is your home during the day.”

Josh nodded and covered up his last marking attempt. “Yep. I live here until I figure out a way to get someone to come up here and build a new cabin.” He sat on the ground and stared at Chris with his head cocked to the side.

###

I will take any suggestions for what happens next and it will be a couple of posts before any omo related things truly happen aside from brief mentions or references to them.

*001*2015-12-25 09:12

Chris sat by him as he took in Josh’s tired appearance. “You can sleep if you want.”

“I’m fine staying up more than I normally do to keep you company,” he replied as he leaned on his friend. Josh struggled to keep his eyes open and to pay attention to everything around him. He yawned and slowly fell asleep.

Chris smiled and ran a hand through Josh’s hair. He leaned against the wall and thought about how he could get somewhere safer setup for them. It would take a while for him to do it on his own since he wanted to build it during the day. Chris sighed and looked around for anything to do.

Josh shifted in his sleep and wrapped his arms around Chris. He laid his head against his neck, not knowing he was preventing him from doing anything. A purr started resonating through his chest as he got comfy and fell into a deeper sleep.

Chris jumped, startled by the sudden purring. He looked down at Josh and chuckled. His friend was definitely getting weirder by the minute. It was going to be a long day without moving. He sighed and tapped the floor with his hand.

It wasn’t until early evening that Josh started to wake up and let go him. He yawned and cracked his back. Josh got up and looked around. Chris had fallen asleep and was snoring quietly. He snorted and started making his way out of his hole.

“Time to go hunting again,” Josh muttered as he disappeared into the woods. He didn’t return until the moon was halfway in the sky. Josh grunted as he dragged a huge elk back to his nest.

Chris coughed as he woke up and quickly looked around the room. He took a few deep breaths and slowly calmed down. It took him a moment to realize that Josh was missing and briefly glanced at the hole in the roof before deciding to wait for him to return.

Josh threw the elk into the hole and snickered as he heard his company scream.

“Sorry about that,” he said as he hopped down.

“Why would you throw that down here when I’m here?” Chris questioned as he looked over the elk.

“I was just returning from hunting it and I thought you would be hungry after being here all day,” he answered, briefly staring at the elk.

“You could have warned me before doing it,” he muttered as he sat back down with a small squirm.

“I thought you were still going to be asleep when I got back,” Josh retorted. He easily got started to skin the elk. “Could you please start a small fire so we can cook some of this meat for you.”

Chris nodded and gathered a bit of tinder while trying not to squirm too much. He would die of embarrassment if Josh found out he had to use the bathroom. It took him a couple of minutes to find enough tinder together for a small fire and he brought it over by his friend.

Josh hummed as he skinned the elk with his claws and cut the head off. He paid no attention to Chris all the while. His humming helped calm himself as he saw a small flame appear next to him.

“You could have made the fire a little further away from me.”

"I'm just working with what little space we have," Chris responded. He added a little bit more tinder to keep the fire going before looking at the skinless elk.

"Still doesn't mean that it has to be that close to me," Josh growled as he gestured to the small space between him and the fire.

Chris sighed and pouted. "Why are you a bigger dick than normal?"

"It's just the way I've always been," he replied under his breath. Josh stuck large chunks of meat on sticks and shoved them in the ground by the edge of the fire. He moved back to the elk corpse and started to eat it.

Chris gagged and turned his head towards the meat cooking over the fire. He tried to ignore the fact that his best friend had enough strength to kill if he wasn’t careful. His body gave a shudder and he leaked quite a bit.

Josh’s nose twitched at the sudden smell of ammonia filled the tiny space. His gaze automatically snapped to the tall blonde bent over and holding himself.

“Why didn’t you tell me that you had to go?” Josh questioned.

“I thought you would laugh at me,” Chris mumbled in return as he twisted his legs together.

“It’s not safe to go outside right now, so you’ll have to go in the corner. I promise not to look,” Josh said honestly as he turned his back to the blonde.

Chris whimpered and slowly shuffled over to the only corner of the room. He struggled to get a lot of his heavy layers out of the way before the floodgates opened on their own.

Josh smiled and snickered quietly as he heard the blonde moan in relief. He could hear liquid hitting the ground like a waterfall. It was a little uncomfortable to be in the same space, but he would try to make it bigger.

He rested his head against the cold wall and a dark blush spread over his face as he kept going. His stream kept going for a couple of minutes before dying down. Chris quickly fixed his clothes before turning around and looking at Josh.

“You can look again,” Chris said softly as he looked at the ground.

“You definitely should have gone sooner and this could have been avoided,” Josh reprimanded. “It’s something everyone does.”

“It’s just really embarrassing to have someone else know though,” he grumbled.

“Would it be better if you had an accident and got hypothermia from sitting in wet clothes?” he questioned.

“No, but it doesn’t matter now.” Chris sighed as he sat by the fire and and started eating the cooked meat. He kept his mouth full so he didn’t have to talk anymore.

Josh shook his head and decided to go see how strong his scent was around the cabin. He easily climbed out of the hole and looked around. His nose twitched and burned with the scent of another wendigo. A growl rose in his chest and he noticed the culprit still hanging around his last bit of scent. It didn’t notice him standing there and continued marking. He huffed and lunged lunged at it. The other wendigo finally raised it’s head and looked at him as his body collided with it. It screamed and tried to claw at him. Josh growled louder and clawed at it’s face. The other wendigo screeched and tried to get away from him. He jumped away from it and watched it run away.

He sighed and looked at the spot it had been marking. His mark was just about gone at the moment and it pissed him off. Josh had just marked it a couple of days ago, but had wore down so fast. It took a couple of minutes for him to get his pants undone with his claws. Now a days it was hard to tell when his bladder was full since he had to deal with permanent hunger and ‘The Rut’ every month. He sighed and rest his jumbled head against a nearby tree. His bladder was happy to finally be emptied and the liquid splashed against the ground. He cracked his neck as he went and kept looking around for any other signs of trouble.

It was only a minute or two before he heard the leaves rustle. Josh growled and stopped marking. He watched as Chris walked out of the brush.

“What are you doing out here?” Josh hissed.

“I was wondering where you went,” Chris responded.

“You could get killed if you stay out here,” he warned.

“I know, but I also got lonely.” he said quietly.

“I was only going to be out here marking the area for a few minutes,” Josh explained.

“That explains what you were doing when I found you,” Chris chuckled. He took Josh’s undone pants and the stained ground at his feet.

“They recently decided to try and take my nest. It’s probably going to get worse since your here now,” he said as he started walk towards the next spot he had to mark again. “You could go back to the hole.”

“But that’s so boring,” he whined as he followed Josh.

“You really need to learn what’s safe for you,” Josh sighed. He looked around to make sure no other wendigos were around before starting to mark again.

“How do you know you need to go through all this trouble all this trouble to mark again?” Chris asked, genuinely curious.

“I’m usually scouting the area at night and making sure it’s all still marked with my scent then remarking when it’s not,” Josh answered. His body sagged as he went and he didn’t really care that the blonde was watching him intently. It just felt way too good to care.

“And you were complaining about me not going,” Chris teased.

“My case is different since it’s usually the last thing on my mind with the way it works,” he explained. Josh stopped himself and walked along to the next marking spot. “I’m normally focused on eating and trying to deal with rut season.”

“What is the rut season?” Chris questioned as he trailed behind him.

“It’s basically mating season,” Josh responded. He easily started marking yet again.

“How do you deal with it then?” He questioned.

“I just ignored it until it ends since I’m all alone,” Josh shrugged.

“That must be painful after awhile,” Chris mused.

“Not really. You just grow used to it after a while,” he said indifferently. Josh knew that they should head back to his nest after this, but he wanted to go hunt some more.

“What would you say to getting a new cabin built?” he asked offhandedly.

“I wouldn’t be opposed to it, but I would rather keep my hole that contains my nest,” Josh responded honestly. “Why do you ask?”

“I was just wondering,” Chris said. He tried not to stare below Josh’s waist since he had heard about the mating season. It was difficult since he had realized how he felt about the rich kid a few days before coming to the mountain again.

Josh hummed and quickly finished marking. “Time to head back to the nest.” He fixed his pants the best he could at the moment before he started heading back towards the nest of his.

###

This didn't take me very long and there's a few omo like scenes. I hope you all enjoy and as always, suggestions are happily welcomed.

*003*2016-01-15 03:17

Thank you for the support. I'm still working on it, but work and school have picked up so it was delayed for a while.

*004*2016-01-15 03:37

Josh could hear Chris following him. It only took them a few minutes to get back and in the hole.

“How are we gonna spend the rest of the night?” Chris questioned as he sat by the fire.

“Just sit here and wait for the sun to come up,” Josh responded as he stayed away from the flames. “You could tell how everyone else is doing.”

“Sam and Ashley are dating now and so are Matt and Mike. Emily is a bigger bitch than before and Jess is in college for nursing,” Chris explained.

“Then you were worrying your ass off over me,” he said.

“Sounds about right,” he replied. Chris sighed and pulled his knees to his chest. He rested his chin on them and tried not to think about how he had basically abandoned them when they had told him Josh was dead and it was useless to look for him.

“What’s the sad look for?” Josh questioned as he moved closer to the blonde.

“Just thinking about a lot of things,” Chris sighed in return.

“Must be some pretty depressing thoughts if you look that sad,” he commented as he cocked his head to the side.

“It’s only the conversation with everyone else before I came out here,” he huffed. Chris raised his head and looked at Josh.

“What did they say to make you so upset?” Josh asked gently.

“They told me that you were dead and that I should give up on looking for you,” Chris sobbed. He hid his face in his knees as he slowly broke drown.

“I’m glad you didn’t give up. I probably would’ve forgot everything that made me human if I didn’t have something to constantly remind me of it.” Josh said quietly as he careful grabbed Chris’s chin and raised his head. “You were right to come out here no matter how much I bitch and complain about it, but I would never make you leave.”

Chris sniffled and stared into his eyes.They were a bright green thanks to the white film over them. He had noticed a while ago that the light made the film slightly less noticeable and the green stand out more. The shade of green reminded him of a forest.

"I hate seeing you this upset,” Josh said softly.

“I don’t understand why they would be so rude to one of their friends,” he hiccuped.

“They’re probably still hurt by what I did to them. I don’t blame them for hating and wanting me dead,” he replied as he remembered the horrible things he had done to them.

“I don’t care about what happened then, but what happens now.” Chris responded as he grabbed Josh’s arm.

“Well, the rut is coming up in a couple of weeks. I don’t know if you’d want to stay around for that,” he said.

“Depends on how you act during it,” he said.

“I’ll probably be trying to rip your clothes off and and forcing you to be submissive to me,” Josh explained as he looked towards the floor.

“I don’t think that would be a problem for me,” Chris responded as he rested a hand on Josh’s shoulder.

“Why not?” he questioned.

“Because I sorta love you,” he answered softly.

“When did this come about?” Josh asked gently.

“I did a lot of thinking before I came out here and one of the realizations I came to was that I was in love with you,” Chris replied as a bright blush painted his cheeks.

“You fell in love with a monster that could kill you, but you would willing put your life on the fact it’s me to not do it. I think most people would think you’re insane and need to be locked away in a mental institute,” he growled as he made Chris back up against a wall.

“I don’t care about their opinion on my mental state. As long as I have you, I will be complete.” he said sincerely. Chris took in the rich kid’s heaving chest and slightly flushed face. “So, I’m not the only one affected by this.”

“Why would ever assume I’m not affected by you. I would have to be dead in order for that to be true,” Josh panted. He rested his forehead against Chris’s and looked in his eyes. They were a deep blue like the ocean and they only made his lust go for the blonde go higher.

“If this keeps up any longer I don’t think your pants will be save able,” Chris chuckled lightly. His gaze was focused on the bulge that Josh was making in his pants.

“Then why are you not doing anything?" He responded as he started to pant lightly.

###

This may not be the longest thing since school and work, but it should tide ya over until I write more. Support is always appreciated.

