Paid for a dare

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2013-11-16 17:51

I have always been a bit of a flirt with the boys, some may say I was a bit of a tease in my younger days. Anyway, one thing I want to tell you about is my secret passion that I discovered when I was younger, and all because a boy offered me a dare. If I would do the dare that he set me, then he said he would pay me for it. This is how I found my love of wetting myself.

It’s funny really how it all began. As a youngster I remember having had a few accidents when I was playing and left it too late, I’m sure we have all had those, but I grew out of such things and went for many years without ever wetting my panties. I admit I do often tend to hold on when I need a pee and leave it quite late to go, I have always found that I quite like the feeling of a full bladder, and curiously that is how it came to pass.

I was out one evening at a youth club when I was 17. I was a bit of a rebel and had gone outside to have a smoke with one of the lads, Robbie. It was a lovely evening and we stood around smoking and chatting, but soon I also found I was getting desperate for a pee. Robbie cracked quite a funny joke and we fell about laughing. As I also wanted a pee at that stage I had to cross my legs and jig about a bit, it was obvious what the problem was.

I told Robbie I needed to go in for a pee when we had finished smoking, and he said ok. We carried on chatting for a while and finished our cigarettes. Robbie kept looking at me, we had known each other since we were little, and he said could he ask me something before we went back inside. I was intrigued and said what was it he wanted to know.

He took a deep breath and said did I promise not to tell anyone, and I said of course not. By now I was wondering what it could possibly be.

He then said that he could see I was desperate for a pee as I had been jigging about when we laughed, and he asked me very quietly if, at some time, I would dare to wet my panties and let him watch. If I did the dare he would give me £10 to do it. I wasn’t sure if he was joking, so I asked what it was he wanted me to do. He explained that he wanted to see me peeing in my panties, just a bit, just enough to make a wet patch show between my legs, but not letting go and completely soaking them. The idea didn’t bother me too much and I said I might consider it. As it was something of a surprise I wasn’t sure about doing it there and then, so I said let me think about it and I would tell him later. At that we went back inside and I went off to the toilet for a pee.

That evening and over the next few days I thought about it more and more, he wanted to see a little ‘accident’ but nothing too embarrassing for me. I liked Robbie a lot and he had been quite brave to ask me, and £10 was quite a lot of money at that time. I couldn’t see any harm in it and in fact the thought of holding on, which I enjoyed, but then actually wetting myself made me begin to feel a bit horny. A deal between friends would be ok, so I decided to try it.

The next week I prepared for the youth club and for seeing Robbie. I dressed in a fairly short cotton summer skirt and white blouse, and put on a pair of pale pink cotton panties underneath my skirt, and I wore open sandals.

We all met up and the evening passed pleasantly enough, and the time came when Robbie and I went out for a smoke. As we stood outside we chatted away, and then I said that I had been thinking a lot about our discussion the week before. He looked a bit shy when I asked him if he still wanted me to do the dare. I was already in need of a pee so I began to jig around a bit and to cross my legs, as I said earlier I was always a bit of a tease!

He said yes he really did, and so I said if he had £10 then we had a deal and I would do it for him that evening. We carried on talking for a bit longer but, as I didn’t want to try wetting myself where everyone was at the club, we decided to make our excuses and to leave, and we set off walking home together.

There was a small park nearby so we headed there. By now I was really in need of a pee so I told him I was desperate. As we walked I asked him what would turn him on, would he like it if I wet myself while we were standing talking but without telling him until after I had done it? What would he say if I had now already wet myself? I hadn’t but talking about it seemed to be getting him excited.

I went over to a wooden bench and sat down, lifting up my short skirt so he could see my sexy pink panties, which at this point were still dry. I asked if he could see them and did he really want me to be a naughty girl and wet myself. He walked over, gave me a grin, then handed me a £10 note, and there was my answer!

I was by now quite desperate with a fairly full bladder, and I tried to let go and start to pee, but at first it was really difficult, especially as I was trying to only do a little bit, and nothing happened.

I decided it might be easier standing up, so I stood leaning against the back of the bench, and lifted up my skirt so Robbie could see. I had to close my eyes and really concentrate, I was by now quite desperate but it was quite hard to actually let go and do it in my panties. It was much harder than I had expected, but then I felt myself begin to pee a bit.

At first just a tiny dribble which then stopped. Overcoming these inhibitions was more difficult than I imagined. Then I began again, a bit more this time, but then it stopped again. I could feel my panties were warm and a little bit damp.

I tried again, this time I could feel it starting more easily, trickling out, I could feel myself peeing into my panties, and then I could feel the cotton of my panties getting all wet and warm. I stopped. Robbie was just looking at me, with my pink panties now very damp between my legs. I did a bit more until it began to drip onto the ground, and there was by now a dark pink patch spreading through the cotton.

I could see an enormous bulge in his trousers, he had a big hard on. I stopped peeing but let Robbie look for a little longer, then I lowered my skirt and said I thought we should go home. Robbie walked me back, I had warm wet panties on and I was finding it all quite a turn on. Walking through the streets still needing a pee and having wet myself, and nobody knowing except Robbie was fantastic.

I can only guess what Robbie did that night with his erection when he got home. I just said a quick Hi to my parents then went straight up to my room. I had to rinse out my panties that night so no one would know, but I gave myself a big orgasm when I went to bed.

We never really became an item me and Robbie, but we did repeat our deal again a few more times in different scenarios. It seemed to suit both of us and there was no harm done, just a few pairs of panties to wash out now and again. I found I began to really enjoy arranging my secret little accidents to share with Robbie. My parents never did get to find out what I used to do. And that is how I came to be into wetting myself for pleasure.

