The Iron Queen - Page 5

Author: Pain

*081*2019-03-22 15:03

{{19 hours ago, Biku said:

You're a saint. Now Queen Charlotte's fate is pending. I still wonder how those smallclothes look, but good job as always

}}

Well, the smallclothes look something like this-

And thanks once again for taking out the time to read, Biku. Your support means a lot.

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn what a fantastic chapter can't wait to read what happens next

}}

Thank you so much, my dear! It means a lot.

$$

*085*2019-03-25 21:26

{{On 3/24/2019 at 10:22 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Awesome new chapter. I loved the two sisters and I am curious about the next day.

Personally I hope the Queen will pee the same day. If in a privy or if she wets herself will be interesting to find out. But IMO she shouldn't be able to hold it any longer.

}}

Thank you so much, Wedgeantilles! It means a lot! I know the readers have been awaiting the climax for quite some time now and I promise we will be there quick. But the story still has a few points and plots to establish, so there's still a bit of time for that. I sincerely thank you for being such an ardent and sturdy support, my friend! I would like to be honest and tell you that your comments have been one of my greatest motivations to keep writing! Thank you so much for your valuable insights and suggestions! I am really humbled to have a reader like you. Hope you will keep supporting.

{{21 hours ago, omolover97 said:

Absolutely loving it! Keep it up

}}

Thank you so much, dear friend! That means a lot!

*086*2019-03-25 23:21

That night after the feast, when the Queen removed her crown before she took the bed, a sudden wave of agony ripped through her swollen bladder, threatening to explode then and there. But Her Highness fought back with all her valor and pressed her thighs to control her urgent need. But it was not enough. She was dying for a piss.

*090*2019-03-29 14:19

{{On 3/26/2019 at 5:51 AM, gfaroank said:

The queen is a godlike existence, looking forward to the follow-up

}}

Thanks a ton! It means a lot!

{{On 3/27/2019 at 12:08 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, that are great words! Thank you very much!

I am glad that you feel encouraged by my postings

Awesome drawing btw!

I'll be delighted to read a new chapter.

}}

Sure, I'll post as soon as I finish working on it!

{{On 3/28/2019 at 7:36 AM, byronrickards said:

I’m surprised nobody has mistaken Charlotte for pregnant, given how swollen her abdomen must be.

}}

Actually, she was mistaken for being pregnant by the wine seller in the fourth chapter.

*093*2019-04-03 13:37

{{On 4/2/2019 at 1:31 PM, Bombality said:

This is awesome, just as big as I imagined, also I just realized she looks like her back hurts, should we be worried about the royal kidneys?

}}

Thank you so much Bombality! Still waiting for your rendition of the Queen. And it is not the ache in her back but the ache in her bladder that is making her grimace. The weight in her bladder is too heavy hence she is holding her back to straighten herself.

*095*2019-04-05 13:28

{{14 hours ago, jimpix123 said:

Someone needs to draw her nude on god, those titties look crazy

}}

Haha! I wish someone did!

*097*2019-04-17 13:16

{{On 4/15/2019 at 7:59 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

So so? After many amazing chapters, which we read with a single breath, still waiting for more marvelous chapters

}}

Thank you so much! I am glad you liked it! I'll try to post the next chapter as soon as possible. It is still under work but I hope it will be worth the wait.

*101*2019-04-21 18:35

{{On 4/20/2019 at 4:36 PM, triggercommand said:

I wanted to contribute with my own fanart as a thank you for such an amazing story. Below are drawings of the Queen's different phases of fullness after she wakes up each morning.

}}

I just want to say thank you so much for these incredible pictures! I loved them! Thank you!

And thank you once again for the compliments on the story! I promise to post the next chapter as soon as I can!

*104*2019-06-05 09:10

DAY-X

The Guards of Ravenswood

With the first rays of the warm morning sun, Charlotte’s eyes peeked open as the sweet chirping of birds filled the chambers. She tried to sit up but felt an immense increase in pressure as she did so. Her bladder was now rock hard. The full effects of the nine pints of beer from the feast last night had filled out most of the empty nooks and crevices of her capacity, and now she felt that her bladder was stretched tight. She was very, very full, and her piss tank felt heavy in her belly. Getting up was a difficult task, but she completed it nonetheless.

She walked slowly to the privy and tried to push open the door again, but still, it did not move. The Queen didn’t know what to do. She had been holding her waters for a whopping nine days now and she didn’t know how much longer she could keep holding. Her bladder felt so swollen and full she just wanted to empty it but then she remembered her years of training to become a proper lady. No great lady ever let her body overcome her mind. Charlotte knew she had to hold it no matter how badly she needed to go. Thus, controlling her need, Her Highness summoned Elizabeth. The girl helped the Queen dress in a silk amber gown before tying her hair neatly in front of the mirror, and all the while Her Highness kept crossing and uncrossing her legs and bobbing up and down on her knees while she stood.

“Your Highness, are you alright?” Elizabeth inquired, watching her Queen squirming in urgent desperation.

“Yes, I am,” Charlotte said, “Now go, and wait till I call for you!” The servant girl bowed and left and when she did Farlen sat up on his bed.

“How are you doing, my Queen?” he said rubbing his eyes after what felt like an eternity of sleep.

“Oh, what must I say?” Charlotte said, “See how full my bladder has become” she sighed, turning towards the boy, holding her inflated stomach with both her hands.

Farlen’s eyes widened in shock and amazement, he couldn’t believe how massive her bulge looked, “You must be bursting, my Queen!”

“I am, my morning urge to piss is at its highest right now…” she said.

“D-do you want me to call someone to help you with the privy door?” Farlen asked, worried at how serious the situation was becoming.

“No, you mustn’t do that!” Charlotte shushed him, “It would be an embarrassment like no other if someone came to know that I cannot get into the privy. It would be better if we just kept it a secret and look for some other way before my bladder bursts!”

Far away from there, amidst the woods, Iwan looked on in amazement as the giant cheetahs sat gracefully, handled by their caretakers on the horse drawn carts that dragged on the stony road that was a little more than two ruts amongst the dense forest.

Though it was the norm to use hounds for a hunt, the dogs lacked the ability to follow the scent of the quarry, and run it down. Hence, the people of Boḫārā for centuries had been using cheetahs for the chase. The cats were trained especially to kill the deer that roamed aplenty in these woods. The hunters would use their dogs to bring the concealed prey out in the open, after which a cheetah was set upon it to kill it. Big as lions, the cats’ furs were golden spotted with black all over, sparkling in the fresh rays of the morning sun that filtered through the roof of leaves above. As they rode, King Iwan asked the man who sat in the cart with one of the cheetahs, “What’s his name?”

“Tansy, my King” he replied, running his hand over the head of his cat. She purred in response. There were two more cheetahs with them on another pair of carts, one of which was named King George after Iwan’s own great grandfather and the other Neckbreaker, for the animal always killed its prey by breaking its neck. The forests of these lands were filled with such magnificent beasts, shrub oxen, dire wolves, mammoths, saber-toothed tigers, cave bears, and aurochs. It had always been a place of great game.

Iwan wondered what adventures awaited them. They had set off from the city early in the morning when the dew lay on the grass, up through the forest to a high saddle in the mountains and down on to their sunny northern slopes where one looked across the green wolds of the country. They were secured back and front by four guardsmen in mailed shirts and coifs, and Edgar, Late Lord Louis Gardener’s ward.

Edgar's father, who was the Lord of Rivington, had fought in the War of the Three Roberts, assisting Lord Louis’ forces with his own small retinue. The War of the Three Roberts was a brief rebellion of three Southern Lords, all called Robert, against King Owain, Iwan’s father.

Owain had succeeded his father King Henry without disturbances. However, like his father he had to cope with the restless Southern Lords, who for long had wanted a free dominion.

The King had attempted at conciliation with his cousin Duke Robert II of Warbrooke, however Robert—called "the Wrangler"— refused the offer.

Duke Robert continued to plan a rebellion against the throne, but the King, informed of his cousin’s motives, marched against Warbrooke and occupied Robert's castle, and the Duke had to flee to the court of his ally Geoffrey II of Netley.

Later that year, King Owain decided to march against Lord Robert of Malbork, who had joined hands with Robert of Warbrooke. But plague and the onset of winter had forced the King to lift the siege and withdraw back to Godswick. But Robert of Malbork gave chase and destroyed the royal rearguard.

The conflict only grew in the coming year: while the King’s troop invaded the Duchy of Malbork and enforced the submission by Duke Robert, a new conspiracy arose. The conspirators—Robert II of Warbrooke, the recently deposed Robert of Malbork, and the Duke of Stratford, Lord Robert I the Younger, joined hands and even had the support of the Church.

In times of such peril, King Owain relied on the assistance of Lord Louis Gardener of Tantallon who had long been his father’s friend. Lord Peter of Sherborne and Lord Merek Torrington of Longford also came forward on their King’s summon. The King gathered his forces and attacked Lake Town, where the rebels had assembled. Finally, in the Holy Month of September, the town surrendered due to his siege tactics and at the Easter court next year, at the capital, the three insurrectionists were punished. The three Dukes were banished: Robert the Wrangler was imprisoned in the custody of Bishop Folcmar of Beaufront; Robert of Stratford lost his Duchy to his vassal Lord Edwin of Rutherglen, son of Adamm the Red, while Lord Robert of Malbork was arrested in St. Mawes but was released after the midsummer of July.

During the entire conflict, Edgar's father served well under Lord Gardener. Through their good relationship, Lord Louis agreed to foster his son Edgar at Tantallon, a great honor for a lesser House. Edgar then came to Tantallon when he was seven years old, bringing along all he owned in a sack.

There he befriended Lord Louis’ granddaughters Katherine and Isabelle. His skill at arms grew with him and at the age of seventeen, he became a member of the household guard at Tantallon. But swords and arrows were not the only things that held the boy’s interest. He secretly enjoyed it when pretty girls with huge bladders could hold their piss for hours on end, building up real gushers. And in this regard, he was fortunate. Ladies Katherine and Isabelle possessed the biggest bladders of anyone he had known. He loved nothing more than to see Katherine and Isabelle fill themselves up with drink after drink, and watch them hold it all in without complaint.

Even today, he expected to see both the sisters drink plenty of water and wine through the hunt that he hoped would make them desperate by the time they took their road back to the castle.

Katherine’s friend Marianne Rolfe had also accompanied them. She was the daughter of Sadon Rolfe, the steward of Tantallon, and had been with Katherine like a shadow since they were little children. As much as she liked Katherine, Marianne always mocked Isabelle calling her grumpy face, smirking at her and mocking her whenever she was near.

It was a pleasant summer morning and they all were led north by Lark and his hounds, away from the lake, following a farm road across the fields and into the deeper woods. As they rode, Katherine kept taking swigs from the flask of water she had carried. She looked beautiful, with her brown eyes sparkling under the rays of the morning sun and her gorgeous brown hair running down the back of her smooth pink dress. Her beauty made Iwan’s heart skip a beat.

Isabelle looked beautiful too. She had been sipping from her skin of water as well, while Marianne had already drunk loads of water before leaving the castle, but she had been taking timely swallows from her own flask. The horses whinnied and scuffed as they rode. The weather was still cold and agreeable and it was a delight to ride through the forest at this time.

Katherine was soon done with her water skin and began with the canteen of wine she had brought along while listening to the sweet humming of birds through the branches over her head.

The girls still looked confident and carefree but all that water had already started catching up to them and they were beginning to feel all of it rushing into their bladders. Marianne had taken out her flask of wine too and was sipping from it from time to time. Isabelle, on the other hand, waited for a while before starting with hers.

Soon, the skin of water and the flask of wine that each girl had carried ran empty. King Iwan was more than happy to share his canteen with Katherine while Isabelle took from Edgar and Marianne drank from the skins the men had carried with them on the carts.

By now, the King had noticed Edgar taking timely glances at the girls drinking from the skins. “You like it when they drink like that don’t you?” Iwan said in a low voice as they rode abreast.

“W-What? N-no, my King! Not at all! But why do you think so?” he said, surprised at the sudden question, his hands began to shake with the fear as he held the reins of his horse.

“I saw you staring at them while they drank all that water, you are keeping count of how much they are drinking aren’t you?”

Poor Edgar felt his throat dry and his heart pounding, “N-no, no, my King! That is not the truth at all!”

“You don’t have to hide it from me, I know you like watching them drink like that. And if I may admit, then I too am fond of watching a girl drink a lot and then hold it for a really long time” King Iwan said softly, making sure no one could hear them.

“R-really? W-Would that be true, Your Highness?” Edgar asked, feeling comforted to hear the King’s admission and knowing that he was not alone in his perversion.

“Yes, I really do,” Iwan said, “Now tell me, what you have seen?”

“W-well, I saw Lady Isabelle drink so much water before we left the castle, I wonder if she needs to empty herself at all, she hasn’t taken a piss this entire time. She has got to be really filling up,” Edgar told His Highness and Iwan was happy to know that.

“I know, Lady Katherine must be filling fast too! She has been holding since I met her for breakfast, I swear she is a horse. She had three pots of tea when we sat down to eat, so she must soon be bursting!” Iwan replied softly.

“You can already see their bladders!” Edgar said excitedly. It was true, as they rode along; Iwan saw that the girls had developed little paunches that bulged over their dresses. The King wondered how much they had inside their bladders.

Soon they stopped to water their horses and refill their canteens by the brook, the sound of water clattering over the stones filling the air with its sweet melodious hymn. The girls’ bladders were swelling with each passing minute now and the King and Edgar wondered what more water would do to them. They were back on their way before long and the ladies began to drink from their skins of water while the boys tried to hide their excitement. They shot each other looks of glee at the thought of all that liquid rushing into the girls’ already stretched bladders. The ride from there was more than an hour long, and soon the shared wine skins ran empty as well. Iwan and Edgar could barely pay attention to anything else because they were too occupied watching the girls’ ever-expanding bladders.

It was obvious that the drinks were filling the impressive capacities of Ladies Katherine and Isabelle and their friend Marianne, but none of the girls looked even slightly uncomfortable. They simply rode through the forest, though they now had melon-sized lumps protruding from their bellies.

The veneur led the hunting party deeper into the woods, and when Iwan took a swig from his flask of water, Katherine made a crack about how he must watch what he drank if at all he wanted to make it back to the castle without being caught short.

“That is true,” Isabelle chimed in, “Boys really can’t hold their bladders very well at all.”

“Oh, is that so? You girls wouldn’t be able to last another hour if you drank anymore!” he challenged back playfully. Of course, he didn’t know if that was true, but he found it really exciting to dare them.

“We’ll see who needs to piss during the hunt, and who has enough self-control to actually hold it till they get back to the castle,” Isabelle said proudly and Iwan and Edgar could only feel their hearts pumping faster in response.

They stopped again for a short while to eat a quick nibble of bread and passing chunks of yellow cheese from hand to hand. After they were done eating, the three girls came up to where Iwan and Edgar stood and gave a wry smile, saying, “See? All that water and wine and not a single piss, no problem for a Lady,” Katherine stood with her hands crossed under her bosom, her bladder very swollen and round. Isabelle nodded in agreement, rubbing her abdomen, “Yeah, stretched out but no problem at all! Why don’t you men just admit that we girls can hold it for a really long time?”

“Well, I guess you ladies were right. You really can hold it for a long time. But I and Edgar are going to go behind the bushes now, and we bet you’ll have to go too. I bet you three have been dying to go behind the bushes too so you could relieve yourselves.”

Katherine laughed playfully before replying, “That is not the truth at all, my sweet King. You two go ahead and relieve yourselves. We would be fine with skipping our piss, isn’t that right?”

“Yes, of course,” sweet Marianne answered, “I don’t need to go at all.”

“That is right,” Isabelle chimed in, “I barely feel anything inside my bladder.”

Iwan and Edgar smiled before they went into the bushes, and Edgar started talking, “Oh my God, did you see Marianne’s bladder, Your Highness?! She’s going burst for sure!”, and then King Iwan added in, “Lady Katherine may be a tank, but all that water, wine, and tea might have sure as hell made a dent in her capacity! She’ll have to go soon without a doubt!” The boys relieved themselves, washed their hands in the brook, and returned to the awaiting maidens, who were standing next to their horses refusing to go find a secluded spot despite their massive loads of pent up piss. The girls refilled their water skins again before they resumed their journey, and began to drink from it as soon as they were back on the road. Edgar and King Iwan shot each other another look. Things were about to get interesting.

The climbing sun was making the girls greedily drain their canteens, which was only increasing the huge bulges in their stomachs. King Iwan looked at Edgar as the girls rode ahead and whispered, “I think Lady Isabelle needs a piss.” Indeed, the girl was rubbing her abdomen as she rode. The drinks and the holding were beginning to take their toll and there was still some time before they started back for the castle.

The day was growing warmer, and the dogs had not caught the scent yet. The big black bitch took one sniff at the suddenly found bear tracks, before she backed off, and skulked back to the pack with her tail between her legs.

“Bloody hell,” the huntsman gave the leashes a hard yank to get the dogs’ attention. “Track, you bastards. Get us to the deer. You want some meat or no? Find!” But the hounds only huddled closer, whining, and afraid.

He snapped his short lash above their heads, and the black bitch snarled at him. “The deer seem to have gone further into the woods,” he told everyone, “It will take a long while to track them, I suppose we must go back to the city today and come back on the morrow, maybe the deer will come out by then.”

“We can’t go back empty hand, Lark,” said Barldon the veneur, “We need to make a kill for the feast.”

Lark nodded and kept the hounds on the tracks. They kept riding and soon the woods faded, and much to the girls’ respite, they came across a small piece of farmland on their way. The house next to it looked as though it had once been a large stone pigpen, but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several stories high, though it still looked beautiful from outside. Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the brown roof. Around the front door lay a jumble of carrots and shallots and a very rusty cauldron. Several fat brown chickens were pecking their way around the yard.

The girls’ wanting to give their sore backs and swelling bladders some rest, decided to make a halt here. The short plump, kind-faced old woman who was walking across the yard, scattering chickens, and her husband who was on the farm cutting wheat with his scythe, stopped when they saw riders coming, and when the couple realized who they were, they welcomed the guests into their humble abode. The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, and Iwan sat down, looking around.

The old woman, whose name was Susan smiled as she went to the kitchen to draw a few beers and Katherine, Isabelle and Marianne went along to help her. By now the girls’ bladders were starting to get seriously full but they were confident of their storage tanks and knew they could make more room inside their vessels if needs be.

Iwan stared breathlessly at Katherine who was arranging the beer mugs. She seemed to be standing stiffer than usual, but otherwise was showing no signs of needing to wee. But her bladder was bulging monstrously over her dress.

When she came to serve the beers, Iwan whispered in her ear “Do you have to take a piss or something?”

“Oh me?” Katherine responded, “Not at all, my King, why do you ask?” She sat down and took a sip from her mug. Iwan was amazed to see this girl behave so calm with all that urine inside her. He knew she was brimming with liters of piss, and her sister and friend looked like they were going to get desperate soon.

They all enjoyed a few good mugs before deciding to get back on the road. The ride continued, and by afternoon there was no doubt that Isabelle was getting desperate for a piss. She could hardly sit still on her horse.

Iwan was noticing more and more that Marianne too was rubbing her bladder as they rode. She was carrying what looked like a pumpkin for a bladder and had grown quieter than before. “It seems that Marianne is getting close to bursting!” Iwan told Edgar, who himself was watching the girl with great interest.

“God, I wonder if she’s going to admit it soon enough or wait until she is absolutely desperate! I love it when her big bladder reaches its limit!” Edgar added excitedly. They knew Katherine too might be getting desperate now but she was currently making a show of looking at the woods around, but both the men saw it as a veil to cover up the enormous pressure building up inside her bladder. She rode with her back straight, and the King had to admit, “Lady Katherine is still hanging tough, though. She really has a will of iron, huh?”

“And a bladder of steel!” Edgar finished for him. They kept riding deeper into the woods looking for the deer. King Iwan looked at Katherine, Isabelle, and Marianne as he rode, the girls looked calm and collected but he knew they were building up real gushers inside their very full bladders. How they had been able to contain so much pressure and piss inside their tanks for so long was beyond his imagination. All he knew was that he loved watching these iron-bladdered ladies hold it all in without complaint.

Soon they all stopped near the creek to rest while the girls refilled their water skins again. King Iwan picked a beautiful pink flower for his Lady Katherine while on his way back from the brook.

“Thank you, my King” Katherine said as she held the flower close to her chest, “It is the most beautiful flower I’ve ever seen.” Her face shone with a smile, but what caught Iwan’s eye was the distinct bulge in her belly. Her bladder had swollen incredibly, containing her liters worth of piss. Iwan was getting excited. He could feel the front of his breeches tightening.

“My Lady” he asked, “I know you’ve had a lot to drink and you haven’t been yet. Don't you need to relieve yourself?”

“Oh, don’t you worry, my King. I’m fine, really” Katherine smiled, “I’ve been on hunts before with my Lord father. My bladder’s really really big. It’s not even complaining yet,” she replied, stunning him.

The King only nodded with a smile, and secretly hoped she got really desperate before they reached back to the castle. They looked for Lady Isabelle and Marianne and found them both with Edgar, drinking horns of beer standing near a cart on which the huntsmen had carried a huge wooden canteen of maple filled with hopped barley brew.

As they walked towards the cart where the others stood, Katherine noticed a smile on Marianne’s face.

“Marianne?” she asked. “What’ makes you smile?”

Marianne looked up. “I was just remembering,” she said, holding the horn of beer, “Lord Gardener brought us here once, to fish for trout. Willas, you and Isabelle and me. Do you remember?”

“I remember,” Katherine said, thinking of Lord Louis.

“I didn’t catch anything,” Marianne said, “but he gave me his fish on the way back home.”

“I remember. I miss him” Katherine said with a faint beam reminiscent of her memories with her grandfather. He had been a true knight and a warrior and he had loved Katherine the most.

After they all had their fill of beer from the wooden flask, they decided to ride further.

The girls climbed their mounts with their very full bladders that were beginning to ache now. “Go,” Marianne whispered to her horse. She touched her neck lightly, and the small chestnut filly started to walk. Marianne had named her Blessing. She was two and a half years old, and Abelard, the stable boy at Tantallon, had said she was smarter than any horse he had known.

They maintained a brisk walk through the woods. Isabelle soon felt her throat drying and she started to chug more water from her leather flask. The King was left mesmerized, these beautiful girls were loading themselves up with beer, wine, and water, and he didn’t know how much more their bladders could take.

They came across several trees and bushes where the girls could have easily relieved themselves, but they didn’t seem bothered with the need to empty their bladders. He knew Katherine and Isabelle had a higher standard to hold themselves up to; being of noble birth, but Marianne could have used a good piss. But perhaps the girl had taught herself to act like a highborn and not relieve herself until her friends did.

Both he and Edgar were excited to the heavens, knowing the fact that none of the girls had taken a piss this entire time. With all the liquid they had consumed, they knew the girls might have filled up incredibly, but none of them looked even the least bit distressed. Their demeanors were tranquil and calm. Both the lads could swear these ladies were horses. Iwan was sure with all the morning water and tea they had before setting out of the castle, their bladders must have filled up like tanks. And he knew it was only a matter of time before the tanks started to overflow.

They kept on the road and soon King Iwan was feeling the need to relieve himself, and for him to want to go again, he knew Katherine, Isabelle and Marianne would have been bursting, but the girls were still not giving the slightest indication of needing to relieve themselves. However all his doubts and questions were put to rest when he heard the next words from Katherine’s mouth, “All that water has gone straight through me” she said laughing in a carefree way, maybe a sign that her bladder was filling. Though Iwan didn’t say anything then, the crotch of his breeches tightened further. Katherine took the lead, kicking her horse to a brisk heedless trot until the trees closed in around her. He wondered if it was her need to piss that made her go ahead like that. Was she in a hurry? He trailed her, and the others followed as best as they could. Wolves howled off in the distance. No one spoke for a long while.

After that, they went on till they came among tall pine trees. They passed through a small village with a few cottages that had smoke coming out of their chimneys. There was a tavern as well. They decided to halt. A dog barked as they rode near, and King Iwan heard a mule’s raucous haw from the stable, but otherwise, the village was still. The scrumptious scent of cinnamon brewet came through the open windows of the tavern.

Iwan and Katherine entered first to be welcomed by a fat, gray, balding man who wore a delightful smile on his face to have new guests. As they walked towards a table near the window, King Iwan swallowed the lump in his throat looking down at Katherine’s swollen stomach; it had grown bigger, much bigger than before. The thought of what a big gusher she might be building inside her bladder groped his mind. He felt his member hardening.

“Do you need to relieve yourself, my Lady? I could ask them for a quiet room and chamberpot if you need” he asked just before they took their seats, assuming she would say yes.

“I am not sure if they have a room, and it’s not that pressing anyway,” she replied instead, looking for her sister and Marianne. He wondered if she was lying, with her bladder that swollen, there should have been nothing but piss on her mind.

“Your bladder looks so big, you must be holding a lot,” Iwan said softly to Katherine as the others started to walk in.

“Oh you don’t know, it gets bigger than this” she replied, it was like a fantasy come true. A girl who seemed to be at her utmost capacity claimed to be able to hold more than what her bladder was already containing.

It seemed like her bladder had the walls of steel. Iwan could only imagine how she must feel to have liters of piss inside her bladder as she walked. Dear Lord, how has she been holding all that? Iwan wondered. Even Isabelle and Marianne had prominent bulges now, peeking over their dresses. It looked like all three of them were hiding pumpkins in their abdomens.

The King knew these ladies were definitely going to unload gallons of piss later that day. But both Iwan and Edgar were surprised that not even one of them was looking desperate yet. But soon His Highness noticed Katherine rubbing her stomach under the table, another sign that she was feeling the strain of her now full bladder.

They asked for beers and heathen cakes which were made of ground beef, onion, celery, carrotin stock pot, salt, herbs and eggs. The meat was fork tender, soft and shred. Bacon cooked crisp. With diced æppel cooked in bacon fat. It was a delicious meal. While they had their lunch, Iwan couldn’t help but think about just how much Katherine, Isabelle, and Marianne had drunk earlier and the fact that they hadn’t had a chance to empty themselves yet. It told of their superior holding capability. He was really excited to know how much longer they could last. They ended their meal with a cup of Chardquynce, a quince custard, the taste of its fruit was almost made fizzy by the ginger.

By when they were done, Isabelle had drunk down a few mugs of good beer and so had Marianne and Katherine. Edgar slightly peeped down the table to see if any of the girls were crossing their legs just in case they had started to feel desperate, alas that didn’t seem to be the case. All three of them conveyed a relaxed demeanor like they weren’t the ones holding back rivers of piss.

The King was trying to keep his excitement hidden as they all talked and laughed.

When they were done, the men went out and relieved themselves behind the bushes before they readied their horses to leave, while the girls waited patiently under the tree as their bladders continued to swell further. They rode until they emerged from beneath the trees and found themselves upon a stretch of grasslands, and they made a halt when a herd of deer came into sight.

The cheetahs were readied for the hunt. Tansy’s master removed the hood from her eyes before setting her free. She pierced through the tall, green, grass after a deer that made her run quite a long distance, but alas she couldn’t catch it. The man lifted the unsuccessful cheetah back to the cart and they moved on.

Katherine, Isabelle, and Marianne continued to drink from their skins of water all this while and managed to empty them before long. The combination of beer and all the water seemed to be particularly potent, and the girls felt their need to piss increasing almost by the minute.

King Iwan and Edgar were about to go insane trying to control their excitement, but they managed to look unaware of the situation of the girls’ swelling bladders.

The veneur led the way to the saddle and then down eastward on the northern slope of the mountains that opened at the foot to a small grassy plain that had a few deer grazing on it. The deer were not afraid of the horse carts, and the hunters managed to approach close by them. Neckbreaker’s master removed the hood from its eyes. The cheetah jumped off the cart and started his run slowly. But soon it ran across the grass as if a bird sailing through the skies, smooth and fast, trailing the frightened deer closely behind. It didn’t take long for him to finish his work and the men loaded the carcass onto the cart. King George too managed to take down a deer and the party decided to start back for the castle with two fresh kills.

But before beginning their journey back home, they decided to halt for a while to give their sore backs some rest. As he stood under a tree, Katherine came up to King Iwan and said, “My sweet King, one of my friends lives in the woods nearby, he served as a blacksmith under my Lord grandfather at Tantallon when I was little, if I may request, I want to visit him before we ride back to the city,” she said.

“Oh, but why must we visit him now, my Lady?” Iwan asked.

“Well, he might have a chamber pot that I could use” Katherine said, “You know, I really need to take a piss, and I am sure Marianne needs to go too. I am in no doubt my sister must be bursting by now, but she is a bit too proud to admit when she needs to piss. The city is a long way from here, and I was thinking of emptying myself before we head back.”

Iwan’s eyes widened on hearing this, he imagined the drinks might have really hit her bladder for Katherine to admit that she needed to use the chamber pot. Though he didn’t want the girls to have a chance to relieve themselves yet, he could find no reason to stop them from visiting their friend in the woods.

When Katherine went back to her sister and friend, who themselves were nursing very full bladders now, Iwan went to Edgar, “Well I think the tanks have filled up and the girls are looking to empty them.”

“I wish they held on longer,” Edgar said excited and disappointed at the same time.

“I know” Iwan agreed before they went to their horses. They rode for a few miles and soon Isabelle began to complain. The saddle was rubbing her raw inside her legs, she told them, and her arse was sore, and besides, she had to take a long piss. “I’m so tired I’m going to fall off the horse.”

“We’ll stop soon to rest, my Lady” Edgar assured her.

They rode very quietly until they were deep inside the forest till they came to a very solemn place among rocks and fir trees where the leaves and branches wove a canopy over their heads. There they stopped before a huge redwood tree that had a door and two little windows on its trunk. They all climbed off their horses and King Iwan could feel the ground shake under his feet as if someone was hammering down below. Edgar went and knocked on the wooden door and then they all stood waiting for the door to be answered.

Open up. Katherine looked eagerly at the door, rubbing her thighs together as she stood with hands crossed under her breasts. I am waiting to take a piss!

After a long pause, the door was opened by someone or something inside, and a good deal of heat and steam came out of it and he stepped out. He was a small bearded man, with a plump round nose and a happy smile on his face and Iwan knew him at once for a real Dwarf, ancient Dwarf with not a drop of human blood in his veins. And Iwan’s joy knew no bounds.

“Oh, what a great surprise, Lady Katherine... Lady Isabelle!” said the Dwarf, “Such a delight to have you both here!”

“We are glad to see you as well, Mord…” Katherine answered with a smile that looked strained.

The Dwarf invited the whole party to come down. They all found themselves descending a dark stairway into the earth, but when they came to the bottom they saw firelight. It was the light of a furnace. The whole place was a smithy. A subterranean stream ran past on one side of it. Two Dwarfs were at the bellows, another was holding a piece of red-hot metal on the anvil with a pair of tongs, a fourth was hammering it, and two, wiping their rough little hands on a greasy cloth, were coming forward to meet the visitors.

They were all happy to meet Iwan and they all cried, "Long live the King," and their gifts were noble - mail shirts and helmets and swords for His Highness and Edgar, and finely crafted daggers for the ladies. The workmanship of the arms was far finer than any the King had ever seen, and he gladly accepted the Dwarf-made sword which made his own sword look, in comparison, as feeble as a toy and as clumsy as a stick.

They stood talking and laughing and just when Katherine was going to take Mord aside to ask for a room and a chamberpot, the Dwarf requested his guests to join them for a drink. The girls, not wanting to put undue pressure on their bladders refused at first but then agreed, not wanting to upset their hosts. They all sat around the large table and two of the Dwarf brothers drew huge mugs of beer for everyone from a barrel which stood in one corner of the house.

Katherine, Isabelle and Marianne looked at each other. They had needed to take a piss for hours now and the last thing they wanted was more liquid heading for their already tremendously swollen bladders. But they drank quietly, mug after mug that was offered to them. Their bladders would just have to stretch a little more.

As they sat on the table, Iwan could see Isabelle wiggling her legs and caressing her bladder. Edgar glanced at Marianne, who was sitting with her legs crossed. She too was looking desperate now, longing to relieve herself anywhere she could find a little privacy. Also Katherine, who had been putting up a tough demeanor all this while was beginning to fidget a little, but she didn’t seem to be as desperate as the other two girls.

Marianne who was coping with the ever-increasing fullness in her bladder, looked at Katherine who in turn looked at her sister, Isabelle. The three girls made eye contact with each other and each knew they had to look for an opening to ask one of the Dwarves for a chamberpot and some privacy. They were not going to miss any opportunity to relieve their very swollen bladders.

And at last, when Mord went to the kitchen to get something, Katherine stood up and followed him, “My friend, I need to ask for a favor from you,” Katherine began to say in a low voice, holding her butt with both her hands as she stood, “The reason why we stopped here was because Isabelle, Marianne and I need to use your chamber pot. We really need to…”

“Well, that can wait! Before that; we must take the King to the Whistling Woods” he said, “There lives my friend who would be glad to meet His Highness! “

Katherine thought that was really rude but she did not utter a word in protest.

“Alright, if you insist, let’s visit your friend first” she stated, “But let’s get back soon, my bladder is bursting!”

Katherine was obviously worried about when and they’d get back so she could use the chamber pot, but chose not to show her concern. When she told the other two girls of their plan to visit the Whistling Woods first, they both couldn’t help but grimace and let out pained moans that no one else heard. Their need to take a piss was growing severely and it would not have been long before their bladders filled up to their utmost capacities.

The girls came out of the burrow and upon the ground, under the shade of the trees and climbed their horses, still containing their gigantically full bladders. Iwan and Edgar were the happiest boys in the Kingdoms now, getting to see these beautiful ladies putting off their need to piss for so long.

Leaving the hunters behind to take care of the cheetahs, hounds and their kills, they all rode into the dense forest of pine and spruce. The horses set the pace, slow but steady, as did the donkeys that Mord and his Dwarf brothers rode upon. The ascent was easier than they had dared hope. The trees pressed close, leaning over the path to make a rustling green roof that shut out the light of the late afternoon, so it seemed as though they were moving up a long black tunnel. They plodded upward, winding their way back and forth across the face of the mountain as the path before them twisted and turned. A thick layer of fallen needles carpeted the path, so the shoes of their horses made only the softest sound on the ground.

Soon the ascent seemed to have become more treacherous than before. The trail was steeper, the more slippery, and here and there littered with thorns and broken stone. Mord and his brothers had to dismount a half-dozen times to move fallen rocks from their path. “You don’t want your horse to break a leg up here,” Mord said.

The girls were getting annoyed and restless, their bladders were aching and this ride was testing their patience. They rode on for a little while longer after which Mord declared, “Beyond this, the path is too steep even for the donkeys and horses. We must ascend on foot the rest of the way.”

The girls were not happy to hear this. They were not ready to walk while holding onto such heavily full bladders but there wasn’t much they could do. They all dismounted and tied their mounts to the trees nearby. They went up the mountain and as they came lower down, the mountains opened out into a great glen or wooded gorge with a swift river running at the bottom that reminded the girls of their own rivers of piss that they had been holding for so long. The open places near the river's edge were a mass of foxgloves and wild roses and the air was buzzing with bees.

Here Mord called, "Bastian! Bastian!" and after a pause, they all heard the sound of hoofs. It grew louder till the valley trembled and at last, breaking and trampling the thickets, there came in sight the noblest creatures that Iwan had yet seen, the great Centaur Bastian and his three sons. He wore a Trojan helmet, his flanks were glossy chestnut and the beard that covered his broad chest was golden red. He was a prophet and a star-gazer and knew who stood before him.

"Long live the King," he bowed. "I and my sons are here to serve you, Your Highness.”

"I am pleased to meet you, my friend” Iwan smiled back.

Bastian invited them for a meal and they ate such food as the centaurs provided, cakes of oaten meal, and apples, and herbs, and barley water, and cheese. The centaurs offered them wooden skewers of charred meat and onions still hot from the spit. Iwan had not realized how hungry he was. He ate standing under a tree. The hot juices ran down his chin and dripped onto his doublet, but he was too famished to care.

Bastian’s sons kept pouring the barley water into the mugs and the girls drank all that they could! Though they were worried about what would happen when it all got into their bladders.

Marianne’s bladder was aching incredibly by now and she wished to get back to the Dwarves’ burrow as soon as she could. She stood pressing, crossing and uncrossing her legs under the tree.

“I think we should be heading back, I’m dying for a piss,” Isabelle told Marianne in her soft voice when they were all done eating and drinking.

“Yes, I too have to go” Marianne added, pressing her thighs, “I’ll be squatting for ages over the chamberpot taking a wee.”

Katherine, who herself was coping with an enormously swollen bladder agreed that they must get back to the burrow as soon as they could. Hence she turned towards the King and said, “We must start back before it begins to turn dark, Your Highness, the city is a long way from here,” and Iwan nodded.

His Highness then thanked the centaurs for their hospitality before he asked for their leave and they started to walk back to the place where they had tied their horses, the girls now wanting to piss more than ever as all the barley water started to make its way into their bladders.

As they walked, Iwan and Edgar could see the girls’ bladders protruding out of their clothes massively. The volumes inside their vessels had increased incredibly.

Edgar noticed that Marianne looked distressed now. Her bladder had expanded to great measures and it looked as if it was sticking out eight inches. She was walking much stiffer than before, maybe because the pressure was getting a bit too much to be kept contained any longer.

“Are you desperate?” Edgar whispered, making sure no one else could hear them.

“I can’t wait to piss” she answered, wrapping her hands under her ample breasts and rubbing her upper arms. Edgar was glad this beautiful girl was talking so openly about her condition. Isabelle, who was also nursing a big bulge, was looking a bit distressed, starting to grow desperate after holding so much. On the other hand, Katherine looked as if she was in a better position than the other two girls. She wasn’t showing any acute signs of desperation, while in truth she had the fullest bladder and her stomach looked way more swollen than Marianne’s. Katherine had learned very well how to hide her desperation behind her straight face during her years of training. She was going to marry the King, and as the future Queen of the Kingdoms, Katherine knew she must maintain her composure at all times.

The girls somehow walked back while holding their precariously full bladders and Iwan and Edgar were in paradise, what else could they have wished for?

They reached the place where their horses awaited them and everyone climbed atop their mounts, a task that strained the girls’ full bladders, and they began the long ride back to the Dwarves’ burrow that made the girls even more desperate for the chamber pots.

They all reached the burrow after a slow and tiring ride and the girls were ready to take massive pisses once they got inside but just as they were ready to dismount, Mord cried out, “Oh no!” he held his head, “I completely forgot, my cousin Patrick in the Whittlewood Forest called us over for supper tonight!”

“Really?” said one of his brothers, “Why didn’t you tell us before?”

“As I said, it totally skipped my mind!” Mord said angrily.

“Well he lives a few miles from here, if we start now we can make it on time!” said another of them.

“Yes-yes!” Mord nodded, “Now, let’s get going before it is too late!”

“Well, before you go, could you please let us in for a few minutes, we have some really urgent business that we need to take care of inside” Marianne requested, pressing her crotch on the saddle.

“Well I am afraid, my Lady, but we cannot wait any longer!” Mord said, “It is ill manners to be late. And also, if we don’t reach before nightfall, he might think we are not coming and may go off to sleep! He takes the bed early you know.”

“B-but..” Isabelle began to say, she had been so sure that she’d get to take a long relieving piss once they got back to the burrow, but she was cut off by Iwan, “Well we need to get back to the city as well, and we must start now if we hope to reach before it turns too dark” His Highness said and they all agreed.

Katherine, who had been patiently holding on for so long for a chance to piss, felt anger surging through her veins. She wanted to command the Dwarf to open the door at once so she could get inside and relieve herself but knew that would be unbecoming of a lady and moreover, she did not want to come across as desperate for a piss, hence she decided to remain silent and endure the agony. The three girls, frustrated and angry at not getting to have the relief they had been waiting for so long, decided to head back to Boḫārā.

The Dwarves waved their goodbyes then to His Highness and the others before riding off on their donkeys to the Whittlewood Forest, and the hunting party started back for the city.

Marianne had really wanted to empty her bladder first before starting her ride back for the city but she did not get a chance to do so. Isabelle too, who had been stopping her piss for so long, felt like she would hit someone, but there was nothing she could do. Hence, defeated, the girls kept quiet and rode on.

As they rode, both the boys realized that the girls’ bladders hard grown really swollen. But they were showcasing such control, it made Iwan and Edgar think if they had actually blocked their holes to make it physically impossible to piss.

Iwan looked at the girls who sat atop their horses with stomachs big as pumpkins. He wondered what kind of pressure there must be inside each of their inflated bladders. He was confused about how Katherine’s bulge seemed to be bigger than Isabelle and Marianne’s when they all had almost the same amount to drink. Little did he know that Katherine was the one who had the most to drink that day. After she had got up that morning, she had drunk a copious amount of water and tea before leaving. She had certainly impressed them with her calm and composed demeanor even while needing to piss so much but she was now troubled by her need as well. Her bladder had expanded incredibly, making it look like she had a cauldron under her dress.

The dusk was beginning to set and the weather was getting rather cold too. The girls sat with their crotches pressed against the saddle of their horses. Only an hour into the ride back home, their bladders were aching extremely and none of them had said a word about needing to take a piss all this while.

All three of them were finding it difficult to keep riding as all their strength was being consumed in keeping their bladders shut. The cold weather wasn’t helping either, the girls were facing a much greater pressure in their bladders than before, but none of them was willing to stop and take a leak behind the bushes just because it was a matter of pride.

There still was a good long ride left before they reached the city, hence King Iwan and Edgar were sure they would get to witness some serious desperation.

The girls tried to calm down their throbbing tanks. They needed to piss like horses. For the first time, Iwan saw Katherine squirming on her saddle and massaging her swollen bladder, she was getting really desperate.

The city was still far away. Isabelle was giving her crotch good squeezes from time to time when she was sure no one was looking at her. The three of them were climbing the ropes and it wouldn’t have been long before their bladders exploded.

The ladies seemed to be at the same level of desperation, but it was Marianne whose bladder was filling up the fastest. She was stealing herself from asking everyone to stop so she could go into the bushes to piss because she did not want to be seen as a lady who could not control her urges. It would have brought her an embarrassment like no other.

Katherine could now feel her bladder walls stretching to make space for all the beer streaming inside it. Her dress concealed her bulge to a great extent but still, her mammoth full bladder was visible to everyone.

Isabelle was now getting nervous. Each step the horse took sent the urine waves crashing inside her bladder, the mammoth river of piss she had been holding back for so long was now getting really difficult to control. She squeezed her crotch onto the saddle, taking spars breaths trying to control the impending flood without letting anyone know that she really really needed to take a piss.

Just then, Iwan heard a branch crack before he heard two twangs of bowstrings, and suddenly the two leading guards fell to the ground, dead. The girls screamed as a dozen men dashed onto the way from the surrounding forest, wearing Lincoln green hosen and tunic.

The rear guards drew their swords, but they were dispatched by two more archers hidden within the trees. The hunters jumped from the carts, pulling out their dirks as the brigands closed on them. The hounds started to bark as the butchery began and Lark unleashed them quickly.

Iwan jumped off his horse and dashed in with Griffin’s Claw, his family’s ancient sword as the hounds tore into the brigands and the hunters tried to fight them.

He had only taken out one of them when the King suddenly heard the girls shriek as the brigands tried to pull them from their horses. He screamed in fury, walking to towards the girls to save them, cutting every brigand down who came in his way, but there were simply too many of them. The sound ripped through the air as he swung his sword upon the charging brigand to bury it in his shoulder. He kicked his body to free his sword. The other men quickly surrounded him, and he engaged them. Five men were at him at once and the King stood tightly holding the handle of his sword and then he whirled like a raging storm. The steel rang upon the swords and lances and pikes the men had carried. The King gave another ferocious scream and kicked a man whose lance he broke with his blade and brought it crashing down with all his strength to the man’s head, splitting it in half.

He turned and swung his blade, one of the men blocked the cut easily... but his pike snapped in two, and the King’s cold steel plowed into the man’s flesh where his shoulder joined his neck and clove him clean down to the breastbone. The blood came rushing out in a hot black gush and he fell down dead. Another man’s pike almost went through his eye, but Iwan dodged him and buried his sword in his belly and cut his neck. It was a scene of murder all of a sudden. He was bleeding from his upper arm by when he took all the five out. He looked around; the girls were gone, dragged into the forest by unknown men. The bodies of his men and the brigands lied around, dead or dying, and so did the hounds’. Most of the horses had panicked at the sight of blood and ran away.

Iwan saw that Edgar was engaged with two of brigands and the King went quickly to dispatch one from the back as Edgar killed off the other. But just then another one came, he was a huge man, twice as big as the King, but Iwan did not back down.

Griffin’s Claw leaped up to meet the big man’s cold sword. Steel rang on steel. No sooner was his first slash blocked than the big man made another, but this time too Iwan blocked his attack. Hard and fast the cuts came, from low and high, from the right and left and each one Iwan blocked.

The King then attacked with all his might, driving the bigger man back on his heels. The brigand dodged a cut at his head. His Highness gave him no respite. The swords clashed and sprang apart and clashed again, as Griffin’s Claw kissed the giant man’s sword, once and twice and thrice. But the big man charged, swinging the heavy sword harder and harder, trying to smash the King down with brute force, to break blade or arm.

He then brought his blade down with all his might and Iwan tried to block him once more but to his shock, the heavy blade broke Griffin’s Claw into two as the King narrowly escaped death’s way.

He quickly pulled out the sword the Dwarves had given him as he tried to find his feet. Iwan stood and blocked the man’s cut from above and without losing a moment, and began to drive him back, and when he found a little opening he drove the sword into the big man’s belly.

The man’s knees folded slowly, as if for prayer. When his mouth opened only blood came out and the King removed his sword as he and Edgar quickly ran for the trees as the big man toppled face forward. The dirt drank his blood.

Both of them ran deep through the trees into the forest. Every few steps they turned to look behind them until eventually, the brigands were nowhere to be seen. Finally, they stopped to catch their breath.

“Who were they?” the King asked as he panted heavily, his breath short.

“The Guards…” Edgar said as he bent double to hold his knees, “The Guards of Ravenswood..”

It was well known that there were more than two hundred outlawed yeomen living in the Ravenswood Forest. They had been robbing the rich merchants, noblemen and fat churchmen that passed through these woods. They called it "The Ravenswood Tax." All the rich travelers who passed through Ravenswood Forest paid “The Tax.” Lord Thames Gardener had sent an army of his soldiers to Ravenswood to capture these outlaws. But the outlaws had been in the trees. They knew the forest well. They killed all the soldiers except one.

His Highness was now worried, “We have to capture one of them and figure out where they've taken the girls” he turned and began to head back towards the road.

“Aye, my King, but first we must patch you up” Edgar said, “The wound is deep on your arm.” Iwan did not argue. His breaths were short and he felt worn out. He turned and sat down with his back against a tree. Edgar tore a piece of clothing from his tunic, “My King if you would permit me” the King nodded and Edgar tied it around his hand to stop the bleeding.

“These brigands are well-known around these parts. They make a habit of capturing nobles and ransoming them for gold, although they’ve never been bold enough to target the noble family of Tantallon” Edgar told His Highness.

“We must find the girls before something happens to them,” Iwan said as he tried to stand up but Edgar stopped him.

“You need to rest for a while, my King,” he said, “We don't need to fear for the girls’ immediate safety, these brigands have no history of killing or harming their captives. We must rest ourselves if we want the strength to fight these men. We will move when night falls.”

Iwan nodded reluctantly as he leaned his head back on the tree and tried to get some sleep, exhausted from the hunt and fleeing from the brigands.

He awoke in a few hours to Edgar gently shaking his shoulder. It was absolutely dark now and they could rely only on the moonlight to show them their way. There lived dangerous beasts in these woods. Beasts that could see much better in the night than men, beasts that could easily make a prey of them, but King Iwan and Edgar knew they had no choice. They had to reach the girls before something terrible happened to them.

Far away, inside the dark cell of a dungeon only lit up by a torch on the wall outside of the jail, Marianne’s lower lip trembled as she stood with her hands crossed under her ample breasts as she fought the immense pressure to urinate. She slightly crossed her legs and gasped, barely containing herself through the wave of urgency.

Katherine and Isabelle’s bladders had swollen extremely as well, the belts compressing their bladders. Many hours had passed since the brigands had attacked them and by now the girls’ urine tanks were swollen limitlessly, each one of them aching to release the rivers of piss.

“Where do you think we are?” Katherine asked as she pressed her thick thighs together to keep the pressure under control. The men had hooded them and tied their hands with ropes before bringing them here, only to be untied upon reaching this cell.

“I don’t know, but I am dying for a piss” Isabelle crossed her legs.

Katherine could not stop herself from crossing her legs tightly, “Aahh” she let out a pained moan, “I really need to go too!”

“I don’t know what I am going to do,” Isabelle said, worried. She was getting really desperate and knew that she would not be able to keep stopping her piss forever, losing control was inevitable sooner or later.

“We must keep holding, a proper lady always knows how to suppress her needs” Katherine crossed her legs, “We must keep in control..”

“I… I cannot keep in control…, my bladder is going to burst! I am simply going to soak my dress” Isabelle crossed her legs and held the wall for support as she bent on her knees.

They were suddenly interrupted by heavy footsteps echoing through the hallway outside the prison door. A big man dressed in the Lincoln green dress of the brigands unlocked the steel door and entered their cell. He was followed by his leader who was named Brom, he was tall and had a massive belly, and a red beard and he was armored with heavy ringmail taken from a dead ranger from Tantallon. He stared at the girls inquisitively.

“What a sight to have Thames Gardener’s daughters with us,” he said in a gruff, deep voice. The girls stayed silent. The brigands had already taken away their jewelry and all the gold they had with them. But they wanted more.

“We’ll ransom you for gold and weapons and horses” he smiled as he walked towards Marianne and held her, his face close to her cheek. She reeled away in disgust but he caught hold of her and moved a hand over her belly and the girl moaned in pain. It was then that he noticed the massive bulge in her stomach. He looked at Katherine and Isabelle and realized all the girls had very swollen bladders. He grinned evilly at the girls. “HEY, GET OVER HERE, EVERYONE!” he shouted. Soon more footsteps approached, and five men joined them in the cell. “I think these girls need to piss, wouldn't you think?” he laughed. The other men joined in his laughter. “I feel like it would be amusing to watch them humiliate themselves.” He pressed on Marianne’s bladder. “How long do you think you can wait, eh?”

“Don’t you dare touch her!” Katherine growled.

“Oh, what will you do if I did, my Lady? Will you hang me?” the man said, walking up to her slowly, “You were hunting in the outlawed woods, you entered our lands and now you must pay for your deed,” he said.

“These lands belong to our family, to the crown, and to the King” Katherine lashed out, “Not to you thieves!”

“Ravenswood knows no King, we are free folk and we do as we will,” Brom said, “You will be kept here until your father pays for your ransom.”

“Well if you must keep us here then I demand to have chamberpots,” Katherine said, clenching her fists on her sides.

“Well, you must be dying for the pots, don’t you?” he said, “Unfortunately, we don’t have any. So, you’ll have to stand here and wait till you can’t any longer.” The men laughed. It was a laugh that brought tears to the girls’ eyes. The ladies knew that the big man with the red beard was right, they would not be able to hold it much longer but they were determined not to give up without a fight.

“Well, I'll be back soon to see your mess, ladies,” he said as he reached the door.

“That you won’t get to see because you all will be dead come morning,” Katherine said aloud as she forced herself to stand straight with her legs wide apart, her bladder extremely swollen and aching, “My father’s men will come looking for us. You think you’re safe inside this rubble of rocks you call a castle, but you’re not! Our men will find you! See what happens when they get here. Now leave us be, and await our army as they tear this castle to the ground.” Her words worked as she had intended. Fearful expressions spread over the men’s faces as she spoke, and on her last word each and every one of them stumbled backward from the room before they hurriedly locked the door and left.

Now that they were alone, Isabelle finally spoke, “That was a clever plan, but we all well know there is no army on its way. And even if it was, there is no way I can hold it till they get here, I really need to take a piss, Katherine.”

When she heard this, Marianne’s eyes started to well up. Not out of fear or pain, but from the insult of knowing that she would soon burst, giving her captors the satisfaction of seeing her humiliating accident. She was really desperate and wanted to piss torrents urgently but all she could do was cross her legs tighter to control her urge, it only did little to help though.

“You needn't worry,” Katherine told both the girls. “These men will be not but corpses before the sun shows itself in the sky. King Iwan and Edgar escaped their attack, and I am certain they’ll come to save us before it is too late.”

The brigand fell to the leaf covered floor of the dark forest from the blow of Edgar’s fist as his pike fell aside. Then the King drew his dagger and held it at the brigand’s throat. He cried out in fear as Iwan lifted him off the ground by his baldric and slammed him violently against the trunk of a tall evergreen. His Highness leaned in, his face no further than an inch from the brigand's.

“WHERE ARE THEY!?” He roared, smashing the brigand into the tree once more.

“Fuck off,” he spat, fruitlessly struggling against the King's iron grip.

Iwan stepped back and then punched him right in the face to send his teeth flying out. The brigand fell to the ground and was met by another boot crashing down onto his face. Iwan pulled him to his feet, and asked again: “WHERE ARE THEY, WHERE ARE YOUR MEN KEEPING THE GIRLS!?”

“They...they...are at,” he mumbled, close to falling unconscious. Iwan slapped him right across the face, shocking him awake, and then tossed him back to the ground, placing the edge of his sword along the brigand's throat. With wooly eyes, he said, “We're holding them in the Chillingham Castle-”

“How many of you are there in the castle?” Iwan asked him.

“Th- there's another score of us, but-” And the King cut his throat. He lay gurgling for a moment and then laid back, dead. Iwan and Edgar started walking; they walked through the forest for another good hour, and finally came back to the road they were traveling on. “Your Highness, should we not get to the city and muster a force?” Edgar asked.

“No, we do not have the time for that,” Iwan said, “We must sneak in and rescue them quietly.”

“Very well. Chillingham is a few hours from here, to the west. I know these forests,” Edgar said.

Iwan nodded and so they began to walk through the woods, stopping once to refill their canteen by the river. After nearly three hours of slowly finding the way through the forest, they saw the stone turret of the abandoned castle.

Iwan and Edgar walked closer as stealthily as they could and looked up from the cover of the trees. Three guards were stationed on three sides of the round tower. One of them glimpsed shadows in the trees and loosed a shaft. Edgar quickly moved aside and the arrow tore into the tree next to him. His life saved by a matter of moments.

The guard looked on.

“What? Did you see something?” asked another one of them.

“It was a fox or something” he answered, “Makes no matter, looks like it is gone.”

Iwan and Edgar breathed heavily behind the trees, “We need to get in without being noticed” Iwan told Edgar.

“But how?” Edgar asked, “They’ll see us.”

“We’ll go around the wall through the trees” the King answered, “We’ll try to sneak in through the other side. Come on,” he said and Edgar followed.

Inside the castle, Marianne felt as if her piss hole was being battered by a ram, so many times had it almost opened and she had to squeeze it back shut, she was worried thinking of when her reserves of strength would go out. All three of them looked with child, holding on to their extremely full bladders, fighting off so much pressure that none of them was even able to think straight.

“I cannot begin to tell you how much I need to piss” Katherine sighed as she closed her eyes and held her forehead for a moment in a semblance of trying to control her urge.

Isabelle too, who was now walking back and forth feeling the pressure increase almost by the minute, said, “It is becoming really urgent,” her bladder was getting out of hand, she had already let out a few drops into her smallclothes, and was beginning to panic.

Katherine couldn’t have agreed more to her sister’s words. All the liquid she had consumed had stretched her own bladder to the absolute limit possible. She had to piss so much, it was taking her entire life force to keep herself from losing it right there.

“Hurry,” she let out a labored breathe thinking of her King Iwan as she stood in a defiant position with her legs wide apart, her bursting bladder swollen to the point of exploding, as she hoped he would come to rescue them before it was too late.

Slinking through the trees with the nimbleness of a cat, the King and Edgar went around. And when they were sure that there were no guards on this side of the castle, they quickly moved and pressed themselves against the stone wall surrounding the castle. They hauled themselves over the wall and climbed down to the other side as quietly as they could. They knew if they made any sound, they’d be dead.

They stayed in the shadow of the curtain wall whenever they could, so the sentries walking their rounds on the ramparts could not see them. It was a chill dank night. Clouds were blowing in from the west, hiding the stars, and the towers screamed mournfully at every gust of wind. No one saw them, and they saw no one, only a grey and white cat creeping along atop wall.

They walked along the wall and then stopped. From where they hid, they could see the postern gate, a narrow door of stout oak studded with iron nails, set in an angle of the wall beneath a defensive tower. They saw that only one man was set to guard it, but they knew there would be sentries up in that tower as well, and others nearby walking the walls. Whatever happened, they knew they must be quiet like shadows. He must not call out.

When the guard turned to get his skin of water, Edgar quickly snuck behind him to cut his throat. The man’s blood covered her hands in a hot gush and he tried to shout but there was blood in his mouth as well.

When he stopped moving, they quietly lifted the bar, set it aside, and pulled open the heavy oak door. Outside the walls of Chillingham, a wolf howled long and loud.

Iwan and Edgar quietly circled around the stone buildings, making sure no one saw them. The King peeked into every door, finding another storehouse, a brewery, a bakehouse, an empty armory, and what appeared to be a chapel. The majority of the fortress was underground. Chillingham had begun as a mine. After building curtain walls to guard the entrance with two stout towers, the Lords of the castle had constructed keeps and halls and other buildings of their necessity. But as the gold and silver dried up, the mine below was widened and converted into halls, galleries, bedchambers, and a vast underground ballroom. The castle was as much below the ground as it was above. But it was deserted when its Lord was killed in a siege over a century ago and years later the brigands began to use it as their hideout.

Finally, Iwan and Edgar came to the last door, which was locked. Edgar took out a thin piece of metal from his belt and worked the lock. There was a soft click and then the door opened. They both slid into the building, their swords held at the ready. There was a table and three empty chairs, a burned out firepit, and plates of food with nothing but crumbs and oil left on them. The room smelled of smoke; the fire had been recently lit. There was another door at the back of the room. Edgar opened it as quietly as he could and went in, and Iwan followed. The door led into a short, confined hallway which transferred to a stone staircase a few meters away. They went down the steps until they came to the bottom where the light from a dimly lit lamp welcomed them.

There they found the gaoler who was a balding little man with broken veins in his nose. He was bent over a tankard of ale and the remains of an apple pie, more than a little drunk, “Hey! Who are you?” he tried to stand up but Edgar took him out before he could make any more noise.

Iwan took the keys that were chained to the gaoler’s studded leather belt that girdled his waist. It was a bunch of them and he couldn’t make which one would unlock the door. He sorted through them until he found the one that fit the door to the dungeon.

The oil lamp hung from a hook on the low ceiling. Edgar took it down and turned up the flame.

Iwan shouldered aside the heavy wood-and-iron door and stepped into the darkness. Old straw crackled underfoot. The walls were discolored with patches of nitre. Through the stone, they could hear the faint rush of the river flowing above. There were more stairs. Down and down they went, finally reaching a steel door set in the cold stone walls. Iwan pushed, and it thankfully creaked open. They stepped through but were welcomed by two men.

“Hey, who the fuck are you?!” asked one of them as they both stood up from their wooden stools. Iwan and Edgar lurched into action and so did the two brigands. One of the men brought his axe crashing down on the King but His Highness blocked it somehow. A bloody fight ensued. Blow after blow after blow came upon Iwan but he blocked them all until the man swung his left hand and his fist caught Iwan right across the face.

The King landed with a throbbing impact that completely shook his skull. Pain stabbed through him, so sharp he sobbed. He thought his head would explode. For a moment it was all he could do to lie there. The taste of blood filled his mouth. He knew he had to find his feet again, or die.

Groaning, he forced himself to hands and knees. He could not breathe, nor could he see. Where he found the strength he did not know, but he found it. He picked up his sword as he rose and drove it deep into the man’s belly as he came to get him.

Edgar and the other brigand were slashing at each other. Steel ringing on steel. Edgar was taking three blows for every one he landed, and Iwan could see that it would be over soon if he did not intervene. The man’s back was towards him and Iwan went quickly to slit his throat from behind with utmost precision.

The King lowered his sword but then he heard thundering footsteps throughout the nearby halls, as four, six, eight, ten more men surrounded them. The one whom Iwan guessed was their leader, with a red beard, and was armored with heavy ringmail said, “First the girls, and now the King. This is a blessed day for us indeed.”

Iwan gripped his sword tightly in both hands but kept it lowered at his side. The brigands grinned smugly, “Drop the blades. You’re outnumbered and outmatched. Come quietly and we will let you live.”

Iwan looked on for a moment before his eyes met Edgar’s and they both started. Their swords rose together and the men leapt forward. Edgar’s first foe was a spearman whose thrusts kept him at bay for a time, but once Edgar slipped inside the spear with his sword, only butchery remained. He killed the man quickly and swung his sword at the next.

His Highness himself moved like a poem on two feet. He managed to drive his sword into a man’s belly, and as he stumbled to his knees, Iwan put a hand around his head and opened his throat from ear to ear in one swift motion.

Edgar drove his sword through another one’s back before pulling it out and slashing across the neck of another.

Iwan had taken out another three of them but got caught with a kick, forcing the sword from his hand. He ducked a sweep of a sword, lunging upwards and grasping the handle of the longsword, and kicked the man with his knee in his stomach, forcing the weapon from his grip. Iwan took his throat with it as the brigand fell to his knees, before and turning to take down another one who came upon him from the back. The King fell down blocking his attack from behind. He rolled into the big man’s legs, and threw his arm around the man’s thigh, dragging him cursing onto the floor, and rolled on top of him. His Highness brought his fist down on the man’s face, again and again, and again, until he was dead.

The remaining four looked on in horror. Iwan dispatched one of them as he lunged towards him and Edgar took out another. The last two men were killed before they could even think of running away.

Iwan and Edgar leaned against the wall catching their breath. “We do not have time to waste, we must find the girls and escape before more of their men come for us,” Iwan said and Edgar nodded and they quickly made their way.

“I don't see how we'll ever find the girls in this maze without calling out to them,” there were so many doors of splintered wood, they did not know which one held the girls, “LADY KATHERINE!” Iwan roared, to no response. They kept walking and calling, and finally; “My King?” Came a very faint voice from far ahead. They sprinted through the hallway, coming to a stop before a thick wooden door. Iwan kicked the door, it shook but held. He kicked again, and it crashed open and they walked through, weapons raised. The room was empty, a long, damp chamber with iron-barred cells on either side. A torch was lit outside the cell. Iwan stopped in front of it and Katherine couldn’t control her relief and tears, and the words came tumbling out, “Oh, my King! Please hurry!”

Katherine, Isabelle, and Marianne had been holding on to their aching and distended bladders with only sheer willpower and nothing else. Their hands were shaking and knees trembling, so badly did they need to take a piss. Katherine had stopped breathing some time ago for she feared that if she took even a single breath her piss would come pouring out. Her patience had run out and her bladder was about to burst.

“Hurry!” Isabelle almost cried letting out a jet of piss into her smallclothe out of happiness and the relief of knowing that soon she would be able to empty her aching bladder but she was panicking, “Let us out of here quickly!”

Edgar hastily undid the lock on the cell door to free them. Isabelle had already made a wet patch on the crotch of her smallclothe as the jail door swung open and the three of them finally stepped out before they all hurriedly started to make their way out.

They rushed until they had finally stepped out of the castle and into the dawn. However, there was no sign of any more enemies waiting for them as they rushed through the forest. They were barely out of the castle’s sight when Katherine suddenly stopped amongst the trees, the clothe of her dress pressed between her thighs, “Well both of you must go on from here, we will join you in a moment.”

The boys stopped and looked questioningly at her. “Well, is everything alright?” Iwan asked concerned.

“Yes, everything is fine, we just need a moment to speak to about something.”

“Can't it wait, my Lady? It would be best if we leave this forest as soon as we can,” Edgar said.

“No, it can't wait.” Katherine said, “Now go, and don’t bother coming back looking for us, we will catch up soon.” Iwan shrugged at Edgar before they turned and walked off. As soon as they were out of sight, Lady Isabelle groaned a long, anguished sound and doubled over, her hand pressed tightly between her legs as she turned towards the bushes. Marianne quickly hobbled to the nearest shrub as well, squeezing her crotch as she did so.

Katherine quickly lifted her dress and started untying the knot of her drawers with her trembling hands, her bladder was about to explode, her piss only a moment away from completely pouring out. Marianne felt she simply could not hold her piss a second longer. She had already started letting out small dribbles into her smallclothe and it felt wet by the time she untied it and slid it down her legs before she took a hurried squat and the piss came pouring out of her, “Ohhh, my Looorrdd!” her eyes closed and breathing eased as she threw her head back in relief.

Isabelle began to hurry when she saw Marianne’s piss gush almost six feet from where she sat in a fierce torrent. Isabelle’s bladder had wanted to empty itself like that for hours now and it was not going to wait any longer. The poor girl started to urinate profusely into her smallclothe as she desperately tried to untie the knot of her drawers with her shivering hands while she knocked her knees in the last ditch effort to stop her violent flow. Her piss felt so hot running down her trembling thighs, tears welled in her eyes and her lower lip trembled, her bladder was absolutely full.

“My God! Why won’t it open!” She cried out as she desperately wrestled with the knot. She managed to stop her flow somehow and just then the string of her drawer came loose, she then quickly pulled the knot of her smallclothe and tore them both down in one lightning-fast motion. She could not even wait until she was fully squatting, and her piss came gushing out just as her knees were just beginning to bend, “Ohhh, my goodness!” she breathed as her shoulders sagged in heavy relief, her head drooped down in defeat. Her torrent was ferocious, arching over eight feet as the poor girl felt the relief of finally emptying her aching bladder. The entire day’s worth of pent-up piss exploded out of her with a force unimaginable, splattering loudly onto the floor of dry leaves. Isabelle moaned, “Ahh…, my goodness,” as the lifesaving relief washed over her.

Only Lady Katherine was left now. She hastily untied the drawer knot and her bladder at last expanded to its real size, finally free of the confines of the tight thread. She hurriedly freed her smallclothe and pulled it down to her knees as she finally took the squat and her piss involuntarily came gushing out. “Oooohhh, , thank goodness!” she threw her head back as her urine gushed ten feet across and she finally breathed, her body resigning itself to the enormous relief at last. I’d been holding that for sooo long.“Oh the pressure!” Her toes curled in relief. She would have never had believed she was capable of weeing with such might. Her stream hissed out of her loudly, a profuse burst of piss like no other. Her bladder had come really close to bursting.

Marianne had been continuously peeing for a minute now, making a gigantic puddle of piss on the forest floor, but the flow still wasn’t under her control. Now she was just peeing, peeing, peeing, like she always did, a long steady stream that she thought would go on forever. Two minutes, and she was still going like there was no end to it. Her stream was unlike anything she had never seen or heard before. The sound of her piss as it splashed on the ground covered with leaves was beyond words. The satisfaction of urinating after this long was so intense, she felt light headed.

Isabelle’s stream of clear urine looked wider and more ferocious than it was before; she shivered in ecstasy as spasms of relief gripped her. How she had managed to drink so much and then hold it for so long was beyond her imagination. The rage of the stream rushing out of her was proof enough that her bladder had filled to its absolute limit. It was her longest piss ever, and with the pressure, she was going with, she knew she had never held this much ever before.

“Aaahhh…” Lady Katherine moaned as she turned her face sideways, her eyes still shut with the unimaginable relief. Her stream went farthest of the three and carried the most volume. For a moment, Isabelle and Marianne managed to equal her torrent in pressure and the distance, which was easily thrice a yard but they could not keep up for much longer. All the girls were now ousting enough urine to fill a sewer.

Lady Isabelle let out a deep sigh as she continued to empty her very strained bladder, “Ahhh, I wanted to go so badly…” three minutes had passed since she had started weeing, and there were no signs of her piss stopping anytime soon. Relief surged through her brain as stress, worry and pressure were replaced by the feelings of the immensely relieving discharge of her hot piss.

The girls were glad to have found some privacy at last so they could relieve themselves but unbeknown to them, they were not alone. Iwan and Edgar had not gone away as they had said. They were secretly watching the girls take a piss from behind the trees. King Iwan watched in shock and awe as the ladies deposited their enormous lakes on the forest floor, gushing out their streams of urine several feet across, their puddles running in rivulets to travel even further.

Both the boys looked on, in total incredulity. They couldn’t believe how much the girls had inside them, how long they had been weeing for. Hard, gushing streams of hot piss pouring out, many liters in total that seemed to have no end.

For Edgar it was a dream come true to witness these beautiful girls take such massive pisses. He was still shocked at the sheer volume and pressure with which the ladies were urinating. Their bladders must be really-really large to contain so much inside. He smiled as he watched the girls’ strong and vicious streams; the immense gushers that looked no less than horse piss!

While the boys enjoyed the spectacle, Ladies Katherine, Isabelle and Marianne thanked the Gods that it was over. Their bladders had stretched to the point of exploding.

God, what relief was Katherine feeling. How she had managed to act so strong and defiant in front of her captors while needing to wee so much was beyond her thoughts. Had King Iwan come a little later, she would have lost control of her bladder.

Marianne sat there, with her head in her hands, just weeing and weeing and weeing. So long she had suffered in silence, but now her splattering stream told how desperate she had been, how much she had been holding herself, controlling herself, in front of all those people who were completely unaware of her plight. The copious amount of piss gushing out of her was proof enough that her bladder was stretched to its absolute limit. She sighed in relief as she continued to release her waters into the forest. Her piss was the manifestation of her fears, her worries, her pride and honor of being a lady, her anger and her fury, all coming out in an uncontrollable gusher, her emotions finally out in the open. Oh, what a massive relief it was!

The boys were amazed to see Isabelle’s stream still going so strong and heavy. She peed for so long, it felt like ages. It was a spectacle that would have been impossible for them to believe had they not seen it for themselves, they could have never imagined someone could piss this much. How someone could walk off while holding so much in their bladder?!

Katherine looked on with beaten eyes at the colossal stream that was pouring out of her with the force of the Almighty, she couldn’t believe how full her bladder was, she hardly had to pee any less even after going for four minutes. If only she could piss faster, she thought, she feared that the boys might come looking for them, but she always took ages when she was really desperate. Even after six minutes, she was still going strong, but finally a minute later, her piss began to slow down, finally stopping after a vicious torrent of seven and a half minutes. How she had managed to hold all of that pressure and piss inside her, she would never know. Katherine sat there, still breathing heavily and staring at the giant puddle she had made several feet away, leaves floating in her piss. Her bladder was still aching, and she was sure that if she remained squatting she would be able to force more spurts of pee out, but she knew she could probably hold it till they reached Tantallon.

By the time all the three girls had finished emptying their bladders, they had covered the forest floor with piss and foam.

Marianne remained to squat out of exhaustion even after she was done. It had been a very close thing for her; she had almost lost it in that cell but managed to hold it in somehow. She always pissed a torrent, but the pressure in her bladder had produced the biggest blast she had ever managed. Her ability to carry around a load this big in her bladder was really amazing.

Katherine sighed in relief as she pulled up her smallclothe and drawer as she stood, tying the knots before letting her pink dress fall back on her legs. Marianne gave a few more quick spurts before finally standing up to pull back her small clothes and drawers before she tied the knot around her deflated bladder that felt so good to be finally empty. Isabelle tried to cover the wet patch on the front of her dress with her hand, Katherine would tease her to no end if she saw this.

Now that their aching bladders were empty, the girls decided to join the boys. As she walked through the woods, Katherine realized that her hands and legs were still shivering, her body still relishing the feeling of her now empty bladder. Oh, she couldn’t even have begun to tell how good it felt now that all the pressure was out. Just a few hours ago, her brain felt blocked to the point of no return needing to pee so badly. But now, all of that was over. She was relieved to the heavens.

They found Iwan and Edgar waiting for them near a great pine tree, “Why did it take so long for you three to catch up?” the King asked, realizing that the big bulges that the girls had been carrying before were now gone.

“Oh, we really had to talk about something,” Katherine said.

“Well that took really long” he continued.

“Yeah, we had a lot to talk” she answered.

The five of them then made their way quietly from there, hoping they wouldn’t encounter any more brigands or wild beasts. Then Edgar stopped and closed his eyes, listening through the trees. “I hear something. Everyone, please remain quiet” he opened his eyes and a smile ran across his face, “I think it's a search party. I hear dogs and horses, and the wheels of a carriage.”

“Yes, I hear them too!” Iwan said and they all began moving quickly towards their rescue.

$$

$$

$$

$$

