One Direction: Preference - He Wets The Bed

Author: suprnatrl

*000*2015-08-05 21:27

This was written a while ago, so Zayn is still included.

Liam: You had been expecting Liam to have a bit of a restless night tonight after Louis had made you and all the boys watch a horror movie, but you were a bit surprised when you looked up from your book to see he had soaked the bed! You gently shook him awake and he sat bolt upright with a yell. He had obviously been having a nightmare. When he realised what he had done he turned tomato red and started stuttering apologies. You put your finger up to his lips to shush him.

"It's ok Liam, I'm not mad. You had a nightmare and it scared you, simple as that. It doesn't matter" you told him. He nodded and rubbed at his eyes - he had been crying a little from fear and humiliation.

"Thanks y/n. I seriously thought you were gonna be mad" he mumbled.

"Of course not. Now get changed while I strip the bed" you told him gently. He did as you said, but when you were finally back in bed Liam was too freaked out to sleep. You had to 'borrow' Zayn's nightlight to get him to sleep - you didn't think Zayn would care, he had recently got a dimmer switch for his main light. You were proven wrong when both of you were woken up the next morning by Zayn yelling.

"I've told you a million times Louis, stop messing with my nightlight!" You and Liam looked at each other.

"Oops!" You both said perfectly in sync.

Niall: "It couldn't have been me!" You yelled. You and Niall had woken up to find a wet patch right in the middle of the bed, and were both blaming each other.

"Look at your pyjamas!" Niall yelled back.

"Look at your's!" You could see that Niall had a wet spot on his pyjamas, but you looked down anyway... to find that your pyjamas were soaked as well. You looked up at Niall. He had the same confused expression as you.

"We must have both done it!" he decided. "My bladder muscles must have stopped working again, and you didn't go to the toilet before you went to bed" Now that you thought about it, that would explain why you didn't need to pee when you usually did first thing in the morning...

"Fair enough, it was both of us. So we both have to change the bedsheets" you decided. Halfway through Niall started messing around. He put the sheet over his head and chased you around the house, pretending to be a ghost. You both eventually collapsed on the floor, out of breath and giggling hard.

"I've laughed so much that I need to pee again!" Niall said.

"So do I" you realised suddenly. You smirked at Niall. "Race you to the bathroom!" He jumped up, laughing again, and ran as fast as he could. Naturally, you let him beat you.

Zayn: You knew Zayn was scared of the dark, so you panicked a little when the power was knocked out by the thunderstorm that was raging outside, but up until now you didn't know he was also scared of storms. He was curled into your side, clinging onto you tightly and shivering with fear, whimpering every time he heard the thunder. At one point the storm was particularly loud and Zayn let out a yelp as an especially loud crash of thunder nearly deafened you both. It was then that you realised a wet wartmth was spreading across the bed. You looked down, wondering if your hot water bottle could have leaked, and saw that Zayn had a wet patch on the crotch of his pyjama bottoms and was sobbing with embarrassment.

"Oh Zayn" you sighed sympathetically. "Why didn't you just tell me you had to go?" As soon as the words left your mouth you realised what a stupid question that was. You knew full well how shy your boyfriend was at saying he needed the toilet. You always had to keep an eye on him when you were watching movies. If he started to squirm, you knew to pause the movie and go and do something for a few minutes to give him a chance to slip off. Anyway, Zayn couldn't speak for crying so hard. It took ten minutes to calm him down enough to get him to listen to you. You changed the bed and comforted him while he was getting changed, and when you were ready to get back in bed you sat with your hands over his ears until the thunder stopped so he didn't hear it. There was nothing you could do about the power, so Zayn fell asleep in your arms because it was the only way he felt safe enough to drift off.

Louis: You were sitting up in bed listening to music one night because you weren't tired yet, and you noticed that Louis was mumbling in his sleep. You mostly couldn't make out what he was saying, but you figured out that it was something to do with water. Uninterested, you went back to your music, until a few minutes later you realised that Louis had wet the bed! You gave him a little shove to wake him up, but you hadn't noticed he was right at the edge of the bed, and when you pushed him he fell right out! Grumbling crossly and rubbing his head, he stood up.

"What was that for?!" he asked you furiously. You just smirked and pointed at the wet patch he had left on the bed. "Guess that explains the weird dream about waterfalls, then" he muttered. You were still giggling at him, so to pay you back he pulled the matress cover off while you were still sitting on the bed! You yelped and tumbled off just as he had done. You argued and teased each other a little, but only jokingly. Pretty soon you had made up, and Louis felt a little bad for making you fall off the bed, and ditto you with him. He decided to show you he was sorry, and pretty soon you had to change the bed again. But this time it wasn't from pee...

Harry: You watched quietly as Harry finished yet another cup of tea before heading upstairs to bed. As usual he couldn't be bothered going to the toilet before he slept.

"You'll wet the bed" you warned him. He just rolled his eyes.

"I was five the last time I did that! I'll be fine!" he said casually. You sighed and shook your head, but didn't argue further. You made up your mind to stay up and wake him when he started fidgeting, but it had been a long day and soon your eyes were drifting shut... Needless to say, you were woken up at 3 in the morning because the bed was completely drenched. You sighed and shook Harry awake. You weren't as annoyed with him as you thought you would be, so you decided to just poke fun at him a little then cheer him up.

As soon as he woke up and realised that the bed was soaking and his special cat onesie was stained and smelly, he shocked you by bursting into floods of tears. You had expected him to maybe be a little upset, but he was sobbing uncontrollably like a baby! It took a while to calm him down enough for you to find out why he was so upset over one little accident. It turned out he was worried you would be mad at him for not listening, and had somehow got it into his head that you would put him in nappies!

"Listen haz, I would never do that, ok? One little accident doesn't matter, I promise" you told him once he'd finally got his tears under control. He sniffled and nodded gratefully. Ever since then he refused to go to sleep without going to the toilet just before in case it happened again.

