Escape from Bell Reve (Cat Woman)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-07-25 05:32

I hope you enjoy this. don't know what else to say other than it's rather short I suppose.

Selina Kyle was sprawled out on her bed, her perfectly mancured nails tapping against the head board as she awaited night. Her long curly black hair spread out around her head as her beautiful face stared at the white ceiling of Belle Reve. Her curvy body was covered by a black lacy bra and dark blue skinny jeans. whereas most in the prison would be forced to where the drab prison clothing, and no access to the delicacies that she had, a master theif like herself would never go without her desires. Even her feet were perfectly pedicured. It paid to have the supplies in Belle Reve.

Finally as the darkness settled in she sat up with a wicked grin on her face. She stood up, her bare feet meeting the cold stone floor as she glanced out her cell door. The coast was clear. She darted back, slipped on a tight black jacket, zipped it up to her chest, revealing enough of her cleavage to see a little of her skimpy bra. Then she slipped her feet into knock-off black ugg boots and placed make-shift claws, fashioned from scraps of metal and razors, on each of her finger tips. She grabbed a black back pack from under her bed, one that was full of supplies she would need for the road. Then with a quick backwards glance at her room she unlocked the door with a stolen key and slipped into the halls of Belle Reve.

She was greeted by a suprising blast of cold air which contrasted the nearly overwhelming heat of her room. It seemed that the cold air stimulated her bladder, or at least brought it to her attention. Her bladder was full enough to require her hand to dart to her crotch. She stood still for several minutes, long enough to gain control before she set off. She made sure to keep her thighs pressed against each other between each seductive stride. Her razor claws tapped against her thighs as she made her way down the hall as silently. Her deep blue eyes darted back and forth as she made sure to stay out of sight, even from other prisoners.

As she neared a corner she crouched down and hugged the wall to her right. She glanced to the left, a guard was heading away from her, to her right the hall was empty. She made sure to remain silently as she turned right and neared the exit to the prison. She crept forward as urine sloshed in her bladder as her urethra began to burn with pent up urine. "What was in that water?" She questioned herself. She slid her hand into her jeans and pressed her finger tips over her urethra as she urge rapidally grew for no apparent reason. She hobbled forward through the halls of Belle reve till she neared the exit, two guards. One patrolling the far right, the other half asleep at the door. "Purr-fect."

She approached the guard to the right from behind, when she got close enough she slipped her hands over his mouth, stifling his cries for help as she yanked him to the ground. In a fluent movement she sent him to the ground, her legs straddling his body as she strangled the lackee with one hand, the other hand covering her mouth. She added presure to his mouth and throat as pressure was added to her bladder. She curled her toes and grit her teeths. The guard went limp. She kept pressure just to be safe before standing to her feet, reamining discreet as she took the unconscious man's flashlight and gun before she hobbled to the other guard.

She was directly in front of the guard before he really began to notice her. His eyes went wide as she raised the flashlight before slamming it into his skull just as a cry materiallized as sound. The guard slumped in his seat, either dead or knocked out. Selina didn't bother to check as she dashed out the door. An alarm sounded as she shoved it open. "Damn!" She cursed before sneaking away into the darkness. She quickly concocted a plan as she giant seach lights on the walls came on searching for her. She needed to get to the west wall where a small series of make-shift footholds would get her halfway up the wall, after that her claws would need to help her as she climbed the weakening wall.

She headed to the east side of the wall with the flashlight and gun in both hands, she had to double over the compensate for not gropping her crotch. She avoided the swarm of flashlight weilding guards and brights beams of light as she made her way opposite of her destination. The east wing was less lit up since the wall had been reconstructed, stronger, larger. The west wing was still being worked on, and would soon be finished. This was the reason Selina needed to break out now. WHile the time was prime. She finally made it to her primary stop, she fastened a flashlight onto a shrub, the beam pointing to the ground. Next she tore off her jacket, now able to press on her urethra as she remained doubled over.

She hung her jacket up on an ivy vine so it appeared she would be standing there. Finally she utilized the gun. She aimed at each large bulb of the searchlights. She crossed her legs tightly WIth expert markmanship she shot out each light, sending the east wing in darkness. "Cheap precautions." She whispered. She needed to move now! The guards would answer her bait within seconds. She withdrew her hand, stood up straight and ran full speed to the west wing. The moment she began to ran, she was forced to release all hold on her bladder. Hot urine began to stream down her legs as golden rivulets, soaked her tight denim jeans, leaving dark glistening streaks on her pants.

She rushed to her ideal location, careful to avoid the swarms of guards racing the other direction. She still remained cautious as she skirted the beams of light till she came upon her spot. Urine still seeping into her jeans as she climbed up the footholds as streams of golden urine poured to the ground below her. She began utilizing her claws as she ascended the wall. She neared the top when a volt of electricity shot through her system. Her muscles tensed up as she plummeted to the ground, slamming into her own puddle as she hit the ground.

"Did you think I would make it easy for you?" Hugo Strange's voice called out. "diuretics in your food to give me a urine trail to you. I guess you couldn't make it to a litter box miss Kyle." On that note Selina blacked out.

I hope you enjoyed reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. Please leave comments, critisism, feedback, etc. below:)

*002*2012-07-25 05:53

{{: 

I enjoyed it very much!

Very well detailed.

Well done

}}

Thank you:) I'm glad you appreciated it:)

*004*2012-07-25 07:15

{{: 

Thank you very much! I'm laughing just picturing Strange saying that.

}}

You're welcome. That line made me smirk too:)

*006*2012-07-26 01:33

{{: 

Bravo. Reminds me of another story you had.... On the lamb??

Gj and I look foward to the next chapter

}}

That was actually the main inspiration for this

*008*2012-08-06 00:16

The sequel to this story and Harley Quinn's Accident is finally here --> http://omorashi.org/topic/7990-after-arkham-talia/

*010*2012-08-09 20:36

{{: 

Nice story!

}}

Thank you:)

*012*2012-08-13 21:36

{{: 

Very nice I love her making a conscious decision to run full speed even if it means releasing control. It needed to be done!

}}

Thank you:)

