Alexis's pee problem chapter 1 (Yu-Gi-Oh GX fanfic)

Author: andrtyb

*000*2015-12-18 21:27

It was a nice sunny day at the Duel Academy.Too bad the students were stuck in Dr Crowler's class.Jaden was beyond bored and he barely listened to what the effeminate teacher was saying,since he was more focused on the beautiful Alexis who stood in the top raw,looking so pretty today.However,she seemed quite distracted.

Actually,she looked more like she needed to go pee,especially with her bare long legs crossed together tightly in an elegant lady-like way,trying to focus on the lesson without attracting attention to her.

The poor girl had no chance to pee this morning since she overslept and when she woke up she was almost late for the class,so she dressed up quickly and rushed to the bathroom,only to find it occupied by her two female roommates,Jasmine and Mindy,who were taking a shower.

Alexis had no time to wait for them and the only thing she could imagine was how angry Crowler is gonna be if she was late for class,so the girl left without peeing and headed straight for the class.

Now Alexis knew that there's no way in hell for Crowler to let her leave him classroom since he was the strictest teacher in the whole academy.

She began to shift a little in her place.Her bladder felt so full and swollen at the point where it felt like it's gonna burst at any moment - a trip to the restroom was all poor Lexi needed in that moment,but the only way she could relieve all that pressure was if she asked Dr Crowler's permission to let her use the bathroom,but the girl refused to do it,not only because it was embarrassing,but she was convinced the mean teacher won't let her go,considering that every student who asked his permission in the past had been denied.

Alexis was sitting in her place,with her legs crossed,occasionally shifting or squirming.Sometimes she felt like she wasn't even able to sit still anymore,forget paying attention to the class.

At one point,the pressure from her bladder got so insufferable she had no choice.

The blonde-haired Obelisk Blue girl raised her hand :

"What is it,Miss Rhodes?" asked Crowler on his usual unfriendly tone.

"Sir,may I please go to the ladies's room?" asked Alexis red from embarrassment.

"No,my class is not over yet!" replied the girly man annoyed.

Alexis sat down being at the point where she was almost gonna cry,seeing how unsimpathetic the teacher was.However,Alexis was a strong female and she didn't want to be seen crying at everyone's eye.

'Crowler should be reported at the Academy for not allowing the students to go to the bathroom' thought Alexis.

She decided that asking one more time wouldn't hurt,definitely not worse than how her bladder hurt in that moment.If he's gonna deny her permission again,she'd just warn him she's gonna pee in his classroom,there was no other choice left.

"Sir,I'm really not feeling well.May I please go to the bathroom?" said Alexis trying to hide her desperation.

"Miss Rhodes,at your age,you are supposed to be able to wait till the end of the class!" screamed Crowler loudly.

'Oh,now he really said it! How would he like if I'd take my panties off and piss right here in his classroom?' thought Alexis.

She blushed terribly at this obscene unladylike thought.No,she was a proper lady! She couldn't even think about doing something like this.

She sat herself down and placed one hand in her skirt,hoping no one would notice how badly she needs to go.

In that moment,every boy stopped paying attention to the class,focusing on the beautiful desperate Alexis.The thought of seeing Alexis Rhodes,the hottest girl in the whole academy desperate for a piss was a dream come true.Just the simple thought of her having an accident made every male had a boner in their pants.

Jaden was there too and despite the fact he never wanted to admit that he has an omorashi fetish,deep inside he had one.But he was also feeling bad for the poor girl.He knew how mean Crowler tended to be sometimes and he certainly wanted to help.Chazz was smirking with pleasure at her as well.Alexis noticed all the unwanted attention the male student were giving her.

'Those,damn perverts and their weird interests! Why can't they just act normal for once? thought Alexis to herself.

Jaden was obviously feeling sorry for Lexi.He knew how difficult is for Crowler to change his mind.It was also quite rude and even unkind of him not allow a lady to use the restroom.

Jaden wanted to get up and defend Alexis,but considering that Crowler hated him even more,that definitely wouldn't help her too much.

It seemed that after a few minute,Alexis's urge to pee grew so much that crossing legs wasn't helping anymore.She began shifting,fidgeting and bouncing slightly in her seat.

What was worse was that now Crowler was taking about water-type cards.

"And now,class,we'll talk about the 7-stars water type monster 'Tidal Dragon Ruler of Waterfalls" explained the teacher.

At the simple hearing of the word 'waterfall' Alexis felt like she's gonna leak in her panties at any moment.Her bladder was beating and the unimaginable amount of yellow liquid that was containing it was sloshing constantly wanting to escape.

Well,now she definitely knew that the 'myth' with the running water increasing your urge to pee was true.

"As you may know,this monster destroys 2000 points of your opponent's card by simply splashing high-pressured water at them" said Crowler.

Alexis couldn't take it anymore.The urge to urinate was too extreme and all these 'watery' thoughts weren't helping either.

"There's also the trap card called 'Torential Reborn' which can be activated per turn and as you can see,this card looks like a flowing waterfall' he explained to the class.

While Crowler was explaining,Alexis tried her hardest not to listen to it.Thinking about waterfalls was pure torture with a full bladder.

"Miss Rhodes,are you paying attention to the class? If yes,explain to the class what was the purpose of the card I was talking about." yelled Crowler from the top of his lungs.

The girl had no idea what she was gonna say.She tried her hardest not to listen to it,so she obviously didn't know the answer.

"I'm sorry,doctor.I wasn't able to pay attention.I'm not feeling very well if you'll excuse me." said Alexis,trying to explain,but it mostly seemed like she was talking with the walls.

Jaden decided it's time to step in and help his friend with the problem.She definitely needed help right now.

'Come on,teach! Let her go to the bathroom already! She's a lady after all." said Jaden,hoping it would work.

'Hey,you slifer slacker.How dare you try to get away from my rules.DETENTION FOR YOU BOTH!' yelled Crowler.

*004*2015-12-18 23:05

{{:

That is a great idea masta.

}}

{{:

That is a great idea masta.

}}

She'll most likely have to wait another 2 hours of detention.Then,it's a surprise,you'll see.

*006*2015-12-18 23:15

{{:

When will you post the next part?

}}

Tomorrow for sure.

*010*2016-02-13 13:52

{{:

I wish I never have a teacher like that...

}}

I think I exaggerated a bit though.He's not really that mean in the Japanese version

