My Life as a Teenage Bed Wetter - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*045*2015-09-11 04:52

I can’t believe what my mom made me do! Not only did she find the package of diapers under my bed, she’s actually making me wear them! Of course I tried to fight her on this with pretty much every fiber in my being, but she threatened that if I didn’t put it on in the next five minutes she was going to diaper me herself. I just can’t live with that kind of embarrassment! It’s bad enough I’m a bed wetter, but to actually have to wear old people diapers is just, ugh! These weren’t even the pull on kind! These had side tapes and everything. I felt like I spent ten minutes just staring at it in my hand and another ten trying to figure out how to even put it on.

I hadn’t expected these things to be so big! I had pictured cute little baby diapers, not these massive blocks of fluffy material the size of a freaking bath towel. I almost even had to ask my mom for help, until I realized what it was I was going to ask her. No way am I going to ask her for help in putting me in a diaper! I had somehow managed to get it on, but I doubt it will stay on through the night. It’s loose and hanging funny. Oh well, she only said I had to wear it, she didn’t say anything about having to wear it correctly.This is so weird having so much padding against my butt.

It’s a little after midnight and I still can’t sleep. I’ve been tossing and turning for the last hour and a half. What happened? Two hours ago I would have done anything to just crawl under my blankets and sleep until who knows when? Not anymore. I can’t stop thinking and this diaper sure isn’t helping!. I can’t believe Al’s dad is Ryan. And yes, I didn’t hear wrong. It’s Ryan, not Brian. What if I had Mr. Stinky’s name wrong? What if his name is Ryan? If that was the case, that would mean…Mr. Stinky is Allison’s dad! How creepy would THAT be? Hmm…What if he already knows this? Well, okay if he was the one doing this, then he would obviously already know. But we already know he isn’t the one doing this! ARGH! This just takes us back to square one.

So what we need to do is…find out who Allison’s dad is. But where will that get us? We already tried telling the police. So what if we know who the guy is, know where to find him, and know what he looks like. It wouldn’t do us any good. There’s no proof that he’s going to do anything!

I mean, does he even have a motive? Al said something about him saying “She’ll pay for this!” Is he only going to kill her to get back at her mom for leaving? Then what would be the whole thing with killing her because she believes in God? This makes no sense!

I need to sleep; I’ll worry about this tomorrow. No! I can’t What if this happens tomorrow?! But I need to sleep, so I’ll have the energy to do something about it. And besides, what if I dream something important? Maybe an important clue that will solve all of this.Yes! That is what I need to do! Sleep. So I can dream, and figure this whole thing out once and for all.

^-^

Motel 6. The words that greet me as I open my eyes. I look around, facing the 30 brown painted doors. I walk up, not sure what I’m doing, but at the same time, knowing where I need to go. I climb the brown wooden staircase and ascend to the second level. The butterflies in my stomach growing as I walk closer. Closer to door number twenty seven. I stand in front, facing the door, swallow hard, and knock. Nothing. I knock again. I know I heard movement inside. I hear foot steps coming closer. Or is that my heart?

I hear a lock unlatch and the door opens a crack while a woman with straight blond hair with way too much make-up on sticks her head out. I breathe a sigh of relief.

“What do you want?” she asks.

“Oh, I- I’m sorry to disturb y-you.” I stutter, the butterflies picking up even harder. Is this the right room? I glance back at the door. Door number twnety seven. Where’s Ryan? If he’s not here, why am I here? “Is there a…Ryan here?” I ask uncertainly. She gives me a strange look, shakes her head and slams the door. I walk back over to the stairs, the butterflies gradually fluttering away the farther I walk away from the door. Something obviously wants me here; it’s not ready for me to leave.

I draw a quick breath, glance down at the stairs and walk back. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do, but I know I can’t leave. Not yet. I lean against the railing and wait. Not a clue in the world what I’m waiting for though. Twenty minutes pass, and I’m still here. I begin to feel antsy and pace. The fluttering in my stomach going in and out as I walk to and from the door. I hear a faint clicking sound and spin around. The same blond hair lady steps out, spies me and gives me a perplexed stare. I stare back. She sighs and waves me over with her hand, shaking her head, but more as if at herself than at me. The fluttering returns the closer I walk towards the door.

“You…You don’t happen to be…Katie?” she asks doubtfully.

“Yeah…”I squeak, the excitement growing stronger than ever.

“Wait here a second.” She says as she walks back into the room and reappears a few moments later, a white envelope clutched in her hand. “The rooms last occupant left this taped to the door.” She says flashing me the envelope with the familiar red handwriting sprawled across it spelling out my name.

I reach out with a shaky hand for the envelope. I hold it in my trembling hands for a few moments before ripping it open, revealing another letter written in the same red, runny ink.

Thirty hours!

Let’s see what your God can do!

I swallow the lump that’s formed in my throat. I clench my fists and then jam the letter back in the envelope and realize there’s something else in it. A small key. I stare at it for a moment and then stuff it in my pocket.

“Katie.” I hear a voice call softly to me. I look up, expecting it to be the blond women, but she was no longer there. “Katie.” I whip around, but no one is there.

“Go to the bathroom before bed!” I hear as a falling sensation forces me to hold on to something…fluffy. I jerk my eyes open.

“Katie. Time to get up.” My mom says as she pokes her head in from the hallway. Thirty Hours. That would be…tomorrow afternoon! "How'd the diapers work out?" She asked pulling my blanket back and groaning with disgust. I open my eyes and realize the right side of my pajama leg is wet and stuck to myself. "Take off your pants." She orders me as I blush and do as she says revealing that the right side of my diaper had completely come undone. "You didn't even put it on right!"

As soon as she leaves I force myself out of bed, not even caring that I wet myself for what felt like the 20th time. I do my usual morning routines and my not so usual ones. I throw my un-finished homework in my backpack and take off towards school, ignoring my mothers’ insistence to eat something.

I have to get to school, I have to warn Allison. Is it thirty hours starting now, or last night? Well, if it was now, then it would be tomorrow night and the dream takes place during the day. So it would be starting last night, which really would place it tomorrow afternoon.

Well isn’t this just great? This could be my last day to live, and I’m stuck using it to go to school. School is to prepare for your future, but what if I don’t have a future? I wonder if Al would be interested in ditching today. Why can’t we just ditch tomorrow as well? Let's just not even be there when he’s here. But wouldn’t he just come back some other day? Or to her house perhaps. Plus there was that key. What was that for? Looked like something the school would use. I know it wasn’t a house key, it was really big and yellow; I don’t know many house keys that look like that. But what’s the point in dreaming about a key? Am I supposed to go to the motel and get it? I’d have to ditch school. Hmm… go to school, or scary motel?

Scary motel!

I know, I’ll go get Al, tell her about the dream and sneak off campus with her…whether she wants to or not.

“Hey.” I say when I reach school and join Al by her locker as usual. “What’s wrong?” I quickly notice she isn’t herself, but who would be at a time like this? She shakes her head and slams her locker shut, leaning her head against it, with her hands forming fists besides her. “Nothing.” She mumbles into the row of lockers. I know she’s lying. I don’t think I’ve ever seen her like this. Her eyes are blood shot; she looks half-dead and extremely tired.

She turns her head and stares at me. “Is there any new news? Please tell me it’s good.”

“Huh?” I ask, still taking her in.

“Dreams. Did you have another dream? A clue of some sort?” she asks hopefully. “Something that’s going to have this all figured out?”

“Well…” I say, hesitating a moment. Do I really want to tell her? She doesn’t look up to it, and I’m afraid if I tell her, she’ll have a nervous breakdown or…something. No I’ll tell her later.

“Well.” I say again. “I got a key.”

“A…key?” Al asks, raising her eyebrows at me suspiciously. “That’s it? No address as to where my dad might be? Nothing that could keep him from…You know.” I nod. She moans and slams her locker with her fists, making a loud enough noise to break apart the nearest couple for a quick glance to see what’s happening before they resume their…business. “Well…what was it for, do you have it? Do you know how it can help? Or what it unlocks?” I shake my head before she manages to shoot out any more questions.

“I don’t know.” I say quietly, nearly a whisper. “I had a dream I went back to the Motel 6 to speak with him …I guess. He wasn’t there. There was a new person occupying the room, a lady. She gave me an envelope, with my name on it, and inside there was a key. It looked like something from a business. It was big and yellow with a ton of different looking edges.”

“So what? Does this…key hold the answers we’re looking for?” she snaps in reply. “How is this going to help? We don’t know where to find it, or let alone what it unlocks!” I watch as she falls to the ground and lets her head fall into her knees.

I wish I had something to say to her, something that would help. I wish I could tell her that this would all work out, and that everything’s going to be okay. But I don’t even know that myself. I still need someone to tell me the same. I don’t know if I should stay where I am, or give her a hug. She might push me away though. Telling her about what the letter said sure won’t help; it might even make things worse. I wasn’t expecting him to actually follow through with his threats, let alone so…soon.

“Al…” I whisper softly. She shakes her head in her knees, wipes her eyes with her sleeve and stands up.

“I’m sorry. I’m fine.” She says in a daze. “I’m just…stressed.” I nod sympathetically.

“It’s okay. Anyone in your position would be”

“Ugh. I’m in no shape to handle the lesson today. I’ve got to go find Marissa and ask if she’ll take over.”

“Huh?”

“For the Bible club. Want to come?”

“Sure.” I shrug and follow her around the campus a few times until she leads me over to a tall, skinny, blond haired girl dressed head to toe in pink, including pink glasses. I glance over at the crowd of people surrounding her, dressed about the same. Whoa, how does Al know these people? They don’t really look like her type of crowd. Al’s not one to dress all in black or anything, but she’s certainly not one to dress all in pink either.

“Hey!” She smiles as Al flags her down, and then frowns slightly at the sight of me in my anti-pink clothes. “What’s up?” she asks, directing her attention back to Al.

“Hey. I need a favor from you, would you mind taking over today’s lesson? I’m not feeling very well…not exactly up to it today.”

She drops her plastered smile again. “You’re not sick or anything, are you?” she asks.

“No. I’m fine. There’s just a lot going on, I don’t think I could handle it right now.”

“Okay.” She says. “As long as you’re not sick. You can’t be gone tomorrow, it’s a big day.”

“Huh? What’s tomorrow?” She asks puzzled.

I watch as she stares at Allison in disbelief. “You’re kidding right?” she asks slowly.

“Umm…No. What’s going on tomorrow?”

“Allison! What is wrong with you?” she yelled in what I thought to be an extremely preppy voice. “Tomorrow’s the pep rally!” Okay, she’s confused me already. Allison and pep rallies…not a good mix.

“Look. I’m really not feeling well. Are you going to tell me what’s happening tomorrow or not?” Al snaps again. Apparently this Marissa person has never seen Als’…other side before.

She steps back a moment and eyes her before saying, “The pep rally…you know…that thing you’ve been planning for the last two months. The Believers Project…That thing YOU organized.”

^ - ^

We’re all standing in Amanda’s office trying to help out. Well okay. I’m trying to help out. Marissa is freaking out and pacing the floor muttering, “Oh my God…Oh my God…” occasionally. At least I’m trying to do something. Even if all I had to do was put a wet wash cloth on Als forehead. Amanda is out getting ice in the teachers lounge. Wasn’t the greatest of time to run out of ice.Well okay, here’s what happened. After Marissa said something about that Believers Project or whatever that is….Al went all pale, then green…then fainted. So after I was able to get Marissa to stop screaming, the two of us were able to carry her over here.

Amanda didn’t really believe Marissa’s overly dramatic tale of what happened, so she’s probably going to shoo her out and ask me when she gets back.

I’m curious to know what this project is; does it have anything to do with what’s going to happen? It must have…it caused Al to faint. I guess she must know it’s tomorrow. I suppose I have to come clean about the letter then. The two of us hear a faint moaning sound and rush back over to the bed as Al starts to come back to earth. She slowly opens her eyes, squints, and then blinks a few times.

“Where am I?” she asks groggily.

“The nurse’s office.” Marissa answers.

“Umm…Why? What happened? I was talking to you then… I’m here.” Al says, lifting the wash cloth of her head and eyes curiously before setting it back down.

“Yeah….” I say. “That’s because you fainted.”

She blinks a few more times before answering. “Oh…Well…I guess that explains my massive headache.”

“Yeah…Sorry about that. You surprised us; we didn’t have enough time to catch you before you hit the ground.” I say, grimacing my apology, then lean in closer and whisper into Als ear, “Are you going to tell me what this Believers Project is or am I going to have to force it out of you?” I must have sparked her memory as to why she fainted in the first place as I watched her face start to change colors again.

Marissa sees this and yells at the top of her lungs, “Nurse!” much to everyone’s displeasure.

Amanda comes into sight (finally!) hurrying over with a bag of ice. “What? What’s wrong?” she asks looking at her then to Al. “Oh good. You're back.” She says, gently placing the bag on Al’s head.

“I think you should go to class now. Thanks for your help.” Amanda says to Marissa, motioning to the door with her arm.

“Fine.” She says, grabbing me by the arm after she moves toward the door and I didn’t follow. “She meant both of us.” She says half dragging me out.

“No. She stays.” Said Amanda.

“What? Why does she get to stay? I’m not leaving if she’s not!”

“Go!” Marissa sends me an evil glare before storming out. I walk back over, brushing my arm off for any pink contamination.

“What happened?” Amanda asks me as soon as I shut the door.

“I don’t know. Marissa said something about some…Believers Project and Al freaked out. She started changing colors then just…fell.” I say, glancing over at Al, who still looked pale. “Are you going to tell me what that is?” She sighs and begins biting on her thumb before taking a deep breath.

“It was a thing I planned for the Bible club during the pep rally. One at a time, they’re supposed to stand up and say their name and “I believe in God.” In front of everyone, if they wanted to. Then anyone could join in.”

“Oh. What’s so bad about that?” Amanda asked.

“Katie, don’t you remember the phone call? I’m supposed to stand up in front of everyone and say I don’t believe in God or else he will kill me! This is it! It’s tomorrow afternoon during the pep rally! I’m the president! I’m supposed to be the first one to start!” Now I understand why Al fainted.

###

It’s already after third period and I still can’t figure it out! What did my dream mean? I know what the thirty hours meant…obviously. But the key? What was the key for? What does it go to? What does it have to do with any of this? And why am I stuck in Algebra when my best friend could be a murder victim tomorrow!

Finally! The bell rings and I’m up faster than anyone and out the door, not even bothering writing down the homework assignment. I’m on my way towards the five mile lunch line, but am suddenly thrown against a wall and held there by…Jaclyn.

”What are you doing? Are you crazy, get off me!” I yell, but am re-slammed against the wall even harder than before.

“What…did…you…do?!” she hisses at me.

“What are you talking about?” I yell, trying to get her hands away from my throat.

“Allison. What did you do to her?!” she yells at me.

“I didn’t do anything!”

“She left in the middle of World History crying!”

“Why do you think I had something to do with that?” I yell, offended at how she could think I was responsible for that. I mean yeah, we fight sometimes, but I haven’t done anything stupid besides that time at Bio camp. “Let me go!”

“I know something’s wrong! I’m not as oblivious as you two think I am!” she says, still full of rage. “There’s something you’re not telling me! What the hell is going on!?”

“Nothing.” I mumble looking past her towards the buildings.

“Look me in the eye and tell me there’s nothing wrong!”

“Look, I don’t want to get any more people involved.” Wrong answer. She slams me even harder against the wall.

“Does this have anything to do with those dreams you were having?” I don’t answer; I just stare at the ground. “Does it?” she yells again.

“Yes.” I mumble. "You’re going to tell me everything I don’t know. NOW!”

“No, it’s none of your business.” Big mistake. I feel a hand come up and slap me in the face.

“You idiot! How could you think that?! In case you haven’t noticed, she’s my friend too! You’re not the only one who cares about her!”Whoa, how very…Un-Jaclynish. She just admitted she had feelings. I’d bring it up, but she’d probably slap me again.

“Because I care about you! He’s watching us! I can’t drag you into this as well! I can’t put your life on the line because you want to know what’s going on!”

“Who is he?!” she screamed “Is Allison in danger?! Are you in danger?! Who’s watching us?!”

“I can’t tell you!” I yelled, noticing we were beginning to draw the attention of people near by. “Not here.” I whispered. She grabbed me by the neck of my shirt collar, threw me into an empty classroom and slammed the door behind us.

“What…is…going…on!?” she yelled again. “Who is watching us? Why are we in danger? And why is there a rumor going around that Al fainted this morning?”

“Because she did faint. I was with her when it happened.” I said, slipping down into a chair as I feel my energy fly away again.

“Why? What happened?”

“One question at a time. What do you want to know?” I ask, hating myself for putting Jaclyn in danger with us.

“Everything, start from the beginning.”

^ - ^

Two hours, a missed lunch, class, and after being relocated to the bathroom, I finally got the whole story out.

“So let me get this straight…Allison’s dad is going to kill her if she doesn’t get onstage tomorrow and denounce God in front of a crowd of people. He’s also going to kill anyone who tries to get involved, and he’s been watching the two of you with video cameras hooked up in your rooms. Also he's been sending you death threats at your window and THIS…is what you’ve been dreaming about?”

“Yep. That pretty much covers it.” I say.

“And what exactly is the plan?”

“Well…we don’t exactly have one…yet. All we know is that His name is Ryan, he’s an electrician, and has really bad breath.”

“Oh great…like that’s going to help.” She says sarcastically. “Wake up! This is no time to sleep!”

“Sorry.” I say, forcing my eyes open. “We need to find a…key.”

“A key? What is that going to do?”

“I don’t know…unlock something.”

“Duh. But what? A door, a car, a house?”

“I don’t know.” I mumble, biting down on my bottom lip.

“Argh! What DO you know?”

“Nothing! That’s the problem! All I know is when, but it won’t do us any good if no one believes us! I’ve already called the police and they said they’d put extra security around here, but that’s it.”

“How do we know someone’s actually after her, besides your subconscious nighttime strolls. You’ve gotten a few letters, a couple phone calls. Any solid evidence here?”

“Trust me. Too many things have already happened to prove otherwise. How do you explain certain things I’ve dreamt about coming true? Like I dreamt Allison’s mom was going to tell her about her dad, and then it happened.”

“Fine. I’ll admit that was…creepy, but still.” She said, sliding down to the wet tiled floor underneath the row of sinks. “We need a plan. Maybe we could think of something after school.”

“Ugh. I Can’t. I have a doctor’s appointment after school.” I say, eyeing the dirty wet ground before hesitantly joining Jaclyn on it.

“A doctors appointment?! We might be dead in less then 24 hours! Can’t you get out of it?”

“No” I moan. “My mom doesn’t believe any of this. The only adult we have on our side is Amanda. And we’re lucky we have her.”

We both sit up as we hear foot steps coming closer and yanking open the bathroom door open. Uh-oh.

###

“Back so soon are we Katie?” asks the school director, a balding middle aged man with a large gap between his two front teeth and a nose that looks as if it was broken a few times. “What are we in for this time?” he asks, looking down at the note on his desk. I sigh silently and sink down in the plastic chair in front of his desk, the chair I have become quite accustomed too.

Jaclyn on the other hand was fidgeting nervously in the chair besides me, obviously new to this position. I quickly glance over at her and she nervously glances back, twiddling her thumbs under the desk.

Really, it’s not that big a deal; get a lecture for a couple minutes, maybe a detention. We’ll live… through this anyway.

“Ditching class.” The director reads aloud. “I do not tolerate this kind of behavior. We have a no tolerance policy.” He says, getting up from his desk and walking toward the window. “Now, Katie, I believe you know what’s going to happen.” I nod, attempting to stay awake. “I’m not sure if your friend is up to date or not, but we have a policy here.” He said, stiffening up. “You are lucky right now; I’m going to let you off with just a detention, but next time, next time the punishment will be much more severe.”

“Okay. We’re sorry.” I say a bit too quickly.

“No. I wasn’t talking to you.” He snaps at me. “Jaclyn, is it?” She nods quickly. “Well then, Jaclyn, as I stated before, we have no tolerance policy for skipping class. I expect you to report in at 3:05 for detention. Now go to class, I need to have a word here with Miss. Devo." She nods, picks up her backpack, and flashes me a worried look before bolting for the door.

“Now, Katie.” He says after rummaging through a drawer full of folders, grabbing one, and setting it on his desk. “You know now what I have to do?”

What is he talking about? Why didn’t he just give me another detention and shoo me away so he could play Minesweeper? “Don’t you remember?” he asks, raising his eyebrows.

“No.” I admit, annoyed at having to be in here in the first place.

“Three strikes, Katie. I believe we discussed this last time we met, did we not?” he asks, taking a seat in the leather chair facing me and folding his hands across the desk. Hmm…when was I in here last? About a month ago I think, wow, it’s already been a month? Well, I have been behaving better. But what did we talk about? How am I supposed to know, I don’t even know what I got in trouble for. Strikes…what did he say about strikes? Oh, I remember now, was he talking about me? I thought he was bragging about the baseball team. He said something about three strikes and I’m out. Sounds like baseball to me. I hope he doesn’t give me a detention, my mom’s going to kill me if I miss my doctor’s appointment because I got detention. Maybe if I just play nice, listen through his lecture and keep my mouth shut, he’ll let me off the hook. So what if I skipped, I had a good enough reason.

“I’m really sorry, I’ve just been really stressed lately, please, can you skip the detention, I have a doctor’s appointment after school, and my mom would kill me if I missed it.” I beg, putting on my best pathetic looking face.

“No.” he said after a moment.

“Well, then can I just serve it Monday or something?”

“No.” he repeats. “I think you're missing the picture.”

“What picture? It’s just a detention. It’ll have the same effect, no matter what day I have it.”

“Katie.” He said, sighing. “You’re not getting a detention.”

“Oh, okay.” I said, relief flowing from my voice.

“You’re getting expelled.”

“WHAT?!” I said, nearly jumping up from my chair. “You’re expelling me because I skipped class?!” He stares at me for a few seconds, as if confused, and then shakes his head.

“You think this is because you skipped class?”

“Well, yeah, I haven’t really done anything for a while, especially nothing that would come close to getting me expelled.”

“Well then.” He says in disbelief, bending down into a drawer and pulling out a brown paper bag and setting it on his desk. “I suppose you have no idea where any of this came from?” He says, placing a few items out from the bag onto the desk. My jaw dropping instantly as he pulls out a pack of cigarettes, half a bottle of Jack Daniels, a magazine, a tiny Ziplock bag with white powder inside(which reminds me of powdered sugar, I have a feeling that’s not it) a straw, and my brass knuckles.

“These” he said motioning with his hand at the items that he placed onto his desk, “Were found in your locker this afternoon during a random drug search. Are you going to tell me these aren’t yours?” he asked, somewhat annoyed. But they aren’t! I don’t even know what half of this stuff is.

Okay, I’ll admit the knuckles were mine, but I’m not going to tell him that. Nothing else is.

“I have already called your mother; she is on her way to remove you from campus. Now I suggest you go clean out your locker and say good-bye to your friends. I have a feeling this is going to be the last time you see them for a very long time.” I don’t believe it! What’s going on?! I was in so much shock I didn’t even notice the school security guards standing behind me. I didn’t care that they practically had to pick me up and drag me away.

“Wait!” I called out. “What’s so bad about a magazine? My mom gets me those so I’ll be more girly or whatever.” I say, thinking it was one of those Seventeen magazines.

“Oh really.” He said doubtfully. “I do not believe your mother would buy you this” he said, lifting the cover towards me so I could catch a glimpse of some naked guy. Oh great…Porn. Didn’t need to see that. I wince as the security guards drag me out, ignoring my desperate pleas that that stuff wasn’t mine. Well…most of it anyway. They told me to sit in a chair while they talked to the principal alone. A minute had past and then two. I notice the secretary a couple feet away from me on the computer.

“So…Mr. Stinkly works part time doesn’t he?” I ask.

“Yes.” She says without looking up.

“Do you know if he has a second job?”

“Yes.”

“Do you know what it is?”

“Yes.”

“What is it?” I ask, starting to get annoyed.

“I’m not at liberty to say, I can’t give out personal information.”

“What am I possibly going to do with it? I was just curious.”

She sighs. “If you must know, he’s an electrician.”

*047*2015-09-11 19:17

They led me out of the office and informed me that I have ten minutes to clean out my locker, and get back to the office or I’ll be in more trouble than I’m already in.

“They can’t be serious!” I tell myself, trying to keep this overwhelming feeling of anxiety down that began to form in my stomach. Every second, a hollow pit growing larger as the reality of recent events began to sink in. I walk slowly over to my locker, taking my sweet time. “What are they possibly going to do to me?” I ask myself. “Expel me? No wait! They already did that.”

After walking to the entirely opposite end of school, I was tired. So tired that I didn’t notice the piece of paper sticking out of my locker at first. I just spun the lock around and opened it up. “Hmm…maybe I should ask for a dumpster?” I whisper to myself, staring at all the accumulated papers and trash. “Or possibly some latex gloves.”

“Here.” Says a man behind me that I assume to be the school janitor. “Looks like you could use this.” He wheels me over one of those trash cans on wheels.

“Thanks.” I mumble to him without looking up.

“Oh, and you have a piece of paper sticking out of your door.” He calls out as he leaves. Why does that voice sound familiar? I look up to see who it was, but he had already turned the corner. Oh well, probably no one. I ignore it and begin dumping everything into a trashcan. Old quizzes, homework, flyers, a two month old ham and cheese sandwich.

“I wish I had some gloves.” I moan as I continue dumping the contents of my (what used to be my) locker into the trash. (So that’s where I put my gym shorts!) I finally breathe a sigh of relief and exhaustion as I finally finish and step back to admire my work. That’s when I finally notice it. An envelope sticking out of the door. I yank it out, and sure enough, it was written in the same red ink, addressed to me. I open it up with trembling hands and read it, anger boiling over inside of me at its contents.

I Told You Not to Mess With Me!

See What Happens When You Don’t Mind Your Own Business!

Just Try to Save Your Friend Now!

He did it! I can’t believe it! He framed me! I form a fist and slam it against the locker door, and repeat the process until my hand couldn’t take anymore. How can I save Al if I’m not even allowed to come to school? He had it all planned out! This really sucks! Not only do I not get to see my friends anymore, one of them might not even live more than twenty-four hours, and the other one is too oblivious to notice I was ever gone. Not a good way to start off a new year. Hell, I might not even live when my mother gets through with me.

I sink to the ground and let my head fall to my knees. Why is this happening? I lift my head up and scream. “God! Why are you doing this?! Why are you trying to take my best friend away from me?! This doesn’t make any sense! Every time I get closer to solving it, he gets one step ahead of me! I’m doing my best! Really, I am! Stop making this more difficult!”

A couple heads pop out of the surrounding classrooms to see who was yelling, but I don’t care. It’s not like I could get in any more trouble. No matter what I do, my mom’s going to kill me. There’s no getting out of it. I might actually die before Allison, and then there would be no way to help her. Unless…

Unless I leave. Go to someone’s house, then maybe sneak back into school somehow tomorrow. I need to get away, if I’m not in school tomorrow, Al doesn’t stand a chance. I made up my mind, stuffed the letter in my pocket and pulled out my cell phone. I dialed Al’s number and hoped she would pick up. She doesn’t.

“Damn it!” I mumble as I send her a text message. “Meet me at your house. Now!” I write, then send it and don’t bother checking to see if she replied or not. I run as fast as I can, not stopping until I’m at least three blocks away. If it wasn’t for all the adrenaline pumping through me, I think I might have keeled over by the time I made it to the end of campus grounds. I pull out my cell phone again to check to see if Al had text me back yet.

“Why?” she asked.

“Just do it!” I write.

“I’ll see you after school.” She wrote back a little while later.

“Emergency! Now!”

“Fine. I’ll see you in ten.” That’s more like it.

^ - ^

“What? What’s going on?!” she says after she finds me laying down on the front porch swing about to have a panic attack.

“Al.” I whisper. “I got expelled.”

“What!? What did you do?!” she asks, immediately getting on my case.

“Nothing!” I shout defensively. “I got framed! He put drugs and porn in my locker, then ratted me out! And I have a pretty good idea who!”

“What?! Don’t you dare accuse Mr. Stinkly of this!”

“Al, just because he is a teacher doesn’t mean he’s perfect! Everything is pointing to him!”

“So what if he has bad breath! Lot’s of people have bad breath! You can’t just go around and accuse him of being some cracked up homicidal maniac!”

“His breath isn’t the only thing that matches! He was at Bio trip! He was the one who sent the sheets, and guess what! I asked the secretary at school what his second job is. He’s an electrician!”

“No! H-he wouldn’t do something like that to me!” she stuttered. “It can’t be true!”

“Face it Al! Mr. Stinky’s our guy.” I said, trying to lower my voice. “Now are you going to help me help you or what? I need to hide here until tomorrow. My moms probably going to call, when she does, you haven’t seen me all day.” I said, laying back down on the swing. “Which reminds me.” I dug in my jacket pocket and pulled out my cell phone and turned it off. “I may need a disguise.”

^ - ^

“Umm…are you sure about this.” Al asked doubtfully, staring at the picture of a blond on a box, then back at me. “You could always just wear a hat.”

“No, my red hair stands out too much, besides; I’ve always wanted to dye it.” Maybe not blond per say, but something. Blond is going to have to do though; it’s the only color Al’s mom has under her bathroom sink. “It’ll come out eventually.”

“Yeah.” She said sarcastically. “In six to eight weeks.”

“Oh well. I’ll survive.” I say, taking the box away from Al and reading the directions out loud. “Well…here goes nothing.” I say as I begin to apply the mixture.

^ - ^

WHAT HAVE I DONE?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?

“It doesn’t look that bad.” Al says, trying to calm me down.

“Are you blind?” I say examining myself in the mirror and biting down on my bottom lip. There was a reason God didn’t make me blond; now I know why.

“I’m sure it’ll just take a little while to get used to. Besides, it accomplishes what you wanted it to do. No one will recognize you.”

“I guess.” I mumble, missing my red hair already. She’s right though. I mean, I barley even recognize myself.

“Well, help me clean this up before my mom gets home, she can’t know you’re here. We still need to hide you.”

“Hide me where?” I ask, trying to mop up the mess on the counter with a towel.

“Up there.” She said, pointing up to the attic.

“You’re going to put me in the attic?” I ask, eyeing the ceiling. “What if I fall through or something!”

“It’s a room; it’s just full of junk. You’ll be fine. Besides, it’s this, or your mom.”

“I’ll take the attic.”

“Well c’mon, my mom’s going to be here in like…ten minutes. We have to go get it ready.” She said while searching around the living room for something. “Here you’ll need this.” She handed me a giant, bulky, fan.

“What’s this for?”

“It’s like 100 plus degrees up there, trust me, you’ll need it.” Al says as she pulls out a chair from the kitchen, climbs on top of it and tries to pull the cord down while revealing a small ladder leading up into the darkness. I eye it hesitantly before climbing up, and with a small amount of difficulty, manage to get the fan up as well. “I have to go, my mom’s going to be home any minute, and she can’t know you’re here. Just stay up there for a little bit, and I’ll be back later.” She said and closed the door, locking me into complete darkness. I jerk up as I hear tiny squeaking noise. I begin to picture thousands of rats running along the floor.

Light! I need light! My cell phone has light! Should I risk it? What if my mom calls? If she calls, then I won’t answer, I’ve got caller I.D. Simple as that.

I turn it on and wince as it immediately vibrates, letting me know I have new voicemail. Uh-oh. Three new voice mails actually.

I hesitate for a minute (maybe actually a couple minutes) before calling my voice mail. I grimace and hold the phone away from my ear, expecting to hear my mother screaming out death threats to me through the phone. But I don’t, I don’t hear anything. I suck in a breath and slowly bring the phone to my ear and breathe a sigh of relief as Jaclyn’s voice comes on the other end.

“Katie! What in the world is going on! Everyone’s looking for you! People are saying you got expelled! They even pulled me out of class to ask if I knew where you were! What did you do!? Never mind, not important, where in the world are you! Call me back!”

Wow, I didn’t think they’d notice I was gone so fast, let alone send a search party to look for me. I delete the message and instantly pull the phone away expecting my mom to be the next message to play. But once again, to my surprise, it wasn’t. It was Amanda, asking the same questions as Jaclyn, except she also wanted to know if I was okay, and wanted me to call her as soon as I got this message. I was so lost in thought I wasn’t paying attention and forgot to pull the phone away from my ear. The third and final message- my mother.

I cannot tell you what she said for fear of young children someday reading this; it is not for the faint of heart. R rated, for extreme language, death threats, and severe yelling. My ear drums, and her voice, will never be the same again. And I didn’t even get through the whole thing, half way through I deleted it for fear of Allison’s mom being able to hear the noise. After that message, I don’t think I can go back home. I’m not even sure if I’m welcome home.

This is just wonderful.

I don’t know what I should do. Should I call them back and let them know I’m okay? (Jaclyn and Amanda I mean, there’s no way on earth I’m calling my mom) I should at least call Amanda and tell her about the note. She’ll believe me… I hope.

I begin to hear voices coming from downstairs. I guess Allison’s mom is home. I wonder what they’re saying. I strain to hear for a couple moments, but I can’t make anything out. Maybe if I just…No! I can’t. What if I get caught? “Maybe just a tiny bit, they won’t notice.” I tell myself as I get down on my hands and knees and lift the door open a crack. Air! Sweet wonderful air! Al wasn’t kidding about it being hot up here; it feels like it's ninety degrees at least. I’ve only been up for a couple minutes, but I’ve already begun to sweat. At least I can hear them now. Oh great, what do you know? There’re talking about me.

“Are you sure you don’t know where she is?” Als mom asks. “Her mom called me a couple minutes ago, asking if she was over here. I said I’d call her back when I got home.”

“I haven’t seen her since this morning when I – never mind.” Al said.

“What? Since when?”

“Oh, it’s nothing. I uh- got sick at school this morning, but I’m better now.”

“You’re not coming down with anything, are you? You’ve been acting very strange these last few days, are you okay?”

“Yeah, I’m sorry. I’ll be fine; I’ve just been a little stressed out lately.” Al said.

“Oh? Trouble at school?”

“You could say that.” She mumbles. “So…why is everyone looking for Katie?” she asked, trying to change the subject.

“You didn’t hear?”

“Hear what? What happened?” she asked, trying to play innocent. She needs some work on that.

“Katie got expelled.” Her mom said, sounding disappointed. “Now let me ask you something, did you know Katie did drugs, because if you did, and didn’t tell anyone, you are in so much-“she began, sounding threatening.

“Mom, settle down. Katie doesn’t do drugs.”

“So she didn’t tell you.” Al’s mom said, cutting her off, sounding tired. “It’s a shame how people can get caught up with that, Katie of all people! She was always up to no good, but I didn’t think she’d take it that far. She didn’t try to get you into it did she?”

“MOM!” Al said raising her voice in annoyance. “I told you, Katie doesn’t do drugs!”

“Allison.” Her mom said, dropping her voice. “They found drugs in her locker, and apparently a bunch of other stuff as well.” She says, and then goes quiet for a minute. “Now. I don’t want you hanging out with her anymore, and don’t even start. I don’t want you hanging out with people like that. And by the sound of the phone call I had with her mom, I don’t think she’s going to see the light of day for a long, long time.”

Great. I’m not coming down. Ever.

“Mom! How could you think she would do something like that!? You know her! That stuff wasn’t hers!” she yells in my defense.

“You do not use that kind of voice with me! Do you understand?! I don’t know what has gotten into you these last few days, but I’m sick of it!” Her mom yells back “What’s next? Are you going to go out and get in trouble every other day now? Going to call and tell me you’ll be late getting home because you’re in detention?! Huh? She’s a bad influence on you anyway, weren’t you the one always complaining about how she made fun of you for your beliefs?”

Silence. Pure, awkward silence. Oh yeah, and anger. Lot’s of that, from me anyway. My right hand is curled in a fist and the other clamped over my mouth to keep me from yelling out in response.

“She doesn’t do that anymore.” Al mumbles, but it doesn’t sound as if it’s from being defeated. Guess I’m not the only one who’s pissed. “So what if she gets in trouble more then I do; that doesn’t make her a bad friend! Half the fights she gets into is because she was defending me in the first place! She doesn’t do drugs, she doesn’t drink and she doesn’t smoke! That’s my best friend you’re talking about; you can’t tell me I can’t hang out with her anymore because of something she didn’t do in the first place!” Al half yells, half cries.

“I am your mother, I can tell you to do whatever I want. You’re not going to see her, you’re not going to talk to her and that’s final! And I don’t care what you’re going through, you will not speak to me that way again. Do you understand?!”

“Katie is not the type of person you think she is! She’s risking her life to help me save mine! If that’s not a friend than I don’t know what is.” Al says through tears. “Oh, and by the way, she got saved last week!” she yells before storming off to her room.

I silently close the door and roll over onto my back, staring up at the darkness. I can’t believe she would stick up for me like that. I really hope tomorrow works out and whoever responsible is caught. Then Al would be…alive, and acting like her normal hyper self. I would get my name cleared, my mom would realize that stuff wasn’t mine and it would be safe for me to come back home. Oh and yeah…I’d get un-expelled, if that’s possible. Hmm…if this doesn’t work out, does this mean I won’t graduate from high school? I’ll worry about my high school diploma later, I need to make sure Al’s okay. But how? I roll back over and open the door up a little.

“Allison. Come out.” Her mom says, still sounding angry.

“No!”

“Will you at least unlock the door?”

“No! Go away!”

“Fine! Stay in there for all I care!” her mom yells. I hear a door slam across the hall. Hmm…she went into her room. Does this mean it’s safe to come down? I wait a few moments and hear nothing. Okay, I’m coming down, I really need to talk to Al…and use the bathroom.

Note to self: Go to bathroom before willingly hiding in an attic for unknown periods of time.

I quietly lift the lid up, throw my legs over and hop down, the lid coming down with a crash. Uh-oh. I hold my breath and pray no one heard that. A couple moments go by, but no one comes out to investigate. Once I start breathing again, I tip-toe over to Al’s room and try the door. Locked.

I knock softly, but to no reply. I wish I had a hair pin, wait, does that even work? Oh well. I examine the lock for a second, and find that it looks pretty old. I reach into my pocket and pull out my school I.D. Ugh, what a horrible picture, I shudder to myself as I slip it through the crack and jiggle it up and down a few times while trying the door knob. I wonder why she doesn’t hear this. Click.

Wow, I can’t believe that actually worked. I quickly slip inside and close and lock the door behind me. I look over to her bed and find her lying facedown on it with her mp3 player on full blast.

“Al?” Nothing. “Al.” I say louder. Nothing. Hmm…what should I do? If I touch her, she’ll jump five feet in the air and scream bloody murder. In any other situation, I wouldn’t hesitate and would probably fall to the floor laughing. We always do that to each other. But I can’t afford to get caught, and plus, I’m not that mean. Maybe if I just throw something at her… I look around and notice a pillow on the floor. I pick it up and lightly chuck it at her.

“Go away.” She moans into her bed.

“Al, it’s me.” I say, still trying to keep my voice down. Damn it, she can’t hear me. I walk over and tap her on the shoulder, she moans and rolls over, facing me. She then jumps up and yanks the headphones out of her ears.

“What are you doing here.” She hisses at me.

“Making sure you’re alright.” I whisper back.

“What do you mean? I’m fine.” She says, denying the whole thing. She is never going to be an actress for a living.

“I overheard what happened.” I say softly.

“I’m sorry you had to hear that, but you can’t stay in here, if she catches you, we’re both dead.”

“In a minute.” I say as I join her on the bed. “Thanks for sticking up for me.” She doesn’t say anything for a minute; we just sit there in silence for a while.

“My mom’s just being… I don’t know, just forget what you heard. Besides…why were you listening?”

“You left me in an attic to die, I was bored, I heard someone say my name…and it was really hot. I needed air, so I just kind of…popped the top a little.”

“Well, now you know what happens when you eavesdrop on people.”

“Ugh. Will this day ever end?” I moan, falling down on the bed.

“Eh. I don’t mind, it can stay as long as it wants to. I don’t want it to be tomorrow.”

“Remind me again why you can’t just skip school. Because if you’re afraid he’ll think you’re a chicken or something, I got to tell you, it’s not so bad, I should know. I’ve been hiding in your attic for the last hour and a half instead of at home facing my mom.”

“Because, he won’t leave just because I don’t show up. He will come after me.”

“How do you know that?”

She sighs deeply, and then gets up and goes through a drawer and pulls out a couple envelopes. “You’re not the only one who gets these.” She says waving them in the air.

“Why did you never show me these before?” I ask, leafing through them.

“Because yours at least gave us some clues, mine were just saying things like ‘You can’t run from me!’ ‘I can’t wait until we meet!’ ‘Tired yet?’ Just really weird things.”

“Why does he keep asking that?” I ask, while reading the notes.

“Asking what?”

“He keeps asking you if you’re tired. He’s sent you a text message, a phone call, and a letter asking the same thing.”

“Oh. I never noticed that before. That’s weird. Ugh. We need more clues.”

“Yeah…and I need a nap.” I say, yawning.

“Will you stay awake, this is important, we can’t have you sleeping at a time like this!” she says annoyed, then brightens up. “Actually, that’s it! You DO need to take a nap.”

“Huh?” I ask, yawning again.

“We need another dream out of you.”

“Yay. Does this mean I get to sleep?”

“Yep.”

“Yay…but you know…umm…these are my only clothes.”

“So?”

“Well…you know what happens when I fall asleep.” I say, my face going red.

“Oh right, sorry.” She says, getting up and digging through a drawer. “Here you can have these, they don’t even fit.” She says, throwing me an old pair of shorts. Then she throws me a beach towel. “It’s to lay on, the grounds super dusty up there.”

“Thanks.” I say, and then stop, suddenly feeling a breeze in the room. We both look at each other then race towards the window. Just as we suspected, a new note. Addressed to Allison.

The Key To Your Life Rests in Your Hands!

“What the hell?” we both ask, reading it. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“This guy’s on crack or something.” Al said, throwing the letter down in frustration.

“No, actually, he’s on cocaine. That’s what he put in my locker anyway.” I say, picking the letter up off the floor.

“Figures. Well c’mon; you have to go before you get caught. And this time, will you lay off the eavesdropping?”

“Yeah, okay.” I say, about to open the door, but Al stops me.

“Wait a sec. Look at this. It was in the envelope.” Al said, holding up something shiny. A key. I stare at it a moment, then frown. “What’s wrong?” she asks.

“It’s not the same key from my dream.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah, it was yellow, this one’s white.” I say, continuing to stare at it.

“All of this is giving me a headache.” Al said, messaging her head and leading the way out the room. She grabbed a chair again and opened up the door to the attic.

“Hold on.” I said, and raced over to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror and almost screamed. Oops, forgot I was a blond now. When I came back, Al was leaning against the ladder, examining the key in her hands and biting her lip to the point of making it bleed.

“Don’t worry, we’ll figure it out.” I say as I begin to ascend the stairs.

“I hope you’re right.” She says nervously. I hope I’m right too.

I open my cell phone and use it to help guide my way around the darkness. After picking out a spot on the floor, and checking and re-checking about five times for spiders, I turn on the fan and lay down. What else is there to do up here but sleep?

“God.” I whisper. “Help us get through this. This is getting more out of control by the minute. What do these letters mean? Who is responsible for all this? Is this all going to work out in the end, is that why I’m having these nightmares? Can you just, reveal a bit more tonight? Please help me put all the pieces together.” I roll over onto my side, letting the fan blow into my face. It feels so good; I could almost fall as-…

