My Life as a Teenage Bed Wetter - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*033*2015-09-10 02:01

When I came back, no one really paid any attention to my absence, everyone was still too preoccupied staring admiringly (and some not so admiringly) up at out work. I was tempted to tell my mom we did it, but I don’t think she’d believe us even if we told her. I don’t know if she thinks we’re capable of something like this. Except for Jaclyn anyway. My mom’s caught her doing some crazy stuff at our house.

Poor Alex will never fall asleep on the couch again. At least unless he wants another makeover. Although I do think he looked kind of nice with a little eyeliner and lipstick. How he slept through all that, and the laughter coming from us as we watched, I shall never know.

“Did you get yours down?” my mom asked me as we pilled into the car.

“Huh?” I ask, snapping out of my trance.

“Your bras, did you get them down?” she asked again. “There’re expensive. Did you make sure you have all of them?”

“Oh, they didn’t hang ours up.” I say as I glance out the window at Alyssa, who still had the occasional fly buzzing around her.

“Your biology teacher said all the girls had theirs strung up.”

“Nope, not us.” I say again.

“You and Allison didn’t get involved?” she asked doubtfully.

“Or Jaclyn. We were involved, but our clothes didn’t get stuck up there.” I say as I try to control my giggles. I was doing a better job than Al though.

“What’s so funny back there?” she asked, looking at us through her rear view mirror.

“Nothing.” I say.

“Then why is Allison laughing?”

“Oh c’mon. You should know Allison by now. If you say the word ‘pudding’ she’ll start laughing.” Which, wasn’t actually lying. We sat there and watched as my moms eyes grew big and her mouth dropped open.

“You three did… that?!” she says in disbelief, her hand outstretched toward the tree. Al and I just sit there and smile innocently back at her. We could tell there was a battle going on in her head. She didn’t know whether to yell at us or laugh.“But, you couldn’t have done that, could you?” she repeats.

“We had our part.” I say, giving in to the desire of admitting our part in the crime. We watch as it begins to sink in and she laughs.

Phew.

“I take it this was Jaclyn’s idea.” She says.

“Nope.” I say as me and Al begins to laugh quietly in the back seat.

“It wasn’t YOU was it?” she says instantly regretting she asked.

"No, don’t worry. You’ll never guess who.” I say as I watch Al turn a deep reddish color.

“I can’t think of anyone else. Was it that boy you’re always hanging around with?”

“Umm…no, although he helped.” I say, sort of feeling angry at hearing Jamie referred to as “that boy”. She knows his name.

“There’s no one else I can think of.” She says not even bothering asking if Al did it.

“C’mon, she’s sitting here with us in the car.” I say as Al turns a deeper shade of red. My mom’s probably thinking at this point if she accidentally picked up an extra passenger.

“Allison! You thought of this?” she asked not believing it could be true.

“Yep!” Allison says proudly through her completely red face. My mom just shakes her head and mutters about me and Jaclyn rubbing off on her, which only causes me and Al to laugh harder. When we settle down my mom starts talking about how she never likes going down to the lake on account of all the bugs.

“I mean, didn’t you see all the flies buzzing around?” she asks us, which only cracks me and Allison up harder. “Well I’m glad you two seemed to work things out between you. I was afraid you two were fighting when I dropped you guys off. You two were awfully quiet.” The two of us exchange glances, and I give her the keep-your-mouth-shut-or-you’re-dead-look. I totally forgot about that, that was the morning Allison discovered (to my horror, and her amusement…eventually) my little problem. What’s worse is now the nightmares are equally becoming as horrifying as the side affects. I still don’t understand what’s going on. I now believe without a doubt this isn’t normal, I mean, who has continuation dreams that last 3 weeks long?

Not too many people I know. And what was the whole deal with Amanda seeing what I’ve been dreaming? That was really creepy. And of course, the most important question of the day, WHY AM I WETTING THE BED?!?!?!?

The first thing I do when we get home is run straight for the shower. Sure, there were showers there and all. But they also didn’t have any doors. I don’t care how gross I feel, there is NO WAY I’m showering in front of ANYBODY! Besides, there’s no hot water there.

Like always, my mind begins to spin as soon as I turn on the water. Maybe I’m having nightmares because I’m stressed? Failing math is kind of stressful. Or maybe I’m not stressed at all. Maybe I’m too bored, and this is my body’s way of letting me know I need more excitement in my life. No, I’d think last night would have been enough excitement to last me a while. Or a week anyway.

I take a deep breath as I try to focus on something else. I try to concentrate purely on the feel of the warm water hitting my body, and how good it feels, blocking out everything else. I look up and watch as all the steam escapes the shower and wanders into the rest of the bathroom, fogging up the mirror.

“Go to the bathroom before bed.” flashes through my mind, as clearly as if it was spoken. The same unrecognizable voice. The voice, being neither male nor female. Just a plain flat voice.

I try to shake it out of my head and turn around so the water crashes onto my face. I picture it washing away my thoughts, washing away what’s been going on in my head. I take some more deep breaths. I hear banging on the bathroom door.

“Hurry up! You’re going to use all the hot water!” Al yells at me through the door.

I don’t want to get out though. I don’t want to go out face the world. I just want to stay in here, letting the water drown all of my troubles. And not having to deal with anything, just stay in here by myself. But Al was right, I could feel the water getting colder, I was taking up all the hot water. I take a last deep breath and turn off all the knobs. Then feel around outside the curtain for a towel until my hand touches something fluffy. I throw it over my head, focusing on its softness on my face. Focusing on anything besides what’s happening. I repeatedly drag it up and down over my hair, attempting to dry it, wondering how badly it’s going to tangle because of this.

I have a hair dryer, but I don’t ever use it. I don’t even own a hair straightener, curler or anything like that. I just towel dry it and let it be, until my mom gets on my case about brushing it, only to get her to stop bugging me. I mean yeah, I brush it in the morning and whatnot, my hair sticks out everywhere in the morning. But I don’t rush to the bathroom after every class to fix those couple stray strands of hair that are out of place. I really couldn’t care less about them. Hair isn’t my thing. Or really anything girly. I don’t wear make-up, or carry a purse; I mean c’mon that’s why we have backpacks. Who needs a purse? It’s just another annoying thing to carry around all day.

Jaclyn thinks I’m weird because of that, but that’s coming from someone who carries a new one once a week. She has like fifty of them in her closet, all in perfect condition. When I ask her why she has so many, she just shrugs her shoulders and says that she found something better. All I can say, it’s a good thing she isn’t into brand names. I love Jaclyn though, she can be sarcastic sometimes, err…okay most of the time. But she’s still a good friend. Sometimes it seems like we could never be more different, but we always seem to be laughing at the same thing. She knows how to get me to laugh about my insecurities, but she knows where not to go. She, thankfully, knows when to stop. She may seem shallow at times, but I know somewhere, deep, deeeep down inside, there’s a part of her that has emotions besides sarcasm, if that’s even an emotion. I know she has them, but she just hides them.

Jaclyn just says it’s because she lives with four guys. Three brothers and her dad (her mom died when she was little) so emotions aren’t really a thing in her house. Or as she sometimes puts it, a Hallmark store. But the rest of us just call it a heart. She has this weird thing about referring emotions with Hallmark. She says it’s because she went in ther once to get a birthday card, and she found everything under the sun for every possible emotion. Everything except a birthday card, they ran out.

Then there’s Allison, we just call her Al for short. We’re too lazy to say the extra two syllables. Jaclyn sometimes refers to her as the Hallmark manager. It’s just because Al seems to be the only one actually capable of controlling them. She’s not afraid to get all mushy and sentimental on us, but I like her that way. I’m sure Jaclyn does too, she just pretends not to.

Allison lives with her mom; she’s an only child, so it’s just her and her mom. She says she never met her dad; he apparently walked out just after Al was born. I feel bad for her, but she says she doesn’t mind too much. She likes it just being her and her mom. If you look at her and how she acts, you’d never know she was an only child. Most people I know who are an only child are usually snotty and selfish. But that’s like the opposite of Allison.

She’s always thinking of other people, ignoring her own feelings to help others. It’s one of the things I love about her.

She also has this weird thing, she’s more in touch with my emotions then I am. She can put her finger on it; explain exactly how I’m feeling when I can’t make heads or tails about it. It’s a wonder why she doesn’t take psychology classes.

I get dressed and make a feeble attempt to comb out my hair. The comb painfully stopping from a knot positioned on the back of my head. After a few painful moments of this I give up and just wait until my mom jumps on me about it.

I hear Allisons cell phone ring a couple times

“Hello?” I hear on the other side of the door. “Hello?” Allison says again. “Who is this?” I hear her snap her phone shut and then moan in frustration.

What was that about?

I open the door and let all the steam escape, a blast of cold air meeting my face.

“Who was that?” I ask as I throw my wet tell in the corner of the bathroom. She shrugs her shoulders and says, “Wrong number I guess.” I see her fidget uncomfortably, and tap her fingers on the desk in the corner that she stood next to.

“What?” I ask noticing she begins to move.

“What?” she asks me, realizing what she was doing.

“You’re fidgeting, you never fidget, what’s up?”

“Oh sorry. It’s nothing.” She says as she fails to meet my eyes. I know instantly that she’s lying, but I don’t pursue it. If she wants to tell me, she’ll tell me. Okay, I want to know.

“No it wasn’t.” I say, pursuing the matter.

“Yes, it was.” She says glaring at me. Whoa…settle down.

She slumps into my computer chair and browses on-line as we discuss the events of this morning and last night.

“I got to say, I love her nickname, Lord of the Flies seems to suit her so well.” I say as I lay back on my bed, that of which Allison will not go near.

“Yeah, did you see her face when all the flies shot out of that can?” She said as she browsed through her friends Myspace profiles.

“I wasn’t expecting that either. I can’t believe that worked out so perfectly. It really was a good trip. Minus the whole it-was-the-most-embarrassing-thing-I-ever-had-to-endure part. I could have done without that.” I say as I grab a magazine off my nightstand and start flipping through it, looking for something the least bit remotely interesting to me. I don’t even know why I get these. I’m neither interested in fashion nor make up, and that just about covers everything in these things. I think my mom has hopes that if I read these, there’s the slightest possibility I’ll learn something a teenage girl my age is supposed to know, or care about. Being that I don’t care about what I should be getting my non-existent boyfriend for Valentines Day, or how some celebrity got dumped. I find them of no value to me.

I toss it aside and get up to see what Allison’s laughing at over on the computer. I look over to see pictures on Jamie’s Myspace from our little adventure, taken from a camera phone. She browses around the pages as I soon realize Jamie’s page isn’t the only one with pictures of our night.

There’s a nice shot of our bra tree, one of Alyssa gagging after running out of the cabin, and a really good one of our Biology teacher getting pelted by flies as he opened the girls cabin door. There’s apparently a bunch more pictures, some good, some making me want to kill the photographer. Like for instance me, getting the blankets pulled off. But I’m not the only one though, there’s also one Alyssa after she jumped out of bed without realizing her morning surprise, and she also has a head full of shaving cream. I printed that one.

“What was your nightmare?” Al asks me after we log off and crash out on the floor.

“Huh?” I ask sitting up to look at her.

“You had a nightmare last night. What was it about?” she asks looking up at the ceiling.

“Oh,” I say thinking back to what happened at the cemetery.

I tell her about Alyssa’s funeral, and how my mom was there and how I followed her to my tombstone. Allison doesn’t say anything at first, she just lays there and watches the dusty, black ceiling fan spin around a few times, spewing invisible dust in the air. She always seems to be so lost in thought whenever I tell her about it. I can tell by the expression on her face that she really wants to figure this out. I do too, I really do. It’s just confusing. It’s almost more confusing then Algebra…almost. Now that’s something I will NEVER understand. Maybe one day I’ll understand the meaning of these nightmares, but Algebra will never have a purpose in my life.

I suddenly get a thought that has never occurred to me before. Could these be premonitions? A warning about what’s to come? Is that actually possible?

My mind begins the swarm with a whole new view of the situation. Is Allison really in danger?Are people’s lives really at stake here? My mind jumps from one horrifying thought to another.Has God entrusted me with the lives of two teenage girls and my own? If so…we’re doomed.

“Want to get something to eat?” I ask, trying to distract my mind from frightening myself any further. Al snaps out of her trance and looks up.

“Sure.” She says as she hops up off the floor, gladly welcoming a distraction herself. We walk downstairs and I freeze. My heart pounding as I see what has been placed onto the table.“What’s wrong?” Al asks me and I stop abruptly in front of her.

“Waffles.” I mutter under my breath to her.

“Oh, yay, I love waffles. What’s wrong, do you not like them?” she asks slightly bewildered by my facial expression as she looks back from them to me, trying to find a missing piece somewhere. It’s not that I don’t like waffles, I love waffles. But that’s the problem. My mom only makes waffles when she has something bad she needs to tell me. Last time she made these, Alex ran over my cat with his car. He swears it was an accident; that quote unquote “the stupid thing was sleeping behind his tire.”

“Oh good, you’re here.” She says to me as she places another plate on the table. I eye her suspiciously, trying to figure out what’s happened. She notices this and smiles innocently back at me.“I made breakfast,” she says.

“Yes…I can see that.” I say, not moving my eyes off her.

“Oh, just sit down.” She says to me. I look over to see Allison’s already done just that. I sigh and do as she says, keeping my guard up. I know as soon as I finish the last bite, out spills the bad news. I eat as slow as I can, chewing slowly and pausing longer between bites. After I can’t possibly drag it out any longer, and all the plates have been cleared my mother clears her throat. I prepare myself, willing myself for whatever she throws at me.

“So, Katie.” She begins, trying (poorly I might add) to sound casual. “While you were gone-“

I cross my fingers under the table and chant inside my head you didn’t look under my bed; you didn’t look under my bed. Please, please don’t tell me you looked under my bed.

“I met with Mr.Brockson, your math teacher. We’ve set up a plan to help with your math scores.” I take a deep breath as the nervous jitteriness slowly works its way out of my body and the color returns to my face. That was close.“You’re going to be attending after school tutoring sessions with him.” She continues. Oh great, like that’s any better. “Until your math grade improves.” She finishes, waiting for me to respond. I quietly moan to myself. Leave it to my mom to do something like this. Terrific.

“So, when does this…experience start?” I ask, dreading the answer.

“Wednesday. He has to leave directly after school ends tomorrow.” She says somewhat startled that I’m not putting up a fight. And usually I would, I would fight it with every being of my body, but I haven’t really been in a fighting mood. I guess I’m a little stressed from all that’s been going on lately.

My mom, who’s quite curious why I’m not fighting the matter, asks me what’s wrong. I just shake my head. But before I can stop her Allison blurts it out.

“She’s been having nightmares.” she says to my mom. I shoot her the evil eye from between my arms.

“Oh?” she asks quite interested in this little piece of information. “Is this true?” I shrug my shoulders. “Why didn’t say anything before?” she asks.

I shrug my shoulders again and respond with a, “It’s no big deal.” She looks at me for a moment, then forgets about it and carries on with whatever she was doing before.

Me and Al head back up to my room, where I’m soon given the third degree.

“Why didn’t you tell your mom about this?” she asks.

“Because I didn’t, and don’t, want to.” I say crashing onto my bed.

“Why not?” she asks.

“Why would I? The less she knows, the better.” I say, pointlessly picking up another magazine. I look over to see here staring hard at me. I sigh and sit up. “Look.” I say “It’s just something I don’t really want to involve my mom with. She wouldn’t really understand.”

“Why, she seemed concerned enough.”

“She’s just going to give me another one of her tiring speeches about hormones.” I love my mom, I really do, but hormones aren’t the cause of every problem. I could come home with a broken foot, and she’d seriously find some way to bring hormones in with the conversation. That’s my mom for you.

A familiar tune fills the air and I turn to find the source, which seems to be coming from Al’s pocket. Allison quickly snatches up her cell phone and answers it, almost like she was expecting someone to call. I watch as the color slowly drains from her face. Who is she talking to?

“Who is this?” she demands. “Hello?” She snaps the phone closed in frustration and thrusts it back into her pocket. She waves her hands over her face and through her hair, as she falls down on my bed. Okay, I know something’s up, especially if she’s too distracted to be willing to come near my bed, let alone LAY on it.

“What’s wrong?” I ask hanging my head over her. She looks at me through her fingers and mutters something under her breath. “Huh?” I ask, unable to understand a word she just said.

“Nothing.” She says. “Wrong number.”

I want to scream “Liar!” but I don’t. Instead I just furrow my eyebrows at her, wishing she’d tell me what’s going on. But she doesn’t. She just looks the other way, then gets up and heads over to the computer. I can only shake my head and wonder what that was all about. The rest of the day goes on normal enough, no more mysterious phone calls anyway.

It’s soon almost 11 PM and my mom comes in and tells us to go to bed, that just because Al is over doesn’t change the fact that it’s still a school night. Then she teases me and tells me to have “sweet dreams” I roll my eyes and climb into bed after throwing some more towels over the mattress and under the sheets. I might as well just sleep on them now, it’s becoming too persistent not to. And I don’t think my mom will appreciate me turning another couple sets of sheets a different color.

“Night.” I mutter to Al.

“Night, keep it dry up there.” She says giggling.

“Ha Ha.” I say pulling the covers up over my head. I turn on my back and face the ceiling. “Why am I having these nightmares?” I whisper as I roll back over to my side. I begin to feel drowsy; I close my eyes and wait for it to end.

*035*2015-09-10 02:46

I look around; there are a couple beat up old cars to my right. Old worn out asphalt coats what appears to be a small parking lot. In front of me I see a few doors. About six of them, I look above them to see a second story which contains six more doors, identical to the ones below it. All painted a bland brown color; the color reminds me of dried blood. Something is urging me onward; I look to my left to see a giant Motel 6 sign.

My guts’ urging me to walk up to the doors, so I do. I walk slowly down the corridor of the first set of doors. But something tells me it’s not what I’m looking for, if I’m even looking for something. I feel a strange sensation in my stomach, like nervous butterflies fluttering around, pressing me to go up the stairs. The feeling growing stronger as I walk up each step, my breath coming in short and raspy. My hands begin to feel clammy as I get closer to the top. But I’m not scared, more like a nervous excitement. I feel like I’m getting a big break; a breakthrough, a possible clue.

The feeling growing stronger with each step, I walk past the first door, but something tells me it’s not it. I continue down to the next, but once again my gut tells me to keep going. I continue down to the third, the feeling intensifying by three. I continue, slowly pacing down, but the farther away from the third door I get, the looser the knot in my stomach becomes. I turn around and go back to the third door.

I look up at the motel’s doors number, the number 27 staring down back at me. I feel a sudden urge to knock. My hand forms a fist and lightly taps on the door.

Nothing. I rap harder. Still nothing. I begin to bang on the door with my fist, the door opens, but no one appears to be there.

I look in, but it’s completely dark and smells like its occupant hasn’t bathed or changed clothes in…weeks. My feet propel me inside, the knot in my stomach growing tighter with every step I take. I inch my way forward inside.

I walk into the center of the room, and the door slams closed with a bang. Drowning the room in complete darkness, I swirl around, trying to see who closed the door. But it’s useless; I can’t even see my hand in front of my face.

I try to attempt to control the sound of my breathing, waiting until even deep breaths escape my mouth before pressing onward. I inch further into the room, feeling around for a light switch. My hand feels a dimmer; I turn it up, but not all the way, filling the room with an eerie orange glow. I look behind me to see who closed the door, but there’s no one behind me. I look forward where I see a news bulletin board. I walk up to it, my heart pounding as I get closer. I look at the articles pinned onto it. The first reads: Fast growing Bible Community at Camarillo High I stare at it, and notice a picture of Allison next to it, revealing the fact that she’s the president. Weird.

Why would someone have that pinned up? I look toward the next article, another one about Allison. What’s going on? I stand back and look over all of them…all of them about Allison.I step back in shock, what’s happening? Whose are these? Why are all of these about Allison? I stumble back into a door, it opens and I fall into the room. I look around and notice it’s a dark room. There are pans sitting on a table with some kinds of liquid in them. I look at a close line stretching across the length of the room. Close pins every few inches apart from each other, each holding up a developed picture. I walk towards them. The first one is of Allison.

She’s standing by her locker, pulling a book out. Chills run down my back and I rip my eyes away and stare at the second one. Again it’s of Allison. This time she’s sitting at a picnic bench reading a book. I look at them all at once…there all of her, doing random stuff, at school, and walking home. There are a couple of all of us hanging out, but other than that, it’s just her. There must have been at least 30 photos.

A small whimper escapes my mouth. What’s happening?! I turn around to run out, but am stopped by a man, the man from my dreams. He smiles, the same smile before he kills. He comes up to me and leans in, and whispers into my ear, “You should have minded your own business.”

I scream at the top of my lungs, hoping to gain someone’s attention to this room. I feel a sharp pain in my stomach, and look down to see a knife thrust into it. I try to scream some more, but that all that comes out is inaudible whimpers and gasps for air. I try again and succeed. All I end up doing is waking me up from my own screams.

“Go to the bathroom before bed!” says the same voice I’ve heard every night for the past two weeks. The voice I’ve grown to hate.

Al is standing over me, and so is my mom. Both nervously looking at me, not sure what to do.

My breath is coming in short painful gasps. My body is hot and sticky from sweat. I realize I’m in my room, that it was just a nightmare, but that’s not all I know. I also know Al is in danger, and that she’s being stalked.

I try to take deep breaths, to try and stop my body from shaking so much

“Katie?” my mom begins, but then stops.

“What did you dream about?” Al asks me, noticing how she’s as pale well…me.

“You.” I say, still shaking a bit.

“You were screaming my name.” she says biting her bottom lip. “You were freaking out and screaming, so that’s when I got your mom.” I nod and look up at the clock; it’s five in the morning.

“Katie” my mom says again. “What’s been going on? Why haven’t you told me about this?” I shrug my shoulders and look down. She sighs and joins me on the bed, which causes me to yank the covers towards me.

“Allison told me about your nightmares. And I saw you thrashing around and screaming when I came in here, a little bit before you woke up.”

“How long were you in here for?” I ask, feeling like a freak on display in my own room.

“Long enough to know this isn’t normal.” She says staring down on me with concern. I nod again, knowing I need to talk to Allison; I don’t have time for this.

“I need to talk to Al for a minute.” I say continuing to stare at the floor. She doesn’t move for a moment, just continues to stare at me. She finally gets up, kisses the top of my head then leaves. Al gets up and closes the door. Thank God.

I rummage around in one of my drawers, pull out some fresh clothes, get up and head to the bathroom. But Al stops me.

“Katie.” She whispers, barley audible.

“What?” I snap, thinking she’s referring to my pants. “It’s nothing you haven’t seen before.” She shakes her head and points a little bit above, at my stomach. I look down at my shirt and gasp. My white shirt now has a fresh red stain in it; I begin to notice a painful stinging coming from my stomach. I look back up at her. She’s paler than I’ve ever seen her. I hesitate a moment, then pull up my shirt for the two of us to see, revealing a fresh gash across it.

Neither of us say anything, we just gasp. I can’t believe it…That’s right where I got stabbed in my dream.We go in the bathroom and wash it off, revealing it was only a small cut, not very deep, just long. I stick band aids across it then walk back over to my bed, looking for the culprit. Al lets me handle the bed search by myself. I look it over several times, but I can’t find anything. Al comes over and gives it a quick glance.

“What’s that?” she asks pointing at something shiny sticking out of one of the towels. I grab it and pull it out. A safety pin, needle side up.

“I must have rolled onto it in my sleep.” I say as the both of us breathe a sigh of relief.

A cold chill sweeps through the room, I look over to see my window open.“Did you open the window?” I ask, noticing how cold it was.

“I thought you opened it, it was open when I woke up.” She says.

“I never open it…” I say as I go to close it. Something on the window sill catches my eye. It’s an envelope. Addressed to…me. I open the window back up and pull it inside.

“What’s that?” Al asks coming closer. I shake my head at read the scribble on the front. Written in read runny ink…almost like…blood. Doesn’t look like any ink I’ve ever seen. And it’s still wet. This is the second story, how did it get up here? Did someone climb up to the roof and stick it up here?

I open the envelope to find a folded piece of paper, folded into four squares. I unfold it and gasp. Written in the same red liquid are the words:

I know you’re having nightmares about me!

Stay out of my way!

Or else I will turn your LIFE into a nightmare!

I gasp, what’s going on? How does he know I’m having nightmares about him?! Who put this outside my window? Was it him? The man from my dream like he says it is? I drop the note onto the floor and start shaking and sobbing uncontrollably. Allison looks from me then to the note on the floor. She picks it up and reads it, a loud gasp escaping from her lips.

“I’m getting your mom.” She says getting up.

“No wait. I have to tell you something!” I take a deep breath and wonder where to start. “Someone is stalking you. The man who wrote this note is the same man in my nightmares, the one that kills you.” I take another deep breath, trying to keep emotion from showing in my voice, but I’m not doing a very good job of it. “He lives in a motel; there are pictures, lots of pictures, at least 30…of you.”

“What...?” she asks her voice beginning to tremble. She jumps up and a second later reappears with my mom. She looks at me, then at my pajama bottoms, which I was stupid enough not to immediately change, and gives me another concerned look.

“I can explain.” I say, trying to cover myself with a pillow.

“What’s happened to you?” she whispers. But I realize she wasn’t looking at my pants at all, but at my stomach, where all the blood is on my shirt.

“Oh, that. I rolled onto a safety pin in my sleep.” I say, still hiding behind a pillow.

Her eye brows furrow at me and she replies with, “Katie…did you..? She asks slowly after looking from me to my bed, then back at me, motioning with her hand to what I was trying to hide behind the pillow. I hang my head in despair as she walks up and takes the pillow away. I keep my head down as I grab the clothes I had sitting on the bed that I was going to change into and run into the bathroom. Maybe I’ll just stay in here. For an hour or two, or maybe ten. After five minutes I hear a knock at the door, but I don’t answer it. I just pretend not to exist. Maybe they’ll just go away.

I can hear the two of them talking; Al’s probably catching my mom up to speed with the whole thing. I look down and realize I still have the note in my hand. I study it for a few minutes, wondering what was used to write it, it’s too big to be a pen, it’s definitely handwritten. Chills go up my back. Okay it can’t be LITERALY handwritten. The most disturbing image goes through my mind. I see a hand, the other poking one of its fingers with a needle just enough to get it to bleed a little, then using it as a pen.

I try to shake the idea out of my head; it’s probably just a red marker. If you get it wet it will run like that.

I change and wait, not quite ready to go back out yet. I can still hear them talking to each other. A couple minutes later someone knocks on the door again.

“Katie, come out.” My mom pleads. “Allison told me what’s been going on.”I don’t say anything; I just stand there still sort of shaking from everything, staring at the door. I can’t stay in here forever so I finally decide to come out. I open the door a crack, and see my mom standing by the door; her back turned looking towards Allison. I take a deep breath, muster the last bit of courage I have, and walk out, note in tow. “Katie.” My mom says when she realizes I’ve come out. I don’t say anything, I just hand her the note. She pauses a moment, trying to read my expression, then takes the note from me.

I watch as I see her face go white, then red, then an almost green color, then back to white. She looks up from the note to me, her eyes slightly watering.

I guess we shouldn’t have dumped this on her all at once. I notice her hands are slightly shaking. She just shakes her head and sits down at the computer chair. The room becomes quiet, an eerie kind of quiet.

“Katie, what did you dream about tonight?” she asked, sounding dead serious. So I told her about being at a Motel 6, going in one of the rooms and seeing all this stuff devoted to Allison, then about him catching me and telling me I should have minded my own business, then getting stabbed in the stomach.

She looks at my nightshirt again, blood streaking across it. Coincidence? I think not.

This is so not how I wanted my sophomore year of high school to turn out.

*037*2015-09-10 05:38

By the time the sun slowly rises. we are already up and dressed, none of us could go back to sleep after last night. Except my mom anyway.

Do you want to know how much a help she is? She thinks this is all a prank, revenge for the whole bra tree thing she says. I’m not joking.

Last night after we calmed ourselves down, she announces it has to be a prank. That there’s no one after us, and that we are all completely safe. If only that were true. She says it’s because when Alyssa read my journal out, she announced to everyone I was having nightmares. Someone must have put together that morning with the tree incident and linked me to the tree. It's revenge for freezing their bras and hanging them out for the boys to see.

Thanks mom, thanks a whole lot!

Why can’t I be normal? Why can’t I be bothered by normal teenage girl stuff? Like for instance my hair, or if so-and-so likes me?

No. Not me, I have to worry about whether or not me and my best friend are being stalked by some psychopath. Just peachy.

So, with my mom blowing the whole thing off as a prank, she sends us off to school. Damn. I was hoping this "being stalked" thing had some perks like, for instance, it’s too dangerous to go to school so I get to stay home. Nope. I have to go to school with the possibility of someone taking pictures of us. Life just can’t get any better than this.

At least Al believes me, being it’s also her life that’s in danger as well as mine. That is unless I mind my own business. But how can I mind my own business at a time like this? My best friend is getting stalked, there is no way I’m going to just sit back and let her get killed. No way. Even if no one else believes me.

Before we left I grabbed all my necessary things, cell phone, house keys, and brass knuckles.

Yes, I have a pair of brass knuckles. I’ve never actually USED them or anything. I found them at a thrift store, and I thought it would be fun to intimidate guys with them. Who in their right mind would mess with a girl who owns a pair of brass knuckles? Only one being of the physco stalker persuasion that’s who. Okay my mom totally doesn’t know I have them, she’d take them from me faster than I could come up with an excuse as to why I have them in the first place. She would freak.

You should have seen the look I got from the lady working the checker when I bought them. I was like twelve, hair in braids and everything, the perfection reflection of innocence. Coming up to the counter, giving off a cute big smile, then CLUNK! On the counter it goes. She must have stared at me for a full five minutes before she rang it up. She even asked me if I knew what it was.

I just nodded and smiled sweetly at her, waiting patiently for her to finish so I could high-tail it out of there before she changed her mind.

I’m still in shock, four years later, that she actually sold them to me. That, and the fact that they were illegal, can’t believe they were even selling them there. Especially to a twelve year old.

Oh well, guess they needed the money or something. The important thing is that I have them now so I have some form of protection.

I realized ,to my dismay, as soon as we got to school, looking over our shoulder for psychotic stalking photographers along the way, that I was going to have to ditch them in my locker. If I got caught with them on school grounds, being that they are considered a weapon, I’d either be suspended or be in detention from now till I graduate, or probably expelled.

They also say you’re supposed to be suspended for fighting, but all they do with me is moan, tell me “Didn’t we already have this talk” type lecture and give me a week of detention.Being that those options don’t sound all that much appealing to me, I don’t really want to take any chances. I walk down to my locker to stick them in there.

I can never remember the combination, so anyone who knows me well knows what I do. I scratch it into the corners of the locker.

I look up at the tiny scratched in number in the upper left hand corner, turn the knob to the left, look up at the upper right side, turn the knob to the right. Then finally look at the bottom for the final digit.

Click.

If you looked in there, you’d never know it belonged to a girl. No cases of makeup or hand bags inside. I don’t ever use my locker, being that it is inconveniently located in the middle of nowhere. I haven’t a single class in this area. So my locker serves for more of a personal trashcan than anything.

I stuff it in the back behind a couple books and stuff, then close it and take off.

Word travels pretty fast in a high school. Not only has everyone heard of the stunt we pulled at the lake, they already have pictures.

A certain one of them, which I shall not mention, had been taped to the front of my locker. It’s now in many pieces sitting in the bottom of a trash can.

At least that’s not the only one going around; there are plenty of good ones going around Alyssa. That at least makes me feel a smidge bit better, knowing I’m not the only one suffering here. I’m surprised I’m taking this so well, normally I’d go hunt down the person who did this and break their nose. I guess there are just other things on my mind.

The whole nightmare thing must really be taking a toll on my body, I feel so incredibly tired today. All through my first few subjects I could barely keep my eyes open. So pretty much nothings changed there. I only perked up a bit at lunch, guess who’s sitting with us: Jamie, Josh, and Anthony.

I actually don’t mind his friends so much. There’re kind of cool…in a geeky sort of way. But look whose talking; I’m queen of the geeks. Oh well, I guess it beats being Lord of the Flies.

Josh is apparently an expert lock picker, brags he can pick any lock in the school.

Maybe he can pick the lock for the broken down girls bathroom next to my World History class. The stupid things been out of order since I started coming here in the first place. “Renovations” they say. Well hurry it up already; I’m sick of walking a half a mile every time I have to go to the bathroom, only to have to wait half an hour in a mile long line.

I’m seriously about to fall asleep in my cafeteria mush they call food. I’m going to die during P.E. At least it’s only Tuesday, due to the whole biology thing we got Monday off to rest and whatnot, so we don’t have to run. I’d probably fall asleep in the grass if we did.

“Are you okay?” Jamie asks me as Jaclyn and Josh fight over which band rocks the most. Al hasn’t said that much either though; guess we’re both a little out of it today.

“Yeah, I’m okay, just tired.” I say, lifting my head back up and giving him a fake reassuring smile.

“Did anything happen last night?” he asks. Huh? How would he know if anything happened? Is my mom right? Did he put the card there to scare me after I opened up to him at Bio camp as some mean joke? “You just seem so out of it.” He continues “Did you have another nightmare?” Okay sure, I’m suspicious of him, but I can’t help it. There’s this weird little fluttering in my stomach when he asked, and I’m pretty sure my face turned a bright shade of pink. Argh I need to snap out of it, I need to stay focused. But those eyes!

Those electric blue magnets that pull me into answering his questions. I nod, my eyes still locked onto his.“What was it about?” he asks after a long awkward pause. I was probably going to answer too, but the bell rings.

“Sorry, I got to go.” I say as I jump up, welcoming the excuse. I run over to the gym, okay I wasn’t exactly running, more like forcefully dragging my butt over there. I don’t know if I can make it through the rest of the day.

There is one thing I’ve learned. When playing volleyball, don’t fall asleep. That’s what happened.

We were playing volleyball for P.E. and I kind of dozed off, and the next thing I know I’ve got a face full of volleyball. Apparently during my little nap, someone spiked the ball, and it smashed right into my face. Now I’ve got a nosebleed.

At first the teachers all, “Walk it off!” until she saw the blood anyway. Then she sent me straight to Amanda’s office. I made a little detour on my way to grab my backpack out of the locker room. I’m tired; maybe she’ll let me go home. When I got there, I could see she was busy with some guy claming to have a “Stomach ache.”

I could tell by the expression on his face he was totally faking it so he could go home early. That or he’s a total wimp. Guys could not last a day with menstrual cramps. He doesn’t know the word of stomach ache. I turn around and think I’ll come back later when she wasn’t busy and all, but she already saw me.

“Katie! Glad you’re here, I’ll be with you in a minute, have a seat.” She calls out from the back room.

I decline the offer of taking a seat. I don’t want to go in with a nosebleed and come out with the stomach flu. Instead I go up to the sink and stare at my reflection in the mirror. There’s blood all over my face, and on my lips. I grab a paper towel wet it down in the sink and hold it up to my nose, attempting to wipe all the blood off. I look down and notice there’s a nice collection of it down the front of my shirt, at least it was just my gym shirt.

I stare in the mirror, watching behind me as Amanda gives in to the guys’ complaints and sends him home with a note. Probably more so to get rid of him than anything.

She gets up and escorts him out, and as soon as he is out and down into the office, she motions for me to go into the back room, while following suit behind me and closes the door.

“Hello, Katie.” She says as she turns a chair around, sitting in it facing me. She motions for me to sit down on the bed. I hesitate a moment, trying not to think about how many sick kids have sat here before me. But if most are like that one guy, I think I’ll live. I sit down, sitting as far on the edge as I can.

“You don’t look so good, are you feeling okay?” she asks, studying my face.

“I’m just tired, I actually was sent because of my nose. It was bleeding a little, got hit with a volleyball.” I say motioning to the blood that dripped down the front of me.

“Oh,” she says getting up to look a little better. After she finishes poking and prodding it, despite my desperate pleas not to, she gets up and gets me a bag of ice which I gladly accept and hold to my nose.

“Anything else bothering you?” she asks, seeing right through my insistencies that I’m fine. After a few minutes I give in and tell her about the nightmare I had last night, and about how I woke up with my stomach bleeding from the pin. She listens through the whole thing, not saying anything until I finished.

“There’s more isn’t there?” she asks, staring into my eyes.

“It’s real.” I say barley above a whisper. “Something happened last night. Something outside of a dream. Something real that confirms these dreams aren’t well…dreams.” I say as I dig through my backpack and pull out a sandwich bag containing the letter inside the envelope.

I pull out the envelope addressed to me and hand it to her. She thoroughly looks the front over before turning it to the back and opening it up. She takes out the folded over paper and slowly unreels it, revealing the red lettering I’ve memorized by heart. She gives it one read through and looks back up at me.

I begin to start shaking again. She seems a little edgy herself, as she folds the paper back up and sticks it back in the envelope. She puts it back in the bag, handing it back to me as if it burns at the mere sight of it.

“Where did you find this?” she asked, no longer able to hide the trembling in her voice.

“Outside my window.” I say, my voice also raising few octanes. “Right after I woke up. My window was open, and there it was, just sitting there. Still wet and everything.” I start to feel dizzy from exhaustion, and am having a hard time sitting up.

“I want you to go home.” She says after a minute of thought. “Get some sleep. Lock all the doors and windows. I think we are in need of another nightmare.”

Okay normally I’d object, I so did not want to have any more nightmares, it’s driving me straight to the ground. But I heard one word I wanted desperately. Sleep.

So I agree, grab my backpack, a written note from her to get off campus, and in case anything happens like the envelope, her cell phone number to call.

I thank her and start the endless journey home, my head pounding with each step as I begin to wonder if I’ll be able to make it home. My heart rate picking up more heavier with every movement.

"I’m half way there," I tell myself as I drag my legs forward with each step. Each time I move them, the heavier they feel, my eyelids like tiny weights attached to my face. Three-fourths of the way there. I’m practically panting now, breathing as if I’ve just been running. "Just a little bit farther," I tell myself. My eyes begin to burn. How badly I want to close them. To just lay down in the grass and not get up.

I can see my house, just a little bit further I tell my legs. My feet feel like they must weigh fifty pounds each at least. I’m having an extremely hard time breathing, short painful gasps coming out; everything’s starting to fade out. I stumble around with my house keys trying to fit it into the slot, I can barley make out what I’m doing, all I know is I want to just give up and lay down on the porch. I unlock the door, close and lock it behind me.

I stare up at the stair case; I don’t think I can do it. And I don’t know how I did, but I somehow managed it make it up all 19 steps and into my room where I collapsed onto my bed. The last thing I remember is praying.

“God please, even if it's just tonight. No nightmares.” I plead and close my burning eyes for the rest of the day and all night.

*039*2015-09-10 17:44

My mom’s shaking me awake; I roll over and open my eyes to see what she wants. And to my surprise it’s already morning.

“How are you feeling?” she asks as I close my eyes again.

“Tired.” I moan back up at her, angry for waking me up.

“You’ve been asleep for last eighteen hours. Yesterday afternoon the school nurse called me and said she sent you home to get some sleep, but I didn’t know you were this tired.” I give another moan up at her and roll over in the opposite direction just wishing she’d just let me go back to sleep.“Do you really want to stay home in bed all day?” she asks disapprovingly. I would like nothing more. I pull the covers over my head as a sign of approval. I hear a deep sigh come from her then something about how she needs to go to work, and then she leaves. Yes!

I unglued myself from bed, trying my best to ignore the dizzy sensation, and wobble over to the bathroom.

Okay this proves it’s the nightmares fault! If I can sleep for 18 hours straight without wetting the bed, but can’t after 4 hours with a nightmare, this proves it. Sixty seconds later I’m back in bed and covers completely covering my head. Another eighteen hours of this doesn’t sound so bad.

I look around the room, there's a black sofa sitting in the corner with a computer in another. A picture of fruit hanging from one of the neutral painted walls. The carpet a deep blue color, judging by its condition, there’s a noticeable no shoe rule. I’m in Allison’s living room.

A loud buzzing noise suddenly fills the room, as I see Allison’s mom coming down the hall to answer the phone. I quickly try to think of an excuse as to why I’m suddenly standing in the middle of her house. I run into the kitchen as to not be seen. I peek out the kitchen door, careful not to be seen. She walks out into the living room and picks up a phone.

“Hello?” she says. I see her face scrunched up in confusion for a few moments. Then turn white. “Who is this?” she demands.

Okay I’ll admit, I’m curious now. I walk further into the kitchen, unable to stop myself, and pick up the receiver. I mean what if this is the same person calling Al?

I hold it up to my ear and hear a deep male voice say, “You know who this is.” There are a few deep breaths coming from the other side; almost as if she’s been dreading this phone call for a long, long time. Her voice sounds shaky and nervous.

“I thought I told you never to contact us.” There’s silence for a few moments, she seems to be holding her breath.

“It’s been what? At least thirteen years and that’s all you’re going to say to me?” There’s a certain confidence about his voice that gives me the chills. Like he knows exactly what he’s doing, and nobody’s going to stand in his way. I know that voice from somewhere, but I can’t figure out where.

“What do you want, Ryan?” she says angrily and scared at the same time. Ryan? His names Ryan?

“You know what I want.” Ryan says the same eerie confidence in his voice. I can almost picture a sick twisted smile on his face.

“No!” she raises her voice into the receiver. My hands begin to sweat, the phone becoming slippery and wet inside my hands. Who is this? And why do I have this feeling in my stomach that I know him from somewhere?

“It’s my turn.” He says.

“No! You can’t!” she yells and slams the phone down. I peek out and notice she is lying on the couch, her head in her arms. I was about to put the phone back down, but the man speaks again…to me.

“Now, now, Katie. Eavesdropping is so unlike you.” I freeze. How does he know my name? How does he know I’m eavesdropping? I try to swallow, but my mouth has gone completely dry. Is he watching me? “Didn’t we already discuss this? I thought I told you to mind your own business.” I hear a clicking sound then a dial tone, I hang up the phone.

My palms completely soaked. He’s watching her! He’s watching me! He knows who I am. And worst of all, he is the man from my nightmares!

“Go to the bathroom before bed!”

Riiiiiiiiiiing.

I’m jolted awake by the sound of the phone ringing. I lay there for a second and let myself breathe. I look up at the clock and it’s nearly 2 in the afternoon. Have I been asleep that long? I try to get up, but I feel so dizzy so I let my head fall back onto my pillow. Why am I so tired? I’m not sick am I? I’ve been sleeping for the last twenty four hours. The phone stops ringing, and I let the answering machine pick it up, but whoever it is doesn’t leave a message.

“Fine with me.” I say to myself as a close my eyes again.

Riiiiiiing.

I jerk them open again, whoever called is calling again. Argh, I just want to sleep. I try to force myself out of bed, and then notice all the dampness.

Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why does this keep happening?! I’ve only been asleep for five hours! Nothing happens after having been asleep eighteen hours straight, but no! Fall asleep for a couple hours and wham; I’m lying in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. If I hear that voice telling me to go to the bathroom before bed one more time I’m going to scream! I have been! And I’m still hearing it, and still I’m waking up like this! I’m so sick of this happening!

Riiiiing

Well whoever’s calling is going to have to wait a minute 'till I get dressed. I kneel down and reach under my bed for all the dirty sheets and whatnot and throw them in the laundry hamper. I get dressed and grab the basket and head down to the basement to do some laundry. After making sure there is nothing red, I dump it all in the washer. It was a little easier this time, and when it came out, nothing was pink! It looked about the way it was supposed to. White.

I hurry up and throw it all in the dryer as I hear the phone ring yet again. Seriously people, it’s called an answering machine. That’s what it’s for! To answer the phone! When I found a phone, I had to sit down, I was exhausted again. Those few steps had taken about all the energy out of me, all the energy that was felt anyway.

“Hello.” I say sounding like I just rolled out of bed.

“Katie, I didn’t wake you up did I?” my mom asks on the other end. Of course she did. She has this gift for dropping in or calling when she is least wanted.

“Yeah, but I was going to get up anyway.” I lie as I carry the phone back to my room, causing me to breathe heavily.

“Katie, have you been running?” she asked.

“No, I just walked from my room, to the phone, back to my room.”

“Are you feeling okay?” She asks taking note to the sound of my uneven breathing.

“I’m okay as long as I don’t get up, but when I do I feel like all the energy drains out of me.” I say climbing back onto my now sheet less bed. “I feel like I haven’t slept in a week.”

“You’ve been asleep for the last 24 hours.” She says. “Maybe I should call the doctor.”

“No! I’m fine! I’m just a little tired, I haven’t been sleeping well, from the whole nightmare thing, and it’s probably just catching up to me.”

I am NOT going to the doctor. I’ve had enough doctors for a while. No matter what I go in for, they either want to draw my blood or give me a shot. To them, needles fix everything.

“Maybe I should make an appointment just in case.” She says. And before I could object she says she has to go and hangs up. I see a big, fat needle with my name on it in my future, and I don’t need a nightmare to tell me so.

I hang up the receiver and pull the covers back over me and let my mind spin a little. Ryan? Ryan what? How is Allison’s mom connected with him?

Instead of going back to sleep like I had planned to do, I get up and raid the fridge for something caffeinated that Alex has left behind. And voila!

I spot something with a Starbucks logo on it and quickly snatch it up, plug my nose, and down it as fast as I can. Under any normal conditions for me, after drinking whatever it was I drank, I’d be bouncing off the walls, or I’d at least match Allison’s energy.

Whatever it is that’s wrong with me right now, all it gave me was about a half-hour to be able to keep my eyes open. I used the time to Google the name Ryan, which pretty much got me no where due to 4,750 pages came up and there was no way I was going to sit there and look through all of them.

Instead I exited out and looked up Motel 6 and found out there wasn’t one too far away. I could probably get there on my bike, if I could actually stand up past thirty-seconds anyway, so that’s not really an option. Plus there’s no way I’m going to go riding around by myself looking for psychopaths, not in my pajamas anyway.

So right when I’m about to snuggle back up with my blankets, the phone rings, yet again. I was totally expecting it to be my mom saying she set up a doctor’s appointment for me so I could become a human pin cushion. But instead it was Al, wondering why I took off yesterday and why I wasn’t at school today.

“Oh, well yesterday, I had a nose bleed and had to go see Amanda, who sent me home because I was tired.”

“Katie. How many times do I have to tell you?” Al said, sounding sincere.

“Tell me what?” I ask generally curious as she has to remind me of practically everything. What did I forget to do this time?

“Haven’t we had this discussion before?” she says, sighing into the receiver. What did I do? Did I forget to do something? Was I supposed to call her to tell her I was leaving? She’s had to talk to me about everything, how am I supposed to remember a particular discussion involving sick leave?

“Umm…No.” I say, racking the back of my brain for any clue as to what she want be referring to.

“Katie.” She says again. “We all know your secret.” What? What secret? What did I get caught doing this time? Do they think I was faking it or something?

“What?” I ask a slight nervous tone in my voice.

“We all know how you really got that nosebleed.” She says, sounding more threatening by the minute.

“Umm…because I fell asleep during a game of volleyball.” I say, trying to think of what she could possibly be thinking of.

“That’s just what you want us to believe. Wouldn’t you?”

“What are you talking about?” I ask, slightly annoyed. She’s really not making any sense now. I can hear her giggling in the background, oh great what now?

“You wouldn’t have so many nosebleeds if you would just learn to keep your finger out of there.” She finally says, erupting out in a fit of giggles.

Ha. Ha. That’s Al for you. REAL comedian…

“Very funny.” I say sarcastically, feeling myself nodding off again; my heart rate kicking up.

“What’s up with you any way? I called your house like five times after you wouldn’t answer your cell phone. Every time your mom picked up she said you were still asleep.”

“

Oh, Yeah. I think I’m sick again with…something. I’ve been asleep ever since I came home yesterday.”

“Oh, well, don’t give it to me; I have something important I need to do on Friday. I can’t afford to be sick.”

“Who’s Ryan?” I ask, propping myself up onto my elbows, leaning against the headboard.

“Huh? Ryan who? The guy who likes to cheat off me in Geometry? Or the one who compares everything he does with an episode from Star Trek.”

“Umm... neither. Like maybe one your mom knows or something.” I add casually.

“I don’t know. Why?” she asks. Okay there’s no way she’d believe me now if I said I was just curious. People don’t just go around asking if people’s moms know psychopaths named Ryan. Although with the way things have been going lately, I’m not about to pass this off as “weird”. It’s been about the most normal conversation I’ve had lately. “It came from a nightmare didn’t it?” she said after a moment of silence. “You just said you’ve been asleep for the last 24 hours. You had to have dreamed something, so spill.” She really is too smart for her own good.

“Well yeah. Your mom was-“I start but am immediately stopped by Al’s shout of concern.

“She doesn’t die does she?” she blurts out. “You’re not like hacking all my family members off in your sleep are you?”

“Umm... No. Don’t worry; no one dies in this one. They were just talking on the phone.”

“Oh. Did she know him?” she asks as she breaths a sigh of relief.

“Yeah. It was like she dreaded the phone call. Almost like she’s secretly been waiting for it in the back of her mind.”

“Oh,who was the guy?” she asked.

“The same guy who tried to blow our brains out.” I say casually.

“What did he want with my mom?” I pause for a moment to remember, gliding my hand through my hair as I do so. Hmm, I know there was something to do with him wanting something from her, but I never found out what it was. What did Allison’s mom have that he wanted? What would a psychopath want that belongs to a random middle-aged woman?

She’s a FLORIST. What does a FLORIST possibly have? A highly dangerous, destructive…flower? You sneak it into a dozen roses; the unsuspecting target sniffs it, and then drops down dead? I don’t think so.

“He wanted something from her.” I finally say after giving it a moments thought. “I don’t know what though. She knew what is was, but she wouldn’t give it up. She was really mad and scared that he called.”

“I’ll ask her later. I got to go. I’ll call you later.” She said hastily and hung up. Finally! I can go back to sleep! Or so I thought. As soon as I lay my head down; the phone rings yet again. My mother announces she made me a doctor’s appointment for tomorrow. Joy. When I finally get off the phone, relax and close my eyes, ready to forget everything and fall asleep, you guessed it! The phone rang AGAIN! When will you people leave me alone? This time it was Jaclyn, calling to make sure I wasn’t dead or something.

“Why weren’t you in school today?! I had to give that English speech by myself yesterday too after you ditched! No thanks to you.”

Or not…

“Sorry. I was sent home sick.” I say, slightly annoyed.

“Oh, right, I forgot about that. Al told us all about how you picked your nose to death so you could get out of class. That’s a new one, even for someone who lives with three brothers.” If Al and I survive this whole stalker thing, I swear, I think I just might kill her myself. Jaclyn must have sensed the anger steaming off the phone, since she hastily threw in a, “She was joking of course, she wasn’t serious.”

Well, that about saved Allison from getting chopped up into 27 identical pieces. Lucky her. I might even be nice enough to only sever her into fifteen pieces instead. Anyone care for a little Al a la carte? How about a dash of Eau De Allison? In this case, I shall bring a whole new meaning to the phrase you just got served.

