My Life as a Teenage Bed Wetter - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*041*2015-09-10 19:34

After a ten minute conversation, which consisted of me drilling into Jaclyn’s skull that the reason I had a nosebleed had nothing to do with the placement of my fingers at the time. She finally she just sighs,”You’re no fun.” and hangs up.

Well sooorrr-rrryyy. I’m not exactly in the mood to be “fun”. Fun time ends when scary threatening letters start arriving on your window sill.

Nobody is going to call anymore! Want to know why? I did something I should have done a long time ago. I unplugged the phone line. Oh, yeah, smart huh? For the third and final time, I lay, and to my pleasure, nothing happened to interrupt.

^-^

Light tan walls stare back at me, as I stand again in a familiar looking room. I’m in Allison’s house again. But I’m not alone this time; her mom is sitting atop the leather couch, a blank expression formed across her face. Her hands wrapped around her face, elbows resting on top her knees, which she nervously bounces up and down. As if she’s waiting for something. Just as I start to wonder what it could be, I can hear keys jingling outside the front door, playing with the lock, then the door opening.

“Hi, mom. I’m home.” Allison calls out from the front room. She walks in, her gaze going right past me, to her mom sitting on the couch.

She looks up and gives her a weak smile.

“How was school?” she asks, avoiding eye contact with her.

“It was fine…What’s wrong?” Al asks, noticing her mothers’ slightly unusual behavior. Ms. Walltz just continues to jitter nervously, cupping her hands and rubs them together a few times before answering.

“I’m fine. Why do you ask?” she says, still failing to meet her eyes.

“Because you look like you’re about to freak out about something.” Ms. Walltz takes a deep breath and holds it in before loudly blowing it out.

“We need to talk.” She says, looking as if she regretted saying it the moment the words left her lips.

“Sure,” Al says as she takes a seat on the couch facing her mom. “What’s wrong? Did some thing happen?”

“No…well yes. Sort of. I… I lied to you.” She says finally, her voice slightly crackling.

“What do you mean? Lied about what?”

“About your dad.” She says, taking in a deep breath.

“My…dad? What about him? You said he left when he found out you were pregnant.”

“I lied. He didn’t leave us…we left him.” She says as she looks back down at the floor.

“What…?” Allison asks, clearly dumbstruck and confused at the thought.

“You have to understand though; I did it for your own good.” She stammers. I look over at Allison, as the whole situation seems to have clicked in her head.

“You took me away from my dad…You’re the reason he’s not in my life?” she asks, tearing her eyes away from her mom.

“I did it to protect you, you must understand that.” Ms. Walltz says, looking up at her daughter.

“By lying to me my whole life? Why, what did he do?”

“He wasn’t all…there. He was sick, mentally. He started becoming violent towards me, he would stay out all night and come home drunk.” She took another deep breath, choking on the memories of it all. “He was a devout atheist, and at the time, so was I. But I started feeling as though there was something missing in my life, and I told him this. It sent him off on a violent rampage, screaming, throwing things at me. Yelling on about how I was being unfaithful, that he should be enough to make me happy.” She pauses, and pulls back her thin, black hair, revealing a thick scar above her left eyebrow. I’ve seen this many times, but never learned how she had gotten it. I watch as she grazes her fingers across it.

“I take it you didn’t get that from falling.” Allison says quietly, staring intensely at her mother. She shakes her head.

“I told him I was taking a class at the community college, when in reality I started attending a church in the area near there. It was there where I came to know God and become a Christian. Well…One of the church members ran into him in town, and told him about how they enjoyed having me in their church.” She pauses for a moment, trying to hold back the tears in her eyes, but a couple fall out anyway. She hastily wipes them away and continues.

“When I came home that night, he was waiting for me in the living room, drunker than I’d ever seen him before. Angry would be an understatement, he was furious, and while he went on his yelling rampage at me; he smashed a beer bottle across my head and knocked me out. When I woke up, it must have been the next day, there was blood all over my head and clothes, and he was nowhere to be found. The first thought that came across my mind was that he thought he killed me. I got up, grabbed you out of your crib and ran for it.” She says, taking another deep breath when she finishes, wiping away the reaming tears in her eyes. Allison looks down, thinking through the whole story she’s been told, wondering whether or not to believe it.

“Why have you never told me this before?” she asks.

“There was never really a need to. I guess I was afraid you would try and go looking for him.”

“Why would I go looking for someone who used to beat you? You could have told me this before.”

“I know… I’m sorry. I just thought, the less you knew about him, the better.” Al nods her head, continuing mulling it about in her head for a few minutes.

“I was already born?” she asks, remembering what was said.

“Yes, you were about two or three. I’m kind of surprised that you don’t remember.”

“I don’t remember anything before living at Grandma and Grandpa’s”

“That’s better then, we were constantly yelling at each other.”I look away for a moment to think.

“Katie?” Allison says to me. I look up but she’s not looking at me, she’s still talking to her mom. Huh? I could have sworn she called me. “Katie?” I hear her call me again. I look up once again, but she’s still preoccupied. Weird, I know she called me.

“Allison.” I call back, but she doesn’t respond to me.

“Katie!” I hear her call out again. What’s going on? How is she talking to me, she doesn’t even know I’m here.

“Go to the bathroom before bed!”

I feel a hand grab onto my arm. I open my eyes and blink for a few moments. I see Al standing over my bed, shaking me awake. Another dream.

“I’m awake.” I say sitting up a little. My mom walks in and asks how I’m doing. “Fine.” I say, wishing she would leave.

“Well get up and come downstairs, you’ve been in bed for the last two days.” She says, coming closer.

“Uh, in a minute.” I say, wishing more than ever for her to just nod and go back downstairs. But oh no!

“Now!” she says, standing beside my bed with Al. “I don’t want you falling back asleep. You need to get up and join the living.”

“And I will, just give me a minute.” I mumble into my blanket. I look up at Al, hoping she’ll get the picture and the two of them will go downstairs and make small talk, leaving me to my puddle. But she’s not even looking at me; she seems perfectly distracted by something outside my window. She snaps out of it, and looks at the desperation in my face.

“Now!” my mom says, ready to yank the covers off. Al stops her.

“Hey, um, Ms. Devo can I talk to Katie for a minute?” she asks. My mom stares back down at me, and I watch in horror as her eyes get all big. I stare back at my blankets, pulling them back up to my chin, wishing I’d just disappear. She snorts my name in disgust, shakes her head down at me and storms off. Well, that went well. Not.

“Well…that was pleasant.” I say.

“Nightmare?” she asks.

“Of course.” I say, my face now glowing redder than Christmas lights. She nods sympathetically down at me and offers to scoot out for a few. I do my now routine bed clean up, get dressed, hide the evidence, empty a bottle of air freshener, and let Al back in. Maybe I won’t chop her up after all.

“So…what happened?” she asks, getting straight to the point.

“Oh, I don’t really know what this one had to do with any of this.” I say, not quite sure if I should tell her or not.

“What was it about?” she asks.

“Well… I’m not sure how I should put this.”

“Out with it.”

“It was about your dad.”

“Oh.” She says, going quiet. “I don’t want anything to do with him. He hurt my mom, and he obviously didn’t want me.” She says, pounding her fist into my mattress. I wonder if she already knows. “Well, what happened?” she asks after a moment of awkward silence.

“Umm… I don’t think I’m the one to tell you.” I say, staring down at my bitten off fingernails.

“What do you mean? You’re the only one who knows whatever’s going on in your crazy little head.”

“No, I mean, it was about a conversation you’re going to have with your mom. It’s about your dad.” I say, nibbling at what remains on the tips of my fingers.

“Well, if she’s going to tell me he’s dead or something, you can tell me that, it won’t bother me. It’s not like I knew him or anything, I wasn’t even born when he left.” I bite down harder on my finger, causing to bleed a little in my mouth. “Well, whatever. What does he have to do with this whole thing?”

“I don’t know. It was kinda out of place. That’s the second dream in a row I’ve had about you and your mom.”

“Weird.” She says. I hear a familiar tune, as Al digs around in her pocket for her cell phone.

“Hello?” Her face tightens and strains to hear whoever is on the other line. “Hello? Who is this?” she demands into the phone, her face turning a white flour color. She hangs up and stares at it for a moment before stuffing it back in the pocket of her jacket and looking back up at me.

“What was that about?” I ask. “And don’t even think about giving me that whole ‘wrong number’ thing."

She shrugs her shoulders and goes, “Just some guy trying to scare me.”

“Why, what did he say?” She just shakes her head. I was about to pursue the matter more, but my cell phone rings. I snatch it up off my nightstand and answer it.

“Hello?” I ask after a couple of seconds staring at the screen saying “restricted number”. Heavy breathing. “Hello?” I ask, getting annoyed.

“Didn’t I tell you to mind your own business?” a muffled voice says on the other end. It’s him.

“Who are you?” I demand. “What do you want?”

“You know what I want.” He says again, the same eerie confidence rolling off his tongue and into his voice.

“What do you want from her?” I ask, my voice trembling.

“Her life.” He says, starting to laugh, a laugh that sends chills up through my whole body. “Why? Why do you want her? Do you even know her?” I ask, barley above a whisper.

“Oh, I know all about her. I’ve had my eye on her for many months now. I know her address, I know her friends, I know her school, and I know which classes she takes and when. I even know her locker combination. Let’s not forget her cell phone number.” My heart pounds into my chest, I feel like I’m going to be sick. I want to hang up, but I can’t move. I swallow. Hard.

“Why are you doing this?” I whimper, nothing but fear flowing out of my voice.

“Because she’s one of… them.” He says, pure disgust in his voice.

“One of what?” I ask, more then one finger bleeding at this point.

“You know what. You know what she…is.” I turn around, so my back now faces her and I drop my voice.

“That’s what this is all about?” I ask dumbfounded. “You want to kill her because she believes in God?”

“They disgust me! They're all idiots!” he yells into the phone so loud, I’m forced to pull it away from my ear.”

“You’re…crazy” I stammer.

“I’m the crazy one?” he asks truly bewildered, he breathes in for a moment and laughs, almost sounding pleased. “You shouldn’t be the one to talk. I don’t know very many fifteen year olds who still wet the bed…every night. And wait, there’s more. Haven’t you done that twice today already? And what? It’s only five.” How does he know all this…? How does he know I’ve been wetting the bed, at all really, but every night? And today? How does he know that?

“Not much of a purpose having a bathroom in your room if all you ever do is just go there in bed.” I feel my face turn red with shame and anger.

“It’s… not my fault.”

“Whatever helps you sleep at night. By the way, I’m not completely heartless. I’ll give your friend an option. There’s only one thing she needs to do, she does it, and I’ll go away for good. No more phone calls, no nothing.”

“What?” I squeak.

“She has to deny it. She has to stand in front of everyone at school and say ‘I don’t believe in God.’ I’ll swing by some time and give her a little…motivation. She does it. I’ll go away. If she doesn’t…well, let’s just say you better start looking for a new best friend.” He laughs. I’m shaking at this point. Shaking hard. Crying too, Al definitely knows something’s up. She walks up next to me and places a hand on my shoulder.“Well, it’s been nice having this little chat. It’s been really fun. We should do it again some time soon. Don’t bother calling the police by the way. They’ll never believe you. What would you tell them? You dreamed it was going to happen?” he says, laughing again. “Before I hang up, I left you a little present. A couple presents actually. A little something you left behind and a little something extra. No need to thank me. Just remember what we talked about. I expect her to have made a decision before I…swing by.”

Click.

It must have been a full minute before I put the phone down from my ear. A whimper escapes my mouth. What am I going to do? He’s going to kill her!

Tears begin falling from my face. He’s watching her. He’s watching every move she makes. He’s watching me! He knows the inside of my room! He even knows there’s a bathroom in there!

“Katie?” Allison asks quietly. “What happened?” I just shake my head and silently cry. I can’t do this! I can’t deal with this!A sudden chill fills the room; I look over to see the window half-way open.“Al?” I ask through silent sobs. “Did you open the window?” I cry. I know the answer. She looks over, and gasps.

“No. But we’ve got a bigger problem!” she says pointing out the window. I look out, and officially lose it. I collapse on the floor and just cry. What else can I do? Al picks me up by my arm and leads me over to the bed. She doesn’t even know what to do. After a minute she gets up and walks back over to the window and climbs out, over to the tree in the front yard. Good thing too, I couldn’t make it over there, I’d probably fall off the roof.

There, hanging on the tree branches in full view, was a white soiled sheet, and balancing on a near branch, a pack of adult diapers. Attached to that was an envelope with red lettering on the envelope spelling out, Katie.

Al comes back in, arms full of all the things from the tree. She dumps them on the floor and comes back over to me while I’m crying hysterically at this point. But when have I not been lately? If I’m not leaking out the bottom, I’m leaking out the top.

I know I need to pull myself together; I need to tell her what he said. She comes and joins me on the bed, a box of tissue in her hands.

“It was him, wasn’t it?” she asks, handing me the box. I nod my head as I blow my nose. She patiently waits, as I try to compose myself, enough to tell her what happened. I take a deep breath, and spill. I tell her everything. What he said, about her and his proposition and what happens if she declines.

At the end of it, we’re both crying. We’re terrified. The only safe place to be at the moment is in each others arms, crying like seven year olds.

I take back what I said earlier. I don’t want to kill her, or yell at her, I’m not even mad at her. I love her. I can’t let her die, I don’t know what I’d do if that happened. I think a part of me would die as well. I don’t even want to think about it. I can’t, because it’s not going to happen. I won’t let it.

“Maybe we should try calling the police. Maybe he’s wrong. Maybe, they will believe us.” Al says. “It couldn’t hurt.”

“Maybe.” I say, as I pick up the phone and dial 9-1-1. Nothing. Arr! I unplugged the phone! Look whose smart now! I pick my cell phone up and dial, wait a few seconds for the operator to pick up, and take a deep breath, preparing myself to spill what’s been happening. Al clings onto my free arm for support. Not sure whose support though, neither of us are holding up too well.

When the operator picks up, I try and tell her what’s happening. I don’t want to tell her about the dreams; she’d think I was crazy. So I try to tell her everything that’s happened outside my subconscious. She tries to assure me that it’s probably a prank and that I’m overreacting. She tells me that everything will be fines so I have no choice. I have to tell her about the nightmares. I have to tell her why I think Al is in real danger, why it’s far from a prank.

“Uh-huh…” she says slowly after I told her all that there is to tell. “Well, there’s nothing I can really do. No real crime has taken place so far. If it will make you feel better, I’ll add an extra patrolman over at the school. But until an actual crime is committed, which I doubt there will be, there’s not much we can do.” And hangs up. She didn’t believe me. Well… I tried. I hang up and throw my cell phone against the wall. I look toward Allison and shake my head in frustration. We sit in silence for a moment.

“Are you going to open it?” she asks after a minute, pointing toward the package of diapers on the floor.

“I’m not opening those.” I say in disgust.

“No, not that, the note attached to it.” She says, pointing down toward the white envelope taped to the side. I get up, pull it off and sit back down. I slide my fingers under the crease and open it up. Al leans over and we both read the note in horror.

Smile pretty for the camera!

I’m watching you!

*043*2015-09-11 01:10

We stare at the note in my hands, and then at each other. We look around the room in horror, looking in the corners for some hidden camera.

That’s how he knows what’s been going on! What we’ve said, what I’ve been dreaming, and what’s been happening because of them. He’s got a video camera in here! But how? How did he get in here? My rooms a mess! It could be hidden under anything! Time for a little damage control. Al seems to have read my mind; she takes in the room then nods to me in agreement. And so we begin are perilous journey in search of what some would call a “floor”. A long and difficult task awaits us. We may not make it out alive…

My mom came in about an hour later to see what happened, why we never came back down. I think we scared her. She made this really weird noise; we figured it was from shock. I guess it’s been a little while since I actually cleaned my room.

We must have looked everywhere! In every corner, in every space, in every drawer. Nothing. Not a camera to be found.

“Maybe he was just bluffing, just trying to scare us possibly.” I say as I collapse down on the bed, a wave of exhaustion taking over.

“But how does he know about, well…everything?” Al asks doubtful, taking another quick glance around the room. She digs around in her pocket and produces her cell phone. “Huh… I got a text message. Umm… Katie” she said softly, looking down at the screen.

“What?” I ask, sitting back up. “Is it from him?”

“Yeah… but it’s weird.” She says handing me the phone. I look down and see the words, all in caps.

“TIRED” OF ME YET?

“Well if you’re not, I sure am.” I say as I hand it back and lay back down. “Mentally and physically.”

“Why did he put quotes around the word tired?” Al asks.

“I don’t know. He’s a psychopath; they never have good reasons for anything they do.”

Allison’s phone rings again, we freeze on the spot, not sure whether or not to answer it. It rings a few times before Al takes a deep breath and answers.

“Hello?” her face relaxes as the other voice on the other end begins to talk. “It’s my mom.” She mouths to me. “I’m at Katie’s…Oh, okay. I’ll be home in a minute.” She says and hangs up. “I got to go home. Call me if anything else happens.”

“Okay.” I say standing up. “And, Al?”

“Yeah?”

“Will you be okay?” I ask her, our eyes locking for a moment.

She pauses for a moment, as if to be wondering the same thing herself. “I’m okay.” She says after a moment of thought. We exchange hugs one last time before she sets off for home. I pick the letter up off the floor and re-examine it one more time before stuffing it in my desk drawer with the other one. I pace my room as I try to figure out what to do. Should I tell my mom? No, she didn’t believe the last one, what would make you think she’d believe this one. It’s all a big joke to her. A prank.

Who do I tell? Police wouldn’t believe me. My mom won’t believe me; doubt Allison’s mom would take it seriously either. What adult would possibly believe us? Amanda! I reach into my backpack and dig around for the card with her cell phone number on it. I reach over to my cell phone and punch in the numbers, my hands slightly clamming up.

“Katie!” she says after recognizing my voice. “Glad you called, what happened? Any new nightmares or clues?”

“Yeah, but we’ve got a bigger problem.” I say, wiping my hands on my pants. I try my best to control my voice and tell her about the phone call and card that I received. There’s no way to hide it though. I was scared, and no matter how much I tried to hide it, the sound of fear came out anyway. When I finish, my body was shaking again, about just as much as my voice. “Me and Allison looked everywhere for a camera, we even looked outside a little on the roof. We couldn’t find anything. Do you think he was for real, or was he just trying to scare us?”

“You said earlier that he knew things about your room, where certain things were, and things that happened that you didn’t tell anyone.”

“Yeah, but I can’t figure out how. It’s got to be a camera; he knew certain…phrases that were used in the nightmares that I didn’t tell anyone about. Things I probably yelled out in my sleep.” I say, looking up at the ceiling. There’s this annoying feeling now in the back of my mind, a feeling of being watched. Let me tell you, it is NOT fun! If he is really watching me, he’s probably watching me change! I’m not changing in here anymore! I’ll just change in the hall bathroom. Showers. I gasp. Is he monitoring the bathroom? Yeah, I’m not going in there anymore! I’ll just use the shower in my moms’ room. If she asks why, I’ll tell her the light burnt out, it’s usually about two weeks from when I announce it, to when it’s actually fixed, on account of we make Alex fix those kinds of things.

“Yeah… He said he was going to kill Allison unless she denied God in front of everyone at school.” I say, feeling another wave of tears coming through. I hold my breath and wish for them to disappear.

“At school?” she asks as soon as the words leave my mouth.

“Yes, he said he was going to ‘drop by’ some time to give her a little motivation. He said that she needed to have made up her mind by then.”

“Have you told anyone about this? Do your parents know? Have you told Allison?” she asks urgently.

“I’ve told Al, and I’ve tried to tell my mom, but she doesn’t believe me. She thinks it’s a prank.” I say, hugging my pillow. Neither of us says anything for a minute. I start to wonder if she’s even still there.

“I don’t think it’s a prank.” She says sounding sincere, reassuring me that I’m not losing my mind. Finally! Someone who believes me! “Did he give a certain time he was going to do this? A day maybe?”

“No. He just said he’d stop by sometime.” I say, trying to hold back a yawn. No I don’t find this topic boring, quite the opposite, it terrifies me, but something weird has been happening these last few days. I can barely keep my eyes open. “I’m sorry, I have to go. I can’t stay awake much longer.”

“Okay, but have you gone to the doctor yet? You know, Mono has been going around.” Mono, ha! I don’t exactly have to worry about that one. Kissing hasn’t exactly been on my agenda, well…ever.

“Oh, I don’t think that is really an issue for me. I’m to, um… inexperienced in that area.” I say, feeling sort of embarrassed explaining my love life, or lack of, to the school nurse. “Well, I’ll see you at school or something, bye.” I say and hang up. I crash back down on and my bed and happily reunite myself with my blanket and pillow. But leave it to my mom to come up and ruin my happy little reunion and force me out of bed. I don’t care if I’ve been in bed for the last two days, and I probably wouldn’t mind going at it for another two, but apparently my mother thinks otherwise. What might I ask is so wrong with letting me sleep? That’s just extra hours you don’t have to deal with me. I know deep down, that’s what you really want. But oh no! She wants me up and out of bed, for reasons I will never understand.

When I finally manage to actually drag my butt downstairs, it’s only to walk over to the kitchen table and attempt to fall right back asleep, if Alex and my mom weren’t there. I glance up at my mom who’s sitting across from me all stern looking and whatnot. I can tell she’s not exactly the proud mom of a fifteen-year-old-bed-wetting-daughter. She’s still pretty ticked off about that, which is totally unfair because it’s not like I’m too proud of it either. Shouldn’t the humiliation be enough for her? And it’s not like I haven’t done practically everything I can possibly think of to stop it.

She seems to be reading my mind since as soon as I look up at her she’s all, “We’re going to ask about THAT tomorrow too.” Joy.

“Oh. you’re finally going to get those nightmares fixed? Yes! Finally, I can sleep in my own room again!” Alex says as he joins us at the table. We both give,him a puzzled look. “You do know she’s been having nightmares, right?” Alex says to my mom. We both continue to stare at him.

“How did you know that? Did you corner Al in the hallway or something?” I ask, curious as to how he knows this.

“Well, yes and no.” he admits. “If anyone noticed I’ve been sleeping on the couch for the last week and a half.”

“Okay, but what does having spiders in your room have to do with any of this?”

“Not because of spiders, because of you.” Alex says through mouthfuls of cereal. “You’ve been screaming bloody murder in your sleep, and my room’s right next to yours. It was freaking me out, so I’ve been sleeping downstairs.” He grins for a minute and faces me. “You know, you curse more asleep than you do awake. You’ve been using an interesting combination of words last time I was up there. Some I’ve never even heard before. I’m surprised you haven’t been hearing her scream, your door is always open.” He says to mom. Has he forgotten that mom can sleep through anything? A little yelling here and there isn’t going to wake her up.

“Have you forgotten who you’re talking to? A little shout here and there isn’t going to wake her up.” I point out.

“No, you don’t get it.” He says. “You’ve been screaming at the top of your lungs and shouting things out .I even went in your room once to see what was going on and it looked like you were trying to kill someone with your sheets. Seriously, no wonder you’re tired, you use all your energy at night trying to kill non existing people.”

“She has?” was all my mom is able to come up with. Alex nods and continues eating.

“So, you said you talked to Allison. When?” I ask, feeling a bit more energy than before.

“Friday night when she was here. She came down in the middle of the night when I was on the couch. I asked her if she knew anything about the screaming, but she just said you’ve been having nightmares.”

“Oh.” I said more to myself than anyone. I wonder if I should tell him. I watch as he gets up and goes upstairs. Well, now would be the time. I get up and follow him, ignoring my moms yells that I better not be going back to bed behind me. I grab him by the arm, pull him into my room, and shut the door.

“Want to know what’s up?” I ask, as I start digging through my desk drawer in search of the notes.

“Sure.” He says, leaning up against the wall. “Umm, what are those for?” he asks, raised eye brows as he points over to the pack of diapers. I run over and kick them under my bed, leaving his question hanging in the air. I pull out the envelopes and set them on my bed. I take a deep breath and tell him what’s happening. The nightmares, the phone calls, the notes, everything. Well okay…almost everything. I must say, as much as I despise my brother at times, it was nice to finally get to talk to someone about this that I was related to.

“Why didn’t you tell mom?” he asks, still staring at the note about the camera in his hands.

“I tried, she thinks this is all a prank.” I say, anger coming out in my voice. “She’s taking me to the doctor tomorrow to get me ‘looked at’.”

“Oh. What is the THAT mom was talking about?” he asks, finally setting the envelope back down on my desk.

“Huh?”

“When you came downstairs, mom said ‘we’re going to ask about THAT tomorrow too.’ What’s the THAT?”

“Oh, nothing you want to know about.” I say, turning my now red face away to face the bookshelf.

“Does it have anything to do with this?” he asks.

“Yes, but I rather not say. It’s…embarrassing.” I mumble.

“What? You can tell me. How embarrassing could it be? It’s not like your wetting the bed or something.” Now would be a really good time for the ground to open up. Please? You don’t even have to be that big, maybe just enough so I can jump into or something or maybe possibly just hide? Nope. Nothing. Nada. My only hope is that he can take it, nice, sensibly, and maturely. Ha!

“Oh my God. You freak! You’ve been wetting the bed?” he yells after I don’t respond, keeping an eye on the floor, still strongly willing for it to open. He bursts out laughing, well, until I kick him anyway, that shuts him up. “Jeez. Okay sorry. It’s funny.” He says, massaging his leg.

“Not really. For you maybe.” I mumble, continuing a blank stare at the floor.

“Well, have you connected it yet?” he asks after he finished laughing.

“Connected what?” I ask, looking up at him.

“Well, you said everything else seemed to have a purpose, I know that, you know, it seems out of place and all, but maybe it’s not. Maybe there’s a purpose for it after all.

“What could possibly be the purpose for that? Even if there was one, is it really all that necessary?” I say doubtfully. Well come to think of it, I could never figure something about it out. “Well, I do hear something weird every time right before I wake up. Every nightmare I’ve had, I hear a voice telling me to ‘Go to the bathroom before bed’.” Another grin stretched across his face. “Stop laughing, I’m serious” I scowl. “He knows my little problem, he sent me diapers. He even sent back a sheet from Bio camp. This is serious! STOP LAUGHING!” Mine and Al’s life could be in serious danger and all my brother can do is laugh because his little sister wets the bed. How immature can he get?

“Okay, settle down.”

“Only if you stop being so immature.” I yell back.

“Okay, okay. Let me think.” He says as he scratches his head. “Has anyone strange been in your room recently?” he asks as he examines my room for hidden cameras.

“Yeah.” I say sarcastically. “You.”

“Ha. No seriously, like maybe during your trip last weekend. Did mom let someone in while you were gone?” he asked, opening my closet.

“Oh. I never thought of that. But why would mom let some weird, bald guy in my room. Let alone long enough to install some freaky surveillance thing.” I say, shooing him away from my closet before he messes up my now clean room that I worked so hard on. Well…that Al worked so hard on, while I fell asleep at the desk. I know that sounds mean, but I was tired, and I did after all, clean out from under my bed. Al would not go near there for obvious reasons. I wasn’t mean enough to make her do that much. And I didn’t even make her; I was totally helping, well, until the tiny bit of energy I had depleted. She did pretty much everything else though. She, as I suspected, was too preoccupied with the fact that someone is trying to kill her to notice something as small as me not helping her clean my own room.

I am the worst friend ever! But hey…I have a floor! And it’s carpeted. I can actually lay down on the floor and stick my arms and legs out. And to top it all off, I can do this AND not hit anything! Normally if I tried that, I’d break something. Whether it is something in my room, me, or both. Something will get broken, I can guarantee that.

I lay down on the floor, admiring the fact that I am still on one piece and that giant dust bunnies have not, in fact, picked me up and carried me away to their leader. If me and Al live through this, I might even make an attempt to keep it this way. Maybe…

“Why don’t you ask her?” I ask lazily staring up at him as I start to feel myself drift back to sleep.

“Do you really think you’re in danger?” he asks, standing over me, looking down into my face.

“Yeah.” I say, lifting an eyelid.

“Then this is something the two of you need to work out. I’m not getting into this.” He says as he leaves my room.

“Argh.” I moan at the thought of getting up and asking myself. But if I don’t, she’s going to see me falling asleep and get all menopausal on me again. That and it’s not like I can change the carpet if I accidentally fall asleep here. Not the best of choices. I eventually drag myself off the floor and walk/crawl downstairs to join everyone else. Or as my mom put it, “the living”.

“Oh, good you’re here.” My mom says as I about pass out on the kitchen table. “I was just about to go check up on you.” Uh-huh…sure. Alex elbows me in the arm and I look up to see him motioning me to ask her. I sigh and do it.

“Hey, mom.” I say to the kitchen table. “Was anyone here while I was gone, like in my room or something?” I was completely expecting her to say no and ask why and all that.

She just turns the page of the book she’s reading and goes, “Uh-huh, the electrician.”What? Electrician? Electrical! Cameras are electrical, installed by someone who knows what they’re doing when it comes to electronics!

“Why was the electrician in my room?” I ask, trying to sound all casual and whatnot. And I thought I did a good job too, my voice only squeaked a little bit.

“Said he needed to check something about how many appliances were plugged in.” she says as she continues to read her book. “Why?”

“Oh, was just wondering.” I sigh.

“Oh okay, by the way, your doctors appointment’s at four, so come home straight after school.” She says. School? I have to go to school? Like this? This is going to be interesting.

“Okay. Well, I have a lot of homework to do. So I’ll see you later. “ I say, as I attempt to drag myself back up the stairs.

“Okay,” she calls up after me, “But don’t even think about going back to sleep, I’ll be in to check on you in a minute.” What is the big deal? Why will you not let me sleep? I just go in my room and close the door. I sit at my desk and look down at my cell phone. Whoa…Five missed calls. All from Allison. I punch in her number and wait for her to pick up.

“Hello?” she says.

“Hey Al, it’s me, what’s up?” I ask.

“Oh, Katie! I’m so glad you called!” she practically yelled.” It happened!”

“What? What happened?” I ask, moving over to my bed.

“What you said earlier. About my mom telling me about my dad, it happened. I walked inside, and she was sitting in the couch, and she told me the whole thing.” She says, choking on the words a bit. I take the phone away from my ear for a moment and stare at it, willing for it not to be true.

“It’s real?” I whisper to myself horrified. If that really happened…then. No! I push the thought out of my head, it can’t be! It can’t be real! It just can’t be! It can’t happen! But a voice inside is saying, yes, yes it can.

“Katie? Katie!? Are you there?” I press the phone back to my ear.

“Yeah…sorry.” I whisper.

“What are we going to do?” she asks, just as quiet as I did. At least she understands what this means. She’s not safe. Neither of us are. I don’t care that I’m getting death threats. I’m going to stick with her until the end. I mean it. I’m NOT going to sit back and let her die. I’m going to do whatever I can to help, even if that means I get dragged down along with her. I can’t believe this is happening. It’s one thing to have nightmares. Another to get threatening letters left to you on your second story window, at least it has the slightest chance of being a prank. But proof you’re being watched by cameras and realizing your nightmares are becoming reality? Yeah, it’s not so pleasant.

“I…I don’t know.” I whisper.

“Can you come over? I don’t want to be by myself.” she says, her voice rising. Yeah, I don’t blame her. I don’t exactly want to be by myself either. Even if I do know this is going to happen at school, I don’t exactly want to be in my room anymore.

“I’ll be right over.” I say as I hop down off my bed and slide my feet in my shoes.

“Where are you going?” my mom asked as I attempted to slide out the front door, unnoticed.

“Al’s.”

“I thought you said you were going to do homework?”

“I am, but I realized I forgot to get it from her. It’s at her house.” I lie and slip out the front door and search around the garage for my bike. I breathe heavily as I pedal down the street, fighting the urge to give up and press on down the four blocks to Allison’s house. I throw my bike down on the front porch, ring the bell and half a second later Al whips open the door and pulls me inside her room.

“I’m so glad you’re here!” she says flinging her arms around me, nearly knocking me over. “What’s in the bag?” she asks after letting go and letting me breathe.

“Everything.” I say dumping out its contents onto the floor. I pick up the letters and arrange them on the floor along with a notepad and pen to take notes. “We’re going to figure this out.” I say. “We can’t do this at my house, it’s being monitored.”

“You mean…there’s really a camera watching you? You found it?” she asks, staring at the letters with hate and anger.

“No, but my mom said the electrician was in my room while we were at the Biology trip. Seems too strong of a coincidence for there to be a electrician in there right before we get the letter saying we’re being watched by a camera” I say, motioning towards one of the envelopes. Al silently nods in agreement.

“Okay.” I say, writing my thoughts down on paper. “What we need to do is arrange all of this in a time line, and try to make sense of it all. We need to figure out who this creep Ryan is and figure out what’s he’s planning, so we can stop it.” I write a chart on a piece of paper and label it Dream One, Dream Two, Dream Three etc. “Hmm,” I think out loud. “My first dream, what happened? Not much. I was walking to school and felt nervous. Then I woke up.” I say as I write it down on paper.

“Is that when everything started?” she asks. I nod my head and continue.

“Okay, second dream. Walking to school, felt even more nervous than the first one, started feeling scared. Walked onto school grounds and started to sweat. That’s when I woke up.” Al peeks over my shoulder to see what I’m writing.

“Umm…maybe I should take notes. I can’t read a single thing you’re writing.” I roll my eyes and hand over the note pad. She scratches out everything I wrote and re-writes it.

“Okay.” She says, sitting up, pen in hand. “Third dream. What happened?”

“Just about the same thing, except this time I turned the corner onto make out alley to go meet you by your locker.” She nods and motions with her hand for me to go on with the next dream. "Okay, this is when things started to get scary. I turned the corner and that’s when I found you and Ryan. He had a gun and it was pointed at your head.”

“What did he look like?” she asks, leaning up against her bed.

“He wasn’t big or anything. Average. The only things that really stuck out was the tattoo of a snake on his left arm, and the fact that he was balder than Mr. Clean.” I say, scooting over to lean against the bed next to Al.

“Was the tattoo fully covering his arm?”

“No. It wasn’t really big or anything. It was actually smaller, about as big as that pen.” I say, pointing to the pen in Al’s hand. She writes all of this down, and reads it to herself before asking anything else.

“What did he say, in his exact words?”

“Umm…” I say, trying to think back. “He asks you if you believe in God. You say yes, and he shoots you. Then I feel myself falling, and then wake up.” She writes it all down but doesn’t say anything. She gives me the thumbs up sign and I rack my brain for the next dream.“Exact same dream, except this time, after he kills you, he spots me and asks if I believe in God.” I pause for a moment and take in a lung full of air and then continue. “I say…no. He says I made a wise choice, but now that I know who is, he can’t let me go. He shoots me as well.”

She reads it over and then asks, “Knows who he is?” she repeats. “Do you recognize him?”

“No. I don’t think so.” I say, picturing him in my mind. “But there’s just something about him. Something familiar, but I just can’t seem to place it. Maybe it’s just the confidence in his voice.” I say. But I know what it is. It isn’t the confidence in his voice. It’s his face, and most importantly. His breath. I can’t tell her this though. I need to, but I just can’t get myself to do it. Besides, it can’t be him anyway. I already ruled him out. Mr. Stinky has a full head of hair, no tattoo, and his first name isn’t Ryan. It’s Brian.

Hmm… Sounds a lot alike though. Maybe I misheard. Maybe Allison’s mom said Brian, not Ryan. I thought for sure she said Ryan. Can you even miss hear things in dreams? Okay so the only three things that link Mr. Stinky to this just happens to be that they kind of look alike, they have similar sounding names, and they both are in serious need of a breath mint. Not exactly enough to accuse somebody of something like this. Especially something that hasn’t even happened yet.

“Katie! Snap out of it!” Al says, tapping me on the shoulder. “Next dream.”

“Oh, sorry.” I say as I think back to the topic. “Let’s see. This one is when I went all crazy during detention. When I got shot in this one, I could see Alyssa standing behind Ryan. After Ryan kills me, I wake up on the floor. I look around and it’s my judgment. God shows me all the things I’ve done wrong. He shows me how you tried to tell me about him, and all the times I refused to listen to you. He sent me to hell, but I remember I woke up before that.” I say, shuddering at the mere memory of it. “That’s when I woke up on the detention room floor.” She nods and continues writing. She then waves her hand and flips over another sheet of paper.

“Okay, this dream happened when you spent the night. This was my trip to hell. I was standing in a really hot, dry, desert. I remember that I couldn’t close my eyes because my eye lids were gone, also that I was butt naked standing in the middle of nowhere. There were really big open sores all over my skin, so I could barley stand up because it hurt so bad. Then people, like my mom, my dad and you, came up and told me things, like how I was a disappointment to them and stuff. I was crying, but acid was coming out, burning my face. Weird grayish creatures appeared and started climbing up my body, breaking the sores on my skin. That’s when I finally woke up.”

“Wow that one creeps me out.” She says after writing it all down. “How many more are there? I’m running out of paper.”

“Five more.” I say, trying to catch my breath.

“You dreamed that much?” she asks, bewildered.

“Yeah, I didn’t realize I had that many dreams. There’s still the one where I was looking for Mr. Stinky, the one about Alyssa’s funeral, the motel, the phone conversation and the talk you had with your mom.”

“Jeez, slow down. No wonder you’ve been so tired lately. You’ve been more active in your sleep than you have been during the day.” she says. “Okay, let’s get this over with. Next dream.”

“Okay, this one I had decided to go get Mr. Stinky’s help. I ran into his classroom, but there was some lady in there subbing for him. I told her what was going to happen, but she just wanted to send me to the nurses’ office. I leave her classroom in frustration and sprint over to you, but before I could get over there I heard the gun go off. The noise attracts Alyssa’s attention, and she comes over to see what happened. Ryan sees her and kills her. He walks around the corner, sees me, smiles and kills me too.” I say, taking a deep breath when I finish.

“Okay, four to go.” Al says, flipping over another page.

“Ugh.” I moan. “Okay. This one is… Alyssa’s funeral. I’m at the graveyard, I see something going on, I walk over to see what’s happening. People are really sad, so I figure someone died, I walk over and see my mom. I go over to her to see what’s going on, but she won’t look at me. At first I’m just kind of like…fine whatever. I walk over to the front and see Alyssa’s’ picture. My mom leaves, so I get up and follow her, she still won’t talk to me. She leads me over to where my dad and Alex are standing. They too are crying, I put my hand on them, but it just goes right through. I look over and see that it’s my tombstone they're looking at and I figure I’m dead. That’s when I wake up.” I say, lying back down on the floor, wishing we could hurry up and finish.

“Okay, just a couple more.” She says, sounding just as tired as me.

“This one’s the creepy motel room. I start out in the parking lot of a Motel 6. I walk past all the doors, but my stomach says to keep going until I come up to door 27. I knock, but no one answers, I go in and the door closes behind me. I find a light switch and look around. There’re a bunch of newspaper clippings and stuff about you on this peg board. I’m all freaked out and what not and I’m backing up, but trip and fall back into a dark room. There’s a close line stretched across the room, and they're holding about 30 pictures of you. They’re all of you walking home, doing stuff at school. I move to get out of there, but he is behind me. He warns me that I should’ve just minded my own business, and then stabs me in the stomach.” I hesitate for a moment and then add, “He had really bad breath.” I don’t think she made the connection, she just continues to scribble down what I said in the notepad.

“This is the dream before we found the first envelope right?” she asks.

“Yeah.” I reply and examine her blue painted ceiling with glow in the dark stars stuck onto it from when she was younger. I used to love to spend the night at her house so I could sleep under them and get to stare up at them all night long. And okay, maybe I still do. But hey, they’re cool looking.

So after I tell her about my last two nightmares, we go over what each ones purpose was, and we end up crashing out on her floor and just talk.

“Al.” I end up saying after a moment of silence. “I think it's Mr. Stinky.”

“What?” she asks, sitting up a little.

“I think Mr. Stinky is doing all of this.” I say again. “The guy from my nightmares has the same breath, the guy looks a lot like him and his first name sounds a lot like Ryan. Maybe I miss heard it, maybe it was Brian.”

She stays quiet for a moment, lost in thought. She finally says, “I don’t think it’s him. He wouldn’t do something like that to me. He’s not that type of person. That and he’s not bald and doesn’t have a tattoo like you described.” I look over and see her smile for a second. “That and the guy is completely technologically illiterate. I have to help him with anything that relates to a computer. Anything pretty much that was invented after a typewriter. There’s no way he could install cameras. Even if his life depended on it.” She’s right, he just doesn’t seem like the type of person to do something like this.

What would a History teacher have against Allison? What would any teacher have against her? She’s like, the perfect student. Always on time to class, gets straight A’s, never gets into trouble. The complete opposite of me. It’s not him, it can’t be. But then why do I have this nagging feeling in the back of my mind that it is? It’s the same nagging feeling I got when I tried to tell myself that these were just dreams. It told me they weren’t, and now look what’s happened!

“Hey, remember that candy I got in my locker? What if that Ryan guy left it there?” She sits up and gasps. “Remember what the card said? Love can be exhausting, let me take your breath away.” She repeats. “What if he plans on strangling me?”

“No, I think it means something else.” I say. “He doesn’t kill you in my dreams by strangling you. He uses a gun. Maybe it means something else.” I say and rack my brain for any clue as to what it might mean.

“Maybe,” she says, sitting back up. “What other weird stuff has happened besides the letters.”

“Phone calls.” I say, staring at Al, waiting for her to tell me what the “Wrong numbers” really were. When she doesn’t answer I ask. “What were those phone calls you were getting? You know, those ‘wrong numbers’ you were so frustrated over. I know they weren’t, they were him weren’t they?” I ask, staring Al down.

She sighs and nods her head. “He kept saying all this really weird stuff, like ‘I’m watching you’ and ‘I can’t wait until we finally meet’, ‘she’s going to pay’. It was freaking me out.

“You could have told me.” I say, fighting to keep my eyes open.

“I know, but if I told anyone, then I’d be admitting this was real. That it wasn’t just the revenge of my best friends’ junk food obsession.” she says while she bites down on her finger nail. Whoa, this must be killing her. She never bites her nails; that’s my thing. I look down at my own nail less stubs. I’d probably be doing the same, but I don’t have any more fingernails left to bite.

Instead I just sigh and place my hands in the pockets of my jacket. “Yeah, I guess.”

We both look up as we hear a knock on the door. Al’s mom enters and informs me that my mom called and that she wants me home. I look up at the black, digital clock sitting on the floor and gasp. I can’t believe it’s already nine. I get up and am forced to hold onto the chair in the corner for support as my legs give off a highly unpleasant tingling sensation. I really need to learn to stop sitting on my legs. After a few moments of wobbling unsteadily around the room a few times, I hug Al good-bye. A horrible thought crosses my mind. What if this will be the last time we hug? What if this happens soon and I never get to say good-bye?

I try to shake the thoughts out of my head. Al must be thinking the same thing as we end up staying this way for a few extra moments longer than normal.

As I was about to walk out the door Al asks her mom something that catches my ear and causes me to stop.

“Mom, who is Ryan?” she asks.

She looks at her for a moment, as if confused. Then replies with an answer neither of us were expecting and Al nearly chokes on the water she was drinking. “Your father.”

