Specifics

Author: SVelte

*000*2012-08-10 17:15

What do you look for in erotic literature? I wondered what you all look for; I know what's good for me, but what about you?

*004*2012-08-14 12:42

{{:

Accepting that everyone has their own style of writing, that's not something I would change…but any grammatical or spelling errors (grammatical is worse) instantly make me want to slap the author.

}}

I'm so glad I'm not alone in this. I'm something of an obsessive about spelling and grammar mistakes. It's entirely possible to make them accidentally, we all do it and undoubtedly I'll make some on this forum, maybe even in this post. But wilfully writing reams and reams with consistent mistakes that could be made right with a spellcheck is just frustrating and unprofessional.

{{:

The worst thing someone could do would be to say "she suddenly wet herself." and leave it at that.

}}

I have a theory about this; let's assume a piece of fiction is written by a man, and the man is turned on by his own writing so he may pleasure himself while he writes. At the point in the story when the character loses the battle with desperation, the writer orgasms. He then loses interest in his own story as a sexual thrill because he's got what he wanted out of it and loses interest in the writing. Now, that may be completely wrong; I'm not a man, I can't speak for men, but I wonder how much truth there is in it for rushed endings. Perhaps men who write good fiction just have better control over their desires!

{{:

I like the sensations of the characters to be very realistically and vibrantly detailed to the point where I could easily imagine myself in their place.

}}

Thanks everyone for your feedback. I'll post some of my fiction and I look forward to comments!

*007*2012-08-15 09:00

That's a really interesting insight there, TheGreatNobody, thanks! So you take a break when the pressure gets a little intense and come back to writing another time...

I've just started selling one or two of my longer short stories on the Kindle store with that in mind, really; something that you don't have to enjoy on the screen. What sort of length do you consider too long in your fiction to read on the screen?

