Love Works In Mysterious Ways (Female becomes Male body swap)

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-07-13 18:02

So since my other two fanfics were successful I thought I'd do something I've seen in other places but not much here. So enjoy if you will.

Plot: Michelle (From my first story Pet For A Day) wakes up one day to find a surprise after a drunken night of insulting a guy wakes up to find she's one herself. Now she must go throughout the day dealing with her new parts of life including the idea of peeing standing up and trying not to sleep with her friend Amy who has fallen in love with her alter ego.

Michelle woke up feeling very hammered. Last night was something for sure. She had gone out with Amy and the last thing she remembered was drunkenly telling off a guy who was trying to ask her out. Though she wanted a boyfriend she wasn't in the state of mind to deal with some guy hitting on her no matter what the guy was like. Trying to snuggle back into her bed Michelle was held back from sleeping by the need to pee. Giving up she woke up groaning noticing it was gruffer then usual but she chocked it up to being tired.

Walking towards the bathroom she turned to the toilet when she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and gasped in terror. She was a guy. She walked towards the mirror and touched her face. She had a decent beard a good faceline and trimly cut hair. She then remembered she went to bed with no shirt on and noticed she now had abs very good abs.

"What the hell is going on?" Michelle said with a surprise as she noticed her voice was deep and kind of sexy. She would date her if she wasn't her. Distracted from herself she squirmed as she sighed and decided to pee first and then question this more. She pulled down her pants and sat down with an oomph sound as she noticed her penis bulging towards the top as she tried to push it down.

"Go down" Michelle angrily said. God this was difficult. Sighing she knew she had to do it she was going to have to stand up. She got up and positioned herself in front of the toilet this felt weird as she lifted up the toilet seat. Sighing and relaxing she finally let go as the toilet flowed down but noticed some of it was ending up on the seat as she quickly grabbed hold of it and pointed it towards the inside of the bowl as it continued down. Finally finishing she shook off any remaining pee and then pulled up her pants and flushed the toilet.

"Well that was something" Michelle said as she left the bathroom pondering what was happening. Though difficult at first it felt easy getting used to it. She did always feel jealous of guys who could pee standing up and wished she could do that but it didn't mean she wanted to be one. Deciding to accept the situation and hoping this was all some over long dream she went to her wardrobe and got dressed.

Luckily she was a tomboy and had clothes that people considered "boys clothes" which some people felt was a turn off for them but she didn't care about that shit. With that being said she just wanted to be her again. After being dressed she suddenly got a text from Amy. Shit what was she going to say? Deciding to open up the text she saw she wanted to meet her at the bar they were at the other night. On the one hand she hesitated because she couldn't explain this to her friend but on the other hand she might find some answers there. Deciding to bite the bullet she headed out the door of her house and got into her car and drove away.

Finally arriving Michelle got out of the car. She didn't like moving because though she didn't need to pee right now the penis was still big and causing discomfort in her movement. Walking inside she looked around at the bar as some girls looked at her interested as she ignored them. It felt odd being suddenly hit on because she was more hotter then before for a guy anyway. Suddenly she spied Amy at the bar who looked at her clearly interested which made Michelle feel uncomfortable. She wasn't meant to be this and now her best friend looked interested in her? Being cautious she walked towards the bar and ordered a drink as Amy tried to strike up a conversation.

"So do you come in here often?" Amy asked.

"Uh no. So why are you here?" Michelle nervously said.

"Well I was waiting for a friend but she doesn't seem to be showing. But that doesn't mean I'm not open to other people's company." Amy said touching my muscles.

"Well I'm sure your friend should be here soon so it's best you wait." Michelle tried to brush her off she hated doing so though because Amy the poor girl was throwing herself to anyone in an attempt to gain true love.

"Yeah maybe. But Michelle often is kind of a recluse. The poor girl hasn't found a guy since high school and she threw away a perfectly good guy last night just because she was drunk and assumed too much. But she's pretty crazy though but its why I love her as a friend. One time she followed me around as my pet for a day. She peed next to a fire hydrant" Amy laughed taking a drink

"Really?" Michelle chuckled pretending to surprise. Maybe this wasn't so bad seeing her friend from a different light. After hours of conversation the two finished their drinks.

"You know that was fun... Michael" Amy said trying to remember his name. She was starting to like this guy. He was kind, gentle, understanding, smart, good looking and just all around a good guy which was all she was looking for. Maybe this guy had a friend for Michelle.

"Hey do you want to come back to my place?" Amy asked.

Though she liked her time being with Amy this was not what Michelle wanted. However with that being said she thought about the offer. Nobody was saying she had to have sex with Amy. What the hell new body new experiences.

"Yeah sure I'd like that" Michelle said with optimism.

Amy was happy. Finally a chance to be with a guy who's not going to run out on her at first. She headed off out the door as Michelle stopped for a second.

"I'll be out in a sec I just gotta pee first." Michelle said walking towards the men's room. Man all that liquor hit her hard. Walking in she noticed three urinals and a cubicle as one guy finished at the urinal and walked by her as one guy was still standing at one. Thankful for the cubicle she walked towards it when she walked into the door and noticed it was out of order.

"Fuck" Michelle whispered. Looking over at the urinal she realised was going to have to stand there. The problem was that other guy was there and she was pee shy. That was why when she was Amy's dog she had to leave her alone while she peed. As the need to pee continued to hit she sighed and walked towards the urinal and pulled her pants down slightly pulling out her penis and tried to pee.

"Come on" Michelle whispered. God damn this switch.

"You okay there dude?" a guy asked

"Yeah I'm fine" Michelle said as it felt weird talking to a guy who was peeing. Was this something they did often? Trying to distract herself she looked over at the guy and noticed his penis. She then decided to try something.

"Nice penis" Michelle said in an attempt to make him leave. It worked the guy looked her and finished up leaving. Now alone Michelle relaxed and let go her pee flowing into the urinal as she shouted loudly in relief. Finally finished she put her penis back into her pants as she pulled up the part of her pants that was down as she left satisfied at having peed in a urinal which again admittedly she wanted to do she just didn't want to be around people. She left the bathroom noticing the people who looked at her questionably as they must of heard her shouting.

Arriving outside the bar door Amy was waiting for her smiling. She looked oddly cute in a way. Shaking off the feeling she walked towards her car as Amy followed her explaining she had gotten the bus in as Amy directed her towards the house as they drove as Michelle had to pretend she didn't now where it was.

Finally the two arrived and walked into the house as Amy headed into the kitchen leaving Michelle alone. So far so good its almost like normal expect the being a guy part. Amy returned with drinks in hand as they sat in living the room talking. Both relayed their previous love experiences to each other both learning things in different ways about each other that they didn't know before.

Michelle started to be sympathetic towards her friend who she kind of always threw under the bus for acting like this now she understood why. Underneath it all she had a lot of love to give that she had to come up with herself as her parents died a few years ago. She just felt that guys didn't want the nice girl. Now she realised they did and it was the girl who was her best friend unbeknownst to her.

Michelle herself realised she wanted a guy but she always undermined them because after losing her one good boyfriend to a bad girl she assumed no guy wanted a nice girl but her friend was one and wanted her. But she wasn't a guy so was this real feelings or just feelings brought on by the sex change? She always did feel jealous of Amy's good looks and admitted a few times she was cute. She didn't know what to think.

"Amy I..." Michelle tried to leave but Amy interrupted her.

"Hold that that thought I'll be back" Amy said with a hint of deviousness in her voice that Michelle found a tad confusing but also kind of a turn on. Returning a minute later Michelle almost had to keep her jaw from dropping to the floor as Michelle looked at her best friend who was almost dressed to beauty perfection as she was dressed in all black with a black dress, bra, panties and a dark long coat she pulled it open revealing said pieces of clothing.

"Michael... I want to know what love feels like. Can you give it to me?" Amy said seductively.

Michelle was trying not to sweat. Her best friend was asking her to sleep with her and in a tone she wasn't used too as Amy suddenly got down on the couch next to her as she suddenly kissed Michelle. Wow. Definitely not what she expected but it oddly felt comfortable and right. Giving in Michelle returned the kiss as she put her friend down and began to make love to her. Never would she imagine this was going to happen but it felt right and the kind of love she wanted as Amy felt the same feeling as the two experienced the best night of their lives.

The next day Michelle woke up on the couch noticing the sleeping Amy. She was so cute asleep. She yawned as she suddenly noticed it was more feminine. As she opened up her pants and noticed no penis.

"Holy shit I'm me again." Michelle whispered. This was great she was back to normal. But what was she going to do about Amy? She loved this night and felt bad leaving her like this and she did too.

Moving in closer Michelle kissed her friend on the forehead.

"I love you" Michelle said

"I know." Amy said in her sleep as she turned around

Michelle wrote up a fake goodbye note as she walked out the door and got into her car now finding a new found love and respect for her friend. Someday she'd tell her the whole story because she deserved to know they both deserved to know. That they were friends forever and loved each other now and till the end.

THE END

