The Candidate

Author: editine

*000*2013-12-29 06:54

It was the day of the local elections, and Hazel, one of the candidates standing in her local area, was doing last-minute canvassing of local residents. The problem is that much of the area is mostly full of tower blocks and she and her colleagues found it difficult to get in because of the increased security.

Her day started at seven in an extremely cold morning. She was told there was a three-hour window to get a good morning leaflet to an estate with three tower blocks… that was when security doors were unlocked so residents can get their letters or milk first thing.

However, when she tried to burst through the security door, one of the security guards shouted to her.

“Oi! What do you think you’re doing?”

“I’m a candidate in today’s local elections and I have to deliver these leaflets to this block,” Hazel replied.

“Why?” the security guard asked, sternly.

“Hey, do I look like a criminal?” Hazel shouted back.

“Er.. okay, I’ll let you go,” the security guard said, looking confused.

Hazel dashed into the lift and pressed the button for the top floor (each of the blocks had thirteen floors). Suddenly, the lift stopped after the fourth floor. Hazel looked worried and pressed the buttons on the wall, but to no avail. She was beginning to think she was trapped in the lift. She tried using the emergency phone, but it didn’t work… it had been vandalised many times the council simply stopped trying to repair it.

To make things worse, she felt the need to pee…. She drank two large mugs of tea before setting out and they were going through her body very quickly. She started shouting and banging her fist on the door.

“Hello? Hello! I’m trapped in the lift! If anybody can hear this, please call the guard!”

But nobody heard her, and by now she was getting desperate. She tried calling her colleague on her mobile phone.

“Arghh! No signal!” she groaned, now trapped in the lift, the security guard is unaware of her plight and now needs to pee. She sat down near one side of the lift, crossed her legs tightly and hoped that the problem will be resolved as soon as possible.

About half an hour had passed, and still no sign of help. Hazel was now rocking on the floor and trying to tighten her bladder muscles. Suddenly, she heard some banging on the other side of the door.

“Hello? Hello? Hello?”

“Hey, what on earth is going on?” Hazel shouted back.

“We’re from the Fire Brigade, we’ll try to get you out,” said the voice.

Then, silence… and later Hazel was fidgeting violently, she was so desperate to pee that she felt she was on the verge of letting go several times.

“Oh, god, please don’t make me wet myself, not here, not now!” she mumbled to herself.

Moments later, she heard the voice from the Fire Brigade.

“Sorry about that, we had to get the equipment to open the doors. We’re ready to get you out now.”

Hazel was delighted to hear the news, but she was still very desperate to pee. She by now had one hand in her crotch and tightening her muscles even more trying to prevent the inevitable.

As the Fire Brigade were trying to break through the lift door, Hazel felt she couldn’t hold on any longer, so she got up, unzipped and pulled off her trousers and panties, then crouched down over the bare floor and let her golden liquid gush out her pussy. She breathed a huge sigh of relief as she let go all of her water. She heard the pee splatter all over the floor.

“Are you alright in there?” the voice asked worriedly.

“Ohhhh, yes,” replied Hazel softly, as the last drops of pee came out of her pussy.

After finishing, she quickly pulled back on her panties and trousers and fastened them again. She tried to compose herself as the workmen finally opened the doors.

“Open Sesame!” one of them joked.

“That wasn’t funny, I was stuck in there for a long time,” Hazel complained. Another workman looked at the wet puddle on the floor.

“Hey, did you do this?” he asked. Hazel’s face blushed on hearing the question.

“DID YOU THINK I PEED ON THE FLOOR! EH?” she shouted and walked down the block’s narrow staircase to go outside. She felt embarrassed about the whole situation. Luckily, she was in a position to do something about the problem lift, because later that night she heard that she had got elected to the council.

This is a story my friend wrote a few years back. She just sent me her entire collection for me to upload here.

I will upload more, enjoy!

