Megan's Promotion Training

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-04-19 05:50

Megan’s Promotion Training

The twenty-five year young dark yellow blond, her hair reaching to mid-back, Megan Peterson applied a thin coat of lip color as she looked into the bathroom mirror. The effect was quite alluring, with her light blue eyelids and soft lavender lips. Her blue eyes were twice as shiny and very pleading and her lips were rich and soft. The girl was preparing to work, but she never left her house until she was completely ready to turn heads in her direction.

Over her shoulders, the young girl wore a sleeveless top that had a low neckline that showed off skin where her breast bumps began before falling into her purple top. Her bra was strapless at the shoulders, and didn’t really cover much except just where her nipples would be. Her legs were covered in yellow corduroy pants that came to just above the ankles. The effect somewhat made her look like a child, but it was a look that her boss like, and young Megan really wanted a raise.

She drove to her job at McDonalds, checked in with the manager, who was always ready to greet her with a smile. Dave had red hair, green eyes, and was nearing his forties. Even so, he still had some youth left in his eyes and his cheeks, and something about his freckles and his manners made Megan like him.

“Good afternoon,” Dave pleasantly stood up from where he had been doing some paperwork in the office and approached the young woman. He had asked her to come in on her day off so they could talk about a promotion.

“You work very hard every day,” he started as he walked towards the door that separated the office from the kitchens. “But honestly, Megan, are you really ready to take on the extra responsibilities that you are asking for?”

“Wha…what do you mean?” Megan asked looking up at him with her moist innocent eyes.

“Well, for one, as an assistant manager, you have to think of your employees first and foremost at all times, and you have to think how best to get the customers the service that McDonalds promises. That means that there are a lot of times that you’d have to pick up the slack and to motivate your subordinates to keep up.”

“I am sure I can do that,” Megan said quietly.

“I am not so sure you can,” Dave smiled weakly at her. “I’ve looked at your performance records, and it seems that every shift, you asked the manager or assistant manager in charge to leave your post at least twice.”

“Well, I just asked to use the bathroom, as far as I know,” Megan said reasonably. “Surely, we have a right to visit the bathroom if we need to do so.”

Dave nodded. “You have every right to use the bathroom, Megan, as an employee. However, this is not about that right. This is about using that right responsibly as well as keeping up with the work load. I would never expect you to make yourself sick or to make a mess for others to clean up, but I do expect my assistant managers to be able to judge the best time to take breaks, and to not leave us short when there are large numbers of customers coming.”

“I don’t ask to go if there are customers,” Megan blushed.

“You don’t?” he questioned. “From what I see, you were granted permission to leave the front when we had customers in line.”

Megan was surprised that such records were even kept. “Well, I didn’t ask to go. I was standing there, and getting ready to take the order when Sue told me to just go and she would cover the front.”

“And did Sue leave the front while there were customers in line?”

Megan had to think about it for a moment. She shook her head. “Not that I know of.”

“She didn’t because she is an assistant manager. She knows when she’s allowed to take a break, and when she has to just wait.”

Megan nodded. “So, um… I can’t get the promotion?” Megan asked.

“Tell you what! I’ll be watching you for two weeks and keeping records. If you manage to only go on your breaks when Sue, I, or another manager says it’s break time, then we can have another meeting to discuss this, but right now, as it stands, I can’t trust you to use good judgment in letting others go because you can’t even control yourself.”

Megan nodded.

“We are a little short today. Would you like to earn a little extra money as well as start trying to show me that you can be trusted to handle the promotion?”

Megan smiled softly. “But I don’t have my uniform with me.”

“That’s fine. I’ll lend you one. But remember, you are on training. If you fail to control yourself, and if you question another manager’s decision without good reason, then you will have failed and there will be no more talk about a promotion.”

Megan nodded.

Dave went to the lockers where they kept extra uniforms and pulled out an assistant manager’s uniform. He also pulled out some full bloomer panties and some socks with tennis shoes.

“You will wear this today.”

Megan nodded. She wondered why he had extra girl’s underclothes in the office, but she tried to shrug it off. For now, he was going to let her train as though she might be an assistant manager, and that was more important at the moment to her.

“Go out there, and check that front is ready for customers. The shake machine and soda machines should be full, there should be plenty of packets for nuggets sauces, cups, and other things readily available. If we are lacking anything, send the person you think is slowest at taking orders to the back to get the extra things.”

Megan went out to the front, and a few envious eyes watched her pass up to the front. She looked around and called Shane over to talk to him.

“When did we last check the soda machines?”

“I don’t know.”

“Then check it, and also get some cups from the back,” she started. Then she looked under the counters to make sure that other things were in order. A couple of customers came in while she was checking and she smiled up at them when she looked up. She watched as Anne took their order.

“What is Shane doing in the front?” she asked herself. “He’s trained to work in the kitchen area, not at the front. He would surely slow everything down. Maybe she would find out when he came back, and then perhaps put him back where he belonged.

Anne was standing there perfectly straight, as far as the customer could tell, but Megan could see that the brunette’s left hand was moving towards her thigh and then to her crotch. The thirty year old woman had to pee, but she was trying to not make a big deal of it. Megan blushed. That was her, the day before.

After Anne had taken the order, Megan walked to the prep counter where she had to put things into the bag for the customer, and she started to take over for Anne.

“There aren’t that many people her right now, so go take your break, and come back in fifteen minutes, okay?”

Anne looked at her for a moment before realizing the assistant uniform on her.

“You got the promotion?”

“Not yet, but I’m training for it today. And I think I’m supposed to watch, and I think you need a break.”

“Okay.” And Anne shuffled off to go take her break.

Dave was watching through a window in his office. He smiled as he saw Megan talk to Anne, and then saw Anne walking towards the back to clock out for fifteen minutes. She was sending Anne for a break, and she was already taking up the slack.

A few hours later, Megan had four people in the front she was supposed to work with while Dave ran the back, and she had already sent Shane to the back, and he was exchanged for someone that was just coming on duty.

Nothing seemed too for the first four hours, but Megan started to feel like she needed a break when a bus of people pulled up to the restaurant followed by two more busses! “What is going on?” she cussed to herself.

Dave smiled from the back towards the busses and to Megan. He knew that the busses were coming, and he had conveniently forgotten to tell Megan that they were coming, and not only that, but he was short specifically on managers that evening, so that meant that he wanted Megan to fully run the front though he had ‘doubted’ her abilities to do so.

Megan was going to show him that she could run the front, and she kept the registers full with working employees, now denying any requests to leave their posts while the people from the busses poured in through the door. There had to be over a hundred people there!

“Megan,” Cindy whispered as she walked by her getting a shake for a customer. “I’m really sorry, but I need a break right now.”

“I’m sorry, Cindy, no one takes a break while we have such a large group of people to serve. I understand you needing a break. I need one too for the same reason, but we are adults, and we have to do our job first.”

Cindy blushed and went back to her customer she was currently helping.

“Please take this number,” Megan handed the customer a number and wrote that number on the receipt. “Take the next order,” she directed Cindy who nodded with tears in her eyes.

The lines were causing an atmosphere of a crowded convention, and though Megan looked longingly to the direction of the bathrooms, she tried to keep her left hand from getting too close to her crotch, a tell-tale sign she had picked up on with Anne earlier that afternoon.

Cindy was starting to bend a bit and gasping in breath trying to hold it, and she looked at Megan with pleading eyes, but Megan could only look away. Letting the girl go, would only make them get further behind, and Megan wasn’t even sure she could hold out until the lines were gone.

Cindy took the next order. She was stuttering, and at one point, she started to mix up the orders. Megan pulled Cindy’s arm so that Cindy stood next to her while she finished the order, then she gave the customer a number and pulled Cindy aside.

“Is it that bad?” she asked the adult woman.

“Yes,” Cindy whispered.

“Then go to the bathroom, and then go clock out and go home.”

“What?”

“I’m sorry, but we must be responsible when we have customers. If you can’t be responsible, then I have to send you home.”

Cindy shook. “I can… I can take the orders.”

“Are you sure?”

She nodded, shaking.

“Alright, finish this customer.”

Megan felt terrible doing that to Cindy, and she looked down knowing what Cindy was going to do, but she had been made to do the same thing when she first started working at McDonalds, and now she understood. Managers have to be strict and expect people to work when they don’t feel like it, or times like this would never get handled.

Megan’s eyes watered as she saw Cindy bending at the waist holding her stomach and asking the next person in line their order. She could feel with sympathy because not only had she been there before, but she even had to pee right now, and she knew that if she wet her pants, she definitely wouldn’t get the promotion, but at least Cindy would not lose her job if she had an accident.

She tried to keep busy helping with all the bigger orders so that she wasn’t in one place too long. Somehow, the constant moving allowed her to feel like she could better hold it.

Cindy looked up at her next customer with sorrowful eyes. “A diet coke and a cheeseburger?” she repeated to the teenager, probably in high school.

“Yeah,” the boy said rolling his eyes.

Cindy waddled to the food prep counter to get the cheese burger, and that’s when Megan saw a small damp patch on her butt. She took Cindy by the arm to the side. “Go take care of business, but hurry,” her heart gave in. Cindy’s knees were bouncing her up and down with her legs close together.

“Thank you so much!” Cindy say before sprinting off to the toilets. Megan smiled and then went back to work trying to keep herself from getting too still so that she would notice her own desperation.

Cindy nearly ran to the back and saw a line from the girls’ room so long that she knew she wasn’t going to make it. She bent over at the waist and put her hands in her crotch. She was blushing hard.

“Aren’t you a bit old to be this desperate in line?” an old lady asked Cindy as she got into line.

“Yeah,” Cindy said her face reddening. “But there were so many customers, I couldn’t go right away, and now, I’m….” she couldn’t say the rest as it was too humiliating to contemplate even coming close to wetting, though that was what was happening. Already, her panties were damp and cooling. She had already leaked twice in her panties, and if it leaked again, she doubted if she could stop it from just flooding her clothes.

Megan continued working nervously looking for Cindy and thinking it was a mistake to let her go. If Dave sees her missing from the front, then surely Megan was going to lose the promotion. She sacked up another order and took a few more orders.

Cindy was finally just outside the door, when she first felt a little dribble, then a drizzle, then two powerful squirts, and finally it started gushing where everyone could see. Cindy crouched down an started to cry where she was, an continued to pee her pants as the old woman behind her went into the bathroom since Cindy was just going in her clothes now.

Dave happened to look out, and he saw one of the people in the front missing and whispered to Megan as Megan went to fill an order at the prep counter.

“Where is Cindy.”

“She was already leaking pee, so I let her go to the toilet,” Megan looked up at him pleading and wondering if she had done the right thing.

“Alright. Keep the front going. I’m going to check on her.”

Dave then went to the back and put someone he trusted in charge of the back while he went to go to the toilets and he found Cindy sitting and crying in her puddle of pee.

“Come on,” he pulled her up. “Let’s go to the office to talk.”

Cindy shook as she stood up. She felt like she was in far more trouble than she had ever been in when she was a young teenager and lived at home with her parents. She was sure he was going to fire her, give her a bad report, and probably tell any prospective employers that she had wet her pants at work and was fired for that.

She walked back with her head hung, and Megan hung her head when she noticed what Cindy had done. The customers were watching.

“Don’t worry,” Megan assured the next customer. “She’ll be cleaned up and have washed her hands before she’ll be able to work anymore. What can I get you?”

The customer smiled at her. “Two double cheeseburgers, fries, and two medium colas.”

Megan was still working for another hour before the crowds had calmed down and they started back to the busses. Megan then looked around and noticed that Cindy had not come back to the front. She nervously looked around at her other co-workers, and then started to send them on mini-breaks even though she, herself, was dying for a pee.

