Something That Definitely Probably Happened - Page 2

*025*2020-01-29 20:17

Anabel G.

Age: 34

Sex: Female

Height: 5’6”

Build: Use your imagination, you’re probably right

Race: Salvadoran

Occupation: Senior Sales Rep

The Incident: Hey there! So my name is Tami, I’m 36. I like long walks on the beach, tall, muscular men, and I pissed myself on a plane once, flying out to Seattle for a product training conference.

Hehe, well I have to start somewhere! I don’t know, I feel a little silly talking about this, since I wasn’t exactly expecting to take a survey on a porn website. I’m not actively engaged in the porn community or anything, so this is pretty new for me. Be nice!

So, I’ll say it was really embarrassing, and I felt super gross. Granted, it’s not the only time that I’ve wet myself. I peed a little getting home from work once, and I also wet the bed and then peed a little running to the bathroom after a long night of drinking. I might have even peed a little while waiting in line for the bathroom at times, lots of drinking also involved, so that’s my excuse! But this is easily the most public (and the wettest) accident I’ve ever had; and I think that’s what made it so exciting for me. It’s like, I could have done something, but I didn’t, and I peed myself because of that. I don’t know, you can understand why that might be exciting right? After all, you’re the one asking!

So a little back story. I’m the senior sales rep for a company that engineers client data management programs for small to mid sized businesses, at least as far as employee count goes. Larger companies have the funds to develop their own programs, specific to their needs; we market to companies that don’t have the resources for something like that, and charge them a fee for access. We do the programming, so you don’t have to!

So we just merged with a pretty large tech company, and our development teams have been working to incorporate advanced new software into our workflows. Corporate was requesting that all senior sales managers fly out to the head office for product training, so they could take the training back to their regional offices and train the staff from there. We were supposed to spend about two weeks training at the corporate office, and then go back home and train the staff after that. They paid for our room and board and everything, I felt like a queen!

But I should let you know, I’m not a morning person. I live on the east coast, and because of the time zone difference, I had to scram early to get there on time. I had my morning pee, and my morning coffee. Two coffees actually, because I looked like a mess. In fact, I just left in my workout clothes; I figured I could change at the airport.

The ride over was uneventful, except for my anxiety, building fast, as the traffic wasn’t letting up. When we finally got to the airport, I grabbed my stuff out of the cab’s trunk, and rushed inside. Thankfully, I’m super responsible, and I checked in to my flight the night before! But I still had to go through baggage check, and I was already cranky and annoyed. I waited, and waited, and to make things worse, I was starting to need a pee. I finally checked my baggage. Then I had to go up an escalator, get in line for TSA, and those coffees were draining into my bladder by the second. I was starting to get uncomfortable, and I was constantly staring at my watch. I was later, and these slow people needed to move.

As I’m packing everything into the conveyor belt so they could scan my stuff, I remember crossing my legs to help hold it. It was definitely helping, and I felt much less anxious knowing I could stave off my need to pee. I went through the scanner, they scanned me, and I picked up my stuff and hustled to the terminal. Thankfully, the terminal was close by. I looked for a bathroom. It was also close by. But the line… not a good sign. I crossed my legs again, wondering if I could make it to the bathroom before they boarded my flight. I talked to one of the stewardesses, and they said they would be boarding soon, but I would probably have time. So I got in line.

And I waited, and waited, and waited for some more. My legs were constantly crossed by this point, I definitely needed to pee. I have a relatively…. Expressive pee pee dance, you could say. I move around a lot;I have to stop myself from dancing around in front of people. I won’t even notice it sometimes! I have that doorbell with the camera on it, and I can’t tell you how many silly pee pee dances I’ve done while trying to get inside the house. I’m pretty sure the neighbors have seen me at least once!

So there I stand, subtly pee dancing in a long line for the bathroom, as my flight is boarding across the walkway. I was anxious; not only because I had to pee so bad, but because I was watching in horror as my flight slowly boarded, and the bathroom line was boarding even slower. I was so bothered. I tried to keep my legs crossed, but I was just so antsy.

Eventually, the entire flight was boarded, and I was a little more than halfway. By now, some of the other ladies were pretty desperate as well. One lady was constantly stepping from foot to foot, and another lady was standing very stiffly, blowing through her teeth. She looked like she was clenching her ass. She definitely had to poop, by the way she was moving. She turned around to see what was going on behind her every now and then, and then continued to clench anxiously, with a hand pressed firmly into her thighs. At some point, she bent over and put a hand on her ass, and then said aloud, “oh my god, it’s an emergency.” She then scurried toward the front of the line and begged the others to let her cut. They reluctantly agreed, to my dismay. She was obviously going to be awhile, and my flight was already almost done boarding.

I thought about begging too, but the fact that someone already did that was deterring me from being the second one to ask. I looked back at my terminal, and made the fatal mistake: I got out of line, still desperate to pee, and boarded my flight.

I thought I could use the bathrooms before we were seated. But as it turns out, that wasn’t going to happen either. The stewardesses, somewhat pushy (they would regret that later after needing to clean up my pee), urged me to get seated right away. I protested to one of them, a busty blonde about my age, and told her that I really needed to pee. She told me, rather frankly, and somewhat loudly, that I would have to hold it until takeoff, and then I could go. Bitch.

Because of her, several passengers around me were alerted to my predicament. Now keep in mind, I take good care of my body. I’m not new to the staring. But what I am new to is the staring while I’m bursting to pee. Not that it hasn’t happened before, but usually, I was already in line for the bathroom. Now, I was nowhere near it. I had a very full bladder at this point, and if I had to remain standing much longer, it would look like I was preparing for a tap dance recital. You might be pleased to know that I step around a lot when I have to pee. My old roommate used to tease me when I was waiting for the restroom, especially at the bar. My heels were so loud, clicking against the floor, that everyone stop and look over at me from time to time.

This time was different, because I had to hold a full bladder in front of watchful strangers. And it was very full, and very uncomfortable. Over the course of the pre- flight, taxing the runway, and the actual takeoff, my desperation went from an 8 to a 9. I was staring at my phone (fuck them, I kept it on during takeoff), trying to take my mind off my bursting bladder. My legs were squirming back and forth, visibly, and I was hyper aware of the guy in the window seat ogling my restless thighs. He wouldn’t be so happy if I peed right there. Or maybe he would have, I’ll never know. But it was obvious that I really had to pee to those around me, even the ones that weren’t also horny.

We’re finally about to reach cruising altitude, or whatever they call it, and I’m basically making a scene. I was audibly moaning at some point to contain my bladder, and you could see the bugle above my waistline. The woman next time me, on the isle seay finally spoke up, and asked if I was okay. I told her very frankly, as if it wasn’t obvious, that I was absolutely bursting to pee, and I was very very uncomfortable. She smiled understandingly, and said that she knew how I felt, as she’s been in some situations like that before. She started to tell me about a time she was desperate to pee at a wedding, but I had to cut her off as she started telling me the story. I laughed and told her, “tell me after I’ve peed, because hearing your story will only make it worse for me right now!” I said, squirming for emphasis as the gentleman to my right eyed my legs discreetly. She conceded and said, “okay, later! Don’t worry, you’ll get to go soon enough.”

But I didn’t get to go. I sat there, and wriggled and squirmed, sliding my legs back and forth, while the shy young man next to me continued to blush profusely as my legs occasionally brushed his. At one point, I accidentally kicked him as I attempted to recross my legs. “I’m so sorry,” I said, apologizing profusely, “I just really have to pee!” I said, with an embarrassed smile. He looked at me and also smiled, embarrassed, and laughed shyly, saying “It’s okay, I kind of figured. Just do what you need to do.” I squeezed my thighs together tightly as he said that, happy that I was given permission to pee dance freely by both of the people next to me. That was what I needed.

But what I needed more than that was to pee, and there was no way I was doing that before the fasten seatbelt sign came off. And it didn’t come off for another 15 minutes. And by then, I was about to wet myself. I was frantic, and I could not stop moving. I needed that bathroom now, or I was flooding the seat right where I sat.

I stood up very stiffly, with my hands jammed into my crotch to maintain control. I stood there and wiggled for a minute as the woman to my left looked nervous, and the man to my right looked pretty flustered himself. This would most definitely be the last time I could reach under my skirt and hold myself, and I did everything I could to take advantage of this final moment of help from my hands before stepping into the isle. I breathed a sigh of effort and frustration, pressing my thighs tightly together one last time, before finally looking down and the woman, red as ever, and asked her politely, “Can I get by you real quick? I’m going to try and use the restroom now.”

The woman next to me kindly stood up so I could move over. But in that moment of transition, my fate was sealed. A small line formed at the restrooms at the front and back of the plane. Apparently, I wasn’t the only one who had to go. I rushed over to get my place in line, but by the time I got there, I was 4th in line, with 2 women and 1 man in front of me, and about 4 people behind me.

The only good news here was that the people behind me blocked off the watchful eyes of those who were well aware of my predicament by now. I was stepping feverishly in place. I was desperate, and it was obvious. I had my legs crossed, bobbing up and down, and I squirmed my thighs back and forth past each other as my bladder reached its limit. People that hadn’t noticed before cleared noticed now, that this professional looking woman had a full bladder and was bursting to pee. I began stepping in place more and more forcefully as I ground my muscles into each other, attempting to give any additional assistance to my tired nether regions. I was making a spectacle, and the fact that I couldn’t use my hands anymore meant that my legs had to work overtime to keep my pee contained.

But my muscles were tired. I had been holding it for quite some time at this point, almost 2 hours, and I was sweating. My muscles were fatiguing, my calves were sore, my thighs quivered; I really had to go, and the line was just not moving. The mix of adrenaline and anxiety as I stood there, my bladder bulge clearly visible through my form fitting skirt, while others silently watched, only added to the complicated emotions I was experiencing at that moment: fear, excitement, worry, fear again, embarrassment, and…. Arousal? Not terribly aroused, but something about the way they were looking at me, some of the men in particular, got me particularly flustered.

There was a desire in some of their eyes, a subtle desire, that perhaps they didn’t even understand. It was expectancy. They were waiting to see what happened, they wanted to see what happened. They were watching me struggle, wondering if I would make it, because it looked like there was a good chance that I would not. I bit my lip with effort and raised my thigh to waist level. A man my age, still seated, began to blush. I blushed too. It was so much to take in.

Too much in fact. As I held my quivering thigh at waist level, pressing down the urge to pee, my muscles began to fatigue, and my urge began to rise. I whimpered, and raised the other thigh. But the pressure didn’t decrease. There was one person in line ahead of me at this point, but she had just walked in, and I was about to burst. I squirmed and wriggled and danced shamelessly as people slowly started stepping away from me, the person in front of me included. There was now a circular audience surrounding me, while I stood in an empty bubble, pee dancing like my life depended on it.

I felt a leak, and then another, and then another. Pee began running down my thighs and snaked down my calves into my shoes. I was having an accident. The people that sat next to me looked worried, and one of them was probably about to say something to the means of, “Hey, don’t pee on me.”

But it was no use. It was a lost cause. I moaned aloud, still stepping in place, and resigned myself to my fate. I whispered to the woman in front of me, “I’m starting to pee myself, I need to be next,” and she kindly let me cut her in line, as if she had been prepared to do so the entire time. But there was no point. The minute I cut her in line, I crouched down, closed my eyed, and pissed like a racehorse.

My ass instantly felt warmed up as pee pooled in the butt of my skirt before seeping through the skirt and puddling on the floor. You could hear the hissing sound of my piss hitting the skirt fabric with the force of a fire hydrant. I breathed heavily, eyes still closed, basking in the relief of pressure and the pleasure of warmth as I squatted and pissed myself. I was having a full on, pissy accident while everyone in the plane watched, and murmured mean and terrible and interesting things. I guess they’ve never seen a grown woman piss themselves before.

I felt like I squatted there forever. I didn’t want to see the damage of the puddle. I didn’t want to see anything. I was terribly embarrassed, completely humiliated, and for some reason, still aroused. It was too much for me to look in the eye at that moment. I came to as the door to the bathroom opened, and I heard a woman gasp as she saw me squatting there, sobbing quietly, with a flood of piss at my feet.

The rest of the flight was a bit of a blur. A flight attendant came and assisted me, asking that I clean myself up to the best of my ability in the restroom. I wiped down my legs, and did my best to dry my skirt with paper towels. The wet stain was still there, but it was now damp, rather than soaking wet. I smelled faintly of piss, and I asked outside if I could borrow some perfume from anyone, laughing nervously at the absurdity of the request, while also trying to use humor to suppress an emotional breakdown. A woman a few spaces back reached into her purse, and provided me with a floral looking perfume. I sprayed myself in the bathroom, beginning to feel marginally refreshed amid my terrible embarrassment.

The attendant helped me back to my seat, where I was asked to sit on a plastic bag, and I was given a towel for privacy. She was really sweet, and she apologized profusely for the wait to use the restroom. I didn’t feel like hearing it, but she was still a sweetheart. I didn’t say anything to anyone when I sat down. I just closed my eyes, and tried to pretend the world around me would disappear.

I woke up a few hours later, as we landed. I hadn’t entirely mentally recovered from my accident. I was in a hurry to leave. The people I sat by apologized for my accident, as if it was their fault, and I just sat there until everyone had left. I didn’t want any more eyes on my wet ass. I reached into my carry on, and tied a jacket around my waist as I walked out of the plane. I called the corporate office and told them that I would need to go home and change first, as someone had spilled alcohol on me during our flight. They were completely understanding, and I got my only reprieve in the last 6 hours from constant embarrassment.

When I got to my hotel, I was still feeling a little damp and cold, but not nearly as much as earlier. But I also had to pee again, since it had been hours since I had last gone, ironically. My focus was on collecting myself and getting to that meeting, so I worked quickly to get some new clothes together for work. Which also meant I neglected the bathroom until I finished getting ready. Stupid, I know. But I was not going to let pee stop me from getting on with my day, it could wait.

And it did wait. It wasn’t too bad, and I really did need to get ready. But as I was finishing up my makeup, I couldn’t help but start squirming again. My overworked bladder didn’t have nearly as much constitution as it had earlier this morning. It was weak and tired, and needed help from my legs. Haha. But as I stood there, squirming, I crossed my legs and leaned forward, moaning slightly as I finished my makeup. I ended up looking myself in the eye in the mirror, desperation written on my face and body once again, I the privacy of my own bathroom.

The look on my face, my hunched over posture, my crossed legs, I took it all in out of curiosity, realizing that this is what the passengers on the plane were ogling at. I allowed myself to squirm again, recrossing my legs and stepping lightly in place. A side profile of my ass looked pretty appealing, I had to say. I recalled that faint feeling of arousal I had, similar to what I was feeling at that moment, watching myself squirm with need. I blushed, again feeling that mix of shame and excitement, but now in private, I allowed myself to feel the excitement just a little bit more. There was something exciting about this, I had to admit. But admitting it was as far as I got that day. I had places to be.

No, I didn’t pee myself again. That was a terrible experience, on that plane, and although it turned into something good eventually, it would be some time before I revisited those feelings of arousal again. But not too long. Hopefully I can tell you about it sometime, it’s cool to know I’m not alone here

- Anabel

******************

Interlude: I apologize for the wait here folks. I’ve been working overtime back the office revising our new corporate policies for 2020. We recently acquired several smaller firms, and DMG Bot has been working overtime to get all the new firms on board. Integration is an ugly business; lot's a meetings, lots of travelling. But it’s all for the best in the end! They’re a great group of people, and I’m excited to start this new chapter at DMG Analytics!

Lol. You don’t give a shit about that. And that’s okay. It’s not like everyone's getting a free car! I hope you all enjoyed these stories. Personally, it’s refreshing to me to know that there’s other people out there that have had experiences and are willing to share them. It’s even more refreshing to see them knowing they’re not alone either. I don’t know about you, but I think that’s super cool. That’s why we’re all here, right? 7.82 billion people, and 7.82 billion stories; individual lives lived just as vividly as our own, that we might appear once in. It's easy to feel alone in a crowd like that, but if you've gotten anything out of this, it's that it's still a smaller world than we ever could have thought. And that's pretty cool.

I have a proposition for you all. Because of the wealth of data that has been compiled up to this point, and so many different factors and denominators to consider, I thought I would leave the choice up to you guys for the next sample. Having already done my due diligence, I have several samples already prepared, in part. The samples are based on location, where the incident occurred. I figured this would shed some light into how many incidents occur in a given environment, but the various reasons why the occur. It seemed to me that these would be effective parameters to analyze the data, but there are many other factors that play into filtering the date, so there’s various ways of breaking it all down.

Incidents:

Home Incidents that have occurred specifically at a residential or personal dwelling. Perhaps there’s a lot of roommates, and a long line to the bathroom. Maybe there’s a house party. Whatever it was, for whatever reason, it happened at someone’s residence. Work Incidents that have occurred on the job. This could be a restaurant, could be a call center, could be anything. There’s a lot of incidents that have happened at work. Just about every occupation actually. Something to keep in mind. School The classic “accident at school” scenario. There’s a lot of janitors across the country that had their work cut out for them, for a number of reasons. Maybe it’s a pep rally, or maybe it’s a test. Maybe it’s a sorority booth during rush week. Use your imagination. 

Entertainment The “out on the town,” incidents. A crowded bar means a crowded bathroom line. Or maybe it’s karaoke night, and the bathroom is on the other side of the building. Maybe it’s a movie that someone couldn’t pull themselves away from, or maybe it’s a game of pool with money on the line. Other In addition to location based filtering, I can also have DMG Bot sort based on other factors, or even further refine the results. Perhaps it’s based on a particular set of circumstances, or even intent. Yes, I can determine whether or not someone wanted to have an accident. I’m not sure why that would interest you (hint hint), but that is an option that is available. If it’s not here, I can still find it.

So there you have it everyone, that’s the breakdown! Where we go from here is up to you. Hasta luego!

- D.M.G.

*027*2020-01-29 20:58

{{On 1/17/2020 at 9:06 PM, ed2 said:

Is this all #1 incidents, or is #2 counted for too?

}}

#2 incidents are definitely counted too! I have a few in the works, and of course, they’re available upon request!

*028*2020-01-29 21:09

{{On 1/18/2020 at 3:17 AM, Apan said:

The idea on which this thread is suspended is actually something on which I've pondered for a long time and I'm glad to see I wasn't the only one (or the one who had to break it). In a vast enough universe and given enough time, all the desperation scenarios one have dreamed up in their head will happen. The girl or woman (I'm only into the female part of the whole affair as well) will be wearing just the rights clothes and end up in a desperate situation from which she won't be able to escape with her dignity intact; she will be prevented from getting to a toilet for all the right reasons and end up at just the right spot when the inevitable happens and so on. Given the enormous number of people there are, each one finding themselves situated in all kinds of places and circumstances, sooner or later these boxes should by law of probability be ticked. Good work in setting it all up against this framework!

Which in turn leads into the other aspect which you touched upon, the matter of fact that the story in question is simply plausible and not necessarily true. Let's not kid ourselves; there is no way that anyone reading a post here (or anywhere) will be able to determine whether or not it actually happened, let alone as described, posted in the 'real experience' section or not. For all I know, everything in the experience section may be hot air (and in all honesty, I suspect there is some) and the only thing we all can lean on is a certain suspension of disbelief. The best we can do for anyone not being able to confirm the authencity of a story (that is, anyone reading it on a forum) is to make it plausible. If it could have happened, it might as well have and the question of it being true or not is not (or should not be) relevant IMO since no one can confirm it anyway.

All in all, this has the potential of being the most epic thread on the whole forum. Especially the second story was the best one I've read in a while and if you are to continue along that line, I will be the last to complain. As for me, female desperation and accidental wetting is king, although I know the mileage varies on the forum, but if you want suggestions for further accounts, I'd say stick to your guns. One thing I love to read about are office/business scenarios involving meetings and such, if there's anything along those lines lying around.

Keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks a lot @Apan

, it’s cool to know I’m not the only one that’s thought about this. The plausibility of a scenario, and the number of times such a scenario could occur, successively, is enough to assume statistically that it actually happened, even if there’s no way to verify it. It’s an interesting way to think about things in general but especially if you’re every feeling like there’s no one out there into this kind of thing. I’ve had several girlfriends, and dated a few girls, that were open and willing to try this kind of thing, which is something I never in a million years would have thought I’d experience in person. The worlds a lot smaller than we think, I think! Haha!

I definitely have some office scenarios sitting around. Once again, it’s plausible. It’s happened once, so it can happen again. Keep that in mind when I post it

*030*2020-01-30 02:02

{{9 minutes ago, ed2 said:

I'd definitely love that!

}}

Me too ahaha. Well, do you have any requests? I’m sure I’ve got something here!

*032*2020-01-30 22:47

{{20 hours ago, ed2 said:

Incidents that I'd love to see:

At home, maybe a small house party, or just having a couple of friends over for dinner, either the host or the guest is too embarrassed to excuse themselves infront of the others, and leaves it untill it's too late. At work, an important office meeting. Alone, stuck in traffic. Hurrying home, making it past the front door, maybe even to the bathroom, but not to the toilet. Maybe it's only me, but I feel I have read enough school stories to hold for a lifetime. There are just suggestions of course, this is your story.

}}

I appreciate your input! It is my story, yes, but I think the context of this story means there’s always room for suggestions!

