Desperate female series (requested by SAM996)

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-07-30 21:07

A NEW TOILET IN THE HOUSE

(NOTE! The following stories will be a bit different from what has been requested! I just want to make sure i took the idea from somewhere on this site!)

A couple from New Zealand found their toilet to be broken and they decided it's time to buy a new one but tomorrow cause it's too late(10:30 p.m.) so they will go shopping tomorrow in the morning. Actually, the boy was the only one who went shopping cause his gf is an oversleeper and he wanted to avoid the long lines or queues so he woke up early.

When she finally woke up, she saw her bf with the new toilet, but the toilet looked unusual to her as it's a new high technology toilet. It can talk,it can clean itself,the toilet seat can be up and down depends on your vocal message, that means whenever you say flush the toilet, it flushes by itself as an example. And something very interesting: it also has password so you can lock/unlock the toilet at anytime. But she doesn't seem to be so happy.

Her: Sorry, babe! I don't want to make you upset but i kinda dislike this new toilet you bought.

Him: Are you kidding me? It is like the iPhones we have, a new thing in technology. Please let me show you how does it work!

Her: no,no please! away! (a bit mad and slightly pushed his hands away)

Him: are you okay, honey?

Her: I told you i don't like it so i think i won't use it anyway! It's just so hard for me to get used to some things.

He knows her very well, anytime when it's something she doesn't like, she gets so mad that she can push smth or someone so hard even her bf. So he decides to play with her so she can start to behave nicely no matter if she likes something or not. He just dislikes to see her mad for unknown/stupid reason.

Him: Fine, you give me no choice.

Her: What do you mean?

Him: I'm gonna put a password so the toilet will be locked. And don't try to ask me about the password cause you said you will not use the toilet, didn't you?

Him: But don't worry i will tell you my password if you change your mind but with one condition: you have to do what i tell you or you can pee wherever you want but i won't do that if i were you.

Her: why?

Him: cause i don't want to get caught, you know? You have two options, it's your choice,babe. (He left but not before to give her a kiss)

Her(realizing she did something stupid): Oh fuck! What have i done?

TO BE CONTINUED

*003*2018-08-20 09:58

{{7 hours ago, SAM996 said:

So have you got around to doing more and taking my advice? It's okay if you lost interest I don't mind.

}}

I just lost interest for a while but i will come back with new parts soon.

*005*2019-01-09 22:53

Part 2

Second day: The girl finally woke up and she still tries to figure out how stupid she can be. She didn't like the new toilet bought by his bf, and now it's only up to him if she is allowed to use the bathroom or not. And on top of that, she also needs to pee like a normal human being who wakes up in the morning. But she remember something else from yesterday when her bf said that she can pee wherever she wants except the new toilet from the bathroom with another twist: if she is caught by her bf, she has to pee herself and she was like: WTF!!!!!!!! and then he said that rules are rules. Poor girl, she has no choice.

Her bf is taking a shower so that means if she pees in a trash can, he won't notice anything. It's her chance now to relieve herself without any worries. She moved away a paper that says: "Amanda"(which is her name, so from now on, she will be known as Amanda). Amanda was wearing her pyjamas which are a turn on for her bf for unknown reasons. So she keeps wearing them so the guy will be satisfied. Now, she is pulling down her pants and tries to squat and to aim her vagina into the trash can so she can pee freely but not before her bf can be heard getting out of the bathroom, "Amanda, are you awake?" he said. Suddenly, she stopped her pee streaming and tried to pull up her pants but she slipped on a banana peel, "Ouch!" she said. "Are you hurt, babe?", "I heard you saying 'ouch' and i think you nee-" What the hell" he said. "Did you try to pee without being caught?".

"Uhm, no, of course not." Amanda replied / "really?" / "yeah" / "then why are your pants pulled down?" / "because..... because ....., you're right, i was trying to pee in the trash can" / "do you know what that means?" / "no, pleaseee" / i'm sorry, Amanda! It is wetting time"! She failed, her pee won't be going into the trash can but instead, it's going down her thighs till it reaches her feet and the floor which formed a big yellow stain around her crotch,her butt and her legs, a hissing sound was also heard when she was wetting herself. Her pants are now soaked with urine and she needs to take them off. Her bf gives his towel to Amanda so she can wipe her legs and her crotch. On the towel was written Amanda's bf which is Steve.

"I told you if you want to use the bathroom, you have to do what i tell or else you can spend your time wetting yourself!" She has no choice, she doesn't know what Steve will come up with next.

TO BE CONTINUED...

