Traffic Signal Chaos (Mega Man Battle Network)

Author: Captain L

*000*2023-06-30 22:20

Yai Ayanokoji looked out the window, the glass kept perfectly spotless, as she sat in a plush seat in the back seat of a limousine. At only eight years of age, Yai was accustomed to living her entire life with such luxury; being the only daughter of the CEO of AyanoTech, she had access to quite the pile of wealth, in no danger of sitting unforgotten. Today, right after school got out, she had been driven to downtown DenCity to do some shopping, as a pre-birthday gift to herself.

Out on the town, however, she was seeing the problems money couldn't solve. She was not the only one on the streets, a fact she was constantly reminded of whenever she looked upon the rows of standstill cars beside hers on the road. Yai had ample time to familiarize herself with these specific vehicles, because nobody was moving, and hadn't for quite some time. Though the cars were silent, idling in a low-power mode, she could just hear the frustrations and grumblings of the impatient passengers.

"Mmf..." If she had to be honest, she was among them. Everyone else presumably had someplace to be, whether it be home or work, fueling their frustration, the same held true for Yai, though in a bit less specific sense. Sure, returning home now would be excellent, but it wasn't strictly necessary. So long as she could get to a clean toilet, that was enough.

Shifting her butt in the soft seat, Yai's knees knocked together, her balled fists trembling as they resisted the innate urge to drift between her legs and press. As the Ayanokoji heiress, little miss Yai had been taught the importance of image, that she always had to look good and in control, appearing as if she were about to pee her pants would be a complete betrayal of that. Though, in her defense, she had been holding it for hours at this point, the struggle had taken its toll and she could no longer just push it off.

"Ohhh, why did I have to say that?" She had been noticeably desperate ever since class got out for the day and, once her bag was packed, made the smart decision to use the little girl's room before leaving the school building. But, just as she reached out to grab the handle, the door swung open from the inside, and waiting on the other side was Mayl Sakurai.

Mayl was one of Yai's friends, it should have just been a friendly look as she passed into the restroom, but it couldn't be that simple. Upon seeing her younger and smaller classmate, Mayl made a point of offering the now-empty commode, not just through body language, but spoken word. "Restroom is all yours, Yai."

That was when she hesitated. Through the open doorway, she could see the row of stalls, each containing a private toilet that would take care of her need and leave her feeling refreshed. It was the way Mayl had gone out of her way to bring it up, calling specific attention that Yai was looking to go to the bathroom, that gave her pause. Despite being in the fifth grade, Yai had skipped two grades, making her a lot younger (and smaller) than her peers. They were all "kids", but she was far more childlike in appearance. It wasn't uncommon, at least among those who did not fear her authority, to be treated as a girl even younger than her real eight years.

"Me, set foot in a restroom without gold faucets? No thank you," she huffed, and sauntered off without a glance back. However, even as she appeared resolute, doubt was already beginning to creep in. I really need to use it, though... Knowing her schedule for the coming hours, it would be reasonable to assume she could use the restrooms at any one of the stores she'd be blessing with her business, but even then, she knew it would not be so. A respectable lady like Yai couldn't just waltz into the public bathrooms, it would look bad. All she could do was steel herself for the coming discomfort. I'm not wasteful with my money, I won't buy that many items. Surely, I can hold it a little bit.

Here she was, hours later, in the back seat of her limo, bags of purchased goods in the adjacent seats, definitely never having answered nature's call. If traffic were flowing smoothly, she'd be back at her mansion in ACDCTown, and her bodily fluids would have been flushed away long ago, leaving Yai freed from the torment. She had more than enough time to ponder "what if", sitting at a near-total standstill for what felt like an eternity.

However long it was in real, measured time, the passage was plenty evident from the hot mass pulsing in her tummy. "Stupid strawberry milk," she muttered to herself, finally giving in and raising one leg above the other, slamming the lifted thigh down to apply pressure to her nether regions. Her fondness for the flavored dairy was known; just today, she had gone through several glasses. She regretted being so gluttonous with her consumption, because they all wanted out, now.

But what could she do? She wasn't moving, and given how desperate she already was, her chances of making it home weren't looking so hot. Obviously, she didn't have a toilet in the car to use. The many stores and skyscrapers that bordered the streets taunted her, because she knew, at least one of them had to have a bathroom. She had turned them down before, but at this juncture, she wouldn't make that mistake again. Yai Ayanokoji always learned from her mistakes. If she could just get in, she'd happily ask for directions to the little ladies' room from the nearest employee. But with traffic packed so closely together, the self-driving programs maintaining narrow margins to reduce their physical footprint, Yai couldn't even open her door. She had tried, and gotten a mild scolding for nearly scratching the paint job.

In the end, she could only draw one conclusion from her predicament: "Just thinking really isn't helping." Each consideration made of her bursting bladder only reminded her just how bursting it was, every drop taking unwanted residence within her body was so clear in her mind. She needed a distraction, and lucky for her, she had one. Everyone did, with their internet-capable PErsonal Terminal, the PET. She could browse the net or, if she needed someone to talk to, there was her NetNavi assistant program. She chose the latter. "Glide?"

With just that call, her NetNavi booted up, an elegant program clad in gold armor, the only thing befitting a girl like her, known as Glide.EXE. Though, she had to admit, his coloration did currently remind her of what she didn't want. That wasn't his fault, though, and he responded with the grace of a faithful butler. "Yes? Why did you summon me, Miss Yai?"

She wasted no time venting her frustrations. "What's going on with traffic?! It's getting... really uncomfortable here!" She tried to look normal, not about to pee herself, at least in the areas of hers in view of the PET's camera.

If Glide noticed, he was polite and said nothing about it. "I shall take a look, if you would so kindly jack me into the net." Yai quickly did as she was told, taking the PET's attached cable and jacking in through a port between the seat cushions. Glide flew off, leaving her with no one to talk to, just stewing in silence with her need.

It felt like an eternity before the NetNavi returned. "From what I see, there's been a sudden outbreak of WWW viruses on the DenCity net. They've been infecting the lights, causing collisions by altering the traffic signals. We should count ourselves fortunate that the lights on this road have remained red, or we could be involved in an accident."

"There's going to be an accident right here if we don't get moving!" The sentence had been floating out there for a second before Yai realized frustration had gotten the better of her, and she had said what she only meant to think. And she only realized that because of the long, awkward silence from Glide. Me and my big mouth. Well, nothing to hide anymore. She slammed her hands right back into her crotch, squirming like an eel pulled from the water, occasionally grunting in exertion.

Finally, Glide broke the silence. "I do believe I saw MegaMan on the local net, fighting the viruses."

The name-dropping had an effect on Yai, as she knew the name. MegaMan.EXE was the NetNavi of another of her classmates, and friends, Lan Hikari. Lan was a simple boy, not very smart and extremely dense, but he did have a knack for getting deep into trouble and, somehow, resolving it. Yai could remember the incident at school, where the network had been hijacked to broadcast WWW brainwashing, and how Lan had beaten that. It wasn't that long ago, after all.

And MegaMan was shockingly good at virus busting. If these two were on the scene, Yai had faith they'd beat the bad guys and fix everything. "But can they do it fast enough?" A whimper formed deep in the back of her mouth, and she shivered. I'd pay almost anything for some help here!

Just then, as if in direct response to her plea, she caught a glimpse of a familiar face through the narrow gaps between the cars, gliding past on his skates. "Lan!" Scrambling to the adjacent seat, Yai started frantically pressing the button that lowered the window, low enough for her to stick her head out. Which, with her diminutive stature, meant the whole way down. "Lan, you need to help me!"

Upon hearing his name be called from nowhere, and it not being his PET, Lan stumbled, nearly having his skates fly out from under him. It was only quick thinking and a hand on a streetlamp pole that prevented him from a face full of pavement. He had to look around, frantically, before he spotted where Yai's voice emanated from, and even then, first spotted her from the sunlight reflecting off her massive forehead. "Yai! Are you alright?!" He sounded panicked.

But not as harried as Yai was. "No, I certainly am not! I have been stuck in this standstill traffic for an eternity, all because of some dumb virus, and I'm on the verge of-"

"Sorry, wish I could help, but I've got more important problems to worry about right now! Good luck!" With a wave, Lan sped off down the street, and Yai was left poking her head out the window like a dog.

Shame and embarrassment took hold, and she slunk back into the nearest seat, rolling up the tinted window to hide her from the world. Out of sight from the public, she went back to her regular squirming. No hands in her genitals this time, however, for they were needed to operate her PET. "Can you believe that idiot Lan, saying he has more important matters to attend to than assisting moi?"

"With the many viruses infecting the network, Lan and MegaMan are most likely preoccupied with serious matters. You must understand, Miss Yai, that your predicament is not so serious in the larger scale."

"It feels serious to me!" As if to emphasize her point, Yai's thighs rubbed together, like a caveman starting a fire with nothing more than two sticks. One hand had to dive between their jiggling trunks and grasp at her private parts, leaving only her off-hand to operate her PET. "Nngh!" Her knuckles turned white as she clasped, hard enough to threaten to cut off blood flow.

But it produced results. Her inflating balloon of a bladder eased off on the pressure, and though she remained coated in a thin sheen of sweat, breathing strained and heavy, things really weren't so dire. She was at least able to open her eyes, no longer having to put her everything into holding. That opened up some space in her mental processing, soon filled by a sense of cautious optimism. "No, I am not going to degrade myself to the level of a toddler and have an accident! I shall overcome this trial! After all, I have survived many an opera with no leaks to speak of! This shall be the same, no matter how long it may take." She settled into her seat, knowing she'd better get comfortable, but kept her legs closed. A few small whimpers echoed in her throat. I really need to go...

###

True to Yai's wishes, her limo had moved. One inch. In the last hour. Other than that, her predicament was the same as it had been, with one key difference: it was so much worse. Any and all attempts at composure had deteriorated and been stripped away, and she now acted as she truly felt: BURSTING. Her legs were tightly crossed, her slender fingers tensed against her crotch, she could not stop wriggling and twisting on her rear end, and she had retreated into her own world, concentrating solely on holding. Was she still in traffic? Was she miles or minutes away from the nearest toilet? She didn't know, everything she had was focused on the golden ocean that had to stay contained.

Need to pee... I'm going to explode, I need to pee so badly... The last time she came this close to wetting herself, it was... just a month ago, actually. The water supply to ACDCTown had been cut off one day, which made the act of flushing challenging, to put it one way. A proper lady like Yai couldn't just leave her messes to sit in the toilet, and with it not being a net-based problem (that she could see), she was left with little recourse but to wait for the utilities to be restored naturally.

Things were getting very uncomfortable that day for Miss Yai, intent on waiting it out, when she heard the telltale sounds of water once again running through the pipes. Excited that her torment was finally at its end, she leapt up from her seat on her plush bed and ran to her private bathroom, spinning the handle on the sink faucet to confirm. And water did indeed come out, but not the crystal-clear kind she demanded, not so much water as a thick, purple sludge.

Mayl would later reveal to Yai, in confidence, that she could wait no longer and deemed that, if it came through the plumbing in the first place, it would flush away without trouble and promptly hosed down her own toilet full of the vile stuff with comparatively clean urine. Yai, however, had standards, and refused to expose her bare personals in vicinity of that. Meaning a couple more hours of agonizing holding. She had just about convinced herself into forcing one of their chauffeurs to escort her someplace with proper running water when the email came in that all was finally well. Yai Ayanokoji's white porcelain throne would be stained yellow soon after.

Being so recent, the torture and misery of that ordeal was still fresh in her mind, she could so easily recall the frequent stabbing pain and burning pulses her distended bladder threw her way as she curled in on herself atop her pink blankets. But, for her money (a saying that carried a lot of weight to an Ayanokoji), her current predicament was even worse. Maybe not in a physical way, the quantitative volume may have been nearly identical, but the mental perception. Yes, she was desperate at home, extremely desperate in fact, but she had security in the knowledge that she was one room away from the proper relief. And if still she were pushed too far... Well, a change of clothes was right there. No such safety nets this time.

She had to hold it, there was no alternative. "Nngh... Mmgh... Hnngg..." No thoughts in her giant head, just an undisturbed wall levied against the forces her bladder assaulted against its faltering strength. All she could do to reinforce her defenses was hunch further forward, and rub her legs until the sides of her hands, entombed between her thighs, were chafed red.

"Yah!" And even that wasn't enough. A very small spot pressed tight against her private parts suddenly turned white-hot, and if anything could bring Yai back to the present moment, it was that piercing heat. Given where it was localized, she knew the exact cause: pee leak. It had been contained inside her so long, surrounded by her rising body heat, no wonder it was boiling.

This development, this momentary loss of control, was of particular worry to Yai, because she never leaked. Even when pushed to her limit in the water incident, her panties remained one-hundred-percent clean and dry the entire time, save for some sweat in the throes of the hold. No, a perfect lady like Yai never leaked pee, which could mean only one thing: she had exceeded her limits this time. Her bladder, filled past its brim, had resorted to ejecting some of its bursting contents to avert terrible injury for its mistress. And it didn't stop there, soon joined by a second, a third, all taking residence in her increasingly uncomfortable underwear.

"Mmmmmffffhhh," she groaned, redoubling every facet of her seated potty dance, to no avail. Her heart rate spiked as the reality of this situation she had found herself in settled; she was going to wet her pants in her limo, in public, where she'd have no escape from her fluid embarrassment for as long as it took to get out of this traffic. Traffic that still wasn't moving.

As was to be expected, Yai's PET had all the options, giving her NetNavi the ability to keep tabs on her vital signs. She had been dreading hearing it for quite a while, but finally, Glide spoke up. "Miss Yai, excessive holding can lead to many detrimental health effects."

"I know, I know," she tersely interrupted, "then tell me what I'm supposed to do!" She knew the potential after-effects of holding her urine for too long, beyond simply the inevitable soaked panties, running the gamut from lingering soreness to literally exploding, she was sure. But, so long as this car stayed where it was, its neighbors packed in so close that the doors were inoperable, she was imprisoned, where nothing but an accident awaited her. She was so unfathomably desperate, she would have used a cup or bottle, if only she had even that. No, all she could do now was look up, through the skylight window, as she fought to the bitter and sopping end.

That's when the light went off in Yai's head. She said nothing, though she could hardly be called "silent" with all the grunting, as she climbed to her feet atop the seat and reached up to the open window. This, of course, did not go unnoticed by the limo's driver, who had up to this point remained mostly silent, as it was not in his job duties to question his employers. "Miss Yai, please remain seated!"

But Yai would not be deterred, not now. "B-be quiet! I'm sorry, but I'll be back! This is an emergency, I can't wait any longer!" She put extra emphasis on the word "emergency", not only highlighting how much of an emergency it was, but simultaneously making it obvious how literally she meant "emergency" in one of its common definitions. I'm gonna wet myself! This must be worse than anyone in the history of man has ever needed to go! And she would find her salvation, if she could just reach this skylight.

Shame Yai was a shorty. Even inside a vertically-cramped vehicle, with her arms stretched upward, the tips of her fingers only just brushed against the rubber lining against the edges of the frame. "Come on..." Raising her heels, standing on her toes, straining her shoulders, all of it was necessary for her to clamp her fingers around and touch the outer roof. "There!" Now it was just a matter of hoisting herself up and out, which she didn't expect to be too challenging. Not only did she excel at every subject in school, including gym, but she was small, low weight.

At least, she ordinarily would be, were it not for the fluid mass she were currently encumbered by. "Hhhnnnnngggghhhh!" So badly she wanted to clutch her groin, but with her hands raised and lifting her, using them in that way would be impossible. At least, not without falling back in, and jostling when she really couldn't take a jostle. She just had to be a big girl and deal with the crippling pain until she was out.

It was an arduous hoist, but eventually, Yai emerged from the confines of her vehicle and felt the sun's rays directly on her fair skin for the first time in hours. The slight breeze felt pleasant after so long in the stale air inside, yet at the same time, the chill it brought was a harsh reminder of the layer of sweat that coated her brow. Ironic, given that this perspiration formed as a result of straining to keep other parts of her dry. There was a limit to how much it could do, if her panties were any indication.

Step one of her daring escape was complete, so it was time for Yai to realize that her step two had some holes. She was on top of the car, but lacked any good plan on how to get down to the ground from here. Under ideal circumstances, this would hardly be a challenge; just sit on the edge of the roof, dangle her legs off the side, and throw herself down onto the road. It would be a rough landing, no small fall onto hard asphalt, but she could walk it off, surely.

Obviously, her current condition didn't make her legs weaker, unable to take the impact, but she was hesitant to press her luck on the other front. I'm... so full... She had a taut water balloon in her stomach, her bladder left with very little elasticity to use. It was sensitive, and its barely-contained contents would ripple if force were to be applied, irritating the inner walls across their entire surface. That would be bad.

But what could she do about it? What goes up must come down, and now that she was standing on the roof, drawing eyes from the many cars jammed onto the road in the surrounding area, this fact of nature and all its implications dawned on her. I have to jump down. No matter what I do, I have to jump down. Even if she were to abandon her quest and retreat back into the limo, it would still be a leap. There would be no avoiding the shock. Aside from, hypothetically, staying on the roof and wet herself first, in such plain view of the public that she would practically be putting on a performance for them.

Yai shook the negative thoughts out, sending her massive pigtail braids whipping around, and looked down with a gulp. "No, I can do this, naturally! I'm Yai Ayanokoji! If anyone can do this, it's moi!" She talked a big game, but when it was time for action, taking that last step still gave her pause. "Here goes nothing..." She closed her eyes, still couldn't even have her head facing in the direction necessary to looking down, but she did it. Without even taking every safety precaution, she stepped off and slid down the side. If the hem of her dress caught on an edge and flared up, she didn't see it.

True to her predictions, the landing wasn't a pleasant one. "Agh!" She stumbled, fell to the ground, and would have totally collapsed were it not for quick thinking and catching her fall with her hands on the road. Really, the one surprise was in her bladder. It hurt, it did not like the sudden movement one bit, but it didn't have any sort of violent reaction. No ripples, waves, or sloshing to be found, but that wasn't necessarily a good thing. It just meant she had nary a drop's worth of free space, which seemed unbelievable whilst considering the renewed dampness shaken both into and out of her panties. The scattered drips on the tar between her knees also begged to differ.

"Too... too much," Yai whimpered, trickles of tears dribbling down her cheeks. And it still paled in comparison to her other bodily fluid leakage, at least when it came to quantity. Wearing them everyday and keeping them spotless, Yai had taken the feeling of dry panties tight around her swimsuit region for granted, but now that her undergarments were saturated through and through, she couldn't remember what it was like to be clean. She couldn't even remember what it felt like to not be in rending agony, all thanks to strawberry milk. "Burst... Bursting..." She could barely choke out words at this point, the desperation was so severe, each syllable passed through her vocal cords like a baseball through a drinking straw.

A voice came from the weight in her dress pocket. "Miss Yai, the nearest lavatory is located in the traffic control center." Though he disagreed with her reckless actions, Glide would continue to assist to the best of his ability.

Looking back up towards the city block that encircled her, through watery eyes, everything seemed out-of-focus but one thing: a skyscraper at the end of the road, its glass doors sitting beneath a large scene reading "DenCity Traffic Control". It was lucky placement, and probably the only think that could give Yai hope. Though her heart, and bladder, hung heavy within, she got on her feet and straightened up. She hunched forward almost as soon as she had, though. "Good, because they're going to get a piece of my mind about this mess! But, after I've gone."

Not that it was any safer, given the lack of moving traffic, but Yai's first order of business was to snake between the cars and stumble onto the sidewalk, where she'd have a far easier time simply going straight, no time wasted avoiding obstacles. She couldn't spare the kind of attention needed to not walk into a car if she wanted to. From here, she knew it was a straight line to her destination, so, with faith in that, she hobbled down the street with her upper body arched in on itself.

All the pedestrians she passed could not possibly mistake what ailed the little girl. With her hands never leaving her crotch, her legs stiff as they hurriedly carried her along, the sun reflecting off small snakes of liquids down her thighs, one would have to be blind to think it was anything other than a mad dash to the potty. And, at this point, Yai didn't care. So long as they didn't see her actually wet herself, her image in this moment was a worthy sacrifice.

Of course, as the moment lingered, there was ample chance for shame and regret to seep in, and this walk seemed to stretch for miles. Without any visible frame of reference, Yai could not tell where she was on this road. With every step, she hoped that she would enter the long shadow of her destination, and when that turned out to be misguided, her inner strength faltered more and more.

To say nothing about the state of her bladder. No longer sitting still, the constant motion tired the already-stressed organ at a rate far faster than previously. This frantic, uneven gait meant Yai's shoes would catch the cement at a bad angle, sending a shock up her body, one that resonated in her heavily distended bladder, bloated with as much strawberry milk, filtered and reduced to nothing more than waste, as it could possibly hold. Maybe even more.

It was no wonder she was starting to lose her bravado. I can't do this, I'm going to have an accident any second now! Did I already? Well, if I did, I might as well finish it off. Yet, even doubting every second of the hold, she kept up the good fight, simply bearing with the massive bulge in her abdomen. Said protrusion just wouldn't shrink, even as her palms and fingers continued to bathe in new showers of urine already soaked through her panties. She was sure that, if some bad apple were to follow her to kidnap and hold for ransom, they could easily track her from her breadcrumb trail of pee on the sidewalk.

It wouldn't be that hard to catch Yai, when she was doing things like slamming her hard forehead directly into a glass window. "Oof!" She nearly fell back on her butt, but placing a foot behind her caught her before it was too late. "Ouch! What was-" She was prepared to chew out whatever stood in her way when she was most needing, but that hostility disappeared when she looked up and took in reality: her collision was with the window directly beside the entrance door to the traffic control center. Were she a foot to the side, the automated door sensor would have seen her and opened, saving her the embarrassment of crashing into the window like a dumb bird.

There had been drops of tears clouding Yai's vision ever since she got out of the car, but seeing this sight through her blurred vision, they rose to full-on crying rolling down her face. I made it! I made iEEP! It was too early to celebrate, when said celebration relaxed her just a hair, resulting in an unequivalent retribution for such a minute loss in control. She might not have noticed it; given the frequency and consistency of her leaks, her hands were already drenched in wetness and warmth, more just didn't register. The new element was sound, a splatter on hard ground not unlike a sudden, torrential, extremely localized downpour. It only lasted a second, but there were so many individual splashes layered atop one another, breaking apart and spraying up against her shoes and ankles, that she took notice. She couldn't not, and now that it had gotten this bad, it was time for drastic measures. "Gotta PEEEEEEEEE," she yelled for the world to hear as she bolted inside.

Despite, or perhaps because of, the chaos outside, the lobby of the traffic control center was deathly quiet and nearly abandoned, save for the security guard/receptionist sitting at a desk opposite the entrance. "Young lady, what brings you-"

She didn't even wait for the proper end to the question before giving her response. "Bathroom bathroom bathroom BATHROOM!" She repeated herself over and over; if the man didn't hear her and she had to reiterate, that wasted time could be her end. Whether because of the reiterations or not, the man got her message. He probably didn't even need the verbal hint to figure her out, and he responded in turn, without speaking. He just pointed to his right, to some hallway that extended out of the foyer. And let it never be said that Yai Ayanokoji was ungrateful. "Thank you," she squealed as she dashed out of sight.

She could hardly look ahead of her anymore, so when she crashed through the first door, she had no idea where it would lead her. It could have been a conference room, it could have been a supply closet, it could have even been the men's room. Whether the world respected her authority, it was good karma rewarding her, or just luck, things looked good. The pink tilework, wall of mirrors, and wall-to-wall line of stalls confirmed: this was the ladies' bathroom. Clean, empty, literally everything Yai needed right now. With her shoulder in front, she charged into the closet closest to the entrance.

Inside the enclosed space that now belonged to her and her alone, Yai was finally able to look straight ahead of her, fully intending to gaze upon the pure white seat of her salvation. But it wasn't there. The back well was barren. Immediately, her heart plummeted, crashing right into her rock-solid bladder. "No," she whispered, bewildered and speechless. "No no no no, this can't be happening... There has to be a toilet, there has to be..." She kept mumbling, like repetition would suddenly make it true. But, in her defense, it was unbelievable that a bathroom stall wouldn't have a toilet.

That's when her head, heavy from exhaustion, drooped, filling her vision with the floor. And she found the toilet. It wasn't the tall, sit-down toilet she was accustomed to, but one mounted on the ground, a long, shallow trench just waiting to be used. Obviously, Yai recognized it; Electopia had mostly switched to sitting toilets for personal use, but it was still possible to find the squat kind in public locations, and having traveled to places like YumLand, she knew them well. Yai wouldn't even give a squat toilet the time of day, just walk away and wait for a more comfortable solution that wouldn't tire out her knees.

But she was no fool. Yai wouldn't pass up anything at this point, no matter how crowded, dirty, or even unorthodox. She'd even take a literal hole in the ground at this point, at least this was a real toilet. Pristine, too. "TOOOOOOOOILEEEEEEEET!" Stamping her feet on either side of the little ditch, so the arches of her feet aligned with the curved end before her, Yai pinched the hem of her red dress and threw it upwards, quickly hooking her thumbs around her panties and thrusting them down.

Obviously, the next step was to squat down and do her business. In her frenzied flurry, she was already bending her knees and bringing her butt to the floor, so she was only seconds away from the finish line. But her bladder was just too full, her tiny body could take the pain and pressure no more, and she let go. "Ah!" In a hasty gambit, she released the strength in her legs and let gravity do its thing, falling to the floor with a thud, and not a moment too soon. The many leaks she had been subjected to up to now, that she had been unceasingly disgusted and worried over, suddenly seemed like drops in a bucket. A violent hiss immediately echoed off the hard walls of the little girls' room, all emanating from the torrent of pee now jetting from her urethra.

From her urethra, sailing right over the toilet. The toilet had a lip raising out of the ground, like a miniature bowl turned sideways, whose purpose was to catch the spray that came off a stream hitting the water. In extreme cases, it could also serve as a safe target for a highly pressurized tinkle, as Yai was producing. However, that assumed proper aim, and with her slapdash duck, accuracy was not something she possessed. Her hose sailed, very quickly and straight, right over the built-in precaution, splattering atop its curved edges and the bare floor beyond it. Only a few stray droplets, ones breaking off from the main force mid-flight irregardless, made it into the toilet as they should.

Still a frenzied mess, heart beating out of her chest, Yai noticed her poor aim immediately. "Aah!" Have to fix it! Now! An easy thing to think, not so easy to make happen. Without being on her feet, it wasn't really possible to make minute adjustments; her rump didn't have the muscles for that control. The best she could do was shift her center of balance, her upper body tilting inward, to sort of fall forward and change her angle at the source. And it worked, the slant of her hose changed, tracing a path of piddle closer, over the lip of the splash guard, until it finally passed and went straight in. She still hit the back wall of the basin, of course, she still really had to go.

But she was going. It was a long road here, but now that her pee was properly in the toilet, Yai Ayanokoji could truly say she was going to the bathroom. She was still tense from the muscle work required to hold her swollen bladder, but finally, she was able to recognize that she had completed this grueling marathon. She could relax, and she did so promptly. "Haaaaaahhhhh..." Having used her entire well of strength, she could no longer keep her jaw closed, drool dribbling down her chin and a low moan reverberating off every surface.

Shudders ran up and down her body in recurring waves. Many of them were nerves, extreme sensations coursing her veins that chilled her to the bone, sprouting goosebumps down her arms and legs. And how could it not? Such relief, centralized on the most sensitive parts of her tiny body, there would always be an onslaught too great to bear. But there was the other component, the much more physical side. Her torrent was so wide and ferocious, unceasing in its oppressive force, she could feel the vibrations generated with each minuscule variation, like an electric massage.

And looking at the pee itself, as she was left with little choice to do without the drive to close her eyes or avert her gaze, it was little wonder the impact was so severe. The color was a bright yellow, hydrated but not overly so, and that was by intention. She knew to drink enough to maintain good health and clear skin, but not so much that she was taking excessive potty breaks. It only fell apart when her schedule did. The stream flew straight and true with a flattened curve, but it did drop altitude, albeit only just falling into the commode's moat at its farthest corner, where the collision itself was mostly hidden in shadow.

She hadn't been going for that long, but the shallow water sitting in the toilet was already dyed much the same dirty gold, the misty cloud spreading with each ripple across its surface. The majority emanated from the far end, naturally, but it wasn't as simple as that. The strength nature had called Yai with meant a lot of momentum as it was released from her, that held true even now, but liquid didn't stay so uniform when exposed to the open air. The flood split vertically somewhere along the way, where the wider left side didn't travel quite as far as the right, and regardless of the range, each created a rainstorm beneath them. Not all of it even made it into the toilet, a percentage got too stuck to the folds of her privates and instead trickled down her body, making a warm puddle against her squished buttcheeks.

All the while, she felt it: the tight walls of her bladder, bulged as far as it could, deflating. The muscles, pulled to their maximum, no longer had to work to the bone under the weight of her bladder, and the burning discomfort she had grown so accustomed to began to flush away. It wasn't so much a "good" feeling, but a lack of the bad stuff, and at the end of the day, that was enough for Yai. "Haaahhh..." Lost in a sensory haze, the passage of time no longer meant anything to her.

She blacked out for so long, she only came to when she realized that the room was quiet enough to hear a pin drop. "H-huh?" Her head darted around several directions, seeing nothing but an empty washroom, before she remembered why she was here and looked down. Her body was firing no fluids from its orifices, and while the water in the toilet trough was now the hue of gross urine, it was a still water that seemed as if it hadn't been disturbed in some time. "Oh, I guess I've finished." To tell the truth, the anticlimactic conclusion was a bit disappointing. "I'm sure it went for a very long time. I would do no less than the most, naturally!"

It was a vain assurance, no doubt, but she had real reason to think the volume she produced this day was an impressive one. Outside the toilet itself, whose water level looked pretty normal and still low, the puddle at her bottom spread farther than she would have guessed. For a collection of loose runoff, the rounded puddle had a radius to it, and the rivers that reached down the canyons between tiles went several times longer.

And that was just the free pee. Compared to what was soaked into her clothes, it was practically a desert. Yai usually wore white panties, something simple yet proper, and today was no exception, a clean white pair with several layers of lace trim around the waistband. But as it stood, there was less of the original white than the stain yellow. Not only was the gusset and most of the butt positively drenched in her bodily fluids, but the thorough soaking left them a little... inadequate in their coverage. It was slight, but with the undergarments stretched out to the end of their elasticity between her splayed legs, vague colors of the wall in front of her were visible through the saturated patch. The wetness made them at least somewhat transparent, a bit of a concerning issue for something intended to cover her private parts.

But that wasn't even the end of her wet clothes. She hadn't been thinking about it at the time, just doing what was necessary, the possibility hadn't even crossed her mind before she actually looked at her dress. As she ran to the bathroom, holding her crotch like her life depended on it, her skirt had been stuck in the middle and was pushed against her groin in the process. As such, when she leaked through her underwear, it seeped into the fibers of her dress. With a light red color, the damp splotch was very evident.

"I really don't want to wear these..." No one could blame her for not wanting to put a pair of soaked panties back on, but even as she complained, she knew she had little choice in the matter. Obviously, she had to wear her dress, else she'd be naked. The wet part wouldn't press against her, anyway, so an aversion was strictly for appearance reasons. Underwear, she could theoretically get away with neglecting, but such nudity would be positively unacceptable for a lady of her standing. Plus, her dress wasn't the longest, and being so distracted until recently, she couldn't remember if it was drafty outside or not. She had her PET on her, she could send an email out for any one of the family servants to rush out with a fresh change of clothes and a vow of secrecy, but it would still be admitting her accident. And, with traffic as it was, she could be stuck in here for an eternity before anyone could reach her.

"No other way, I suppose," she sighed, despondent. Placing her open palms on the floor to her sides, she pushed downward, lifting her upper body enough to pull her feet in under herself, whereupon they took the brunt of her weight on their heels. Then, she straightened her knees, and she was standing up straight, which wasn't a vast height advantage compared to her while sitting. Gravity pulling on them, able to move with her legs close together, her waterlogged panties slid down her shins and crumpled at her ankles, settling right in her little puddle. In a surprising display of restraint, Yai's only reaction was a sharp exhalation through her nostrils. "Really?" She'd have been more upset if they could have gotten possibly any wetter than they already were.

Resigned to what she had to endure, Yai bent over and pinched two of the few dry parts of her underwear, pulling them up once her grip was secure. With every inch they raised, she winced more and more, doubts about this course of action continued to infect her thoughts, until every one was confirmed the instant fabric touched folds. "Yah!" It was gross and damp, she had expected as much, but she was not prepared for just how bad the direct contact would be. The underpants were still warm, but already cooling noticeably. She didn't know which was worse.

For a second, she considered turning back and going bare down there, but with a big gulp to swallow that hesitation, she made the final tight pull to get her panties snug in place, wiggling her hips to get those final creases resolved. The constant press against her skin made the disgusting sensation worse, but she grit her teeth and dealt with it. "Ew. All the more reason to return home as quickly as possible."

She knew there was no way to dry herself off to a satisfactory level, but that didn't mean she couldn't try. Reaching down to the roll of provided toilet paper, which appeared to be recently replenished, Yai took the end of the strip and began rolling it around her hand, possibly a dozen times before tearing at one of the many perforated lines to separate herself from the cylinder. After all, she needed plenty of paper to clean up after herself.

First came the puddle she had left directly beneath her, a mess that necessitated using half the thickness of her paper wad to soak up everything without having to touch it. As soon as the wipes touched the pool, they seemed to suck in the water, and as all but the top layer of paper was made soggy, the last of the pee vanished, and this area was deemed good enough by Yai. "The cleaner can handle the rest." A janitor could handle all the urine she'd left, but she didn't want to be rude and make extra work. Plus, it would be absolutely unacceptable and unbearably mortifying to allow some potentially male custodian to see a young girl's tinkle left behind.

Next came the chaos left on the other side of the toilet from her initial misfire at the onset, before correction. This one wasn't built up over as long a time, but the strength of the stream that created it was many times stronger. As such, its splatter was far wider, with an uneven puddle and many, many drops far beyond its borders. Getting on her knees and hunching over the ditch, she wiped the whole area down, having to grab more toilet paper to get the job done. The whole ball was then thrown into the used toilet water.

Now came the easier part: cleaning herself. Most of her bodily fluids had slid off her skin, so only a vague trail remained on her legs, which she wiped down with a single square for each thigh. And, finally, a little tidying up of the worst of it, against the spigot. She couldn't work miracles, but she pulled the front of her panties out and shoved a handful of toilet paper in, scrubbing both the clothes and herself down, and laying a thrice-folded sheet to serve as a buffer between the two for now.

Letting go, letting the elastic snap back to place, Yai took a moment to reflect. She felt tired and nasty, but at the end of the day, she mostly made it to the bathroom. She was empty, flushed free of all that agonizing holding, and she could bask in this return to the status quo. And, as she pushed the lever to pull all her waste away in a whirlpool, pretty much all the evidence that ladies used the toilet disappeared down the pipes. Now all she was left with was sopping wet undies.

As she turned around to leave all this behind her, she was met with two things. Or, rather, she saw herself in the wall-mounted mirror, one thing that spawned two disparate thoughts. The first was her wide-eyed blank stare in her reflection meaning she never shut the stall door in her haste. "Oh... I'm lucky that no one else entered the room." Someone seeing the Ayanokoji heiress with her butt hanging out would ruin her family's legacy, no question.

The second thing she noticed was, standing before the mirror, the visibility of the wet patch on the front of her dress was apparent. It wasn't large in size, roughly the size of a baseball, but it was a fair shade darker than the red cloth that surrounded it, and even under the dim lights of the incandescent bulbs, it carried a shine. Even as she clasped her hands together and covered the spot, some was still visible. "How am I going to get out of here without turning heads," she groaned. Even as she continued to look, no ideas came to her.

Bri-ri-ring!

Though she was loathe to admit it, Yai yelped and jumped from the sudden noise from her pocket. She might have wet herself, if there were anything left in the tank. And the most embarrassing part was, she knew exactly what it was that caused the sound. It was just a standard alert sound from her PET, and once her heart started beating again, she reached into her pocket and pulled the device out.

As soon as she had done so, the screen lit up, displaying nothing but the image of Glide.EXE. "Miss Yai, are you well now?"

Yai opened her mouth, ready to start with the ranting, but decided against it. Not like it would do any good now. And I'd rather avoid talking about this subject. "Nothing a long bath won't fix."

"I shall have the water warmed for your arrival."

"Make sure it's extra hot! I just want to go home and forget today ever happened!" Shoving the PET away, she did what she could to cover her stain and walked out of the bathroom, no gaps or pauses between each step. At this pace, she made it through the foyer and back onto the street in a matter of seconds.

She hadn't been inside for all that long, but the sun's rays still felt overpowering, and she squinted. With her eyes nearly closed, all she could see were hazy shapes moving, but that was just it: they were moving. She soon realized cars were moving. Without the memory of the unyielding jam, one would never guess anything was amiss with the cars. Though, she had to assume at least a few of the cars' passengers were racing to a bathroom now that they could. Yai, however, had a different destination in mind. "Aahhh, I can feel that steaming bath already! After the stress of today, I need that water to prevent any wrinkles!"

"Heeeeyy! Yaaaaiiiii!" Hearing her name called by a familiar voice, Yai looked down the sidewalk, already adjusted to the brightness, and running down the road was Lan, waving to her. Trailing behind him was Mayl, who kept looking at Lan with a bashful blush.

Already, Yai got the picture. "That jerk! He left me stranded just so he could go on a date! Oh, he's gonna get it!" Now stomping, she began to close the gap between the kids.

Glide, however, saw the situation differently. "Miss Yai, do you think confronting them in your current state?"

"Hm? Why would AH!" She remembered what Lan and Mayl might very easily spot on her if she went up to them now. No, they cannot know I almost wet my pants! So, rude as it might seem, Yai acted as if she hadn't seen them, and ran away, all the while Glide fed her directions to the limo's current location. As she raced, she thought about how she would be forced to sit in her accident until she got back to ACDCTown, and she wasn't looking forward to that. I need to have a toilet added to the limo.

