LARA CROFT: DESPERATE DIAPER IMPRISONMENT

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2021-01-18 01:04

Hey everyone, I hope you enjoy this story I did for a recent commission.

LARA CROFT: DESPERATE DIAPER IMPRISONMENT

Loose strands of brown hair dangled in-front of her eyes, as the white-shadow crept along the ground, watching trucks in the distance. The rumble of their engines and dim headlights penetrated the thick winter storm, passing by two guard-towers, through a metal gate and driving deep into a Soviet era military installation. A handful of guards walked the perimeter and the woman watched them carefully, patiently; as she had for several hours. Feeling a pang of discomfort in her lower abdomen, the woman hidden in the snowy hills above the base wriggled slightly and resettled her position.

‘This is going to be a long wait’ she thought.

Her name was Lara Croft. Twenty-two, with brown-hair and brunette-brown eyes, her slender figure attracted many were she to appear in fancy clothes or even casual-wear, yet she preferred the adventurer’s outfits, so often in mountaineering, climbing or other extreme weather gear that it felt as common as pyjamas to her. Her white-stealth snow-suit had allowed her to sneak up on the TRINITY base undetected, yet even with her discipline and strength, she was still subject to needs that she currently didn’t have the time or safety necessary to indulge.

Lara desperately needed the toilet. She had felt the need slowly growing over the last several hours of her trek through the Siberian wilderness and even lying flat and practically motionless on the hillside, the growing pressure in her bladder was distracting her in ways she could ill-afford. Fortunately, Lara was not one to be caught short and could feel the protective padding of a Tena Slip Maxi Diaper underneath her clothes, allowing her to let out small leaks here and there to relieve the pressure and maintain her secrecy.

This was one of those moments. Relaxing slightly, she let out the quietest of groans and felt a hot burst of pee, three-seconds long, spurt out into the padding, feeling the warm wetness around her clit and pussy. She didn’t exactly feel great about gradually wetting herself; over multiple hours, on expeditions like this but it saved time and kept herself. Also, she reasoned, that she’d never allowed herself to let so much out that it seeped into her main clothes.

‘That would be an actual accident’ she’d said to herself, the first time she’d used them while hiking, several years ago.

Having now relieved the pressure and regained her control, Lara continued to observe the Trinity Base soldiers through her binoculars. She saw several make their way into an underground complex; beneath the base, passing through what appeared to a descending tunnel into the base’s inner sanctum.

‘What are you hiding?’ she thought aloud, though her voice was barely louder than a whisper.

Suddenly, she heard something behind her that made her blood turn cold; even in the freezing winter. It was the reload of an M110 SASS Semi-Automatic Sniper Rifle, with a large man; at least 6ft. tall, standing behind and pointing it directly at her. He was less than four metres away and Lara knew that at this distance, the slightest movement would leave a bullet tearing through her chest that would rip her open like a hot-knife through butter. On his darkened jacket, she saw he emblem of the Order of Trinity and realised that he must have been watching her for several hours.

They had known she was coming.

‘Don’t move heathen. You’re coming with me’.

Twenty minutes later, Lara was marched through the lowest tunnels, as she was searched for weapons, leading to her concealed tools being removed and; embarrassingly, her diaper being seen by a handful of guards, who gave her disgusted looks.

‘You heathen sluts are without shame. Bind her!’.

Lara struggled to break free from their grasp but it was too late, as they chained her hands above her head, leaving her thrashing wildly to break free. Manoeuvring her body to try and apply enough pressure to snap the chain, she found it was hopeless and stared at the sneering guards.

‘The boss will see you in the morning! When the storm lifts, you’re going to wish you’d never been born’.

One of them punched her cheek hard, causing her vision to temporarily blur for several moments, as their laugher echoed in their ringing ears. Spitting out a mouthful of blood, Lara began to shout after them.

‘You can’t leave me here! When I get out, you’ll be sorry!’.

Her thick British twang rang off the metallic pipes of the prison room, yet no replies came and Lara realised she was alone. After several minutes of struggling with her restraints, Lara swore in frustration and resigned herself to the fact she was; for the moment, trapped. With this realisation, came another: Her imminently growing desperation.

‘Oh good grief, this is not the time!’ she muttered, crossing her legs over one another; her white combat camouflage trousers rubbing together.

Lara had used diapers many times on long expeditions, yet in recent weeks, her bladder had been playing up more than usual. Back in London, she had found herself desperate after short periods on many occasions and had even had small accidents during her preparation for the trip; much to her humiliation. The worst had been during a quick power nap, surrounded by her dad’s audio diaries, maps and notes, where she had fallen asleep full of coffee in her system; unable to keep her awake past 30 hours.

She’d been snoring on the couch, her face crunched up in stress, when to any who had been there to watch, Lara began hugging her body tightly together. Her knees rocked together, her legs weaved tightly around the other and she’d been breathing heavily, short gasps of breath coming out in uneven patters of stress. Suddenly, a burst of wetness had appeared on her dark blue jeans, small at first but growing every second as the overtired, overworked Lara began to have an accident like a little girl.

The patch of wetness had grown around her crotch, soaking her jeans with pee as tendrils spread over her butt, soaking her ass and the sofa, as her clothes turned darker in colour and her eyes drifted open; only to immediately widen in horror, as she realised the accident that was unfolding and the puddle she now found herself in. She’d immediately leapt to her feet, managing to make it several steps towards her bathroom, before violently trembling legs caused her to freeze up; trying desperately to use her hands to continue holding back the flow of pee.

The desperation had been burning inside her and as she took another step, the dam broke. Hot waterfalls of pee had soaked her legs, completely drenching her jeans and giving her immense relief but also causing Lara to blush red in shame and disgrace, as she stood helplessly in a growing pool of piss. She kept trying to stop but her exhausted body couldn’t hold the pressure back and Lara had shaken as her accident overwhelmed her, causing her to wet herself humiliatingly less than a handful more steps from her bathroom.

As such, she had decided that she wasn’t going to allow this recent issue; probably a result of increased stress, to hamper her. However, now, she realised a problem. She’d been gradually using this diaper over several hours already and Lara knew it was already half-filled. With the amount she’d been holding, if Lara had a full-blown accident, she was going to soak the diaper, her clothes and completely humiliate the Croft family name even further, right in the heart of enemy territory.

‘Bugger that’ she said aloud angrily, responding to her own internal thoughts and memories. ‘Come on Lara, you can do this!’.

Over the next hour, Lara tried using a variety of techniques to break the chain, as her desperation grew steadily worse. She tried using twist-snaps and quick-pressure attacks, attempted to contort her body out of them; yet that sent immense pain through her stomach quickly, causing her to leak badly at one point for several seconds. Lara could feel her uncontrolled pee soaking into the diaper’s fabric and only with concerted effort regained control, after quickly moving from her upside down bend.

Lara was regularly crossing her legs now, her body lightly trembling, as she continued to shout obscenities, threats and demands towards the guards she knew must be nearby and ignoring her. She cursed in six-different languages, threatening the phantom guards with insults that ranged from cockney slang to ancient Greek curses, yet as her desperation grew worse, she began to lose focus on throwing insults and as it grew truly urgent, she reluctantly swallowed her pride.

‘I know you’re out there!’ she called. ‘Please, I… I need to use a toilet’.

Lara blushed bright red and winced at her own words, feeling humiliated at having to admit about her bodily functions to her enemies, yet no reply came. Lara could feel her strained body aching for relief and gasped as she felt a long spurt of pee race into the purple-white puffy fabric of her Maxi Diaper, already beginning to feel uncomfortably wet. She could feel her throbbing wet pussy against it and the bulging pain of her bladder, beating like a burning drum inside her, as Lara’s whole body cried out in desperate need. The whole situation was made worse by her hands being tied above in chains, unable to offer her body the release it urgently needed.

Lara moaned in ever-growing frustration as she longed to be able to use a bathroom, a bucket or even just being untied and allowed to remove her clothes in the corner would make do right now. Any seemed better than the most likely ending right now, which was her continued restraint, desperation and eventually, as her trembling body grew more in need, her legs more twisted, her bladder more in pain, Lara knew the pressure would build and build and build, until she…

‘Guards please… it’s an emergency! Please, you can’t treat me like this!’.

Lara almost felt stupid saying those last words, she knew they didn’t care how they treated her but still: Her mental desperation was growing with the physical. Lara cried out with a low-drawn whimper as she suddenly felt her legs shake violently for several seconds, trembling with such ferocity, that Lara knew exactly what was about to happen:

‘Oh god, please no!’.

Lara felt her body release yet another powerful jet of pee into her bladder, racing from her passing, into the diaper and bulging the sodden fabric against her combat trousers. The diaper was full-to-bursting and; unfortunately for Lara, so was she. Despite her leaks, they barely felt like they had relaxed any pressure and Lara was now on the verge of completely wetting herself, her pride about to flood into her diaper with what felt like gallons of pee, trapped inside her.

The diaper was sagging badly, overfilled and drenched in Lara’s wetness, as the adventurer struggled to regain control of herself. She had never been this desperate before in her life.

‘Well, except for that time I’ she began to think, then winced from her own memory.

‘Oh god, no, don’t think about that right now’ she muttered aloud, as Lara tried desperately to control her failing body. She twisted her legs until they were practically knotted, her whole body was jittering and in truth, she looked closer to 10 than 22 at the moment, as the whimpers coming from her body showed just how compromised her strength had become.

‘Fuck, shit, fuck!’ she screamed. ‘Let me out of here now!’.

She was turning pale from the pressure of holding and suddenly, Lara could feel it. The beginnings. Not just leaks, not just spurts, no: She could feel her bladder muscles contracting, opening and about to fully lose control. She knew if she didn’t use the toilet RIGHT NOW, then very soon, she was absolutely soak her clothes and totally humiliate herself.

‘Guards please’ she whimpered, her voice barely above a whisper, in truth recognising they had long since abandoned her down there. ‘Please let me use a bathroom… I’m about to wet myself’.

Her words however fell either on deaf ears or no ears, for no response came. Minute-by-minute ticked by, as sweat poured down Lara’s forehead, her lips trembled, her eyes filled with tears and the straining in her hands and arms to break free. Her body was weakening by the moment, trembling, shaking and ready to give in. Her long, thin legs vibrated with desperation as her slender body’s thrashing to break free settled into rhythmic twisting shakes and shudders, held in place by her chains. Tears poured down Lara’s cheeks as the first long jet of pee soaked into the diaper and she could feel the over-saturated material finally leak, a few drops running down the inside of her left leg.

In the last moments before it happened, Lara let out a final cry of anguish, before whispering through restrained sobs:

‘Dad… I’m so sorry’.

With the apology made, her body finally gave in, as Lara Croft, adventurer extraordinaire and one of the world’s most talented young researchers, began to completely and utterly wet herself in her diaper. The accident began by soaking every dry section of her protection still remaining, soaking back up to her bum and drenching around her pussy, yet it was overfilled within seconds and she felt the tendrils of pee snake over the diaper and roll down her legs, brushing over her knees and soaking her white combat camouflage trousers.

Lara trembled as the oversaturated diaper sagged, too full of her urine and began to drench the lower half of her body even further. The fabric kept trying to absorb Lara’s accident, yet for every drop it held; ten more flowed over her legs, onto her clothes and into a slowly growing puddle beneath her. Her pride flowed with it, as she cried with frustration, feeling like a failure to herself and her father. Here she was, trying to prove his discoveries as right and instead of doing anything useful, was soaking the floor of a Former-Soviet bunker with her pee, as well as her clothes and a practically abused diaper at this point with wetness, as her accident continued.

She could see the wetness growing in a darkened patch on her camouflage trousers, watching with frustrated horror and anger at herself as her clothes became further soaked by urine. She could feel tendrils of hot pee flow from her pussy, soaking the now drenched diaper and dripping out in several loose drips slowly over her knees. These then snaked her way either down over her knees or soaked into her clothing, causing it to stick uncomfortably to her body. Even more kept running down her legs, her toned, slender body dripping in wetness and pee, as Lara Croft continued to wet herself without any ability to restrain it.

She moaned as she felt her tired bladder slowly deflate, after hours of expanding from the intense pressure, the release did feel good. She could feel the pressure of her pee rubbing against her buzzing clit and bit her lip in slight arousal, before blushing embarrassedly, as the pee began to fill her boots. She could feel piss slowly turn her socks wet, as her own humiliation filled her boots or ran over them, a thousand tiny drops adding too small but growing puddle around her on the concrete floor.

Lara couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt this humiliated. When she was younger, she used to have accidents occasionally but in those cases, she’d been studying or exploring too long and would race back towards her bathroom, a wet spot on her brown crop-shorts, one hand between her legs, with the odd leak spraying down her leg, before she finally got relief. In one particularly embarrassing moment, she remembered when she was 16, having been out hiking for several hours and being absolutely bursting for the toilet by the time she returned.

She’d been dressed in a light-green vest and dark brown crop shorts, which had a wet spot on the size of a golf-ball by the time she’d gotten onto the grounds of her home. She struggled past the Croft Manor fountain, nearly completely wetting herself there and then at the sound of it, before pushing through the doors and onto the tiled floor. Racing up the stairs with both hands between her legs, she had tried her best not to look at the swimming pool in the distance, any sight of water causing her to leak further, before she reached the first-floor bathroom. Kicking open the door, Lara had sighed with relief at the sight of the toilet and her body; exhausted, had taken this as a signal to let go.

Lara had frozen with horror as pee burst through her fingers and began soaking her crop shorts, a dark wet patch quickly expanding across them, soaking her bum, green cotton boxers and pussy in seconds. For a few moments, she’d stood there helplessly, shocked, before quickly waddling forwards as pee poured down her legs and she collapsed onto the toilet. Unable to do anything else, Lara had simply sat there as her exhausted body completely emptied itself through her crop shorts, as a teenage Lara moaned with curses at her ruined shorts, her own immaturity and how icky the wet feeling felt. She had been beyond embarrassed to wet herself there, in private, in the safety of her own manor bathroom.

Here, it was far worse. The tightness of her clothing was trapping the pee against her skin, ass and feet, while standing in her own puddle, chained and helpless, made her feel simultaneously weak and deeply exposed. Fortunately, her accident began to slow, as Lara felt the last of her pee pouring out of her and eventually, the bursts turned to drips and the drips came to an end, leaving Lara Croft standing there in a puddle of her own making.

Lara Croft, adventurer, researcher and explorer, had completely wet her diaper and wet herself, now left in a puddle and chained to her shame.

‘Shit!’ she moaned quietly, wiping the tears from her face with her sleeve. Lara felt incredibly uncomfortable. Already, the warmth of the accident and the relief it brought was beginning to fade, the wet clammy feeling on her skin making her badly want to rip her clothes off and shower for about ten hours. However, right now she couldn’t even adjust her body to get comfortable for sleep; let alone a change of clothes, as she hung there, restrained and humiliated.

‘Guards, please, help! Somebody, anyone! Please’.

Lara called out again and again; begging for mercy, yet no response came but silence. Lara sighed and resigned herself to a long night and abject humiliation the morning, yet as she was about to, she noticed a strain in the metallic chain, a half-broken link that must have weakened under all her efforts.

‘Oh come on, you can do it!’ said Lara, wide-eyed and excited, as she applied all her strength to the chain.

For several minutes, it refused to break and yet, Lara could see it was gradually weakening, she was gaining more slack, more room to move and soon, she was able to swing her feet up and kick at the chain, as she could see the metal weaken further and further and further…

CRASH!!!

The metal split apart suddenly, causing Lara to drop painfully to the ground, landing in her own puddle, soaking the back of her trousers and causing her sodden diaper to squelch with the sound of filled pee. Her legs were covered in pee and as Lara regained her bearings, she looked down at her lower body in disgust.

‘Ugh, that’s bloody disgusting!’ she said, quickly stepping up and out of her mess, emptying her boots and wringing her socks of pee. She knew she didn’t have time to wait for her clothes to dry, guards could turn up at any minute and there would undoubtedly still be many in the broad facility. Instead, she began to peel off her layers of wet clothes, first undoing her snowy camouflage gear, before then peeling off her soaked underwear and diaper, sliding the drenched material down her legs and chucking it into a corner, leaving her stood in just a thick green bra and her boots; naked from the waist down. Her slender legs were still dripping with pee, so Lara used her soaked clothes to wipe them off, hurriedly cleaning herself up.

Shivering from the cold, Lara knew she needed to find a guard quickly and to steal their uniform, otherwise she could succumb to the effects of hypothermia within half an hour. It was a bad situation and she knew it but still, she’d been in worse than this, she reasoned.

‘Right then’, she thought. ‘Time to get out of here’.

