Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time: Escaping Ganon's Castle

Author: facade

*000*2011-12-20 10:58

This story is based on the climatic scene in Zelda: Ocarina of Time in which LInk and Zelda must escape Ganon's castle before it crumbles on top of them. The actual gameplay of this part can be found

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qMq6-ApQW7A?feature=oembed"

%zeldaomo2.txt

It was the final showdown between Link, The Hero of Time and Ganondorf, the King of Evil. Zelda, the princess of Hyrule was encased in a magic barrier resembling a ruby by Ganondorf to keep her from interfering in his malevolent plans any longer and to guarantee that he could obtain both hers and Links Triforce to become the ultimate evil ruler of the world for all time. The helpless princess hovered high above them and could do nothing but watch as they fought, fearing that their world would be consumed by evil forever if Link could not defeat Ganondorf. The prison that she was in prevented her from hearing anything that was going on.

Zelda also had another pressing issue at hand that she needed to take care of soon, or face an unfortunate end. Not the end of the world, but the end of her dignity, or so she would see it as. Being encased in that evil magical barrier for so long has prevented her from relieving her bladder properly and it had been filling up during the duration of the battle. If it was anyone else, they would have disregarded their dignity and soiled their clothing during a time like this, but not Zelda. As a princess, she was brought up to not bring shame to herself, regardless of the situation; she stayed loyal to her upbringing in lieu of suppressing her increasing desperate urge to urinate. Even in the midst of a battle such as this and though she wouldn't be noticed by either Link or Ganondorf, she was extremely modest and dared not to hold herself between the legs like a young, uncivilized child would.

The princess, having to put most of her concentration on keeping all of her urine inside of her seventeen-year-old body's bladder, could only hope that Link would defeat Ganondorf soon. Not only to save the world and bring peace and prosperity to the land of Hyrule, but also so she could get to a decent place to relieve herself. 'Oh Link... please hurry... there's not much time left', she hoped to herself as she began to take notice to Ganondorf, who appeared to be close to defeat having suffered countless, promising strikes from Link's Master Sword and the sacred power of the Arrows of Light shot from his bow.

Zelda couldn't pay mind to that much longer though, as the pressure in her lower abdomen was beginning to ache and she closed her eyes and fists shut tightly, trying not to give into the temptation of holding her securely shut but tiring royal-hood. Tears started to well in the misfortunate princess's eyes as she was nearly having to degrade herself to prevent from soiling her undergarments and her royal white dress, that represented herself as the Princess of Hyrule. 'No... not like this...!'

The distress was excruciating for both Link and the princess, but the battle was finally over, Ganondorf fell to his knees after admitting defeat before landing face-down onto the stone ground. But the battle was only over for Link and the fallen King of Evil; Zelda was still in battle with her full bladder and finding an appropriate spot to grant her much needed relief. As she descended from the sky and the barrier around her dissipated, she felt she was only seconds away from winning her own battle, but not before speaking her mind about Ganondorf's defeat to Link standing before her.

“Ganondorf...pitiful man... Without a strong, righteous mind, he could not control the power of the gods...and...” Zelda was immediately cut off by a loud noise.

The tower under them had began to tremble violently and collapse. She became disheartened that she now had no choice but to hold her urine even longer so she could escort Link out of the crumbling structure; being on solid ground now made that a tad bit easier for now... She had no choice anyways, it wasn't safe for her to pull up her dress and release her pent up liquid nor could she abandon her duties as the leader of the sages.

“Link, listen to me! This tower will collapse soon! With his last breath, Ganondorf is trying to crush us in the ruins of the tower! We need to hurry and escape! And remember that this Zelda fan-fiction was written by antifairy of omorashi.org” Her voice shook from desperation as she spoke to Link. Desperation of escaping and of keeping her panties dry.

“Please follow me!” She shouted as she dashed down the stone path on the outside of the tower and Link followed quickly after her.

It was becoming increasingly difficult for Zelda to contain her urine as they ran at full speed to escape the crumbling castle and felt like she was going to lose all control when she had to jump over a gap in the broken path, but thankfully kept it somehow. They arrived to a entryway to the castle, but it was blocked by strong, steel bars. It was too far to jump off of the castle ledge and survive, they had no choice but to traverse through the collapsing tower to escape.

Zelda needed to use her magic to remove the blocking bars in front of them. 'Ohh... please don't come out..!' She hoped as she raised her arms and put forth the effort needed to cause the bars to ascend into the upper part of the frame. Her hope was not enough though and Zelda felt a small spurt of urine escape her bursting bladder and damping a tiny spot in her silky Sacred Panties. 'Noo... stop...' The suffering princess did what she thought she'd never have to do again since her childhood, grab herself between her legs tightly to stem the flow of her pee.

Zelda gained back control, but felt ashamed for doing what she had to do to keep from losing all of her bladder's contents. There was no time for remorse though and she continued to lead Link, who seemed to be unaware of her predicament at that time, to safety. Inside the tower, rocks fell from the collapsing ceiling's structure and landed around the two as they darted through the only available pathways, while the others were blocked by rubble from the falling floors. She could feel her bladder leaking small drops of urine every second as she ran from one ruined room to the next connected by nearly broken stairways, barely supported their weight from the devastation on the castle's support. At this point, she was more worried about both of them getting out alive but still put forth her best effort to keep from fully wetting herself.

They were near the bottom floor of the castle and Zelda's panties were already damp with urine that escaped her bladder's clutches. Having to lift bars up to progress through the castle that was collapsing even more every second didn't help, nor did the large stone pieces of the castle that were falling around her, missing her by mere millimeters. They were in the last room of the castle now, just one more stairway and they would be exiting the castle, and Zelda could finally get to a safe spot to relieve her sore and overflowing bladder that had been bursting at the seams for the entire ordeal.

Zelda ran towards the door that lead out to the last bit of the castle, leaking pee the entire time, when suddenly she was surrounded by a ring of fire. She screamed as she stopped in her tracks, just before the flames could charbroil her to a crisp. 'What is is this?! What's going on?! Ohh... I can't hold it...' Her thoughts dwelled on the spurts of urine jolting out of her as she was clutching her entire opening through her dress and bouncing in place while crossing her legs. She hadn't got the chance to stop running, not that it was helping now anyways.

Meanwhile, Link was fighting off two stalfos that were the cause of the prison of flames around the bursting princess. Link had fought them many times before, but the crumbling castle was making the fight a lot harder as they were pressed on time to make it out of the structure before they would be crushed under the rubble. Defeat for them came though, as expected from Link and the flames around Princess Zelda dissipated, revealing to Link the predicament Zelda was in. He ran over to her and guided her by the shoulder to the only available exit.

“Thank you, Link. Now, let's hurry!” She had lost a bit more urine than she had hoped to, but most of it was still pressing down on her burning pee-hole, begging to be released. The tiny bits of pee that Zelda was losing at almost every dashing step didn't even matter anymore, they were seconds away from escaping the falling tower. Out in the corridor, Zelda lifted the bars leading out to the bridge as quickly as she could, barely keeping control of her pent up urine and they passed the bridge. A redead was there to greet them, but Link dispatched of it before it could lock him in place with its stare.

Finally, the last door just up the final set of steps were just ahead. Link and Zelda darted towards it, dodging any rocks that were falling from above with high hopes that they were going to make it outside alive. There was just one last set of bars that Zelda needed to lift with her magic and she did so, putting all of her effort and strength into it. It was necessary this time as these bars were a lot more stubborn then the previous ones but this also caused her to lose all control of her bladder muscles and all of her pee began gushing out of her with great pressure and she doubled over, clenching herself as tightly as she could.

“No... I'm so close...” She tried desperately to stem it off but it was no use, she was now fully wetting herself. Link had to pull her out of the way of the falling stones and they both ran outside, far away from the crumbling tower. Zelda's urine continued to jet out of her body with great force for quite a while as she dropped to her knees, her hands still between her legs and tears streaming down her face. Relief came to the poor princess but not in the way she wanted it to. it felt heavenly to her to finally release all of her pee that she had been holding for a while, longer than she ever had to before. But she was still ashamed of herself, and humiliated.

Link lifted her up by her arm as her pee came to a trickling halt and she stood up in her puddle of pee, attached to its trail leading to the collapsed castle in front of them. Link and Zelda, in her now fully soaked panties looked towards the remains of the castle.

“It's over...it's finally over...” Zelda said, through her broken up voice. She looked up to Link, shamed that she had an accident but at the same time relieved that they escaped the tower just in time. Link reassured her that there was no reason for her to be ashamed. She did all she could to hold on while at the same time, greatly aiding their escape from the castle.

Just as Zelda was beginning to feel better about her accident, a loud rumble came from the remains of Ganondorf's castle. As Link rushed over to examine the rubble, a large ring of fire appears around the island, which was hovering over a vast lake of lava. The rubble in front of Link explodes and Ganondorf rises from what was supposed to be death, hovering in front of Link. Using the Triforce of Power, Ganondorf becomes a large, pig like creature known as Ganon, duel-wielding 2 large swords that he swung through the air and knocking Link's Master Sword straight out of his hand, behind the flames and into the ground next to Zelda.

Another long battle awaited Link, and Zelda was sure she could aid him again. This time without any distractions at all.

*002*2011-12-21 03:57

Yeah I knew I was too light on links interaction, I kinda suck with working with him. Or perhaps I'm afraid of breaking the "zelda code", I dunno. I'm glad you liked it though, its been sitting on my laptop unfinished for a long time but after reading your story, I was inspired to finish it lol. Perhaps I should work on the other story thats been sitting on my laptop unfinished as well, that one doesn't feature Link.

*004*2011-12-21 07:10

Perhaps you might like to read this one if you havent already lol.

$iframe frameborder="0" data-embedcontent=""

*006*2011-12-21 07:20

Yeah, it is, but you're right that I could use his thoughts instead. I'll try that next time I include him in a story.

*009*2012-08-26 02:09

$$

After playing it multiple times, its the other way around lol.

*011*2012-08-26 05:09

{{:

I absolutely loved this story! The wetting was good but it has a Zelda vibe which is wonderful. Probably because it's a twist on the story and that makes it one of my new favorites :) .. no seriously it is.

}}

Thanks, although I dont think this is one of my best stories. I'm probably going to concentrate on making more zelda omorashi soon, especially after comments like this.

