Kelly's College Pee Adventures Part 1

Author: peelove64

*000*2014-12-14 03:37

Kelly stood proudly at the center of her dorm room, admiring the posters that adorned her wall, the intuitively placed furniture (lamps, rug, ect.), and the small collection of personal memorabilia there to hopefully combat the inevitable onset of homesickness. She had arrived at the university only an hour before, one of hundreds of incoming freshmen, and already she felt the excitement of college life seeping in. Her parents had hugged her goodbye already and left her to this new, thrilling journey.  Her roommate hadn’t arrived yet, so Kelly decided to check herself out in the small standup mirror she had brought. Her short, blonde hair accentuated perfectly her smooth face. She had green, piercing eyes and tiny lips. Her breasts were small but perky, and her waist was divine. She was short, compact, the very definition of cute.  

With a start, Kelly realized she had better investigate another section of her new home: the bathroom. A three hour car ride and a couple bottles of water hadn’t been kind to her tiny bladder. All the anticipation had caused her to forget her own biological needs. Without a second thought, she made a beeline for the door on the opposite side of the room. Kelly lived in a suite, so the bathroom was shared by two rooms, a total of four girls. The bathroom was relatively small, but still contained a shower, a sink, and a toilet that was closer to Kelly’s side of the suite. Next to the shower was another door which led to her two suitemates’ room: Kim and Amanda, if she recalled their names correctly.

 Kelly raised the seat, lowered her panties and jeans (she was a bit of a tomboy), and sat down. The instant she made contact, a strong yellow stream burst forth, creating a hollow din throughout the room. Her eyelids fluttered in mild ecstasy and she let out a low, relieved sigh. She glanced down between her legs and watched her pee splash into the water at an amazing velocity. She was a quick pisser for the most part, but she had a full bladder to drain. The water had long since turned completely yellow with her piss, and still she continued going without an end in sight. 

Suddenly, with a deafening crash, the door to her suitemates’ room flew open and whacked against the wall. A tall girl with flowing black hair and auburn eyes burst into the bathroom with her eyes downcast while frantically lowering her pants.

 Kelly jumped a bit, sending a sprinkle of pee onto the floor. “Occupied!” she squealed, just as the girl reached the toilet. The girl was startled by the unexpected presence and sent a dribble of pee onto the floor as well. 

“Oh my god, I’m so sorry! I thought I was the only one in the suite so far!” The girl seemed genuinely apologetic, but she still bounced from foot to foot and grabbed her crotch.

Kelly was still peeing away. “Uh, nope, sorry,” Kelly began in an oddly casual tone considering the situation, “I’ll be done in a minute.”

 “Ugh, I don’t even think I can wait that long!”

“Well look, I wouldn’t normally suggest this but since it’s an emergency, why don’t you just pee in the sink? You could just clean it out afterwards.” The interaction became awkward again as the girl paused to consider it while the silence as broken only by the sound of Kelly’s thundering pee stream. 

The girl finally shook her head. “No, if I bend my body in any way I’m gonna flood the floor. Ok, listen, I’m going to ask you a huge favor. What my sister and I do when we both need to pee is one of us sits down and the other pees through the sitter’s legs. Just back up a little so I don’t sprinkle you.” 

Kelly was shocked into complete silence. The girl must have taken that as consent, although it seemed like she had made up her mind regardless, and she inched forward towards Kelly. She bent her legs and aimed between Kelly’s legs. Not knowing what else to do, Kelly backed up a bit to give her better range.  

The girl’s golden stream came out hard and fast. It shot right between Kelly’s legs and mixed with her own stream, which showed no signs of waning. A light mist grazed Kelly’s thighs but overall the two streams intertwined expertly. If Kelly produced a loud tinkling sound on her own, this new team effort created what could have passed for a small waterfall.  “I’m Kim, by the way,” the girl said suddenly. It was so out of place and bizarre that Kelly couldn’t help but laugh. Kim realized the humor of the situation and started to laugh herself. “Oh, sorry, I better not laugh, I might end up spraying you.” 

“I certainly wouldn’t want that,” Kelly said in between laughs. “I’m Kelly. It’s nice to meet you.” The moment she finished her introduction, a scream echoed from across the bathroom. A new girl stood by the Kim’s door with her hands clasped over her mouth. Unfortunately, the noise startled Kim who was barely halfway through her piss. She jumped and shot a warm yellow stream of pee right on to Kelly’s shirt. She quickly tried to reassume her position but the precarious balance was broken.

Pee was cascading all over Kelly’s shirt, jeans, and thighs, not to mention the floor. Kelly tried to stand up and move away from the line of fire, but she slipped in the steadily growing puddle of pee on the floor. Her legs gave away and she slid under Kim. Kim’s piss splashed in Kelly’s face, who shook her head frantically and spluttered to get the stray droplets of urine out of her mouth. Her own stream was easing up, but it was still coming.  Thinking quickly, Kim hopped over Kelly, turned around, and sat on the toilet to continue her piss.

Kelly lay on the floor, Kim’s pee all over her face and body, a puddle of pee soaking into her back, and her own pee stream finally coming to an end. Everything was deathly quiet aside from the sound of Kim’s pee hitting the toilet water.

*001*2014-12-15 05:47

I have no idea what happened to the title but it's supposed to say "Part 1". I must have hit backspace or something while submitting haha

*003*2014-12-16 00:15

I have five chapters already written so I'll be releasing them periodically!

