Pokémon: Distress in Unova - Continued!

Author: G-Force

*000*2013-10-01 03:04

My word. I've been gone far too long. With such a busy life, inactivity constantly plagues me. I want to try and break that trend, however slow I may need to start. What better way to begin than to continue my first fanfic here, which died because of - you guessed it - inactivity. I hope you all enjoy, and remember to leave comments and constructive criticisms!

You can read the first part of the story here. Be sure to check it out first.

$/5970-pokemon-distress-in-unova/

Chapter 2 - The Dream World

Unova Pokémon League - early afternoon

Bianca stepped into the massive structure, still in awe at its magnificence. Her trusty Dewott followed close behind her, somewhat intimidated by the mighty presence. Up ahead they saw Hilda and her Serperior waiting at the bottom of the northeastern stairway. From the door at the top poured a violet mist, triggering caution in the trainer and her Pokémon.

"There's the problem, right there," echoed the voice of Alder, Champion of the Unova region. "Caitlin, a member of the Elite 4, is a powerful psychic. Sometime last night, her power went out of control, and it seems to have opened a passageway to the Dream World. We have no idea how it happened, or what could be waiting inside, so we've been hesitant to enter." Hilda took a few steps up towards the mist-filled door, her curiosity piquing.

"The Dream World... isn't that a place for Pokémon dreams?" Bianca asked. She inwardly thanked Alder for this chance to converse, as it took her mind off her gradually filling bladder. "Doctor Fennel told us a little about it. How was Caitlin able to open a portal to it?"

Alder took a moment to ponder the answer, then replied "Like I said before, Caitlin is very powerful, and she has a strong connection to both her Pokémon and dreams. It's likely that in this sort of situation, the two would mingle. The resulting phenomenon, however, is anyone's guess."

Hilda looked back and gave her Serperior a nod, then turned her attention to Alder and flashed a thumbs-up. The Champion laughed in admiration of her courage, but Bianca was worried. "You can't be serious. Alder said it himself, it could be dangerous in there."

"Not necessarily dangerous," Alder corrected. "We can confirm that it is in fact the Pokémon Dream World, so it should be harmless to humans like us. The worry is for our Pokémon. Without them we may not be able to solve the problem, but at the same time they could get hurt." Hilda's expression fell slightly, as she worried for her partner's safety.

"However," the Champion continued, "Given that you've made it this far, your Pokémon should be capable of enduring any hardships you may encounter inside. We could use all the help we can get, and if you truly wish to offer that help, I'm not going to stop you." Once more Hilda's face lit up, and she ran into the violet mist head-first, her Serperior enthusiastically following close behind. Bianca let out a sigh; she was conflicted. Despite Alder's reassurance, she worried about her friend. She also worried about her growing need to relieve herself. After a moment of careful consideration she determined the former outweighed the latter and followed Hilda inside. Hilda was tough. Surely they'd be out before they knew it. Surely...

Chapter 3a - Bianca's Dream

The last chapter didn't have much desperation, so today you're getting two for the price of one! =D

Slowly and carefully Bianca trod through the violet mist. She'd lost sight of Hilda completely, and was starting to grow worried. Confidence in her friend's skills alone wasn't enough to keep her calm in such a strange place, especially when that friend wasn't there beside her. As an extra precaution, she called her Dewott back to his Pokéball. If need be she'd call him out again, but until that need arose it wasn't worth the risk.

After what seemed like several minutes of walking Bianca stepped down on something soft. Taking a look she saw that, sure enough, beneath her feet was grass. Naturally she was confused, since there shouldn't have been any grass in the building, let alone on Victory Road at all. It was more welcoming than the mist, at the very least, so she continued onward. Soon the mist started to thin, bringing the presence of shrubbery amongst the grass. After another few apparent minutes, Bianca seemed to be out of the cloud completely, and in a dense forest. She stared around with wonder at how such a place could be inside the Pokémon League building, before realizing that she was surely within the Dream World now and that anything could be possible, as Alder had said.

Not five steps into the forest did Bianca feel her bladder spasm. She swiftly pressed her hands against her skirt, managing to keep control. The strong reminder of her need had her strongly consider going back, but when she turned around she saw that the mist was gone, and now nothing but forest surrounded her. Feeling great disappointment, she accepted that there was no turning back until she and Hilda managed to solve whatever problem Caitlin could be suffering.

As she pressed forward, Bianca found her self dealing with several more small spasms, though her overall need never exceeded the point it was at prior to the first. Rather proudly, she attributed this to her underestimated holding ability, even if the repeated spasms said otherwise. Suddenly she found difficulty maintaining her pride, when the sound of running water came within earshot. At that point her need increased and she had to stop walking, partly to hold herself and partly to contemplate whether it was a good idea to approach the water any more. Against her better judgement she proceeded, thankful that no one was around to witness her embarrassing predicament.

Soon she found herself in a forest clearing, face-to-face with a cliff side that spilled a small waterfall into a pond at the cliff's base. The pond tapered off into a stream that flowed through the forest, farther than the eye could see. Being this close to running water was torture, and it took all of her strength to hold on at this point. Behind the desperation, though, she couldn't help but marvel at the beauty of nature around her. So enticed by the spectacle, she almost couldn't help but partake in it...

No, not almost. She really couldn't! Against her will, she found herself squatting down by the edge of the pond and dipping her hands in the water. A sensation of cold spread up her arms and back down the rest of her body, stopping to devilishly tease her bladder. Now she was becoming afraid. In her mind she was shouting at herself to pull her hands out of the water, but she didn't. The change in temperature agonized her and, unable to lower herself further to dig her heel up against herself, caused her to leak a small amount of liquid into her panties.

She gasped-- wait, she could gasp. Maybe control had come back? Her hands slowly lifted out of the water again - yes, surely she could control herself again... As she lifted her hands, she noticed they were cupping a small amount of the pond's water in them. She wanted to drop it, but she couldn't. She was still acting against her own will. This was bad. Raising her hands towards her mouth, she could tell what was coming next, and she was terrified. Trembling in anticipation of the awful inevitability that awaited, she couldn't help but leak once more. No no no! Why is this happening? Why can't I do anything?!

Bianca screamed at herself in her head, but it was futile. I knew I shouldn't have come, I knew I shouldn't have come..! Her hands met her lips, and they tipped back to slowly drizzle the water into her mouth. She wanted to spit it out, but it seemed so refreshing, so relaxing. It trickled down her throat bringing the same cold sensation with it, meeting her once again at her achingly full bladder. Finally, the shiver through her lower abdomen proved to be too much for her, and the little resistance she could provide had met its match. No... not this, anything but this..

Slowly but surely the urine began to trickle out from within her. It went like that for a few moments, gradual. Once it began to pick up speed, it really got going. As if the faucet had been turned full force, pee began to flow like the waterfall in front of her. In the crouched position she was it, the golden liquid pooled at her bum. Some rolled forward, dragging along her legs and the back of her skirt as it cascaded to her feet. The rest soaked right through her skirt, passing the ever-growing dark stain and falling straight through to the grass below. She kept going like this for what seemed like an eternity, continually saturating herself until her lower half was thoroughly soaked. Tears of humiliation rolled down her cheeks, and though she was now able to move freely once again, all she could find herself able to do was cup her face in her hands. The distinct hiss of defeat echoed through the forest, as the violet mist returned to surround Bianca once again.

And there you have it. I hope you enjoyed this installment of the story. You can look forward to the next chapter... whenever I get the time to write it. Remember to leave comments and constructive criticism, and enjoy the rest of your omo browsing. ;)

*002*2013-10-02 00:18

I didn't have any plans to involve Iris in the story; I wrote the first part before Black & White 2. I could try and fit her into a future story, if you'd like.

