Ghost Recon - Page 3

Author: DespLover9021

*051*2014-07-15 02:26

{{: 

Through the storm drains sounds like the best option.

}}

{{:

If the weather is good storm drain. If not through rock pass

}}

Okay next one is coming at you. This time from a different perspective this time.

*052*2014-07-15 02:53

(this part is gonna be through the eyes of the Special Warfare Combat Craft Crewen. Who are the primary insert/extract platform for Seal teams and other special operations teams by water) (They use RHIBS - Rigid-Hull Inflatable boats that are Silent and Fast. Also they are armed with M134 general electric miniguns, M2 heavy barrel HMGs (Heavy Machine Guns that fire the .50 caliber BMG round) and MK19(Mark 19) Grenade Launcher)

As the ghosts had decided to take the storm drain and wade through the water towards the water extraction point they decided to call in for extraction from NAVSPECOM (Naval Special Warfare Command)'s SWCC (Special Warfare Combatant Craft Crewen) team which are getting ready to be dropped from the C130 coming into the air space. The C130 was escorted by 2 flights of F/A 18E/F Superhornets (Fighter Aircraft 18 Echo/Foxtrot Superhornets) Once the cargo bay door was open SWCC dropped with the RHIB (Rigid-Hull Inflatable Boat) and as soon as they hit the water they got their parachutes off and got into the boat and checked their weapons and navigation systems they turned the boat on and headed out. They are automatically engaged by russian patrol boats and they have to engage the forces but have too many targets to attack and not a lot of time.

Options (Your descion will be made for the whole boat crew)

1. Swing right 30 degrees and engage the boats to your right weaving in between them and taking out the crew of each boat.

2. Swing left 30 degrees and engage the boats to your left weaving and taking out the enemy boat crews

3. ride around them in a circle and fire the MK19 and the M2HB at the boats destroying them.

*054*2014-07-15 03:48

{{:

Circle!

}}

1for that now lets see what the rest say

*056*2014-07-15 04:56

The boat commander told the team to swing around in a circle and engage the boats with the MK19 primarily engaging the boats and the remaining guns coming up as secondary engagement. The boat goes around in a circle around the boats and they take out most but the remaining ones fire rounds at them and they have to dodge the rounds as they try to get out of the line of fire and manage to weave around behind two of the engaging boats and the commander tells the port (front) gunners to "Open up on those boats!" and they comply and the crew takes down two more patrol boats as they weave away from a patrol boat about to ram them. a missile comes flying at that exact moment and they have to a complicated dodge and weave before pushing the boats port side into the water and shedding their speed down but at the same time splashing a bunch of water around them providing a temproary 5 second invisibility shield of mist. They have to act fast and the commander has only one option left to him.

Options

1. speed out of there at high speed

2. stay and enage the remaining boat and then pick up the ghosts

*058*2014-07-15 06:08

{{:

I say speed out

}}

Thats one

*060*2014-07-15 06:26

{{:

Speed out

}}

Thats 2 for speed out. Anymore votes before i write the reply?

*062*2014-07-15 16:07

{{:

If we have heavy weaponry engage. If not try to quickly recover the ghosts and escape

}}

The boat is already equipped with a M134 general electric minigun a M2HB and a MK19 launcher

*065*2014-07-15 21:52

{{:

Then we may be able to take the last boat

Actually I think try and retrieve the ghosts and split

}}

{{:

I agree.

}}

Hm interesting change

*066*2014-07-16 05:10

The boat commander tells the crew to engage the last boat and then move into extract the Ghost Team and they do so killing off the last boat and get to the Extraction as the Ghosts get there and they hop in. Then another problem happens, The extraction boats engines conk out and the other boat has to defend the stranded but all the occupants on the stranded boat are starting to get real desperate and are starting to wonder if they should wet themselves or just hold it until they can get the engine fixed.

Options:

1. The ghosts and the SWCC team on the stranded boat wet themselves

2. They try to fix the engine

*070*2014-07-18 17:13

{{:

Try And fix the engine

}}

{{:

Try to fix the engine.

}}

{{:

Try and fix the engine.

}}

Ok next reply coming at you

*071*2014-07-21 05:35

The team decides it would be best to try and fix the engine. You tell the ghosts to help defend the boat crew while they get the engine up and running again. Meanwhile the second boat that is with them goes around and holds the line for them while the engine is repaired. All the bladder situations are getting worse and worse by the minute and they have no way out of it.

