The Sphere

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-10-31 22:46

2348 A.D.

The little girl, who couldn’t have been more than five or six, jumped excitedly holding her prize in her hands. It had taken nearly all her will power, but she had done it and now as promised she held the latest installment of the My Little Pony: Virtual Friends. Today she would finally be allowed to log into The Sphere. She ran to the counter as a rather annoyed older brother was dragged along besides her.

“Hi there!” The teenager behind the counter said smiling down at the girl.

“Two Dives in Ponyland.” The brother said with a shudder.

“Ponyville!” The young girl corrected as the brother rolled his eyes.

“Can’t believe mom’s making me do this with you.” He said eying the cover of smiling barnyard creatures with distaste.

“Will that be partial dive or full?” The teenager working behind the counter asked.

“Full!” The young girl exclaimed as the brother shook his head.

“Partial, Becca, remember? Full dive has needles.” He said eyeing the holographic displays of the latest games that were released. He stared at the image of the latest zombie game with longing. Why did he have to go in the little kid game with his sister? She’d be fine. She’d go in, play with the animals, fly in the sky. So what if it was her first time? What could possibly go wrong in a kids game? “Actually, Let’s do one partial for Ponytown and one full for Brains, Tasty Brains.” He said before eyeing his sister. “Think you’ll be fine by yourself?” He asked hopefully. She looked up at him with wide blue eyes in wonder. He was letting her be alone? “Look, don’t tell mom, and I’ll take you back next week.” He said before she eagerly nodded her head.

“Alright, have you two been here before?” The girl working the counter asked.

“I have. She hasn’t.” He answered slipping his wrist underneath the scanner as the total was deducted from his BitCoin account.

“Is this your user?” She asked as a holographic image of a teen boy decked out in weapons and gear appeared.

“Yep.” He said.

“That doesn’t look anything like you.” Becca said looking up at the image and then back to her brother.

“It doesn’t have too, you’ll see. It’s The Sphere, you can be anyone you want to be.” He answered as the girl led them behind the counter towards the back.

“You can go in room one whenever you want, Brian.” The girl said.

“I better stay and help her out first.” He said leading the little girl towards the scanner.

“How’d she know your name?” Becca asked as she glanced at what appeared to be a blank wall. Her eyes went wide as an exact replica of herself appeared in front of her.

“Because she scanned my chip.” Brian answered. “Pretty cool, huh?” He said smiling a little at her amazement. It would be kind of fun to see her first Dive. Oh well. He’d rather be shooting zombies than playing with ponies. “Now all you have to do is think about what you want to look like. Yeah, like that.” He said as the image immediately changed outfits and hair color.

“Woah,” Becca said imagining herself with different shades and styles of hair. After several minutes of giggling at the sight of herself with a Mohawk, afro, mullet, and other assortment of different things she finally settled on just long brown hair and blue eyes. “This is what I want.”

“So ordinary.” Brian said before shrugging. “Now all you have to do is name her.”

Welcome, Sasha Brindey

“You guys all set?” The teenager asked as Brian nodded his head.

“Have fun, we’ll be out about the same time.” Brian said before waving and leaving towards the first room.

The teenager led Becca towards the back hall, around the corner and towards room number twelve. As Becca walked she craned her neck and turned her head in all directions checking out all the latest advertisements for dives available. One image showed a boy and a girl decked out in chain mail carrying swords with a giant fire breathing dragon in the background glaring menacingly. Another image showed a deep sea dive with all kinds of fish and sea life swimming around a girl in a scuba diving get up. The guide nearly had to physically pull her away from one display of two girls with black cat ears and tails standing in provocative posses.

“Kitties! I wanna go in the kitty one!” Becca said frowning in confusion at the teenagers reaction.

“Noo! Not for kids, sorry.” The teenager said giggling and motioning her forward into the nearest room. Becca looked around the room. It wasn’t at all what she had been expecting.

“Where’s the ponies?” She asked taking in the plain room with a single chair and strange helmet.

“Don’t worry, there’s ponies.” The guide said motioning for her to take a seat. “Now since this is your first time, let me explain how this is going to work. We’re going to put this helmet on you and count to ten and when you come to you’ll be in Ponyville.” Becca sat down in the leather recliner as the guide leaned her back down. “You ready?” The little girl nodded her head eagerly as a large spherical helmet was brought down over her eyes.

“Now if you want to log out for any reason, all you have to do is say the words I want out and a screen will appear asking you if you want to log out. You can say yes or no.” She explained. Becca nodded her head in understanding in the complete blackness of the helmets interior. She hoped the lady would stop talking soon so she could hurry up and start. Her friends at school had talked endlessly about how you could ride a Pegasus in the game and that was the first thing she wanted to do. “Alright, I started the program. It might feel a little scary at first, but it will be over real quick. I’ll count down with you. 10, 9…”

Becca gripped the armrest as many different colors began floating in her vision. “8, 7, 6…” A strange lightheaded sensation caused her to lean her head back against the headrest as she closed her eyes. “5,4,3…” She clutched the armrest tighter as she felt the room around her beginning to spin. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. It’ll be worth it, she told herself. “2,1..” The teenagers voice began to fade away as she counted down the last of the numbers until all was silent. A gentle breeze on her face caused her to slowly open her eyes as she let out an audible gasp. No longer was she in the chair in the Sphere Center at her local mall, but in the heart of Ponyville as groups of ponies trotted around the city paying her no mind.

“So cool!” Becca said with her shining eyes alight with excitement which only grew with every passing second as she slowly walked around the town taking in all the shops and different colored ponies.

“Hi there! I’ve never seen you around before.” Becca heard turning around to find a purple pony with wings.

“Princess Twilight!” Becca squealed.

“Hi, Sasha, it’s nice to meet you. Is this your first time in Ponyville?” The princess asked.

“Yeah!” Becca said excitedly. Sasha? She wondered until she remembered that was the name of her avatar.

“We’re glad to have you here! Umm, don’t take this the wrong way, but, well, what exactly are you?” She asked looking Becca up and down. “You’re not a pony, or any other kind of animal I’ve ever seen before.”

“I’m not a pony.” Becca said giggling. “I’m a human!”

“A human?” Twilight asked confused. “No way! Wait till Lyra get’s wind of this! C’mon, Sasha, let’s go meet everyone.” Becca eagerly followed along craning her neck this way and that while Twilight made her pre-programmed speech about the every day life of the town. She could see Applejack at her stand in the market selling apples, Rarity was in her boutique, Pinkie Pie was inside the bakery licking a bowl clean while Mrs. Cake stood by with a disproving glare. It was when they got to the Apple farm that things took a turn for the worse.

“So, Sasha, is there anything you want to see?” Twilight asked.

“Cloudsdale!” Becca said eagerly. “I want to see the flying ponies and ride one!”

“So us earth ponies aren’t good enough for you, are we?” A voice full of resentment asked.

“W-What?” Becca stuttered as she turned around only to be looked down upon by the entire Apple family. A strange flash of light could been seem coming from their cutie marks on their flanks.

“Everyone always wants to see the flying ponies while us simpletons are left to work the fields. Don’t even get me started on those damn unicorns with their magic. They can command anything and everything, but do they help us? No! I’m sick of it!” AppleJack said glaring into Becca’s eyes as the little girl trembled. What was going on? It was then that BigMac came rushing towards them, pitchfork in mouth as he rammed it into the princesses chest. Blood splattered onto Becca’s face and shirt as she let out an ear piercing scream. This wasn’t happing! They just killed princess Twilight! There was so much blood! Wasn’t this supposed to be a kids game?

“I want out!” Becca yelled as a menu screen popped open.

System Error: Cannot Log Out

Becca let out a scared whine as the ponies slowly began to advance each carrying some form of weapon in it’s jaw. Their once kind and friendly eyes now glowed a deep red color. The little girl finally found her feet and took off running towards the village once she was sure one of them tried to take a stab at her. She ran while gasping for air. This wasn’t supposed to be a scary game! Becca stood frozen in fear once she reached the town. Thick smoke hung in the air obscuring her vision. Buildings were on fire and she could feel the flames heat on her face. The unicorns were stabbing the earth ponies repeatedly with their horns in a large massacre as hordes of bodies littering the ground.

Peagusi were dropping heavy rocks and other sharp objects onto the unicorns below crushing their skulls. Becca stood rooted to the spot wide eyed as her little body trembled and felt her bladder gave way, but no liquid emerged from her avatar. “I want out! I want out!” She screamed repeatedly only to have the same error repeating itself. She ran behind a building to take cover as she sat on the ground hugging her knees to her chest and covering her ears. No matter how hard she pressed her palms against her head she couldn’t drown out the screams of dying ponies. All she could do was cry tearless wails and wait for her time to be up.

###

Brian stood around the corner of a wall in the abandoned laboratory with gun in hand. He slowly peeked his head around the corner to check whether or not the coast was clear. The dim florescent lighting that blinked on and off gave the place an eerie feel even if he knew the place wasn’t crawling with zombies. Sweat trickled down his face and mixed with the dirt that clung to his cheeks from pressing his face against the walls. He limped forward as fast as he could dragging his bit leg along the floor. Maybe a full dive wasn’t the best idea in a game where injuries could happen. Oh well, that’s what made them more fun. In a full dive you could feel things, not just in your face, but your whole body as well. You could feel the weight of the gun in your hands, along with the kickback when fired. The things your body learned in a full dive stayed with you. Anything that involved muscle memory. Running, jumping, swimming, martial arts, skate boarding etc.

Although it was definitely more fun to feel, it came with it’s downsides as well. Brian let out a silent moan as his leg ached. He could feel the virus coursing through him with every step. Nothing was permanent of course. He’d be fine as soon as he awoke out of the dive, although sometimes it takes a few minutes for your brain to adjust. Even though there’s no real wound there, your brain thinks there is for a short amount of time and sends signals of pain to the afflicted area. For some unlucky few with extreme sensitivity, there really will be a wound for a short amount of time. The Nocebo effect some called it. Once in a while Brian would came out of a dive with red and mildly irritated areas where he had been shot, but that sort of phenomena was normal. It’s when you wake up with a hole in your chest that’s a problem.

“Hallway three clear.” Brian whispered into the microphone on his vest. “What’s your position?” Nothing but silence greeted him for a full minute. “Sebastian, where are you?” A blood curdling scream could be heard coming from the hallway up ahead that bounced and echoed through the hallway sending all the hairs on Brian’s body sticking up like the Eifel tower with goosebumps along his skin. They got him.

Logging Out

Brian blinked as he found himself strapped to a table by his wrists, chest, legs and feet. His time shouldn’t have been over already, should it? I guess time really does fly when your having fun. A dull pain in his leg let him know he got off easy. That other guy would be sore for a while.

“Sorry to log you out before your time is up, but there’s been a situation.” Brian heard wincing a little as the probes were removed from the back of his head.

“Huh?” He mumbled squinting from the light as his helmet was removed. He turned his head to the right to find the girl who had led him in getting the alcohol swabs ready to administer to the back of the head to disinfect the puncture wounds from the connectors.

“Something’s gone wrong in the game your sister was in.” She said quickly patching up his head and helping him to his feet.

“What? What happened?” He asked in concern springing to his feet. Mom would kill him if anything happened to Becca. She didn’t trust these games after all and he was supposed to have been in there with her.

“Someone re-wrote the game and all the characters are killing each other.” She said. “I’ve tried to log her out several times, but an error keeps popping up.”

“What? It’s a little kids game!” he said as he was led over to a viewing monitor to witness the bloodbath that was now Ponyville. He quickly scanned the screen to find his sister curled in a ball in the corner rocking back and forth as the mayhem and chaos surrounded her. “What happened?”

“She must have said a key phrase to trigger it. It’s never happened before.” She said biting her lip and nervously tapping her fingers on the counter. She typed a command into the holograph projected keyboard only for another error to appear. “There’s nothing I can do until her time is up. It’s not letting me log her out manually.”

“What if you just took the helmet off? She’s only in a partial dive.” He suggested.

“It could hurt our system. You can’t just pull it off without properly shutting it down first.” She explained.

“You think I care about your system? Get my sister out of there! Look at her!” Brian shouted angrily jabbing his finger to the image of the five-year-old huddled in a ball. He could feel his blood boiling with every second. Maybe it was his fight-or-flight reaction kicking in or maybe it was from training his senses from so many full dives in The Sphere, but he could faintly hear laughing coming from another room somewhere. He stormed down the hall as the sound grew louder and louder until he came face to face with a door marked Employee’s Only. “Open it!” He demanded as the teenager stood by nervously.

“I can’t let you go in there.” She said. More giggling erupted from the other side of the door.

“Dude, dude, make them go after her now.” He heard before turning on the employee.

“I. said. open. it.” He growled at her with gritted teeth and clenched fists. She cringed slightly before reluctantly pulling out her I.D and swiping it under the sensor as the door opened to reveal a control room with two employees typing commands into a certain My Little Pony world and laughing about the results.

“Hey, Victoria, check it out. This little girl is freaking out over my pat-OOH” He grunted as Brian’s fist smashed into his face before he even knew what was happening.

“Log her out NOW!” Brian demanded.

“It was just a joke calm down!” He said before getting his face smashed into the console. “Okay, okay!” He grunted as the other boy quickly entered a command to shut off the over ride and shut down the machine. Brian sent him another warning glare before taking off down the hallway in search of the room Becca was in. He could hear crying coming from the door to his left and quickly opened it to find his sister curled in a ball trembling. Brian quickly undid the helmet straps and pulled it off her head to reveal the terrorized child underneath. He once bright blue eyes were completely blood shot as tears and snot ran down her face. Her pants and the chair were soaked with urine as she babbled incoherently about what had happened.

“Shh, it’s okay, it’s over now.” He whispered picking her up as shook and balled in his arms. He gritted his teeth in anger as he held her and tried to calm her down. She'd probably never go in The Sphere again. Who knew as a result she'd grow up to protect it.

A/n So this will be my project for NaNoWriMo. Hope you guys like it.

$$

*002*2015-11-02 09:13

Chapter One: The Summons

13 Years Later

Becca Strokes sat on her bed gripping the paper in her hands with nervous anticipation. Today would be the day to start the trials for the Sphere Protection Program or SPP. It was a school dedicated on training soldiers using virtual reality to stop cyber crime. She had wanted to become a cyber officer for as long as she could remember, and now she held in her hands to first steps to making that dream come true -an acceptance letter. While it wasn’t an acceptance letter to the school itself, it was still a step in the right direction.

After writing a kick ass essay (in her opinion) as to why she wanted to become an officer, she had passed the first, and easiest, test. Now it was on to the next. Only she had no idea what kind of test she’d be facing. All that was given to her was an IP address with a note congratulating her on making it to this next step in the selection process. 1:100…Those were the odds of making it this far. Actually getting accepted into the program… 1:10,000. There was a rumor that most people failed at the final challenge because it was something so horrible and painful, but the only people that really knew were the people who failed and no one was allowed to talk about what goes on for fear of getting disqualified permanently.

Becca stood up and made her way down stairs in the hopes of getting some form of reassurance from her parents. She could smell the dehydrated bacon capsules boiling, but the butterflies in her stomach prevented her from eating anything. Whoever thought of the term butterflies clearly didn’t have their future on the line she thought as she sat at the table. It felt more like genetically modified wasps having a fight to the death in her insides rather than something as gentle as butterflies.

Becca shook her head when her mother offered her various dehydrated capsules ranging from toast, eggs, bacon, cereal, pancakes, French toast, waffles, and oatmeal. She felt so nervous she thought she might hurl if she ate anything. She didn’t know if there was a rule against puking during the test, but there’s no way it would help her that’s for sure.

“You’ll do fine.” Her father said in between scenes of the news as the holographic image of a newscaster no larger than a cereal box projecting in the middle of the kitchen table listing off various current events.

“I hope.” Becca mumbled sipping some orange juice and bouncing her knees. Before she knew it the time to leave for the testing site had fast approached. With a hug and kiss from her parents, she headed back upstairs to her partial dive connecter. With trembling fingers, she typed the IP address of where she wanted to go and leaned back on her bed before slipping the helmet on. Just about everything was done via avatar now a days since they came out with a home console a few years back. Full Dives you still had to go to a center for, but partials you could now do from the comfort of your own home.

The imagery blurred on the screen as Becca closed her eyes and slowly counted down in her head. She always hated this part even if it only lasted a few seconds. When she counted down to four, a flurry of imagery flashed in the screen as she felt the lightheadedness of zipping past millions of other IP addresses to get to her destination. She squinted her eyes to make sure it was over before relaxing and standing up.

“Can I help you?” a voice asked causing her avatar to spin on the spot as she came face to face with a professionally dressed blonde woman who couldn’t have been out of her 20’s. At least that’s the way she made herself appear to others in The Sphere.

“I’m here for the SPP exam.” Becca said scanning the building she found herself in. She was a little disappointed to find herself in an ordinary looking office. People sat behind desks, sipping coffee for the taste and talking amongst themselves.

“Come with me.” She said turning on her heels as Becca swallowed and followed her through various plain looking hallways until they entered into a large conference room with about a dozen or so others sitting in chairs. “Please wait here for further instruction.” Becca sat down in the nearest chair across the table from a pale looking girl with violet eyes and green hair who seem preoccupied with gazing out the window. Becca sat nervously glancing around the room, but there wasn’t much to look at. The room had plain white walls, with only one picture of a sunset above a mountain range. There was a potted fern behind her chair and a single window overlooking the virtual town slightly obscured by the navy blue curtain.

Awkward silence hung in the air while each person imagined what horrors they would be facing. Or at least that’s what Becca was doing. She fiddled nervously with her long brown hair and imagined what sort of things they would be doing. She had imagined the IP address leading her to some sort of battle arena where all SPP hopefuls would be forced to fight to the death. She had never imagined it taking her to some ordinary looking office. She felt sort of silly now for equipping her avatar with knives and other concealed weapons. She should probably put them back in her inventory before she got into some kind of trouble. It’s not like anyone could actually get hurt though; they were all avatars after all. Becca went back and forth in her mind about what she was carrying on her before finally deciding to keep everything where it was. She didn’t want to cause a scene pulling it all out.

In order to pass the time, she glanced around the conference room and at each person sitting in it. She always liked to imagine who was really there behind the avatar. She highly doubted the man sitting next to her had those kinds of muscles, and the set of perky boobs he seemed to be transfixed on across the table from him probably belonged to some 50-year-old-man, not the twenty something red head who looked like she shouldn’t even be able to sit up with that kind of weight attached to her chest. Becca blinked is surprise when her eyes fell on the girl from earlier. She could have sworn she had green hair, but now it was a deep blue and her expression showed a mixture of fear and doubt. She glanced around in confusion, but no one else seemed to have noticed the change so Becca chalked it up to her over imagination. You could only change your appearance in your home screen or in designated areas anyway that sold clothes and whatnot.

After another hour of waiting the room began getting restless. Mr. MuscleHead stood from his chair and began pacing the room while another groaned loudly about being forced to wait. Becca locked eyes with the green haired girl again. Wait, wasn’t her hair blue just a minute ago? Her hair color had changed she was sure of it. She really did have green hair, so then why was it blue a minute ago? Had she figured out a way to bypass the system lock on changing the way you look? The girl seemed to smirk at Becca for a second and roll her eyes. Was she rolling her eyes at her because Becca noticed her hair changing colors? Perhaps she shouldn’t stare at her; it was rather rude. The girl jerked her head sideways as Becca turned her attention to Mrs. TopHeavy .

She seemed to be causing a commotion about the wait time. Some people gave their agreement, while others like themselves rolled their eyes at her over dramaticness of the situation. Becca nodded and smiled to the girl who appeared to be slightly older than herself. After a quick glance back up Becca had to cover her mouth so she wouldn’t laugh out loud and draw attention to herself. The girl with the changing hair was silently mimicking the red head with her lips and hands.

Mrs. TopHeavy finally announced she was fed up with waiting and rose to head home but froze. The door everyone had come in through was gone. There was nothing but a solid beige painted wall in its place.

“Where’s the door?” She demanded pounding her fist on the wall. All heads turned their attention to her. Becca could see a faint sparkling light where the door had been when she looked at it through her Sphere Vision mode; A sign that the room had been tampered with. Sphere Vision was mostly used in-game, but you could use it anywhere in the Sphere to view user names, send and view messages and of course checking to see if things had been altered by outside forces.

“Guess they don’t want us leaving before hand.” A twenty something year old looking man calmly said. He wore a navy blue fedora and his face had a five o clock shadow. Becca wanted to call him Anthony; He just seemed like an Anthony to her. She was disappointed when she viewed his User Id and it listed him as Arnold. He’d make a better Anthony she thought.

Mrs. TopHeavy sat back down in a huff as a few people glanced around the room anxiously. A hand wave from the girl across from her earlier caught Becca’s attention. She blinked in surprise to find her hair not green or blue, but jet black. Her hair really was changing colors. Becca pointed to her own head and mouthed your hair to her. She cocked her head to the side in confusion before Becca mentally opened up her in-game messenger and thought up a quick sentence before thinking the words Send Message. The girl across from her moved her eyes as she read the text in front of her invisible to everyone else.

A blinking red light a few seconds later in her upper vision notified Becca of a new message. Open Becca thought and the girl’s response displayed in front of her. That’s the fifth thing that’s changed since coming here. Becca blinked in surprise as she quickly gave the room a once over. Other than the door disappearing Becca didn’t notice anything at first until she spotted the potted palm tree behind her. Wasn’t it a fern before? And the picture of a sunset; it had been replaced by a picture of a sailboat. That’s three things, she thought scanning the room more closely. The glass see through desk was the same, but Becca realized the color of the carpet was not. Where’s the fifth thing? The walls she realized. They were white before and now they were beige. She sent a message back to the girl stating her observations.

I didn’t notice the carpet or picture. Look at the window; there’s now blinds instead of curtains. Clearly they are testing our observational skills. Interested in teaming up? My name’s Crystal by the way.

Becca read the note before smiling and nodding her head in agreement. Two pairs of eyes were better than one she thought. She made up a quick introduction and sent it to her along with her username, Sasha, but she probably already knew that. The two spent the remaining time checking out their surroundings and sending their reports.

What color is your hair supposed to be? Becca asked to kill time.

Green, what color is it now? Crystal asked.

Hot pink. Becca responded smiling as Crystal’s violet eyes widened as she searched for a mirror. Just kidding. Becca sent causing the other to roll her eyes playfully. They sent further messages back and forth. Some were other differences they had spotted while others were simple observations, like the guy sitting to next to Becca’s right that was pretending to scratch his nose while actually picking. Definitely not fooling anyone. Anything else change?

The ceiling fan is turning clockwise instead of counter clock wise, the smoke detector disappeared and Sasha has turned into a man.

WHAT? Becca sent in a panic patting her lap for anything that shouldn’t be there. A just kidding appeared but Becca looked down the front of her shirt just incase. This room was changing everything from decorations to physical appearance. Maybe it was possible to change someone’s gender as well. They were all just avatars after all.

“Hello, and thank you all for waiting.” The lady who had walked Becca to the room suddenly appeared. She breathed a small sigh of relief to see the door back and that she was no longer trapped inside this room full of strangers. “We are ready to begin the testing process. We will call you back one at a time for a quick interview and then you are free to go. First I must ask that if you are carrying any weapons, please put them back in your inventory as they will not be needed during this portion of the test.”

After a few seconds of silence people began pulling out a few guns and knives they had kept holstered to themselves and placed them on the table before scanning them back into their inventory. Becca sighed before standing up and removing her coat. She was afraid that this was going to happen. She pulled her semi-automatic and 9mm she kept tucked into the back of her skirt. She then un-tucked her shirt and pulled out the shotgun she had slung around her shoulder, two black hunting knives around each ankle, and removed the utility belt of ammunition she had strapped around her waist that also contained a few grenades and smoke bombs. Once those were on the table she reached into her blouse and pulled out a small stun gun and canister of pepper spray.

Someone whistled at her growing pile of weaponry as Becca looked up to find everyone in the room staring at her wide eyed including Crystal. Becca smiled anxiously as she pulled out a few shotgun shells out of each pocket.

“Are you done?” The secretary asked raising her eyebrows.

“Almost,” Becca said grimacing apologetically as she unholstered a glock from her right thigh and a revolver from her left along with two switchblades, and a bone saw. “I think that’s everything.” Becca laughed anxiously.

“All of it please, you’ll be going through a metal detector.” The secretary said.

“Fine.” Becca grumbled reaching up the back of her blouse and retrieving a Smith and Wesson along with a silencer before upending her purse as various forms of ammunition spilled out onto the table.

“Damn, girl.” Arnold-better-known-as-Anthony-said as the room fell completely silent.

“I’ll need to go somewhere private to remove the rest.” Becca said apologetically as everyone stared mouths agape.

*006*2015-11-02 19:34

{{: 

Why so many bloody weapons!? why not just grab a portal gun and ditch the rest!? actually, i see your point.

}}

It was a scene more for humor. She didn't didn't know what kind of test it was going to be so she equipped her entire inventory xD

*008*2015-11-05 03:09

Becca slid the glowing red palm of her hand across the last of her artillery before it vanished back into her inventory. Scanner off.

“Now that everyone is sorted out.” The secretary said with a hint of annoyance gazing towards Becca as the cause of the hold up. “We will now begin calling everyone back one at a time for the interview process.” Becca nodded her head in understanding as everyone listened to the welcoming speech. Becca tried to remember everything that had changed in the room. Crystal’s hair was first wasn’t it? Or was it the plant? Or the picture? Why did she have to sit with her back to the plant?

An incoming message snapped her from her thoughts as she read it through.

What’s with the Rambo get-up? Crystal asked.

I kind of thought this was going to be a fight to the death to be honest. I wasn’t sure what I needed to equip so I kind of, well, equipped everything. Do you think it was overkill?

Crystal snorted out loud as her eyes danced across the invisible words in front of her. Six guns, four grenades, nine knives, a bone saw, three smoke bombs, a silencer, AND a shotgun. Yeah, I think you went a little overkill. Do I even want to know what you pulled out in the back room and from which crevice you evacuated it from?

If this was a full dive Becca’s face would probably be glowing bright red right now. Probably not. She sent back.

How did you even manage to conceal all that? I knew you had a something big across your back by the way you were sitting, but I never would have guessed you were packing that much.

Practice, Becca sent with a shrug.

“Sasha Brindey,” A voice rang out as Becca gulped. Why did she have to go first? She took a few deep calming breaths and stood up. If this was reality she was sure she would puke. “Come this way, please.” The Secretary said leading her down another hallway covered in mundane portraits of nature. Becca could never understand why they tried to make virtual reality look so much like, well, reality. You could do anything and everything. So why have ordinary, plain boring offices?

What annoyed Becca the most were the rules against using her in-game settings in non-designated areas. She knew it was to keep people in full dives safe, but c’mon? Who’d waste the money in a full dive here? It all really boiled down to appearance. Using hyper speed in an office tended to look unprofessional. Just because you can doesn’t mean you should.

“Please allow me to scan your chip,” she said as one of her palms began to glow bright red as Becca stuck out her forearm for the woman to scan. The woman quickly waved it over Becca’s wrist as an image of Sasha appeared on the wall. After all these years it still seemed strange to see herself as Sasha and not as Becca. She always expected to see black hair and green eyes when looking at her reflection, not brown hair and blue eyes. She still got her two selves confused sometime as she sill introduced herself as “Becca” in game and “Sasha” in reality. “Is this correct?” The woman asked as a picture of Becca appeared on the wall after Sasha disappeared.

“Yes.” Becca answered as she shifted nervously from foot to foot once she confirmed everything in her Sphere profile.

“Please have a seat.” She said directing Becca to a group of armchairs in the corner. “What I’m going to do is ask you a few questions of how the Sphere came to be to check your history.” Becca frowned. A history lesson? What about the changing room? What about fighting to the death? “In your own words, why did we create the Sphere?” she asked gazing sharply at Becca with her hazel colored eyes.

“It was originally created so that people could re-learn how to communicate with each other face to face after becoming dependent on the anonymity of technology. The human race began losing needed social skills due to its reliance on communication from behind a screen, so we developed a program to try and integrate humanity back into real person-to-person meetings, but still giving them a way to remain anonymous.”

“And do you know what year that came out?”

“Around the 2200’s.” Becca answered.

“Now please send me a message.” The woman said. Becca was a little taken a back. Why was this so easy? Everyone could send a message. All you to do to was think. Open Messenger. Becca turned on her Sphere Vision to see the woman’s username. Victoria Malteese. Hi, I’m Sasha. End Message. Send to Victoria Malteese. “Alright. Good.” Victoria said. The way her eyes moved rapidly back and forth told Becca she was also writing a message, but after a few seconds she realized she wasn’t writing to Becca, she was writing about Becca. “Now I have a few questions about the room you were waiting in. Including yourself, how many people were in it?”

“Fourteen.” Becca answered after a moment to reflect.

“Did you notice anything unusual about anyone there?” Victoria asked.

“One of the girls hair changed colors several times, and one of the girl’s chests defied gravity.” Becca said. Victoria ignored her comment about Mrs. TopHeavy and proceeded with the interview.

“How many times did it change?”

“Four times. It was green when I first entered, but changed to blue, back to green, and then black to brown.”

“Can you name as many people as possible that were in the room?” Crap. She only knew two or three. She was paying attention to changing environment, not the people she was in the room with.

“Crystal, Arnold, Sasha…” Becca said trying and failing to think of others. Should she make up names? No, Victoria would know if she was just making stuff up. “That’s all that I know of.”

“How many things are you aware of that changed?”

“Seven,” Becca answered feeling more confident about this question as she listed the differences her and Crystal found.

“How many weapons was Sasha concealing?” The corners of Becca lips turned upward in a slight smile. So that’s why they didn’t check her before entering the waiting room.

“Twenty three that I pulled out in front of everyone, and four in private. I feel much better now that those are out of there.” Becca said in an attempt to make her laugh. Victoria remained as emotionless and stone faced as ever causing Becca to shift uncomfortably in her chair. Laughter was her defense mechanism for when she was nervous, which sometimes led to her saying inappropriate things at inappropriate times. Like now for instance. Awkward silence filled the room causing Becca to inwardly cringe.

“How long did it take you to conceal all of those weapons?” Victoria finally asked.

“Fifteen minutes.”

“Why do you want to join the SPP?”

“To make it safe for everyone to join, and to stop cyber attacks against children.”

“What is the most common sign something has been tampered with?”

“A dim flashing light appears.”

“That’s all for this interview. Someone will be in touch with your results later on today.” Victoria said standing to her feet and straightening out the hem of her skirt. “It was nice meeting you, Sasha.” Becca frowned as her thoughts waged war in her head. How was that interview supposed to make her stand out from the rest? She let out a heavy sigh in defeat. There was no way she would make it after that. She had only remembered two names. Why hadn’t she just stayed in Sphere Vision? Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! She was so frustrated she just wanted to kick something. Guess all there was left to do now was logout and drown her sorrows in zombie brains. Nothing soothed Becca’s nerves quite like blowing holes in the heads of zombies.

Before she knew it she had reached the lobby where she had arrived and after thinking of a few commands, she found herself at her home page. An image of Sasha’s current look displayed in the middle of the room. The first thing she’d do is change out the business professional attire and slip into something more comfortable. With every wave of her hand, a new outfit appeared on the image of her avatar. Swimsuit. Nope. Skirt. Nope. Hideous bridesmaid dress from her cousin’s wedding last month. Definitely not. Becca finally settled on a red T-shirt and cargo capris, before repeating the process for hairstyles.

Perfect, she thought as she equipped herself with her chosen outfit, now to pick a game. What would help her take her mind off everything? Shooting zombies? Racing hovercrafts? Martial arts? Becca flicked through her collection of playable worlds before glancing at the countdown timer on the wall. She had two hours left before the system would automatically log her out for safety reasons. When the Sphere first became available for in-home use, there were a few cases where people never logged out and starved to death. Even Becca herself had a few embarrassing incidents where she had logged out only to find she had wet herself from being in games for too long.

A few years later they had programmed a fail-safe to automatically log you out after six hours of continual Sphering as a reminder to take care of yourself. Rumor had it that there was a drug on the market that allowed you to stay in a full dive for weeks at a time, but was only available to the rich. Somehow it slowed your metabolism way down along with your sense of time. A day in the Sphere would only be an hour or so in reality. One of the main users of the drug was the SPP; it was how they shoved a year of training into less than a week in real time. The thought of getting to live full time in the Sphere sounded amazing to Becca. Too bad she blew the interview.

Sure, she didn’t actually KNOW she blew it, but with as tough as the selection process is, Becca assumed they were looking for perfect scores. Her performance was average at best. 1:10, 000, no way they would accept average Becca. She sighed as she continued flipping through her list of games. She’d drive herself crazy if she kept dwelling on this. The corners of her lips turned in a smile as her eyes rested on the image of game she hadn’t played in years. She used to love it when she was younger. It was a game where you could be a superhero and choose from several superpowers while fighting crime.

“Load Heroes of Justice.”

###

“Whoooo!!!” Becca yelled as she flew in and out between the clouds feeling the wind whipping her hair back. How many years had it been since she last played this? She flew over the town enjoying the scenery. How awesome would this be if she was in a full dive? She wondered what it would be like to feel the sensation of flying in her whole body instead of just her face where the helmet was. Would her stomach do flips when she nosedived towards the pavement? Would she hurt herself punching criminals in the face? How much would it hurt getting sucked into a jet engine? On second thought, she was fine with a partial dive.

Becca slowly floated through the virtual clouds parting them with her hands and drawing designs. She could see the sun beginning to set as she hovered in the sky to watch. There’s always next year.

You’ve reached your time limit for the day. Logging Out.

Becca groaned as she reached up and took the helmet off to reveal the walls of her bedroom. She slowly sat up in bed as lightheadedness took hold from lying down for so long. A beeping noise coming from the other end of her room caught her attention. She slowly made her way to the other side of the room to her cell phone sitting on her desk. She had three new emails she hadn’t checked before logging out. Junk Mail, junk mail and more ju-She froze as her fingers trembled on the screen. It was a message was the testing site. Becca took a few deep breaths before hesitantly clicking on the message expecting a rejection email. She quickly scanned the email looking for the words “We regret to inform you,” but they never came. She read and re-read the message several times before it finally made sense and she wasn’t just imagining it.

Congratulations, you have made it to the next phase of testing. Please report to address 134.853.134.0897 Tuesday, November 17th at 8 am. Please see below for results of testing.

Observational skills: Average

Teamwork: Excellent

Preparedness: Excellent

Additional notes and comments: Never seen anyone come with so much ammunition before. Wasn’t sure if she was there for the SPP or to wage war against the establishment.

*012*2015-11-06 08:06

Chapter Three

After looking at the email for nearly ten minutes in disbelief, Becca ran down the hall as fast as her jellified legs could carry her screaming in excitement the entire way to the kitchen.

An hour later a piping hot dehydrated chocolate cake sat on the kitchen table as means of celebrating after Becca’s mom boiled her favorite capsules for dinner. Becca talked a mile a minute in excitement not even stopping between bites of food. Her parents of course knew all about the SPP having had to hear all about from her since she was at least 10-years-old, but they smiled politely anyway knowing how important this was to her.

Becca couldn’t help, but stop and ponder the results for a minute. It was obvious the trial was meant to test her observational skills, but teamwork and preparedness? What did those mean? She thought back a moment at the ever changing room and its inhabitants. She didn’t remember saying anything to Veronica, the lady interviewing her, about teaming up with anyone. Did Crystal mention anything during her interview perhaps, and if not how did they know? Was it because their answers matched? Or maybe they knew because Becca answered questions correctly about things that were out of her line of sight and they assumed someone told her.

The real reason hit Becca like a ton of brinks. It was because they were watching her in the waiting room. Of course! They could probably see her messages as well. Crystal had literally sent her a message asking to team up and Becca had agreed despite knowing they were actually rivals. She never would have guessed they would be checking for teamwork in that situation, but the more she thought about it the more sense it made. They would be partnered with someone for three years of school, not to mention however long they’d be partnered with someone on cases. Sp’s always worked in pairs.

All that was left was to figure out preparedness. What did that mean? Her answers about the Sphere’s history? Everyone knew that though. How would they be able to judge preparedness based on questions you didn’t know would be asked?

Becca narrowed it down to all of her weaponry. That had to be it. They did ask for everyone to pull everything out and put it on the table. If they were watching her take everything out in the conference room, were they watching her in the supply closet while she pulled out paralysis gas canister she had hidden up there. Hey, if she couldn’t feel anything from the chin down she was going to take advantage of every natural pocket her body created although now she was regretting it a bit. Frickin Nacrebo effect. Get shot in the chest twice? Totally fine, but shove a kunai up her butt and she felt like she’d never be able to sit comfortably again. She may have even lied slightly about the time it too to get it up there as well.

“Any idea what happens next?” Trevor Strokes, Becca’s father asked.

“No idea,” said Becca. “It just said to go to the address.”

“Honey, why are you hovering over the chair like that? Please, sit down.” Becca’s mom, Heather, insisted.

“I can’t, It hurts.” Becca whined.

“Get shot in the butt again?” Trevor asked with a laugh.

“No, I ran out of pockets.” Becca moaned.

“Lalalala,” Trevor said covering his ears.

“So I had to…“

“Lalalala”

“Stick it up my…“

“Lalalala.”

“You know, normal people just carry a purse.” Heather said frowning at the strange entity that was her teenage daughter.

“Has anyone seen the remote?” Trevor asked searching the tabletop. “You’d think after all these years they’d come out with something remote less.”

“Yeah, just a sec,” Becca said pretending to reach into the back of her pants as her parents shook their heads. “Sooo…” she said after a couple of minutes once all the remaining dishes had been cleared.

“Yes?” Trevor asked looking at the suspicious smile that spread across his daughters face. “What do you want?”

“Keys?” Becca asked holding her palms out and scrunching up her face.

“Why?”

“So I can go to Brian’s.” She explained.

“Why?”

“So I can tell him the good news.”

“Why?”

“Please,” Becca begged.

“I don’t know…last time you didn’t obey curfew.” He said dangling them in front of her face.

“I will this time; I promise.” Said Becca as she reached for them only for them to be pulled away from her grasp at the last minute.

“And you promise you won’t lose them?”

“I promise! I’ll keep them safe where no one can get to them.”

“Seeing as how you’ve been unable to sit properly all night; that sentence concerns me.” Heather said causing Becca to playfully stick out her tongue.

“Home by midnight.” He said handing over the keys.

“Thank you!” Becca yelled already hallway to the garage.

###

Snow fell in large waves from both sides of the hover bike as Becca floored it in the wide open field. Virtual reality was fun, but nothing beat the real life thrills of having cool air whipping through your face doing 200mph in an empty forest. She breathed in the fresh smell of the nearby growing pine trees that surrounded her on all sides. Her village was already setting up Christmas lights and decorations in the trees and as a result the night sky was filled with many reds and greens that illuminated Becca’s path. She zipped around, taking a few sharp turns and enjoying the thrill of feeling her heart beating rapidly in her chest.

Too bad the Sphere couldn’t give her this kind of a rush. Well, nothing in her price range could anyway. The Sphere could try and imitate life all that it wanted, but she always knew deep down it wasn’t real no matter how badly she wanted it to be. The Sphere was an escape from reality; nothing more. As fun as it was, sooner or later you had to log off and come back to the real world.

Becca pulled to a stop as she admired her handiwork of different designs she had made by flying over the snow. There was a figure eight in one corner and a smiley face in the other. So she wasn’t an art major by any means, but she still had fun and that’s what counted, right?

She breathed in deep lungful’s of the fresh mountainous air and sat on the still rumbling bike between her legs. Becca glanced at the clock on her dash that read 8:27pm. She should probably head over to Brian’s like she said she was seeing as how she’d already been out here for two hours goofing off. If she left now she’d reach her brothers place in 15 minutes from where she was, but first Becca decided she needed to make a pit stop once she noticed herself jiggling up and down on the bike.

After turning off the ignition, she shivered in the chilly night air once the heat shield left with the engines power leaving her to brace the icy elements. She quickly hopped off into the snow as her legs wobbled unsteadily from riding for too long. Becca hobbled over to an old metal pole her village used to use to get electricity back in the day. She leaned her back against it to support herself in her unsteady state as she slowly shimmied her pants down.

“Guys have it so easy,” She softly complained exposing her bare butt to the elements before relaxing and allowing her bladder to empty into the white powder below. It wasn’t until she had finished and began trying to tug up her pants that she realized there was a problem. She squirmed this way and that as she tried again and again to free herself but to no avail. Becca’s butt was completely stuck to the frozen pole she had leaned against. “No no no!” She moaned tugging and pulling, but her skin remained frozen in place. She had always remembered the warnings about never licking a frozen pole, but she had never heard of anyone getting their butt stuck before.

When Becca tried everything she could possibly think of to free herself short of ripping the skin off, she sighed in defeat and fished her cell phone out of her pants pocket.

“Hey, Brian…” Becca said in a suspiciously cheery tone when he answered after the third ring. “How much do you love me?”

“What did you do?” a male voice from the other end asked with a heavy sigh. He knew that tone of voice all too well. That was the, I did something stupid and I need help pitch.

“You remember that field you used to take me too when we were kids?”

“Yeahhh… You didn’t crash into a tree again, did you?”

“No nothing like that. It’s just, umm, kind of embarrassing.”

“Just say it, Becca. What kind of trouble are you in?”

“I’m stuck to an electrical pole.” Becca blurted out only to be met with silence on the other end. “Brian? Are you there?”

“And by stuck to an electrical pole, what exactly do you mean by that?” Becca sighed as she heard the strain in his voice as he tried not to laugh.

“Can you just come get me please? And bring some warm water!”

###

Brian sat hunched over his hover bike unable to contain his laughter, his little sisters scowl only making it increasingly funnier to him. When she had said she was stuck to a pole he had envisioned many different scenarios ranging from her climbing up and being unable to get down (it wouldn’t have been the first time) to her getting her pant leg stuck on something. Never had he imagined pulling up and seeing her with her pants around her knees and her butt cheeks completely frozen to a pole. This was priceless.

“Can you please help me? It’s cold!” She complained using her hands to cover her front.

“I’m sorry,” Brian said advancing closer with the thermos that contained her freedom. Hopefully. He cracked up even harder once he had gotten a closer look as she hung her head in shame. “You so owe me for this.” He said pouring the hot liquid over her backside in order to thaw it free. Becca winced as the warm water came in contact with her tender skin, but after a few wiggles she was able to pry herself free and pull up her pants.

“We must never speak of this again.” Becca said.

*015*2015-11-07 20:09

So I have a slight idea of where I'm going to take this, but I want your guy's opinion. Would you prefer this stays lighthearted and kind of quirky or should it get a little darker and deal with more heavy topics?

*018*2015-11-07 23:58

Awesome I was hoping you guys would say that.

*020*2015-11-08 07:06

Chapter Four

Steam began to fill the entire bathroom fogging over the bathroom mirror as hot water filled the old-fashioned looking porcelain tub. 18-year-old Becca Strokes shivered as she waited impatiently for it to finish as she slowly stripped down. Unable to take the cold any longer, she gingerly stepped in and sat down in the warm water that barely went halfway to her thighs. She closed her eyes and leaned back while continuously scooping warm water with her hands and dumping it over her chest until the tub finally filled up all the way as the sensor automatically shut the tap off.

“Much better,” She mumbled to herself while enjoying the sounds of the local nightlife right outside the bathroom window. Becca could her an owl hooting somewhere in the nearby trees as wind gently swept through the forest causing a cacophony of rustling leaves. She’d stay in the tub all night if she could. The tub’s built in heater kept the water at optimal temperature like a mini Jacuzzi so the post bath sprint to dry off and get warm was even less ideal than Brian’s taunting she was sure to face. Why’d she have to go and get herself stuck to an electrical pole? Who the hell even does that?

“Are you going to stay in there all night?” Becca heard coming from the other side of the door a half hour later.

“It’s tempting.” Becca responded.

“Don’t you want to see what I’ve been working on?” Becca frowned as she debated her options. She didn’t come all the way to Brian’s to sit in his tub all night. She really did love getting to see his projects. Sometimes he worked on various patches for the Sphere and sometimes he developed games. Other times he did sciency stuff that sent Becca’s head spinning with terms and ideas that went right over her comprehension level. Lately though he had been very secretive about his recent project and no matter how many times Becca asked to see or hear about it, Brian always said he couldn’t talk about it. Was he willing to share it now because he was finished or was it because he felt bad that she spent nearly an hour with her butt frozen to a pole?

“Not if I have to go out there.” She answered after a minute.

“Then I’ll tell you all about the different brain hormones that get released during Sphere dives while you’re trapped with no where to go.”

“You wouldn’t…”

“Did you know that during a partial dive…”

Ten minutes later Becca sat in front of the fireplace gripping a mug of hot chocolate while shivering from her wet hair. For someone who worked on such futuristic designs and proto-types he sure liked to live in such a primitive way. He didn’t even have a full body dryer in his bathroom! He had these primitive things called towels that you had to wrap yourself in to absorb the water off your body. He even had a fireplace! A fireplace! That burned things! Where in the world did he even find someone that was willing to build him a fireplace? The cottage certainly wasn’t originally designed that way.

“Sometimes it’s nice after a long day of virtual reality to sit back and enjoy just regular reality.” He’d say. Becca wondered if living in the past actually counted as living in regular reality. Other than that, she supposed he was right, but after tonight’s mishap, it only confirmed her love for the virtual world.

“So how familiar are you with full dives?” Brian asked after returning from his basement that he used as a laboratory.

“A bit I guess in theory. I’ve never actually been in a full dive before.” Becca admitted. The prospect of feeling pain never appealed to her seeing as she spent most of her time in virtual reality playing with guns and other weapons. Sure, there so much more to it than just pain. You could feel, touch, taste, sweat and actually build muscle since your body was convinced it was actually happening. It was also way out of her price range. The last thing she needed was to get addicted to something that expensive. Not everyone in this room had fancy high paying jobs since they hit puberty.

“What? You’ve never done a full dive before?” Brian asked shocked.

“Why would I want to do a full one? Hurts enough after just doing a partial.”

“What?” He asked cocking his head to the side a bit in confusion. “It hurts?”

“Yeah, that Necebro effect or whatever it’s called.” Becca said frowning at Brian’s smirk that began spreading across his face.

“That only exists in full dives; you can’t get hurt from a partial.” He said.

“I’m serious! My butt hurts!” She insisted.

“Yeah, because you froze it to a pole.” He said as Becca glared.

“I stuck a kunai up my butt today and now it hurts!” She complained

“Please never say that in public.” He said shaking his head. “Should I be more disturbed that you are sticking things up there, or that you are admitting you stuck something up there as nonchalantly as if you told me what you had for lunch?”

“I was in the Sphere. It’s not like I literally stuck something up there.” Becca said. “Mom told me I should get a purse.”

“Yeah, you might want to look into that.” Brian said grinning.

“So what are you working on?” Becca asked hoping he’d finally reveal his top-secret project. Brian shifted forward in his chair before pushing his glasses up his face.

“You have to swear not to tell anyone.” He said getting serious. “Not mom or dad, not anyone at the Sphere testing center. No one.”

“I promise.” Becca said leaning forward in her chair.

“I’ve been trying to figure this out for months and I finally made a breakthrough.” He said as his eyes danced with excitement. Becca realized the reason he was telling her now wasn’t because he felt bad for her; he was too excited with his progress to keep it to himself. “You know that drug used to manipulate your sense of time and slow your metabolism?” Becca nodded as Brian continued with his explanation. “It cost me an arm and a leg, but I managed to get a hold of a vial of it last year and I’ve been researching its chemical components.” Brian continued on for some time talking about the drug in his fancy science lingo that zipped right over Becca’s head. She just nodded wide eyed and pretended she understood. Finally he came to an end to his speech while his voice rose a bit in excitement. “Do you know what this means?” He asked as his eyes shined.

Becca nodded her head but the words, “No,” quickly came out.

“The government has kept this drug hush hush to the public for years to keep people from reproducing it. Only the rich has ever been able to afford it, but now that I’ve managed to find a way to reproduce it about a thousand times cheaper…” He said with a wide grin.

“So you made like a generic version?” Becca asked finally catching on as Brian nodded before glancing around the room and removing a small vial from his pocket.

“This could change so much, Becca. It could-“ Brian paused mid sentence as someone began pounding on the front door. They exchanged curious looks before Brian got up and headed to answer it. How weird, Becca thought. Who’d be knocking on the door 11 at night? She craned her neck around the headrest of her chair to get a good look as Brian approached the source of the commotion.

“Hello?” Brian called out from the closed front door.

“Can you help me?” A single male voice answered. “I crashed in the forest a little ways back and have been wondering around on foot for the last hour. You’re the first house I’ve found.” Brian visibly relaxed as he peeked through the hole in the door causing Becca wonder if he worried about something. He opened the door only to freeze in place. “Back inside.” The voice from earlier ordered, only now more forceful and harsh instead of pleading and desperate. Brian backed up slowly with his hands up as two men approached from the side with ski masks covering their faces and guns drawn pushed passed him.

Becca immediately jumped to her feet only to be met with the barrel of a gun. “Sit back down! Put your hands where I can see them!” She quickly let her self plop back down in the chair with her hands up as her eyes shifted from Brian to the gunmen in front of her.

“Where is it?” The average looking man from earlier asked. Becca recognized his voice as the one who had asked for help. She couldn’t blame her brother for answering the door for him. He didn’t look very threatening to Becca in his jeans and grey zip up hoodie, but his voice was forceful and demanding. She quickly tried to spot any kind of incriminating feature on any of them, but everything about him screamed plain and ordinary. He had the kind of face that could easily be overlooked in a crowd of people while the other two were covered head to toe.

“Where’s what?” Brian asked shifting his eyes from the man in front of him to his sister. Becca sat in the chair feeling powerless to stop them in the mix of all the chaos. She couldn’t understand what they were after, until one of the gunmen began tearing the cottage a part searching for something.

“You know perfectly well what I mean!” The man in the grey hoodie shouted. “Give me the drug!” Becca’s eyes widened in understanding; they were after her brother’s research. She jumped up in anger, but froze when she found a gun in her face for the second time in the manner of minutes. Her heart beat madly inside her chest like she had never felt before as her legs wobbled. Sweat began to bead from the top of her hairline and slowly make its way down her face from the high-pressure situation.

“There’s a lab down here!” One of the men called from the basement as the guy in the hoodie ordered the other to keep an eye on her and Brian before making his way down the stairs.

“Get over in the corner!” The second gunman said pointing his gun at the back of Brian’s head as a thick hand forcefully pushed him over towards her. “Both of you sit down and don’t even think about moving.” He threatened. Brian flashed her an apologetic look as if to say he knew this would happen.

“Why don’t you stop them?” Becca whispered. He could easily take them down in a matter of minutes, hell; even she could probably take this one by herself. An elbow to the groan here, an upper cut to the chin. All she needed to do was stun him long enough to get the gun and…

“No, Becca.” Brian whispered sternly. “This isn’t a game! This is real life! You can’t just re-spawn if something happened! When the first moment presents itself I want you to make a run for it.”

“No one’s going anywhere until we get what we came for!” The man said moving the gun back towards Becca.

“Look, I’ll give it to you, alright? Just leave my sister out of this.” Brian said slowly moving his hand towards his pocket.

“Keep your hands where I can see them!”

“Ok, look, what you’re looking for is in my right jacket pocket.” Brian said with his hands in the air motioning with his chin. “Just know it’s only a prototype and it’s untested.”

“What are you doing?” Becca asked as the man searched Brian’s pocket and retrieved the vial Brian had been so excited about minutes before.

“Just let them have what they came for. It’s better this way.” Brian said. Becca clenched her fists in anger. If he wasn’t going to do anything to stop them than she would. She could take him down. The sneer on the man’s face as he held the vial in his hands was the last straw for Becca. She wasn’t going to just sit back and let someone steal what her brother had worked so hard on. She charged and elbowed the 6-foot man in the gut before he even had time to register what had happened. She grabbed hold of his wrists and tried to yank the gun free from his hands, but a loud pop caused her to let go in surprise.

The last thing Becca remembered before loosing consciousness was the sounds of gunfire and Brian clutching his side while blood spilled over his hands.

*024*2015-11-08 23:27

{{: 

Oh my god this premise is so awesome! I . . . wow . . .

Can't wait for the next update!

}}

Thanks : D I didn't realize how difficult coming up with an original story is 0.0 I've mostly wrote fanfiction.

Fun fact. I wrote that part during a get together at a coffee shop for nanowrimo and the first sentence on a blank piece of paper was “I stuck a kunai up my butt today and now it hurts!” Girl next to me read it and was like..0.o What are you writing?!?

$$

