Julius' Desperate Carriage Ride

Author: Keita123

*000*2017-08-16 05:19

Julius Lodell was almost a perfect seven-year old child in all sense of the word.

Adorable-looking, good at swordmanship, magic, and general studies, and innocent to almost a fault.

The only problem was that he was quite the shy boy. With someone he had gotten comfortable with, he would not hesitate to talk and laugh with them. But with strangers, he often looked down, as if he was afraid. The boy was quite sheltered unfortunately, having no friends of his age to play with.

And so her parents decided that he should be introduced to a playmate. In the end however, the choice fell to Marie La Fey, a girl three-years older than him. She had met him in a party one day and they ended up conversing and playing only with each other for the entire event. Both of their parents saw this and thought that they might be a good match. They even joked that they might just make the two fiancees right away.

And now, here he was, sitting in a carriage with Marie and his mother returning from a picnic they just had to his home. The picnic would have been great fun, if not for one problem.

He had to pee. Badly.

He had forgotten to relief himself before they departed, and throughout the picnic, where much tea was served, he had grew more and more desperate. Sure, he could relieve himself in the bushes but not when Marie was constantly following him around. He couldn't admit his need to her. He had always thought of her as pretty and he was afraid she would look at him less.

And thus, he ended up in this state, squirming on his seat as he wished that the carriage would go faster.

"Hmm? What's the matter, Julius?" his mother asked with a warm smile.

Julius had always loved his mother so very much. He thought of her as the most beautiful woman that had ever existed, with her long, wavy blonde hair and bright blue eyes. The white dress she wore today made her even prettier.

"N-nothing, Mother, n-nothing at all..." he replied. He wanted to tell her about his need but unfortunately, Marie was also there sitting beside her.

If his mother was a bright and cheery sunflower, then Marie would be a thorny rose. She was also blonde and blue-eyed like his mother but that's where their similarities ended. Her hair was curled on the sides to a drill-like form. Her eyes were the opposite of his mother's. They seemingly always looked down on others.

Even so, he knew that Marie was a good person inside. The girl was simply lonely. Being the heiress of one of the richest noble families in the kingdom, many families wanted their sons to marry her. And so she would have boys trying to woo her. She could all tell that they were not honest, and they were only acting as ordered by their parents. However, when she met Julius, his innocence and honesty immediately charmed him. And when he gave her his brilliant smile, she realized that she had fallen for him. She just wished he was less timid, but she supposed that it was one of his charms as well. All of the other buys she met were all the gaudy and overconfident types. She preferred him over that for sure.

Unfortunately, Julius didn't know about her feelings, so he stayed nervous and a tad scared around her.

As their journey continued, Julius' desperation grew even more. He sat with his legs crossed, desperately looking at the unchanging scenery to distract him from his full bladder. His mother was reading a book while Marie was looking at her window with a terribly bored expression on her face.

Suddenly, a jolt shook the carriage, thanks to a rock getting under its wheels. The jolk made poor Julius leak a spurt in his pants, wetting the boxers he wore under his pants. With a gasp, he quickly put both of his hand to his crotch, feeling how his brown trousers were now slightly damp.

"Honey, are you sure you're alright? You look pale, my dear. Are you feeling sick? We can stop of a while if you want," his mother asked, her voice full of concern.

"I-I'm fine, mother. I-I'm just tired, that's all. I-I just wish we arrive home soon," he replied, putting on a fake smile.

"Well, if you say so," his mother responded with a smile. "Just remember, we're all your family here, even Marie--" She smiled at the bored-looking girl. "so don't be shy in sharing with us any of your problems."

Julius could only smile back. For him, admitting that he was badly in need of a wee was too much for him. Even to his own mother, he would only do it by whispering to her while blushing terribly. But with Marie there, with her judging eyes, she would really think of him as a child if he couldn't hold himself like a proper adult could.

Their journey continued. Now Julius couldn't even hide his desperation as he squirmed and fidgeted in his seat, with his hands on his crotch, grabbing his penis. Thankfully, his mother's attention was on her book, while Marie was still watching the scenery.

And then, it happened. A spurt escaped once again. Followed by another. And another. And another. And another.

He couldn't stop it. He couldn't feel his muscle down there. He could only watch with a horrified expression as his pants got wetter and wetter.

Panicking, he quickly said, "M-Mother, I--"

It was too late however, as right when his mother looked up from her book, she could see a stream of fresh urine trickling down from her son's seat. She saw how terrified and embarrassed he looked, how he was in the verge of crying and how red his cheeks were.

She moved in a flash. She sat beside her son and took him in into her embrace, putting his head on her bountiful chest and giving him a gentle hair brush.

"Sssshh, it's alright, my dear, just let it all out..." she whispered to him gently to her sobbing, peeing little boy.

"I-I'm so sorry, mother, I-I couldn't hold it..."

"It's okay... it's okay... no one would blame you..."

Meanwhile, Marie was staring wide-eyed at her future fiancee's wet crotch. Her cheeks were red but she didn't look away. No, she couldn't look away in fact, for you see, she had been secretly watching him ever since they started their carriage ride. She knew he was desperate to pee. She would have just told him to go but the way he cutely tried to hide his desperation... it enchanted her. She wanted to see more. More of his blushing face. More of his squirming legs. And so she let him be. She pretended to watch the scenery as she watched him from the corner of her eyes.

And now, she saw him wetting his pants throughoutly, with his urine pooling in front of his soaked seat. And it satisfied her greatly.

But now, she felt terrible for doing it.

She looked at him, crying and sobbing into his mother's embrace. She had a feeling he would be traumatized by this and he would never be able to look her straight in the eye ever again.

And that would simply not do.

She stood up from her seat. And, with a flushed cheek, she began wetting her dress as well.

Her crimson red dress soon turned darker in the front and back as her pee was absorbed by the garment. But soon, even that wasn't enough as she left a puddle of golden liquid underneath her.

Marie was actually quite desperate to go as well, only it was not as bad as Julius. She actually leaked a little when the jolt from before happened. She was confident she could hold it until they returned however, so she opted to hold seeing how peeing outside with a dress for a girl wasn't the easiest thing.

But now, with Julius crying like that, she decided she would just let it all out as well.

"O-oh my, you too, Marie?" Julius' mother asked.

"Yes. I can't hold it either, Miss Lodell," Marie replied confidently, as if peeing your dress was simiiar to sneezing. "S-so cheer up, Julius! You're not the only one that wet yourself today!"

Julius' sobs stopped as he looked up to Marie. He couldn't believe it. She really had wet herself as well.

His mother however immediately picked up on what was going on.

"Oh my, it seems today is really an unlucky day! First, my dear son, Julius. Then, his dear friend, Marie! And now, his mother as well!"

A loud pssssshht sound suddenly echoed inside the carriage. The sound was louder than the previous two combined. Julius gasped when he felt the spreading warmth on his buttcheeks coming from the direction of his mother. Indeed, the pretty mother was sitting there with a smile on her face as she peed into her pretty white dress. Her stream was strong and impressive and it seemed to last forever, spreading urine all over her seat and down below to the carriage floor to the point that her waters escaped the door, trickling down to the ground below outside the carriage.

When she finished, she looked at Julius and said, "See? We all have our accidents. So cheer up, my dear! I will explain everything to the servants so don't you be afraid one bit!"

Truth be told, she was terribly desperate as well. Many times she returned to the mansion running to the chamber pot in her room, a trait that her husband found adorable. They had never told this to anyone but the first time they met, she was in a desperate state and her husband helped her to a chamberpot before she flooded her dress. And from that little incident, they became charmed to each other. And now it seemed her son had inherited her weak bladder.

The remaining trip went swimmingly, with Julius back to his cheerful self. They all acted like they hadn't wet themselves.

And when the maids greeted them, the mother just said that the carriage ride took longer than they all thought.

