Desperate Tales from an Ancient City

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-08-01 23:26

Gypsy woke up groggily as a beam of mid-morning sunlight splashed onto her face. A long night of wine drinking had led her to oversleep. Its effects could also be felt in her swollen bladder, which felt full enough to burst. "Oh, damn," she muttered worriedly, sitting up and sticking her hand between her legs. She always had to go when she woke up in the morning, but not usually this badly. The reason she was so worried by this?

Every morning, Gypsy could be found squirming desperately while she swept outside the Glass Shop. She was a servant for the owner of the store, you see, and her quarters were separate from the building. She was only allowed inside to use the facilities once the front of the shop was nicely dusted, and she wasn't allowed a chamber pot of her own.

She grabbed her broom and hurried to her post. Not only did she need to go worse than usual, but she was so late that the ground had accumulated a significantly larger amount of leaves and clutter than what she usually had to clear. This was going to take a while.

The poor girl could hardly concentrate. She was constantly stepping back and forth, marching high and pressing her thighs together, unable to keep still. She'd gotten used to her hands staying on the broom, but it was a tougher task that day. She was sweating, but it wasn't even that hot. She twisted her legs up and stuck her butt out, the threat of leakage manifesting itself as a twinge in her urethra. Her bladder felt so squeezed by her dress.

The looks she received from the rest of the townsfolk during these displays of desperation ranged from disgust, sympathy, to perversion. Gypsy didn't appreciate any of them. She'd learned to tunnel her attention on the chore at hand, not to mention the retention of urine, so she could get it over with as quickly as possible. She sighed exhaustedly, leaning on her broom and putting her hands between her thighs.

The window of the shop snapped open. "Gypsy! Maybe you wouldn't have to piss so bad if you went to work earlier!"

"I overslept, sir," she called back, sweeping hurriedly resumed. She suspected the shop owner was a pervert, but it was hard to say. Keeping her desperate was actually a pretty efficient way to make her work faster most of the time. But there comes a point where the need is too intense to serve as a motivator and just ends up impeding her ability to do the job.

This was one of those times.

As she forced herself to keep her hands on the broom, she found herself trembling. Her bladder pushed out a spurt, causing her to drop to a squatting position, doubled over and holding herself. Her job was only about half done and she was seriously doubting her ability to keep all of her pee in for much longer. The sensation of way too much urine inside her was starting to hurt really badly. She pulled herself back up as far as she could go, unable to stand up straight. Gypsy had to pee so bad she couldn't think. She sped through the rest of the job as quickly as she could and rushed up to the door, banging the knocker while squirming around frantically trying not to pee herself.

The shop owner came to the window. "That doesn't look done!" he yelled.

"Please, sir, I can't hold it in any longer. It hurts so bad. I need to go right now or I'm not going to make it!"

"Control yourself! You're an adult woman, aren't you?"

"Y-yes sir, I just- I can't-" he had already left. She leaked again as she waddled back to the broom. Her pee filled bladder screamed to be emptied all the way, searing with urgent pain. "I can't do this..." she whimpered, gripping her crotch. A man in a hat smirked at her predicament. A woman pretended not to see. Gypsy was absolutely dying to piss, unable to stem the dribble that had started and wasn't seeming to stop. As her entire body started shaking, she realized she was beginning to cry. That dribble turned to a leak. "Oh!" she moaned, squeezing her thighs together and clutching her pussy. She ran to her quarters as an all-out hissing stream was released into her underwear, trailing pee behind her. In the privacy of her own home, she let go, liters of yellow piss cascading down her legs and forming a huge puddle beneath her. She couldn't help but moan. Her aching bladder was finally emptied of its contents, which had stretched it uncomfortably for far too long.

