Dripping Love

Author: Lakur

*010*2012-05-11 02:28

Here we go with Part IV, hope you all like it.

###

"Fuck..."

Sasuke twisted around on his sheets, trying to find a more comfortable sleeping position.

A small rustling noise made him twitch as his body moved.

It was all clear to him that the true reason for his insomnia was a different one, the diaper between his legs felt distubingly wrong, it was impossible to close his legs and most of all: the noise.

No matter how much he tried to lay completly still, he just couldn't do it.

And when he moved - no matter how minor that movement was - the rustling and crackling noise of the diaper penetrated his ears, driving him mad.

How was he supposed to sleep ? It seemed impossible in his current condition. The unfamiliar object on his body kept him awake and that wasn't all, the events of the past day haunted his mind as he was trying to fall asleep...it seemed impossible to banish these memories from his head; the horror as he woke up last morning and discovered the shameful accident, followed by another incident while showering, then the ultimate humilitation with the Hokage...and finally the discussion with the Blonde, who just refused to leave until he started to BEG him.

It was unworthy for an Uchiha to act like that...and even worse, that Jerk now knew that something was wrong.

And he knew Naruto enough, that boy would try everything to find out what "secret" Sasuke was trying to hide.

There was no question that he couldn't allow this to happen.

Absolutly not.

A quick glance on the glowing digits of his alarm clock let him realize it was past midnight already.

So that meant two hours had passed since he went to bed.

Two hours he didn't managed to fall asleep.

If he could just remove that "protection" from his crotch, it would be much easier to sleep without the annoying pressure.

But what solution would that be, leading to just another wet bed in the morning ?

No....he couldn't do that. He just had to endure it and eventually he would get used to the diaper.

"Getting used to them ? Really ? That's so pathethic..."

The darker side of him pushed itself into attention again.

"Why don't you give up and kill yourself right now ? It would be better for your deceased parents, much better than having a pathethic, bedwetting weakling as son!"

That voice...he had no willpower left to deal with it now, he could only lay there and listen to his inner self mocking him.

"This is what you get from becoming too soft - I said it all the time, I always knew it would end badly if you don't focus on your goal. YOU have dishonored your entire family."

His head started to hurt from the battle raging in his own mind...he felt sick, so really extremly sick right now. Sick of himself, how he had made a fool of himself today. Sooner or later it would all come out - he couldn't even imagine the reactions of the other people.

It was true: he was a disgrace, no other words could describe it.

The nausea suddenly started to become worse, his whole body felt rotten and dirty now.

He couldn't stand this any longer...

In the next moment he felt the stronge urhe to throw up going through his body...and it was becoming stronger very quickly.

"Fuck!" The Uchiha jumped up and rushed out the door as fast he could, he HAD to reach the bathroom or else...

###

Finally it became better, the horrid and disgusting aftertaste of his own vomit was almost gone now, after he had drunk a ludicrous amount of water from the sink, just to wash the taste away. It may had worked, but combined with his "problem", drinking large amounts of liquid...definitly wasn't a good idea. The only thing to do, was to hope this wouldn't lead to another....incident.

Slowly he rised his head, watching his own image in the mirror above the sink.

The face he saw there looked more dead than alive; pale, slightly green-ish skin, dark rings under his eyes, his hair uncombed and chaotic.

He couldn't even remember when he looked so utterly bad the last time...probably because there hadn't been another situation like this before.

A sigh escaped his lips and he shook his head slowly;

What should he do now ?

It was still the middle of night and he still felt incredibly tired and sick...but he knew, sleep was impossible as long he was wearing that...thing.

Right now, his entire life seemed like a horrible nightmare, all that constant fear about anyone else noticing his problem, combined with his own disgust about his failure and weakness...well, it just HAD to have some effect, right ?

He knew, best thing he could do was getting used to it, at least till Tsunade would come up with a proper solution.

But no matter how much he tried to accept that flaw, his pride just wouldn't allow him, instead he started to feel disgust about his own self.

The Uchiha took another glance into his undead-looking face, the sight itself made him shiver.

What he needed most, was some fresh air...to get his head clear and maybe a short walk outside would finally make him tired enough so he could actually sleep afterwards.

But he definitly wouldn't go out with these diapers.

Sure, it was about one in the morning now, chance he would run into anyone out on the streets was low, very low.

But there was no way he would risk himself being seen in such "protection", which was still very visible, even with pants covering them.

So he ripped the tapes open, sliding the soft, crackling object down his legs, kicking it into the nearest trash can.

Not that they were wet already - at least THAT was some relief - but he surely wouldn't wear the same pair again, later when he was coming back.

Finally he pulled his shorts back up, feeling much better now, without that unfamiliar something between his legs.

Sasuke headed downstairs, through all the dark and empty corridors until he reached the main door, ready to get some fresh, nightly air...

###

It definitly had been a good idea.

Even the nauseous background feeling in his head was now almost completly gone.

With every step he made, life seemed to come back to his tired body.

It just felt so good, refreshing and soothing to his nerves.

Slowly he wandered down the dim-lit road, letting his eyes wander through the nightly sky.

It was a peaceful night, no one else seemed to be outside at a time like that.

It surely was a welcome change to the loud and busy streets during daytime...it showed how even such a large village like Konoha had it's quiet hours.

Sasuke still prefered to stay away from the larger main streets, there was still some chance he would encounter someone on their way home from the bar - most likely drunk.

And he hated drunk people; they were noisy, aggressive and all in all VERY annoying, the exact opposite of what he needed right now.

That was why he prefered to walk on the less busy side streets, the possibility to meet another person here had to be almost zero.

He went around a corner to another road, just as he noticed someone else in front of him.

Worse enough until he realized it wasn't just SOMEone.

"Please not...", he moaned in his thoughts, biting lis lip as the other person stared at him.

"Sa...Sasuke-kun ?" The pink-haired girl blushed brightly as she saw her crush standing in front of her, appearantly very suprised to see her. "You came here to visit me ?"

How could he forget that ? This was the street where Sakura lived, right now they were right next to her house...an area he usually avoided - for several very good resons.

And now he almost walked directly into her, making her think he came here just to see her - a fatal misunderstanding.

Better to get out of here fast...

"Just lost something...never mind..." he said in a toneless voice, turning around as he felt her hand on his shoulder.

"N-no Sasuke, please...don't go away!" She blushed even more, feeling nervous and scared - this was such a perfect chance, she couldn't let it pass.

"You want to come in ? You look hungry..."

"Don't touch me."

As much he tried not to hurt her normally, his nerves were already worn-out from thinking about his own problems.

He just had no patience left for her naive fascination about him. Why couldn't she just leave him alone ?

"I'm going now and you won't follow, is that clear ?"

"B-but....no...you don't have to leave, it's alright...you came here because of me...you don't have to lie about this..."

She tried to show a smile, but her nervousness was too great...there was just no logical reason why he came here in the middle of night...except to see her.

And that meant....he felt something for her ?

Quickly she grabbed his hand, holding it tight...

"Oh Sasuke, I know how you feel...youre too shy to admit it...but that's okay, I-"

"Don't you LISTEN ? I said don't touch me!"

He pulled his hand away from her grip, now staring at her in anger.

"Are you really so stupid ? Or just blind ? I don't care about you and what you feel for me. I told you several times already but you just keep asking. So let's make this clear once and for all: Get lost!"

He felt tempted to yell the last two words into her shocked face, but this would just attract too much attention.

All he wanted was to be left alone.

A small tear ran down her cheek, followed by a small sob.

Why he had to be so mean ? She had no evil intentions, all she wanted was to make her Sasuke happy.

But his only reaction was cold rejection.

"Why are you so mean ? Sasuke-kun, am I not good enough for you ? Tell me, why don't you love me ?"

Oh she didn't wanted to cry now, but the tears just kept flowing.

He was just about to unleash another load of his anger at her - to make his point absolutly clear - appearantly she still hadn't understood.

But suddenly he felt a spurt of warm wetness escaping into his pants.

"No!"

Just no, this couldn't be happening. Not now!

Panic filled his mind and he looked down on himself, noticing a coin-sized wet spot on the front of his shorts.

And right in that moment, another spurt left his penis, larger than the first and the wetness spread a little more.

He was frozen in shock, unable to move - this was a disaster.

Her eyes had noticed the small dark spot as well, and she also saw the wetness spreading, the stain growing slowly.

"Sasuke...you're not....peeing your pants now, right ?"

But it seemed like he did...and he wasn't even trying to stop, he just stood there with a shock on his face.

Was that really Sasuke ? THE awesome and cool Sasuke she loved ?

Someone like him...wetting his pants ?

No! This just couldn't be true...

It was too late. He still couldn't move, and even if he could - his bladder now finally gave in, releasing all the water he had drank before - in form of warm urine, now soaking his shorts and running down his shivering, supple legs...soon everything below his waist turned into a warm and wet mess...

"How PATHETHIC!!!"

Sakuras voice had changed - her disbeliefed shock was over, now she just felt utter disgust.

Or rather spitefulness - after he hurt her so much and rejected her over and over, NOW he finally tasted some humiliation himself.

All that emotional pain he caused her, this was his well-deserved punishment.

"Poor Sasuke...can't even hold your waters ? And you used to tell ME that I am weak ? Look at yourself and your pee-wet pants..."

The nasty smile she had on her lips grew even wider now, however, in the moment of triumph she didn't notices the Uchihas hand coming closer to her throat.

Within a swift moment he managed to press her against the wall behind, holding her in place with his shaking hand.

What now ? Should he actually kill her, going that far to keep his secret safe ? Was it really worth it ?

But then again, she just saw something so utterly shameful and pathethic, she saw him...wetting his pants right in front of her.

Sasuke felt his fear growing out of control; what should he do ?

He had no solution for his problem, no plan at all.

It made the helpless feeling even worse, his usually calm and foresighted self was now trapped in a circle of fear and shame.

"Y-you w-wont tell a-anyone!"

His voice was shaking as he spoke, trying to make himself sound dangerous and cold...

"You will f-forget what you saw tonight. Never talk about it again, not to me and not to anyone else.

I promise I kill you...even if that means I would have to flee from here, even if it makes me an outlaw. I dont care about the consequences, so keep your mouth shut! Is that clear ?"

The words didn't sounded nearly as threatening as he wanted them to be, but they seemed to do their job as he notices Sasuke nodding slowly, her eyes widened in shock...yes, he could definitly see panic inside of them.

The same panic he felt now.

Maybe it would really keep her quiet...but what if not ?

Was he really able to make his threat true ?

After some hesitation he let her go, immediatly turning around and walking off, the soaking wet fabric of his shorts clinging to his skin as he moved - disgusting.

Hopefully he would make it back home without being seen by anyone else.

Because he no longer had any strength left....no strength and no willpower....

As he walked back, the old doubts and fears came back to his mind.

In the end, Sakura was right: He WAS indeed pathethic.

A loser who couldn't even control his own body - and not only that, now he even lost the last bit of dignity inside him.

If things would keep up like this, he could no longer go out.

Too great the risk of having another shameful accident.

Not to mention what would happen if the next time it would happen in an even more public area...like on a busy street in the middle of the day.

What was he supposed to do then ? It wasn't like he could threaten every single inhabitant of the village with death.

So, one thing was indeed certain: If this would happen again, it would be the end.

His end.

Because he didn't wanted to live with such a shame...he would just give up.

The only thing he could do was to avoid any more witnesses of his weak "moments" ...just how long would he be able to keep this up ?

The large wooden doors of the Uchiha Mansion fell shut behind him, he had made the way back and also felt the cold wetness cling to his legs again.

But at least he was tired now. Not a good way of tired though...but hopefully it would let him sleep.

He removed his soaked pants, putting them to the other laundry - the sheets from the previous night, trace of his first accident.

Minutes later and after changing into a new pair of diapers, he fell into his bed and not much later into a deep, dark sleep.

*017*2012-12-29 03:42

The large double doors slammed shut behind him with a bang.

Finally he was home again!

Just one more moment with all the other worhless people out there and he would've gone crazy.

Sasuke leaned against the wall next gate and closed his eyes for a minute - he had to calm down....his temper had made a turn for the worse over the past few days...and if things would keep going in this direction, sooner or later he would snap!

But wasnt that just natural ?

By now it had been two weeks since his *problem* had first occured.

And there was still no solution from Tsunade, nothing to help him with the embarassing Situation.

Actually she hadn't even figured out what the reason behind his bladder problem was - that was simply outrageous!

How long was he supposed to live like that, wearing diapers like a baby!

It was just thanks to his vigilance and cleverness that no-one noticed these yet.

However, sooner or later it would all come out!

And he didn't even wanted to think about the public reaction...

Worst of all was the upcomming Mission tomorrow - even tho Tsunade hadn't managed to come up with a cure yet, appearantly she had no problem with sending him on a multiple days mission, knowing of all the trouble it would mean for him to hide his little secret.

It was one thing if a Mission only lasted one day and he could be sure to come back in the afternoon...but several days outside, travelling with the rest of the team ?

Especially with that just-too-curious Blonde Retard!

Just one careless Moment and it would all be found out.

And one thing for certain: Naruto would definitly spread these News far and wide, using this incredible chance to sully Sasukes reputation.

And in the end, he wouldn't even blame his teammate for a thing like that...wearing diapers, it was simply pathethic.

Nonetheless - he would still do anything to prevent this from happening.

But it was also obvious it would be much harder to keep this secret during a Mission...especially at Night, when they would set up a camp....but was there any use in complaining about the situation ?

He had done this enough already and it hadn't gotten him anywhere.

Sasuke had calmed at last and walked the last few metres up to the entrace of the mansion - he had to change again.

The wetness around his lower body had become quite noticable over the past half hour.

The scariest thing was probably that he didn't even felt *it* happening any more.

It was only due to the wetness that he noticed his leaking bladder.

And that was definitly not helping him in feeling confident!

Basically it seemed like that problem was going even more out of hand and his hope that it would be just a temporary situation was going further down with each day.

Just as he was about to enter the doors of the mansion, something - or rather someone - started knocking in the gate behind him.

He groaned - just in the moment he hoped that he would finally be able to relax.

"Yes yes...I'm coming already..." Sasuke hissed angrilly as he turned around and walked the path back down to the gate.

And he swore to god, if the person wouldn't have a damn good reason for disturbing his peace, he would make THEIR afternoon miserable as well!

He took a moment to come up with the most unsympathetic facial expression before finally opening the door.

"So, who the hell is this ?"

"Just me, Sasuke!"

Naruto tried to smile but as soon he noticed the more than hostile expression on the Uchihas face, his good mood literally blew away like sand in the wind.

Why did he even come here ...?

"I that it's YOU, dobe...now tell me what the hell you want and then get lost!"

Why did he even open the door ? He had been so distracted by his own thoughts that he totally failed to recognize the sound of the Blondes voice.

If only he would've remembered that further, it would've saved him from this situation.

"Kakashi-sensei send me..it is about tomorrows Mission....we will meet even sooner; 6 a.m instead of 8 a.m."

He threw a nasty look at the Uchiha.

"And Sakura won't come with us...appearantly she has been assigned to another Mission..."

Now that was interesting. Since that embarassing encounter that one night, the pink-haired girl had shown a really sudden change of behavior.

While she had used every spare second to hang around him and talk about how awesome he was, now it seemed almost like she was avoiding him

Maybe his threat really impressed her that much ? Anyway, it was good to have her off his back.

"I see...now, is that all or will you waste my time even further ?"

After all, he didn't wanted to waste more time than necessary talking to Naruto.

Especially with that disgusting wet feeling in his crotch!

Luckily he didn't felt any pressure...not to imagine what would happen if he would start leaking here and now...

"Well, since you ask there would be ONE more thing..."

Narutos voice had finally changed from his more or less respectful tone to an aggressive one.

"I wanna know what you did to Sakura! She acts totally strange lately, especially with YOU around...just like she is really scared but also disgusted at the same time! So tell me, what did you do to her ?"

He spat out the last part as an order rather than a question.

"What do you expect me to say now ?"

That Situation was way too similar to the oney they had the week before, with Naruto bringing him the News fom Tsunade that it would take longer before she would have a solution.

"You dont really think that I did something to her, right ?"

And he was STILL wating for that day to come.

Because he was sick of wearing these things! He finally wanted to get back to his old life!

*pss*

"Because if you do, you're even more idiotic than I thought, dobe!"

"I'm NOT an Idiot, Sasuke!"

Naruto growled, clenching his fists.

"You can't fool me...you did something to her! I know how she used to squeal how awesome you are all day. And now she is completly silent and anxious."

The Rage was boiling inside him, how could Sasuke lie to him so directly ?

"What you're trying to do here anyway, trash ?"

An amused smile appeared on his angry face,

"Don't tell me you want to threaten me..."

*psspss*

"Because if you do, you're risking your own health, not mine! Or do you really think you can hurt me in any way ?"

In some strange way this was becoming really funny...

*psssssspsssssps*

...

*ssssspspss*

...one Moment...

*psssssssssssssssssssspsssspspspsss*

...why his diaper felt even wetter all of the sudden ? ....and WARMER ??

*ssssppssppsssspppsspsssppsppsspspssss*

Oh Shit, he wasn't really...was he ?

"Fuck, no!!!"

This was a nightmare! He could feel how the soaking wet material could no longer absorb his urine, how it began to seep through and run down his legs, forming a dark spot on his pants - and he wasn't the only one who saw it.

"Sasuke, you..."

The Blonde paused, staring at the black-haired boy in front of him, his jaw dropping in sheer disbelief.

"...pee your pants ?"

"YES I DO!!! FUCK YOU AND GO AHEAD! GO! LAUGH AT ME, JUST LIKE SAKURA DID! I NO LONGER CARE! I DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT IT, IM DONE WITH IT ALL!"

His voice was hoarse and shaken by his wails.

It finally happened! He peed himself in front of Naruto.

He could just kill himself now and escape all the humiliation to come.

Panically he reached into his pocket - grabbing a kunai, the same one he threatened Sakura with.

However, this time...

Too late he noticed the true intention of the Uchiha.

What a fool he had been!

In the moment Naruto saw the moonlight reflection on the steel blade, he instantly switched to a defensive position, ready to block Sasukes attack with shock-widened eyes.

Even more shocked he was as his opponent pointed the weapon against himself, thrusting it right into his heart.

"Sasuke, NO!!!!"

But it was too late. He could see the blood soaking the Uchihas shirt and the others eyes turning dull and empty, the body collapsing against Naruto.

"W-Wake up...S-Sasuke ?"

His voice was shaking, his mind slowly realizing what happened, just as he felt Sasukes run down his skin.

He was dead.

###

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"

With a painful screm, Naruto shot straight up in his bed, his body all sweaty and trembling from panic, when he suddenly noticed something strange.

"Wait a moment...where am I...OUCH!!!"

"In BED, dobe!"

Sasuke shook his head and sighed.

"Let me guess, another nightmare with ME dying in it, mmh ?"

This was getting out of hand lately, every few nights the same story.

"We need to do something about that, you're aware, right ? Especially..."

The onyx eyes of the Uchiha wandered down his lovers body - yup, just as he expected: all soaked!

"...your little wetting problem, as cute it is, I dont have time to wash these goddamn sheets every day!"

A blush appeared on the Blondes face, the reality was sinking back into him.

"H-hey, it's not EVERY day!" he pouted; "Besides, I dont want to have these dreams, it's like there trying to tell me something!"

"It's just a DREAM, dobe! It won't tell you ANYTHING! People who claim that these have a deeper meaning are just scammers, waiting for naive Idiots to fall for their lies...like you..."

A big yawn interrupted the Uchiha and made him wipe a few strangs from his face.

He still felt so tired, what time was it anyway ?

5 a.m ?

"Damn it...."

It was too soon to get up, but too late to try and get back to sleep.

"You know what, since you woke me up again, you're going to pay for it - turn around!

Narutos eyes widened in disbelief - that look in the Uchihas eyes....

"H-hey, I am the Seme here! D-don't forget that..."

"A seme who wets the bed and blushes like a girl ? I don't think so...now hold still, turn around and stop complaining, dobe...it's your own faul!"

End!

###

Note:

Yea, that ending was rather unexpected and probably not really good.

But I was just out of ideas.

Simply had nothing left for this story and it was almost painful to squeeze something out of my idiotic mind.

So I decided to end it sooner than I planned, so I can say I finished that "Story" and move on to new projects.

I'm still a huge Naruto fan and will probably write some fanfictions again, but I wont try something that large again (originally I planned that to have like ten chapters or even more, before I realized I have nothing to full them with)

My main focus will shift to my OCs tho..at least I dont have to worry about making them act OOC or something, as theyre mine. lol
