Summer with Snape - Page 16

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*375*2012-05-12 07:40

{{: 

This chapter was so cute but it tugged at the heartstrings too. Poor little Harry, I wanted to snuggle him soooo badly! I'm glad Severus realized that he needed to pay more attention to Harry though. I think the weekend away will be good for them ^_^ Also I can't WAIT to see what you have planned for Draco. I love Draco to death for the most part but you're writing is so amazing that I actually get angry! You write him as a such a little snot! xD He cracks me up though, I can't wait till he has some humble pie...

Like always, you're super awesome and I can't wait for more of your story! :D

}}

Yea..it was kinda sad, and so did I. At least him and Sev get to spend a little time together now. Draco...that chapter makes me smile..Since I write in no particualr order I have no clue when that chapter is..But i have already started on it..Well. Im excited about it..its cruel..and Ilove the Slytherin boy myself, but hes a jerk in here. I have no idea whether or not hes gonna come around. Hopefully yes..especially since Harry is so forgiving. and thanks so much for reviewing and Im glad you liked it of course. :)

*376*2012-05-12 20:55

This is chapter where the Professors find out what happened to Harry. Severus still doesnt know yet, but he will I promise.

Chapter 62

While Severus was on the way to his Manor to pack their clothes so they could visit his Mother’s cottage, the teachers at Hogwarts were horrified. Or maybe more importantly a few teachers had found out just what happened that day in the loo with Harry and the Slytherins. The headmaster had called a staff meeting that night, and it was so sudden and so unlike Albus that it had everyone on edge.

Remus for one kept having one flashback every time he thought about. Harry’s attack was so eerily similar to what his friends had done to Severus. He shook his head as he sat at his desk remembering when Theodore knocked on his door.

Flashback

Remus was sitting at his desk grading papers, looking occasionally outside and smiling as he saw the children having fun. He wistfully sighed as he remembered his carefree days of adolescence. He looked up when he heard a knock, and allowed entrance. He was shocked to find Theodore Nott at his door but he easily welcomed him in. Most of the Slytherins in his class didn’t like him for one reason or the other, which is why this was a surprise. He saw that the boy didn’t look so good; if he was being honest the boy looked like he might be sick any moment.

“Mr. Nott, are you feeling alright?” Remus asked in concern.

Theo shook his head and hugged his stomach tighter, as he took a deep breath preparing to explain everything. He had noticed ever since that day in the toilet with Draco and Harry, his stomach had been upset. He didn’t know what it was, but if he had to guess he would say the guilt was literally eating him alive from the inside out.

“I have to tell you something,” Theo replied thickly as he sat down in the chair across the desk.

“Of course,” Remus said before he spelled a few privacy and locking spells around his office. He gestured to the boy to start whenever he was ready.

“A few weeks ago, something happened in the loo.” Theo started softly.

"What happened?” Remus asked, already expecting the worse despite not knowing what the heck had gone on yet.

“Draco wouldn’t let Harry use the toilet and he forced him to wet himself, while we watched on.” Theodore said quickly before hunching his shoulders like he was expecting a blow. He never noticed that he had called Harry by his given name, but he had stopped thinking of him as Potter that day in the loo. Did anyone ever notice that when those green eyes were filled with tears the boy didn’t look at all 13 or was it just him? He had felt protective of the boy ever since, even going as far to focus Draco’s attention on another victim so Harry wouldn’t be so scared all the time.

Everyone knew that Lupin had a soft spot for Harry, but he was the only teacher he felt like he could tell. He couldn’t tell his head of house because it was notorious that Snape hated Harry and anything to do with Harry Potter. He didn’t want to be congratulated over this; he wanted to be punished so he didn’t have to feel this way anymore.

“I see, and did you help Mr. Malfoy hold Harry back?” Remus asked calmly, though inwardly his wolf was fighting to get out and punish the ones who had hurt his cub.

“No sir, I didn’t do anything. I just watched,” Theodore whispered thickly. He shook his head; he didn’t do a damn thing, which was worse when you think about it.

“Then why were you there?” Remus asked quietly.

“Draco said he wanted to tease Harry is all, but it went further than what he said. I tried to get him to lay off of him but I was ignored,” Theodore replied staring at the floor.

“Why didn’t you try harder?” Remus found himself asking, his own stomach was churning the situation much too similar to what the Marauders had done to Severus.

“Draco isn’t someone you want to cross,” Theodore said tearfully, not to mention what his father would do to him just for talking to the man across from him. He sniffled softly as the first of his tears fell, feeling like a coward and lower then dirt.

“I understand Theodore,” Remus replied softly, and he did.

He felt a bit of kinship between him and the boy. When James and Sirius had prevented Severus from using the loo, he didn’t participate. But what he did was much worse; he saw the hurt in Snape’s dark gaze as he said nothing. He shook his head willing the memory away before turning to the boy who he could feel the guilt coming off him in waves.

“What’s going to happen? Harry is really scared now. Draco threatened to tell people,” Theo replied after he had gotten himself under control.

“Harry will be ok, don’t worry about that. And I know for a fact that Mr. Malfoy will hold his tongue. Right now let’s talk about you,” Remus answered, cringing already at the thought of what Severus was going to do when he found out.

“What do you mean?” Theo asked in confusion.

“The guilt is eating you so, and it literally hurts that you’re starting to make yourself sick.” Remus said as he called a house elf, feeling for a moment that he could quite possibly save this child from a life of darkness.

Remus nodded to himself as he shook the memory away, turning to look at Albus who looked miles away, and his usual twinkle was nowhere to be seen. What was this staff meeting about, and where the heck was Severus?

Albus was absently sucking a lemon drop the sweet wasn’t giving him the happiness he always felt when he ate them. At the moment his heart was heavy, why did fate think that Harry constantly had to suffer? He shook his head, feeling like he had failed the child once again. When was Harry every going to catch a break? He sighed softly to himself as he waited for the rest of his Professors to get here.

His mind wandered as he remembered Harry asleep in Severus’s arm after his breakdown and then moved to the boy who had visited him in his office after classes were done for the day. He hadn’t been expecting anyone which was a surprise in itself. What added to this particular guest was that he was in Slytherin house. And it was known all over that Slytherins hated anything to do with Albus Dumbledore. He shook his head allowing himself to get caught in the memory.

Flashback

Albus had been having a conversation with a few of the Headmaster’s from the past when he heard a knock on his door. His blue eyes widened as he saw who the visitor was and he quickly let him in.

“Lemon drop,” Albus asked holding out the glass tin of sweets.

“Thank you Headmaster,” the boy said before taking a sweet and popping it in his mouth.

Albus smiled at that, most of his visitors tended to say no to the tart sweet.

"How can I help your Mr. Zabini?” He asked neutrally.

“I have some information on an incident that happened about a week ago or so that I believe you are unaware of.” Blaise replied formally, as he sucked his treat.

“What is it? Does it involve a student? Is someone hurt?” Albus asked quickly, his happy mood from just a minute ago, changing to a serious one.

"An altercation of sorts and it involved a lion and a snake; and yes someone was hurt. I just want to put this out there, but I didn’t do anything first off.” Blaise said quietly.

“I understand child, just tell me what’s going on?” Albus replied softly.

“A roommate of mine with blonde hair attacked another student on his way to the loo. The student has a scar on his head, and black hair. My roommate prevented the lion from relieving himself and watched and taunted him as the Gryffindor was forced to soil himself.” Blaise said pointedly, knowing that Albus Dumbledore had caught the reference even though he didn’t give names.

Albus’s eyes grew hard knowing very well who had done what. He shook his head, how didn’t any of the teachers know about this.

“You said this student was hurt as well?” Albus asked quietly.

“Yes sir, he was stunned which led to him soiling himself. He was then kicked in the back, and it has been confirmed that a severe bruise had been formed.” Blaize answered properly.

“Why are you telling me of all people Blaize?” Albus said dropping formalities as he looked at the boy across his desk.

“Because it was wrong sir, why would you stop someone from using the loo anyways? Everyone does it right? It’s a natural function isn’t it?” Blaize asked softly unable to keep his formal tone as he answered that question. He had a younger brother at home, what if someone had done it to him?

“People are cruel child,” Albus said softly.

“It’s wrong,” Blaize said again before standing back up and blanking his face to his professional one again.

“Thank you for telling me,” Albus replied after a bit.

“You’re welcome sir, I will see myself out,” Blaize said before turning around.

“

Blaise wait, did you want another lemon drop to take with you?” Albus asked with a small smile.

“But of course Headmaster,” he said allowing a small grin to form when he grabbed the treat. But it was gone the minute he turned around and left the office.

Albus sighed feeling once again like he had failed Harry again. Only this time he was feeling like he had failed the child who just left his office; the one who had been afraid to smile. His Slytherins were just as fragile; Albus hoped that Severus would be able to save them all. He grabbed another lemon drop, knowing it was an old man’s wistfulness to think that. He did hope that Severus could save Blaize in particular that child had so much good in him they had just yet to see it.

Albus sighed as he looked at the door as his remaining staff trickled in.

Minerva was grinning to herself as she had Filch assign Draco the worst cleaning jobs ever. The only bad thing about it, the boy still didn’t know why he was being punished. She shook her head, was their no hope for him at all? She hadn’t seen Harry all day, and something about this meeting told her it was about him.

What had her little lion suffered this time? Didn’t he not just suffer from his attack in the loo? She shook her head remembering why this was still hurting her still, before reasoning it had only been a week. Though she loved all her students, some of them like Harry held a special place in her heart. She gasped in shock as she was forcefully reminded just why this feel so familiar.

Flashback

“Mr. Lupin, what can I help you with dear?” Minerva had asked as she looked over at her student from behind her glasses.

“I did something bad,” he had said quietly.

“What happened Remus?” She asked gently.

“They…he…I just watched,” he mumbled out shamefaced.

“What happened exactly?” She repeated louder this time.

“We, they made this boy wet himself. I didn’t want to, but James and Sirius wouldn’t let him go. I didn’t want them to turn on me Professor. They’re my best friends; if they leave me I won’t have anyone.” Remus said quickly.

“Who was the boy?” Minerva whispered, heart dropping for a moment, already knowing the answer.

“Severus,” Remus said softly.

“Merlin,” she had breathed feeling horrible, knowing there was nothing she could do to stop them from spreading this tale.

Minerva shook her head, wondering for the first time where exactly was Severus. Did he know what had happened? She didn’t want to be around when he found out that’s for sure. Minerva shook her head as Albus started the meeting, sighing softly to herself.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Severus had packed enough clothes for them for the weekend and Harry had stayed asleep. The boy was literally dead weight in his arms, and he shook his head, feeling like the worse father ever. He shook his head and before going outside to shrink the car knowing they would need it to get to the cottage before Apparating away.

*378*2012-05-15 02:32

This chapter was fun to write, to be able to perfect the Snape glare would be awesome. I'm just saying. And I hope this chapter was better then the previous one if the lack of reviews are anything to go by. Oh well, I digress on to the story.

Chapter 63

Severus got everything together and apparated the closest he could towards the cottage. He didn’t want anyone to find his mother’s cottage regardless of it being unplottable. He resized the car and strapped Harry in before getting into the driver’s seat. They still had about a 5 hour drive or so, and since he didn’t wanna waste any time he started the drive towards the house. As he drove the mostly deserted road he thought about Harry and how he had messed up big time before thinking on how he could make it up to the boy. So caught up in his thought he had forgotten to watch Harry for any signs of movement since he didn’t have any more night time underwear.

3 hours into the trip and Harry was shifting around quite a bit as his brain frantically tried to wake him up. He squeezed himself tight trying unconsciously to hold back his water. As a spurt hit his boxers, the warmth woke him up and he was immediately aware of how bad he actually had to go. He groaned softly before carefully sitting up. When did they get into the car? He shook his head that didn’t even matter as his bladder pulsed. He was just about to ask his dad if he could stop somewhere when he saw a sign that said the next rest stop wasn’t for 45 miles. He swallowed his fear at that, already knowing that he couldn’t hold it that long. He was barely holding on now, and he sighed softly unsure what to do.

“Dad can you stop somewhere?” Harry asked in a calm voice; though inside he knew he wasn’t gonna make it the rest stop.

“There really isn’t anywhere for me to stop Harry,” Severus replied absently.

“Oh,” Harry replied quietly as he wiggled on his seat.

“What did you need child?” Severus asked as an afterthought.

“The toilet,” Harry answered with a strained voice, which seemed to jar Snape out of his thoughts as he glanced in the front mirror.

Severus frowned having seen the sign and from the way Harry was holding himself he knew that he would never make it to the stop. He wasn’t sure what to do, but he knew wasting time thinking about it would only lead to his son having wet pants. And after his accident earlier that day he didn’t want his child to have to deal with that embarrassment once again. He looked around before shrugging his shoulder and quickly crossed lanes and pulled over on the hard shoulder.

He knew what he was doing was technically illegal but Harry was desperate and there weren’t any other cars on the road. Plus he was sure he didn’t see any type of Bobbi around. That is until he had turned off the car and saw the flashing lights in the mirror seemingly to appear out of nowhere. He looked back at Harry; he didn’t have time for this at the moment. He could stun the man but if the officer saw him reaching for something, Severus knew he would open fire. And he was well versed in guns to know that he didn’t want to get shot by one.

“Dad what are you doing?” Harry asked quietly as he moved around the backseat, trying to keep everything in.

“Just hang tight for a moment child and let me deal with this muggle,” Severus said quietly as the man walked up to his window.

He rolled the window down, and waited for the man to talk.

“Do you know why I pulled you over sir?” The officer asked as he took out his notepad.

“No sir, why did you?” Severus asked casually as he checked on Harry in the mirror. His poor child’s face was as red as a tomato.

“You crossed the intersection illegally, and then you pulled over here when it clearly states no stopping.” The officer replied.

“I apologize for that officer but we were having a small emergency, in fact we still are.” Severus said before gesturing to Harry to unbuckle his seat belt.

“And that emergency would be?” The officer pressed.

“I pulled over because my son was busting for the toilet.” Severus answered honestly.

“A likely story, what do you take me for? You expect me to believe that? Then where is the child?” The officer asked giving what he thought was a glare. But Severus had seen better ones on his 4th year students.

As he was about to answer the man’s question he heard a sniffle in the backseat. Severus looked back to see Harry bent over at the waist looking like he was trying not to cry. He shook his head before opening his door, startling the officer as he quickly got out.

“Sir, I’m going to ask you to return to your vehicle immediately,” The officer said, trying to put authority in his voice, though he backed up considerably when he saw how tall and intimidating the man was.

“I’m afraid that I can’t do that sir,” Severus replied walking to the back door and opening it as he gestured to Harry to get out.

“You are treading on thin ice sir; I have half a mind to write you another ticket as well. Now I order you to get back into your car,” The officer said angrily.

“You can give me a ticket fine, but at the moment I don’t want to damage my child’s already low self esteem by letting him wet himself, just because an officer was on a power trip.” Severus replied briskly as he ushered Harry by the shoulder to walk on the other side of the car.

Harry didn’t say anything he just walked painfully to the other side of the car and looked up at his father.

“Remember how you wet on the tire that time at the movies? You’re gonna do that again,” Severus said gently, ignoring the officer who was now surveying the scene.

Harry nodded frantically too desperate to even verbally reply. He tried to undo his belt buckles with hurried fingers and he got it undone. But when it came to his buttons he let out a whimper as he fought with them.

“I’ll do it child,” Severus said, knowing magic would’ve been simpler but since they were in the presence of a muggle that was out of the question. He sighed as he quickly got to work.

“Hurry dad, it’s trying to come out,” Harry whimpered out as he continued jumping up and down.

“Be still for a moment child while I get this,” Severus murmured trying to figure out why he bought Harry a pair of trousers with a line of8 buttons in the front. He must not have been thinking clearly, for he wouldn’t have gotten them knowing how much trouble they would be for the boy to get off quickly.

“I can’t its leaking, Dad why can’t you just use…,” Harry trailed off before remembering that muggle by the car already knowing the reason why his father wasn’t using magic.

“Precisely why Harry,” Severus murmured absently as he unbuckled two buttons, before trying to see if the trousers would tug down a bit. They stayed put and he sighed trying to hurry up.

“Hurry,” Harry said frantically again, feeling like he would lose it that very second.

“I am child, I need you to move your hands so I can get the rest of the buttons,” Severus replied quickly.

“If I move them I’ll wet,” Harry replied tearfully.

“See if you can put them in your trousers and hold on there,” Severus said.

Harry nodded before doing just that and crossing his legs for good measure. He felt like his eyes were swimming. Had he ever had to go to the bathroom this bad before? He didn’t know all he knew was that his father better hurry up before he exploded.

“There, I got it, you can go child,” Severus replied with a sigh of relief before pulling the awful trousers down and setting Harry in position by the car.

“Thanks,” Harry replied gratefully as he lifted himself out of his boxers and started watering the tire.

Severus stood up to find the man taking in the whole scene, having had that scare with a man trying to attack Harry in the loo; he was on edge for the moment.

“That is illegal for him to pee on the side of the road sir, that’ll be another ticket.” The officer said loudly and rather pompously as he wrote on his notepad again.

“Dad, I’m breaking the law?” Harry asked in a horrified tone, before grimacing as he tried to stop his stream.

“No Harry, you are not breaking the law. Don’t try to stop it, apparently I am the one breaking the law,” Severus said in a patient tone only reserved for Harry.

Severus shook his head as he headed over towards the officer trying to wonder why he was still watching Harry wet.

“Is there something fascinating about watching my son relieve himself?” Severus asked in a dangerous voice with narrowed eyes. He moved to stand in front of the man, ultimately blocking his view from Harry.

“No sir, I was merely making sure everything was alright,” the officer stammered out, having never been on the end of a dark stare like that one, he literally felt chills go through his entire body.

“Everything is fine as you can see; you were in the process of giving me a ticket or two?” Severus stated with a dangerously low voice, as he crossed his arms.

“Actually sir, I wasn’t. There seems to be a misunderstanding here, “the officer replied ripping up the tickets hastily before nearly running back to his patrol car.

“Well thank you,” Severus said politely as the man, quite fearfully got into his vehicle and drove off.

Severus leaned against the car and waited for Harry to finish up. About a minute and 30 seconds later Harry was finished and in the process of pulling up his trousers.

“Take them off Harry,” Severus said as watched Harry step over his puddle.

“Why, what will I wear?” Harry asked softly.

“I didn’t realize that I had bought you trousers that were difficult to take off in a hurry.” Severus explained pointing to the buttons.

“Oh, ok,” Harry replied tiredly not really caring. They were gonna be in the car anyways.

Severus lifted him up and tugged the trousers off of him before walking over to the car and setting Harry back in the back seat. He buckled him up and situated him into a comfortable laying position knowing that he was going to fall asleep again anyways. Closing the door he got into his own seat tossing the trousers into the passenger seat and restarting the car and driving off.

*381*2012-05-16 05:35

{{: 

Hahaha, he scared the cop. I know

I wanna do the Snape Glare as well..this chapter was sweet and funny, consudering the heavy ones we've been having. it was great as usual Sev

}}

I know right... :D

{{: 

It was a great chapter!! Stupid cop, I'm glad Snape gave him the glare lol.

}}

Lol...Thanks, and yea :)

*384*2012-05-17 05:33

*This chapter has some Severus angst that is all. And if you’re a James and Sirius Fan; this chapter is totally not for you lol*

Chapter 64

Harry woke up to complete darkness and he whimpered before pulling the covers over his head, which while it made it darker also made him feel a bit more safer. Where the heck was he? He deduced that he was in a bed, but the real question was how did he get here and where did Snape go? He was still tired and he way too comfortable to get out of bed to look for his dad. Harry sighed softly as he drifted off back to sleep.

“NOOOOOOOOOOO!”

Severus bolted up from his bed, wand in hand as the shriek pierced the air. He ran quickly towards Harry’s room to find him fighting with the blankets while he still seemed to be sleep. He quickly turned on the lights and started untangling the covers while waking Harry up.

“Let me go, please let me go!” Harry pleaded still asleep as he fought with his blankets.

“Harry wake up for me child, it’s on a nightmare. You’re safe here with daddy, no one can get you.” Severus soothed softly as he woke his child up.

Severus frowned when he felt the wet sheets, reminding him that Harry had said he was out of nighttime underwear. He sighed softly before just pulling them off of the bed and throwing a cleansing charm at the bed and his child.

“Daddy, you came this time,” Harry mumbled tearfully still half asleep.

“I will always come when you need me Harry,” Severus replied honestly.

“You didn’t come once,” Harry murmured as he corrected him.

“When was that Harry?” Severus asked quietly, in confusion.

“That day in the loo when the Slytherins made me wet my trousers, you never came for me daddy.” Harry said sniffling softly, having been the nightmare he just had.

“And when did that incident happen Harry?” Severus asked tensely.

“About a week ago,” He replied curling up in his father’s lap.

“How did they make you have an accident?” Severus asked quietly.

“They stunned me and I wet myself on the toilet floor,” Harry said head bending down in shame as he remembered.

“Not your fault child,” Severus said taking his fingers and lifting Harry’s chin back up.

“Did they hurt you at all?” He couldn’t help asking.

Harry nodded, not wanting to tell his father about the bruise on his back that was slowly healing. Though according to Ron who said it looked like it was getting worse every time he saw it.

“Where are you hurt?” He asked gently.

“My back, I got kicked,” Harry whimpered softly.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” Severus asked the guilt returning full force.

“You were busy; I didn’t want to be a bother.” Harry replied drowsily.

“You will never be a bother child. Which of my Slytherins did it?” Severus asked cautiously.

“I’m not supposed to say, he said if I told he would tell the whole school about my accident. Harry said yawning.

“I can see I’ll be adding blackmail to the list, don’t worry about that child. He can’t hurt you again, now who was it?” Severus asked trying to keep his tone gentle, though inside he was burning with almost uncontrollable anger.

“Malfoy and his goons, Nott was there too. Though I don’t know why he helped me,” Harry said opening one eye to glance at his father.

“Who helped you now Harry?” Severus asked softly.

“Nott, he released the spell that had me stunned. And he said what Draco did wasn’t ok, so I shouldn’t think that it was.” Harry answered. Even now he still couldn’t believe that the Slytherin had helped him.

“I see, wont you go back to sleep Harry?” Severus asked, not sure how long he could hold his temper at the moment. He didn’t want to scare Harry especially when he needed his rest.

“M’kay daddy,” Harry said as he closed his eyes for a moment before squirming.

“Do you need the toilet Harry?” Severus asked ready to stand up and take him to the loo.

“No I’m sleepy,” Harry replied softly as he shook his head sluggishly, eyes still closed. About 10 minutes later he fell asleep in his father’s arms, once again not knowing where they were.

Severus laid Harry down and tucked him in before glancing at the clock. It read 6:00am and he was no longer tired. Deeming this an acceptable time to floo someone he headed downstairs towards the fireplace. He was seething with rage on the inside, this was going too far. How dare his Slytherins do something like that to his child? He shook his head angrily as he held the canister of floo powder in his hand. His grip tightened as his barriers slipped in his mind for just a moment. But it was enough to let a memory get through, one that he preferred to hide forever.

Flashback

He was in his 4th year and he had just finished working on a potion and it was 100% correct. He had been excited because it was a potion that you were required to know when you were taking your potion’s mastery test. He had allowed a small grin to grace his face; he couldn’t wait to tell Lily. He was heading for their special tree outside when he felt an urge in his lower stomach.

Having been working on the potion for the last 4 hours he hadn’t noticed that all of the water he had drunk now wanted to come out. It was annoying and becoming borderline desperate the more he thought about it. He didn’t wanna have to worry about it when he was with Lily so he decided to stop into the first loo he passed. As he neared the great hall he popped into the loo just around the corner from it and froze when he got in it.

The marauders were there; all of them. Potter was leaning on the wall where Pettigrew was washing his hands and he could see Black finishing up at a urinal whereas Lupin was walking towards a stall. They all stopped what they were doing and Severus found himself frozen by the door. His brain was urging him to get the hell out of there but his bladder wouldn’t be disobeyed. He didn’t know what to do not that it matter, for the choice was taken away from him at that moment when his bladder pulsed.

“We’ll look who we have here,” Sirius said with a taunt.

“Are you lost Snape?” James asked carelessly.

Severus kept his head down before making his way to the urinal but at the last second he changed his mind and turned towards a stall. He felt like he would be safer if there was a door between them and him while he did his business.

“I’m talking to you Snape,” James said as he got off from the wall.

“I’m just here to use the toilet,” he replied not wanting a fight. He was outnumbered and didn’t feel like fighting today.

“This is Gryffindor territory so I’m afraid you can’t use the loo here.” Sirius said grinning evilly.

Severus didn’t say anything, what was there to say? He had used this loo multiple times; this was basically a neutral toilet seeing how close it was to the Great Hall. His bladder prodded him a bit forcefully and he winced before shaking his head. He continued walking towards the stall.

“Oy Snape you deaf, didn’t you hear what I just said?” Sirius said making his way towards the Slytherin yanking the back of his robes.

“What the bloody hell are you doing Black?” Severus asked angrily, just barely able to regain his footing. His bladder didn’t like this treatment and though he tried not to show how bad he had to go, he was unable to keep his leg completely still.

“Ooh, looks like Snape has to pee, who knew the greasy git was actually human?” Sirius said to James who was chuckling along as well as Peter.

Remus was still inside the stall taking care of business but he could hear what was going on just fine. He shook his head, wondering why they didn’t just let Severus go. If he needed the loo that was no reason to tease him right?

Severus yanked his arm free before trying to walk into the stall that was closest to him, when he felt himself get pulled away.

“Stop it!” He yelled as he shuffled from foot to foot.

“You’re obviously not welcomed here, so why haven’t you left yet?” James asked with a smirk.

To tell you the truth, Severus was wondering the same thing. That is until he felt a few drops leak into his boxers and he grimaced. He knew that if he went to another toilet that he was gonna wet himself before he even got there. He had no choice but to use this one.

“Just let me use the toilet, and I’ll be gone as quick as I can,” Severus said quietly as he crossed his legs hoping they came off as casual.

No such luck Sirius grinned as he looked at his friends.

“Does wittle Snapey need to go peepee?” Sirius mocked.

Severus blushed but didn’t say anything. Why were they teasing him for having to go? Hadn’t the other boy just gotten done using the toilet?

“I need the toilet, please move,” Severus said again as his bladder contracted and against his will he was forced to hold himself tight or wet himself. He danced frantically in place trying to keep his liquid in.

“I don’t think I will, can’t you see all the stalls are occupied.” James said grinning as they looked at the empty stalls.

Severus looked at the row of open stalls, only one was technically in use and that was because Lupin was in there. He shook his head as he gave himself another quick squeeze.

“Move now,” He said quietly.

“Or you’ll what?” Sirius taunted.

“I have to pee damn it!” Severus yelled frustratingly as he lost a spurt in his boxers. He automatically looked down wanting to know if it was noticeable. He sighed in relief when he saw that it wasn’t.

“I would watch your tone if I were you Snivellous,” James said frowning.

“Fuck you Potter,” Severus said as he narrowed his eyes.

That action only seemed to fan the flames so to speak and before he knew it Black had gotten even more ruthless. At the moment both his arms were being held by Pettigrew and Potter while Black looked at him cruelly. He was dancing in place trying to keep it all in, when he heard the stall door open. He looked at Lupin who was looking at the whole scene in shock, gaze going from his friends and back to Severus. The moment he made eye contact with the other boy near the stall he got punched in the gut. He gasped loudly and he was released.

As he hit the floor he struggled to catch his breath he was aware of two things. One they were laughing at him which wasn’t anything new, and secondly his trousers were warm. Why were they warm? When Black had punched him he had aimed at Severus’s bladder on purpose. The result was since it was much to full and couldn’t hold anymore against the sudden pressure. His bladder had released itself without Severus’s permission. He sat on the floor gasping on air as the puddle around him got bigger.

“Oh Merlin, I can’t believe he actually pissed himself,” James said laughing.

“Guess you really did have to go huh Snape? Someone needs to be put back in nappies, he couldn’t even hold it.” Sirius scoffed, before he laughed himself.

Severus didn’t look at anyone as he finished his wet, he didn’t cry and he didn’t say anything as he slowly stood up. He was strong and he wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of seeing how much that hurt him. He ignored the boys who had dumped his things out of his bag and they got wet with his pee.

He shoved it all back into his pack and stood back up and made his way towards the door. He knew a cleaning spell and he would do it when he got away from these pricks. As he opened the door he found himself turning his head towards the boy by the stall who was looking at him in sadness.

“Coward,” he whispered before exiting the toilet.

Severus didn’t know until later that Remus had heard the word plain as day and it didn’t even matter. All he cared about at that moment was that Lupin did nothing but stood back and watched it happen and everyone knew that was worse than doing it.

A thud was heard from the left of him and the canister in his hand dropped to the floor. Severus eye’s shot open before pointing his wand at the source of the noise only to find Harry getting up off the ground his eyes going from embarrassment to fear filled eyes. Severus glared at Harry for a moment, not seeing the child but seeing James’s Potter’s mocking face. His lips twisted into a sneer and his eyes narrowed.

Harry was looking at Snape with a frightful expression, if had to pee he knew for a doubt he would have already wet himself at that moment. He was frozen in fear, and he finally closed his eyes unable to keep looking into the angry dark eyes.

“Daddy you’re scaring me,” he whispered tearfully, as he tried to swallow the lump in his throat.

Severus blinked and snapped out it, and noticed his trembling child a few feet away from him. He shook his head; thanking Merlin he hadn’t done anything stupid. He would never forgive himself if he hurt Lily’s child.

“Sorry child, you can open your eyes I’m not angry anymore,” Severus replied gently as he put his wand away.

Harry didn’t say anything, though he did open his eyes one by one. A part of him wanted to run upstairs and hide under his bed, but another part of him was wondering if it would be ok to go sit by Snape. But it was 7:30am and years of getting up early assured him that he couldn’t sleep, not that it mattered as the sun was coming up anyways. Not to mention his bed was wet and he was kinda hungry. He was scared at the moment; he didn’t like the way Snape had looked at him when he pointed his wand at him.

“Come here Harry,” Severus said quietly.

“Are you sure?” Harry whispered not moving from his spot.

“I’m sure. I’m not going to hurt you child,” Severus said gently.

Harry nodded to himself before making his way towards the man. He stiffened when he was gently pulled towards him. He stood stock still as Snape placed him in front of him. He stared at Snape for a moment. Fearful emerald eyes gazed into worried obsidian eyes with a touch of sadness. He could see the worry lines on Snape’s forehead and he gently tried to brush them away.

“Don’t be sad Daddy,” he mumbled as he laid his head on his chest.

“I’ll try not to be Harry,” Severus replied honestly as he hugged him close.

Harry nodded from where he was and was about to ask why Snape was sad in the first place when his stomach decided it was done being patient and it growled loudly. Harry blushed as Snape laughed, but he welcomed the sound nonetheless.

“Are you hungry child?” Severus asked as he stood up before reaching down and picking Harry up.

“I’m starving.” Harry replied happily as they headed into the kitchen.

As Severus made breakfast he couldn’t help but wonder what James Potter would think about what had happened to his son if he had been alive. In a way it was karma, but Severus wouldn’t wish that on anyone, especially not his Harry. He shook his head, Malfoy was getting it, and until he found out just exactly how Theodore ‘helped’ he was gonna get it too.

*387*2012-05-19 14:49

I was gonna pologize for this taking too long, but I'm still within my time frames, no warnings for this one.

Chapter 65

“What are we going to do today?” Harry asked as he took a bite of his waffle as they ate breakfast.

Harry didn’t care what they did, and he didn’t ask why they were at this cottage and not at school. Yesterday was kind of a blur to him, one minute he was crying in his dad’s office and then he was peeing on the side of the road. Did that really happen? He shrugged not really caring as he grinned at his father.

This was the most time he had spent with him since the summer and he had missed it.

“Well did you have anything that you wanted to do; that we didn’t do over the summer?” Severus asked casually.

“Could we go on one of those travel boats in London?” Harry asked excitedly, remembering the day when his class went on the fieldtrip. Dudley had been sick that day and his Aunt had allowed him to go, it was wicked.

“We can do that, just let me go call and reserve two spots for us,” Severus said knowing exactly what Harry was talking about.

As he called the speedboat company, getting information for when and where and how long the ride actually was he was all set. Severus figured since the tour was only for an hour, Harry and he could just spend the day in muggle London sightseeing. He walked back to the kitchen and finished his breakfast before telling Harry to go get dressed. After cleaning up the kitchen he went and did the same.

45 minutes later Harry was dressed and ready to go, he had his coat and his boots and he was excited. That is until Snape told him they would be Apparating to the Leaky Cauldron.

“Why can’t we drive?” Harry asked curiously as he watched Snape shrink the car.

“Because it would take too long,” Severus said simply before grabbing the small backpack by the door and crooking his finger for Harry to come closer. He hugged the boy closed before they disappeared with a small pop.

Harry opened his eyes when Snape gently prodded him and he was shocked to learn that he didn’t feel sick that time. He grinned as Snape told him he had taken the brunt of it since Harry had been hugging him. He smiled as they walked a few blocks away from the Leaky Cauldron where Snape unshrink the car. Harry piled in the back and they set off. Harry sighed as he realized he had forgotten his game boy. The 2 hour drive to the pier was going to suck.

“What’s the matter Harry?” Severus asked hearing the sigh.

“I forgot my game, and now I’m gonna be bored,” Harry replied softly.

“I brought it child, check in the bag on the seat next to you,” Severus replied easily as he shook his head.

Harry’s eyes widen as he opened the bag. Bypassing the change of clothes he smiled when he saw it at the bottom of the bag.

“Thanks dad, you’re the best,” Harry replied happily as he turned on his game.

Severus smiled at the praise before turning on the radio. Thanks to the lack of traffic they made fairly good timing. Severus found a park before turning around to tell Harry to turn off his game.

“Do I put it back in the bag?” Harry asked as he closed the case.

“No, leave it in the boot it might get wet,” Severus replied as they got out of the car.

As Harry stretched he was aware of the slight pressure in his lower abdomen but it wasn’t anything he was worried about. He looked around as Snape made sure he had everything before locking the car and heading over toward the pier. He saw a sign that said London Rib Voyages and he grinned, knowing that this was it. He was so excited his bladder having taken a backseat for the moment.

Severus signed the waivers for both him and Harry and they both go suited for lifejackets. Uncomfortable things they were, but he knew that they were necessary. He made sure Harry’s was tight as possible as they listened to their captains explain the rules. He was happy to note that he had brought two water bottles for him and Harry after the man had told them that it tended to get hot and water was recommended. Soon everyone was starting to pile onto the boat, and Severus made sure Harry had an inside seat and that he next to him and strapped in tight. After everyone was checked the tour began.

“Don’t forget to drink this Harry,” Severus told him as he handed him his water bottle.

“I won’t dad, thanks,” Harry replied as the boat took off into the water.

Harry whooped and grinned along with the other kids on the boat as the wind blew their hair and hats back and he loved every minute of it. The screams and the wind were starting to make his mouth dry and he happily gulped his still cold water. Throughout that hour he finished his bottle and when the ride was over he couldn’t be happier. He hugged Snape the minute they got off the boat.

“Thank you, thank you, thank you dad,” Harry replied gratefully.

“You are welcome child.” Severus said with a grin of his own as they headed back to the car.

Severus figured they could do some sightseeing in the car, and an hour from now they would take the double decker bus back at the pier that had also given tours. He wanted to Harry to get an education of not just magical history, but also muggle history. After all Lily was a muggleborn, and this was her world before she knew she was magical. Severus bought a small lunch of fish and chips and they ate it in the car as they toured.

Harry was ecstatic as they got inside the car. As he buckled the seatbelt, he squirmed a bit noticing how the belt was pressing into his pretty full bladder. He didn’t say anything because he figured they would go to a place that had toilets and he could use it there. He swung his legs as his dad drove, looking out the window as Snape pointed out things. The mood inside the car was comfortable but Harry’s curiosity about why they were here and not at school had come back. Since Snape hadn’t pointed anything out yet, Harry took advantage of the silence.

“Dad, how come we’re not at Hogwarts?” Harry asked curiously.

“Because Albus has decided that you needed a break,” Severus replied carefully.

“Was it because I cried in your office?” Harry asked quietly.

“It was more than that child. While we’re on the subject, did you think I was ignoring you?” Severus couldn’t help but ask.

“Yes sir, every time I tried to talk to you, there were always people around. But on the days where you were alone, you always had a lot of paper in front of you.” Harry answered softly, as he looked at his lap. The feeling of abandonment had come back.

“I see, I never meant for you to feel like that child. Why didn’t you come by our chambers?” Severus asked softly.

“I did a few time but you were never there. Salazar said that you were in your lab, I didn’t wanna bother you.” Harry responded, trying to swallow the lump that had appeared in his throat.

“You wouldn’t have bothered me child, I’m your father first. You can come speak to me at anytime,” Severus replied before deciding to park so he could talk to Harry face to face.

Harry nodded but he didn’t say anything in reply that. His arms unconsciously went around his middle as he tried to comfort himself. Snape had said something similar in the summer, but when they went to school it changed. Harry sniffled softly; knowing that after this weekend Snape was going to go back to being too busy for Harry.

Severus was in the process of turning off the car when he heard the sniffle. He turned around to see Harry’s lower lip trembling. He sighed softly, wondering what set this off. Hadn’t he just told the child he could come to him at any time?

“Harry what’s the matter?” Severus asked gently.

“What’s gonna happen when we go back to school?” Harry asked chest heaving as he tried to keep from crying. He was gonna be strong, he knew he could do it. He had been alone long before Snape, and though it hurt he knew he could get along without him.

“What do you mean?” Severus asked.

“Are you gonna be the same again?” Harry asked, swiping the back of his hand angrily across his eyes.

“No, I won’t. Come and sit up here with me,” Severus said quietly.

Harry unbuckled his seatbelt and was climbing over the seat when Snape grabbed him. He didn’t struggle as the man situated him in his lap and held him. Harry swallowed again and blinked his eyes rapidly trying to keep the tears at bay.

“Remember how I told you that it’s ok to cry?” Severus whispered, as he looked at the boy trying to keep his tears back.

“I don’t wanna cry today,” Harry mumbled piteously.

“I know you don’t child, don’t fight it,” Severus murmured.

Harry nodded that he understood before turning his head into the man’s chest. The smell of potions brought back the memories he had just made that past summer. How many times had he fallen asleep on the man, and woken up in his own bed? What about when Snape cared for him when he was sick? He missed those days, and though he tried to hold them back, he ended up crying his frustration out into his father’s shirt. Not sure at all how long he cried, and he didn’t care. Slowly his hysterical sobs turned into normal tears before they were finally hiccups. He closed his eyes for a moment, and fell asleep.

Severus sighed softly when Harry had relaxed against him, knowing that the boy had needed that. Hopefully their relationship could be restored back to where it was because right now his child was hurt. The horrible thing about it was he was the one to blame and all because he had forgotten he wasn’t alone anymore. He sighed before reaching over and setting Harry in the passenger seat and buckling him up, before he reclined the seat back.

They could do the bus tour later or another time, at the moment Harry was resting. Severus pulled out the parking space and just drove around town, not really looking at anything just thinking. After driving around for about an hour and a half he passed a store and was reminded that he needed to buy Harry his nighttime underwear. He glanced over at the child, sighing in relief when he appeared to be dry and wasn’t moving around so much. He pulled into the store parking lot and parked before turning off the car and leaning over to shake Harry awake.

“It’s time to wake up Harry,” Severus said softly as he gently shook the boy awake.

Harry was sleeping awesome, having not slept well in a while he groaned when he felt someone prodding him awake. Why couldn’t he sleep more? He opened his sleepy eyes to gaze at the man in question. What was going on?

“Remember you needed to get some more nighttime underwear? I’m unsure of which ones you liked,” Severus replied, before Harry could voice his question.

“The ones that look like boxers,” Harry replied tiredly even as he unbuckled his seat and sat up. He rubbed his eyes to get the sleep out before opening the door.

As the cool air hit he face, he woke up a bit more and waited for Snape to lock the door as they made their way inside the store. Harry noticed with dread that the more he walked the more aware he became of his bladder. He remembered he had to go even before he fell asleep, and since he woke up dry he had to go even more. His bladder was full, and he had to go really bad. He bit his lip and didn’t say anything, wanting to hurry up and get this shopping trip out the way.

He followed Snape towards the aisle, blushing a bit when a lady smiled at him. He looked at the ground and nearly bumped into his dad who had stopped.

“Which ones did you want again Harry?” Severus asked as he looked over the brand and different types.

“The ones with the blue boxers,” Harry replied as he moved from one leg to the other.

“Hmm, I don’t see them,” Severus mumbled to himself as he scanned the shelves.

“The package said they were called goodnights,” Harry replied as he rocked his hips and paced the floor.

“Mhm, oh I see the brand,” Severus murmured.

Harry didn’t say anything, only bending over at the waist as he pressure became too intense in a matter of seconds. He made a face before jamming his hand into his crotch, figuring he’d better speak up.

“Dad, I gotta gotta use the toilet,” Harry said quickly.

“Wait just a moment Harry; I’ll take you as soon as we’re done here.” Severus replied, his gaze not leaving the shelves. He sighed softly before finding the correct kind and size, before buying 3 packs.

Harry chewed the inside of his lip, sighing in relief when Snape found them. He bounced on both feet as he waited for his father to start heading towards the checkout line. As they walked towards the front, his heart sank as he saw how long the actual line was. Now that they were near a lot of people, Harry made himself release his hold on himself and regretted it as soon as he did.

He stopped in an instant and bent at the waist, this time both hand squeezing himself as he squirted uncontrollably for a moment. His face turned red as he heard a little boy a few spaces away speak quite loudly to his mum.

“Mummy, why does that boy look like he has to go potty really bad?” The little 5 year old said.

“That’s because he does honey,” his mother replied before walking over towards Snape who seemed to be lost in thought.

Severus was standing in line deep in thought. He was still angry at his Slytherins for doing that to Harry and he would show them his displeasure when he got back. At the moment he was thinking of all the ways where he could punish the brats for making Harry feel so ashamed. Why did people feel the need to make others suffer from humiliation? What were they hoping to gain from that? For the first time ever, Severus didn’t notice that the child next to him wasn’t doing ok. If he had of been paying attention he would have realized the problem immediately.

Harry at this point was doing a major potty dance in the middle of the store where they stood in line. His predicament was obvious to those around him, and many wondered why he didn’t go. The answer was simply he had no idea where the toilets were even located in the store. His face was a deep shade of red and his face was squished up in agony, as he bounced around trying to hold everything in.

“Excuse me sir,” the mother of the 5 year said as she tapped Snape on the shoulder.

“Yes miss?” Severus asked politely as he turned to face her.

“Your son needs the toilet, quite urgently I might add.” She said quickly, jerking her head to the side so he could turn around.

Severus’s eyes widen comically for a second as he took in Harry, trying with all his might trying not to wet himself. He had heard the boy ask but he didn’t think that he had to go that bad.

“Thank you so much, Harry come on,” Severus replied to her absently as he stepped out of line.

Harry looked up at Snape and nodded before walking as fast as he could towards his father. He didn’t say anything as Snape led him towards the back of the store. They were in the middle of a random aisle when Harry doubled over as his bladder jerked painfully. He trembled as his bladder jolted again, and he felt warmth on his crotch, and felt it dripping down his legs. He squeezed himself tighter, holding it in a death grip trying to ignore the wetness on his hands.

“Dad, I don’t think I’m gonna make it,” Harry whimpered out pitifully.

“Just hold on Harry, did you want me to carry you?” Severus asked already making his way over to him.

“No I don’t wanna risk and wet on you again,” Harry said shaking his head back and forth in the negative.

“Well I’m gonna risk it, just close your eyes, and we’ll be there before you know it.” Severus said as he lifted the child up and immediately lengthened his stride so he would get to the toilets quicker. Severus shouldered the door opened and walked into a stall locking it the moment they were in it. Placing Harry on his feet and in front of the toilet he banished away the buckles on his trousers. He was rewarded when they slipped down to his ankles.

Harry opened his eyes when he felt his trouser slide off and he eagerly took himself out of his wet boxers and aimed at the toilet bowl. He forced himself to relax as it was coming out in small spurts, and soon the sound of his water hitting the toilet water filled the empty loo. He sighed, as he went rubbing his sore stomach, not liking the feeling at all.

“I’m sorry child; I didn’t realize you had to go this bad.” Severus said apologetically.

Harry didn’t say anything, instead keeping his eye on the bowl as he finished up. When he was done he popped himself back into his wet boxers and flush. He grimaced as he pulled up his wet pants. He turned towards Snape but didn’t speak, at the moment he was so humiliated. All those people in line had seen him holding himself and dancing about as if he was a little kid. He glared at the floor, ignoring the wet patch going from his crotch to his left knee on his trousers.

Severus allowed the silence for the moment, as he spelled Harry clean and dry. Waving his wand one more time he returned the belt and buckles to where they once were. He opened the stall and allowed the boy to wash his hands. As the boy started towards the door without him Severus decided that he had enough of the silent treatment.

“Where are you going Harry?” Severus asked casually.

Harry looked up at his father with his emerald green eyes, which showed frustration, anger and hurt in them. He shook his head before turning his eyes on the ground. Harry frowned before turning back around and heading for the door. The sooner they left this store the better; he never wanted to see those people ever again.

“I asked you a question Mr. Potter. You would do well to answer me, unless you want the plans for the rest of the day to be canceled and we’ll head back to the cottage.” Severus replied in a quiet voice, he usually used in his classroom.

Harry stared defiantly back at the man but he didn’t say anything. In all honesty, he wasn’t feeling up to anything at that moment. He just wanted to go lie on his bed and be by himself for a while. Snape had been ignoring him while it was just the two of them, the talk that they had earlier was void. What was he thinking about so hard that he didn’t notice Harry about to have an accident?

“Fine, we’re done here, after we get your underwear we are going back to the cottage. I don’t have time for your attitude today Potter,” Severus said voice taking on an annoyed tone as he walked towards the door.

Harry still didn’t say anything as they walked outside and back towards the checkout line. He put his hands in his pocket and kept his gaze to the ground. His ears and his face were a bright red; he was so ashamed of himself. He breathed a sigh of relief as Snape paid for the items and they headed back to the car. As Snape opened the door, Harry walked towards the back not wanting to sit up front with the man, but apparently his teacher had other ideas.

“Get in the front Harry, that wasn’t a request,” Severus told him as he placed the bags behind the seat and got in.

Harry sighed loudly before opening his door and getting in. Though he was mad at the man he knew his limits and he didn’t slam the door. He buckled his seatbelt and turned towards the window, before reaching in the back to get his game.

“Put it down Harry,” Severus said as he headed for the roadway.

Harry turned to look at the man, what was he supposed to do now? They had about a 2 hour drive back to the cottage. He sighed softly as he set the game on the floor by his feet before finally turning his body towards his door. He stared at the door hard, wishing he was anywhere but where he was. He hated Snape so much right now.

“Are you done sulking?” Severus asked about 20 minutes later.

“I wanna go to sleep,” Harry whispered softly, figuring that was the safest thing he could say to the man without getting in trouble.

“Grab the underwear and put it on, should have made you put one on back in the store.” Severus mused.

Harry reached into the backseat to grab a pull up. He wasn’t at all self conscious he was just hurt and mad at the man. At the moment Harry was holding a grudge, and from how he was feeling he felt he could hold for a long, long time. After all he learned from the best. Sliding his pants and boxers off he slipped it on before redressing. He sighed trying to make himself comfortable in the seat, wishing he was in the backseat. He didn’t voice it, not wanting to talk to Snape at all. He turned over and closed his eyes, lightly dozing the entire way to the Leaky Cauldron so he didn’t have to speak.

*396*2012-05-24 15:46

{{: 

I love that Snape and Harry are away together on a little weekend vacation! Hogwarts is a great way to bring some new situations to the story, but I just can't help but melt whenever the two of them are alone together--you've made their relationship just so adorable! Can't wait for the next update :)

}}

{{: 

No one can stand the Snape stare, especially a muggle cop. Really like the chapter, can't wait for the next one:)

}}

I know I love Sev and Harry interaction myself, and I figured they were due for a break. I'm glad you guys liked it, and yes I totally agree his glare is impressive and scary for wizards so of course the muggle cop stood no chance lol

{{: 

I don't see why you need to apologize for, whether you run late or not. I'm just glad you write this at all, this is an amazing story and I honestly love it. You are a really gifted writer and shouldn't try to fit into some sort of schedule. That being said I also really appreciate your speedy posts.

}}

{{: 

I loved this chapter, I love every chapter, I love your writing. :) I honestly can't say I've seen a story of Harry Potter this long, especially with omorashi in it. You have come up with so many wonderful ideas for this story, it's brilliant, really. I love your Harry, I love your Snape, I love the way you potray almost every character. As always, I look forward to the next chapter, whether I have to wait 3 days, or 3 weeks, I don't care. Its your (totally awesome) story, an you can update whenever you want. But, honestly, you update a lot more than most people do! :D again, I am eagerly awaiting the next chapter!

}}

{{: 

Aw poor Harry. I really love reading about Snape and Harry together, and you always manage to keep things interesting, even though you've been writing this story for so long! I'm so interested to see how Snape is going to deal with stubborn-Harry, and I think its great that even though you've done a great job establishing a good father/son relationship between them, you manage to come up with very realistic situations that cause them trouble every once in a while. Harry and Snape are both so damn cute when they're being stubborn! Looking forward to the next chapter :)

}}

Thanks guys, and I just dont wanna be the person who forgets her story... and leaves you guys hanging....beside this story is a great stress reliever. Anyways Im glad you guys like it and I'm glad theres no real rush to update

{{: 

Ooooh! Oh man I can't WAIT for the next chapter!!! This was amazing!!!! I could totally feel the rage coming off Severus when Harry told him about Malfoy. I literally was afraid there for a second, excellent writing! Thanks for keeping this going so long, you rock! :D

Severus isnt happy with him, lol I was a bit frightened myself when I wrote it. Since he has such a temper lol

}}

{{: 

That was a nice chapter! I liked the part about Snape!

I also wonder if Harry is going to find out what his real father did to his Snape. Would make quite an interesting scene.

Alright, that's it for now, because I really have to pee!

}}

I figured you would like it lol, That would be interesting...I think I might work that into here...I'll think on it lol Glad you like it :D

{{: 

Its cool you can keep the story going for so long! Hope there's lots more to come, I really like your Harry and Snape! Keep it up, and hope there's an update soon. :]

}}

{{: 

Anytime there is an update is happy time for me. Thank you for sharing your excellent story with us!

}}

{{: 

Hehe, Snape and Harry being stubborn is amazing. I really liked this chapter! Can't wait for the next part. :)

}}

{{: 

Poor Harry :( I hope things turn out well with him and Severus, but i'm sure they will! :D Great chapters, really enjoyed them yet again! :D

}}

Thanks so much guys, I'm having a blast writin it and you guys are awesome for being so geat when it comes to updting..That could be why I tend to update faster.

*398*2012-05-24 15:57

Hey guys, hope you like one, and yea enjoy and all that.

Chapter 66

Harry knew they had arrived because he heard the car stop and turn off. He sighed softly before opening his tired eyes a bit realizing they were in London. He didn’t wanna stand up and walk, let alone talk to the man so he closed his eyes and relaxed again as if he was still sleep. He was rewarded when Snape unbuckled the seatbelt and picked him up before laying his head on his shoulder.

Harry stayed quiet as Snape shrunk the car and apparated on the spot. He opened his eye slowly to note that they were standing in front of the cottage. As Snape and headed towards the house, placing his hand on the door and opening it. Once they were inside the house he wiggled his body to let his father know that he was awake and was gently set down.

“How was your nap Harry?” Severus asked with guarded eyes.

Harry said nothing as he walked to his room. He didn’t turn around to see if Snape had followed him or what the man’s expression looked like. Harry was just turning the knob when he heard his name. He turned towards his father and looked at him warily.

“Since you want to sulk so much, you’re grounded to your room until dinner time.” Severus said smoothly as he watched Harry’s reaction.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied quietly, he didn’t mind he wanted to sleep anyways.

“You may come out however if you need the loo. Then you are to return back immediately to your room. Do you understand Harry?” Severus said tightly, trying to keep his temper under control.

“Yes sir,” Harry answered before walking into his room and closing the door.

He shed his coat and shoes and trousers on the floor, not bothering to get in his pajamas. Harry pulled back the covers and got in, wondering when Snape had changed his bed. He sighed not really caring as he fell asleep.

Severus went to check on Harry 1 hour later, having not heard anything from him in quite some time. He opened the door to find clothes on the floor and Harry asleep. Deciding to let him sleep the attitude off Severus went to his lab. Getting lost in his potions, he would have forgotten about dinner had his alarm not went off. Placing a charm on his cauldron he went into Harry’s room to find the boy twisted in his covers still asleep. He reached over to wake him up, hoping that his sour mood was gone. He still had no idea what had brought on the attitude in the first place.

“Harry, get up its dinner,” Severus said as he shook him.

Harry moaned loudly but got up tiredly stumbling a bit before Snape caught him. He didn’t wanna eat he still wanted to sleep and forget about everything that happened earlier.

“After you eat you can go back to bed,” Severus gently said as he led Harry to the kitchen.

Harry nodded sluggishly before heading to the sink to wash his hand before taking a seat at the table. He heard Snape near the stove and he rested his head on the table. He lifted his head when he felt a plate settle in front of him and he yawned before grabbing his fork. He yawned again then frowned as he started eating.

“I don’t need to ask if you slept alright, since you’re still half asleep. But I want to know what set off your attitude today? Why were you so angry with me in the store?” Severus asked.

Harry shoveled another forkful of food into his mouth, knowing Snape didn’t like it when he spoke with his mouthful of food. If he kept food in his mouth he wouldn’t risk himself saying something stupid and get in even more trouble.

“Slow down Harry, before you choke,” Severus admonished as he watched his son’s food quickly vanish from his plate.

“But I’m hungry,” Harry whined not slowing down in the slightest, just wanting to finish so he could go back in his room.

Severus frowned before reaching over and taking the plate away. He didn’t want the child to eat to fast just for it to all come right back up. He held the plate in his hand as Harry looked at him in alarm.

Harry’s eyes widened when he felt his plate get pulled away. He knew it was too good to be true, and he had no one to blame but himself. He had allowed himself to get comfortable and had stopped protecting his plate thinking that Snape wasn’t like the Dursely. His chewed his jaw as he gently set his fork on the table, wanting his plate back more than ever. He clasped his hands tightly in his lap, and stared at them for a long moment before speaking.

“Can I be excused?” He asked softly.

“No you haven’t finished your dinner,” Severus replied.

“But you took it away, so that means I don’t get to finish eating.” Harry explained confusion in his tone.

“Why would you think that?” Severus asked in shock.

“The Durselys liked to do that,” Harry replied shame-faced.

“I’m so sorry child, but no I am not taking your food away. I didn’t want you to get a belly ache from eating so fast.” Severus said placing Harry’s plate back.

His heart ached when he saw Harry glanced up at him before cautiously picking up his fork, one hand holding the plate protectively. Severus had remembered this position earlier in the summer; it had been a while since Harry had done that. To know that he had invoked that kind of fear in the child didn’t bode well for him. He sighed but didn’t say anything rest of dinner.

Harry relaxed slightly but his hold on his plate never wavered and he found himself grabbing a few rolls from the table and pocketing them. He had never been afraid that Snape wouldn’t let him eat before, but then again the man had never taken his plate just because he was eating too fast. Harry worried about the silence but didn’t say anything either. As soon as his plate was clean he got up and headed to his room; wanting nothing more but to sleep. And sleep he did. For the first time in months Harry’s goodnight was dry when he woke up to the sun in his window the next day.

“I’m dry,” Harry whispered in awe to himself before he clutched his groin and hopped out of bed.

He knew from experience that the downside of waking up dry meant that you had to go really bad in the morning. He quickly made his way to the toilet only to try to open it and find it locked. Harry knocked on the door with one hand frantically, as he marched in place in front of it.

“Dad, I gotta use the toilet right now,” Harry said his voice desperate and urgent.

“Hold on Harry, I’ll be through in a minute,” Severus called, as he tried to hurry up and finish his own business. The boy tended to need the loo at the worst times, this being one of them; especially since he had just started going.

“I can’t hold it,” Harry responded worriedly, as he hoped his dad would hurry up.

“I’m nearly done child,” Severus replied, trying to encourage him.

“Dad please can you hurry?” Harry asked anxiously as his bladder was more than ready to be empty.

“Give me 45 seconds,” Severus replied calmly, hoping Harry could wait.

Harry nodded trying to hold on for dear life as he listened to his father’s stream weakened. He bounced around trying to keep it all in, not even hearing his dad finishing up. He gasped quietly seemingly without warning his bladder started to release itself into his dry goodnight. Unable to stop the flow, he breathed a sigh of relief as he emptied. At that moment Snape opened the door and Harry looked down at his feet unable to move as he wet.

“Harry I thought you needed the toilet? Come in then,” Severus replied opening the door wider so he could scoot pass him.

“I'm going daddy,” Harry said softly, Snape nearly didn’t hear him.

“It’s alright child, it was an accident.” Severus said soothingly.

“But I woke up dry,” Harry said tearfully as he finished the last of his wet.

“That’s very good Harry. If we were at the Manor, you’d have made it because it has more than 1 toilet.” Severus praised.

“Can I shower?” Harry asked as he felt the soggy thing between his legs.

“Yes you can, meet me downstairs in the kitchen for breakfast when you’re done.” Severus said walking to his room.

Harry didn’t say anything as he shuffled his way into the loo. He stripped of his pajamas and the wet goodnight before getting into the shower.

Severus was downstairs cooking breakfast, feeling awful about Harry’s misfortune. He shook it off, hoping the boy wouldn’t take this current accident to heart. Yesterday was something else, and he had no intention on bringing back that moody child. If this was what he was in store for Harry’s teenage years, someone was going to be grounded a lot. He sighed softly as he set the plates on the table before waiting for Harry to come down.

