Girls squatting to pee - Page 2

Author: Joey1234

*025*2019-02-22 23:08

A special thanks

Hey guys I know this is off topic from what I usually post here bit I typed in on google "girls squatting to pee" thisbtopic was the first result up on google I just want to say thanks for helping this gain trackion couldn't have made these without the support

*026*2019-03-01 15:15

Hey guys I want to say I have an amino did dictated to omorashi and I hope some of you can join or download amino in the app store my amino is called omorashi discussion

*028*2019-03-01 18:03

{{2 hours ago, peeople said:

I think 12-years old girl squart an the corner is not good behave.

As a girl who is in Puberty should hold pee

}}

What is the point in this

*030*2019-03-01 19:46

{{1 hour ago, peeople said:

Puberty girl have sexually conscious

So she shy to take pee in public

}}

Well not being a girl I wouldn't have known this so thanks

*031*2019-03-12 20:42

Part 7

Taylor

Taylor was sat in class desperately clutching she was only half way through English class and she was already desperate to pee and she was scared she wouldn't make it till the end of class

She quietly yelped as a spurt of pee escaped her urethra as she clutched herself even harder .

She knew she was gonna have to ask the teacher to go to the bathroom she raised her hand and asked the teacher if she could go as she leaked some more. Surprisingly the teacher said yes and she grabbed a pass and bolted out of the classroom. She darted to nearest girls room leaking a little on the way. When she reached the toilet she saw it was closed for maintenance.

Taylor gasped as she knew this was the other girls room was on the other end of the school and she knew she couldn't make it.

She then glanced over to a nearby bin and relised their wasn't a classroom nearby. Slowly she hobbled over to the bin and hiked up her skirt and removed her panties from one leg and let loose the flow. Almost immediately pee gushed out of her tired holding muscles causing her to breathe heavily with the relief and hoping no one saw her. After a long pee her stream ceased and she put her panties back on and stared down at the pool of piss in the bin and then noticed the tennis ball sized wet patch on her panties thank god she didn't have pe today.

The end

For anyone who doesn't know pe means gym class

*032*2019-03-16 19:59

Any ideas for the next part

