Sisterhood of Blood - Page 17

Author: frostyjr2

*400*2014-04-22 12:52

OK, here it is, the latest part of the story... thanks for being patient, and i hope it was worth the wait !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.50)

GATHERING STORM

JetBlue flight NYC to Seattle, WA

Present day

(sound track: This Flight Tonight, performed by

Joni Mitchell)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Rxs8wz4Vb9w?feature=oembed" The clans assemble for battle….

On the evening flight to Seattle, the seven of us: the siblings, Peter, Petra and Vicky, Kat, River, Hannah and myself, of course.

The sibs and Kat had the middle row to themselves, and River, Hannah and I were on the side next to them.

We were flying first class, on one-way tickets. Hannah was laughing when she purchased them, saying “No point in getting round trips; Goddess only knows how many of us will be coming back, if any.”

She has a morbid sense of humour, that much is for certain.

But there was truth in what she was saying in jest. We were now on our way to face a hostile clan of unknown strength and skill, to fight for our freedom, and our very existence.

We knew we’d be seeing our old adversaries Kris and Judith again, but the identity of the other five fighters would be a mystery until we faced off against them in a few hours.

Peter and Kat were sitting quietly, holding hands like young lovers.

Vicky was chatting away animatedly, excited by the prospect of facing her former tormentors now.

Petra was listening, sort of… she seemed distracted by something, and of course, being attuned to my older sister in a very special way, I knew exactly what was on her mind: she was holding again, and loving every second of it.

So was I, in fact.

There’s no better way for an omo vamp to take their mind off something they don’t want to think about than to start focusing on how full we’re feeling and how badly we need to pee.

Which was pretty badly, in my case. I was just hoping that I’d be able to make it through most of the flight without actually wetting myself, no matter how much certain other family members might get a thrill or a laugh out of that.

I glanced over at Hannah, who was looking out the window.

The moon was full, a bright silver orb of light illuminating the purple-black night sky. It was a beautiful night, one of the most beautiful I’d ever seen in my entire undead existence. At least, that’s what I was thinking at that moment.

Maybe because there was a good chance that it might be the last one I’d ever see with my family; it might even be the last one I’d ever see, period.

Hannah seemed calm; there was no perturbing her equanimity.

No matter what came to pass, she had accepted all possible outcomes and was at peace with herself.

All those years spent meditating, no doubt.

I looked over to the other side of me, where my little sister River was sitting in the aisle seat, bobbing one of her slender legs up and down, her thighs pressed tightly together and one hand jammed down between them.

It was pretty clear to me how she was choosing to deal with the stress and pressure, too.

I wasn’t sure why she was worried, though; seeing her with that saber in her hands during our last few training sessions, OMG, she was amazing!

Somehow, I knew she wasn’t going to lose her match.

In fact, everyone looked ready… except me.

I was the weak link now.

< TO BE CONINUED> \/###\/

*406*2014-05-01 21:47

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, i know that i was remiss in posting anything last Friday, but now here's the 2nd part of that chapter. So i'm either late for last Friday, or early for tomorrow. But Hannah would say everything happens as it must...

Therefore you're never truly late or early, but always right on time. Enjoy !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 50 bis)

Air Canada flight from Cannes to Seattle

Present day

(sound track: This Flight Tonight, performed by Nazareth)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4KH_HQD7eOw?feature=oembed"

Meanwhile, from the opposite side of the Atlantic, seven other travelers were making their way towards the same destination, some filled with dread as well as a more tangible liquid substance.

Kris had not missed an opportunity to make the slave vamps Janet and Diana suffer the agony of holding and the humiliation of their eventual involuntary wetting on their flight from Cannes to Seattle.

Their only solace was that this might just be the last time they would have to endure this torture, since there was very little chance that they would survive the coming encounter if they actually had to fight.

The thought was cold comfort, though.

Kris and Bethy were sitting on either side of them in the center row, blocking any possible unauthorized attempt on the part of the slave vampire girls to head for the rest room.

Mokolo, Cestus and Judith all sat together on the other side of the aisle, Judith at the window, Mokolo in the middle and Cestus on the aisle where he could keep an eye on Bethy, who was chatting away to Kris. The two of them were giggling like the mean girls they were, poking fun at the slave vamps in between them and enjoying every single moment of Janet and Diana’s desperation.

Bethy certainly seemed to have made her peace with who and what she had become by now, but then again, she really hadn’t had too much choice in the matter.

Judith was lost in a book, as usual, reading something in her indecipherable-to-anyone-else-but-her Hungarian native language.

Mokolo was lost in thought, his mind turning inwards on itself as it always did in the quiet times; but he was thinking ahead, thinking about the battle to come. This was quite unusual for him, for he had mastered the art of being entirely in the moment, but now something was pulling his thoughts forward like bits of metal drawn to a strong and entirely irresistible electromagnet. Somehow, he had known when Judith had called in the debt he had owed her ever since she had saved him from those hunters so long ago that this would be a critical defining moment in his existence, and that he would finally find an answer to all of the questions he had asked himself for so long.

This was the reason he had agreed without hesitation to join her in this fight, even though the outcome made no difference to him at all. He would survive regardless of what happened to the others. He had always survived. It was clearly his destiny to always survive… why was that, he wondered?

Even the undead have existential dilemmas, and they are not so very different from those faced by ordinary people: what does all of this mean? Why am I here, and to what purpose?

Of course, the peculiar nature of an undead existence renders the question even more thorny, as one continues to exist far beyond the lifespan of a normal human being, and at what cost to one’s soul in the end?

The longer Mokolo had pondered, the more these questions had weighed upon him, but the answers still seemed elusive at best.

As for Janet and Diana, they were both totally in the moment, entirely consumed by their urgent desire to release the copious amount of urine which was filling their poor bladders as well as the need to hold it in until Kris gave them permission to use the rest room.

Permission which was being withheld at the moment, much to their increasing despair, and to the joy of both Kris and Bethy, who were savouring every little squirm and squirt of the two desperate slave vamps.

It was going to be a long flight…

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*413*2014-05-17 12:19

Dear friends, fans and fiends, i know it's been awhile since i posted here, but all good things come to those who wet...

Errr, i mean wait... at least i think that's what i meant.

Well anyway, here's this part !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 51)

MATCH POINT

Seattle, present day

(sound track: Midnight, by Jimi Hendrix)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGuIt9N2AKA?feature=oembed"

When our plane touched down at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, the sky was dark grey and cold rain was pouring down like nobody’s business. Icky weather, but at least daylight was one less thing we’d need to worry about; that was one reason Hannah had chosen Seattle as the location for the challenge. It’s almost always grey and raining here.

Now we got into our limo and headed for the actual site for the battle, the Seattle Underground.

If you know your history, you probably are aware that at some point in the late 1800’s thirty-one blocks of Seattle's business district burned to the ground, and the town elders decided to rebuild the town not just using brick or stone construction instead of wood but also to regrade the streets, which ended up being anywhere from ten to thirty feet higher than they had been, although the businesses still carried on at what was formerly ground level for quite some time afterwards. The town’s clever solution to the problem of elevated streets and low sidewalks was to provide ladders at every street corner, rickety wooden ladders up to 30 feet high. Nice, eh?

The Seattle coroner’s office then recorded some rather unusual causes of death for the next few years, including ‘involuntary suicide’ (which often happened when after a night of drinking, an inebriated patron would leave the saloon, climb up one ladder, cross the street and miss the ladder going down on the opposite side), or cases of people being crushed by horses who, when spooked, bolted and fell into the chasm on either side of the street just at the moment someone happened to be passing below. Oops…

Well, eventually, the sidewalks were reconstructed above the old street level, but a number of enterprises still carried on down below as if nothing had changed, because there were glass ‘skylights’ installed in the new sidewalks so that daylight would filter down to the old sidewalks and storefronts on that level.

After more time passed, some businesses just used the old ground floor as basement storage; other areas fell into disuse and were abandoned, only to become flophouses, whorehouses, opium dens and other ‘questionable’ enterprises whose avoidance of official scrutiny and the light of day was a sine qua non of their continued survival.

The extensive network of streets beneath the city streets still exists to this very day, right below the feet of the unsuspecting residents and tourists walking right above it. Parts of it have been restored and they give tours down there, but most of it is still condemned, off limits and inaccessible to the general public.

This was the Seattle Underground. This was where our two clans would meet to decide our collective fate.

###

We drew cards out of the hat in order to determine our opponents; we would face the person from their clan who held the matching card.

We somehow had to defeat all of them but without destroying any of them, or run the risk of taking on their evil and having them live on through us.

They, on the other hand, would risk absolutely nothing by destroying any of us.

Peter drew first… his card was the Queen of Clubs. Then I put my hand into the hat and withdrew it slowly. I was holding the Jack of Hearts.

Petra took her turn, and got the Queen of Diamonds. Vicky went after her, and pulled out the Queen of Spades. River drew the King of Diamonds. Kat got the Queen of Hearts card. Hannah went last; the final card remaining was the Ace of Spades.

Now it was time for us to reveal our cards in order to find out which of them we’d be matched against.

We all held up our cards for the opposite clan to see, and they then revealed theirs.

“We surrender,” Janet and Diana both said in unison as the two of them quickly lowered their weapons to their sides and then dropped them without even taking the time to see who they’d have to face.

They had already discussed this and planned it out, Janet's guess being that putting their fates in the hands of the opposing clan would probably leave them better off than helping Cestus, Judith and Kris to win Vicky and Cool, or at the very least, no worse off than they already were.

Kris muttered, “Useless, what did I tell you?” as their two swords clattered onto the hard ground at their feet.

Kat and Peter both looked very disappointed that the luck of the draw had given them these two particular adversaries and that they were unwilling to fight.

Kat in particular had been looking forward to the battle, and now both she and her lover had been effectively sidelined, condemned to watch passively as the challenge would go on without them.

Now we were up two to nothing, without even having had to fight at all, but I had a feeling the rest of the matches weren’t going to be so easily decided.

Petra had drawn the Queen of Diamonds, and Judith held the matching card in her hand.

“And so we meet again,” Petra said. “It’s been a long time since Porte de Vanves.”

“For you, possibly,” Judith said. “But I remember it as if it were only yesterday… you in your lovely black lace underwear, tied tightly to that chair and squirming with desperation, aching for sweet release… oh, my, I’ll never forget how we all felt that night; it was truly something special, my dear.”

Petra couldn’t help herself; her lovely face blushed bright red with the memory of that day which had become a defining moment in her existence, setting her on the course that had finally brought her to this place, this time and this battle.

“I had hoped that you would join us willingly then; you seemed to enjoy yourself so much,” Judith said with a laugh. “Then your sister made a deal with us that she wouldn’t resist or try to escape if we let you and your brother go that day, so I had to let you go then, but I don’t think I will this time. We’ll have the submissive ones, Vicky and Erica, for the show, but I think I’ll keep you as my own personal plaything.”

She smiled evilly now.

“The fact that you won’t enjoy it so much, unlike the other two, will make it all the better… for me, at least.”

“Well, in order for that to happen, you’ll have to win me first, won’t you then?”

Petra raised her katana and smiled grimly.

Vicky raised her card and looked over at Kris, who was holding up the matching card, the Queen of Spades.

“Looks like I get you, ‘sister’,” she said.

“Fine with me, “ Kris responded with a little smile of her own.

“I’m looking forward to what I’m going to do to you now, and to you and that other little bitch when this is all over and done with.”

She laughed her evil laugh again and said, “Oh, such fun we’re going to have together!”

Then she added, “Well, it will be fun for me in any case. I’m pretty sure neither of you will like it quite as much, but then, that’s kind of the point, isn’t it?”

###

(sound track: Midnight Lightning, by Jimi Hendrix)

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI5jY8vWd00

I had drawn the Jack of Hearts, and the girl in the cropped black nylon lycra top and black, purple and yellow striped plaid pleated miniskirt across from me held the same card in her hand, her long neatly manicured and polished fingernails looking quite sharp and deadly. They had been painted a shade of dark purple, almost black, and her lipstick and eye shadow were a frosted dark purple shade also.

Somehow, she seemed oddly familiar to me although I could swear I’d never seen her before this very moment.

The girl’s face was quite pretty, with delicate features, like some beautiful doll. Her lithe body was that of a teenager, fit and shapely, with gentle curves in all the right places.

Her long, shiny black hair was gathered in bunches on either side of her head, and dropped down past her shoulders.

So cute… in fact, if we had met in some club, I would have found her very attractive, and I surely wouldn’t have hesitated for an instant before bringing her home with me.

But now we were facing each other to fight, and it was likely that only one of us would be going home afterwards.

She flicked her card away and in a single smooth and apparently well-practiced motion was holding a drawn katana in her hands.

“How are you, Erica? I'd recognize you anywhere; you look exactly the same as you did all those years ago,” she said. Her voice was soft and feminine, sweetly melodious, and pitched in a high register, and she had a very strange look in her eyes at the moment.

Recognize me? Where does she know me from?

I had to wonder as she continued to look me up and down intently.

“I’m not surprised you don’t recognize me, though. Certainly, a lot has changed on my end since that date we went on in '62 to catch ‘Trane at the Half Note.”

“OMG… Brad???”

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, and yet it had to be true.

“No, Erica… Brad is long gone. My name is Bethy.”

There was a slightly hysterical edge to her voice now; it was almost imperceptible but still so clear to me.

My ears, with not just the sensitivity of my vampire nature but having become finely attuned to changes in timbre after so many years playing the horn, picked it up as she continued to speak.

“That same night, Master Cestus found me, and turned me… first, he broke me and turned me into this, a teenage girl; then he turned me into a vampire, so I’ll stay like this forever. And I’m his slave, his toy, his little plaything to do with as he wishes.”

Now her voice was not just sharp, but tinged with a slightly bitter note as well.

“At first, I blamed you… if he hadn’t seen me with you that night, maybe he would have chosen someone else, I thought,” Bethy said.

"But now, I’ve actually come to embrace and enjoy my new existence… and I’d like to thank you.”

“Thank me? How?”

I was having trouble with the perverse reasoning that must have lain behind this and the twisted nature of what she was saying to me now.

“By making sure that you are enslaved just as I am; only by giving up our freedom can we be truly free, sweetie. This is the truth that Master Cestus has helped me to discover, and the truth that I would like to share with you now. We can be sisters-”

“Sorry, but I already have enough sisters, and a loving mistress as well. I may be a submissive omo vamp, but I submit willingly to Hannah, because I love her,” l replied.

“I’m nobody’s slave, unlike you.”

Bethy’s eyes flashed red now, signaling her anger. She raised her sword high, and advanced menacingly towards me.

“Oh, you will be; you will be!”

But I knew that would never happen; I knew it wasn’t to be, because I had made Hannah promise to destroy me before I could fall into their hands.

We would either leave victorious, or we wouldn’t be leaving at all.

Suddenly she charged at me, slashing at me with her sword.

I was barely able to avoid the tip of her sharp blade as it seemed to sweep past me.

Then, as I stepped back, I realized I really hadn’t avoided it entirely. A thin cut had appeared at my throat, and now blue blood began to drip from it, staining my white blouse.

“I could have destroyed you right then,” Bethy said as she extended her fangs to their full length. She licked her purple-black frosted lips hungrily now at the sight and smell of my blood.

“I missed on purpose. I don’t want this to be over too quickly, and besides, Master Cestus has ordered me to keep you alive, if possible. Well, what passes for alive for us, anyhow.”

I shuddered involuntarily at her words.

Now I realized that without Hannah by my side, I just might lose and actually be taken, rather than being destroyed.

The fear of that, to be enslaved for all eternity with only poor little Vicky and the evil Bethy to keep me company and Cestus, Judith and Kris controlling our fate, almost made me lose control of my over-full bladder and wet my panties right then. I clamped my thighs tightly together and stood awkwardly with my knees meeting and feet apart as I raised my own blade in preparation for her next attack.

At least now I had some idea of how fast and how accurate her blade would be, and I hoped that she wasn’t going to disobey her master’s command to not destroy me. I knew I was overmatched in this battle, and that it would take a miracle of some sort for me to beat her, but the fact that we were all here facing one another was already kind of a miracle, so I wouldn’t stop having faith that miracles did happen.

###

“Hannah Oliveiros… so we meet again. I was actually happy to hear that you had escaped destruction after I left you crippled on that rooftop,” Mokolo said with a wry smile. “In the end, I was more curious to see what would become of you if you continued in your role as the Council’s executioner.”

“And what do you see before you now? Does the picture fit the frame?” Hannah asked with a wry smile of her own.

“Although you are no longer quite the shining beacon of purity you were when we first faced each other, you still seem to have conserved as much of your true nature as anyone in your situation possibly could,” he mused. “And how have you managed to accomplish this thing?”

“Through the quality of mercy, and the awareness of karma.” Hannah replied. “Every action will have its cost, and extreme actions are the most extravagant of all. And so I only destroyed those whom I could not otherwise persuade to change their evil ways.”

“Persuasive then you must be indeed, Hannah Oliveiros, for I sense very little evil within you,” the large black man said. “And yet here we stand again, facing each other as opponents for no real reason, except possibly the joy that comes with meeting a skilled and suitable adversary.”

###

As my little sister River held up her card, Cestus laughed.

They both held the King of Diamonds.

“I suppose you think this is going to be easy,” she said. “Well, I’ll do my best to prove you wrong, you skinny creeper.”

“I certainly hope so. At least, try not to be destroyed too soon; I’ve been looking forward to a real fight for so long,” the pale vampire replied, although he didn’t actually expect that the small thin girl facing him would give him too much trouble.

She was even smaller than Bethy, and despite his rigorous training of her, Bethy had never once come even close to besting him in a sword fight.

Then again, this was to be expected, for he had hundreds of years of experience in the hand behind his blade.

“Don’t worry… like I said, I’ll do my best not to disappoint you.”

River spoke calmly, but it was a calm she didn’t truly feel; inside of her, a storm was raging. She would either redeem herself as a fighter for once and for all in this battle, or lose everything. It would be all or nothing, and for real this time.

No title, no championship, no points, no audience and no applause. It would just be their two sabers meeting in the dim light of the Underground.

She took a deep breath and smiled now.

“Will we be fighting using the match rules, then?” she asked quietly.

“Rules?” Cestus laughed again.

“I’m sorry, but this isn’t a fencing competition, my dear girl. This match has the simplest of rules: do whatever it takes to win. And whichever one of us is still standing at the end will be the winner.”

The tall pale vampire raised his sword in salute, and said, “EN GARDE!”, then quickly closed the distance between River and himself, attacking fiercely.

River countered and riposted, every sense on full alert.

Her adversary was fast, blindingly fast.

She already could sense that she would need every bit of her skill, strength and cunning to win against this opponent.

Cestus took two steps backwards and laughed yet again.

“Well, I can see this is going to be even more fun than I had anticipated. You certainly do have some ability; the only question is, will it be enough?”

“Only one way to find out, creeper!”

This time, River went on the attack, her blade slicing through the air towards Cestus, who brought his own weapon into position to parry. As she pressed back against his sword, she realized that he was actually not all that much stronger than she was; this contest would be a true test of her fencing skill, since he wouldn’t try to win simply by overpowering her.

It would be a fair fight, if nothing else.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*416*2014-05-18 00:16

Thanks for the kind words, folks. As always, they are much appreciated.

*418*2014-05-21 10:53

{{: 

Can't wait for the next part!

}}

Me either...

And i did like the vam-heroes, even if they're kind of more like anti-heroes.

*419*2014-06-06 11:38

OK, folks... i realize i've left this at a crucial juncture, and that it's been awhile since my last post, so i just wanted to let everyone know that i'm still around, and i'm working hard on getting the next bit of this story down... i will post again as soon as i can, i promise. Please just hang in there with me, OK ?

And wish us luck, because we're going to need it in this battle !

- Cool

*421*2014-06-14 13:38

This is hard... so much going on, and i need to get it all down just right.

Believe me, the story isn't over, or abandoned !

Please be patient, and hopefully you will be rewarded. i'm working on it, really i am !

*424*2014-06-16 14:14

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, it has been awhile, i know...

But finally, here is the next bit of the story:

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 51 bis)

MATCH POINT (cont'd.)

Seattle Underground, present day

(sound track: Tooth And Claw, by Animals As Leaders)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9P4GsF1zdzM?feature=oembed"

The two of them were circling each other once again, only this time both of them with swords in hand.

Lucifer was armed with a traditional Congolese short sword about 18 inches long, while Hannah held her favourite hybrid katana in her hands. It was ninja style in size, the blade being about 24 inches long but, unlike the typical ninja’s weapon, her sword was made from the finest grade of steel, perfectly balanced, tempered and honed by the master Hattori Hanzo himself.

Circling around and around, each one searching for an opening, for a sign of weakness or vulnerability, and finding none.

In their previous battle, fist against fist, the huge black vampire had had the advantage, but in this meeting, Hannah felt confident that she would stand a good chance of victory.

The larger man’s reach had been at least somewhat neutralized by her longer sword, and this time power would not count as much as precision.

The feel of the hilt of her katana in her hands was familiar and comforting to her. She and the blade she had dubbed Sakura had been here so many times before, and together they had always emerged victorious, if not unscarred.

Lucifer took a quick step in towards her, his sword in position for a slashing attack to the body.

Hannah had remembered how fast he could move despite his apparent bulk, and had already taken two rapid paces backwards in order to keep distance between them and brought her blade up and then down to block and parry his strike before moving backwards yet again.

She had already decided to begin her match on the defensive, being unaware of her opponent’s abilities with a sword.

Since she knew from their previous meeting that she was the faster of the two of them, she hoped that her slightly superior speed would be enough to keep her out of harm’s way while she took his measure as a swordsman. Then she would be able to plan her attack based on what she had observed.

“Hannah Oliveiros, you remain as fast as lightning and as elusive as a wisp of smoke. Never have I taken so much pleasure in fighting anyone as I do when you are facing me,” Lucifer said with a huge smile on his face.

This is still just a game for him, Hannah thought.

But if I lose, we may well lose both Vicky and Cool this time, and for good. Knowing Judith even as little as I do, I’m sure she won’t be showing us any mercy if we’re defeated.

As she thought that, she looked over in my direction, and saw what was happening to me.

Bethy’s repeated strikes were weakening me, my lifeblood oozing from so many cuts, and unfortunately my overwhelmingly desperate urge to pee was now weakening me even further.

I could sense what Hannah was thinking; she was worried about me, and her worry was clouding her mind, keeping her from focusing on the task in front of her.

Maybe if we could move out of sight, she would be able to concentrate better. This was so totally unlike her.

It was then that I realized why she had always kept me far away from her when she was working her enforcer gig.

I realized what the problem was for her.

It was me; I was the weak link and, ironically, her love for me and her concern for my survival could prove to be her undoing.

Lucifer was totally focused, however. He was looking right into Hannah’s eyes the whole time, and when he saw her glance sideways in my direction, he realized that he had found the one chink in her armour.

The black vampire circled around, his eyes fixed on hers, now only waiting for the moment her attention would waver yet again.

I hadn’t been able to force Bethy to move away down one of the other passageways. In fact, I was barely able to maintain my own position, and so we were in plain view as we continued to fight.

Lucifer saw her eyes move away from his one more time and without hesitation, he seized the opportunity that had presented itself, moving in rapidly and ensnaring her blade, then grabbing her hands and bringing his weapon up towards her head.

He stopped just shy of chopping into her neck, but it was clear that he had won the match and Hannah lsank to her knees before him, conceding defeat.

Mea culpa, mea maxima culpa, OMHG.

“I will not ask you to surrender, Hannah Oliveiros, for I know that to do so is not in your nature. And yet you have forced me to consider the nature of the quality of mercy, that one last bit of human existence you still cling to,” he said.

“Once again, I am faced with the same dilemma: to destroy you now would be to lose the very essence of myself. Nor do I have any desire to do so… but I have meditated upon this question for a long time since our last meeting, and I believe I have truly come upon a solution that will work for the both of us.”

He continued, “It seems to me that our destinies are inextricably entwined. Therefore, I suggest that we join forces now.”

“What do you mean, ‘join forces’?” Hannah said. “Even though you have beaten me, I will still never willingly join in doing evil; I would be destroyed first.”

“Hannah Oliveiros, I expected no other answer from you. If Judith wins the challenge, I’m afraid your fate will be in her hands,” Mokolo said sadly, “but if your clan does emerge victorious, what I suggest is this: I will become your ‘dark side’.”

He said this laughing at his own pun as Hannah looked at him quizzically.

“You, my dear girl, will be able to continue to be the persuasive diplomat that you are. However, if your powers of persuasion fail to convince their intended target, I shall act again as executioner just as I once did a long time ago.”

Being as I am already fully consumed by evil, the required destruction of evil vampires cannot alter my nature any further, and yet by doing these acts in a good cause, I may just attain my soul's salvation after all.”

The black giant now lowered his sword and offered Hannah his hand to help her rise from the ground.

“A paradox I have long meditated upon myself while pondering the fate that destiny has thrust upon us both,” Hannah said quietly.

“So this is acceptable to you, then?” Mokolo asked.

“More than acceptable,” she replied. “It seems that our fates are inextricably entwined indeed, for you may have just found the only way out from the real dilemma of this job for the both of us. But only time will tell, my friend.”

“Time… that is one thing we have in abundance,” Mokolo said with a laugh.

“It has been many long years since anyone called me ‘friend’, but I look forward to being that to you now, and for many long years still to come.”

Hannah smiled broadly and took his offered hand as the huge black vampire lifted her up off of the ground and set her back on her feet as easily as if she had been a child’s doll.

###

Petra had drawn the Queen of Diamonds, and Judith held the matching card in her hand.

“And so we meet again,” Petra said. “It’s been a long time since Porte de Vanves.”

“For you, possibly,” Judith said. “But I remember it as if it were only yesterday… you in your lovely black lace underwear, tied tightly to that chair and squirming with desperation, aching for sweet release… oh, my, I’ll never forget how we all felt that night; it was truly something special, my dear.”

Petra couldn’t help herself; her pretty face blushed bright red with the memory of that day which had become a defining moment in her existence, setting her on the course that had finally brought her to this place, this time and this battle.

“I had hoped that you would join us willingly then; you seemed to enjoy yourself so much,” Judith said with a laugh. “But your sister made a deal with us that she wouldn’t resist or try to escape if we let you and your brother go that day, so I had to let you go then, but I don’t think I will this time. We’ll have the submissive ones, Vicky and Erica, for the show, but I think I’ll keep you as my own personal plaything.”

She smiled evilly now.

“The fact that you won’t enjoy it so much will make it all the better… for me, at least.”

“Well, in order for that to happen, you’ll have to win me first, won’t you then?”

Petra raised her katana high and smiled grimly.

___

(sound track: The Epilogue, by Crosses)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/16ptWIZ36F4?feature=oembed"

Vicky looked at Kris from across the short distance separating them. The small red headed vampire was grinning evilly again, a look Vicky had seen countless times before when she had been under her control, and had been helpless to prevent what would follow.

This time was different, though. This time they would meet as equals, each of them with a sword in hand.

Vicky was determined to win this fight; she already knew what fate awaited her if the clan lost this challenge. She had to win, for her own sake, and for Cool’s.

The alternative was just too horrible to contemplate.

As Kris rushed at Vicky, she had just enough time to block the vicious sword strike the red headed vampire had made towards her head. She turned around as quickly as possible, swinging her own blade with the momentum gathered from her rotation.

Kris grunted with the effort of her parry, and then drove Vicky back down the passageway as she pressed up hard against her.

Advantage, Kris.

The two of them disappeared out of sight, fading into the distance.

Now the sound of the clash of their katana in the darkness was receding from my ears as they worked their way down the narrow corridor between the old storefronts and the stonework that held back the dirt that had filled the streets to raise them to their new ground level in the 1880s.

At least for the moment, it looked as if Vicky was somehow managing to hold her own against the evil little vampire’s onslaught, albeit with great difficulty.

She blocked and parried as skillfully as she could, but Kris was both stronger and more skilled than she was with the sword. All she could do was keep on fighting, and hope for a lucky break at some point.

But that was not to be, unfortunately.

Kris was determined not only win this match but to make her opponent pay for the humiliation she had suffered during the rescue at Porte de Vanves.

And now she would have her revenge.

As the girl facing her began to tire, Kris smiled yet again as she started to land strike after strike.

The uneven match continued on in the darkness, with Vicky hanging on valiantly but fighting a losing battle, her energy depleted from fatigue and loss of blood.

Kris was simply punishing Vicky now with every swing of her sword, cutting and slicing into her, fangs extended in anticipation of tasting both blood and triumph.

Finally, she backed away to take in the sight of her opponent now.

This was all but over, that much was clear.

With the last iota of will remaining to her, Vicky raised her katana again, but it was obvious to the both of them that she had no strength left.

Kris smiled that all too familiar evil grin at Vicky as she gestured for her to move forward and engage once more, and the weakened and bloodied girl staggered towards her as if in a daze.

As she tried to swing her sword, Vicky fell forward and collapsed with exhaustion as Kris stepped on her katana and snapped it in half, then grabbed a large handful of her hair and pulled her head back violently as she stood over her laughing.

“Sorry, sweetie, but you lose. Your little butt is mine now!”

She let go of Victoria’s hair and then sheathed her katana before rubbing her small hands together, gleefully anticipating her next torture session with Vicky as the victim.

Even in defeat, Vicky was still defiant now, though.

“You may have won this fight, but that doesn’t mean your side has won the challenge yet,” she said quietly.

“We’ll just have to wait and see who really ends up on the bottom this time.”

###

Judith raised her sword, assuming Jodan position with the blade above her head parallel to the ground.

Petra’s hands were light on the hilt of her katana as she stepped forward with her left foot, moving quickly into Ahso, her weapon positioned vertically on the right side of her head.

Both of them now waited for the other to make the first move.

“Well, aren’t you just full of surprises?” Judith said with a smile, as she moved backwards and pivoted in Zango.

“Beauty, brains, and sword skills too…”

“Oh, will you just shut up and fight, bitch?”

“My, my,” Judith replied mockingly. “I can see we’ll have to spend some time working on your manners, though. They don’t seem to have improved very much since the last time we met.”

Petra laughed as she now moved into Chudan position with the sword extended in front of her.

“Not the first time I’ve heard that one, love. Well, not to worry; I have a lot of time ahead of me now; you see, I’ve become one of you.”

Suddenly Petra let out a loud kiyai scream as she charged at Judith, her katana already moving in an arc towards her adversary. Judith easily blocked the blow, then continued in towards her in a single fluid motion with a kote strike attempt as Petra quickly brought her own blade back into position to parry.

“So I see,” Judith said as she raised an eyebrow.

She stepped backwards and pivoted again.

“Then I suppose there’s no reason to go easy on you, is there?”

This time, Judith attacked first from Jodan.

Petra was shocked at the blazing speed of her movement, but was still able to parry with an upwards sliding motion which carried Judith’s sword back up away from her head.

The fight went on for some time with neither of them able to gain a clear advantage; they were too evenly matched in terms of both strength and skill.

Finally Judith stepped back and smiled mysteriously as she lowered her sword.

“Well, this has been a bit of fun, but I’m growing bored now. I think it’s time to end this, my sweet slave.”

Her dark eyes flashed red as she looked directly into Petra’s, and she said only one word: “Surrender.”

Petra suddenly felt her katana become very heavy, and despite herself, she lowered it to her side and then knelt at Judith’s feet, her head bowed down.

“You see, you’ve actually been mine ever since Porte de Vanves, my dear. While you were unconscious, I was busy implanting some hypnotic suggestions very deep inside your mind, and I’ve just triggered them,” Judith said almost tenderly. “You have no choice but to obey me now.”

Once again, tears streamed down Petra’s face as she realized she had not only lost the fight, but her free will as well.

###

River had become that possessed demon, the one she became whenever she had a sabre in her hands. She was pressing Cestus wickedly, and despite his own considerable skill with the sword, it was obvious that he had his hands full at the moment.

Peter and Kat were sitting on the ground with the two slave vampires, and they were all watching the fights intently, knowing that their collective future would be determined by the final outcome, but unable to influence it in any way now.

Cestus and River fought their way down another narrow corridor and out of my sight for the moment as the others rose and followed them.

I wasn't really surprised; they had probably already given up any expectation of me winning my match.

Now I needed to focus on my own battle.

Bethy may have been forbidden to attempt to destroy me, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t cause me a lot of pain on her way to winning the fight, or destroy me ‘by accident’ as it were, and despite my best efforts to defend myself, she was landing strike after strike, each one a slash that caused me to bleed but not incapacitate me.

She really was trying to draw this out as long as possible and cause me the maximum of pain in the process, knowing that my regenerative ability would keep these injuries from becoming any permanent disability. And I was feeling pain, pain the likes of which I hadn’t felt for a very long time.

The last time I had felt pain like this had been after I had teleported the crippled Hannah and myself off of the warehouse rooftop down below to safety.

That time, the pain had been sudden, massive and intense, my entire body feeling seared as if I’d been burned at the stake like a Salem witch.

Now, I was feeling the torture of a thousand cuts, none enough to be of much account individually, but taken all together, OMHG…

I was bleeding out now, weakening to the point where I could barely hold up my sword. The effort of fighting and the blood loss had exhausted me, drained me of almost every last bit of energy, and I had no time to recover.

Bethy lifted her sword threateningly, and then she smiled at me again.

“Ready to surrender yet, ‘sis’? I think you should know by now you can’t beat me in this fight.”

If I were to surrender to her now, my only real hope for survival would be her obedience to her master’s command.

Hannah had been defeated and would not be able to give me deliverance, and so just like the last time with Brad all those years ago, I would have to find my own way out of this dilemma.

Just like the last time.

Suddenly, it was as if time had slowed down.

They say that when you’re dying, your whole life flashes before your eyes.

Well, I wasn’t dying, just faced with the alternatives of my destruction or an eternal enslavement, but I guess it was enough to trigger something in me, and in that moment all sorts of mental connections started to click: my physics professor’s ‘Everything is vibration at the most basic level’ lecture, Hannah’s strange gift of vampire existence with its speed and strength and stamina, the sound of Trane’s horn, the touch of his hand on mine transferring something magical to me, my practice regimen on the sax, and Kat’s training.

Suddenly I felt something, something very strange, considering the circumstances… acceptance.

Just that; acceptance… I felt myself accepting any and all possible outcomes to this battle. For just this moment, I was free of the past and of the future.

I could feel myself at peace and in tune with the vibration of the universe now, and I focused every last bit of energy I had in me on one last strike, and then unleashed it. It would be all or nothing on this one blow.

It may be an old cliché, but my katana was truly like lightning as it flashed in the darkness towards the girl facing me, and although she brought her own weapon into position to block my blade, the force of my strike shattered her sword and knocked her to the ground where she now lay in a dazed heap.

I quickly moved to stand over her and brought the point of my sword to her throat.

I had won, oh heavenly goddess… I had won!

“Surrender now, or be destroyed!” I said to her as she slowly came to her senses.

She looked up at me, and all of the fight seemed to drain out of her eyes; it was as if she had become a helpless little girl now.

She had even wet her panties when I had knocked her unconscious, even though I thought I was the only one who really had to pee.

I could see a puddle of clear pale yellow liquid forming beneath her bottom as she sat up, and I had to suppress a little giggle.

‘I… I surrender…” she gasped.

I extended my hand, and she took it.

“We can still be sisters if you wish now, as long as you’re willing to accept our terms,” I said with a smile as I pulled her up.

“I don’t think I have much choice in the matter, do I? As long as your side wins…” she added under her breath as I led her towards the sound of clashing swords, in the direction River and Cestus had taken.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

