Daniel and Amy - Page 46

Author: Barry

*1129*2019-10-04 23:46

Sorry guys, it looks like this story is dead, at least on here for the moment.

I have requested a backup copy, and I know a few loyal readers have one, so perhaps someone would be kind enough to send it to me in a Word Document?

Im not particularly computer literate, but I have been messaged about the possibility of continuing it elsewhere, and I’m excited by that.

Once I have it saved, and edited, I will look at doing this, and will let everyone know how and where to find it.

In the meantime, I do fully intend to keep writing stories here, keeping within the clear guidelines that have been posted. I’ve actually started a new story now, and look forward to posting it shortly.

Thanks again to all the loyal readers, I hope we can continue to enjoy this story again elsewhere soon!

*1132*2019-10-05 09:51

I have asked for some clarification. The rule states no preadolescent characters. Mine are adolescents, but underage. I don’t know if it makes a difference or not.

Ill keep everyone posted.

I have a backup copy now, so I may be able to continue in a different forum elsewhere.

*1136*2020-04-13 02:36

I’m really itching to continue this, and the next chapter has been written in my head many times, but I’m sure it will end with the story being removed.

Did anyone notice @Piddly had a Experience Sighting story removed because the girl was a teenager? He went to great lengths to explain that she was at least 16, (can’t remember exactly, but not a small child). If something featuring older teens gets removed from an Experience thread, a fictional story like this with young teens is doomed.

Unless it’s something as simple as someone just having an axe to grind at @Piddly

? I’d hate to think that was the case.

I may throw caution to the wind and write it.

*1144*2020-05-05 13:28

Oh well, let’s go for a ride and see what happens.

Chapter 16

Thursday

“Oh wow!” Aiden’s voice was hushed, after his quick inhale of breath. It was enough to get Maria’s attention though, and she lifted her gaze from her wet legs and feet, to give him a grin, that looked half embarrassed, but also cheeky, and she made no effort to lower her raised dress, giving him the slightest glimpse of the wet crotch of her light blue panties. They had flowers on them, he noticed.

“Oops, I toldya I needed to go,” she said, matter-of-factly, enjoying how shocked her friend looked.

“Oh geez Maria.....what’re you gonna do now?”

“Now? We’re going swimming, remember? C’mon. Let’s go get our swimmers on!” She dropped her dress, and waddled over the worst of the puddle that she’d created, and took a step towards the edge of the playground, keeping her legs slightly spread.

“But, but, won’t you get inta trouble? Are you gonna tell your mama? She’ll be mad you didn’t go when she told you to!”

Maria fixed him with a weird stare, as if she suddenly found him strange. “Duhhhh! Of course she would, silly! That’s ‘zactly why I’m not gonna tell her. C’mon. Let’s get changed. I’m gonna do same as you know, wear shorts. That way, I can leave my undies on, and mama won’t ever know they got wet. Hey! You should do the same. Put those underpants back on before you go. They’re almost dry, and it’ll rinse them out, and, your papa won’t know ‘bout your little accident!”

Aiden grinned. He hadn’t been exactly SUPER WORRIED, about his underpants, but it had nagged at the back of his mind a bit about what to do with them. At home, if he had a little leak like that, he was usually able to sneak the evidence into the washing machine after his mum had started a load, or to rinse them out by hand. But here, he had no idea how the washing of clothes would work. He’d never used a washing machine in his life, so he guessed his dad would do that, and he didn’t want his father handling damp, or pee stained pants. It was bad enough to worry about the sheets....

He followed her inside, after she’d used the doormat to wipe as much wet sand from her bare feet as she could.

“Go get changed,” she instructed, as she took a hobbling walk into her room, keeping her wet legs apart, but still leaving a couple of small drops on the floor.

Aiden decided to leave his blue shorts on. His undies were only slightly damp now, so they shouldn’t show up any wet patch. He hurried to get undressed, then dressed again as quick as possible, because he always had the feeling that Maria was going to barge through the door while he was naked. It took less than a minute for the damp underpants to be fitted again, and he walked out of his room.

The first thing he saw, was Maria, standing on her tiptoes, arms reaching up, trying to get some towels from the top shelf of the hallway linen cupboard.

The second thing he saw, was her clothes. The dress was now gone, replaced with a white t-shirt, which was riding up as she stretched, showing the wet butt of her light blue panties, as she hadn’t put pants on yet.

“Ugh. Aiden, you’re taller than me. Can you fetch that towel please? I need to like dry myself off a bit before I put my shorts on.”

He wordlessly passed her the towel. “Thanks,” she replied, scurrying back into her room. His brain was spinning, as he selected a towel for himself.

Maria bounced out of the room, with the towel around her shoulders, now wearing a pair of short, light green beach shorts.

“Come on, Aiden! Let’s go have a biiiiiiiiiig drinka Coke, to make us build up again, then I’ll have to go tell my pairs I’m going to the beach. They won’t mind, but I gotta tell them first. Hey! If you wanna ask any of your friends, even bitch-girl, we can, I don’t mind?”

He took the offered fizzy drink, taking a big sip, and wondering why he was doing this.

“I don’t really need to ‘build up,’ I peed way before you did!”

“Rubbish,” she replied. Your undies were still pretty wet. Couldn’t of been THAT long ago. I reckon we’re pretty even.”

“Ok, ok, ok,” he mumbled. “You win. Look, I don’t really care ‘bout the others. We can ask ‘em if we see ‘em, but I don’t mind going with just you.”

Maria smiled at this, suddenly leaping forward, and kissing him lightly on the cheek, then giggling at his shocked expression.

“Thanks. Aiden. That’s the nicest thing a boy has ever said to me. I like you! Let’s go tell our olds, and if we see the other kids, we’ll ask them, if not, we’ll go by ourselves.”

They held hands, until they got outside the house

*1148*2020-05-06 13:51

Chapter 17

Thursday.

Let’s go to the beach!

Dan dropped the wet towel on the floor, and collapsed in a panting heap beside his girlfriend. Neither of them spoke at first, until she turned to face him, kissing him deeply on the mouth.

“I love you, Catholic Boy,”

“Not as much as I love you,” he replied, looking at her breasts, and wondering what would happen if he was to start kissing them.

The thought was short lived. She slapped him gently on the thigh.

“Come on Danny. We better get moving. Nikki will be back any minute.”

He sighed, but did as she said. Amy was right, and it wouldn’t do to be caught like this. While a lot of teenagers would be bragging to their friends about what they got up to, these two didn’t feel it necessary. Unbeknownst to Amy, Dan had admitted a few things to his friends when they were drinking, and he was still kicking himself for doing so. He knew that if it ever came up in conversation, Amy would be pissed. Really pissed. At the same time, Amy hoped Dan didn’t find out that she’d shared a few intimate details with Nikki....

“Is anyone out there?” Amy enquired, as her boyfriend looked out the window.

“Nah. Not really. Scotty and Nik are still talking in that gazebo thing, all the oldies are busy. Can’t see Matty anywhere.”

“I’m going to get dressed,” Amy declared. “Wanna check the beach out?”

“Sure,” Dan agreed. “So long as the olds don’t put us to work.”

“I don’t think that’ll happen today,” she said. “They already said it wouldn’t start till tomorrow. Personally, I don’t think they want us hanging around, getting in the way. You know how grownups are.”

Dan chuckled. “Suits me. I don’t particularly wanna start work today anyway. I want to look around a bit. Want to have a swim?”

“Sounds like a plan,” she agreed. “But, um, it kind of makes it a bit difficult for me though. Like what to wear?”

“Why not a swimsuit?” Dan replied dryly, with a touch of sarcasm.

“Dork!” A pillow was launched at his head, barely missing him. “You know what I mean! Protection? I can’t just wear a nappy to the beach!”

Dan was trying not to laugh at his own joke, but he knew she could get sensitive about things like this, especially after their trip to the beach, when her pull ups had been stolen, resulting in an awkward bus ride home.

“Put your bathers on, then your dress. I don’t think you’ll need a diaper. You just peed before we, um, you know, then again as you, ah, you know, ....” He coughed a bit, feeling awkward. “If you want, put a pull up on over your swimsuit. Take a bag. You can slip it off once we’re there?”

She shook her head. “Nah. I don’t think I could do that. Not in front of everyone, even if they DO know I’m wearing one. You’re right. I probably don’t need one. I’ll go without. It’s only a short walk, and I’ll pee in the water as soon as we get there. That way I’ll already be wet if I do have an accident.”

“Good idea,” Dan agreed. “I’ll be doing the same, remember? I can’t wear a nappy and get changed either. Hey! Speaking of which, can I take mine off in here, it’s a bit, um, yucky now. I don’t wanna get changed in front the guys.”

Amy stood up, completely at ease with being naked in front of Dan. Only a short time ago, she was extremely self conscious about her looks, now, she felt so comfortable around him, that it sometimes scared her.

“Ames? That thing we just did. I didn’t mean to put my fingers there. I’m sorry. I mean I know you liked it, but still...”

At that moment, she felt her heart could burst with love. He really was so sweet! So many guys would’ve taken advantage of her, but here he was, apologising! God. She really loved him!

“Danny. Catholic Boy. You NEVER have to apologise for doing things that I ask you to do.”

He blushed a bit. “So.....you liked it?”

Her voice was low and husky, her gaze, direct. “Fuuuuuuck yeahhh”

He shivered. They were definitely going to have to have another talk about boundaries, he thought, but not now.

“Danny? Get undressed. It’s not fair that I’m the only one naked. I thought you wanted to take your diaper off?”

He looked out the window again, then quickly kicked his shoes off, then dragged his sweatpants down, stepping out of them, before ripping his pull up off, looking at her expectantly.

She smiled at the sight of him, now naked, apart from socks and a t-shirt, and saw that although he’d cum twice in the last twenty minutes, it looked like his boyhood was already starting to stir again.

“Down boy,” she said with a laugh, throwing the wet wipes at him. “Here. Clean yourself up. Then put our rubbish in a bag please.”

Feeling slightly disappointed, (but also a bit relieved) he did as he was told, throwing both diapers, and what seemed like a thousand wipes into a garbage bag, while they both got dressed again.

Amy dug out her black bikini, and slipped on a very short yellow sundress, and was tying her hair back when there was a loud BANG, followed by a cry of “Jesus!” From the door. She opened it, seeing a very flustered looking Nikki standing there, looking shocked, and rubbing her nose.

“Whadda fuck Ames? Why’d you lock the door? I just bumped straight into it! I thought it was open, and.....OHHHHH!”

This was uttered, when Dans head suddenly appeared over her friends shoulders, blushing slightly.

“I uh, I’ll, um, go get changed,” he muttered, stepping past them, and scurrying along towards his own van, the sound of the girls laughter ringing in his ears. He saw Scott angling towards the van as well, coming from the Camp Kitchen. They looked at each other, blushed, grinned, then started giggling themselves, as they entered their own “man-cave.”

Nikki grinned at Amy.

“You sly dog! That’s why the door was locked! What did you two get up to?”

“Nothing Nik,” her best friend replied with a grin. “At least, not much. Nothing I’m telling you about, anyway.”

“Bitch,” Nikki replied without anger, following Amy inside, and immediately looking around for any incriminating evidence, but not finding any.

“Hey! Guess what? Guess what I just did?”

Amy shrugged. “Dunno. Tell me...”

Nikki lifted her dress up, showing Amy her bright orange and green “Thursday” panties, complete with a very wet crotch.

“I wet my pants. In front of Scott! And let him touch them!”

Both girls squealed.

“Oh bullshit Nik! Did you? Did he? What happened?”

Nikki was dancing on the spot. “Oh shit. Don’t get me worked up Ames! I only leaked a bit, but I really need to go badly.”

“I don’t think the toilets are here yet Nik. I can give you a dipe if you want?”

Nikki grinned. “Nah. My knickers are wet already. I’m going to go pee outside on the grass behind the van. Come with me?”

Amy followed her outside, and around the back of the annexe, where they couldn’t be seen from the boys van. “So? What happened?”

Nikki lowered her voice, “IFINALLYHADTHATTALKWITHSCOTT,” she whispered, running her words together, forcing Amy to ask her to repeat herself.

“I. Finally. Had. That. Talk. With. Scott.” Nikki repeated, slowly. “I told him I wet the bed sometimes, and he admitted it as well! We even talked about pull ups!”

“So, you wet yourself on purpose then? To get it started?” Amy asked.

“Nuh-Uh! That was an accident. He startled me. You know what he said?”

Amy smiled. “That he loves you?”

Nikki’s jaw dropped. “How did you know?”

“Jesus Nik. It’s so obvious! Everyone knows.”

As they talked, Nikki raised her dress up high, fully exposing her underpants, then started to squat down.

“Arr, Nik? Aren’t you gonna take those off first?”

Nikki gave her an evil grin. “What for? They’re already wet.”

With that, a sudden strong stream erupted from Nikki’s panties, splitting in two, as one sprayed out from underneath her bottom, and the other shot straight down between her spread feet.

“Ahhhhhh,” she sighed, as she completely soaked her underpants.

Amy grinned, and shook her head. This was just “So Nikki.”

“So you’re going to wear wet pants all day?” Amy asked.

“Sorta kinda,” came the reply. “Scotty and I are going to the beach. So I’ll wear these under my shorts. Do you guys wanna come too?”

Amy lifted her dress up, revealing her bikini. “Already one step in front of you,” she replied. “Danny’s gone to get changed.”

“Hey, you’re not wearing a diaper,” Nikki pointed out. “Double, no, TRIPLE dare ya to wet your bikini a bit before we go!”

Amy wiggled a bit. “I’ve already peed twice in like half an hour Nik. That’s why I had to take my nappy off. Dunno if I can. I’ll try,”

Amy held her dress up like her friend had, and pushed. To her surprise, she actually had a bit left to give. The crotch of her black bikini panties suddenly grew warm and heavy, and a trickle of warmth ran down both legs.

The girls looked at each other, and giggled.

“I think I need a towel,” Nikki admitted, rubbing her wet thighs together.

Amy smiled. “Funnily enough, I happen to have one inside already that’s a bit wet,” Amy said, and both giggling girls headed back inside their van, leaving a trail of little drips behind them.

