The many wet years of Ron Weasley

Author: Sexy Gleeky Bitch

*000*2012-07-18 18:22

This will be a many chaptered fanfiction. It will contain many different times, all of various lengths. Enjoy.

"Ron. Ron. Wake up. It's Christmas!" A 9- year-old Ron Weasley opened his eyes groggily as his older, twin brothers came bounding into his room. One of them ripped his duvet off his bed, and both of them oggled the wet patch. Ron curled into himself miserably as they started shouting. "Mum! Mum! Ron wet his bed. His sheets are soaked." Tears started streaming down Rons face as many pairs of feet came running up the stairs. This was the main reason he had the attic room, so he could keep his bedwetting secret from everyone from his parents. Mrs Weasley came in first and ushered the twins out. "Its OK Ronniekins." She cooed, hugging him. "N-N-No, I-I-Its n-n-n- Not. Th-They'll n-never l-let m-me l-l-live i-i-it d-d-d-d-own."

"Shhh. It will blow over before long. I will make sure they keep quiet about it."

"Th-Th-Thanks, m-Mum."

"Now, what do you want to wear today?"

"C-Can I wear a GoodNite? I don't wanna wet infront of them again." He muttered, embarrassed about his occasional daytime wetting, as well as his night wetting. "Of course you can. You're really upset about them finding out, aren't you? They won't make too much of a fuss, if they don't want me telling everyone about both of them wetting their pants out of fear in September, as they were just about to get on the Hogwarts express for the first time.

*001*2012-07-18 20:27

Feedback is much appriciated.

Sorting ceremony.

Almost everyone had been sorted, but it had been a long time since Ron had been able to use the bathroom on the train. He fidgetted slighlty as se waited for his name to be called. "Ronald Weasley." The strict professor called out. He made his way to the stool and put the sorting hat on. He squirmed on the hard stool as the hat spoke to him, trying to decide where he would go. "Gryfindor." It roared, making Ron jump, and lose a few spurts into his underwear. He slowly made his way to the Gryfindor table, and sat with his new friend, Harry. He couldn't stop squirming, all he could do was wish the sorting would finish, so the feast would hurry up and get over with, so he could get to a bathroom. His brother, Percy, frowned at the squirming, before giving him a sympathetic, but knowing look. Ron grimanced, squirming and fidgeting more as the food apeared on the plates, he barely registered what he was eating, as his full attention was on keeping all the liquid in his bladder, well, in.

He sipped a glass of pumpkin juice, which was a huge mistake as it went straight to his bladder, making him more desperate. The last plates were finishing being cleared, when Ron gasped audibly and looked down, mortified. He began to wet his pants in the great hall as his new headmaster stood up to give the welcome back speech. He took very little of it in, he was just focus on what would happen if anyone found out, they would hate him, especially Harry, who could have any friends he wanted.

"You ok, Ron?" Harry asked as everyone began to stand up. Ron shook his head, unable to speak about it. "Whats wrong?"

"Leave me alone, please." He choked out. Percy came to Ron, and got him to stand up. "It's ok. The floor can be cleaned, as can you."

"But it was in front of everyone." Ron sob into his brother. "Lets go upto the dorms, then you can go for a nice hot shower, and clean. It will be ok.

*003*2012-07-20 10:13

Troll in the bathroom

Ron hadn't had the chance to use the bathroom since long before the feast, and he had downed many glasses of pumpkin juice. He and Harry ran back towards the girls bathroom, after hearing a scream. "Hermione." They ran into the bathroom, and froze. A huge mountain troll was moving towards Hermione, where she had shrunk into a corner. The boys started doing everything they could to distract the troll, and it turned on them. Ron paled as it turned round, fear running through his body, causing his bladder to give way.

A sound of fluid hitting the floor filled the room, Ron blushed as Harry and Hermione looked to him, but tried to brave it. Harry had jumped onto the trolls back, and Ron performed the first spell that came into his head "Wingardium leviosa." The trolls club rose out of its hand, before crashing down onto its head, knocking it out. Harry climbed off of its back, and got his wand out of its nose. Hermione moved towards Ron, who blushed even more, knowing that she had seen and heard him wet himself. "Are you OK, Ron?"

"I- uh- yeah, I guess so." He said, looking at his feet. "Its not your fault, it could happen to anyone, especially if they had something like this," She guestured to the troll, "To deal with."

