The Omorashi Hero

Author: Keita123

*000*2016-11-01 08:35

"O great hero, please come to us and deliver us from the evils of the Demon Lord!"

This is it. This is the moment that she has been waiting for. If this spell succeeds, the kingdom can finally be saved.

And, more importantly, she can finally have a wee she desperately needs.

You see, the ritual took her 12 hours to do, without any sort of break whatsoever. True, she had taken one before she started the whole thing, or else it would be suicide, but 12 hours is enough time for her waters to fill her bladder once again.

As she sees the portal opening, she stealthily presses one of her hand to her crotch, thinking everybody else in the room is busy looking at the thing.

She can feel a damp spot on her dress already. She had leaked multiple times throughout the last hour. She could feel her cream-colored panties being absolutely wet on the front part.

When the light recedes, a man stands in front of her.

At all aspects, he looks average. Average build, average looks, average presence. Not really one you'd think will become the Hero.

The only striking aspect of him is his weird clothing.

"What the... what the hell just happened?" he said, clearly flabbergasted by his current situation.

He looks around to see him being in some sort of medieval era throne room, with a bunch of people looking at him.

First is the green-haired girl in front of him. She wears some sort of white semi-transparent sleeveless long dress. Both of her hands are pressed tightly below her abdomen. Clearly she looks nervous.

Then there is the red-haired girl whose attire immediately suggests that of a knight. Her breastplate did nothing to hide her breasts since even though it fully covers them, they still jut out from the plates easily. She also wears what seems to be a pair of black spats as her bottom.

Then there’s the blonde girl sitting on the throne. She looks somewhat older than the rest of them but she's still pretty youthful-looking. She wears an elaborate dress with a huge billowy skirt but a tight torso, making the contour of her breasts as visible as the redhead's. Her size seems to be even bigger.

The most curious thing about this, however, is how he can see digits floating above their heads. The green haired one has the highest, with 90 floating around her pretty head, while the red haired one has the second highest, with 60 firmly nestled above her head. The blonde one has the lowest, with a mere 50 to the count.

"U-um, Mr. Hero, I shall ex--"

"Ah, so this is the Hero, huh? Pretty average, if I do say so myself."

Without warning, a black portal appears above the room. And from there, a girl wearing only a tank top with a panty-like black bikini bottom appears. He notices right away how she has a tail coming out of her cute butt.

"Behold! I am one of the Four Great Demon Generals! Miss Sephia! You will all bow before my might!"

Her words lose its dramatic effect right away with how high-pitched and girlish her voice sounds.

"You! How did you...!" the redhead knight shouts.

"Easy! Easy! We have spies everywhere! Of course we won't miss out on such an important ritual like this!"

"Damn you demons! Hero, please go behind me! She's a dangerous foe!"

The knight quickly charges towards the demon girl, only for her to throw her back with a simple flick of her finger.

The knight crashes into one of the pillars in the room, letting out a gasp before pressing her tights together. Hmm, quite an odd reaction, he remarks.

However, he sees her number going down to be 55. He wonders what could that possibly mean.

And speaking of numbers, the demon girl has a 20 floating around her.

"Now, die, Hero!"

He does not have time to react. Before he knows it, the black ball the demon girl shoots at him has arrived right in front of his face.

But then, a miracle happens. The ball is repelled by an invisible force. And now the man feels an incredible power surging through him.

He does not understand what is going on. But he sure as hell can unleash that power now and kill this demon bitch.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" he shouts. The room is enveloped with a bright light that blinds everyone in it.

When the light recedes however, nothing has changed.

Everyone is still intact, including the demon girl.

However, a loud hiss suddenly echoes throughout the room. The source? The pee coming out from the green-haired girl.

"A...a..a...a..." She can only watch beet reed as her pee works its way throughout her semi-transparent dress, making it fully transparent, exposing her cream-colored panties to the world. She wants to stop but there is no way she can now.

"Ahahahahaha, how pathetic! The girl is wetting herself out of fear!" The demon girl laughs, adding to her embarrassment.

That is, until she suddenly stops while pressing both of her hands to her crotch.

"...W-what is this? Why do I suddenly want to...?" she says while blushing. "F...fine, I-I'll just kill you the next time we meet! Mark my words, Hero! Mark my words!"

She then summons her black portal back and hurriedly goes through it.

Crisis averted.

"Now, would anyone please explain what the hell is going on here?" he shouts.

He looks around. He sees the green-haired girl still standing over her own puddle, sobbing at her lost of control. He sees the red-haired girl still sitting on the floor, clenching her tights together with her hands pressed onto her crotch like her life depends on it. And she sees the blonde-haired girl, being the only one in any condition to answer him, it seems, though she can see that her face is flushed while she keeps crossing and uncrossing her tights.

"O-oh, hero, thank you for saving us from that foul demon," she says. He can tell that she is trying hard to sound regal even with her current flushed condition. "I-I shall tell you all the details, but it will have to wait for later, for now I have a-a-a little business I need to take care right away."

"Oh hell no!" he responds. "You're the one who brings me here! I demand an explanation right here right now!" he says angrily.

"P-please understand.. I-I can't--"

Her words are interrupted by another loud hiss, this time coming from the red-haired girl. And, just like the green-haired one, she wets herself just like that on the throne floor. She keeps her face down as she does the embarrassing act, no doubt feeling great shame from it.

"I-if I do not go right away, I'm afraid I will end up being just like her... I-I already had a little accident just a while ago..."

What the? So she needs to have a wee too? What the hell is going on? How is it that three girls can get desperate all at the same time?

Wait, is it something to do with that power of his? He remembers how the demon girl seems to have caught the same problem as the other girls, causing her retreat.

...The numbers! The numbers must refer to their filled bladder!

He immediately looks at the green and red haired girl to find them both having zero, while the blonde one has 83 to her. Maybe it's in percentage?

"F-fine then, i-if you need to go so badly," he replies, blushing. I-it's not like he enjoys watching girls pee themselves or anything.

"O-oh thank you, Hero! N-now, if you'll excuse me..."

The girl slowly rises up from her throne, immediately pressing her hands to her crotch to counter the increased pressure. Then, she slowly walks out of the room, fidgeting and squirming at every step.

"H-ha!" she gasps just before she reaches the doors. It seems she has leaked once again.

"H-hero...?" she looks back. "T-this is really embarrassing but can you please carry me to my room? Y-you see, my room is on the third floor and I'm afraid I-I'm not going to make it at this state." Her face is beet red while saying this, just adding to her charm.

"S-sure," he answered.

He then immediately sweeps her off her feet, bridal style. She emits a loud yelp before he feels warmth surging throughout the bottom part of the dress he's now holding.

"P-please be gentle... I-I just leaked again there..."

"I-I'll try."

Thus, he half-run half-walked towards his destination. He tries to keep his eyes to the front, not wanting to be distracted by the girl's bouncing breasts or the girl's flushed face. He feels renewed warmth a couple more times before he finally arrives at his destination.

"N-now, p-put me down. I-I shall do my business myself."

"O-of course."

He quickly leaves the room, closing the door behind him.

However, before he can really leave the vicinity, he hears that familiar loud hiss once more. This time, however, the sound seems to be echoing from a pot, which tells him that she had made it safe and sound.

And thus, that's how our omorashi hero makes his entrance, with making two girls wet themselves with two more near the edge.

