Dog for a Day

Author: SashaButters

*010*2015-11-27 04:51

“Welcome to your new home.” He said proudly opening the door to his apartment. Jen let out a bark of excitement before blushing a bit as he chuckled and ruffled her hair. “Let’s get you in the bath.” He said leading her by the hand into the bathroom after he put the rest of his purchases on the kitchen table. His apartment was the typical messy bachelor pad and it smelled strongly of his scent, but she loved it.

Jen couldn’t really understand what was happening, but she was having a harder and harder time controlling herself. Normally, she would be disgusted by the condition of this place, and by this total stranger, but somehow this new side of herself had emerged. She trusted him completely for no good reason, and had even lost all sense of modesty about ten minutes ago. She had even forgotten she was naked from the waist down as she explored the place until he mentioned it was time to get cleaned up.

###

She stood by the tub a bit awkwardly as he gently pulled her shirt off leaving her standing completely naked in his tiny bathroom. He started the faucet as water poured from the tap with a loud thunderous downpour causing her to slightly flinch. It seemed so much louder to her than it should. She hadn’t quite adjusted to her new senses yet.

“Do you want to show me how grown up you are and use the toilet while we wait for the tub to fill up?” He asked. She blushed while glancing at the porcelain bowl right beside the tub. Did she have to right in front of him? She thought it over for a second glancing nervously from him to the bowl.

“O-okay,” She said softly. Everything in this world seemed much bigger to her as she awkwardly stood in front of the toilet bowl that went up to her chest.

“Up we go!” He said as she let out a squeak of surprise as he lifted her up in the air and set her down on top of the toilet. She wasn’t sure what he thought would happen. She had just gone like five minutes ago. So she sat awkwardly on the seat as he watched expectantly as the tub continued to fill. “Oh well, we’ll try again later.” He said after a few minutes of nothing happening.

He gently lifted Jen in the air and set her in the warm bath water. The bathtub, like the toilet and everything else, was huge compared to her now small body. She could even stretch out completely and not touch the sides. He left for a second while she played in the water for a bit. She had only meant to close her eyes and relax, but there was something strange in water behind her. No matter how many times she tried to turn around and grab it, it moved away. In a burst of speed and curiosity, she swam in circles trying to get it until she heard him return and begin laughing.

“Are you trying to catch your tail?” He asked. A wide grin of amusement stretched across his face as she blushed at the realization of what she had been doing. She calmly reached behind herself and grabbed her tail with a frown. “Well, let’s try to keep the water in the tub.” She looked over the edge and realized in her haste to grab the mysterious swimming object from before, she had managed to knock about a gallon of water on the floor.

“Sorry.” She mumbled hanging her head. A hand reached out and patted her wet hair as she looked up at his smile.

“You’re so cute.” He said kneeling down besides her after toweling the floor off a bit. He retrieved a bottle of dog shampoo before squirting some in her hair and began to rub it in. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations of his hands rubbing, scratching and massaging her scalp. She knew she could give herself a bath, but it just felt too good to object to his treatment. He gently dumped a cup of the warm water on her head to wash away the suds and began soaping up a washcloth.

She had planned to speak up and protest, but as soon as the washcloth came in contact with her skin she was putty in his hands. Every gentle rub felt amazing and she came to the conclusion that her body was much more sensitive in this world. She had completely melted to his touch so much so that she didn’t even put up a fight when he began cleaning her more intimate areas for her. She had been enjoying it so much that she had completely lost track of time and the next thing she knew he was pulling the plug to the bath and picking her up out of the water.

“Did you enjoy your bath?” He asked. He lowered her onto the bathmat before taking a towel and drying her short brown hair while carefully avoiding her large floppy ears so as not to hurt them.

“Yes.” Jen shyly admitted. She stood motionlessly on the bathmat as he slowly went lower and lower with the towel drying every inch of her tiny body including her tail.

“Now stay right here, I’m going to go get you some clothes to wear.” He said bopping her nose as he left. She smiled while rubbing her nose as she waited where she was told. A minute past and then two and then five more. She began to worry when he didn’t return right away. What was taking so long? Wasn’t he just getting clothes? Why has he been gone so long? Was he hurt? Should she go looking for him? But he told her to wait right here… So many possibilities ran through her mind as she debated leaving the bathroom to go search for him.

“Sorry that took so long.” He apologized as she wagged her tail happily at his return. She didn’t understand why she had been so worried, he was just a NPC after all, but in the short amount of time she had spent with him she felt like they had bonded. He helped her into some light green panties with little paw prints all over them, along with a orange shirt and brown shorts. She felt the material with her fingers. They were thicker than normal clothes, and much better quality than the rags she had on at the pet store. The shorts and underwear even had holes for her to put her tail through.

Jen stomach growled loudly in the bathroom as it echoed off the walls. He smiled assuring her that they could start on dinner and led her by the hand to the kitchen. “Do you want some of this?” He asked holding up a bag dog food as she grimaced in disgust. It didn’t even have an anthro dog on the front. She quickly shook her head as he frowned. “The guy at the pet store told me anthro food and dog food were basically the same thing and that regular dog food would be cheaper.” She growled upon hearing this. That clerk clearly had it out for her. She was almost glad she had peed on his floor.

“Gross.” Jen managed to get out.

“Hmm, let me do some research real quick. I don’t want to give you people food and get you sick.” He said. She followed him to his computer as he typed in anthropoid dog care into the browser. He quickly skimmed through the material before finding what he was looking for and reading it aloud. “Anthropoid dogs have the ability to digest both dog and human food safely as long as there is no man made seasoning as anthros have much more sensitive taste buds. Their diets consist largely of meat, poultry, fish and grains. Although Anthros can safely digest both types of food, many dislike dog food due to the taste and texture.” She breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing that. The last thing she wanted to do was to be forced to eat dog food. She doubted he had many salad ingredients, but he should at least have rice. She waited patiently as he continued scrolling through the website on anthro care seemingly lost in thought. She pawed at his leg when he appeared worried about something.

“Oh, I’m sorry, you’re probably hungry aren’t you. I’ll finish reading later, lets have some dinner!” He got up and walked with her into the kitchen as he opened the fridge. So any wonderful aroma’s met her nose as she sniffed the air and began panting. “How does steaks sound?” He said with such enthusiasm that she wagged her tail and nodded. Wait, steaks? She was a vegetarian! Meat is murder!

“I’m a ve- veg- ve-“She stumbled trying to get the word out, before sighing in defeat. No way she could say something that long and complicated in this body. She could barely say things like, “yes” and “no”. He didn’t seemed to have heard her anyway as he hummed and pulled some meat out of the freezer before throwing in on a grill. Her eyes became as wide as saucers and her mouth began to salivate as the smells began to fill the kitchen so much that she couldn’t stand it.

“Almost done.” He said to reassure her as she sat in a chair at the table just staring and quietly whimpering. What was wrong with her? She hadn’t eaten meat in years, yet she had never wanted something as badly as she wanted that steak. After what felt like an eternity he finally set a plate of meat in front of her. “Hold on, let me get you a fork and…never mind.” He chuckled as she picked it up with her hands and sunk her teeth into it. Meat is murder…tasty tasty murder. She had never tasted anything so delicious before! She quickly scarfed it down in a matter of minutes before silently cursing herself as she watched her master with round pleading eyes as he slowly ate his portion. Once all the meat was gone and the plates were licked clean (quite literally in her case) they played together in the living room.

She had stood there resisting the urge to roll her eyes when he produced a tennis ball (how clique could he get?) but as soon as the ball left his hands she took off running after it as fast as she could and stuffed it in her mouth. He playfully tried to fight for it, but she ran away whenever he got close.

“Mine!” She had said suddenly before dropping the ball from her mouth. He picked it up and hid it behind his back as she searched all around for it as he laughed before tossing it. She took off again chasing it before crashing into a bookcase and knocking over a lamp in the process. She whimpered when he told her it was time to settle down and put the ball away. She had been having so much fun, but she had no complaints when he put a movie on and cuddled up on the couch with her with a blanket.

She had no idea how much time had actually passed in the real world, but she was aware there was a major time difference between this and reality. It reminded her of that game where you control the families. A full day was really only an hour in real time. She hoped it was like that in this world. She wasn’t ready to go back especially when he said he’d take her to the park tomorrow. If playing with a ball was this fun in his tiny little apartment, she couldn’t imagine how much fun she’d have in an open field.

“Good night, Jenny, welcome home.” He whispered as she drifted off to sleep before he got up and went to his bedroom for the night.

She wasn’t quite sure what time it was when she woke up. All she could tell was it was dark and master was nowhere to be found. She quietly whimpered as she searched the room from her place on the couch, but she was alone. She wondered what had woken her up when a familiar urgent sensation alerted her to her full bladder. She groaned into the arm of the couch, and tried to put it off as long as possible. She was comfy and it was cold, but as she tossed and turned she realized she wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep without taking care of business. She slowly sat back up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes and stretched as a familiar scent of pine greeted her. She searched the room for the source as her eyes spotted one of the puppy pads in the corner of the room spread out for her.

NO! She thought, getting up and walking towards the bathroom. She searched the hallway and frowned when she was met with three closed doors. Which one was it? She turned her head this way and that as she tried to remember which one it was. She was afraid she’d get into trouble if she opened the wrong door and accidently went into master’s room and woke him up. She stood in place for a few minutes debating what to do as she shifted from foot to foot. She’d have to just take a chance she realized as she approached the first door.

She opened it and walked inside only to be met with the laundry room. When she turned to grab the handle she misjudged the height and fell with a loud crash and she immediately darted back to the couch in the living room like a startled animal trying to avoid getting in trouble. She hid under her blanket lying perfectly still as she waited and listened to see if she had accidently awoken her master. After a minute of silence she sat up and wiggled on the couch trying her best to hold it, but it was getting more and more difficult. She sighed as looked toward the pad just sitting there waiting for her.

Sure, the car ride had been a little awkward, and she had almost died of embarrassment when her master picked up the used pad she had wet on the seat and checked to see how absorbent it had been. They were both relieved to learn it had held her full wetting, so well in fact, that they could probably even be used more than once. She sat on the couch debating her options. She could try and find the bathroom again and risk waking her master up when flushing the toilet, or she could just go right there on the mat and go back to sleep. She grumbled a bit when she realized the pine smell called out to her again making her need even more urgent.

Her human and animal side raged a silent battle inside of her. Her human mind told her to go use the toilet like a normal person. Even if she woke him up flushing, he would know she was indeed toilet trained like she said she was. It was obvious he didn’t trust her yet. Why else would he have laid out a mat on the floor for her? But that smell! Something deep inside of her wanted her to use it instead. It got to the point where she knew an accident was imminent if she didn’t hurry up and make up her mind. Quickly checking to make sure no one was coming, she tugged her short and panties down and squatted over the mat on the floor and sighed in relief as the sound of her pee splattering on the mat echoed throughout the room.

Suddenly the light flipped on when she was still mid stream as she squatted awkwardly in place as her master watched her with mild curiosity.

“Oh, I was wondering what that sound was.” He said before sitting on the couch and waited for her to finish.

She tried to stop it, but it simply kept coming out until she was completely empty. She pulled up her shorts when she was done and sat back on the couch and hung her head in shame letting a small whimper escape her lips.

“Why the long face?” He asked sitting next to her on the couch as she turned away from him. She had just been caught in a moment of weakness. She had wanted to present herself as human, yet here he had just walked in on her relieving herself on the floor like an animal.

“Not toilet.” She said.

“I don’t understand.” He said cocking his head to the side in confusion. “Looks like you found it to me.”

“Not real toilet.” She said shaking her head before pointing to herself. “Not a dog.”

“Oh, I think I understand. Are you confused about how you should act?” She nodded her head. “The website mentioned sometimes Anthros are confused as to whether or not to act like a person or a dog, is that it?” She nodded her head again. “You can act however you’re most comfortable with.” He said gently scratching behind her ears as he leaned into his shoulder. “Jenny, it’s like I said before, it’s okay to let loose and let your animal side out. You don’t have to be embarrassed about every little thing you do out of instinct. It’s just who and what you are. I put a pad out in case you had trouble making it to the toilet. You’re in a new place and thought you might not know where it was, and did you?” Jen shyly shook her head. “See, you didn’t know, so you used the pad like a good girl. It’s much easier to just throw those away instead of cleaning up an accident now, isn’t it?”

“Yes,” She said as he patted her head.

“That’s my girl.” He said. He pressed his forehead against hers for a few seconds before breaking apart. “Just be yourself, Jenny, and have fun. If you feel more like a dog one minute, than be a dog, and if you feel like a human than be a human. It doesn’t matter to me as long as you don’t pee on my furniture.” He said as she giggled. “What’s mine is yours, you don’t need to mark it. Just know you make a very cute dog.” He said before attacking her with tickles and belly rubs. It had happened so fast, but the next thing she knew she was lying on her back kicking her leg and panting happily. “C’mon, let’s go back to bed.” He picked her and her blanket up and carried her to his bedroom.

###

It was almost as if her ears and awaken before she had the next morning. One of them drifted up of it’s own accord as it listened to a strange but familiar sound coming from a different room. Once the smell hit her nose, he eyes shot open and she sat up in bed as her tail began wagging back and forth. If she thought the kitchen the night before had smelled amazing, it was nothing to waking up to the scent of frying bacon. As she dug in to a plate of bacon, sausage and eggs ten minutes later, she almost cried at the realization of what she had been missing out on for so many years. Did meat really taste this good or was it just her dog senses causing her to crave it? Either way the first thing she planned on doing when she woke up from the game was going to a drive thru and getting a burger.

“Slow down or you’re going to be stuck watching me eat again.” He said with a laugh. “Try eating with a fork, it might help slow you down.” He handed her one as she held it between her fingers. It felt a bit awkward in her hand and she dropped it a few times in her plate, but he was right. It had slowed her down considerably and she was able to savor even more of the amazing flavors and textures in her mouth.

After breakfast she went to sit on the toilet just to prove she could, but had a bit of trouble getting on it. She squeaked when she felt a pair of hands help her up and set her down. She smiled a bit shyly as she was able to go this time, although she wasn’t much of a fan of being watched. It didn’t bother her as much as she thought it would though as she was oddly much more comfortable around him than she should be. Maybe it was because she was part animal or maybe because she knew he was only an AI. If it was anyone else but him, she was sure she would probably throw a shoe at them or something.

The rest of the afternoon passed by rather quickly as she watched him attempt to clean up the apartment to make space for her. She helped him do the dishes and laundry, but when the vacuum cleaner got turned on, the loud noise had her running away and cowering in the closet. He eventually had to coax her out with a bit of sandwich meat. Finally it came time for what the both of them had been waiting for. It was time to go to the park. Jen was so excited she could hardly stand still long enough for him to attach her leash and she led the charge out the front door before he even had time to grab more than a few toys and his cell phone.

Even though she didn’t know the way her nose seemed to guide her along. It was slow going with her stopping to smell every little thing, but he was patient with her and allowed her to wander this way and that. He had to yank her back though when she tried to jump someone carrying a hamburger. “Maybe for lunch if you’re good.” He told her before apologizing profusely to the almost mugged man.

Finally they arrived to the Promised Land as Jen panted happily waiting for him to remove her leash. After making sure there were no people with food for her to attack in the vicinity, he let her loose as she ran around in circles making cute yapping sounds. She froze as he took out the ball from earlier from his pocket and tossed it lightly up before catching. After making sure she was paying attention, he threw it as far and fast as he could before she took off after it. She ran barefoot through the grass chasing after the green tennis ball as it soared in the air. She doubted she could actually run this fast in real life, but that made it all the more fun.

She was able to leap in the air and catch it in her hand before stuffing it in her mouth and running back. They repeated this for about an hour until Jen was so tired she couldn’t run around anymore, so he put the leash back on her and they walked along the path for a bit. She frowned when she realized she had to pee as she looked around for the bathroom. She spotted a grey cement building just across the way as she pulled on the leash guiding him to it.

“Toilet.” She answered when he had asked her what was wrong. He took her off the leash when they got there as she insisted she’d be fine by herself. When she stepped into the woman’s bathroom and walked into the first stall she froze in fear at what she saw. There were two other anthro-dogs already in there and they were...doing it. Her eyes went wide as she tried to back out as quickly as she could, but they had already spotted her. They asked her if she wanted to join, but she was already half way out the door.

“All better?” Her master asked as she reappeared by his side. “What’s the matter?” He asked seeing the troubled look on her face. She tried to explain what she saw as best as she could as he nodded in understanding. “It’s pretty common to see in the spring. It’s when all the anthro’s go into heat.”

“Oh.” Was all she could say as he clipped her leash back on and they continued their walk. She whimpered a little as they walked by a group of trees. She could smell all the other dogs that had previously marked them and it only aggravated her need to go. She walked with her knees closer together as they continued down the path. It seemed everywhere she looked there was a dog relieving themselves somewhere in her line of sight. She nearly lost it when she saw another anthro squatting in the bushes. She whimpered again as he caught on to her problem. She hadn’t gone in the bathroom because of the dogs mating he realized, as she seemed to walk slower and more awkwardly. He looked around for a different bathroom for her as they continued down the path, but the only thing he saw was a café and he doubted they would let her in. Even anthros were rarely allowed anywhere when they didn’t have working dog tags.

“I know you don’t want to, but you can just go out here.” He suggested once he caught her grabbing herself. “Even regular humans do it sometimes. No one would even bat an eye seeing an anthro squatting. This is the park.”

“But…” She tried to say squirming in place once they had stopped in front of a tree. Her inward desire to mark her territory wasn’t doing any favors either as she could smell all who were there before her.

“Remember what we talked about? It’s okay, Jenny, I promise. No one will even think twice.” She moaned as she squirmed looking from the tree to her owner as he motioned for her to go ahead. It was a losing battle and she knew it. She didn’t have any other options unless she wanted to walk home in wet shorts, so she went to tug her shorts down but stopped when a jogger stopped in front of them and made small talk with her owner.

“What a cute puppy!” The jogger shouted patting her head. She whimpered hoping the jogger would leave, but she just kept talking. She whimpered and danced in place as the jogger asked what was wrong.

“She still tries to fight her human side. She needs to go, but is a bit shy.” He explained as Jen whimpered, fidgeted and pulled on the leash.

“Oh it’s okay, puppy! Be a good girl and go tinkle!” She said as Jen growled and nearly snapped.

“Jenny!” Her owner said sounding a bit disappointed in her as she whimpered and hung her head. “I’m sorry, could you give her some space? She’s still new to this.” Her owner asked with a grimace as the jogger wished them the best of luck and took off running down the path. Jen whimpered and tried to fight her shorts, but couldn’t seem to undo them. “I got it.” He said pulling her shorts down for her as she squatted in front of the tree and sighed. “See? No one cares. It’s okay, Jenny.” He said as she finished up. Her wiped her with a wet wipe when she stood up making her face turn a bit red, but was glad to have that experience behind her. “Well, since you didn’t actually bite her, I guess we could stop on the way home and get hamburgers.”

“Yay!” She shouted getting her second wind.

*014*2015-11-27 15:14

{{: 

I'm liking this side-story, reminds me of Visual Novel Wanko to Kurasou

}}

That may or may not be a major influence to this story ^^

*019*2015-12-26 11:22

{{: 

Nice story! The premise is very creative. Jen's struggles to do human things while being a dog girl are cute and nicely-described. The tone of the story was more "it's ok to like weird things" the struggle focuses more on she wants to be more dog and let loose and enjoy it, vs just a dog trying to act like a human.

There is this thing that isn't necessarily a flaw but takes part of the fun out of the story for me. Stephanie/Jen is just playing a game, she knows it's a game, and she's fully aware of her real life as a human. The conflict of a dog girl trying to do things like eat human food and use human toilets doesn't mean much when we know she can just quit the game whenever she wants.

}}

Hmm, I wrote this as a more omo centric side story to The Sphere involving a very minor character Stephanie.

*021*2016-04-13 07:17

Samantha sighed with longing at the display more than ever now. Playing that damn game only made her desire worse, not better. Tom, was of course, utterly delighted with her new fixation. “Sam likes a dirty game, Sam likes a dirty game.” He would chant. At first, she tried to deny it with a shrug or a wave of her hand.

“It wasn’t terrible.” She had admitted when she first came out of the experience. In fact, it hadn’t been terrible in the slightest. It was, heaven forbid, fun. More than just fun. Thrilling even. And so…naughty.

It was a disorienting coming out of it. She felt like she had been in there for days, only to be told she was playing for just few hours. The first thing she had done was pat herself to make sure she was dry. She was, thank god. It had felt so real, she was sure she had… Some people weren’t so lucky. She couldn’t count how many times she had to disinfect the seat after the people who played were a little too sensitive.

“Peeing in a Sphere game is like peeing in a dream.” Tom explained after she had admitted she thought for sure she’d wake up wet. “It’s more common in people who are prone to bedwetting. Sphere dives are like lucid dreams. You know it’s not real, but… might as well make the most of it while you’re there.” She hadn’t thought of it like that before. She supposed they were kind of like dreams. “Nothing wrong with having a dirty dream once in a while.” He said with a wink. She blushed.

Now the guilt was starting to set in. The reason these games were even allowed to exist was for “rehabilitation” purposes. Yet she stood there judging every person who requested them. Not everyone was ready to be with a physical person. Was she even ready? She told herself many times she was. It was her duty after all. Settle down, get married, have a few kids. Repopulate. She thought of being with Tom. She shuddered. Nope, she wasn’t ready.

The Sphere had been created to help people re-adjust to socializing. The world had been silent for so long. No one needed to talk face to face anymore thanks to advances in technology. So humanity simply forgot how. With no face-to-face interaction, birth rates dropped drastically and the human race began to become extinct. So now they struggled to reverse the damage. The younger generation was being raised to speak with one another once again. Avatars were created as a way to teach social skills through games. Eroge video games were one of those tools.

Rumor was humans used to have sex for pleasure, now it was nothing more than an act out of necessity. Could it be a learned behavior? Pleasure? Could humanity learn how to feel pleasure instead of obligation? Could humans learn how to love? Could marriage be something more than just tolerating your partner?

The idea behind eroge games was, if you could awaken arousal in the Sphere for another person, you could awaken it in real life when the time came. The higher the difficulty, the more complex situations you’d find yourself in. She guessed she could see the logic in it. But why a dog? Why did she find interest in being someone’s pet? Tom said it was something called a fetish. Everyone had one apparently; it was just a matter of finding it. Having a fetish was the key to being one step closer to feeling pleasure.

Samantha knew it was important, but she had to laugh sometimes. The way people talked about finding pleasure in sex, it was like they were talking about finding true inner piece. She mentioned it to Tom once. He smirked and said it was about finding inner peace. She just groaned and rolled her eyes.

Maybe it was the way she kept staring at his image, but Tom had her pegged. She wanted to play again. Bad. It had been a week since she last logged in. She had tried to play it at home in a partial dive, but it just wasn’t the same. She wanted to feel his touch. She wanted to feel embarrassed. She wanted to feel that collar cinched tight around her neck. Her heart skipped a beat when he offered to let her play. It was another slow day- most days were since the home console came out. Not many people could afford a full dive.

She tried to play it off, but he could tell she was excited by the glow in her eyes and the way her voice rose a few octanes. She asked about work, to which he replied, “What work?” He motioned towards the empty lobby. She -not so reluctantly- agreed.

The cheery upbeat music played in her head. An image of her avatar Jen appeared with large floppy ears hanging down towards her chin. Her orange copper, colored short hair went down a little past her neck. The system asked if she’d like to change her appearance. She declined. Then it asked if she’d like to change the difficulty setting. She obliged.

She set the game to a more advanced mode. And then a different message popped up.

To get the most out of your preferred settings, we suggest turning on mature content. Would you like to turn on the mature content?

She stared at the message. What would happen if she said yes? She paused for a moment trying to decide. No, no way. She couldn’t do that! She reached her hand out to press no, but at the last second, changed her mind and hit yes. She shuddered a bit, unsure of what to expect, but at the same time filled with a nervous excitement. A new warning message popped up that wasn’t there the last time she played.

Your preferred difficulty settings have enabled chemical manipulation in order to help you get the most out of your experience. Please press okay to continue or info for more information.

Wait, the game was going to drug her? She didn’t like the sound of that. She pressed the info button.

Chemical manipulation is done by sending small electrical currents to your brain via the plug. While no drugs are being administered, chemical manipulation encourages your brain to produce excess hormones to help exaggerate your game play experience.

She supposed that was all right then. She pressed the back button followed by okay.

Thank you for playing Dog for the Day. Please enjoy your gaming experience.

Jen opened her eyes and found herself lying on her back in bed. The sun was beginning to rise and shine through the blinds of the small bedroom. She turned her head and saw her master- the non-playable character she had grown so attached to- sprawled out. She watched as his chest rose and fell with his deep even breathing. He looked so peaceful. How I wish you were real. She shook the thought out of her head. It was because he was only a NPC that she had allowed herself to grow so attached to him. She could never handle sleeping next to another person in bed. Or be touched. Or held. Or be seen peeing.

She blushed as she remembered the last time she had logged in during a full dive. She felt like she now shared a bond with him. A bond she could never share with an actual human being. Jen was beginning to see the appeal of these games. She could never have these feelings for someone in the real world.

She scooted over a little and rested her head on his chest. She scrunched up her face in confusion when she heard a strange rustling noise. She looked to him, but he was still asleep. Where had that come from? Jen shuffled her legs. There it was again. The noise was coming from under her. She lifted the blanket up. That’s when she smelled it. Pee. She flipped the blanket off of her and stared down at herself. She was lying on a puppy pad. A soaked puppy pad.

“Good morning,” a groggy voice said. She looked over at him as he smiled and ruffled her hair. Her tail wagged under her despite her situation. She leaned her head into his hand as cue for him to keep petting her. He obliged- until he saw the mess she was sitting in. He let out a sigh as she whimpered and hung her head down. “Again?”

Again? What did he mean again? This was the first time she had wet the bed in game. Even though she knew it wasn’t real, her cheeks still burned with shame and embarrassment. Her heart beat in her chest as she waited for his reaction. Eventually he just smiled and said, “What am I going to do with you?”

She relaxed, but stared down at her mess. “Sowwry.” She mumbled.

“Well, it’s a good thing I had you sleep on top of those last night.” He said. He patted her head one more time before getting up and walked over to her side of the bed. “This is the third time you’ve wet the bed though.” He pulled down her soaked shorts and panties and bundled them up with the soaked pad. “Maybe I should make you an appointment with the vet today.” She whimpered and shook her head, but her pleas went unanswered. “Well, c’mon, let’s get you in the bath.” He picked her up under her arms and carried her to the bathroom. She hugged him and rested her head on his shoulder. She wished she could stay wrapped in his arms and scent, but all too soon he set her down on the bathmat and started stripping her the rest of the way.

She flinched when the faucet was turned on. She wasn’t sure if she’d ever get used to her heightened hearing in this world. She stood off to the side waiting for the bathtub to fill when the running water made her bladder ache. What? Didn’t she pee enough in bed? She looked to him, but his back was turned, so she looked up at the large porcelain bowl and frowned. The lid was down. She was so short in this world she wondered if she could lift the lid by herself. She felt like the size of a small child and the toilet bowl went a little past her waist.

She tugged on the hem of his shirt. He looked down at her and smiled. “What’s the matter?” She tried to ask for help, but the words wouldn’t come as easily as they had in her last session. She figured it was because she had changed the difficulty setting. She pointed to the lid.

“Toi- toy-“ She tried to say.

“Hmm, you want bath toys?” He asked. She shook her head. She was beginning to feel desperate. She chalked it up to the running water. She shuffled her feet and kept pointing. “Do you need to go potty?” She nodded her head and blushed at his infantile language. He hadn’t treated her so young before, had he? She supposed she deserved it after wetting his bed three times in a row apparently.

He lifted the lid for her. He was about to help her up, but she quickly launched herself up and on. “It’s a little big, isn’t it?” He turned his back as he shut off the water.

“Yeah,” she agreed. She breathed a sigh of relief. She almost hadn’t made it in time. She relaxed and leaned back. A big mistake. She yelped and whimpered as she felt herself fall in. He turned back around to find her stuck, legs and elbows the only things keeping her from contact with the water.

He quickly grabbed her and held her in his arms. She whimpered as her body trembled. “Aw, you poor thing. You’re shaking. It’s okay; I’ve got you. Did that scare you?”

“Y-yes.” She whimpered. It was silly, she knew, but her heart hammered inside her chest. It was like she had never felt so scared in her life. So what if her butt got a little wet?

“It’s okay, I get scared when I fall too. Even when I just feel like I’m falling.” He explained as he rubbed her back. “Sometimes right when I’m about to fall asleep, my body will jump and it feels like I’m falling. It’s scary.” She nodded her head. For a NPC, he sure knew a lot about the little things. “I’m going to put you in the water now, okay?”

“Okay,” she squeaked. He set her down in the warm bath water where she finally settled down.

He chuckled when he poured a cup of warm water over her head while she lapped up the water cascading down her face. She regretted doing the same when he rinsed the suds out of her hair. Jen made a displeased face as she tried to scrape the taste out of her mouth.

“We need to go shopping today. I’ll try and find you something to help with the toilet situation. In the mean time, go ahead and use the pads. I don’t want you falling in and getting hurt.” He said. He put a towel on her head and began to dry her hair, but when he lifted the towel away, he was greeted with large orange eyes giving him the puppy dog stare. He chuckled, tapped her on the nose, and got her dressed.

Breakfast was amazing as usual. He made her a whole plate of meat and she didn’t feel the least bit remorseful for the animal critters she was ingesting. Since it wasn’t real, she figured it was okay. Once again, she inhaled her food and was left staring at her owner enjoying his. He shook his head and grinned when he saw her pleading, desperate gaze.

After the dishes were done, and he was showered and dressed, he announced it was time to go. Her tail wagged back and forth in a flurry of excitement at the prospect of riding in the car. Her excitement only grew when he cinched her purple bedazzled collar around her neck. And then she felt…funny. She starred off into space as she ran her finger along the faux leather. He seemed to pick up on her change of attitude.

“You alright?” His large green eyes were full of concern.

“Yeah,” she answered after a moment of hesitation. She snapped herself out of her daze and smiled.

“Just making sure.” He said giving her a pat on her head. There it was again. How strange. He frowned and mumbled something about making an appointment, but all she noticed was his hand on her head. It felt…better than usual. She closed the gap between them and hugged onto his leg. “You’re acting a bit odd, you sure you’re okay?” She nodded her head as he rubbed her back. It felt so good; she wanted to be rubbed more. If she were a cat she’d be purring like an engine. She blushed when a strange yap escaped her lips. She broke apart as her senses returned. Maybe she was enjoying this a little too much.

“If you’re sure you’re okay.” He said. He took a few steps towards the door before stopping to ponder something. “Before you get in my car, please try going potty.”

Her face flushed as she remembered the last time she rode in his car. She had gotten a little too excited and leaked. She nodded her head in agreement and began walking towards the bathroom, but froze when he called after her. “Use the pad until we figure out the toilet situation.” She pouted, but he remained unmoved. She stared at the white mat in the corner of the room in distaste, but the scent of pine beckoned her forward.

She figured she’d compromise and move it behind the coffee table for some privacy, but when she tugged on the mat it wouldn’t budge. There was adhesive on the backside and her little arms couldn’t pull it up.

Her saw her trying to move the mat. “Go, Jenny,” he said.

She scowled. The pine scent was wrecking havoc on her. The animal side of her was coming out. She needed to own that matt. There was only one way to do it. Jen looked down as she felt her shorts growing warm.

She squeaked and crossed her legs. Why? She hadn’t had to go that bad! She grabbed at her crotch and doubled over. He came over to see what the problem was. He moved her hands and quickly pulled her shorts down for her, but the damage was already done. Jen squatted over the matt to finish, but her shorts had caught most of it. He didn’t say anything to her, but she heard him talking on the phone a few minutes later.

When he came back out, he held a wet rag in his hands along with another pair of shorts and undies. He helped her clean up while she hung her head down in shame. “We’re going to make a pit stop on the way to the store.” He didn’t say anything more. He didn’t have to. She knew he was taking her to the vet.

The car ride passed in silence. She didn’t really understand why she felt so anxious. Much more so than she would if she were going to see her regular physician. She chalked it up to fear of the unknown- until she remembered the warning about chemical manipulation. The game was playing with her emotions. She tried to remind herself she could log out any time she wanted to, but she knew she didn’t want to. She wanted to see where this would go.

She smiled when he attached her leash to the collar and walked her inside. Even if it was silly, she felt a little bit of pride being his dog. It was as if she was showing him off on the other end of the leash.

The first thing she noticed when they walked through the door was the smell. The scent of every animal, past and present, that had been here lingered in the lobby. She felt the need to sniff every chair and every person sitting in them before he guided her over to the front desk.

The lobby was loud. She could hear several voices talking amongst themselves. When he finished the paperwork he led towards a group of free chairs. She looked around and that’s when she noticed it. She could hear voices, but the people were silent. What she heard were the animals. How cool, she thought. She hadn’t realized she could speak to the animals in the game.

She glanced around the room taking in the sights, sounds, and smells. Her tongue hung out her mouth as she panted. To her left was a rather large woman with a tiny teacup Chihuahua trembling in her lap. The dog was dressed in the most ridiculous outfit she had ever seen complete with red skirt and beads to match its owner’s outfit. It had a miserable look on its face. “Kill me now.” It grumbled.

She smiled sympathetically as she sat in the plastic chair, kicking her dangling legs in the air as a way of displacing her anxiety. She watched her legs and wondered when the last time she was able to sit in a chair and not touch the ground with her feet. It had to have been 10 to 12 years at least.

Jenny looked up when she heard the front door open. In walked a man who appeared to be in his mid 40’s with a grey newspaper boy hat and thick mustache. He carried in his arms a black crate with many holes in it and sat down beside her after checking in at the front desk. She moved her head a bit closer and peeked into the dark crate through the holes. A small pair of green eyes met her curious glance followed by a hiss. Before she could stop herself, a low growl emanated from deep inside her chest. The man with the box quickly moved the crate to his other side and gave her a sharp glare.

“Be nice,” Jenny’s master said. She hung her head and whimpered. He patted her hair as a way to say all was well. Jenny went back to kicking her legs while stealing occasional glances at the hunched up fur ball inside the crate.

Whimpering filled the room as a lady came in dragging a very distressed German Shepherd by the leash. She appeared to be struggling as tried to pull him in with both hands. The large dog wasn’t having it. He dug his paws into the ground and tried to grab onto anything he could to prevent himself from being pulled in. “No, please! Don’t do it!” The dog begged in a voice only Jenny could understand. “I promise, I’ll never look at another female again! Please don’t chop them off!”

“Jenny and Jeremy.” Another voice called out, stealing Jen’s attention away from the fighting dog.

“That’s us.” He said standing up. She wondered who Jeremy was for a second until she realized that was her master. She remained frozen in her seat. “It’ll be okay; I promise.” He coaxed, but Jenny remained paralyzed. He picked her up and carried her towards the back as she buried her face into his neck.

“Looks like we have a shy one.” The voice from before said. She peeked her head out from the crook of his neck to see a young man in his twenties dressed in green scrubs. The vet tech motioned for Jeremy to set her down on the scale. After he got her weight, he had her stand up as tall as she could against the wall as something came down on top of her head. He marked down her measurements on his tablet before motioning for them to follow him.

He led them into the second examination room while Jeremy set her down on a cold metal table. “Now I just need to get her temperature,” He said. Jenny stretched out her arm so he could scan her chip, but instead he came towards her with a strange looking device. “Open your mouth, please.” She did as he said while he stuck something metal under her tongue.

It felt odd and uncomfortable. She wondered how long she’d have to wait, until finally it beeped. He pulled it out of her mouth and scowled. “Sorry, it didn’t work. I have to do it again.” He put the object back under her tongue and again it displayed an error message. And again. And again. “I’m sorry, it looks like the anthro thermometers broken. Let me go ask the vet what he wants to do. Might have to use the regular dog thermometer.”

“I hope not.” Jeremy said with a frown after the tech left. He turned to her and said, “I’m sorry about this, Jenny. I’ll try and get you out of this, but if worse comes to worse, will you promise to be a brave girl?” She didn’t like the sound if this one bit.

The vet tech came back a few seconds later, apologized, and announced he’d have to use the dog thermometer.

“Can you just not take her temperature?” Jeremy asked. The tech shook his head and explained the vet needed it in order to make a proper diagnosis. She didn’t like how serious her master looked right now. She let out a whine, unsure what was going on.

He positioned her on the table in the doggy down position, with her head and arms down in front of her and her butt high in the air as she sat on her knees. It wasn’t until she felt the back of her shorts getting pulled down did she realize what was going on. That’s when she tried to make a break for it. She hopped off the table while the tech was lubricating the thermometer and made a mad dash out the door.

“WE GOT A RUNNER!” She heard yelled behind her. She tried to run into the lobby, but found her way blocked by the secretary. She turned and tried to hide in one of the rooms when she found her master behind her not looking pleased. He knelt down in front of her. She was about to yell log out, but his words made her stop.

“If you get this over with, we’ll go get a hamburger later.”

Was he seriously trying to bribe her with food? How dumb did he think she was?

“A hamburger with bacon on it. Lot’s of bacon.”

###

“Now was that so bad?” The vet tech asked as he removed the thermometer from her bottom. She whimpered and nodded her head as she squeezed Jeremy’s hands.

“You did good! It’s all over now!” He said pressing his forehead against hers. “You feel a little warm.”

“She’s running a slight fever.” The tech said while tossing his gloves in the trash. Jeremy made a pouty face at her before giving her a hug. She sniffled and threw her arms around him. “Uh-oh, let me get a rag.” He said. They both looked to find the table covered in urine. She whimpered again in embarrassment. “It’s okay, it happens.” He said. “At least your shorts were off.”

When the vet came in, he introduced himself and began asking Jeremy questions. He tried to explain the situation as best he could. Unknown to Jenny, her character had been having several accidents lately. Daytime and night. Along with seeming out of sorts and distracted, he thought it best to have her get a check up. The vet nodded his head and listened before asking more questions.

“Had she already had all of her shots?” She was relieved to find the answer a yes. “Has she been fixed?”

Jeremy shook his head, before explaining she was too young. She breathed a sigh of relief as she imagined Jeremy pulling her by the leash while she dug into the floor like that German Shepard from earlier. He asked how old she was, to which he replied, “four months.” And then the examination came.

He looked in her ears, and the back of her throat. He listened to her heart and felt her joints. And then he started examining things a little further south. She growled when she felt a hand touch her down below. He then gave her a clean bill of health.

“Then what’s causing the problems?” Jeremy asked.

“All perfectly normal symptoms for a puppy about to go into heat.”

The look on Jeremy’s face explained it all. He hadn’t been expecting it either. “I thought dogs didn’t go into heat until 6 months -especially anthro’s.”

“Smaller breeds can start around 4 months, but yes, she’s an early bloomer. All the signs are there though. Increased urination, spaced out behavior, mild fever, swollen vu-“

“So what do we do about it?” Jeremy asked cutting him off. He seemed about as reluctant to talk about her lady parts as she was.

“Well, if the wettings are persistent, I’d suggest getting some puppy pants. They’re like the pads, but she can wear them underneath her clothes and pull them up and down. They especially help with the discharge. Now it’s important not to breed her with other dogs until at least her third cycle. If symptoms become unmanageable for her until then, you can do one of several options. You can teach her how to relieve herself, you can give her medicine to help temporarily suppress her urges, or you can help relieve her urges yourself.”

And there’s the mature content, Jenny thought with a sigh.
