Advice for writing: Hints and Tips

Author: rod

*000*2013-11-10 12:04

Hello, So I have never written a story before but I have thought about it and I do have ideas but when it comes to it my story's usually suck. so I was wondering if anyone had any advice or writing tips that you could give me and anyone else that looks at this thread. For me it is usually how to introduce things. I am good at explaining the situation but rubbish at character development and even just dialogue. I write way to much he said, she said, or (name) said and it really annoys me and I would guess it would anyone who read anything. The reason I started this now is because I have read a couple of stories recently where people have given really good advice in the reply to it but I wanted to kind of create a thread where people could talk about it in one place and hopefully pull all the goodness together.

I wasn't sure whether to put this in the general topic area or in here so If it is the wrong place then please move it to the correct one.

*003*2013-11-10 18:34

Thank you that is some good advice, well a lot of good advice. and I will check out the book. I had never really thought about it but It is easier to write bits and then stick them together because at least you have some idea of what the two bits are so thank you. it is always hard to think of what could happen next but then if you have what happens next and just need to join them it seemed easier even just the bits I did to see. I would guess as long as both the main bits are good then it doesn't matter as much about the middle?. so thank you I will try writing in that style.

