Skyward Sword - Desperate Boss Battle

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2013-06-21 01:48

Another Legend of Zelda omo! I am really only into male desperation, and I find this site is rather....lacking in that department. So I thought I would fix that with some male omo of my own. I hope you guys like it!

###

Link made his way through the Earth Temple, anxious to be finished with it. He really wanted to find where Zelda was, but he was more eager to find a suitable place for him to relieve his full bladder. The Earth Temple was located inside a volcano and therefore had a lot of lava in it. It was very hot, and Link had been drinking lots of water so he wouldn't get dehydrated. He had sweated quite a bit of it back out, but most of it had gone straight to his bladder.

“Master,” Fi said, “I detect a 90% chance that Zelda was bound by this chain.” Link moved his attention from his bladder to a chain that was coiled on the ground nearby. “I suggest you continue into the room ahead of you.”

Link did as Fi suggested and fit the boss key into the boss door and went inside, wanting to get all of this over with quickly. Much to Link's displeasure, Girahim was there waiting for him. He was pretty angry, so he sent a giant flaming rock with legs to go after Link. Link had a bit of trouble fighting it, finding it a bit difficult to concentrate on anything but his full bladder, but he finally finished it off and waited for the door on the other side of the room to open up. It didn't.

“You thought you'd finish that quickly, did you boy?” Girahim was back. He was holding a length of rope and a jar of clear liquid. Before Link had time to react, Girahim had disarmed him, throwing his sword and shield to the other side of the room, and tied him up.

“Your little friend is long gone. But before I go after her again, I thought I'd vent some of my frustration on you.” Link fidgeted, his bladder well on its way to filling up to its full capacity. Girahim laughed. “Are you scared little boy? Or do you just...have something to take care of?” He shook the jar of liquid in front of Link's face. Link looked away and pressed his thighs together. Girahim grabbed Link's jaw, forced his mouth open, and forced the liquid down Link's throat. Link had no choice but to swallow. It tasted like water. And Link was thirsty anyway.

Why would Girahim tie me up just to give me a drink of water? Link thought.

The answer became clear about five minutes later when Link's bladder began filling up unnaturally fast. He squirmed, desperately trying to hold back the building flood.

“I'm going to watch you suffer and humiliate yourself.” Girahim said, sitting himself down right in front of Link. “The question is....how long will my entertainment last? I do hope you'll last for a little while at least....Though the water I just gave you may cause you to lose control sooner.” he grinned. Link squirmed and blushed. He couldn't use his hands to add external pressure to help hold back the flood, they were tied behind his back. He couldn't cross his legs either. He could only press his thighs together and squirm until he inevitably wet himself. Link looked down, blushing in humiliation. It had been years since he'd had an accident, he couldn't have one now! He was a hero! Heros didn't pee themselves!

Perhaps I'm not a hero... Link thought to himself five minutes later. He was squirming constantly and on the edge of losing control. His bladder felt like it was far past simply “full” and in the “about to burst” range. Link squirmed and fidgeted and tried to get free from the ropes binding him, but he knew it was no use. He should just give up and pee himself now to get the humiliation over with.

Link took a deep breath, stopped fidgeting, and relaxed him muscles. Urine flooded into his pants, quickly beginning to soak them. He was beginning to feel the euphoria of relief when Girahim slapped him.

“Stop it! I know you aren't at your limit yet. Your bladder can't possibly be that small.” Grimacing, Link clenched every muscle in his pelvic area to stop his bladder from emptying. The flow of urine slowed, then stopped completely except for the occasional dribble that slipped out.

It was even harder to hold his urine now that he had started going, and he squirmed and fidgeted even more than before. He knew he had only emptied about a quarter of what was in his bladder, and the rest was still trying to get free. Now he would last even longer before his bladder gave up on him, and it would be very uncomfortable and more difficult to hold it sitting in wet pants.

To Link's horror, Girahim forced him to drink more water and another jar of the stuff that made his bladder fill so quickly. Five jars of water later, Link felt like he was going to throw up because of his stomach full of water and bursting bladder. But the water quickly made it's way out of Link's stomach, through his bloodstream, and eventually into his bladder.

Link began tearing up, feeling his bladder scream for relief and leak every minute or so into his wet pants. A puddle was beginning to form around his butt even though he wasn't even close to empty. Girahim laughed in amusement while Link squirmed. The wet patch on the front of Link's pants was very large now, and growing slowly.

The leaks grew more frequent and lasted longer. Link groaned, trying to stop a particularly strong leak. His bladder was stretched and painful. It throbbed and spasmed when he finally stopped the 15-second long leak. Link's breathing was quick and shallow. He was panicking now. He was going to lose is completely any second now, and then what? Would Girahim just force more water into him and wait until Link got desperate again? Link hoped not...He was in a lot of pain now from his bladder...what if it literally exploded? He had never heard of such a thing happening, but it sure felt like his bladder was going to burst into a thousand pieces.

Link's bladder spasmed painfully and contracted, causing Link to gasp in pain and squeeze his thighs together. But it was no use. His muscles were weak from holding back so much pee and they finally failed. Urine jetted out of his penis at full force, sending the liquid down his legs and soaking his pants completely. The puddle grew around him while his bladder released, spreading past his boots. He couldn't help but let out a loud moan of pleasure as he felt the euphoria of finally relieving himself after being so desperate. It felt amazing, but was mingled with the shame and embarrassment of flooding his pants right in front of Girahim.

At long last, Link's bladder was empty. He closed his eyes, feeling very relaxed. He was trembling slightly from being so tense a minute ago, but he felt good. Link forced a few more drops of urine out of his bladder, not noticing that right in front of him, Girahim was holding another jar of water.

*007*2013-06-30 17:11

I've never played Kid Icarus, but I could do a bit of research and maybe write an omo about Pit. I have played Super Smash Brothers BRAWL so I know a little bit about him...

*010*2013-07-26 02:53

{{: 

Master, there is a 98% chance that you are wetting yourself right now. I suggest we get you to a bathroom as soon as possible. Oh, and your Wiimote is about to die.

}}

XD Oh my gosh so true lol. I love and hate Fi.

*011*2013-07-26 15:30

Does anyone think I should add another chapter for this? Maybe from Fi's perspective like a few of you suggested?

