Kirsty, the Stop and Go sign girl

Author: Barry

*000*2020-07-20 10:19

There was no doubt about it, Autumn had arrived, and was starting to finally sink its fangs into the dwindling remains of summer. Although it had been unseasonably warm lately, today was proof that the long warm days were nearing an end. Although it wasn’t cold as such, it was definitely cooler, helped along by a gusty, chilly, somewhat damp wind from the north. The sky boiled with heavy dark clouds, providing an ironclad guarantee that there would definitely be some rain before the day was over.

This didn’t bother Kirsty Cameron in the slightest though, as she was definitely enjoying her first full time job after leaving school, even though she was working outside.

Standing at 5’10” tall, and being of a rather solid build, her dark brown hair tied back in a simple, no-nonsense ponytail, Kirsty could feel a sheen of sweat quickly cooling on her forehead, helped along by the cool breeze, as she bent over the broom, and quickly swept away the dirt and debris from the road and into a growing pile near the curb.

Kirsty had always been a little bit different to other girls her own age, her mother affectionately calling her “Her Own Little Tomboy,” which was ironic, considering that Kirsty now stood taller than the lady making the statement.

But ever since she had learned to walk, Kirsty had been more interested in more traditional “Manly” pursuits, like playing with toy cars, watching football and car racing, recklessly riding her skateboard or BMX, and wearing pants instead of skirts or dresses. So no one was completely surprised that after leaving school, Kirsty had decided that she wanted to do manual work, outside, using her hands.

Getting the job with the road crew had been a dream come true. She was working outside, doing all sorts of manual labour, and learning all the time. So far, she had earned her Blue and White cards, a First Aid certificate, forklift and light truck license, and a horticultural certificate, not to mention her latest achievement, passing her Traffic Management course. To most girls her age it probably didn’t sound exciting, but now she could use the Stop/Go sign and two-way radio, which meant her pay grade had gone up another level yet again. Eventually, she hoped to be trained in using the heavy equipment, like the excavators, rollers, and dump trucks, perhaps even becoming a supervisor or manager some day.

But for now, she was happy. She was doing a job she loved, working outside, earning good money, and learning new skills along the way. Just then, another reason she loved her job rolled slowly past, the handsome, muscled, tattooed Jacob, who waved and gave a cheeky grin as he trundled past on the heavy roller.

God. He was so hot!

She grinned foolishly to herself. Jacob had been shyly starting to flirt with her over the past week or so, whenever they got rostered onto the same crew. It was cute. He was such a big, tough looking guy with his full sleeve tattoos and dreadlocks, but he was obviously a bit shy, and blushed easily whenever he spoke to her.

Up until recently, most of her jobs had been working on garden beds, or litter collection, but as she continued to gain experience, her role was expanding. Today, she was working for the first time on a road widening project, which was a big step up from planting flowers or picking up rubbish. So far, most of her tasks had been menial, like sweeping or digging, but she was hoping she might get the chance to eventually put her traffic management skills to work.

Taking a break from the broom, Kirsty checked her watch. 2.30pm. Two hours to go. She reached for her water bottle and drank deeply, draining it dry. She certainly did drink a lot doing this physical labouring. Already today she had consumed two energy drinks, a large coffee over lunch, and now she had finished her water bottle, which held over a litre of water, and she was still thirsty.

The sky was continuing to darken, as the wind picked up, and the temperature dropped another couple of degrees, causing the girl to shiver. At this rate, she would be donning her wet weather gear shortly, which would probably help keep her warm if nothing else. Just then, she heard her name being called out, and she turned, seeing the site supervisor Steve waving her over, so she hurried over to see what he wanted. Apparently, he wanted to introduce her to a man wearing a suit and tie, complete with the compulsory high-vis vest over it, and carrying a clipboard.

“Kirsty,-Tom, Tom,-Kirsty,” Steve said, by way of introduction, pausing whilst they shook hands.

“Tom is our Regional Manager Kirst. He’s called in to do an assessment, and you’re on his list! Lucky you!”

They all shared a polite laugh at that, although Kirsty couldn’t help but raise a slightly nervous look in Toms direction.

“So Kirsty, you’ve recently completed your traffic management course, correct?”

She nodded, unsure as to what was happening.

He continued. “Well, I’m doing the rounds of all the crews, and assessing how the recent graduates are doing, and now it’s your turn. Steve has agreed to put you on Sign Duty for awhile, just so we can get an idea of your compenentcy level. You’re starting to get quite a few accreditation’s, aren’t you? At this rate, we may be looking to further utilise your experience at a higher level.”

Kirsty grinned. This was exactly what she’d been hoping for at some stage, but she hadn’t thought that a possible promotion would be coming in the immediate future! She was absolutely stoked by this news!

Steve saw her grin, and chuckled. He liked Kirsty, and knew she was one of his more dedicated workers, and had been putting in a quiet word to his immediate supervisors on her behalf, and he was just as excited for her as what she was.

“Ok Kirst. You’ll go on Stop/Go shortly. But I think you might want to go put your wet weather gear on first. It’s going to piss down shortly. Hurry up and get dressed, Terry is about due for a break. You can take his sign.”

“Thanks Steve, and you too Tom,” she said, trying not to sound too excited or nervous. “I won’t let you down!”

Kirsty hurried over to the portable site office that they used for a lunch room off the side of the road, just as a big gust of cold wind blew, and the first spots of rain began to fall. Once inside, she grabbed her work bag, and quickly dug her wet weather gear out. She had a pair of bright orange high visibility waterproof nylon pants, and a matching waterproof padded jacket with a built in hood, both of which were designed to be worn over the top of her existing clothes, and always reminded her of a ski suit somehow.

Kirsty sat down to undo her steel capped boots, and suddenly became aware of how full her bladder was. She undid the laces, and toed the boots off, using her feet, which were encased in thick white tube socks. That might seem a bit unusual, but they were warm and comfortable, and prevented the steel cap boots from hurting her feet. She took a quick moment to stretch her legs, and wiggle her toes, which were happy to be free of their steel prison for a short time at least. She stood up, and padded to the fridge, where she took a half litre bottle of cold water, which she chugged half down without any hesitation.

As she put the bottle down on the table, she felt her bladder twitch a bit, and found herself pressing her thighs quickly together, as one socked foot found its way on top of the other one.

Man. She really needed to pee!

Ugh. She shuddered, remembering her last trip to the portable toilet earlier in the day. Apparently the guys on the crew hadn’t quite got the idea of “aiming” properly, and the toilet had been disgusting, to say the least.

Suddenly, rain could be heard pattering upon the tin roof, and she considered her options. She really SHOULD go to the toilet before putting her wet weather gear on, as that made it another difficult layer to take off in the cramped confines of the portable toilet, but that also meant putting her boots back on first before she went, which was an obvious delay, especially with everyone waiting for her. Especially with Terry waiting for his break. Terry was a nice guy, but a habitual complainer, and would no doubt begin complaining loudly if she didn’t relieve him on time, and she certainly didn’t want Tom to see or hear that!

Screw it. There was only two hours to go, which included packing up, which took an hour. She could easily wait an hour, then nip to the loo during the cleanup.

Kirsty knew that the elastic leg bands on her waterproof outer pants always made her work trousers ride up, so she tucked them into her socks, taking a second to smile at her reflection in the mirror. She looked ridiculous, with her long sleeve shirt buttoned up, and her thick work trousers tucked into her knee high white socks, with the red and blue stripes around the top. Originally, her trousers had been dark blue, but after many washes and much sunlight, they had faded to an almost grey colour in places, especially across the front of her thighs. Not wanting to waste any time, she slid her socked feet into the waterproof trousers, and added the puffy orange jacket, then put her boots back on. After pausing to drink the last of her water, she donned her gloves, and headed outside to take the sign from Terry.

As she stepped out, a strong gust of cold wind slapped her in the face, along with a few raindrops, and she felt her pee hole twitch a bit with the shock. The young girl almost reconsidered her plan of going to the toilet later, but as she turned in that direction, she saw three things. First, “Fat Tony” was exiting the porta loo, buckling his pants up as he stepped down. No doubt that would make the toilet quite uninhabitable for many minutes at least. Second, she saw Terry looking at his watch, then at Tom, obviously waiting impatiently to take his break. Thirdly, she saw Tom and Steve, still talking together, and glancing in her direction, waiting for her to take over.

No. She would definitely have to wait until later before she peed.

Kirsty hurried towards Terry, waiting for him to turn the sign to “Stop,” before she took it from him almost reverently, then he passed her the two-way.

“Good luck Kirst,” he said with a grin. “Radios tuned in. Mandys on the other end, so don’t you girls start gossiping, alright?” He winked, she gave a polite chuckle, and took over.

“Hi Mandy. Kirsty here. Terry’s gone on break,” she spoke into the radio, and got an immediate acknowledgment, and more good luck wishes.”

Two minutes later, she was in the zone.

“I’m on stop,” the radio crackled. “Last two cars are a white hatch and a blue wagon.”

“Roger that,” Kirsty replied, watching carefully for those vehicles to pass, then turning her sign to “Go.”

Two minutes later again, and she switched to “Stop,” halting traffic, and reporting via the radio to Mandy that a truck and motorcycle where the last vehicles through.

It might seem like a menial job, but it was vitally important. People could be literally killed if she messed it up, and she was concentrating hard, watching every vehicle as it approached and passed, and occasionally glancing at her bosses, who were monitoring her from the side.

Suddenly, it began to rain harder, and the wind picked up, as the temperature dropped.

Kirsty was on “Stop,” and suddenly realised that she was starting to clamp her thighs together, and occasionally lift her heels up. It wasn’t exactly a “Potty Dance,” but surely anyone sitting in the stopped line of traffic would be able to tell that she needed to go!

She focused her thoughts on her bladder, and found it to be feeling really full and heavy, almost like a lead weight in her abdomen. Every now and then her pee hole would start twitching, almost vibrating, and Kirsty knew she was quickly building up to a level of pee desperation that she had never encountered before.

Still, she wasn’t overly concerned. She had a bladder of steel, and excellent control. She hadn’t wet her pants since she was eight years old, and didn’t intend to start doing so now! After getting the all clear, she turned the sign, and let the traffic flow.

Ugh. Flow. Why even think of that word? She had other things that she wanted to “let flow” instead!

Kirsty couldn’t help it. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, and kind of leaned forward a bit, trying to find a position that might take some pressure off her aching bladder. The urge to plant a hand in her crotch and squeeze, to hold on and dance around, was intense. She found herself starting to rub a hand across her lower belly, as her feet began to jiggle, but she couldn’t help it.

Suddenly, the big heavy roller came slowly trundling towards her in the new lane they were building, and she could make out Jacobs grinning features from behind the rain streaked windshield. She forced herself to stand up straight and stop wriggling, as she would hate for him to see her trapped, and bursting to use the toilet. He stopped at the end of the compacted dirt, gave her a cheeky thumbs up, the started rolling away again.

As she watched, a trickle of cold rainwater ran off her hood, and somehow fell inside both her jacket and shirt, and snaked its way down between her breasts.

The sudden cold chill made her jump a bit, and she squeezed the sign tightly, as she felt a slight trickle of warmth against the crotch of her pants. She had leaked.

She almost became unstuck straight away, but didn’t have time to think about it. She had to turn the sign to “Go,” and let the traffic through, keeping an eye on the cars as the passed.

“At least they’re not sitting there watching how desperate I am,” she thought with a bit of relief. But it was only a bittersweet feeling, as the slight warmth between her legs was a reminder that she had actually wet herself a little bit.

Kirsty checked her watch. Surely pack-up time was fast approaching. But to her amazement, she saw that only twenty minutes had passed, and she still had at least half an hour to go, perhaps even longer.

The next wave of pure desperation hit her a few minutes later. She was on “Go,” and the traffic was moving slowly but steadily passed her. Suddenly, with no prior warning, her bladder spasmed a bit, and this time it wasn’t a little leak that escaped, but a dribble, that went for a few seconds.

Kirsty gritted her teeth, and squeezed both the sign and her abdominal muscles as tightly as she could, but she couldn’t stop it straight away. She was aware of a slowly spreading warmth against her crotch, and even worse, on her legs, especially her inner thighs. For Gods sake, it just didn’t want to stop.

Although she was painfully aware of trying not to do a potty dance in front of everybody, she could feel her thighs getting warm and wet, and she clamped them together as tightly as she could, and after a few seconds, the spreading warmth stopped, but she was very wet.

The worst part was, she now needed to go even worse than before. Now her tired and aching bladder had felt the first signs of imminent relief, her body was craving it. Her private area was literally throbbing, and with each pulse she could feel her hot, wet panties cupping her sex. Another pulse, and another slight dribble of fresh warmth, and she knew it was way too late to salvage anything but her dignity.

“Two white sedans,” she muttered into the radio, before turning the sign to stop, letting the other operator know what was coming last.

Just then, the rain picked up, now coming down in a light but constant drizzle, and she wiped a hand across her face, unsure if the water there was rain or sweat. Looking around, she saw Tom and Steve had moved away, now standing together under cover, and Jacob was still down the far end of the newly packed section of road. Apart from the traffic that was awaiting clearance from her, she was alone, and her poor bladder was literally about to completely fail.

Kirsty gave up. She knew what she had to do.

She opened her legs ever so slightly, and let go. At first, nothing happened. Years of not wetting herself had formed a habit that was hard to break, and even though her pants were already wet with her own pee, and she was desperate to go, the relief that she sought wasn’t just going to automatically happen.

Kirsty gritted her teeth, and her hand tightened on the sign, as she gave a slight push, and she was instantly rewarded with the most explosive feeling of relief that she had ever felt, as a tsunami of fresh wet heat exploded from her nether regions, completely coating and soaking not only her sex, but the front and back of her thick work trousers at the same time. The heat ran down her legs, and only increased in quantity, and suddenly she could feel her feet getting wet inside her boots. She looked down, and could see tiny rivulets of pee running freely from the elastic leg bands of her waterproof over pants, splashing merrily into the puddle that she was standing in.

At least she had those pants on, she thought to herself, as they didn’t show the huge potty accident that was occurring underneath them, and she shuddered, both with relief and nervousness, as her body temperature rapidly changed with her pent up urine escaping.

The rest of her shift on sign duty was less eventful and short lived, as the work crew began to pack up, and twenty minutes later she was finished. It was such a strange sensation she was feeling. Her legs, crotch, and feet were cooling down, although not too much, as her wet weather pants trapped the heat, but she did feel sticky and uncomfortable, and more than a little bit dirty.

Tom and Steve beckoned her over to heap praise on her, telling her what a fine job she’d done, and as she was talking to them, she was distracted by the feeling of perhaps needing to pee a bit more. Apparently her bladder hadn’t completely emptied itself, and now she was so wet down there, it was beginning to protest again, this time demanding a complete draining.

As she helped tidy up, she decided against using the porta loo. Her double layer of wet pants would be sticking tightly to her, and she didn’t fancy trying to pull them down in the dirty little toilet. Besides, she was already saturated, and about to knock off and go home, so it would be easier to just finish peeing in her pants.

After saying goodbye to her colleagues, she sauntered over to where her car was parked, opened her legs, and gave another push. This time, it came easier, and she was instantly rewarded with a fresh wave of spreading warmth, and it felt different, almost enjoyable. Looking down, she was again rewarded by the sight of miniature waterfalls trickling over the sides of her boots as her feet got suddenly warm again, and her toes curled up in their thick, sodden socks. She shivered again, but this time with pleasure instead of nerves, actually enjoying the sensation this time.

“Hey Kirsty! What’s up?”

Jacob was sauntering towards her, but thankfully from the other side of the car. She still jumped at hearing her name called while mid-pee, and couldn’t stop now if her life depended on it.

Jacob was grinning. “You okay Kirst? You look worried?”

She was worried. She was still peeing, and it felt like her pants and socks were completely drenched, but there was nothing she could do about it but smile.

“Hi Jake. Nah. I’m good. I was just kinda off with the fairies I suppose.”

He looked nervous. “I, uh, was wondering if you might like to go to the movies tonight? You know, if you don’t have anything better to do? Of course I completely understand if you do, and..”

As the last of her pee dripped out onto the ground, she suppressed another shiver, a combination of nerves mixed with changing body temperature, but she mustered a brave face.

“I’d love to go,” she said. But I’ll have to go home and have a shower first though.”

He grinned. “Yeah. I’ll bet. You got pretty wet today, didn’t you?”

She was shocked. Did he know? Had he seen her wetting herself?

“I, uh, what do you mean?”

His look became puzzled.

“Huh? You were standing in the rain for an hour? You must be drenched...”

She gave a relieved sigh. “Oh! Yeah. I’m actually wet through I think, even with the waterproof gear on.”

“I guessed that,” he said with a chuckle. “Better bring it tomorrow as well. It’s supposed to rain all day!”

They arranged to meet at the movies, and Kirsty’s head was spinning when she finally got into her car, feeling her wet trousers clinging tightly against her bottom. But she was smiling. Now she had two things to look forward to. A date with Jacob tonight, and more rain tomorrow.

Kirsty was already planning on avoiding the toilet after lunchtime. After all, using her pants suddenly seemed like a lot more fun than she could possibly have imagined.

