A Fantasy, Pt. 2

Author: Aloe

*000*2019-03-11 21:34

Hey guys,

So this is part 2 of a series of stories I’ve been working on, and I gave absolutely zero exposition on my last post. The premise is somewhat self explanatory, but I neglected to mention a few things. It’s a series of “what if” scenarios that I wanted to flesh out into full on erotic narratives. They’re either loosely or heavily based on real experiences I’ve had. You’ll know which was which I think!

But it’s also loosely based on my personal journey of accepting my desires, and being comfortable sharing them. There’s this juxtaposition of fantasy vs reality that I wanted to explore, and I would love to hear what you guys think!

If you’d like to check out the first story, the link is right here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/46794-a-fantasy-pt-1/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1548503&embedComment=1548503&embedDo=findComment#comment-1548503"

I broke “Part 2” into multiple posts, to make it more readable!

WARNING: “Part 2” is mainly messing oriented. I’ll mark the area where the messing begins. If it’s not your cup of tea, skip to the end there will be some pee desperation in the next post!

###

I blinked. Twice. Three times. What the hell am I looking at? I squint closer, analyzing the various graphs and formulas dotting my paper. A review of a few word problems confirmed my suspicions: I was in economics class.

That’s right, I remember now. Economics class; that one class I constantly came late to, and consistently missed altogether. I should really learn to care more, because it’s all adding up. The semester was halfway over, and I think I missed the midterm entirely.

I check my phone for the date. Yup, I missed my fucking midterm. Dammit. Fucking dammit. Apparently it had happened two days ago, the last time the class met. Shit. I was going to need a good ass excuse if I was planning on any attempt to redeem myself.

The muffled speech slowly became coherent as the professor prepared to dismiss the class. I looked around, thankfully surrounded by people seemingly just as disinterested as me, and even more eager to leave, more than a few other students seemingly restless in their seats.... Everyone seemed to be staring at the clock as time slowly crawled by.

The droning lecture on microeconomics, soon enough, had finally come to a close. Being at the back of the class, I had little ability to compete with the students at the front of the class for Professor Cormacks Q/A time.

Naturally, I took the opportunity to get some fresh air in the halls outside. Or rather, fidget idly on my phone without feeling judged by the person behind me.

I became distinctly aware of a clicking sound echoing through the hall, growing in volume as it got closer.

*click, clack, click, clack*

Normally, this just means a girl in heels was strolling down the halls, livening the echoing chambers of said building with her trendy but perhaps impractical wardrobe, particularly for the kind of walking you did on a college campus. But as I eyed the figure rounding the corner, I quickly realized she was definitely not a student.

A tan, voluptuous brunette in a figure hugging grey dress and matte black heels strode down the hall, with a swinging gait. Her Mediterranean features suggested Middle Eastern descent, and her mature, developed face and frame suggested mid- thirties. There’s no way she was a student.

I smiled genuinely at her as she passed, and she smiled back.

“Hi!” She said.

“Hi!” I chimed back happily.

“Are you in Professor Cormacks class?”

“Uhhh, yes I am! Sorry, don’t know why I had to think about that!” I laughed.

“Hahaha! No it’s fine! Trust me, I know what economics can do to the brain after an hour and a half!”

“Is that why you’re showing up late today?” I asked humorously, nodding towards the open door of the classroom.

“Haha! No, I’m not a student. We share office space here. Is he available?”

“Ummm, last time I checked he was taking a lot of questions. Technically I’m the last in line.”

“Oh! I guess I’ll just get in line behind you.” She smiled sweetly. Why she was getting in line behind me, I didn’t know. But of course, I returned the smile. How else could any sane man reply to such a beautiful-

*gurrrgllleee*

I heard a low rumbling noise. Simultaneously, she crossed her legs, and I flinched a little. I couldn’t help but flinch slightly at the sudden sound of a low pitched rumbling.

The smile waned from her face slightly, turning into one of light concern.

“Is something wrong?” I asked.

*gurrrggglllleee*

“No no! I’m just feeling a bit jittery right now.” She said.

I gave her a quizzical look. Both the odd rumbling and her curious comment had piqued my interest, and I couldn’t help but feel that flustered look on her face was more than just the common jitters.

We waited for what felt like 5 minutes, soon going on 10 minutes. The woman appeared to be growing a little impatient, shifting from foot to foot slightly before crossing her legs.

“I’m Alex by the way.”

The woman seemed to be caught off guard by my continued interest in conversation. But now I was working my charm. My smile of pleasantness turned into a smile of engagement and interest. My sudden change in demeanor prompted a change in hers too. She returned with a mutual smile of interest, and seemed to purr the name “Aliyah.”

“What do you do here Aliyah?”

“I teach a Sociology.”

“You weren’t feeling Econ?”

“Haha, oh no! I’m much more of a people person than a numbers person. Besides, I had to take economics in this same building when I went here and it was a nightmare.”

“Oh! You’re an alumni huh?”

*Guuurrgggllleee*

She made a face, and crossed her legs, tensing her thighs. Shake it off Alex.

“I am actually! Class of 2012!”

“Well at least I have something to look forward to, you look like you’re doing pretty good for yourself!”

“Haha! Well a girl can try!”

*bubblerumblechurn*

Aliyah did something of a stutter step, stepping lightly in the same spot. She rubbed her thighs against each other as she conspicuously glanced at the bathrooms down the hall.

“You sure you’re okay?”

“Oh yeah I’m fine! I just....” she hesitated for a moment, but quickly seemed to brush off her reservations as she placed a hand delicately over her gurgling tummy. “I had too much coffee I think.” She confessed with a shy smile.

I blushed.

“Well I uhhh.... I hope that won’t be a problem for you!” I said, glancing at her legs slightly.

She must’ve have seen my glance, as she gave cute, knowing smile upon my returning her gaze. “I don’t think I should have any problems.” She giggled, “I just need to call it quits on the coffee and I should be fine.”

I felt myself blush again, probably unnecessarily. Just a pretty girl who’s had too much coffee. What’s the big deal? Lots of people have too much coffee.....

*gurrrrglllleeeee*

She seemed to tense up, and glanced conspicuously towards the restrooms again. She tapped her foot lightly, and pressed her butt against the wall. She winced ever so slightly.

*grrrggllleee*

“I can save your spot if you need to.... uhhhh....” I blushed. She looked at me inquisitively, but then smiled wryly. She seemed to understand what I was asking.

“No Alex, I’ll be fine. I have no problem waiting.” She said with a clever, teasing expression, her legs firmly crossed. “Besides, you shouldn’t ask a lady those kinds of questions!”

My blush deepened, and I felt myself burn a bright red. Of course, in a world like this, I had the overwhelming and irrational feeling that she knew I wanted to see her desperate, and hopefully see her soil her sexy dress. But as if to answer my restless mind, she simply commented,

“Thank you though, I know you’re only trying to help.” She smiled reassuringly.

Before I could say anything else, the last student left the classroom, leaving me next in line.

”You can go ahead of me.”

”Are you sure?”

”Of course! I’m still trying to think of a good excuse!”

”Hahaha! Try ‘the dog ate my homework,’ that always worked for me.”

”More like ‘the dog ate my midterm,’ actually.” I sighed, suddenly reminded of a more pressing predicament.

”Oh! You missed your midterm?”

”Yeah.... and I don’t have a dog either.”

She laughed, loudly. Her laughter filled the halls of the building, and for a moment, I felt comforted this beautiful woman thought that I was so funny. She might have been laughing at me instead of with me, but I chose willful ingnorance this time around.

She looked at me, and the gears seemed to be turning behind her dark brown eyes.

”Maybe I can help you.” She said.

”How?”

Before I could say anything else, she walked past me into the classroom, where the professor still sat idly in his chair as the break was winding down.

I couldn’t help but watch her out of the corner of my eye. She was trying to help me, which was incredibly nice of her. But she also had an awesome body that I couldn’t stop looking at. To make matters worse, I was 99.9% sure she need to.... go. Lust was driving me to further confirm what my gut feeling was already telling me to be true.

*rumbbbllleeee*

The brunette teacher crossed her legs and stood by his desk as they chatted. She swiveled her hips lightly from side to side. Subtle, soft movements, until-

*GURGLE*

The brunette bent forward slightly, and raised a leg off the ground behind her. Her butt cheeks clenched visibly.

I gulped, and bit my lip with adrenaline fueled lust. What happened last time was happening again.

Aliyah continued to stand there, swaying her hips too and fro to suppress her need. I blushed from arousal, watching her her thing waistline and massive ass circle in a figure 8, slowly, deliberately.....

I only wished I could stay and enjoy the show a little longer. As

“Not a problem Mr. Cormack, I can get those to your grader later today. Is there anything else I can help you with?”

*gurgle*

She clenched. Her shoulders appeared somewhat stiff.

“Alex!”

The professors voice woke me from my doldrums.

“Yes Professor?”

“You missed the midterm didn’t you?”

I gulped. What was a lustful fantasy was quickly becoming a nightmare. But this is why I’m here, I need to face the music.

“Uhhh.... yes sir, I did. I was actually here to talk to you about that.”

“I’m glad to see you being so proactive.” He chuckled, “I got your email, I’m aware of the circumstances. Lucky for you, Miss Aliyah here is available for you to take your makeup exam.”

My heart skipped a beat as I looked at her, her legs crossed and her hands pressed against her thighs, but with a warm, unbothered smile.

“We’ve met!” She said warmly.

“Excellent! Here is the exam Alex, feel free to follow Aliyah to her office.”

“Of course, thank you Mr. Cormack!”

Aliyah smiles again, and proceed to walk towards her office, down the hallway and to the right. I followed in close pursuit. I couldn’t take my eyes off her massive ass, her cheeks sliding back and forth in her tight gray dress.

*gurrrgleee churnnnn*

Oh, and that too. There was that. The restrooms were approaching on our left. I saw her glance briefly at them, but just as confidently as she had declined a visit earlier, she declined one now. She walked right past the bathrooms, and I could feel myself getting hard, knowing she’d have to wait even longer.

“My office is right down this hall Alex!”

“Thanks!”

”Also, you’re welcome.”

”I didn’t say thank you already?”

“No, I don’t think so.”

”Well thank you Miss Aliyah.”

”Please, call me Aliyah.”

”Well Aliyah, thanks for making me a lucky guy!” I said, with a hint of suggestion.

She laughed, and looked towards me with a cute smile. “Luck has nothing to do with it.” She teased.

I took a gamble, “So what do I owe it to? Your way with words? I’m sure he has a hard time saying no to you.”

She giggled shyly, “Flattery will get you nowhere!”

“Oh come on, I’m sure you’re used to the attention.”

She glanced at me with an almost flirty smile, and said, “Maybe.”

I liked where this was going.

We passed a coffee machine. I couldn’t resist.

“Hey Aliyah?”

“Yes?”

“You mind if I get a coffee here real quick?”

“Oh sure, no problem!”

“What do you recommend?” I asked her.

She seemed to be thinking for a minute. She showed some resolve, and walked over to the machine, pointing to the caramel macchiato.

“That ones my favorite. I’ve been drinking that all afternoon!”

“Great, I’ll help myself then!” I chimed, but somewhat mischievously, I asked, “Would you like one too?”

She gave me a interested look, with the intention of politely declining. But perhaps the tone of my voice required a different response, with a slight smile.

“No thank you Alex. If you recall, I’ve actually had too much coffee.” She giggled, crossing her legs.

“Oh come on, I can’t help but feel like I’ve.... inconvenienced you?” I suggested, vaguely.

A more knowing smile crept across her face. We had already broken decorum a few times, what was one more right?

“Oh, I see.....” she said, with a thoughtful smile.

*gurrrglleeee*

She hunched over ever so slightly, and pressed a hand into her thigh. She sighed, and looked at me.

“Is it that obvious?”

“Ummmm.... well, just to me, I don’t know about everyone else.”

She giggled, “Oh, you’re the expert then huh?”

“Well, no....” I countered, “But I know coffee, and I couldn’t help but put two and two together.”

“Well,” she said, a wan smile now permanently spread across her lips, “As I told you before, I have no problem waiting to take care of my.... needs.... especially if there’s something else I need to do first.”

She thought for a second, considering her next words, before carefully saying, “coffee, now coffee kind of.... speeds things along.... it makes it difficult for me to wait longer, and I end up getting really uncomfortable and really..... obvious.... like right now.” She said, as she stood with her legs crossed and hand over her gurgling stomach.

“So.... do you still think I could use another cup?” She giggled, suggestively.

I’m no fool. This wasn’t realistic. But I didn’t care. How could I possibly waste another opportunity like this? It’s time to go big or go home.

“Yes, I do.... it’s been a long day, I think we could both use the energy.” I smiled back just as suggestively, having already purchased the coffee.

As I handed it to her, she sighed, giving me another one of those knowing smiles, but this time, knowing far more than she had before

“All right, if you insist. But just to warn you, I may be a little uncomfortable, and you’re going to have to deal with that!” She giggled, shuffling her thighs back and forth. “You better not take long on this test, or you’re in trouble!” She giggled, though nervously.

The gentleman in me enjoyed the banter, but the naughtiness in me had every intention of taking their time. If this was the same as last time.... What did I have to lose?

*003*2019-03-12 20:04

{{17 hours ago, Quackduck said:

Really great! I'm looking forward to the continuation.

}}

{{14 hours ago, Cromwell said:

This is excellent, can't wait for more

}}

Thank you guys, I’m glad you liked it!!

*007*2019-05-03 18:26

{{On 4/20/2019 at 12:42 AM, FumbleBumble said:

Hey so is this going to be finished? I was really looking forward to it being finished.

}}

{{On 3/29/2019 at 11:16 PM, joebarnes said:

I cant wait to read the next entry of this story!

}}

{{On 3/16/2019 at 1:32 PM, FumbleBumble said:

Can’t wait for part 2.

}}

It’s in the works guys, I apologize. It’s been a rough going for me lately, I haven’t had a lot of motivation. But I’m working on it tonight, hopefully it will be finished!

*008*2019-05-04 08:22

Hey guys! Sorry about the wait. It's been a pretty rough going over here lately, and it's been hard to find motivation. But I've been really wanting to finish this story, and I recently had a stroke of inspiration. I do warn you, this part features very descriptive messing, so if you’re not into that, this story is not for you. With that said, thank you for your patience! I hope you like.

___

"This is definitely a bad idea. But I have to admit, this is some pretty good coffee."

"It's white chocolate, something like that. I usually get the hazelnut ones, but I thought you'd like something a little more exotic."

"Well I just feel spoiled now!"

"I've got good taste don't eye?"

She smiled shyly, taking another long sip of her white chocolate whatever the hell it was called.

*Gurrrgle*

"Wow, that was fast." I giggled, as Aliyah placed a hand gently over her gurgling tummy.

"I guess I can't enjoy it too much. My stomach is already protesting!"

"Don't worry, I'll be fast!" I said with a playful wink.

Ha. No I won't.

She smiled cutely, and turned about face to continue her walk to her classroom. Her classroom was unusually far from the rest of the classes, probably because it was in a different division of the same department. Her classroom was on another floor entirely, which definitely was not a problem for me.

I spent about another minute of shamelessly staring at her plump ass and sexy hips swaying from side to side, with each tense stride bringing her closer towards her classroom, and hopefully, a chance to sit down and apply some additional pressure to her burdened behind.

We reached the communal elevator, and pressed the button for 'going up.' Immediately after pressing the button, she crossed her legs tightly, and visibly clenched her butt.

*grrrmmbblleee*

"Ohhhh...." She moaned, bobbing slightly on the spot. I stared and blushed, my face a flush red. She must have felt my stare, because she simply looked over to me and smiled.

"That coffee works fast." She giggled, legs still crossed.

"Maybe we should file a complaint!" I laughed, trying not to draw attention to my growing erection and shortness of breath.

"Nooo, then I would have to tell them how long I've been holding it!" She giggled, placing a hand gingerly over her gurgling stomach, recrossing her legs in tandem. "It's not entirely the coffee's fault!"

For the first time in a second, I was speechless. It was like, sensory overload. It's one thing to hear a girl talk about needing to go, it's another thing to see it. But it's another thing entirely to see a gorgeous girl struggling to control her bowels, giving you a play by play of her desperation, and an exposition!

"You don't need to be embarrassed Alex. I mean, it's already out in the open, after all." She consulted, sensing my tension.

"What's out in the open?" I asked stupidly, fully knowing what she was talking about.

Aliyah looked at me curiously, probably wondering how I had gone from confident to shy in a matter of minutes. Perhaps she sensed ulterior motives.

But for whatever reason, she simply looked at me with an odd, questioning look.

"I mean, are we still talking about the coffee thing?" I asked mildly. I was flustered, I had to fill the silence. Don't judge me.

She giggled though.

"Yes we are!" She said, matter-of-factly. She crossed her legs again, and tensed her thighs.

"What, do you want to hear me say it out loud!?" She asked teasingly.

Of course I did. I would love to hear her say it out loud. But even in fantasies, you ought to be more tactful than that.

But tactful wasn't in my skill set at this point.

"Maybe," I said, with fake confidence. "I've never heard a pretty girl say something like that before. It'd be a first for me!"

My crude attempt at humor didn't fall on deaf ears though. She sighed, looked to the right, and looked to the left. There was no one around. She looked at me, and, leaning in closer, whispered to me.

"I have to poop, pretty bad."

*gurrglee grmmbllee*

"And it's getting worse."

"Oh."

"Are you happy now?" She teased, still clenching her thighs together.

"I guess so. I figured you would feel better, considering you don't have to hide it anymore!"

"Haha! Well it would've happened sooner or later. It's hard for me to hide it as it is!" She squirmed her hips from side to side, subtly fighting the massive load of coffee fueled sludge pressing against her beautiful behind. Who would've thought such a pretty girl was capable of something so.... well, it depends on who you talk to I guess.

"Hopefully I made it easier!"

"A little bit," she mused, "I don't feel as shy about it anymore!"

"Good! Do what you have to do to.... well, you know, hold it. It's gonna be a like test, I won't judge!"

She cringed at this, and bobbed lightly (and tensely) in place. "You better not judge me! I want to stay ladylike, but-"

*GURGLE*

"-Ugh... I can't make any promises."

"I'm the last person that would judge you Aliyah." I say, perhaps a little too sincerely.

"Thank you! The other students in my class might not be as understanding!"

"Ummm.... other students?"

DING. The elevator was here.

With her massive ass tightly clenched, and bowels bubbling with growing urgency, she stepped into the elevator, and I followed close behind.

"Going up?"

"No-"

*grumblechurrnnnnn*

"Going down!"

I smirked at the irony, and tapped my foot impatiently as the doors closed, and the elevator slowly descended, Aliyah's butt twitching and subtly squirming as we descended several floors to a truly eventful makeup exam.

###

I stepped into her classroom, and to my surprise there were several other students in there, as she had mentioned before. I have a tendency to scan the room right when I walk in, a habit I acquired from my time working the night shift in fairly sketchy parts of the city. There was a guy in there, Caucasian, approximately 150lbs. Fairly well built. He was sitting towards the back. To his left was a slim blonde girl, also Caucasian, approximately 120lbs. She looked like she ran cross country, indicative of her runners shorts. To her right, several rows forward, was a very pretty girl, with black hair, tan skin, and other Mediterranean features.

She was dressed in yoga pants and a tight white shirt that accentuated her breasts. I could tell from here that she had curves in all the right places. The Latino in me couldn't help but stare for a minute. Conveniently, she was only one row back from the front row, and had a good view of Aliyah's desk. Although counterproductive (and definitely distracting) to the actual reason I was here, to take this test, I knew where I wanted to sit.

As I surveyed the room, Aliyah had stepped to her desk and prepared my test. She did a slight stutter step, and crossed her legs, hunched over her desk. I was close enough to hear the same distinct gurgling that had been distracting me earlier. She winced, and clenched her butt visibly. Her bowels must be bursting by now, and I would have a front row seat and to this sexy girl struggling not to soil her tight fitting-

"Here is your test Alex! Please sit anywhere you like."

"Oh sorry, I kind of spaced out."

She smiled, almost knowingly, and retreated to her desk. "Let me know if you need any help!" She offered, before planting herself in her office chair, and wiggling slightly, applying much needed pressure to her burdened bottom.

I took my test, and sat by the busty middle eastern girl. There was so much to look at, I doubted I would get anything done at all to be honest. But I can retake the class if I need to. I can't sit next to a sexy girl, while watching another one potty dance in her chair for an hour.

Most of the test went by uneventfully. Surprisingly, Aliyah had stopped squirm, and was now firmly seated in her office chair, working on her computer. The Caucasian man, who I assume had been working on his paper since before I got here, turned his test in about 20 minutes after I arrived. The blonde seemed frustrated, and constantly sat back in her chair, studying her paper from afar, as if adjusting her physical perspective would somehow affect her metaphoric perspective on the problem in front her. The Mediterranean girl seemed a little antsy too, tapping her foot as she studiously worked on her test.

The girls movements became more agitated however, and I couldn't help but notice her glancing at the clock, biting her lip. She rocked her hips back and forth in her chair, I could see her butt shifting in her seat. She seemed pretty uncomfortable, and I was once again distracted by a beautiful woman that seemed to be in some form of bodily distress.

*Slosh, slosh, slosh....*

She crossed her legs tightly, and wiggled some more. Damn. Two desperate girls in one room? Are you kidding me?

I suppose in this world, anything can happen. But my conscious mind couldn't help but react at the in-credulousness of the situation. Is this the extent that my subconscious mind harbored my sexual fantasies? So much lust and sexual desire in one place, at one time. It was hard to take in. I knew I had to do my test, I had responsibilities. But I also knew this beautiful girl had to pee, and I couldn't take my eyes off her. I had never seen desperation like this in my life, and I wasn't about to take it for granted.

As I watched her plump butt squirm in her seat, imagining pee pouring down her chair, I had the faintest feeling that I was being watched. I looked up from my lustful daydream towards the front of the classroom, to see Aliyah staring at me from her chair.

Fuck.

I blushed, and quickly averted my eyes back to my test. Shit. Shit. Shit.... Did she think I was cheating? Maybe she just thought that I was checking her out. That would be even worse though, for some reason. At least to me. Shit.... I felt horrible. She just caught me being a perv. I mean, yeah, I was a perv before I walked through this door. But still...

I looked back up, only for our eyes to meet again. She smiled at me, and motioned for me to keep my eyes on my paper. I blushed furiously, and mouth 'sorry' with a shy smile. She again gave me that sexy smile, the subtle, knowing smile. It was sexy before, but damn, this time it cut through me like a hot knife through butter. Why was I so self conscious right now?

Despite my shame, I couldn't stop myself from watching her our of the corner of my eye. Right, left, right, left. Her butt was sticking out of the back of the seat, and her thighs looked tensed with effort. She couldn't keep still. At one point she was bouncing up and down, rocking back and forth, doing a subtle figure 8 in her seat. She looked at the clock, bit her lip, and moaned a sexy, desperate moan. She pressed her hands into her crotch, and continued grinding her crotch into the seat, trying to put pressure on her pee hole, trying to manage her bursting bladder.

*Slosh, slosh, slosh*

I bit my lip in envy.... I wanted to see her pee herself. It would be amazing if I saw her pee herself.

She stood up, and walked over to Aliyah's desk, her butt cheeks wobbling all the way to the front of the classroom. She stepped to and fro as she seemed to be begging to go to the bathroom. For some reason, Aliyah glanced briefly at me, then back at her. I blushed again. I overheard something to the means of 'if you go now, you can't come back and finish your test.' The girl seemed to be okay with that, as peeing her pants and flooding the floor was not an acceptable option I guess.

She quickly returned to her desk, picked up her test, and turned it in to Aliyah, bent over, with one hand in her crotch. She darted out of the room, hopefully leaving a trail of pee behind her. Hopefully not making it, and flooding her pants as she reached the bathroom. Or maybe, hopefully she made it? Hopefully she didn't humiliate herself and pee her pants in public. Hopefully she had an awesome day after this.... I could;t make up my mind to be honest. It felt almost bittersweet. I didn't know if wanted it or wanted something-

"Alex?" Aliyah asked.

I looked up. The other blonde was gone. She must have turned in her test while I was brooding. Whatever.

"Yes?" I asked, somewhat bothered, though not because of her.

"How are you doing on that test?"

"Ummmmm..." I looked at my midterm. I had done a decent job, I think. I wasn't going to win any awards or anything, but it was decent. Definitely passing. I could turn it in right now and walk away. Aliyah could go to the bathroom and relieve her bubbling bowels. Life would go on, I would be fine....

But I wanted something else.

"I'm doing okay, I still need a little more time I think."

"Okay." She said, seated at her desk. But a grimace crossed her face, and I noticed her shift in her seat, first to the right, then to the left.

"Are you okay?"

Aliyah looked around again. There was no one in the room but us.

"I'm okay. But... I really need to go now."

"You do?"

"Yes," she sighed with a relenting smile, "It's getting pretty bad. I don't want to rush you, but.... I'm getting desperate." She wiggled her butt in her seat.

"Hehe.... I can tell." I said, with a smile.

"Can you? What gave it away?" She giggled, shifting again.

"Well you keep squirming in your seat."

"I can't help it!" She giggled, "It's almost impossible to hide it anymore!"

"Good thing you're not standing." I teased.

"Oh yeah, then it would be really obvious."

"It would?"

"Oh definitely. I was worried that one of the students would ask me for help. I wouldn't have been able to keep still!"

"Well...." I hesitated. I was definitely about to cross the line. But I was in too deep.

"I'd rather ask for help now than later, when you're even more desperate."

Aliyah looked at me curiously again, but this time, with a hint of amusement.

"You think so?" She teased.

"Yeah, there's one problem I'm kind of stuck on. I won't judge you, remember?"

She looked at me, and looked at the whiteboard. She sighed.

"Okay. But just to warn you, I'm very desperate. I might be potty dancing up here!"

"That's okay, I don't mind."

She smiled. She must've know. She had to at this point. But she resigned, I suppose, to her situation. She came over to my desk and took the problem in question, and proceeded to walk to the white board, ass clenched tightly. Like, tightly. As she started drawing up the problem on the whiteboard, she started stepping from foot to foot, wriggling, and bouncing. She clenched her ass tight and breathed through her teeth, pressing her hands into her massive ass as she bounced up and down.

"Oh my gosh.... it's so bad."

"I can tell!" I said again.

She looked at me again, with that same knowing, piercing look as before. I blushed, but she didn't break her gaze. She held it. The whole time she continued to step up and down, squirming and clenching her ass. Then she said something.

"Do you even need help with this problem? Or are you just enjoying the show?"

My eyes grew wide. I blushed, I burned, my heart sank into my chest like a chasm. I tried to speak, but I had no idea what to say.

"You seemed to be enjoying Stacy's little predicament."

"Stacy....?" I asked, quietly.

"Yes, the girl you were sitting next to, the one who had to pee."

"Oh."

"You were staring at her for awhile Alex."

It was no point in fighting it. She caught me before, and she caught me now.

"Yes... it was, distracting."

"Distracting how? Like, distracting like right now?" She squirmed, marker in hand, the other hand on her stomach, as she bobbed up and down, hunched over.

"Yes, distracting like right now."

"Well-"

"I'm so sorry Aliyah. I'm so, so sorry. I just-"

*GURRGGllllelleele*

The sound of her gurgling bowels broke through the air. She gasped, and reached a hand around to grab the center of her massive ass.

"Ohhhhh...." She moaned, stepping firmly in place, "I almost lost it right there."

"Aliyah-"

"Alex listen to me," She interjected, with a firmness that I had not yet seen from her, "I'm not mad."

"You're.... not?" I didn't understand.

"Of course I'm not mad. You don't think I could have gone to the bathroom at any point today, if I really needed to?"

I nodded, hesitantly.

"That's right. I could have. Honestly, I knew you were into when I first started getting desperate. The coffee thing gave you away, I thought you knew that!"

I chuckled softly. I wasn't exactly discreet.

"The truth is Alex-"

*SPLURT*

*Gurrrgllleeee*

"Ohmygod...." She moaned, dancing in place, both hands now tightly pressed into her quivering ass cheeks. "I need to hurry, I'm starting to mess myself!"

I blushed, my erection growing even harder now, despite the embarrassing circumstances.

"Alex, you shouldn't be so ashamed of your fetish. You really shouldn't. Everyone has their thing. You happen to appreciate a desperate woman, and that's okay. I promise it's okay."

"How is it okay for you though?" I asked, genuinely.

"Because.... This isn't real Alex. Do you think the real Aliyah would hold her poop this long? No, probably not. But I would, because I know you like it, I know what you want to see."

"But-"

"And there's other wonderful women out there that would love to share this experience with you too. You don't have to feel ashamed."

I paused.

"Just don't go locking the bathroom at a busy bar. That would be kind of mean." She giggled.

I couldn't help but smile. Everyone thought about that at some point.

*SPLURT, SPLRCH, FRRT*

"I told you I was about to get very unladylike." She said, with a sensual smile, her desperate wriggling jump started again by a few messy sharts.

"I'm holding it for you Alex, you might as well enjoy it. The choice is yours." She said suggestively, hands pressed firmly against her clenched ass cheeks.

I sighed. I was aroused beyond belief, and for the first time in the past hour, I was completely okay with it.

"You're sure?"

"I'm sure."

"Alright then..." I said, with sensual mischief on my mind.

___

Alex: Was that a shart, or just a normal fart?

Aliyah: Definitely a shart. My panties are probably stained at this point.

Alex: You think it'll come out?

Aliyah: Maybe, depends on if you want me to make it or not.

Alex: Maybe I don't want you to make it.

Aliyah: *giggles and squirms* But it's going to be messy Alex.

Alex: Good, I don't mind that.

Aliyah: It'll completely ruin my dress Alex.

Alex: It'll probably run down your legs too.

Aliyah: Oh yeah, they'll need to call the janitor in here with a mop.

Alex: I won't tell them it was you.

Aliyah: You better not, this will be our little secret.

Alex: I like that. But you know, I still need help with this problem.

Aliyah: You just want to watch my squirm and slowly crap my dress don't you?

Alex: That's exactly what I want.

Aliyah: At this point it's going to happen whether you want it to or not. The bathrooms too far away, I'll definitely have an accident before I get there.

Alex: That's pretty hot.

Aliyah: I don't feel like having a big audience though.

Alex: HAHA! Yeah, I can understand that.

Aliyah: I better get started on this problem before- *SPLRCCCH*

Alex: There it is again.

Aliyah: I definitely just crapped my pants Alex.

Alex: Yeah?

Aliyah: Oh yeah, and it's definitely messy.

Alex: Did it soak through your dress?

Aliyah: Probably. Have a look?

She turned around, stepping in place and wiggling her hips to and fro. There was a brown circle the size of a quarter on her prominent ass.

Alex: Yeah. it definitely stained through.

Aliyah: There's still more too.

Alex: How much longer can you hold it?

Aliyah: Let's find out.

Aliyah turned towards the board and began drawing up the problem. Her ass was clenched the entire time, and she was shaking it around like she was at a college frat party, trying to get someone's attention. She squirmed, and moaned, and her bowels bubbled and churned audibly the entire time.

*SPLRCH*

The quarter sized brown spot grew to the size of a baseball, and a small mound was now visible.

Alex: I think you're having an accident Aliyah.

Aliyah: I'm definitely having an accident Alex.

Alex: Hang in there!

Aliyah: I can't.

Alex: Just try!

Aliyah moaned and contained to work on the board.

*SPLRT*

*SPLRT*

*FRRRT*

The back of her dress, tightly gripping her delicious ass, was now the size of a softball. She was dancing and squirming, her legs crossed tightly, firmly, and her ass clenched as tight as could be. She was on her last legs.

Aliyah: I can't hold it.

Alex: I know.

She started stepping up and down, her ass facing me.

Aliyah: I'm gonna explode Alex....

Alex: I know.

Aliyah: I... I can't....

Her ass quivered. She clenched with all her might, sliding her legs past each other, to and fro.

Alex: Is it coming out yet?

Aliyah: If I move I'll mess myself.

Alex: Damn coffee, huh?

Aliyah tried to stifle a laugh, but couldn't help it, given the absurdity of the circumstances. That was when it happened.

"HAHAHA-"

*SPLRRCCCHHHHFRRTTSQUELCHFRRTCCCHHSSHHCCH*

The brown spot on her dress expanded to the size of a plate, and a large, messy bulge of sludge filled her panties and bulged her dress out. My mouth dropped, and I stared as messy sharts and the sound of gurgling mess filled the air. She turned around, and leaned on the desk in front of her. The look on her face was one of pure relief. She looked me in the eye and smiled sexily, as another messy squelch of mess poured into her saturated panties.

*SPRRRTCHHHHH*

"Ohhhhgossshhhhh...." She moaned, with an ecstatic sigh, as her bowels uncontrollably emptied themselves into her panties and dress, permanently desecrating both of them, as well as her shoes and the ground beneath her. Mess dripped down her legs, and pooled on the floor beneath her.

She continued her accident for almost 2 minutes, mess still pooling at her feet. She raised her head and looked at me. Hair covered her face, and she looked slightly disheveled. But as she moved the hair from her face, and straightened up, with an audible squelch coming from her dress, she smiled at me.

"I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did."

"I might have enjoyed it more than you did."

"Ha, I believe that."

I giggled, despite my cripplingly intense arousal.

"Now, I need to go clean up. And you need to take care of that." She said smoothly, pointing towards my erection.

She turned about face, and leaving messy footprints, squelched her way to the door with a confident stride. She smiled at me, and shut the door.

*Click*

*Click*

*Click*

___

Click goes the snooze button as I groggily fumble for my alarm. I rustle my hair, and check the time. It's 7:00am. I checked my phone for the date. I think I have that midterm today.

___

Please let me know what you guys think. I'd love to hear your thoughts and your feedback

*011*2019-05-04 23:00

{{5 hours ago, herrokitty said:

Love it, it's great Glad you got to continue this. I like the premise of the fantasy so whatever you want to happen will and we don't have to worry too much about how people behave in real life haha.

}}

Thank you @herrokitty

!!! That was the initial idea! A smutty fantasy where anything can go! I really enjoy the “meta” aspect of it too, it makes things more interesting. But stakes aren’t very high in a world where anything can go, and I felt like there needed to be some conflict. Ta daaaaa

{{1 hour ago, gral2040 said:

Its fantastic. please continue

}}

Thank you very much this is the end of part 2. There’s one more part that I can foresee, as far as this concept is concerned. Of course, there’s a twist, but you’ll have to wait and see. There’s definitely some foreshadowing in part 2 for part 3, but I’ll let you figure that out

*013*2019-05-07 00:06

{{On 5/4/2019 at 4:03 PM, FumbleBumble said:

Loved It! Definitely worth the wait. Can’t wait for the next part I’m sure it’ll be even better.

}}

I’m glad you think so! I had a hard time trying to figure out how to merge the themes with the sexy material in a way that escalated believably, despite it being a fantasy world. I wanted the plot to arc in an interesting way, rather than just “the hot girl poops her dress and then I wake up” kind of thing. Too predictable

*015*2019-05-08 02:16

{{46 minutes ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

Nice story! Generally well written, but the changes in tense are a nuisance, and I also noticed a couple typos.

I really liked the descriptions of Aliyah's discomfort and accident. The messy footprints are a nice touch. I don't recall any other messing fics using that detail. I enjoyed reading the nervous interactions between the Alex and Aliyah. Things get unrealistic after a while, but I guess that's the point of a fantasy.

This was fun to read, and I hope you write more of these!

}}

Thank you for the feedback! I tried to keep the typos to a minimum, but I typed it on Wordpress instead of Microsoft word, and I couldn’t find the spell check. I definitely missed a few spots. Also, one of my biggest issues with writing is keeping the tense consistent. It’s something I’ve been working on for awhile, next time I’ll be mindful of it!

I’m glad you liked it though! I do have plans for part 3, which can hopefully tie together the loose story arc I have so far.

*017*2019-05-08 13:53

{{7 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I'm looking forward to it!

By the way, did you ever read the eating/holding contest story I wrote from your prompts?

}}

You know I was just thinking about that!! I did read it and I never reviewed it

