She took an Oath

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2017-05-20 00:09

"Thank you sir, have an amazing day!" Rosie practically shouted at the old man who finished paying for his lottery ticket. She was 16 years old and working as a cashier at her local gas station, trying to earn money to buy herself a car. Her bubbly and chatty attitude made her popular among customers and made conversation with almost everyone who came by. Her good looks also contributed some to her popularity, between her long blonde hair and perfect teeth she almost always looked great; often without even trying.

As the man walked out the store, she looked over to her coworker and fellow cashier Walker who struggled to make eye contact with the woman approaching him. Rosie noticed she was fairly well dressed in a formal shirt and a pencil skirt, most likely on her way home from a meeting of some sort. Walker silently took her money and gave her the pack of gum she was buying, when suddenly the woman turns and asked him a question.

"Is there a restroom here? I couldn't seem to find one." Walker stared at the woman for a few moments, opened his mouth but what came out was so quiet and deep no human could understand it. "I'm sorry sir? Please if their is one tell me I desperately need to use a restroom."

"I'm sorry ma'am, there is no restroom, you'll have to find one somewhere else." Rosie interceded on Walker's behalf.

"Oh of course, I hope I can make it home." The woman walked out the store and out into the evening light. It was 8:45 PM on Friday night and the store was closing in 15 minutes.

"That was a little too much information huh?" Rosie attempted to make conversation with the awkward boy next to her. He was in her grade at school but he rarely spoke to anyone other than his small group of close friends. He was almost the polar opposite of her, he tried to avoid speaking to customers and mostly kept to himself.

"Uhhh, ye-yeah too much." He looked at her for a few seconds, before quickly looked down at his feet. Unknown to Rosie, Walker had gotten himself the job at the store specifically so he could be with her, as she had been his crush for over a year. Now that he had access to her, he found it hard to bring himself to make a move due to his awkwardness.

"I wonder if she'll make it, she looked like she was fall over when she walked outside." Rosie continued the conversation. The talk of pee got into Walker's deepest fantisies as he longingly imagined Rosie clutching her crotch against the counter trying to hold her pee. He had held a pee fetish since he was 13 and had frequently fantasized since then about females from their school getting desperate, both students and teachers. He decided to return conversation to Rosie for once.

"Have you ever been in that situation, like over the age of ten?" He asked, hoping to get her to confess a current need.

"When I was 12 I peed myself while doing a lemonade stand fundraiser for the school."

"Why did they need money?" Walker was secretly celebrating finally having a conversation with his secret love.

"It was for the school play, and there was that insanely hot spring break and if you were part of it you could volunteer to sell lemonade."

"How was it like?" Rosie was taken back by this comment. She giggled a bit and responded

"What do you mean?"

"Oh sorry, I meant like the pee, or whatever. I'm not trying to weird or anything." Trying to hide his true motives. Rosie kept giggling at the silly conversation, totally unaware of what was happening in her coworkers mind. It was 8:50 now and only ten minutes remained.

"Well, I went in the morning and set up my stand, of course me bring me decided to drink three water bottles before going out to start. Conveniently the girl was supposed to take turns with decided to get sick that day, leaving desperate me standing there having to watch I'm full detail the lemonade running from the pitcher to people's cups. I think you can figure out what that does to someone who has to pee."

"Yes I do." Walker nodded while thinking to his hundreds of hours browsing internet pee forums.

"The best part is my friend calls me and starts teasing me about running water and whatnot thinking it's a joke. Eventually, poor little 12 year old me succumbed to her bodily needs and peed myself right there." A man entered the store interrupting the story for a moment.

"I had to crouch down behind the stand to hide my jean shorts from being seen by anyone that happening to go by." Rosie was worried for a second but realized the man who had entered had mostly likely not heard her due to the headphones on his ears.

"What happened afterwards, did you ever have another accident?" Walker was fully invested in the story.

"I got revenge on my friend by teasing her during a final exam, I remember her face as she squirmed in her seat. She made it, but I'm sure I had some effect."

"What about you? Did you ever have an accident or near accident again?" Walker threw looking normal away and demanded more.

"Ever since then I have made perfect bathroom trips consistently almost every day. I took an oath that I would never pee myself again." Walker was crushed, he wanted to ask if she was ever even desperate but he was too hung up on the fear of his fantasy of desperate 16 year old Rosie never coming true. He wished he could send back the story just to be in the unknown again. At this moment he truly believed ignorance was bliss. Just as a lightbulb went off in his head on a loophole there was a large crash from the man and he ran out the store.

"Seriously? He knocked over the cracker boxes. Ugghh, I'll get it." Rosie walked out, looking down at her black converse, consistently putting one foot in front of the other. As she bent over to pick up the boxes, Walker stared directly at her rear end in her tight blue jeans, snickering to himself in his mind at his new question he wanted to ask her.

"You'll be breaking that oath real soon Rosie." He muttered under his breath, admiring her the whole time. She finished putting back the boxes and came back over.

"What a pain in the ass, what were we talking about again?" Walker chuckled silently after hearing her say ass, and thought back to his question.

"An oath to never pee yourself."

"Oh that's right, I'll never pee myself again." Walker finally asked his million dollar question.

"How do you pee in the store when you have to go? There's no bathroom here." He grinned like a movie villain.

"I hold it, sometimes I've gotten desperate at the counter."

"Oh really, I thought you made perfect bathroom breaks." His mind raced with evil plots.

"You're making fun of me aren't you? You think I have a weak bladder."

"That has nothing to do with it."

"What is your obsession with pee?"

"I just think it's funny, the girl who took an oath to never wet herself works at a place with no bathroom." Rosie was almost laughing hysterically.

"No one has made me laugh this much in a long time." She reaches down and pulls out her phone. "I want to give my number." Walker nearly faints with excitement. "Give me your phone." He pulls it out at Mach 3 barely able to handle his excitement. After putting it in, they text each other and verify and notice the time is 9:00, closing time. "My dad should be here soon, thanks for the great 15 minutes Walker"

Walker almost faints as she walks out the door. He had nearly had the greatest night of his life; he got his crush's phone number, heard stories of his fetish and got to share a laugh with a girl; something he hadn't done since elementary school. He looks out at her as she walks to her dad's car, taking in how pretty he thinks she is.

"Everyone's gotta pee sometime Rosie." He said as he began plotting for next Friday when they shared shifts again.

*004*2017-05-20 18:13

After six long excruciating days, Walker finally woke up on Friday morning. He almost jumped out of bed and didn't even feel slightly tired despite his late night Call of Duty session. He almost leaped into the shower when he got into the bathroom. He had all week formulating his plan. He was gonna invite Rosie to his house and convince her to not use the bathroom befor going to work at 5:00 PM. Even though it was 11 hours away, it felt more like 1 million hours away. As he showered, he could imagine Rosie right outside the door, tugging on the locked doorknob as her bladder begged her to allow relea-

"Hurry up asshole I have to pee!" His 14-year old sister Hanna was outside the bathroom door. "Dad is messing downstairs so I have to use this one!" The Mitchell household tended to be very busy early in the morning. "Oh my god hurry up I'm bursting!"

"Does she have to make it awkward?" Nothing was worse than hearing one of his family members say they had to go.

"If I piss on the floor I'm not cleaning it up!" Walker opened the door and was pushed aside by his sister. She slammed the door shut in his face.

"Everything okay out here?" His sister's screaming had awoken their mother.

"Uhh, it's all okay here mom, don't worry." He didn't want to say the words aloud that his sister had to pee as it wouldn't be pleasant to have in his mind later.

"I hope you have a GREAT day at school sweetie!" His mom said as she kissed him on the forehead.

"Ughhhh" Walker groaned to himself.

The bus ride to school was uneventful, and when he got to school he went straight to his friends; Pete, John and Hayden.

"When are you gonna ask your little Rosie out?" Pete immediately joked at him.

"I'm not asking her out, I'm asking her if she wants a free ride to work from my parents at my house."

"Ohh, your house? I bet I know what's gonna go down there." The three chuckled at Hayden's joke while Walker turned red.

"My parents and my sister are gonna be home you idiots."

"Simple, just go to the basement!" The three kept laughing as Walker slowly turned to walk away. "Yo Walk!" He turned back around. "Good luck man."

"Thanks Pete." He said with a smile before he walked away.

Four hours later

Walker scanned the hallway. He had Lunch 4th period so he wasn't worried about being late to class. It was about 10:30 and he was standing outside the restrooms waiting for Rosie as he knew she would be coming at this time. He heard fast moving footsteps and looked down the hallway to see a girl that was not Rosie running towards the restrooms. She had to come from the gym as she was wearing leggings, sneakers and a white T-shirt. She had a hand firmly between her legs as they shuffled down the hallway. He knew who she was, she was a Freshman, but he couldn't quite put his finger on her name.

"Umm, hello?" He awkwardly waved the girl towards him. She stopped and started pee dancing on the spot. "Have you seen Rosie Kline anywhere around here?"

"She's coming down the hall, probably about 90 seconds until she arrives." The girl turned towards the bathrooms, smacking parts of Walker's face with her brown hair as she sprinted into the bathroom. She pulled the door from the doorstop accidentally sending the floorstop flying out into the hallway. As she opened the door she gave Walker a good view of her rear end before she dissapeared into the now locked from the inside bathroom.

"Oh shit!" Walker panicked, thinking that Rosie was gonna believe he was sabotaging her by locking the bathroom. She was growing more and more suspicious everyday as they texted each other. They had frequent conversations about pee stories of all different people mixed in with more simple topics like schoolwork, life and the like.

Walker looked down the hall to see a sight that made his eyes widen as always. Rosie was in a white shirt with a jean jacket, a black skirt and black riding boots. Her hair was artificially curled and she had on a massive smile when she saw Walker. He was almost paralyzed by the sight. He could not have thought of a better outfit for her to get desperate later in. But right now was a problem.

"Hey Walker!" She waved down the hall.

"H-h-h-h-hi Ro-Rosie." He was beyond nervous between her looks and the locked bathroom. "You co-coming to pee h-here?" He continued to stutter out.

"Well yes, and I actually missed one earlier so I guess I kinda gotta really go." For a minute he was almost happy, but then she spoke the dreadful words. "Did you lock the bathroom Walker?"

"N-n-no! Some girl was running and she kicked the doorstop out on accident!" Thankfully the girl opened the door at that moment to prove him innocent, but she came with bad news.

"OMG! All the stalls in there are occupied I actually think I'm gonna pee myself!"

"Hold on there Megan! You can make it." Rosie said. Walker than remembered the girl's name was Megan Keaton, one of his past targets of fantasy.

"I sure hope so Rosie!" Megan yelled as she ran off down the stairs. Walker put the doorstop back in before the door closed again.

"I guess you gotta wait until someone comes out." He looked at her, standing almost unphased. He was almost angry in a way she wasn't dancing or even desperate, but he remembered she probably didn't drink much in the past few hours.

Right as Rosie started to tap her foot and drive Walker crazy the door came open and one of Rosie's best friends, Lynn came out.

"Hey Rosie!"

"Hey Lynn!" Walker was slightly dissapointed as she walked into the bathroom but he understood it was for the better. She held a high reputation for being one of the most popular girls in the school due to her personality and looks, and peeing herself in the hallway could destroy that. When she emerged, he cleared his breath and finally asked her what he had been standing there for in the first place.

"Uhh Rosie would want to, uh, uh... come home to my house before work and you know, like study or something?" The very relieved Rosie looked at him with a huge smile.

"Yes!" Rosie gave him the moment he had been waiting for. Walker nearly fainted when he heard her say those words. The moment of excitement was interrupted by Megan who had returned from downstairs, still gripping her crotch.

"Downstairs was locked, what the hell?!" Megan pee danced her way to the bathroom door, showing Rosie and Walker the giant wet spot on the back of her leggings. She tried to pull the door but she had no strength. Walker and Rosie pulled it open for her but their already major damage on her leggings.

"Aw crap, I've ruined my leggings." Megan was luckily able to laugh off the situation due to her "I don't really give a damn" attitude.

"Don't worry, I'll let you borrow mine if you need."

"Don't bother, the period is over in a few minutes anyway. I'm just go get changed out of my gym clothes. You guys both promise this is a secret?"

"I promise" Said Rose

"I promise" Repeated Walker. "Bye Rosie, where should we meet up?"

"Lobby, 2:03."

"Got it!" Walker replied as he turned and went back to the lunchroom, eagerly awaiting the evening ahead.

*007*2017-05-21 19:53

"Ughhhh, how long can one day take?" The time between 10:30 and 2:03 was supposed to be about 4 hours, but to Walker it was taking eons. Being excited can be fun, but it can also be punishing in the way it stretches time to be longer and longer.

"Mr. Mitchell, are we paying attention?" Ms. Jackson, his Science teacher had noticed him gazing into space.

"Ugh, so-sorry miss." He stammered out and she went back to the lesson. "C'mon, only 15 more minutes." It was 1:45. Classes for the day ended at 2:00 and he would meet with Rosie in the lobby at 2:03. He looked down at his phone and started to play Ballz when he was interrupted from behind with a tap to the shoulder. He turned around to see Lynn Hudson, who was Rosie's best friend he had seen earlier at the bathroom.

"I heard you're having a date with Rosie." She whispered to him.

"Uhh, no, no; we're just gonna hang out before work." His face turned deeply red.

"I know your secret." Walker's heart started pounded. "You're secret fetish."

"Uhh, n-no there I-is no se-cret fetish."

"I know what it is... feet." Walker took a sigh of relief upon hearing that. He had never said anything about feet so he knew it was a joke.

"Really? Who told you to say that?"

"It was a joke. I just wanted to see your reaction."

"You were testing me?"

"I wanted to figur-"...

"Mr. Mitchell, Ms. Hudson do you two have something to share with the class? Whispering behind someone's back is rude you know." Ms. Jackson noticed the two talking.

"Miss, I was asking Walker about the notes."

"Good, then you can pass my tests, go to college and make something of your life."

"Dramatic" Walker thought to himself. The period ended without incident and Walker began walking out to the lobby. He felt someone looking at the back of his head and turned to see Pete about 20 feet behind him smiling devilishly. Usually at this time Pete would run up to Walker and talk to him, but today he knew to stay behind. When Walker arrived at the lobby he noticed he was slightly late, but Rosie was no where to be found. After 60 seconds of panic and overthinking he spotted her coming towards him.

"Sorry I'm late Walker, I had to do a group presentation for my French class." Walker than realized that was the reason she had been dressed up that day.

"Alright just follow me to my bus." He sunk his fingernails into his hands as punishment for his stupid line. "She's not an idiot!" His brain screamed at him.

"What did you have last period?" She asked as they started to walk outside. They were fine on time as the buses left at 2:10.

"Science with Ms. Jackson."

"Lynn has class with you that period.

"Yeah, she sure does." He whispered to himself. He cleared his throat. "You're parents are okay with this whole thing right? I would hate to have your dad showing up on my doorstep to arrest me." He referred to Rosie's Dad who was a local police officer.

"Yes they're fine with it. What about your parents?"

"I already asked them they said it was okay." Hiding the fact that had talking to his parents about Rosie almost everyday for a week.

They got to the bus and started to get on, but they were stopped by the bus driver.

"Whose the girl?" He said pointing at Rosie. He was an elderly man well into his 60s with a massive white beard.

"She's a friend. She's coming to my house." He told the bus driver before they went and found a seat. "So, uh, what do we talk about?"

"Tell me what you're favorite movie is, Walker."

"Uh, Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back."

"Why, cause the main character is named Luke SkyWALKER?" She giggled.

"Haha, very funny. What's your favorite movie?"

"Titanic." The bus ride went on for a few minutes before grinding to a halt.

"Stop #1, we get off in about 8 minutes."

"That was quick."

"I live really close to the school."

"Oh nice." Rosie looked out the window. Walker looked down at her bare knees and thighs, imagining her hands clutching inside her skirt, holding back the flood. Her knees flung around wildly and the heels of her boots clacked together. The bus came to a stop and Walker's fantasy was interrupted.

"Oh, uh Rosie we're here let's go." The two stood up and walked down the isle.

"How a good weekend." The bus driver said in his usual monotone voice. The walk home consisted of the two continuing to casually converse with one another as they approached Walker's home. Walker's mom's car was still in the driveway almost signaling of the impending embarrassment.

"My little boy is home from school!" Walker immediately regretted opening the door.

"Oh my god, mom!" His face turned beat red and Rosie started giggling.

"Oh, I'm sorry I'll just go cry now that my little boy is all grown up!" His mom sarcastically yelled and ran up the stairs, leaving him paralyzed with embarrassment.

"S-so ugh you can leave your boots next to the door." He pointed down at the corner of the doorframe. I'm just gonna put my sneakers in my room." As Rosie bent down to unzip her boots, Walker brought his sneakers up to his room and came back. He came down the stairs to see Rosie rubbing the toes of her high socks together.

"So what are we gonna do?" She said with a cheery grin.

"Well, ugh we could study." Walker shrugged. He no real intention of studying and neither did she.

"How about truth or dare?" Her smile changed from cheery to smugly.

"Okay, fine. Even though he wasn't a fan of truth or dare he didn't want to disagree with his crush.

"Truth or dare?"

"Truth"

"Who was your first kiss." Walker cursed at himself. He was already not having fun.

"I, I've never had a kiss. Truth or Dare?"

"Truth."

"What is the closest you've come to peeing yourself since you were 12?"

"Well, honestly, today."

"You barely tapped your foot!"

"I have developed a strong bladder. My turn Walker, Truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"Whose your crush?"

"I uhhhh, oh." He was backed into a corner. Butterflies filled his stomach. "I don't have one."

"C'mon, you gotta like someone?"

"That's private business, besides you would probably tell her right away anyway."

"Don't be a chicken, you gotta ask her out eventually right?"

"Yeah, yeah you're right I will." He looked at the ground, then looked up again and changed they subject. "Truth or dare?"

"Dare!" Rosie was feeling confident. Walker looked at her for a few moments, before he said it:

"Don't go to the bathroom until you get home tonight. Whatever you're holding right now, everything building up right now and all that builds inside you during work. When the last time you peed?" Rosie wasn't even phased.

"Last time I peed was when I was with you at 10:30. If I hold until I get home it would be almost 11 hours. That wouldn't even be a challenge."

"Really? So you'll do it?"

"Yes, so you'll stop thinking I have a small bladder."

"I never thought you had a small bladder, you made in your mind that I think you have a small bladder." Inside he wished she had a tiny bladder.

"Whatever you think, I'm gonna get this challenge easy! Go get me a water bottle!" Rosie was feeling adventurous now that Walker had managed to convince her to be so.

Walker couldn't contain his excitement. After a year of watching Rosie from a distance thinking "if only" he managed to get her to hold it and hang out with him. Of course, there was one final obstacle, confessing his feelings and officially asking her out.

"You ready to see my bladder's strength tonight!"

"Aye whatever happens, happens you know."

"I'm gonna breeze right through this no problem!" She confidently exclaimed as she chugged down the water bottle.

*012*2017-05-22 18:38

Thanks for all the positive reception!

I'll try to have the chapter you've all been waiting for up tonight!

*013*2017-05-23 01:35

"I can't believe you're doubting me!" Rosie giggled as she stood behind the concounter with Walker.

"How does it feel?" Walker was absolutely engrossed in watching Rosie, waiting for the first signs. He genuinely felt he was finally gonna see his ultimate fantasy fulfilled.

"Nothing I can't handle." Rosie confidently placed her hands on her hips as she looked to see the newest customer enter.

It was 5:15, only fifteen minutes since the start of their four-hour Friday evening shift. The man who had entered brought a bag of Doritos over to the counter.

"Hello sir! Is that all you're buying?" Rosie asked the man in her usual cheerful attitude.

"Yes miss." The man had no intention of speaking to anyone.

"Okay sir, here's your change." She sprinkled coins into his hand. "Have a great day!" The man ignored her as he walked out into the warm May afternoon.

"He seemed like a ray of sunshine." Walker joked about the man. He looked down to keep from staring at Rosie when he spotted her foot tapping up and down. Instantly his mind began rapidly fantasizing but he stopped it as the images started to form to keep from missing the real thing.

Click, click, click, click. The sound of the front of Rosie's boot hitting the ground echoed through the silent store. Walker stood still, trying not to stare at Rosie's lower half. The tapping was interrupted for a second as Rosie fixed her skirt.

"Still feeling confident?" Walker finally broke several minutes of silence.

"Are you kidding? I'm completely fine right now. I've held in three water bottles, a can of iced tea from lunch and several stops at the fountain from school since 10:30 and I'm fine." There was no faking it. Rosie was still genuinely confident in her ability to hold it.

"I've never seen anyone act as confident as you right now." He was slightly upset at the lack of "action" but he was also impressed.

"I'm not gonna pee myself. I said I would never pee myself again and if I thought I couldn't make it I wouldn't have accepted your challenge." She looked up to the clock. It was 5:45. "Just 3 hours and 15 minutes, nothing to sweat!" She continued to smile.

Time passed on a people came and went, including one of their teachers from school who they spoke too for a few minutes. Even though Rosie was her usual chatty self, a large amount of customers were impressed by Walker.

"Well you've changed in a week." Rosie commented after a woman left Walker with a tip for his kindness. It was about 6:35 at this time.

"I guess I've just gotten good huh?" He smiled back at Rosie. The real reason being his social liberation through talking to Rosie.

At 7:00 Walker looked at Rosie and basically gave up.

"I guess you're fine huh? There's only two hours left and you've barely tapped you're foot. Why do you even bother with the set bathroom breaks?"

"I'm starting to think maybe I can take away a few, cut it down from 10 a day to about 6."

"Ten a day? Why would you need ten when you've gotta a bladder like yours?"

"Haha, I think my pee holding skills are just that good." She flipped her hair back and looked at the ceiling confidently.

"At this point I think you win, Rosie." He felt slightly bummed as she hadn't shown any signs of desperation other than tapping her foot.

"I know I do, I'm just that good!" She claimed sarcastically. She did a dance in place, almost mocking the pee dance but without her hands. She went over to Walker. "If I make it, you have to ask out your crush the next time you see her."

Walker felt fear shake his core. He knew she was gonna make it, and he would see her right there. He had gotten so caught up in watching Rosie for signs of desperation he had forgotten to prepare himself for the possibility of asking her out.

"Don't worry Walker, you'll be fine." She reached over and tapped his shoulder lightly, and instantly she regretted it. The vribation of slapping his shoulder recoiled and shook her whole body.

Walker could see it. Rosie's eyes immediately changed. Her smile was wiped from her face and her cheerfulness evaporated into the air. She took two steps back, as if she had touched an alien. She stepped back to the far corner behind the counter.

"Oh my gawd, oh my gawd!" She crossed her legs tight at the knees.

"Uhhhh, just hold it Rosie you'll be fine." Walker's attitude changed too, his priority quickly switched from getting arousal to making sure his crush was okay. She was most definitely not okay.

Rosie leaned the whole top half of her body over the counter. Her hands were clutched in her crotch.

"Walker i'm not gonna make it!" Rosie went into a total panic. Walker saw a customer approaching the door.

"Rosie you gotta stand up someone's coming in!" She barely managed to pull herself up from the counter. She placed her hands on the counter away from her crotch. Her whole lower half swayed side to side behind the counter. The customer who came in was a college age girl who approached the counter.

"Excuse is there a restroom here?" Rosie quickly through on a fake smile.

"No ma'am there is not, one of those things here." Rosie stammered out as she danced behind the counter.

"That sucks, I have been dying for a piss for an hour!" The girl stated.

"Sorry ma'am you'll have to go somewhere e-else." Rosie started tapping her fingers on the counter.

"What kinda place doesn't have a bathroom? I mean when someone's bladder is full they gotta go!"

"Ma'am, are gonna buy something?" Walker jumped in.

"I'm gonna buy something when I have somewhere to pee!"

"You're not helping your bladder by standing here and argueing ma'am. If it's that bad go find somewhere to pee." The girl turned angrily and marched out to her car.

"Thanks." Rosie barely managed to pull off a smile. "Walker, you do know I'm not gonna make it right?"

"Don't say that, you can decide whether or not you make it not your body, I think."

"I think you need to pay better attention in Biology class." Rosie joked as she once again grabbed her crotch. She attempted to double cross her legs but her boots made it so she could only cross one of either knees or ankles. She crossed her knees and began bouncing up and down in place.

Walker looked around, trying to figure out a way for Rosie to pee discreetly.

"Hey, Rosie! I'm gonna get those big jugs of water and let you pee in them!" Walker run over to the water jugs. He picked up the container that held all of them and tried to bring it over to the counter. "I am so gonna lose my job!" He yelled to himself, although it was quite loud. He brought it over but his plan was foiled, the container couldn't fit behind the counter.

"Walker, cars!" Cars pulled into the parking lot outside and Walker scrambled to bring the container back to where it was.

"Hey" He waved to customers coming in the door as he walked back over to the counter. When to Rosie and whispered to her. "I'll take the customers."

"O-okay, thanks." Someone walked up to the counter and Walker motioned him to come over. The line started to build up at the register. Someone went over to Rosie's register.

"Um, mister? Can you come over here please?" He motioned the man over.

"It's alright I got it." Rosie took two agonizing steps up to the counter, constantly moving her legs as she took the products and the money. "Th-thank you sir."

"Thank you ma'am!" The man walked out.

By 8:15 the store was empty and Walker was going around trying to think of something he could find Rosie to pee in. He tried as hard as possible to force the arousal thoughts from his mind but seeing her dance around was almost irresistible.

"C'mon asshole, she's not a pornstar." He yelled at himself as he kept glanced at her.

He heard the door open and a woman walked in. It didn't take long to recognize her. It was the woman from the week prior, wearing dress clothes again. Walker couldn't get to the register fast enough and the woman went up to Rosie.

"H-hi ma'am." Rosie had to hold on to everything around and drag herself to the counter. The woman gave her the pack of gum and the dollar.

"You remember me?" The woman asked Rosie.

"Yes ma'am, is that all?" Rosie couldn't stand still.

"Actually, hold on!" The woman grabbed a bottle of lemonade of one of the ice containers. She sent it on the counter hard it's content sloshed around inside. "Nothing like a good bottle of lemonade to clear your throat after a long presentation at work.

In that moment, Rosie was twelve again. She was at in lemonade stand. A man walked up and asked for lemonade and she started pouring it. As she watched it fall from into the pitcher into the cup, her bladder pulsed again. In her ear, she could hear Lynn's voice on the phone. Saying waterfalls! Waterfalls! Whoosh! Her bladder contracted, sending pee into her shorts.

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh"Rosie had the heel of her left boot barely touching the tip of her right boot when it began. The stream let loose with some going straight to the floor and some going down her bare thighs. Her high socks that extended slightly past the end of her boots began soaking it up. Her panties were completely soaked and her skirt was wet on the edges. A massive puddle began forming at her feet and soaking the counter. Walker managed to get behind the counter to watch the pee as it ran down her legs and was awed by the sight. For almost two minutes he was mesmerized by the sight.

"Keep the change." The woman said as she turned to walk about. The woman threw the lemonade bottle in the trash as soon as she got outside. "Don't deny me a bathroom next time bitch." However, the woman realized too late that her own bladder had leaked at seeing Rosie pee and she had a massive wet spot on the back of her skirt . The woman began walking to her car as fast as she could in her heels but a bystander managed to snap a full picture of her wet rear end before she made it.

Inside, Rosie stood stunned at what had happened. She stepped away from the puddle, pee dripping from her boots as she lifted them up and down.

"R-Rosie are you okay?" Walker approached her.

"That was... I don't really know to describe it."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I'm not really that mad."

"R-really? You mean, you enjoyed it?" Walker couldn't believe what he was hearing.

"In a way, did you enjoy it?" She put on a huge grin.

"Oh yes I did." They got closer. "I gotta tell you the truth, I think you're really cute. Would you wanna go out with me?"

"Yes! I absolutely would!"

"Comehere miss peepee!" Rosie and Walker got closer and kissed each other right on the lips. Walker pushed her hair back. "You're the prettiest girl I've ever met." He said as they spun in circles holding each other.

"And you're the most charming guy I've ever met." She placed her head on his shoulder.

"So, what time is the first date?" Walker said to her in her ear as she lay on his shoulder.

"You mean the second?" They both laughed.

"How about Sunday? I hear there's a new pizza place over by where my friend Pete lives."

"Sounds nice." They continued to hold one another. "You know what Walker?"

"Yes baby?"

"I wouldn't trade back a thing to not pee myself tonight."

"Niether would I."

Two hours later, while lying in bed Walker received a message from Rosie saying goodnight, and with that, his day was complete.

*015*2017-05-24 19:54

You guys want me to keep going or end this story and start something new?

*018*2017-05-26 19:34

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh" Rosie unloaded her bladder into the toilet. It was still sore from her previous day holding and her morning load had felt three times heavier than usual. She pulled up old pair of running shorts she used for sleeping and realized she had leaked while she had been sleeping. Rosie was shocked, she never leaked not even during tests or long car trips.

She looked at her phone and saw it was 11:30 AM, meaning Walker had just started his shift at work. She felt lucky as she got to sleep in while he had to go to work. Although she couldn't take forever with her morning routine as she was going to hang out with Lynn at 12:15.

After showering she put on a red shirt, tight blue jeans and Boat Shoes. She pulled her blonde hair back into a ponytail and took a picture of herself in her mirror to send to Walker. However she got a call from Lynn in the process.

"Ohhhhhh, Walker I wove you Walky" Lynn started the conversation off in the usual sarcastic way she would always start in.

"Yeah, yeah. Where should I meet you?"

"Behind the Elementary school."

"Is that legal?"

"Of course it's legal. If it was Waaaaalker you would go."

"Okay than." She ended the call and sighed. Everyone at school had always wondered how Rosie and Lynn were friends due to their radically different personalities. When they were in first grade they got put next to one another in class and somehow they had popped it off right there.

Rosie stepped out her front door and walked down her driveway. It was empty as her parents were work and she was an only child so she didn't have to worry about taking care of any siblings.

The sun beat especially hot as May was on it's way out and June was quickly creeping in. Rosie quickly turned around, went into her garage and grabbed a water bottle from the mini-fridge. Than she continued back on her way.

The Elementary school she had once gone to was only fifteen minutes from her house. When she arrived she saw Lynn turned in circles like an idiot.

"I'm free, free falling!" Lynn sang to herself.

"What are you doing?"

"Enjoying myself and not wasting my time asking rhetorical questions." Lynn stopped spinning and started pacing instead. She was wearing a pink and white flower shirt, black leggings and white high-top converse. "Where's the BF?"

"Work, and why would I bring him if I was hanging out with you?"

"I used to third wheel in seventh grade remember?"

"No"

"Because it wasn't with you, you didn't have a boyfriend!" Lynn spun herself around again on her toes, her short curly brown hair slightly swinging.

"How much caffeine did you have this morning?"

"Probably too much but oh well." There was a slight pause. "Oh boy, maybe I had too much." Lynn's hips swayed slightly.

"You alright Lynn?"

"Never felt, uhhh, uh better!" Lynn straightened herself.

"So what do you want to do?"

"We can go sneak into the Middle School play, it starts at 1:00.

"Eh, alright."

The two walked seven minutes from the Elementary School to the Middle School. There was a huge line going in the front door with a ticket booth selling tickets.

"Lynn, how much money do you have on you?"

"5 bucks, why?"

"We don't have to "sneak in" a ticket is $2. I can pay you back later."

"Hell no, I'm not spending any money to see middle school kids attempt to act! We're going in the back."

"Won't there be people back there?"

"This is a school play not a presidential inauguration." The two went around to where the back door of the school conveniently happened to be open.

"This feels kinda wrong." Rosie stammered slightly nervousnessly.

"Lighten up. We're not gonna caught." Luckily Lynn was right. The two managed to walk from the door to the auditorium fine. The two girls sat in the far back beyond even the small room set up for the camera filming the play for home DVDs. The nearest people to them were 12 rows ahead.

"What are we gonna do here?" Rosie was still worried.

"When you become a worrier? You've always had an optimistic attitude."

"Uhh, I don't know." Rosie felt a slight pang in her sore bladder.

"Looks like we ain't getting out of here until it's over." Lynn pointed at the doors to the auditorium we're now had staff members watching them. "They won't let us back in if we don't have tickets."

"Oh, great." Rosie felt her bladder strike again. One bottle of water was starting to feel like three.

About a half hour into the play and boredom had struck the two girls.

"You wanna leave?" Lynn was half slouched over in her seat.

"If we walk out past the staff they're gonna know we didn't have tickets."

"Shiiiit!" Lynn was now sitting up and looking on edge.

"Whats wrong?"

"I really gotta piss." Lynn grabbed at her crotch with her left hand.

"Yeah me too." Rosie reached down to loosen her jeans but she soon realized that wasn't happening with her belt on.

"What do we do?" Lynn was now panicking

"We either go past the staff and get ourselves in trouble or we hold it."

"I sure as hell ain't handing myself in." Lynn clutched her hands over her crotch. "I can hold it."

"That's what I though yesterday." Rosie whispered to herself as she dug her hands on her own crotch.

As the school play dragged on the two girls became increasingly desperate. Rosie's bladder felt ten times worse than it should have due to the soreness.

I'm an attemp to distract herself, Rosie scanned the crowd searching for people she knew. Unfortunately, the only person she found was the same college girl who had come into the store the night prior and argued with Walker over using a bathroom. She looked away before the girl could look over for fear of being recognized. The last thing her bladder needed was someone coming over and yelling at her due to not getting a toilet.

"Rosie I'm not gonna last five more minutes, let alone an hour. I NEED to go pee!"

"Yeah, me neither. I think we're gonna have to turn ourselves in." The two carefully stood up. Lynn lost several drops into her leggings while doing so.

"Ahhhhh" Lynn let out a small shriek, drawing attention of several nearby audience members.

"Yeah, sorry! Sorry!" Rosie covered for her friend who was too desperate to even speak. "Lynn you have to be quiet!" Rosie quietly snapped at her friend. Rosie leaked out of fear as they passed the middle school staff st the door but thankfully they weren't even suspicious. When they entered the hallway, a very angry Lynn yelled at Rosie.

"We could've left like a half hour ago!"

"How was I supposed to know!" Unfortunately, the bathroom had a large que of girls, including Walker's sister Hanna.

"Look it's my brother's girlfriend!" Hanna shouted, causing all the middle schoolers to giggle while Rosie turned red faced.

"Yeah, hi, hi."

"Do any of them actually need to pee?" Lynn commented noticing that none of the middle schoolers appeared even slightly desperate.

"Hey, guys could we get in front of you guys it's just that we really gotta go." Rosie attempted to get in front of the line, but it was a bad mistake.

"Waterfalls! Waterfalls!" The middle schoolers shouted as Rosie and Lynn squirmed in place.

"Rosie we can't stay here!"

"Let's go, there's a bathroom on the other side of the school." The two sprinted to the other end of the school, leaking the whole way there. However when they arrived, all they faced was more defeat as the bathroom was locked.

"Nonononononono!" Lynn threw herself the bathroom door, left hand spinning the knob in vain while the right slapped the door repeatedly. As the two continued to bounce up and down, a girl came around the corner. It was the college age girl.

"Did you two lock this bathroom?" The girl was as visibly desperate with her hands buried in the crotch of her white jeans.

"No, we're desperate too!" Lynn said not thinking twice.

"If I wet myself because you two locked the damn bath- wait a minute, I know you!" She pointed at Rosie.

"Uhh, no you don't." Rosie took several steps back, feeling her bladder push down harder each step.

"Arrgggghhhh!" The girl squirmed fast, more desperate than Rosie and Lynn put together. "Nooooo!" The girl began a light but steady stream. As she attempts to stop it in vain several of the middle school girls came around the corner.

"Oh my god she peed herself!" The girl ran off in tears leaving Rosie and Lynn desperate with a bunch of 14 and 13 year olds watching them.

"Were do we go now?" Lynn turned to Rosie.

"We gotta pee outside!" The two sprinted outside and ran into a corner.

"Oh thank god!" Lynn ran into the corner and began taking off her leggings.

"Lynn, wait!" Rosie struggled with her tight belted jeans. Lynn turned and pulled up her leggings- big mistake. Pee began flowing down Lynn's legs.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Lynn was mesmerized as she peed and Rosie decided to give in as well and flooded her jeans. After they finished the two made eye contact and started laughing hysterically. They stood up carefully to not get anymore pee on them.

"Lynn, take a picture of my wet jeans." Rosie looked down at her jeans which were completely soaked.

"Why?"

"Just do it!" Rosie handed Lynn her phone. Lynn walked a few feet behind Rosie and took the picture.

"Why'd you need that?" Lynn asked as she handed Rosie back her phone.

"Nothing special." Rosie went into text messages and went to Walker. She sent him the photo labeled "for you :)".

"You wanna go to my house to clean up, there's a path through the woods that will keep you from getting seen."

"Okay sure" And the two set off.

###

19-year old Natalie Peltzer leaned against the outside wall of the middle school, sobbing to herself. She had been seen peeing herself by several middle schoolers and she was certain she had been sabotaged by a teenage girl. She pulled her hands from her face and saw a woman in roughly her late 20s approaching.

"Hello?" She asked the woman.

"Hello, I'm Christina Hannon. Last night I had a "run in" with the same teenage girl you did."

"Blonde hair?"

"Yeah, she works at that convenience store that everyone goes too. I was thinking you and me could share a similar goal." The 31-year old continued.

"What do you want me to do?" Natalie started smiling.

"Meet me tomorrow at Giordo's pizza, I think it's time she be put in her place." She then turned and walked away.

*022*2017-06-03 12:53

Sorry for taking so long, I had the next chapter 95% done and I accidentally deleted it.

