Tsunade's strange morning

Author: Anna May

*000*2014-07-19 18:39

The sun had just risen in Konohagakure. Through the windows of Lady Tsunade, the fifth Hokage, the rays of light broke through the window. This stimulus caused Tsunade to wake up from her sleep. Beginning her day, she brushed her blonde "morning hair" straight and threw on her normal attire. She walked out from her room inside of the Hokage's mansion. Tsunade had a daily routine that started with a morning walk after having a small breakfast.

She sat at a table. She waited for her personal chef to make her a meal. This meal consisted of usually over-salted chicken breast, requested by Tsunade, and a helping of rice covered in eel sauce. To add to this, she drinks a large bottle of water to compensate for the salty food. Tsunade took about fifteen minutes to finish eating. She rushed down the remaining bottle of water. She went to leave the mansion when she was greeted by a member of the ANBU who told her that he would be escorting her from afar during her daily walk. This was normal, though nothing ever seemed to happen during these walks.

This was a normal time for everyone in the village to awake. Tsunade found this the best time to say her greetings and check up on the village, since everyone had just awoken they were generally in a better mood then in the middle of the day. She began to take her leave. As soon as she walked out of the mansion's door, she took a large stretch before continuing onward.

Her first stop was going to be a tea house close to the mansion, not even a ten minute walk. On the way, she said hello to a few villagers that were doing thing outside of their house, small chores like sweeping and just casually standing outside. She arrived at the tea house almost nine minutes later, and was greeted by the tea house owner as per usual. The tea owner put them into a public booth where later more villagers would come to chat with the lady. Today was different, however, Tsunade found herself ordering and drinking at least 4 servings of tea, as opposed to normally having only one or two. She said her goodbyes before taking her leave. Outside, across the road, Naruto spotted her.

"Grandma Tsunade!" shouted Naruto, "What are you doing?!" Naruto ran over to Lady Tsunade.

"Good morning, Naruto. I'm out for my daily walk. What are you up to today? Care to join me?"

"Yea- oh wait, I forgot. I had to wake up early today to go have an early training with Kakashi-sensei." he said, in an innocent voice.

"Oh? And when does that start?" asked Tsunade.

"Kakashi said to get there before the... sun rose... well, I have to run!" shouted Naruto since he had already begun his running off to train with Kakashi.

Tsunade laughed. She didn't know what would become of Naruto for arriving late, but at that moment, a slight urge hit her bladder. I should probably find a toilet soon. she thought to herself. Tsunade continued to walk, heading in the direction of an inn that was around a thirty minute walk. Her bladder pains rapidly grew. I could just go back to the tea house... she thought to herself No! I am a grown woman, I can hold it until I reach my next destination.

Tsunade pressed on. As she walked, the multiple servings of tea would soon catch up with her. It soon became a problem for her, as she now had to shift her legs around to comfortably hold it in. I'm still only a few minutes from the tea house... Tsunade thought to herself. Tsunade didn't want to have to return to the tea house to only use the restroom, but she had no choice, she reverted her path and began making way for her previous destination.

From the distance, Tsunade heard a voice call out "Lady Tsunade!" Tsunade turned toward the voice, and it turned out to be Sakura.

"Hello Sakura." she said trying to retain a calm appearance "What are you doing today?" she asked, regretting it now that she had started a conversation.

"Nothing today," she responded "Kakashi-sensei canceled practice."

"Canceled? I heard that he and Naruto were having a training session."

"WHAT?!" yelled Sakura, confused but obviously quite angry "That liar! He-" Sakura started rambling on. This continued for a few minutes before she finally stormed off yelling "NARUTO!".

Tsunade sighed. She was relieved that Sakura had left, since she had stopped her in her quest to reach the toilet.

Tsunade's bladder pains seemed to grow at every step. Pretty soon she had to stop for a second and lean forward a to contain her bladder. Just a bit longer! she thought to herself. Tsunade began taking slower steps, although wanting to move faster, it was much easier for her to contain the contents that she desperately wanted to release.

Her slow steps weren't helping. The tea house was more than a few minutes away from her and her bladder was bursting. I- I can't wet myself! I'm the hokage! she thought, trying to re-assure herself. She walked on, but she had to throw her hand between her legs every so often to help contain it. The ANBU member who was accompanying her was confused on her behavior and left it alone for now.

She finally reached the door of the tea house. Sweet relief she thought to herself. She then looked at a sign on the door and it read "Closed until tommorow"

Tsunade fell to her knees. She knew that there wasn't another feasible place to use a toilet anywhere near by. The ANBU member jumped down. "Lady Tsunade, what is the problem?" he asked, concerned. Tsunade had her hands between her legs, she didn't utter a word. She let it all out, right there. She could have held it longer, but she didn't see a point in doing so. Under her water formed a puddle, an embarassed look struck her face for only a second, if that. She then stood up, urine dripped from her dark colored pants into the already formed puddle.

"Everything is fine." she said, retaining her official status. "I will be heading back to the mansion now." she said angrily, finish off without another word. The ANBU agent was quite confused about the entire situation, but he continued his mission to escort her.

Fin.

This was the first fanfic that I have written, and it was requested by another member of this site. I am happy with it.

Comments, concerns, questions, compliments, insults, criticisms and anything else are welcomed below.

*002*2014-07-20 07:37

Could you go into a bit more detail on what you mean? I would love to refine my writing skills to make the next ones come out a better quality.

