A Friendly Experiment

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2013-11-22 01:48

Okay, story number two... Even weirder than the first! For those of you who didn't read my last one, I write with robots. Yes, omorashi robots. I'm not sure if that's ever even been done before I came along, but that's not important. Point is, if that's not your thing, I'd appreciate it if you would just hit the backspace. This piece is notably longer than my first and features far more desperation, as well as an entirely different set up. It's essentially an AU of my last one, so the only thing that stays the same is the characters.

I tried to include more description so you could get a vague idea of what they look like, but I apologize if it's insufficient. I'd like to include a warning here and now that there is a degree of what is technically female on female sexual activity and nudity, though it is relatively minor and with, well, robots. If anything in here violates any kind of regulations, than I'd appreciate it if someone would let me know so I can correct it. And with that, I hope this at least entertains someone...

Stepping into the elevator with just the slightest bit of a hurry, Flare turned just in time to see Tide hobble in behind her as the door swished shut. Stooped over, the younger femme immediately leaned back against the wall, her hands firmly tucked between her legs. She'd had to pee for the past half hour now, and Flare had watched her go through all the stages of desperation; from subtle squirming to shameless crotch holding. Though she was playing the part of the concerned but slightly amused friend, the older femme was enjoying the show in a far more intimate way. It was she who had slipped Tide the substance causing her desperation, after all, and she intended to get the most from her efforts.

And at that moment, with the object of her affection nearing the breaking point, it was certainly proving to be worth the work. The same femme who was typically too shy to draw any kind of attention to herself was now squirming and whining in her spot, her pink cheeks flushed light blue from a mix of effort and embarrassment. Hitting the button for the fortieth floor, Flare forced herself to keep her expression neutral and her optics from staring, as hard as that may have been.

"Just relax." she encouraged the bouncing femme. "My apartment's right by the exit on my floor. You just need to hold on a little longer."

"Easy for you to say... Ooh..."

Creators, that whine... The older femme was growing impatient herself, but for an entirely different reason. She'd had an optic on the sweet little femme for some time now, and had only recently found the courage to make a move. Sure, Tide wasn't interested in other femmes, and sure she had just gone into her first serious relationship, but where was the harm in one night of fun? Tide had even said it herself; she'd always wondered what being with another femme would be like, and who better to show her?

"Ngh... I've never had to go this bad..." Tide whined, leaning against the wall. "I don't even remember drinking that much..."

"Really? You downed quite a few. They must have just gotten away from you." Flare replied, having expected such a remark. "Regardless, we're almost there." The blinking numbers signaled only twelve more floors to go, assuming no one else needed the elevator, Creators forbid.

"If I can last that long..." she whined, sinking down against the wall with a keen of near defeat.

"Oh no, you've lasted this long, you're not having an accident here." Flare insisted, realizing a moment too late that her emphasis on the last word sounded more than a little odd. Fortunately enough for her, Tide was too preoccupied holding back a flood to notice any unusual pronunciation. In fact, she was apparently too focused to notice anything beyond her painful need to pee. As much as she hated to admit it, that was proving very beneficial to the older femme. In the cramped but well lit elevator, she had a perfect and up close show all to herself, and it was growing impossible not to stare, and she found her optics wandering.

Physically, Tide was cute more than she was conventionally attractive, at least by the standards of their race. She was tiny too; a mere seven feet, which put her a whole head shorter than Flare. But her rare pink colored metal and unique proportions, namely her small shoulders and bust accented by broad hips for a more curvy figure, made for a very pleasing overall image. Flare, in contrast, was quite her opposite. Tall and more thickly built with a far more "boxy" appearance, the orange accented white femme couldn't help but wonder what their physical differences would mean in bed. The very idea only increased her excitement, and the current show did much to help set her mood.

From her crossed legs to her blushing cheeks, the cute femme was the picture of desperation, and it was driving her wild. A few beads of blue coolant had squeezed out through the femmes seams in her exertion, highlighting the bright pink of her finish in areas that were being taxed to the fullest. Unsurprisingly, her thighs and distended tummy were the slickest yet, as her synthetic tissues and pressure controls at the fork of her legs struggled to hold back the flood. Creators, those sleek, trembling thighs... Watching them alone was making her quite aware of her own growing needs...

Ping

The door opened wide as they reached the appropriate floor, revealing a thankfully empty hallway. Leading the way, Flare hurried over to the first door on the right, silently putting her plan into motion. Pulling her card from her pack, she went to slide it in the monitor beside the door right when Tide came up beside her.

"Hurry..." the younger femme whimpered, bouncing on the spot. "Please hurry..."

You're not helping me focus, Hun... the older femme mused to herself, swiping her identification card with fumbling fingers. The sounds of desperation from the femme were now closer to her audio receptor than ever, and the hard panting broken only by gasps and keens of near defeat made focusing close to impossible. Biting her lip, Flare fought against the aroused haze settling over her consciousness, typing in her combination and preparing to act fast. Tide was stooped over now, her knees bent and her hands squeezing the fork of her legs for dear life. Both femmes felt immediate relief when the door whooshed open, but for far different reasons. Keeping her thighs together, Tide hurried inside, grateful just to be out of public and in the home of a friend where she could relieve herself in private. She didn't know, of course, that that same friend now had a very different form of relief in mind.

Staying just behind, Flare slipped a quick hand into her bag, grabbing a bracelet like item but not removing it. Tide had just taken her first few struggling steps when Flare took over, putting an arm around the femme in a gesture of support.

"Here, to the left and down this hall." she instructed, keeping a quick pace for the sake of her friend. They went past the living room and down said hallway, reaching the bedroom and, at last, the bathroom. The sigh of relief from the young femme told Flare that now was the time to act, and before Tide could take another step the bracelet was snapped onto her upper arm. In the blink of an optic, the pink femme froze, becoming a living statue just feet from the toilet.

"F-Flare?" she stuttered, still capable of speech and having felt the touch on her arm. "What did you-"

"It's a system override ring." the older femme explained proudly, circling the frozen younger and admiring her from every angle. From her bag, she pulled forth a second item, a remote that was just one touchscreen. "And I have the control."

"I... I don't..."

"You've seriously never heard of these?" she replied with genuine surprise. "They were used just to control convicts, until a rather brilliant marketer found they had fantastic potential for... other uses." Going around to Tide's left, she admired the simple metal band clamped to the upper arm and its pulsing green lights. "With this, I have full control over your systems; though there are limits of course. I obviously can't take away your ability to speak or control your essential systems, and all your vitals are kept within a safety zone, but-" She came around to face the femme at her mercy, leaning down and locking their optics with a smirk. "I'm in charge of everything else. Your temperature, your movement, your waste systems..."

"Okay, I get it, you could make me pee myself if you wanted to. Very funny." Tide strained in a rush, whining in pain as her desperation loomed without any way to move and alleviate the discomfort. "Now please, please let me go! It's not as bad now, but I'm gonna lose it soon..."

"Not until you hit your physical limit or I hit this button." Flare countered, pointing to said spot on the screen. Tide watched the older femme hover a digit over the glowing screen, her optics wide with awe and a bit of fear. That one single dot on a screen was all that stood between her and a puddle on the floor.

"Why are you even doing this?" Tide questioned, sounding far more confused than hurt. "Is this payback for that nurse joke? I told you, I wasn't-"

"Payback? Hun, you asked me for this." she said, returning to circling the femme. "Remember our girls night last month? After a few drinks, you told me you'd always wanted to try another femme, and how desperation was a huge turn on that you wished someone else would try with you. I told you that I could help, and you said that you'd like it."

"I was drunk. I didn't mean-"

"Oh, but you did. You weren't wasted, you were loose. Loose enough to be honest." Flare purred, leaving the femme to go over to the sink. From the drawer beneath it, she took out a small, unassuming box, opening it to reveal two unlinked wrist binds. "And now I'm going to fulfill my promise." Unable to see what the older femme was doing from her current position, Tide let out a sound of pained frustration.

"What does any of that have to do with this?!" she said, still unable to even squirm and alleviate some of her pain and growing frustrated. "How am I supposed to enjoy this?!"

"Hun, this is how I'm going to get off."

"...What?"

"I'm going to need an overload too, and watching you have an accident is how I'm going to get it." Flare elaborated, smiling at the absolutely floored expression the comment received.

"You're... You're going to make me pee myself? Right here?" Tide squeaked, watching the older femme stand in front of her.

"Well... not right there, no." Flare replied, lifting the cuffs for Tide to see. "I'm going to move you first." The younger femme only gulped, completely at the mercy of her friend. Taking Tide's wrists, Flare pulled them to her without resistance, completely capable of moving her captive into any position she desired. Tide let out a moan at the loss of much needed pressure on her valve; even if she couldn't pee herself at the moment, it sure felt like she could. Snapping a cuff onto each wrist, Flare took the femme by the shoulders and lifted so she would stand straight, drawing a moan at the increased pressure it created down low.

Dragging the immobile femme to the wall just across from the toilet and to the left of the shower, Flare suddenly found herself having to make a choice. The cuffs would attach to the wall and restrain Tide, but she needed to decide if the femme would be facing her or not. Both ways definitely had advantages, but which sounded more appealing? If she had her back to the wall, Tide would give her an excellent show with facial expressions alone, not to mention she'd be able to admire her small but perky bust... But, turn the femme around, and she'd get a perfect view of a lovely aft and a better vantage point to watch the flow when it happened... Making up her mind, she turned Tide so she faced away from the wall, lifting up her arms to restrain her.

"Do I really have to do this?" Tide asked as Flare pushed her wrists against the wall above her head and the cuffs latched on with a magnetic grip, leaving her elbows just a little slack. To her surprise, the older femme didn't answer her, and instead took her by the chin and pulled her in for a kiss. Going wide opticed initially at the alien sensation of kissing another femme, Tide relaxed after a few moments of the sensuous touch, closing her optics just as Flare pulled back.

"Tide, I'm going to make you feel good in ways you didn't think were possible..." she purred, looking at the femme with a hunger. Giving her a quick peck, the older femme trailed her lips back to Tide's audio receptor, whispering to send shivers down the young femmes spinal strut. "And all you've got to do... is have this little accident for me. That's all. And it'll be a great way to try out wetting firsthand, right?"

"But I... I can't..." Tide whimpered, trying to shake her head on instinct. "I can't go with you watching..."

"Pretty soon, you won't have a choice." she reasoned, stepping back and picking up the remote to flip through its settings. "But I'll leave that up to you. Let's see... I'll dial up your node sensitivity, increase your temperature... and just for fun, I'll make sure you can't put your thighs together." More than a little wary, Tide watched the older femme enter the instructions, quite aware that she could make her lose all control with the touch of a button. Unfortunately for her, that thought reminded her of what she was going to be doing very soon. Blushing, she tried to take her focus away from the soon to be flood from her tank, but to no avail. In her entire adult life, she'd never once come close to having an accident, and had certainly never been this desperate. But now... how much longer could she possibly last?

"Now be ready hun, once I hit this button, it's up to you to hold it in." Flare said, making the femme tense every synthetic muscle she had. Squeezing the area between her legs, she focused all of her willpower on keeping her valve sealed, determined to fight for as long as she could. After all, if she held out long enough, Flare might lose interest, right? It was a faint hope, but it was all she had. Hitting the key, Flare released her from the paralyzation, and Tide immediately bent down to try and hold it all in. To her great surprise and horror, the urge to pee suddenly grew to be almost unbearable, and she had to squeeze with all of her might to hold it back. What's more, like Flare had said, she had no ability to bring her thighs together, as the programing made pushing them closed as impossible as bringing two similarly charged magnets together. With clenched dentals, the femme persevered, holding back her pee and not letting even a drop escape.

"Impressive." Flare praised, setting the control back down. Approaching the femme again, she lifted her chin to look at her. "But when you do finally give, we don't want you to make a mess..."

Tide didn't have an answer, and was far too preoccupied with her problem to think over the meaning. Flare only smirked and released her chin, sinking to her knees so that she was eye level with the femmes squirming hips. Struggling though she was, Tide still felt a rush of awkwardness at the closeness, wary of what the femme might attempt.

"Keep your hips steady." Flare ordered, looping her fingers under her pelvic covering. Quivering but remaining otherwise still, Tide let her do as she wished, biting her lip and blushing when the older femme began to undo the attachments on the sides. With a clack, the metal plating fell to the ground, letting cool air flow over the soft synthetic material beneath her armor. Whimpering at her exposure, Tide averted her optics as the femme leaned in to admire her, trying to focus instead on holding it. A gasp escaped her when two exploring hands took a firm hold of her weighty aft, squeezing it before sliding down to massage her thighs. Emitting a shaking sigh, she struggled to focus on holding her pee while dealing with the incredibly wonderful sensations down low.

"Oh... Why does... why does that feel so good?" she asked, relishing in the trails of pleasure Flare's fingers left behind.

"I tuned up your sensory nodes, remember?" Flare teased, loving the expressions she was earning for such little effort on her part. "Everything you feel is amplified. Pleasure, pain... pressure." To demonstrate, she pressed down on the femmes extended stomach, drawing out a loud keen of pain from Tide.

"Okay, okay, I get it! Please don't do that again!"

"Wouldn't dream of it." Flare assured, standing up to look her in the optic. "But now that you're bare down there..." She dropped her optics to the pink femmes chest covering, and even as desperate as she was, Tide immediately saw her intentions. Gulping, she felt her blush intensify. Sure, Flare had seen her bare chested before, but it had never been in a situation like this. Taking her into her arms, Flare reached around to the femmes back, searching for her clasp. When she found it, Flare wasted no time undoing it, but took her sweet time pulling the strapless covering forward, relishing in the steady reveal of the femmes bust. Dropping the plating to the ground, she revealed the twin blue translucent breasts to the open air, their rubber nozzles stiff at attention. Smirking, she kissed the tip of the left, swirling her tongue around it and sucking gently.

"Ohhh..." Tide moaned in absolute ecstasy, relishing at being touched in ways she'd only imagined before. Her overpowered nodes magnified the pleasure created by the skillful femmes tongue tenfold, almost allowing her to forget her pressing needs down low. A sound of loss escaped her when the attention stopped, but it was quickly replaced by whines of pain when she came back down to earth and remembered her current predicament. Stepping back, Flare stopped to just stand and admire the naked and desperate beauty before her, trailing her optics over the femmes curves and gazing at her exposed privates with a touch of hunger.

"Well, while we're waiting..." Flare announced after she'd finished soaking in the sights. "I think I'll get some relief of my own." With that, she walked over to the toilet, taking slow and deliberate steps to tease the desperate femme. Realizing what she was doing, Tide let out a whine and desperately tried to squeeze her thighs together once more.

"Flare! That's just mean..."

"I don't see why." Flare replied, slipping off her pelvic covering and letting it drop to the floor. Sitting down, she spread her legs to give the other femme an unobstructed view, watching her reactions all the while. "You can let go any time you want. All you've got to do is relax, and..." Closing her optics, Flare let go of all the drinks she'd had at lunch, sighing as her valve opened and released a stream into the bowl. The unmuffled pattering of urine hitting porcelain rang out loud and clear in the bathroom, followed by the trickling as it splashed into the water.

"Flare, come on..." Tide pleaded, bouncing and pulling on her restraints, unable to take the sound and sight of sweet relief so tantalizingly close in her current state. Flare ignored her and spread her legs wider, giving her a perfect show of the steady flow from her lips. Tide, normally too bashful to watch such a private act, couldn't force her optics away. The loud hiss accompanying the visible stream seemed to taunt her, tempting her with the unimaginable relief that was all too easy to achieve. Sweat began beading all along her body once more, collecting quickly in response to her exertion and high temperature. In a cruel twist, some began tickling her heightened nodes as it dribbled down her inner thighs, reminding her far too much of another bodily fluid and temporarily pushing her past a breaking point "I'm... I-I can't... Ah... Ah!"

A single spurt squeezed past her lips, spraying from the intense pressure so that only a few drops made it directly to the ground. The rest splashed onto the inside of the femmes thighs, making her optics go wide as she felt the hot liquid fill the crevices of her lips and run in rivulets down to her ankles. A shock of stimulants filled her veins as the pee chilled, her overpowered sensory nodes allowing her to feel the damp trails every individual drop had left down her legs. A deep sense of shame and shock settled over her at the realization of what she'd just done. For the first time in her adult life, her body had relieved itself against her will, even if it was only a few drops.

"And so it begins." Flare announced, not bothering to wipe and picking up a vibrator from her box. Widening her entrance with one hand, she turned the device on and inserted it with the other, holding it in place with her lips so that its extending "bunny ears" firmly hugged her sweet spot. A small moan escaped her at the delightful sensations, and she settled back on the seat to enjoy the lovely sight before her.

Putting her head down, Tide returned all of her attention to not losing control again, wishing she could squeeze her thighs together to aid herself. Whatever the thing was doing to her, it made it nearly impossible to have her thighs any less than two inches from each other, which was only making things even more difficult. Regardless, she had to work with it, and she was confident in her ability to do so. Shifting her weight from side to side, she tried to focus on anything but her need to release, knowing that Flare was thoroughly enjoying watching her. But hey, if she got an overload before she lost control, then what need was there to torment her any longer?

The only sound in the room that followed was the gentle hum of the vibrator and the labored ventilations and grunts from the ailing femme. Sitting back and relaxing, Flare relished in the steady stimulation of her clit, feeling her whole body heating up with arousal. She'd fantasized about this for quite some time, and to finally have it happen for real was beyond anything her imagination could have ever created. Tide didn't seem to even notice that she was pleasuring herself to her struggle, or perhaps she just didn't care. Watching the femme bounce and whimper in defiance to her body's needs, Flare couldn't resist the urge to mess with Tide a little more. Leaning over in her seat to the sink on her left, she turned the knob on to start a steady flow of water, watching for Tide's reaction all the while. With surprising speed, she snapped her head up at the sight, locking her optics on the source of the noise and then moaning in near agony.

"Flare, come on! It's bad enough... that you're... making me go through this... Oooh!" Straining from sheer effort, Tide began ventilating hard in her struggle to maintain control, sweating from the toll it took on her. The pressure on her valve had been painful before, but the teasing sound of running water made it impossible for her to blot out any of that pain, and instead made her all too aware of how easy it would be to relieve it. Now shameless, she began hopping from one foot to another in a degrading but somewhat effective attempt to ease her suffering, feeling the contents of her full tank slosh around inside her.

Biting her lip to restrain a moan, Flare felt her sweet spot let out a surge of pleasure at the provocative sight. But it wasn't enough, not yet... Reaching back over to the sink, Flare pulled the stopper down, letting some water pool before she slowed the flow to a thin stream. The resulting trickling sounded painfully similar to the tail end of urine stream splashing into water, and Flare could only smirk as she watched her torment take effect.

"No no no nooo..." Tide moaned in weak defiance, letting out a plethora of pained squeals. A keen of despair passed her lips as a familiar hot dampness appeared at the fork of her legs, and she realized she was losing once more.

That's it hun... That's it... Flare mused to herself, massaging the tender wiring beside her port. Her optics were locked on the meeting point of the femmes legs, waiting for the inevitable waterfall. Let it flow...

A hot squirt of pee jetted out with an accompanying hiss, splashing against the floor and creating a baseball sized puddle on contact. The femme immediately clamped down with renewed vigor, but couldn't stop a second leak. Rather than coming out in a clean spurt, this one sprayed as a result of her squirming, and her inner thighs were once again covered in a splash of urine. A loud gasp escaped her as the hot liquid rolled and dripped off her legs, making her feel damp and uncomfortable as it collected around her feet. The itchy wetness she felt was made worse as she became aware of a previously undetectable draft, and she felt the cold drops meander their way to the floor. Thighs quivering, she realized then that the leaks hadn't even offered any relief, and she now had to go even more than before. Groaning, she bounced on the spot, trying desperately not to step in any of her own miniature puddles.

"Flare please..." she begged, hoping to appeal to the femmes sense of mercy. "I have to pee so bad..."

"I know..." Flare replied, a little strained from her mounting sensations of pleasure. A delightful tingling had begun to fill her from her hips to her feet, telling her that her body was getting quite close to its climax. "And we both know how you can fix that."

Whimpering with pain, Tide felt herself at a loss. Flare was bound to be hitting her peak soon, but could she really last that long? The device magnified all sensations, including the ones currently tormenting her from between her legs, and she doubted she could stand much more of the unnatural level of desperation. It was as if a full waterfall was sealed up inside her belly, and was ramming itself against her tiny hole until she would inevitably fail.

Despite her own common sense, she looked back to the still running water of the sink, and her optics fixated on the thin trickle of clear, sparkling fluid. On a desperation induced whim, her mind conjured up the image of said stream flowing out of her, and brought with it the thought of relief from her current nightmare. Creators, it would be so easy too... Just a matter of spreading her thighs and letting it all go. Why was it important to hold it in anyway? It wasn't like she was in public or anything, and it would be quite easy to clean up once she was done, not to mention that Flare was waiting for it in the first place. Why torment herself any longer?

Unable to ignore the logic of the argument and too far gone to even try and debate it, she spread her knees and closed her optics, giving in to her primal needs. A powerful stream started up without hesitation, arcing neatly and pattering against the tile floor to join with her previously collected puddles. A loud sigh of satisfaction slipped from her as her body finally got the relief it had yearned for, and the loud hissing brought an intense sense of ease even after only two seconds of peeing. She was tempted to moan from the feeling of relief, but stopped when her own conscious thought finally broke through the haze of satisfaction.

No no no! You're a grown femme and you're peeing yourself! Stop!

Crying out, she tried to force her exhausted muscles to close down and stop her own self created flow, her legs struggling to cross and aid with the efforts. To her horror, the stream didn't stop like the previous leaks, and the torrent collided with her jumbled legs to cascade down them in thick rivulets, soaking them in full. Keening in pain at what felt like scalding liquid, she ignored her dripping legs and focused only on stopping her accident. Managing to make the flow fluctuate, she finally stopped it entirely, but was left standing in a lopsided puddle and even more desperate for relief than ever before. Dripping from the hips down, she resorted to whatever method she could to hold in her pee, no longer in control of her vocal chords as she let out a new sound with every movement. It felt like the entire worlds water supply was weighing down on the fork of her thighs, and she couldn't even cross her legs to relieve the pressure!

Watching the entire display through lidded optics, Flare had to bite her hand to keep back a moan, feeling her overload drawing near. She was holding it off though, waiting for the desperate femme to finally give in so she could synchronize her finish with the perfect sight to go with it. Thankfully enough, she knew she didn't have to wait much longer.

Tide felt hot tears of agony in the corner of her optics, but she ignored them with what little willpower she had left. Flare was close, she could tell just by looking at her, and surely she only had to hold on for a few more minutes. And then, Creators willing, she'd be able to relieve herself in a much less humiliating way.

Suddenly she became aware of a new sensation spreading outward from between her legs, filling her with a feeling that she couldn't identify. At first, she passed it off as just being a part of her body's torment, only to then come to the horrifying truth. Her body didn't care about her dignity or about the promise of a few minutes wait, it wanted full relief, it wanted it now, and it was going to get it whether she liked it or not. Despite her horror, the sensation continued to spread, and all she could do was stand and let her body take over.

Ventilating hard, Flare immediately recognized the femmes subtle but undeniable change in demeanor, and saw it as what she'd been waiting for all along. Oh hun, yes... Let it happen, I'm ready for you...

Tide took quick, panicky ventilations as she felt herself losing control, letting out a string of increasingly high pitched cries until she finally felt her body take over. In one swift movement, she spread her legs wide and pushed her hips forward, letting out a keen of defeat as she lost the war with her bladder and started to pee.

The hissing that accompanied the release was loud enough to be impressive, and the spattering as it collided with the floor was even more so. Tide had always imagined that if she ever were to have an accident, it would be met with tears and shame, not to mention a full struggle until the end. But at that moment, with the source of all her pain cascading out of her, she could only tilt her head back and moan in delight, giving in entirely to her body's need. Just as the device had magnified her pain while holding if, it magnified her relief while urinating, sending waves of nearly orgasmic pleasure throughout her entire body that sent her soaring high.

Watching the femme finally give in, Flare felt her own release come at last, her port clenching and relaxing rhythmically in a fantastic overload. Hurrying, she turned off the sink, wanting to hear nothing but the sweet sound of flowing urine. Moaning in absolute ecstasy, she traced her optics over Tides beautiful form. The younger femme had lolled her head against her arm, her jaw going slack and her optics closing in overwhelming pleasure as she finally settled back in an exhausted daze to enjoy her relief.

Moving her gaze downward, Flare focused on the pee still flowing freely from between Tide's quivering and parted thighs, fixating her optics on the lovely sight and listening intently to the sweet hiss as it charged out of the femme. The sparkling yellow stream flowed cleanly from Tide's lips to the floor, creating such a perfect sight she wished that she could stick a hand, or perhaps her chest, beneath it. The small puddles beneath Tide had since been engulfed by one single mini lake that continued to grow, encircling her feet and going beyond. A few stray rivulets slid down her thighs, intermingling with the sweat that had collected there and dropping down to join the puddle below.

Coming down from the initial high of the release but still dazed from the euphoria, Tide opened her optics and lifted her head, spiraling back down to earth with clear confusion as to what was happening. A feeling of wonderful relief was surging from down low, and a hot wetness was cascading down her legs in thick rivulets. With optics still lidded, she followed the source of a loud hissing and looked down past her breasts and tummy to ascertain the source of the strange sensations coming from her valve.

A stream squirted away from the meeting point of her thighs and splashed into a puddle at her feet, with a few smaller rivulets from the same source racing down her legs. She also felt hot spurts of whatever the liquid was squirting backward between her aft cheeks, creating a strange but not at all unpleasant sensation as it dribbled down her thighs. At first, the sight and sensations confused her, if only because of the wrongness of it all. It took her a moment to put the pieces together in her haze, but she was eventually able to come to the obvious conclusion.

I'm peeing.

The two simple words were all it took to bring her fully back to reality, and only then did their full weight sink in. She, a grown femme with a perfect record, was peeing down her own legs. Hanging her head, she went limp on her feet, relying on the support of her cuffed wrists to keep her standing. Opening her optics, she looked down and watched herself pee. A puddle beneath her reflected so clearly that she could not only see her face, but the inside of her legs as well, letting her watch the stream pour out from between her lips. The clear yellow fluid had spread far on the white tile, and she realized then that she was standing right in the middle of it, her feet surrounded by her own lake. Casting her optics upward to Flare, she saw that the femme had since come down from her overload, and was now watching her as she enjoyed the afterglow.

"Creators Tide, you had to pee didn't you?" she commented after the femme didn't slow down after a solid minute, her overworked bladder still pushing out its contents.

"Mmm..." Tide grunted, leaning her head against her arm. The scent of pee was starting to fill up the bathroom, and Tide looked down once more to check her progress. Her own puddle of shame was still growing, but her stream had thankfully begun to ebb and fluctuate, and true relief was starting to settle in. At last, the flow slowed to a trickle and stopped abruptly, but Flare clicked her tongue in disapproval.

"Oh come on... I know you've got more than that. Let it all out."

Blushing at being caught, Tide closed her optics, hesitating for a few moments before pushing out the rest. A steady trickle about as thick as a pencil, started up, dribbling down to tinkle against the puddle below. The delicate stream sent small droplets splashing onto the femmes ankles, going for about twenty seconds before stopping. When the last drop had fallen, Tide went limp where she stood, standing in her own self made lake of shame and dripping her cold pee from the waist down. Tired, embarrassed, naked and uncomfortably wet, she wanted nothing more than to wipe herself down and go to bed, even if it was only six o'clock. Hearing footprints splashing toward her, she looked up to see a very satisfied face looking down at her, her pelvic plating left on the floor behind her.

"You were perfect, hun." Flare praised, unsnapping the ring off her shoulder. It was true; the completely virginal femme had done everything right for erotic desperation. The squirming, the leaks, struggling even when she was already soaked, and then finally giving in only when her body couldn't take any more... Creators, it was a good thing she'd recorded it all with her internal gray box. This would be ideal masturbation fodder for months. Unlocking the femmes restraints, she caught her as she fell, looping her arms under hers and supporting her. "Now come on, let's get you cleaned up..."

"Okay." Tide rasped, letting herself be half dragged to the large shower. Flare opened the sliding door and guided her in, but Tide looked back at her puddle with a murmur. "But what about that..."

"I've got an automated cleaning bot that will take care of it. Don't worry."

"Okay." she replied again, looking around the spacious tile shower. Flare left her standing on her own and went to turn on one of the many nozzles that the shower had for its multiple shower heads. Looking down at herself, Tide couldn't help but feel another bout of shameful bashfulness. Here she was, dripping and in need of a wash, just like a podling who hadn't been able to hold it.

"Here we go." Flare announced, turning on the detachable shower head. "No need for a full shower, right?"

"Mmm..."

"Hey, don't be bashful." Flare encouraged. "You would have made it if I hadn't stopped you. Now turn around..." Leaning against the wall, the femme did as she was bid, spreading her legs as she felt the warm water wash over her thighs and aft. Sighing, she rested her head against the wall, glad to just have it all washed away. The comfortably heated fluid helped her to relax, making her more aware of just how exhausted she was from the whole ordeal. Creators, a nap after this would be really good... "Now turn again..."

"Alright..." Tide rasped, turning around to face the femme. To her surprise, Flare had taken off her own chest plating, and was now just as naked as she was. "I... I um..."

"What? No point in getting my plating wet, right?" she said, giving her a teasing smirk. Staring blankly and trying to keep her optics off the femmes more ample bust, she let the water clean her off, feeling the spray move upward to her inner thighs.

Sorry for the abrupt cut off, but as per usual, I prefer to take off anything intimate to avoid creating issues. There is more to this story, and I will post it if it is called for. If anything, I hope my weird little stories entertain, and gentle feedback is always appreciated. I'm actually writing something with humans (gasp!) for my next story, and so reviews always keep my motivation going. That is, if you want it to... I understand my writing isn't exactly first rate, as I've said. ^^;

Also I'm well aware that Flare say s"hun" a lot. Let's just say vocal repetition is a common trend in my family.

*003*2013-12-09 02:47

Wow, I really wasn't expecting this one to get any praise at all. (I was actually expecting some negative remarks or PM's, heh) It's amazing how open minded all of you guys are. I may actually post the next part! However, I'd really be grateful for some suggestions from those more experienced in this medium, if anyone is willing to offer some here or through a PM. ^^;

