Sisterhood of Blood - Page 10

Author: frostyjr2

*225*2013-10-22 21:49

Thanks, wettingman !

Hopefully i'll think of something special to post for Friday to celebrate the milestone of 10K

As well as another one that will be happening the next day...

*227*2013-10-25 05:57

Well, seeing as how some of you can hardly wait for the sunrise, here's the latest episode of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD, and i hope you will enjoy it... this week, we are featuring the girl everyone just loves to hate, LOL...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 25)

DOLLS IN THE PLAYHOUSE (Janet and Diana)

(sound track: S & M, performed by Rihanna, feat. Britney Spears)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Jcczg4ad0wA?feature=oembed"

Kris was playing with Janet and Diana, the new toys.

Although they were not nearly as much fun individually as Vicky had been, at least there were two of them, which presented a number of different scenarios that were impossible to realize with a single victim, no matter how talented they were at suffering pain and humiliation.

For example, at the moment she had both girls holding again, and they were both tied in the intricate shibari fashion Kris always used, but one girl was in suspension above the other.

Earth and sky; their heads were pointed in opposite directions, and the girl in suspension had been positioned strategically so that when she lost control eventually, her pee would end up on the other girl’s face, the bottom girl's hair being attached in such a way as to prevent her from turning her head at all.

Kris had even fitted a special ball gag onto poor Janet, one which had a hollowed out center through which a rubber tube could be inserted, or even a funnel. It was the funnel attachment she had in at the moment, so that when Diana finally couldn’t hold it anymore and began to wet herself, her pee would end up running into the funnel, and then directly into Janet’s mouth, and she would have no choice but to drink it all down.

Of course, since Diana was being punished as well, she wasn’t going to get off so easily by simply being allowed to wet herself, either. Janet was plugged at the opposite end also; a catheter tube had been inserted into her urethra and now Kris was busy with a rather large syringe, pumping water directly into her already swollen and distended bladder, water which had no way to escape so long as the catheter tube remained in place and capped in between each syringe being emptied into her.

Janet was already quite full now, and she would have been begging Kris to stop, if only she could speak. The plan was to build up enough pressure in the bottom girl’s bladder so that when she lost control and began to pee, it would all be carried along the tube’s extension up into a similar ball gag which had no funnel attached, just the tube that would carry Janet’s hot urine into Diana’s mouth.

Both girls had been carefully filled to capacity by means of direct injection of water into their bladders, a rapid, reliable, and humiliating method.

Now Kris was going to enjoy seeing which one could hold out the longest while she applied cold and pressure to their distended bellies.

The two bound girls were both actually quite submissive and obedient; it was somewhat difficult for Kris to find things to fault them for so that she could punish them legitimately… but she always had her old standby, unsanctioned wetting.

It was so easy. First fill the poor girls up totally, then tell them they weren’t allowed to pee without permission, and finally, just withhold permission until they peed their panties like little two year old girls having trouble with their toilet training.

Judith and Kris had found the two of them wandering around the Place St. Severin in Les Halles trying to purchase some hashish or marijuana, unsuccessfully.

Silly tourists; it took real talent to be unable to score anything in that location, Kris thought, laughing… drugs and drug dealers were all over the place.

In any case, when the two evil girl vamps had invited them both back to their place for a party, they came willingly, anticipating sex and drugs, and maybe a little rock and roll as well.

Instead, they had both ended up in their present situation, as submissive slave vampires who had to obey every command, and submit to every whim of their mistresses.

Their obedience was assured easily, because they wouldn’t be fed if they didn’t do as they were told, and not being fed resulted in nervous system disruption that felt very much like heroin withdrawal, especially to a relatively young vampire. So they would do anything in order to avoid that sensation…

Anything at all.

On the other hand, being fed their proper dose of blood was like having that same heroin in their system; they felt all soft, warm, and euphoric, as if they were being hugged from the inside…

It was a dark glow, but a glow nonetheless.

The two girls were trapped in an interminable cycle of pleasure and pain, constantly alternating between the two, and after awhile, one was inseparable from the other for them.

Kris was very good at conditioning submissives, first getting them to accept their fate and then, at some point, to actually begin to enjoy it. Even the most painful and humiliating treatment would become pleasurable to them, because they eventually existed only to make her happy, and what made her happy made them happy, no matter how much it might hurt.

This is when she usually got rid of them, because she was twisted to the point where she really only enjoyed herself when they didn’t, and bending them to her will was the most fun, followed a distant second by breaking them.

Once they had been broken, she and Judith either sold them on, or destroyed them. They were no fun anymore.

These two had been plenty of fun for her, though. They had taken long enough to totally accept that this was to be their fate from here to eternity, if they managed to survive for that long.

Kris smiled to herself, remembering that Janet had been particularly feisty and hard to break… well, just look at the little bitch now. Kris had her trained to the point where she’d wet herself almost at the snap of a finger.

The struggling, the defiance, the efforts to escape… it was all so amusing, no matter how many times she’d seen it… and she’d seen it quite often.

Somehow, it just never got old.

Now she had gotten them to the point of submission, between her bondage and pain sessions and the pleasure of feeding time. They had finally accepted their roles as subs, and their fate as vampires.

It was time to start training them to fight.

Of course, they were more like cannon fodder than anything else, just extra bodies to help make up the required seven.

Kris doubted that either of these girls had what it took to be an effective fighter, but if they were destroyed in the battle, she would be more than happy to sacrifice them for the sake of gaining two much more worthwhile slaves.

Little Vicky and Erica together, oh my demons, the many possibilities!

Kris felt her fangs extending involuntarily at the thought of it, as if she could already smell them, and taste their blood.

Between what she was doing to Janet and Diana, and what she was thinking about doing to Vicky and Erica once she had them under her thumb, she was starting to get just a bit moist between her legs now, oozing her arousal into her black silk thong panties under her tight skinny jeans.

She walked over to where Diana was hanging, and quickly thrust one hand down into the suspended girl’s privates, while pressing her other hard onto the poor girl’s swollen bladder.

The sudden pressure of Kris’ ice cold hands in both places at once had Diana gasping behind her ball gag. She squirmed as much as her bonds would allow her to as a brief spurt of pee escaped her and ran straight into the tube which was connecting her bladder to Janet’s mouth funnel.

As Kris saw the first flow of clear liquid passing through the tube, she grinned evilly. The real test of the system was how it would work the other way though, from the bottom up.

Seeing as how both toys were just about as full as they could be, Kris decided there was no point in delaying the inevitable; this was only a test run in any event.

She decided to hasten things along by spanking Diana’s upturned bottom with a wooden paddle. The paddling was the punishment for her losing control and wetting her panties without permission at Le Petit Bal.

The burning pain of that spanking had her losing control again after just a few hard swats on her rear, and the clear urine started to flow constantly as her full bladder began rapidly voiding its contents uncontrollably while she twitched and squirmed in her bonds, moaning from behind her ball gag.

Janet’s eyes widened in horror; she could see Diana’s hot pee running through the tube towards her mouth and knew there was no way to prevent that from happening.

At least it was almost entirely fresh water that had just been pumped into her, not liquid which had been processed through the suspended girl’s kidneys…

It doesn’t taste bad at all, thank goodness, Janet thought. She sure is peeing an awful lot though...

Kris laid the paddle down; she couldn’t spank Janet to get her to pee since she was lying face up below Diana, and since Janet had only wet at Le Petit Bal in reaction to Kris tugging on her bondage rope, she was being punished a bit less severely.

Kris had decided on tickle torture for Janet, and even as she was being forced to swallow the liquid flowing down the tube from Diana’s bladder, the sadistic red headed vampire had begun to tickle first her bare feet, then her belly, and finally her armpits.

Unable to wriggle or laugh, poor Janet started to relieve her tension in the only way she could, by peeing.

Now that Kris had unblocked the tube, the pressure that had built up in Janet's bladder was so severe that the urine flowed out of her quite forcefully, making its way up the narrow tube which passed through Diana’s ball gag and directly into the mouth of the girl in suspension above her.

“It works!” The evil little vampire practically squealed with delight.

Kris couldn’t resist a few extra swats on Diana’s already reddened bottom as each girl continued to empty the contents of her full bladder into the mouth of the other.

The best part was that if she kept them like this long enough, all of the liquid they had just been forced to swallow would be processed through their bodies, and then they would be ready to pee again.

At the thought of a near perfect circle of urine intake and output between the two helpless girls, Kris was on the brink of orgasm.

She decided to leave the girls as they were, anticipating a second round of exchange between the two of them.

It would be awhile before they were ready to pee again, and she needed a few moments to herself right now.

<to be continued> \/###\/

*232*2013-10-26 12:04

{{: 

I'd just like to take this opportunity to wish my very dear friend Frosty a happy birthday! I really hope the day is everything you want, and so much more besides! <3 U !

}}

TYVM !!!!!

Having a friend like you is the best present i could ever hope for, and i get it every single day...

Oops... well, i don't get 'it' every single day, but when i do... OMHG !

*235*2013-10-30 03:41

Thanks to all of you who are reading along, and to those of you who commented, very special thanks indeed. I appreciate every single view, and every single comment... really.

<3 to you all !

Frosty

*236*2013-10-31 22:34

<INTERLUDE>

Present day

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EMzrgXFeX_o?feature=oembed"

Oh my gosh, it's that day again...

All the little ghouls, ghosts and goblins ringing a vampire's doorbell to ask for candy.

But my fangs aren't part of a costume, and the blood on them is real.

They'd best beware, lest they end up as sweet little treats for Hannah and i...

\/###\/

*238*2013-11-01 00:45

Oh my little friends, fans and fiends, it is All Hallows Eve, the night when all dark and evil things hold sway.

I feel compelled to give you the latest chapter in this story a bit early. If it gives you chills, so much the better...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 26)

New York City, present day

(sound track: Born Under A Bad Sign, by Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26qBxol3Lx0

It had been a couple of days since River had pulled her disappearing act at the warehouse, and Hannah and I were starting to get a little worried.

She had seemed really upset at her inability to handle the katana, especially in contrast to both Vicky and Petra.

In any case, worried or not, we had to keep training and hope she would return to us soon.

In the coming fight, we at least needed to field the correct number of fighters, and if Hannah and I had to protect her and keep her safe while Kat, Vicky and the twins cut the opposition down to a more manageable number, we could live with that.

The main problem was we had no idea of the strength of the opposing clan, since all they had to declare was the number of fighters they would be represented by.

We could count on Judith and Kris, and the two of them were undoubtedly competent and experienced. The other five were a complete mystery, and might remain so right up until the moment we confronted them. We simply had to train our hardest, and prepare for the worst case scenario, seven lethal and experienced vamps facing us.

Kat had been up against more than one opponent at a time in the arena; she had experience in that situation both alone, and as part of a small group. The plan was for us to form a circle around River, and facing outwards we would defend against any attack on her. By fighting mainly defensively until we could isolate any weak links in the opposing clan, we could conserve our strength and energy, and then hopefully dispatch the weakest ones rapidly so that we would have them outnumbered.

Personally, I thought the plan was a bit optimistic; I didn’t see how we would be able to hold the circle for very long, but Kat was convinced it would work and she had a lot more experience in these matters than I did, that was certain.

She had the five of us in a circle around a chair, and she took turns attacking each of us with the point and edge of her twin blades, and you can believe me when I say that her attacks were furious; to me it felt as if she was really going for the kill, even though I knew she was pretty much in cruise mode, maybe giving about six tenths of what she was really capable of.

She didn’t want to put any of us out of commission before the actual fight, just to give us a bit of a workout and a taste of what was to come.

Well, we were getting a workout for sure…

I was dripping clear blue perspiration from all over, from my forehead, from my armpits, it was dripping down the small of my back from between my shoulder blades under my black lycra sportsbra, the waistband of my matching leggings was soaked with it…

I was wet almost everywhere.

My breath was coming hard and ragged, but I was still able to hold the katana up in the proper position to parry a strike.

Damn, girl… there was only one of her, and she was testing the five of us like this!

Only Hannah seemed unfazed; she wasn’t sweating, or even breathing hard like the rest of us.

She was just standing there; calm, her katana at the ready, eyes focused… waiting.

Suddenly, I heard that familiar rustling sound and felt a chill on my back.

When I turned around, there was River, sitting in the chair in the middle of our circle.

She was holding a large and oddly shaped blue canvas bag in her lap and she was smiling broadly.

“Hi, sweetie! Welcome back,” I said.

I wanted to give her a huge hug, but I still had a razor sharp katana in my hands.

There would be time for hugs and kisses later…

“Yes, welcome back! Where did you get off to, then?” Petra asked.

“I had to fetch something, something I haven’t had in my hands for quite a while,” River replied as she stood up, opened the bag, and pulled out a long thin fencing foil.

She raised the foil up in salute, and then said, “En garde!” before lunging savagely at me.

I barely had time to parry her lightning fast thrust before she whirled around, attacking from the other side. Her insane speed made her just a blur of motion, her footwork was precise and sure, and the way she handled that foil, OMHG.

She kept up her onslaught for a while, and I defended as best I could, somehow just barely managing to keep from getting skewered on the point of her sword.

Finally, Hannah said, “Enough!”

River had proved her capabilities and she didn’t want either of us getting hurt before the upcoming challenge. We all had to be at 100%.

“Where the hell did that come from?” Peter muttered.

“I couldn’t handle the katana; it was too heavy and not balanced for me, but there are blades, and then there are blades,” River said. “I was a Junior Fencing Champion once, before I became what I am now. If I can use this in the challenge instead, I shouldn’t be totally helpless.”

Kat reared her head back and laughed.

“What’s so funny?” River asked, a bit defensively.

“Oh, nothing,” Kat said in reply. “It’s just that you remind me of someone I once knew, a long, long time ago.”

###

Imperial Gaul, circa 85 A.D.

The campfire was warm, although there was already a hint of winter in the air.

Catulla and Despina (for that was what the girl with the green eyes was called) were huddled together under a blanket of sorts made out of wolfskin.

The unfortunate wolf pack that had thought to have the two vampire girls for a meal had ended up being dinner themselves, the meat and blood enough to sustain them for a few days.

They needed blood to survive now; Despina had made that very clear. She didn’t regret what she had done, because as far as she was concerned there had been no other real option.

It was either let the girl who had saved her perish from loss of blood, or turn her.

Now they were traveling through the countryside together, and at nightfall they rested.

Despina had no real clan; she had become a vampire after being acquired as a slave.

Her lanista master was actually a vampire himself. He was one of the rare ones, a daywalker.

He was impervious to sunlight, and all of his fighters were daywalker vampires too, slave vampires who fought viciously in the arena, and who, as victors, could slake their thirst to the amusement of the crowd.

Despina had been relatively new to the vampire life when she and Catulla had battled in the arena, but her strength and speed had already been exceptional; now, after training alongside Catulla for the past four years, the two of them were almost invincible as a team.

Despina was extraordinarily fast, and of course she had the strength that came with being a vampire. Catulla was not quite as fast, but she was a bit stronger.

They had had to give up the arena of course; it was too public and they had to keep a low profile now, after what they had done to Catulla’s husband and the four soldiers who had tortured her on his behalf and left her dying in the woods on the day they had first met.

Before leaving Rome, they had first found all four soldiers drinking up the profits from their crime in a small tavern. When the soldiers left the tavern at closing time, roaring drunk, Despina and Catulla had followed them into a dark alley where they had stopped to relieve themselves and showed them what a vampire’s thirst was like, draining all four completely. The last one had actually lost control of his bladder and wet himself just like a little girl, trembling in fear as Catulla had approached him, her eyes flashing and fangs red with the blood of his fallen companions.

He even had the nerve to beg for mercy !

Mercy... they had been merciful indeed, for his end was comparatively swift and painless.

Especially compared to what they had done to Catulla's husband... they had taken his hands, and his feet, and his eyes, and finally, his manhood; by the time they had finished with him, he had been begging for death, but they had left him alive to suffer.

"Catulla, why do you shiver now? The fire is blazing, and we are warm beneath our blanket, are we not?" Despina wrapped her arms around Catulla, holding her ever more tightly in her strong embrace.

"Fear not, it was but a fleeting thought, and one of no import," Catulla replied, returning her vampire lover's caresses.

<to be continued>

\/###\/

*244*2013-11-03 01:08

%http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Despoina

Wettingman, there is a fair amount of research involved in writing this story, since I would like to keep the historical parts accurate and avoid anachronisms, and much of it takes place before i was born.

The devil, as they say, is in the details... but the fact is that getting it right is part of what makes a story like this work; even though it may be a work of fantasy, if it remains grounded in reality, it becomes more believable. Or at least, i hope it does...

*246*2013-11-07 12:48

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, i must apologize, for my thank yous were less than timely this week, but they are no less sincere for that reason. i do appreciate every single view and every single comment, and will always do my utmost to deliver the next installment of my little vampire tale on schedule.

Thanks to all of you who have stayed with me for the journey...

<3 !

Frosty

*248*2013-11-08 07:31

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, it's my favourite day of the week again, my favourite because once more i can share the latest installment of this story with you all.

Here's hoping that you will enjoy it !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.27)

A BIRD IN THE HAND... (Celestin)

Paris, France 1625

(sound track: Gavotte with Six Variations on piano, by J.P. Rameau)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0QL9UoOesPg?feature=oembed"

The edicts had clearly banned dueling, and yet there they were in the courtyard of the Carmelite convent, swords drawn and ready to fight shortly after the tower bell had tolled midnight.

There was no mistaking their posture for anything else. The younger man, slight of build and with long sandy blond hair, his clothing simple and quite unadorned as if he had just arrived in Paris from the countryside somewhere, and the older one, darker and dressed in the full regalia of a King’s Musketeer, were both facing one another with determined mien.

Two more men, also musketeers, lounged nearby, one a rather heavy-set man with a ruddy complexion who was watching avidly while standing and sipping from a bottle of wine, and the other, much thinner although tall and handsome, seeming quite bored and disinterested as he sat quietly on a small outcropping of rock, reading from a book of verse.

“Our friend should dispatch this fellow without too much trouble,” the heavy-set man said to the one who was reading. “Even with that wound to his arm, I cannot believe that this young country lad will be much of a challenge for him.”

“A pity, really…” the other man spoke in a refined tone without looking up from his book.

“It seems a shame to waste such fighting spirit. I doubt that he will live long enough to settle with either of us, and yet-“

He broke off his sentence suddenly as a small group of Cardinal’s Guards entered the convent courtyard.

“What’s this, musketeers dueling in defiance of the edicts?”

Their leader, Monsieur de Jussac, said this with a sarcastic sneer.

“I must ask you to put down your weapons and follow us.”

“You again! Why don’t you leave us alone? If we saw you fighting, we’d be sure not to interrupt you!” the older man cried. “Just let us be, and you’ll be amused at no trouble to yourselves.”

Monsieur de Jussac said, “Out of the question. We have our duty to do, so put up your swords and come with us.”

“If we were our own masters we would most surely comply with your request, but unfortunately, our commander Monsieur de Treville has forbidden us to do anything of the sort,” the seated musketeer said in a dry tone, finally looking up bemusedly from his book.

“So you’d best continue on about your own business, and leave us to ours.”

The five guards all bristled at this comment, and de Jussac replied, “If you don’t come at once, we shall force you to comply.”

The three men in musketeer uniform drew together quickly at this last threat and conferred with each other in a low tone, while the young man listened closely, then declared, “You are not three; we are four!”

Looking the young man over quickly, de Jussac said, “Monsieur, you have no place in this quarrel; out of the way, you have leave to withdraw.”

The youngest man made no such move however; he stood fast, to the great pleasure of his new allies and the surprise of de Jussac, who had expected this green young upstart to turn tail and run, jumping at the chance he had just been offered to save his own skin.

“You’re going to resist, then? All of you?” de Jussac cried.

“Did you expect anything else, you fool?” The heavy-set man laughed heartily.

And so the fight had begun.

At the end of it, three of the Cardinal’s guards had been wounded, one was dying, and the last one standing, now outnumbered, had been ordered to surrender by his commander, de Jussac.

Rather than hand over his sword, he had broken it over his knee and then tossed the two parts of it over the convent wall, and now he stood there with his arms folded over his chest, whistling a little Cardinalist ditty, to the amusement of his opponents.

Such gallantry could only be admired…

The four who had been challenged now helped the unwounded man gather his comrades and lay them on the steps of the convent, all except for the dying guard, who they thought to be beyond saving and therefore had left where he had fallen. They then withdrew from the courtyard.

Shortly thereafter, the wounded men rose from the steps of the convent and left the courtyard along with their intact companion, carrying the dying man… although his suffering was great, he had not yet passed on.

They brought him to the section of town called Port Royal, past the Jardins de Luxembourg, and left him with a leather sack of gold louis coins on his chest outside of a small house in the rue de La Santé across from the prison. Once they had departed, the door opened quickly, and the man and the sack of coins were taken inside by a thin pale figure.

“Ah, I see the Cardinal’s Guards are about to receive another into the ranks of their undead forces,” the creature inside said to the dying man as he laid him upon a bare wooden table in the middle of the room. “And by what name were you called up until now?”

“My name is Celestin D’Issy,” the man on the table said in a whisper.

“Celestin, ha, that's a good one!”

The pale figure laughed at the irony of it.

“Well, Monsieur D’Issy, there will be naught of heaven about you after this night, I assure you.”

As the man on the table passed out and lay there, weak from loss of blood and unable to move, the pale creature bared his fangs and sank them into his neck to begin the slow process of turning him into a vampire.

The following night, de Jussac and the other three returned to the house in the rue de La Santé.

Celestin was standing by the doorway when it opened to reveal the four men who had carried him to this house the night before.

“We have come to collect our friend,” de Jussac said.

‘He is ready,” the pale vampire replied, baring his fangs in a distorted smile.

“This is passing strange, my friends. I should be dead of those wounds, and yet here I stand before you, intact and unharmed,”

Celestin mused.

“Have you not yet guessed what has happened to you?” de Jussac said, his eyes narrowing. “You are not dead, but neither are you quite alive."

“Speak not in such riddles,” Celestin said plaintively.

“It is no riddle, it is merely the truth of it. You now exist in a realm somewhere between life and death; you have become like the four of us,” de Jussac said as he bared his teeth, and extended his fangs.

“Now you know why the Cardinal’s Guards wear red and black; the red is for the blood we must take for our sustenance, and the black for the dark of night… the light of day you shall not see again, lest you be destroyed by the sun.”

“May God have mercy on my soul!” Celestin exclaimed, horrified.

“God has nothing to do with it; your soul is beyond His reach at present,” de Jussac said, an evil smile upon his thin lips.

“Since you now owe your very existence to His Eminence the Cardinal, swear once more your loyalty to him, above all else this time!”

Celestin fell to his knees and swore fealty and obedience to Cardinal Richelieu, for he had no other choice now it seemed.

“Henceforth, you shall be known only as Cestus, the demon maul of His Eminence.”

De Jussac and the others laughed as he rose and took his sword from them.

Drawing their cloaks around themselves, the five demonic guards left the house and disappeared into the night fog.

<to be continued> \/###\/

