Piddling Around with a Dragon (Miss Kobayashi`s Dragon Maid)

Author: MasterXploder

*000*2017-10-03 20:05

Piddling Around with a Dragon

Miss Kobayashi’s Dragon Maid fanfiction by MasterXploder

With thanks to Captain L for editing

(Note: Contains underaged wetting desperation. Reader discretion advised.)

“Closer…”

The mouth slowly leaned in, opening up to reveal the sharp fangs underneath.

“Just a little closer now…”

The mouth was so close, she could almost feel the breath flowing in and out of the nose above.

“Okay, now bite!”

As instructed, the mouth closed around the fork and pulled away, taking the food atop it with her.

“So, what do you think?”

A few chews later, and Kanna’s face lit up with color and wonder, her closed, blue eyes opening wide.

“It’s so moist and sweet. I really like it,” she said. Though her tone was flat and mouth still in a frown, there was no lie in her words.

“Surprise! It’s chocolate cake,” said Riko Saikawa, handing Kanna the plate. “Georgie made it special for us today.”

“Wow. Tell her I said thank you,” said Kanna before taking another bite.

“You can tell her yourself when we head back home.” Saikawa reached into the basket and pulled out her own cake plate. “Oh, and speaking of Georgie, you should try some of her new dishes. She’s learned how to make this food called ravioli.”

Kanna swallowed the next bite of cake and asked, “What’s that?”

“It’s a dish they make in Italy. It’s like a soft noodle cover you can put all kinds of meat and cheeses inside. You can also toast it and dip it in sauces to make it extra yummy!”

“Oh, it sounds really good. I should ask Tohru if she could try making some ra… rovi… rali...”

Saikawa giggled a little to herself. Kanna was strangely cute with how she wrestled with a new word. “Rah-vee-oh-lee,” she enunciated.

“Ravioli, ravioli.” Kanna swayed back and forth as she got used to saying it.

“Hee hee, there you go! Ravioli, ravioli!” cheered Saikawa.

A picnic with her best friend, Kanna Kobayashi; Saikawa could not think of any better way to spend her weekend afternoon. Just the two of them enjoying good food and each other’s company at the scenic park, the sunlight reflecting off her forehead as if it was made of silver. Really, things couldn’t get any better than they were now.

“Saikawa, you got some chocolate on your cheek.”

“Hmm?” Saikawa put her fork down. Now that Kanna had pointed out, she could feel the sweet, sticky dessert a little outside her mouth. “Oops! I’ll just wipe that off-”

No sooner did she get the words out did Kanna close the distance between them and drag her tongue across Saikawa’s cheek. The chocolate was licked off in one go, leaving a warm and wet feeling that set her heart-rate skyrocketing and face lighting up beet red.

“I got it for you,” said Kanna.

Instantly, Saikawa turned away and slapped her hands to her head. “Bo-hee-hee-heeee!” she squealed, her pupils taking the shape of a heart for a while. She was wrong; things definitely got better.

She didn’t know how long she spent squeeing, but by the time Saikawa came down, Kanna had finished her cake and was now looking at the sun. “What time is it?” she asked.

“The time? Lemme check.” Saikawa pulled out her phone. “It’s about three o’clock.”

“Oh.” Kanna looked down a little bit. “I need to get home soon. Kobayashi wants me to have enough time to get my homework done.”

“Aww.” Saikawa started feeling down herself. They had been having so much fun together. Where did all that time go? Still, she knew their fun day had to come to an end eventually. At least it was a good time while it lasted.

“I’m sorry, Saikawa,” said Kanna, her tone matching the emotion for once.

Saikawa put on a smile and looked at Kanna again. “It’s okay, I still have to do my homework, too.” She put her plate in the basket and stood up. “Alright, let’s clean up here and get you back home!” she said, raising a fist in earnest.

Kanna merely nodded and stood up, and they were soon packing up their food and blanket. Holding the basket in her hand, Saikawa took a step forward and declared, “Now let's go ho-uh!?”

She stopped in her tracks in an instant, becoming very aware of something she had been unconsciously ignoring all this time. Saikawa needed to use the little girl’s room, and soon. The last time she had used the bathroom was before Kanna came by to go to the picnic. That was plenty of time for her bladder to fill up again, especially with Georgie’s homemade tea being particularly delicious that day.

Saikawa rubbed her legs together a bit while frowning in worry. She had hoped something like this would not have happened, but planned for it anyway like the good host she was. She knew exactly where the park’s restrooms were and that they were kept clean almost all the time. Paying them a quick visit would be a no-brainer, at least at any other time.

But that still left one problem. In all the time she spent with Kanna, Saikawa had never let her friend know when she needed to pee. Even when they would spend the night together, she would always make the excuse of going to talk to someone or grab something to drink, then use the bathroom without Kanna ever being the wiser. The thought of actually telling her was just… embarrassing. Did she really have it in her to confide something like that to her best friend, she wondered.

“Um, Saikawa?”

Hearing Kanna say her name always took her out of whatever she was thinking. At once, Saikawa turned around and asked “Yes, Kanna?”

She did not need an answer to see what the problem was. The way Kanna shifted her weight from one leg to the other along with a hand placed just below her belly told her everything.

“Do you know where I can find a toilet?” asked Kanna.

Saikawa’s brain activity flatlined for a moment. Kanna, her best friend and person she loved more than her own family, just confided to her that she needed the bathroom? This was entirely out of the blue; she had no time to mentally prepare for that barrier to suddenly be broken. Had their relationship evolved that rapidly?

But then she realized how fortunate she was for Kanna to ask for a bathroom. This gave her the perfect reason to visit the restrooms now. She would just have to wait until Kanna was done, then say she wanted to go in and wash her hands, and Kanna would never know of her plight.

“Of course!” Saikawa finally replied, raising her hand. “I know exactly where the bathrooms are here. I’ll get you there in no time at all!”

Kanna perked up just a tiny bit at the news. “Oh thank you, Saikawa.”

“You don’t have to thank me. It’s only my duty as host of this picnic!” she put her free hand to her chest in a pose of confidence as she turned around. “Now follow me, Kanna. To the toilets!”

“Out of order!?”

The basket hit the ground as Saikawa slapped the sides of her head in her hands. The doorway into the girls’ half of the park’s only restrooms was blocked with a sign reading the worst three words she could have seen right now. Her cleverly-improvised pee plan had been flushed straight down the toilet.

“What’s wrong?” asked Kanna as she walked up. “Are they broken?”

Turning around in a flash, Saikawa lowered her head to the ground. “I-I’m sorry, Kanna! I had no idea they would be like this today. Please forgive me!”

Though she couldn’t see it, Kanna’s expression remained unchanged as always. Her friend merely glanced over and lifted a finger. “The boy’s room is still open. Maybe we could-”

“No!” Saikawa blurted out, flailing her arms every which way. “W-we can’t go in there! I-if a b-boy saw us, it’d be super-embarrassing, and we c-couldn’t show our faces in school anymore, and we’d probably go to jail, and, and…!”

“Never mind.” Kanna lowered her head like a puppy that got denied its treats.

“D-don’t worry,” Saikawa quickly responded, “We’ll just walk home a little faster. I’ll find you a bathroom before it’s too late, I promise!” For both me and you!

As Saikawa had hoped, Kanna lifted her head up and nodded. Seeing Kanna look down weighed on her more than any amount of urine ever could. The fact that she could easily sympathize with how her classmate was feeling right now did not make that easier. She gripped the basket with a renewed sense of determination. No way was she going to let either of them wet themselves, not on her watch.

Aah, I’m gonna wet myself!

How far from home were they now? Saikawa guessed that they had to be halfway to their house by now. Unfortunately, her house may as well be on the other side of the city, her chances of getting there in dry undies were just as bad. The smart choice then was to find a public bathroom on the way there, or a thick grove of bushes at the very least. Unfortunately, neither of those were an option, either; this was a residential area, where shops and parks were few and far between, and even if she were desperate enough to squat behind something, she couldn’t see anything nearby that would give them enough privacy to be reasonable.

The other problem was how obvious her need was becoming. Though she held the basket in front of her, Kanna walked behind her, and there was nothing she could do to hide the stiffness in her walking. Their speed had slowed down as well, as she needed be careful with her steps to keep from leaking anything out.

“Eep!”

But even that was not enough to completely hold it back. A wave of pain hit Saikawa just then, forcing her to come to a complete stop. Her free hand burrowed between her legs, where she could feel the first drops of her tinkle leaking into her underwear. Fortunately, those drops were the only thing that escaped for now, but they had confirmed her worst fears: making it back home before the dam broke was just not possible.

“Saikawa?”

At a much slower speed than normal, Saikawa turned around to confront Kanna. Though she still fidgeted, Kanna’s gaze remained fixed on her.

“Are you okay?” She asked.

“Um…” Any other time, it would have been easy for her to smile and say nothing was wrong. However, the very real possibility of having an accident in front of her best friend was too much for her to put on a brace face.

“Do you… need the toilet, too?”

And there it was, her desperation and shame finally exposed. She had let her friend down and failed to find them a suitable bathroom. Saikawa almost felt like crying as she moved her head up and down, too mortified to form any words.

But rather than express disappointment, Kanna furrowed her brow, her eyes filling with determination. She ran up to Saikawa and grabbed the basket, not taking it from her, but tugging on it as if to pull her friend somewhere.

“Quick, this way!” said Kanna.

With no other choice, Saikawa let her friend take her down another road while her free hand firmly remained on her groin. For a moment, she felt a little hopeful that Kanna knew just where to find a toilet for them. However, having grown up in this neighborhood, she knew there were no bathrooms in this direction. The only thing of note coming up was… Oh no!

Saikawa heard it before she saw it; the local creek that ran through this part of town, at least ten feet wide with a large, sturdy bridge crossing over it. Hundreds of gallons of water flowed past, creating all kinds of noises that Saikawa could not stand to hear right now. At this rate, she doubt she could get out of earshot again before springing another leak, one she might not be able to stop.

“K-Kanna, where are we going?” Saikawa asked.

“I know somewhere we can go near here,” Kanna replied.

“But w-where is that?”

“Quick, under here!” Kanna didn’t say anything else, instead guiding them around the bridge’s side. A walkway under the bridge came into view, tucked away so that no one could see it unless they went particularly out of their way.

Saikawa may have only been in the third grade, but she was smart enough to know there couldn’t possibly be a bathroom down that way. That meant that either Kanna was leading them the wrong way, which she doubted, or this place was going to be their hiding spot while they…

“W-wait, Kanna!” Saikawa let go of the basket, but not of her crotch. “We can’t do that!”

Kanna turned to her with a raised eyebrow. “Why not? Tohru and I did it here when we couldn’t find a bathroom one time.”

“B-because…” Several reasons rested on Saikawa’s tongue: It was indecent, they could get caught, they might still have a chance at finding another restroom, and most of all, they would have to do it together with nothing to hide the sights or sounds. However, not a single one of them found their way out, for another jolt hit her just then, and a second dribble of piddle renewed the gross warmth in her underwear.

“Aah, nevermind! I’ll do it here!” declared Saikawa while she danced in place with both hands shoved between her legs.

No other words were said as the girls made their way beneath the bridge. Wasting no time, Saikawa waddled in front of the safety rail, snaking both hands under her skirt and pulling down her panties, a solid white color save for the bit of yellow at the crotch. She squatted down in a way to ensure her pee would come out forward and pass over the ledge so as to leave as little trace of their crime as possible.

Her pee didn’t come out straight away; there was still that pesky barrier of mentally accepting that she was gonna go in such a place. Slowing down her breathing, Saikawa could feel the subtle sensations that it would be happening soon. Just then, she also felt bare skin come into contact with her leg, diverting her attention to the side.

“Wha!?” squatting right next to her was none other than Kanna, her pink panties pulled up to her knees. All this space under the bridge, and she had elected to go right alongside Saikawa, not unlike a boy using the urinal right next to another boy. Saikawa wouldn’t be able to hide a single thing about her potty time, and that was a little too much for her to bear. Maybe I could move over before-EEP!

It all happened so fast. One second, Saikawa was trying to scoot away, and the next, her piddle was pushing out of her, a healthy light-yellow stream coming out horizontally and falling past the walkway’s edge, breaking into scattered drops by the time it reached the water. The unmistakable sound of tinkling joined the many noises of the flowing creek, its volume the same as Saikawa’s ragged breathing to their ears.

Embarrassment, surprise, worry, shame, all ran through her mind as she could do nothing but remain squatted and let her bladder empty. But soon, the pleasure of relieving herself after holding it for so long resonated through her body and overrode those emotions, washing them away like a gentle wave. Her open mouth lifted upwards, and Saikawa closed her eyes as she let out a sigh in bliss, content to let this feeling linger for however long her pee would last.

But just a few seconds later, a powerful hissing sound, like air escaping from a delivery truck’s brakes, started up right next to her. Her curiosity proved stronger than her better judgment, and Saikawa slowly opened her eyes at first, only to gasp and snap them all the way up once she saw the noise’s source.

A second stream of pee had joined hers, but “stream” was far too light of a word to describe it. “Torrent” sounded a lot more appropriate, for it was double the radius of Saikawa’s trickle, and it shot out much farther, landing more than halfway across the creek’s width. Even from there, Saikawa could see the pooling of yellow spreading in the direction of the creek’s flow, the impact creating a sound not unlike a bath faucet running at full strength.

It seemed impossible, thought Saikawa. No way could that ever come from her friend! Yet, as her eyes followed the trail back to its source right next to her, she could no longer deny that this power pee was shooting straight out of Kanna.

“Mmmm,” she could hear Kanna’s throat humming, eyes closed while she handled an ocean’s worth of business like it was nothing. Saikawa’s brain filled up with questions while she absent-mindedly stared at this spray that could probably put out a campfire all on its own. How long had it been since Kanna had last peed? Was it even possible for someone to hold that much? Was her friend secretly a dragon or something?

“You’re staring at me.”

“Eh!?” Snapping back to reality, Saikawa finally realized that Kanna’s eyes were open and looking right at her, while the schoolgirl’s gaze had been directed at the stream blasting from between her legs. “Ahh! Um, I, er, w-was, uh, I mean, ah…” Try as she might, nothing close to a coherent sentence would come out, not that it would have done her any good. She had been caught looking at her friend doing something super private, something involving her privates no less. What could she possibly say to not make this incredibly awkward and shameful?

All Saikawa could do now was wait for Kanna to respond, probably calling her a pervert and saying she doesn’t want to be friends anymore. That response did not happen; instead, Kanna’s eyes trailed from Saikawa’s head down her body and ending at a spot just in front of her stream’s source.

“I’ll watch yours, too,” said Kanna flatly.

If Saikawa thought her face could not get any redder, she was immediately proven wrong. “Whaaaa!?” On top of having to pee in public and witness Kanna’s fire-hose-caliber stream, now Kanna would be intently watching her go? It was too much for the third-grader’s mind and heart, and she soon experienced the human equivalent of a computer blue-screen. Not a single thought went through her head while she continued letting it out, her stream going just as strong as it had started.

Time was not something Saikawa could grasp in her shocked state, but at some point, she felt the pee leaving her at a weaker rate, the stream coming closer and closer to the ledge. It was not much longer afterwards that it came to an end, the only thing left being the few drips she needed to wipe up.

Yet somehow, Kanna was still going by the time Saikawa finished, though her peeing had diminished as well. It was still an impressive spray for anyone, let alone an elementary school kid, but at least the noises were growing quieter, lowering their risk of someone investigating out of curiosity.

It was at least another minute before Kanna’s potty time had ended as well, the super stream gradually losing its arc and reducing to a mere dribble. It was about now when Saikawa’s mental faculties returned to her. She blinked a couple times and looked downwards, finally realizing it was over. Even if it was the most embarrassing pee she ever took, she had avoided an accident, and it was all thanks to Kanna.

She was relieved, but a sense of guilt also weighed down on Saikawa now. She had failed in her attempt to find a bathroom for them, and if not for Kanna’s quick thinking, they probably would’ve walked home in soaked undies and socks. As the hostess of this picnic outing, that was just unacceptable.

“Here you go, Saikawa.”

But before she could further dwell on it, something white and square-shaped entered her vision. Kanna was offering her a napkin from the basket for her to wipe with. “Oh, t-thank you,” said Saikawa, taking the napkins and getting straight to cleaning herself up.

Silence followed while the girls made themselves decent again, pulling up their panties and standing back up once they felt clean enough. Tossing the used napkins into the basket, Saikawa grabbed the handle and brought the basket to her side.

“Let’s go home,” said Kanna as she turned around.

“W-wait, Kanna,” Saikawa replied, holding her hand out.

Kanna turned back to face her and asked, “What is it?”

Saikawa had to pause for a moment as she looked straight into Kanna’s bright blue eyes. “Um, I…” She threw her head down and shut her eyes. “I’m so sorry!”

Kanna tilted her head to the side, not that Saikawa could see. “What for?” she asked.

“I… couldn’t find us another bathroom,” said Saikawa, “and we had to do it out in the open instead. I was doing so well with our picnic, and then I ruined it at the last moment.” She didn’t dare look back up to see if Kanna was disappointed at her, she could feel it from here. That was why she wasn’t surprised when Kanna walked over and gently rested a hand on her hand gripping the basket. Wait, what!?

Looking back up with her mouth wide open and cheeks turning red, Saikawa saw Kanna’s serene and gentle face right next to her. “It’s okay,” she said, “I had a really fun time today, and I don’t mind having to do that with you.”

“R-r-really?” Saikawa managed to stammer.

To this, Kanna nodded and moved around until she was standing at Saikawa’s side. Her fingers interlocked between Saikawa’s so that both of them were holding the basket. “We should have another picnic soon, and maybe have some of those raviolis next time.”

Saikawa did not catch what Kanna was saying, for her brain had gone into overdrive from Kanna essentially holding hands with her now. Her face burning beet red and heart-rate skyrocketing, Saikawa slapped her free hand to her cheek and let out a long squeal of “Bo-hee-hee-hee-heeeee!”

She was wrong again; things definitely got better.

*003*2017-10-04 01:10

{{3 hours ago, Captain L said:

I hope you realize that, between the two of us, we've written about every marginally important character in this series, with exception to Takiya and Fafnir. I hope we're proud of ourselves.

}}

It's a dirty job, but someone's gotta do it. Now if only a second season would happen so we can potentially have more characters to write about.

*005*2017-10-04 17:30

{{7 minutes ago, diokno44x said:

Isn't there a water dragon with a trident?

}}

That's Elma, who Captain L has already covered here.

