The say the first day is always the hardest

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-06-12 02:36

I really need to write something other than Natasha wetting herself. Or like, work on "The Perfect Boyfriend" or "Summer of Love." But yet my day has sucked royally and I needed to blow off steam so here we are. If this gets enough love I may continue. Well, I'll probably continue anyways, regardless, because I'm just that way. :P This'll mostly be little one-shots though I think. Anyways, this was kind of fun to write, so here we gooo!

(Chapter 1?)

She had been in this room for well over two hours. It was a holding cell, she knew. She had heard the man who had been sent after her- Barton? She thinks that's his name- being told to put her in holding cell two. She could easily escape, even without her weapons. She had gone back and forth between staying and leaving, even scoped out the vent situation a little (They looked big enough to crawl through from the ground). But still, he said if she wanted any chance at being able to walk away without prison time or a death sentence - and he had assured her that she WOULD face them without his help- than she needed to be good and do what he said.

But she hadn't expected it to take so LONG. And she was nearing the last of her energy reserve. She was tired, and above all else she had to pee. She hadn't been since before he started after her. She whined and shifted a little. Maybe sitting down would help? There was a table and two chairs in here. She took a seat, and no sooner had she done that and the man- Barton, she was was sure now- Came in, a few files in his hand and a look on his face not much different than the one he had last time she saw him. It was one of anger, pity, and fear, all trapped behind a grumpy and impassive mask.

"Look, I think you should understand why anyone is a bit hesitant to trust you," He said, sitting across from her. "You've got quite a few deaths on you, and, to be honest, you've gotten quite sloppy lately."

She wanted to come up with a smart-ass remark to throw back, but somewhere in the back of her mind, she was still pretty certain she was going to be killed, and she needed any allies she could manage. She shifted a little before nodding. "Look, you have to understand, I was- I am- a cold blooded-"

"Save it, the people I ran with before SHEILD probably weren't much better than the ones you've been running with," Barton said. "Anyways, they've got a plea bargain for you. Do what I say, follow my orders, or you'll end up in jail, and someone- Probably the director, if we're being honest, is going to shoot you."

She flinched at how casually he said the words. It made her even more surprised by how upset the words made her. But this was something she could work with. She could handle this. Her bladder throbbed painfully, making her whimper. "What exactly will you have me doing, Barton?" She asked cautiously.

"Hey, call me Clint. That's what most of the people call me around here," He said, smiling for the first time since he'd met up with his handler after he extracted her. "Anyways, right now we're just gonna have you going through some counseling, and pick your brain a little. No missions, no killing, no Widow stuff. Just nice, normal, human things."

"No... missions?" She gasped. "But how will we defend-"

"Easy now Red," Clint said firmly.

"How will I know what to do?! And what sort of torture do you mean to do! Pick my brain? Are you turning me into a second asset?! I won't allow it!"

"Hey calm down Natasha! They still haven't finalized your papers and I can still kill you ya know!" Clint snapped

Natasha gasped as he towered over her, a look of anger and rage on his face. When she had last seen a man that angry, he took it out on her. She whimpered, and covered her face and head, ignoring the pleas from her abdomen to take it easy, and her body chose that moment to fully betray her. She began to cry as she curled up in her chair, waiting for the blows to begin as she wet herself, the body suit she was wearing flooding with warmth. It gushed out of her, a small faint hiss could be heard, and she felt like she had completely and totally hit rock bottom here.

"Oh shit, I didn't mean- Hey, don't cry," Clint said. "It's not... it's really not the end of the world."

"How can you say that?! I've been captured by maybe enemies, I'm being subjected to torture for my crimes, and now I've completely disgraced myself in front of the one person who was offering me a second chance!" She sobbed. Clint grimaced and left, but he wasn't gone long. he came back with a few stress balls.

"You know, you're not the only one who's been through shit," Bart- Clint said. "I used to be a part of a crime team. Well, mostly just an evil freakshow but hey, I did learn a few things." He smirked, and began to juggle the items in his hands. Natasha stopped crying enough to watch. "And we aren't going to torture you. Or hit you. Do you know all the crap HR would have to go through? And how much paperwork my boyfriend would have to file? No, we're just gonna help you adjust. Send you to see some people and talk. But like I said, you follow me. So anything you don't feel comfortable doing is okay too."

Natasha finally wiped her eyes, her mascara gray and wet on her hands. Maybe she wasn't wrong to give herself up. Maybe... maybe this would be a way to clean her ledger.

(AN: Yeah, kinda cheesy, kind of lame, I have a hopeless girl crush. But I just needed to deal with my emotions and this kind of came out of it. I have an idea or two to keep it going, but only if you guys want. so, just drop me a line if you do. I'll be waiting! ;)

*002*2015-06-13 05:01

I'm hopeless. :P but these really are fun to write, and I'm beginning to remember why I write. And it's a hell of a stress reliever too. Anyways, yeah, just fluff this time. Next one SHOULD have a little Omo. Also, this story is getting a Trigger warning, cuz this is Natasha Romanoff and I'm just a heartless writer. Probably mentions of torture, abuse, and maybe non-con later on. Not sure. Any who I've babbled enough. STORY TIME! :)

Chapter 2

"This is YOURS?" Natasha asked incredulously. She had been assigned to Clint until they were sure she wouldn't go completely bat-shit and kill someone by accident. They had even given him bigger quarters. She was sure it was because he was the only person crazy enough to trust her. Her therapist said she did, but then again doctors are paid to say shit like that.

"Eh, it's nothing really," Clint shrugged. "I'm rarely here anyways. I'm usually with my..." He fell short.

"Your boyfriend?" Natasha chuckled.

"My handler," Clint corrected, but the blush in his cheeks gave him away. She had known since he had brought her with him to meet the man they all called Coulson. He seemed nice. He threatened to Taze her and watch Super Nanny while she twitched. She hadn't batted an eye, just sort of stared at him. He was crazy enough to challenge her and trust Clint. He seemed okay. "Anyways," Clint started again, pulling her out of her trance, "He's coming over tonight to fill out some paperwork he says he needs your help with. He said he would cook. Of course, he really doesn't trust me to cook."

"And why is that?" Natasha asked curiously.

"It's... kind of complicated," Clint answered, scratching the back of his neck. "I kind of set the kitchen on fire last time I tried to cook." Natasha laughed. "Hey! You grow up in a circus, you tend to skip over how not to make everything a flaming dish!"

"You, Clint Barton, are a very funny man," Natasha tittered.

"Well, glad I could amuse you then," He smirked. "Come on, you must be tired after everything." Natasha nodded. She hadn't been sleeping well since her capture two days ago. She had been having horrific nightmares of her training, various missions with who they called, "The Asset." She hadn't always woke up from those dreams in a pleasant state either. At least she had been able to hide the aftermath and save her pride at least a little. The nurses were a bit more forgiving than she figured Clint would probably be.

She had never had anything so nice as this guest room before! Her own queen sized bed, an en suite bathroom with a HOT shower, and a small little desk in the corner. Her therapists had suggested she try journaling, so she figured the desk would be a good place to do so.

"...And then we do our laundry on Thursdays, and then we come back and order take out and watch cheesy eighties movies," Clint informed her. "You need anything, I'm just a room away. Just like, knock first, okay?" Natasha nodded, settling her small self on to the bed. He smiled. "sweet dreams."

As soon as he was gone, she spread out. She smiled. Maybe things would get better. She yawned. Two nights of tossing and turning took its toll on a body. She carefully crawled under her massively fluffy comforter and closed her eyes.

* * * *

"No please! I'll be good this time! I promise!" She had begged.

"No, you're much too sassy to be any sort of good," An unknown man said. "Take her to the black room!" Suddenly two people had her by her arms and legs, dragging her into the blackness. The black room had always been where the recruits who couldn't take it were taken. She had seen many of the girls dragged from their beds in the night. muffled pleas for help echoed in her ears as she was dragged into the black room.

"Stop! STOP!" She screamed, thrashing helplessly. She was strapped down with leather restraints to the chair.

* * * *

"Tasha wake up!" Clint said, gently shaking her shoulder. She woke with a scream, her hands managing to wrap around themselves around Clint's neck. "Natasha," He choked out. She let him go as she trembled.

"I'm sorry," She said in a tiny voice.

"Hey, it's okay," Clint said, sitting at the foot of the bed. That was a good move. She didn't trust herself in this state. "I can't tell you how many times I did the same thing to Phil. Well, not the exact same thing. I kind of slept with an arrow or a knife under my pillow. I may have caused him a few nicks." That same habit of rubbing the back of his neck. It must be a thing he did when he was embarrassed, she decided. "Seriously, it's okay. Now, come on. Phil's bringing pizza. The good stuff too, not some stupid chain."

"What does a restraint have to do with food?" She asked, her face as blank as ever. Clint laughed, and she couldn't help but smile. She slowly assessed her present state; dry, thank GOD. She nodded, undoing the covers and following him to the living room.

* * *

They were so enamored with each other. Clint and his boyfriend slash handler. She had listened to Phil go on and on and ON about the forms she was signing, initialing, dating. Most of it was so that no one could arrest her unless she violated company policy, a few disclosures.... she just did what she was told. That's what Clint had said to do. He then proceeded to play footsie with his lover under the table. Natasha had rolled her eyes. They were such children. She finally had found an excuse to retire early, stating a need to try some new techniques they had told her to try in therapy. It wasn't entirely a lie. They did suggest she try and get to bed earlier, take her time, build a routine. She wasn't sure how. But she decided to start with a shower. After a little bit of fiddling, she figured out how to work it. She took her time, letting the warm water wash away her stress and the nightmare from earlier.

MEANWHILE....

"Clint, you're doing a great job as her handler," Phil said. "I know that this afternoon was hard, but you did good. I wouldn't have done anything different."

"I just, I keep worrying I'm gonna fuck her up in one way or another," Clint huffed.

"That feeling is normal. At least you two aren't going out on missions," Phil pointed out.

"But.... But what if she CAN'T?" He finally asked. "What if she can't handle missions? After everything she's been through, I.... I don't want to push."

"If she can't handle missions she can be a paperwork assistant," Phil said simply. "I can ALWAYS use help with paperwork."

Clint couldn't help but laugh. "Yeah, somehow I don't see that happening," He chuckled, giving Phil a quick peck on the lips. "You're the best, you know?" Suddenly, there was a tiny little "ahem," From the hallway. They looked up to see Natasha in standard issue SHIELD clothing. Clint made a mental note they needed to go shopping.

"I'm not sure if it is customary in your culture, but I came to say goodnight," She said, the smallest of smiles on her lips.

Clint and Phil both smiled warmly at her. "Goodnight Natasha," They said in unison. She smiled, returning the gesture before returning to her room. She could trust them, she was sure of that. Maybe, in time.... they would be a family? She didn't want to get her hopes up, but going to bed thinking about it... maybe that would keep the worst of the nightmares away.

*003*2015-07-05 22:37

I HAS AN UPDATE!!!! :D These really are turning out to be quite long, but I enjoy them. :) Lemme know what y'all think! Also: Trigger warning for brief mentions of violence. Doubt it's needed, but better safe than sorry. :)

Chapter 3:

* * * *

"STOP!" She begged, before she felt another hand come down on her again. "Please, I'll be good! I promise!"

"SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU USELESS BITCH!" A fist collided with her face, sending her into blackness.

* * * *

She woke, tears in her eyes as she screamed. She frantically looked around, grateful Clint hadn't come in like last time. Her breathing became less frantic but more ragged as she settled down. It was then that she felt it: the sheets were soaked underneath her. She groaned. She had very little in the way of clothing to begin with, and these accidents weren't helping. She angrily got out of bed, stripping the sheets and herself before going to shower.

* * *

"So I heard you've been screaming in your sleep," Nina said. She told Natasha that if she didn't like doctors to just call her whatever she felt comfortable with. She said she wanted Natasha to trust her. "Are you still having bad dreams?"

Natasha nodded slowly. "Usually it's about my first handlers," She said slowly. "They weren't the nicest people."

"I can imagine," Nina said. "Do you feel ready to tell me what they did?"

Natasha shrugged. "Didn't someone tell you?"

"No, we only know what we found out a few days ago," She said calmly.

Natasha took a shaky breath. "They used to beat me up," She said. "When I wasn't good enough or fast enough, they'd hit me. They said I was worthless, and maybe they should just kill me like the other failures."

"You know you're not a failure, right?" Nina said. Natasha shrugged. "Natasha, you're human. There are things outside of your control, and you were wrong to be punished for them, alright? Try and remember that."

"It wasn't outside of my control when I had accidents on missions," She scoffed.

"Yes, it was," Nina countered. "Your body can only take so much Natasha. Try and remember you're not the reason the world is a horrible place. You might have done bad things, but you didn't get a say in them, alright?" Natasha nodded slowly. "I'm proud of you for opening up today. I'll see you back on Friday."

* * *

"So how did it go?" Clint asked as they walked back to his quarters. She shrugged. She didn't feel like discussing therapy yet. "Okay then. Look, the SHIELD clothing is knd of boring, and not everyone has a leather fetish, so I was thinking we could go shopping today if you wanted."

"Shopping?" Natasha asked. "As in a shopping center?"

"In America we call them malls. You've never been, have you?" He asked. She shook her head. "Good, because I needed to get to the mall anyways to get some stuff for Phil. We'll go after we have lunch with Him."

* * *

Turns out Phil had to work through lunch so CLINT had decided Natasha needed to try this greasy sandwich that they sold at the mall called a "Cheese Steak." It tasted like a million calories in the best way. As they finished eating, he lead her to their first stop, a store that looked like a clothing bomb had gone off. "Why are the people twenty-one forever? Is it because the store is so messy?" She asked.

CLINT chuckled. "They aren't, it's just the name of the store. It has something to do with looking young," he explained. "Anyways, I'll be in the guys section. You look around and find some stuff, okay?"

Natasha nodded. Surely they had SOMETHING in this mess that she would like. She scanned the sections close by Clint, finding some skinny jeans and basic tops, and some that were what they called "crop tops." She had never seen so much, and they had EVERYTHING here. Clothes and bras and underwear, and pajamas too.

Finally Clint came over, some shirts in his hands. "You want to try any of that on?" He asked, noting the ever growing stack in her hands. She shook her head. He shrugged, leading the way to the cash registers. Her stomach dropped when she realized Clint was the only one of the two of them with any way to pay for anything.

"Maybe I should put this-"

"Don't even start. I wouldn't offer to take you shopping if I minded paying," CLINT said politely.

"But I have no way to pay you back," She said, knowing there was ONE way... But she doubted that was what CLINT wanted.

"Hey, it's no big deal, really," he insisted. "I don't mind spending money on you. That's what friends do. Well, sometimes anyways."

"That's what we are? Friends?" She asked hopefully.

Clint smiled. "Yeah, that's exactly what we are," He answered confidently. Natasha kept her mouth shut as CLINT checked them out, cringing at the total. As soon as she came into some money, she decided she would pay Clint back for this. They spent the rest of their afternoon wandering around the mall. They bought Clint new running shoes, A few ties for Phil, and Natasha a few pairs of socks. But when they passed the toy store, Natasha couldn't stop herself from asking if they could go inside.

"Ummm sure," He said. He didn't want to discourage her actually speaking up. She smiled and tugged him by the wrist inside. It was an interesting place, filled with trains that ran on tracks around the walls, colorful blocks and books lining some shelves, dolls and action figures lining another and THERE. It's the display of stuffed animals that had pulled her attention inside the store. And there, sitting on the top shelf, she finds it.

The bear is hot pink with white swirls and a little black nose and a brown bow around its neck. It's unique, a little strange and a little girly. Natasha quietly picks him up, runs her fingers over the soft fur on his body before she cuddles it.

"Do you want it?" Clint asks with an amused smile. Natasha blushes a deep shade of red. WEAKNESS! her mind screams, and suddenly it's all she can do to keep from crying and screaming. Her breaths start to hitch and the panic must be evident on her face because Clint has his arms around her suddenly. And the weird thing is, she doesn't attack him for it. Somehow this feels right. As she realizes he's talking to her, she begins to listen closely to him.

"....Breathe Tasha. I can't help you if you don't talk to me," He murmurs. "I'm sorry if I upset you."

"Y-you- didn't," She gasped. God that sounded so WEAK. "S-sorry."

"Tasha, breathe, just try and relax, okay? I'll call Phil," Clint said calmly. Oh God. IF they went home, that meant she was going to be punished for this. She whimpered. She didn't want to be punished. She wanted to be good. Good girls didn't have panic attacks. She couldn't stop the hysterical tears as Clint lead her to his car. So much for a good day.

* * *

"Hey Tasha," Clint said with a smile as he entered her room later that night. Oh God, here it came. He had left her alone after they had gotten back. She had cried herself to sleep and woke up crying and soaked. She had found her bag of clothes by the door, and all of them were there. That just meant he was taunting her. She looked up at him with nervous eyes.

Clint quietly came in to the room. "So... I get it. I mean I had my fair share of panic attacks when I first came here too. And over really silly things. Like when Phil and I were on a mission in Kentucky trying to stop some drug lord, and we went to this barbecue place-"

"Does this story have a point or is listening to you babble my punishment?" Natasha asked before her hands flew over her mouth. "I'm sorry I didn't-"

"Tasha," Clint said sadly, "Why would you think.... Actually, yeah I can see where that could be your logic. But you're not getting punished. I'll never punish you for something out of your control. I- WE came in here to cheer you up." He pulled the teddy bear from behind his back, the very same one that she had had the panic attack over.

"You... you got it!" She squealed, taking the bear and smooshing it to her chest. "Oh thank you Clint thank you thank you thank you!"

"You're welcome," He smiled. "Glad I could make you feel better."

Natasha examined the bear happily. "Did you mean it when you said you would never punish me?" She asked.

"Yeah. Phil would kill me if I did, and then he'd have to fill out at least fifty forms," Clint said with a smirk. "Plus, my parents kind of smacked me and my brother around before they died. It wasn't too much better when I was in the circus either. I made my brother a promise I'd never 'punish' anyone."

Natasha smiled. "I'm glad," She said, running a hand over the bear's fur.

"So what's his name?" Clint asked. "I mean a bear this special HAS to have a name."

Natasha thought for a minute. "I think I'll call him... Pinkie bear," she smiled. "Like pinkie swear, but better."

"I love it," CLINT smiled.

(AN: Yeah, kind of a weird ending here, but I like it. It's really cute and Clintasha-y. :) Hope y'all enjoyed it!)

*004*2015-07-09 16:25

New update! :D as usual, trigger warning, mostly for torture and brief mention of abuse, although the only thing is they are captured and put in a cell, and then Natasha mentions some of her training at the end. But still, better safe than sorry. :) enjoy!

Chapter 4:

Natasha began to hyperventilate. This wasn't supposed to happen. They were just going to get tampons from fucking WALMART of all places!!

"Tasha, come on, I need you to breathe," Clint said, calmly, pacing around the cold, tiny cell. She assumed he was trying to find an escape route. She couldn't think. All she could feel was fear. THAT was the problem with emotions! WHY did her stupid doctors not see that?!

"We're gonna die," She choked out, shaking. "We're gonna die we're gonna die we're gonna die oh God Clint we're gonna die!"

Clint slowly wrapped his arms around her sobbing form. "Tasha, we're not gonna die. They didn't even take my phone. These guys are amateurs, they just gagged us and threw us in here. Phil's gathering up the team and he said he'd be here as fast as he could."

"Why can't we just escape?" She asked, sniffling miserably.

"Cuz rule number one when you're captured is decide what keeps you the safest. And as long as no one comes in to beat us up, it's probably safer in here than out there."

"But um..." She bit her lip and squirmed.

"Oh. Uhm..." Clint blushed. It had to be with a girl on a late night tampon run. It just HAD to be. If it were Phil he would have just told him not to be stupid and to just piss in the corner. But Tasha was.... a GIRL. Yes that was sexist thinking but he was a boy and she was essentially a civilian, despite the fact that she had once been a vicious killer.

"I'll just wait," She said, though in all actuality she had had to go since before they left. Clint chewed his lip.

"Tash..."

"And what alternative is there in this stupid stone cell?" She asked, still shaking. He shrugged. He'd been captured enough to know not to expect much from your captors. "God I wish I had Pinkie Bear...."

"I know Tash. Come on, let's just rest. Who knows how long until something happens?" Clint said. Natasha nodded, simply sinking to the ground against a wall. Clint sat next to her, silently offering his support. Natasha curled up against him. This whole ordeal had been exhausting and she just wanted to rest. Her eyes slowly drifted closed against her will.

* * *

Someone was screaming. That was the first thing he realized as he woke up. Then everything else hit him: Captured, cell, torture... His eyes flew open as he hopped to his feet, not realizing Tasha had fallen asleep. She gasped as she awoke too, tears in her eyes. Clint settled down and slipped back in to the spot next to her. Never mind his own body needing something, she was more important.

"Clint," She sobbed.

"Shh, I'm here," He breathed, wrapping an arm around her shaking form. "I'm here Tasha, you're safe."

"When is Phil coming?" She whimpered, a hand resting on her thigh.

"Soon. He probably has to clear it with Fury and that always takes ages, especially when it's.... almost midnight," He sighed. "He'll be here, I promise. How are you holding up?"

Natasha winced at the words, squirming even more. "I just want my bear and to be back home," She whimpered, not even trying to hide the hand in her crotch.

Clint winced. "You're not gonna like me," He sighed. "I have to pee too."

"Great. Just great," She muttered.

Clint shrugged. "I'm wondering if our captors aren't just perverts," He mumbled, shifting. "Ugh, I know how this ends. Are you gonna be okay if, um..."

"Your body, your choice," She said, repeating what they kept telling her.

He smiled sadly at her. "You know you could..."

"Not a chance. I'm a lady," She sighed. He nodded, walking to the farthest corner away from her. She squirmed even more. Falling asleep had been a mistake. She had woken up dry, but it felt like she had been dealt double the hot golden liquid in place of an accident. She didn't dare think of what Clint was doing, or how the sound of liquid hitting the floor only made her bladder throb painfully, or the fact that their captors had yet to come in an bug them. Seriously, you'd think if they wanted the Black Widow and a freakishly accurate assassin at their disposal, they would have made their demands by now. Unless... Oh no. Unless this was just a stop on the way to where they were really headed. "Ah!" Her panties got damp as she panicked.

"What is it?" Clint asked, finishing and re-situating himself before he joined her on the floor.

"What if this is just stop number one? What if they're waiting on someone else to come get us? Or to kill us?" She asked.

"Then Phil will stop them," He said.

"How can you have so much blind faith in him?" She asked. "He hasn't shown up yet."

"Because he said so. Phil keeps his word Tasha," Clint said, rubbing her back.

"Tell me about how you two met," She whimpered, needing a distraction from the constant throbbing of her bladder. Clint saw this and regailed her on how he had had a shitty childhood and shitty teen years that sort of culminated into the epic fail that was joining the circus/crime team. At some point he realized how much trouble he was in if he didn't get out, and that's sort of how he and Phil came into contact, because he informed the authorities of how he knew about plans to rob Stark Industries. He was explaining how he and Phil finally confessed their undying love for each other (Clint's words, not hers), when Natasha's poor bladder finally gave out.

She whimpered when she felt the seat of her jeans getting absolutely drenched as she whimpered. "I'm so-"

"Shhh, you tried so hard Tasha. It's okay," Clint cooed. She simply could not fight it anymore and leaned into him, simply sobbing again. Damn emotions. Damn everything. When the torrent from between her legs finally died off, she let herself slump against Clint.

"Well fuck," She coughed out. She would have said more but suddenly there were sounds of someone approaching. This was it, they were going to die. Except... she could hear gunfire. And... fighting? She paled when she realized that, just like Clint had promised, Phil had come for them. Suddenly the door was kicked in, and there, in a bullet-proof vest, was Phil Coulson, and a one-eyed pirate spy.

"Director," Clint said, pulling the two of them to their feet. "I-I can explain..."

"Good, you can explain why SHIELD is harboring fugitives in my office when we get back," The pirate-spy said. "Oh, and you forgot something." He chunked the box of tampons at his head, and Clint caught them. Natasha whimpered but felt Clint's firm arms around her.

"You're okay. You're not going anywhere Tasha," He said firmly, anger taking over his features. Phil handed her Pinkie Bear from inside his vest. Well, at least if she was going to rot in a goverment prison, she wouldn't be alone.

* * *

Things were quite a flurry when they returned. Everyone either gasped or snickered when they saw the deadly Black Widow in soaked pants. There were, however, two agents who gave her sympathetic smiles and offered to go with her back to Clint's quarters. In fact, one girl- Tina, she was pretty sure that was her name- Planted herself directly by Natasha's side while she waited outside the directors office for Clint.

"You're not the first person," She said, handing Natasha a blanket. "They say it happens to most people the first time they get captured. At least the stubborn ones. They told us in training its a good way to end up with wet clothes and a head cold and to just suck it up and piss in the corner."

"In Russia they taught us to hold it and if we piss ourselves we will be beaten and made to lick up the mess," She said plainly, snuggling into the blanket.

"Well, you're in America now, things are different," Tina shrugged. It was then when they heard Clint swear and Phil poked his head out.

"Tasha, we could really use you right now," He said. "Thank you for watching out for her Tina."

"No problem Agent Coulson," She smiled. Natasha took a shaky breath, kept a firm grip on her bear as she walked into the spy-pirate's office.

"Natasha, this is Director Fury," Phil explained. "He was unaware that we had taken you in as a refugee and would like to ask you a few questions."

"And he BETTER NOT shoot you," Clint added icily. Natasha gulped. This was so bad.

"Just sit," Director Fury snapped. She hesitantly sat down in the only leather chair she found, which was directly in front of his desk. "Listen red-head. I am in charge of everything around here. That rescue? Me. Your treatment? Me. That purple bird brain who seems to think you won't kill anyone? My best agent. And he seems to be pretty protective over you. Is that true?"

Natasha nodded shyly. "Clint kept me calm and quiet and distracted until you and Phil came for us," She said quietly.

"Phil? He let's you call him Phil?!" The director asked angrily, earning himself a snarl from Clint. "Look.... Natasha. You've got them wrapped around your fingers. I, on the other hand, am not so easy to persuade. You've made quite a mess of my jobs lately and I do not appreciate it."

"Director..." Natasha started, making him look at her eerily with his one good eye. "I.... I didn't get much of a choice in who I was or what I did before. And the side effects of what I did aren't that great either. But... I want to be good. I want to make up for what I did. Somehow. Clint said he's my handler and I do what he says, and that he won't make me do anything I don't feel okay doing. Phil- Coulson, whoever, seems to trust him. I haven't killed anyone yet, have I?"

"Tasha-" Phil started, before the director silenced him.

"You said yet. Are you planning a murder? Or a mass killing-spree I should know of?"

"No sir. Clint wants me to be a normal human, or at least not a serial killer. I'm working on that in therapy," She said nervously.

The director seemed to think about this for a minute. "And you're taking full responsibility for her and all of her actions Barton?" He asked. Clint gave the angriest nod she had ever seen, and that seemed to be enough for the director, who turned to her. "Listen well, because I do not repeat myself. You are to do whatever that man says. He says go to therapy, you do it. He says sneeze, you do it. Cause any more problems, and I will not hesitate to throw your ass in my very cushy jail cell, got it?"

Natasha gulped, but nodded. That seemed to be the end of it, and soon she and Clint were on their way back to their quarters. Pinkie Bear seemed to sense that they were okay, and that Clint was just being a stubborn, overprotective man. Somehow Natasha was okay with that. For the first time in a long time, she slept dreamlessly and peacefully that night. Even when she woke up at five in the morning to wet sheets, it didn't seem so bad. As long as Clint was around, she knew that no matter what happened, he would keep the two of them safe.

*006*2015-07-21 21:13

Alright so here's the deal: Someone I work with, who I also happen to be very close with (In a strictly professional manner mind you: We're all girls where I work) kind of.... "Resigned" on the ninth (Read into that all you want: You're probably right, but I can niether confirm nor deny it). And thus, here I am, taking out all my problems on Tasha again. She just seems to be my victim of choice. And as I am dealing with feelings, this might get kind of triggery. As usual, a warning for possible mentions of abuse, torture, and MAYBE non-con. Maybe. I just want someone else to feel the sense of loss and distrust at everything I am feeling right now. So yeah, let's torture Natasha some more, shall we? Also, fair warning: I ended up breaking this into two parts, simply because as I wrote it, it got pretty long....

Chapter 5:

Natasha panicked internally. Maybe this wasn't happening. Maybe this was all just another one of those horrid nightmares and any minute now Clint would come in and wake her up and things would be fine. But somewhere inside her head she knew that wasn't the truth. She whimpered, trying to fight the tears she knew were coming. She hoped Maria Hill was as nice to her now as she had been earlier.

A FEW DAYS BEFORE:

"Nat, we need to talk," Clint said as he and Phil sat at the breakfast table. They had made her hot chocolate. They knew it was her favorite thing. This was a very bad sign.

"What's going on?" She asked nervously, looking at the drink rather than sipping it. Pinky Bear was secure in her arms.

"Nothing is wrong per se," Phil started. "We just have a mission."

"Oh," she shrugged, not getting it yet.

"That's all you have to say?" Clint asked, a bit of confusion tinting his features.

"I mean I don't ENJOY sitting around with Phil but..."

"Natasha," Phil said gently. "I have to go into the field with Clint. You can't come. You haven't been cleared yet."

Oh. Oh. OH! "But... But where am I- I mean the Director SAID he wouldn't kill me but- and then the bear and- and-"

"Breathe Tasha, breathe," Clint said, coming over to hug her. She was shaking and on the verge of tears.

"We asked around and you have a couple of options," Phil said. "You mentioned Tina, and since I'm training her, Clint and I are fine if she stays here while we're gone, or Agent Hill has offered to let you stay with her in her on-base quarters."

Natasha chewed her lip. They told her not to hide how she felt, that it was a bad thing to do. But old habits die hard. And besides, as far as she knew, Agent Hill hadn't seen her disgrace herself. "Agent Hill," she said evenly. Phil looked at Clint, who must have given some sort of look of his own before Phil nodded. "I'll let her know."

THE NEXT AFTERNOON....

"You have everything?" Clint asked as he stood in the doorway of Natasha's bedroom. She nodded slowly, and as she did so, Clint saw Pinkie Bear's ears poking out of her backpack. "Good, cuz I have a present for you."

"Clint I really don't-"

"Hush silly girl," he said, digging around in his pocket. At least it was small. He finally pulled out a silver key. "Since you're officially a member of SHIELD, I figured it best you have a key to this place."

Natasha took the small piece of metal into her hands, examining it. "Does this mean...?"

"Consider it a welcome gift, since I'm officially your handler," he smiled.

Natasha glanced at the key, then at Clint, then back at the key. She pocketed the object with not a hint of the emotions she was feeling. "I'm ready."

Clint nodded, leading her out to the living room. "Natasha, this is Assistant Director Hill," he said evenly.

Natasha paled. Surely she knew what had gone on in that blasted cell. What the director had said. What she had done....

She didn't realize she was having a panic attack until Clint had her in his big, strong, arms, whispering softly to her. "....the bear Tasha. Where did you pack him?" Clint whispered. She sniffled and pointed a shaky hand at her backpack. Phil dug Pinkie Bear out, and silently handed the bear over to her. She buried her face in his soft fur, that smelled like.... like Clint?

"I made sure I put some of my cologne on there for you, in case this happens while we're away," He explained quietly. Natasha nodded. Even though she didn't feel ready, she tried to shove the panic away, with more success than she had thought she would have, and wiggled herself out of Clint's arms.

"I-I'm sorry Miss Hill," She stammered, fearing rebuke.

Maria looked at Clint, before she continued. "Just call me Maria, or Agent Hill. Whatever is easier on you," She explained in a voice that sounded strangely Canadian, but still put her at ease. Phil lead her into the hall while the grown-ups talked (His analogy, not hers). When Clint and Maria finally returned, She threw herself onto Clint.

"Come back to me," She begged softly.

"I swear Tasha, I'm coming back. And when I do we'll get you caught up on all the Disney Princess movies you missed," He said, earning a small laugh from the two agents behind him. Natasha nodded, un-hugging Clint before grabbing her bear and crushing that to her chest. As Natasha walked down the hall away from Clint, she tried hard to keep her breathing even.

Maria eventually stopped in front of a large door. She placed her palm on the scanner and it opened instantly, revealing a lush suite, something similar to Clint's place, but.... bigger. There was more space, and the furnishing was a little less worn. Actually, it didn't look like anyone was ever really here. "....So this is where you'll be staying until they get back," Maria pointed to the guest bedroom, opening the door for Natasha. Again, like her room at Clint's but... bigger. Even the bed looked larger. "I know it's nothing special but it was last minute and I didn't want Director Fury to butt in."

"Does he still hate me?" Natasha asked softly, sitting on the edge of the bed, bear still crushed to her chest.

"Not directly," Maria said, sitting with her. "He's just a bit leery to trust you, because he thinks you'll go rogue again. I think Clint was right and you deserve a second chance. After everything you've been through Natasha... You deserve a chance to be free."

Was she ever truly going to be free though? She doubted it. "So what do you do all day?" Natasha asked.

"Meetings, meetings, and more meetings," Maria sighed. "And I have to be in command at seven since that's when Clint and Phil are supposed to land. You can stay here or come with. We don't have to go anywhere until after lunch."

Natasha nodded. She ended up curling up on the bed. "....Can we watch a movie?" Maria smiled. Turned out she had as many Disney movies as Clint, but she preferred the animal ones over princesses. They ended up watching a movie about two dogs who fell in love and had a lot of puppies. Then they were dog-napped by this lady who had an unhealthy obsession with fur coats. "Isn't that sort of thing illegal?" Natasha finally asked.

Maria shrugged. "I suppose. It wasn't really okay in the sixties either," she answered.

"In Russia all the rich women had fur coats," Natasha explained. "That's how I knew who my targets usually were." Maria wasn't quite sure how to respond to that, so she settled for a smile and a pat to the head.

"You hungry? I have some yummy sandwich stuff." Natasha nodded eagerly, following the woman to the kitchen, eyeing the box on the table carefully.

Maria smiled. "Let's take a peek."

*008*2015-07-27 02:16

Tada! A new update! :D For those of us just joining in: Last time, Clint and Phil left for a mission, leaving Natasha with Maria Hill. They were watching 101 Dalmatians and are now going to investigate what's in the mysterious box on her kitchen table. Mentions of kidnapping, and panic attacks. Now then:

Chapter 5 (Part 2):

"Let's take a peek," Maria smiled. In truth it was a present she was HOPING would keep Natasha still and well-behaved (And hopefully panic-attack free) while she was in meetings all day. She handed Natasha the package and smiled when the girl gasped. Inside was one of her blank sketchbooks, along with a coloring book and some crayons. Maria was quite fond of art, and had found it to be quite a stress reliever (Something she sorely needed in her line of work). She hoped it would work for Natasha as well. "Do you like it?"

Natasha nodded tearily. She still wasn't quite used to the idea of presents with no strings attached. It vaguely crossed her mind she should be "thanking" Maria for her gift, but the rational part of her told her not to. Maria let her examine them while she made lunch: Chicken and tomato sandwiches with arugula on her Panini press. She also grabbed two bottles of juice out of the fridge and a bag of sweet potato chips as well, ever the health nut. Natasha had decided to wait to use them and instead let Maria set the table. They ate in companionable silence, and Natasha sighed when she finally finished.

"Did you get enough to eat?" Maria asked. She didn't often deal with the refugees that SHIELD came across, but she noticed that they ALWAYS looked underfed. Natasha nodded eagerly, and Maria smiled. "Good. Go wash your hands while I get ready to go," She finished instructing. As Natasha slipped off into the guest bedroom, she made a mental to do list. Her notes were waiting on the table, she had Natasha's art supplies, her folder (She really needed to look through that later), and... the bear. If she left without the bear she was sure all hell would break loose. Luckily, when Natasha reemerged, she had it in her arms. Maria handed her the box, and off they went towards the conference room. Natasha was sat quietly outside the door, and the guards were instructed to inform her and only her if there were any problems. They nodded, saluting her. All in all things were relatively quiet. At least until someone came bustling towards the doors and the guards stopped them.

"State your business," The taller, bulkier brunette said.

"A-an issue has arisen with Agents Coulson and Barton," He stammered. "Assistant Director Hill is needed in command ASAP." Brunette didn't take his eyes off of the guy but his counterpart, the one with sandy blonde hair, went into the room. Natasha, meanwhile, paled. No. Clint promised he would come back! Her breathing came more rapidly, and it was then that the others noticed her.

"Who's that?" He asked.

"I dunno, Hill just told me to make sure she was good and if she wasn't to get her," Brunette said. Hill and Blondie emerged from the room, and Natasha frantically stood.

"Breathe Tasha, I'm sure this is nothing," Hill assured the clearly frightened girl. The five of them made their way to command, Natasha cradling her bear the whole way. "Talk to me, what's going on?"

"Their plane went off radar thirteen minutes ago. It was hijacked and Agent Barton was taken. Agent Coulson landed the jet and was the one who contacted us." Natasha began shaking. Clint had been taken. Phil had lost contact. He was in trouble. Her chest was tight. He was in danger. Her hands shook. Clint might... He might... She couldn't bring herself to finish that thought, and she didn't realize she was on her way to the ground until Maria caught her. She couldn't help the loud sob that escaped her. Suddenly all the agents in the room were glaring at her, until Maria barked some command and they all begrudgingly turned back to their work. Natasha wanted so badly for Clint, but he was lost and she had to stay here and be good. And a panic attack was not part of being good.

All of a sudden a new voice entered her realm. That girl... Tina. She moved to sit with Natasha while Maria went back to the chaos that was this mission. Natasha remained fairly quiet as she settled. Tina had another blanket and offered it to Natasha.

"Why do you always have blankets?" She asked, wrapping it around the two of them.

"They suggested it in training," She explained. "Agent Coulson takes us through a psych training as well as physical and mental. They give us different coping techniques to try, and one that works on me is snuggling with blankets. They seems to work for you too, at least a little."

Natasha nodded and remained quiet after that. She was still trembling. All she could think about was Clint, and if he would be okay.

The day passed slowly, and Tina and Natasha eventually made their way to the cafeteria.

"He'll be okay Tasha," Tina said, setting a sandwich in front of her.

"You don't know that," she mumbled, poking the bread with her finger. "He said when you get captured, you have to judge what's best for your safety."

"And Clint is an expert at that by now," Tina promised. Natasha was about to open her mouth when Maria sat down with them.

"How close are you?" Natasha asked her instantly.

"Phil is working on a plan with the others as we speak," she informed the girls. "We're probably going to send in a team for extraction."

Natasha nodded. "How is Phil?" She asked nervously.

"He's in mission mode Tasha, he's just fine," Maria assured her. "You need to eat."

Natasha really did try, but she could barely stand to put half of her sandwich in her stomach, worrying if Clint would be getting any supper. It didn't seem fair for her to eat and not him. Finally Tina went back to her quarters and Maria lead Natasha back to her own.

"How often does this happen?" She whispered.

"More than you'll ever know, especially with Clint," Maria said gently. "The boy is a danger magnet." Natasha nodded slowly, curling into a ball on Maria's bed. "You need to sleep Natasha."

"Uh uh," she said, cuddling her bear. "Nightmares."

"Do you want to stay here?" She offered. Strange as that would be, promises were made, and at least one had to be kept. Natasha shook her head frantically.

"I-I'll... I guess he would want me to sleep," she whispered. Maria nodded. Natasha sulked off to the guest bedroom. The bed was so big and nice and would be such a hassle to try and clean when she inevitably messed it up. But anxiety attacks were tiring and she was already worn out from stressing about CLINT. She no more than curled up under the covers and she fell asleep.

* * * *

The next time she opened her eyes, it was morning. She could tell because of the smell of maple syrup and meat coming into the room. She sat up with a stretch, grimacing when she felt the soaked bed beneath her. She would have to deal with that today. She sighed and went to get in the shower and start the endless cycle of her day. It wasn't as bad as usual. Maria made sure not to mention anything about the mission or the fact that both of them looked like they had gotten next to no sleep. But then it got exponentially worse when Maria led her to the medical wing, bear in arms.

"No!" Natasha said, trying to run before the two beefy guards from the day before carried her into the therapy office. She screamed and cursed in Russian but it did her no good.

"Natasha," A new voice said. She looked up to see herself sitting with a new female. She was thin and blonde and had a ring on her finger. "I heard some things happened yesterday that upset you." Silence. Absolute silence. If she didn't talk it would give them less to use against her and make them let her go quicker. "Are you going to talk today or should we do something else?" Natasha raised an eyebrow and the blonde lady smirked. "Come on, do you like exercise?" It turned out that the medical wing had a recreational exercise room. No punching bags (Much to her disappointment), but she could run on the treadmill to her hearts content, and THAT is when she opened up about Clint, and the panic attacks, and a little bit about her bedwetting. The blonde took notes, until Natasha was sweaty and crying and barely jogging as the treadmill came to a complete stop.

"What if he never comes back?" She finally asked. The blonde looked torn between telling her the truth or a lie, when she finally settled on a compromise. "I think you'd still be here. Well taken care of, by all of us. But I think he's okay, and he'll come back Tasha." Another pretty lie she let herself believe. She decided she needed some alone time after that, and went back to Maria's place. It was quiet, clean. She showered again before stripping the bed and taking it to the wash, coming back up and passing out in Maria's bed.

* * * *

"Natasha?" Maria called. It was her voice that Natasha awoke to, and it took all of about twenty seconds for the color to drain from her face. Distraction, she needed a distraction.

"Um, I-I'll be out in a minute!" She called.

"Are you sure? I have good news," Maria said, her voice closer. Bad, this was very bad. She began shaking as she panicked. Think. Think... The lock! Stupid. She quickly locked the door. "Nat! What the hell?!"

"Um, I-I was... working on a surprise and it's not ready!" Stupidest. Response. Ever. Maria, ever the agent, began to pick the lock with one of her hairpins. Natasha's stomach dropped and she whimpered. Well, this was nice while it lasted. The door flew open, a slightly pissed off assistant director about to demand answers before she realized they were spelled out in front of her. Huh. She momentarily thinks that she should have read Natasha's file when she was trying to sleep last night.

"Oh Nat," She finally said.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry I didn't mean to I'll clean it up and buy you a new bed and do whatever you want I promise just don't- Don't-"

"Natasha, come on, relax," Maria said, handing her the bear. She snuggled the thing close, trying to breathe in what little of Clint she had left, bitter tears rolling down her cheeks. "Come on, you're okay. You're safe Natasha. No one is going to hurt you, okay? It was just an accident."

Natasha sobbed harder, expecting to be hit or violated but instead she was gently scooped up and set down in the guest room. Maria dug out some extra clothes, and handed them to her. "Get dressed. They're back," she told her before leaving. Natasha steadied herself enough to try and get out her wet clothes. She could shower later. As soon as she was changed she ran to find Agent Hill, who was waiting by the door. As she followed her to the infirmary/medical wing, she tried to keep her breathing even. The last thing she wanted was to go into hysterics now...

Finally she saw him. He was unconscious and all cut up, bloody and he was covered in bruises. She wanted to scream his name, but she couldn't seem to form a coherent thought. Clint was here. He was alive. For the first time in a long time.... someone kept their promise to her.

___

