Fiction- Kusono and Midori

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-01-02 06:12

Hey, this is my first fiction. Please read, and don't be too harsh if it's awful.

Kusono watched as Midori bent forward, her long, lavender hair falling over her blouse. She could tell that Midori wanted nothing more than to thrust her hands into her crotch, but she couldn't- not in front of their entire class. So instead she just bent forward again, pushing her privates against the wooden desk.

"Just hang on, Midori." Kusono whispered to her friend. "Just five more minutes and then you can go."

Midori bit her lip and smiled sheepishly at Kusono, nodding to show that she heard.

"Ah-hem!" Katuri-Sensei approached the young girls then, with a look of disapproval. "Is there a problem, Hokario-san?"

Kusono shook her head. "No, Sensei."

"Then I expect I will not hear another word from you or Tahashi-san for the remainder of the lesson."

"Yes, Sensei." Kusono responded obediently.

Kusono then glanced at the clock hanging above the door. Four more minutes. As Katuri-Sensei turned to walk back to the front of the room, Kusono patted her friend's shoulder in encouragement.

As another minute passed, Midori couldn't help but let out a small whimper as she squirmed in her seat, still refusing to hold herself in front of her classmates. Thinking that Katuri-Sensei was not looking, she leaned over to Kusono and whispered "I really don't think I can hold it."

"TAHASHI-SAN!" Katuri-Sensei turned around sharply and barked, "I told you not another word! When the lesson ends, you and Hokario-san will remain for an hour detention!"

"But-" Midori is interrupted by the Sensei's rapping of a ruler on the chalkboard.

Just then, the bell rings, signalling the end of the school day. All of the students begin filing from the classroom, except for Kusono and Midori.

"Excuse me, Sensei, may I please use the toilet before detention?" Midori practically begged as the last student filed from the classroom.

"No, you may not. You should have thought of that before talking in my class." The Sensei gathered his things and looked at the clock. "Your detention begins now. I will be in the office next door grading my papers. You are not to leave this room until I return."

As soon as the door is shut, Midori shoves her hand in between her legs. "Kusono-chan, what am I going to do?"

"I'm sorry, I don't know. I don't think we can get to the bathroom without him seeing; we would have to walk past the office."

"Ooo, Kusono-chan, I'm bursting." Midori's bum was moving in a side to side motion on the wooden chair, her right hand pressed into her privates, and her left gripping her thigh. "I can't hold it for another hour!" She moaned.

Kusono moved her chair closer to Midori and began to stroke her hair. "You can, you'll be okay."

Midori moved suddenly, her entire body clenching at once, and gripped herself harder. "Kuso..." She swore.

"Are you okay?" Kusono asked.

Midori shook her head and raised her pleated skirt, revealing a small wet patch on her white panties.

"Oh no..." Kusono agreed.

The next few minutes, Kusono could do nothing but watch as Midori held herself and shifted her weight, trying desperately to hold her bladder.

Finally, Midori's body gave in and Kusono got a full view as the fabric beneath her friend's fingers turned a darker blue and pooled around her bum on the seat, then started dripping onto the floor. She really had to go...Midori removed her hand from her skirt, and began to cry as her bladder continued to empty itself, making a puddle underneath her desk. "Oh, I'm so embarrassed."

"It's okay," said Kusono, trying to comfort Midori. "Better in front of me than the whole class, after all, right?"

So that's that. Good, bad, terrible? Any suggestions?

*002*2014-01-02 07:25

Thanks! Yeah, I didn't really think of much of a back story lol. I might though. Maybe I'll continue with these characters and write more about them! :)

*005*2014-01-27 02:33

Thanks guys, I began a section in Fiction, called Hana and Kimiko, if you'd like to have a read at it. Much more story.

