Summer with Snape - Page 12

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*277*2012-03-30 02:58

{{: 

I loved it! Please show Ginny wet her pants? No? Okay... I know it's your story, but I love this story, and it would be cute to see her lose it at one point...

}}

I'm trying to figure out where to put her, I have a scene with her...just dont know where it could fit. But yea I wasnt talking about you...lol I like the idea of putting Ginny in here.

{{: 

Awww! So cute! What a great chapter! This story consistently makes me melt (:

}}

Thank you so much, and I'm glad you like it

{{: 

Another couple of great chapters :) Definitely looking forward to the next chapter.

}}

You have really good timing...the next chapter is here already lol I'm glad your loving the story though

{{: 

Great, just great. And I love car desperation, so I reaaally hope you'll add some great car desperation in the next chapter. ;)

}}

I like car deperation myself...which is why I cannot wait for the return trip lol...I'm glad you like it though

{{: 

O_o that was quite possibly the cutest thing I've ever read IN MY LIFE

}}

Aww thanks so much, I'm glad you like it :)

*280*2012-03-31 02:39

{{: 

Ok, it's time to come clean. I've been following this story for quite some time now, and have loved every minute of it. So much that I realized it was only fair for me to get an account on this site and let you know! I've been writing HP fanfiction featuring desperation/wetting for quite some time now, but have never been brave enough to post it online. Thanks for writing such a great story--I'll be watching for your next update!

}}

Oh wow, thanks so much...and I'm glad you joined the community. Welcome and all that, and I would love to be able to read some of your Harry Potter omo, because they never seem like they have alot. After you post the first one, its gets easier as some people are really supported here. Again thanks so much for reading it and reviewing. :)

*283*2012-04-04 03:48

If I had of been on any site but this one, I would have felt really, really wierd for having so many omo scenes in these past few chapters. Then again I did warn you and say that it was gonna be here for a bit more then it had been lol.. Anyways since I'm not I hope you guys enjoy this chapter just as much as much as the rest of them.

Chapter 47

Ginny and Harry talked excitedly the whole way there and as they got closer their eyes widened as they saw the place they were going to. Harry grinned brightly as he looked at her. This was gonna be so much fun. They arrived at the park 20 minutes later, and Harry grinned at the name Cornwall’s Crealy Devon Adventure Park. He was so excited and he turned around to wake up Ron.

"Get up mate we're here," Harry said shaking his shoulder.

"Whazzit,” Ron mumbled not even opening his eyes.

"Try this Harry. Ron, Charlie's eating all your food off your plate," Fred called out, covering his ears a second later.

"Mum; don’t let him eat my food!" Ron yelled loudly as he instantly jerked up, hitting his head on the ceiling of the car.

"Ronald dear, they were kidding," Molly soothed; she knew how youngest son could be.

Harry laughed at his mate’s disgruntled expression at having been tricked.

Molly figured that the kids would want to split up to do different things. Percy was gonna be with the twins, Bill is with Ginny, and Charlie has the boys.

"Can we stay with Charlie, Bill?" Ginny asked her brother, she knew that she would have more fun if they were all together.

"Please Bill?" Harry asked, having caught on to her train of thought.

"Of course we can," Bill said looking at Charlie, not minding in the least.

After the group arrangements, Molly tells them all that since it is 10:00am, they will have lunch at 2:00pm and everyone will meet at the same place. Harry smiles as Charlie grabs his and Ron's hand as the crowd around the entrance is huge and quite daunting. Everyone soon separated into their groups and the fun can begin.

"Can we get on Maximus first?" Harry asked as he looks through the park map.

"How about this; everyone will have a turn. We'll start with Harry, Ginny, and Ron and then it'll start over unless Bill and I want to do something ok?" Charlie said to the kids.

"Ok," they all replied as they headed for the first ride.

As they walked Charlie smiled at what beautiful day this was gonna be, the sun was shining bright. As he passed a few food carts, he frowned, before looking over at Bill.

"What is it?" Bill asked quietly, at Charlie's look.

"It’s kind of hot today, I don’t want them to get dehydrated ya know?" Charlie said shaking his head.

"And they won’t, thanks for reminding me." Bill said halting the group for a moment.

"Everyone needs to drink a bottle of water. You do not have to drink it all at this second but we don’t want you to get sick ok?" Charlie said pulling out his money. He was grateful that he and Bill had stopped at Gringotts yesterday to exchange currency beforehand.

Harry nodded having had to deal with this from Snape, reached into the pouch around his neck for his money.

"Harry what is this?" Bill asked as Harry held out a 5 pound note to him.

"My money for my water," Harry said a bit confused.

"We have enough to get your water Harry," Bill said quietly.

"I know but I wanna pay for my own," he replied voice trying to stop his voice from taking on a distressed tone.

"Kid, put your money away," Charlie said softly.

"But I'm not supposed to let you..." Harry trailed off as he blinked away the sudden tears.

He didn’t want them to spend money on him, he had his own. He didn’t feel right allowing his friends family to pay for him, especially since they were short on cash and he wasn’t.

"Keep it Harry, that way you and Ron can have some for arcade games alright?" Bill said smiling, having seen the rapid blinking in Harry's eyes.

Ron looked at Harry curiously whose green eyes were a bit too shiny for his taste.

"Its ok mate, I have money too and they won’t let me spend it either." Ron said quietly.

Harry smiled a bit at Ron as he crumpled the note in his hand, he didn’t understand why they felt like they had to pay for it. He gave a soft reply of thanks when he was handed a water bottle. Harry drank it deeply trying to rid his throat of that lump that was making it hard for him to swallow. He was grateful when they came to the ride; and he and Ron grabbed Ginny's hand as they walked over to the line.

"What the hell was that about?" Charlie asked Bill as the kids headed towards the roller coaster.

"He's uncomfortable about us spending money on him." Bill said simply as he watched them wait in line.

Charlie nodded that he understood that, but didn’t comment on it. He knew exactly what Harry was trying to do. He realized a second later that the kids had an odd number before speaking to Bill as he kept his eyes on the kids.

“One of us should ride with them; otherwise one of them is going to ride alone.” Charlie said noticing that this coaster was two seats in one row.

“We’ll all ride, I don’t mind being the odd one out,” Bill said as they headed for the line.

Ron was talking excitedly to Harry and Ginny when they got off the ride. The rollercoaster was wicked and he had a blast. He was so excited he wasn’t paying attention to his body and he should have since his brain was desperately trying to alert him. As they took a breather and stood in line for the next ride, it all seemed to hit him at once and his hands immediately grabbed for his crotch.

Trying to see how far they were from the front, he groaned he didn’t think he could wait that long. He hadn’t gone since he woke up that morning having slept through the rest stop. He shuffled his feet a moment, not liking this feeling in the slightest. He had gotten so quiet that Ginny and Harry was looking at him a bit strangely.

"Ron; are you ok mate?" Harry asked concern all in his voice.

Ron nodded his head but didn’t verbally reply, trying to wait for Bill and Charlie's conversation to have a break.

"Charlie, I gotta use the toilet," Ron said turning to his brother

"Ok we'll go right after this ride alright," Charlie replied, not understanding that Ron meant right at that very moment.

"No Charlie, I gotta use the toilet right now." Ron explained, trying not to let his voice whine, but his situation was getting more urgent.

"When did you last go Ron?" Bill asked quietly.

"This morning, when you were in there," Ron whimpered softly, trying not to hold himself again.

"Oh shit, Charlie go and take him now. He didn’t go when we stopped like Ginny and Harry did." Bill said to his brother, understanding the situation quite clearly now.

"Come on Ron," Charlie said putting his arm around his brother's shoulder before leading him out of the line.

He wasn’t taking any chances today, especially after what he went through with Harry. As they finally got out of line, he stopped so he could take out his park map to see where the closest toilets were located at.

Ron tried to wait patiently, but standing still was torture and he didn’t want to disgrace himself. He allowed himself to step from side to side, pacing if you will as he waited for his brother.

"Charlie," Ron whined before holding himself quickly as a spurt tried to come out. He could feel it trying to make its way through his firm grip on himself.

"I know Ron; I just don’t know where the loo is. Just give me a moment," Charlie said sighing in relief as someone in a park uniform walked by and he quickly stopped them.

Ron by the time had his eyes scrunched tight while he had himself in a death grip. He was too desperate to be embarrassed that he was holding himself like a little kid. He sniffled as the desperation seemed to hit him again and the spurt splashed through the front side of his boxers and he felt it dribbling down his leg.

"Charlie...bloody...it’s...coming...out," Ron stammered as his eyes stung with tears.

"I know Ron, let’s go." Charlie said ignoring the language at the moment as he winced at his admission before leading his brother quickly to the nearest loo. Thankfully the line wasn’t that long and though Charlie tried to give Ron encouraging words he was gonna lose the battle if he didn’t go and soon.

A urinal finally opened up and Ron made a beeline for it, unbuckling and unzipping on the way. He pulled himself out of his damp boxers and aimed it at the porcelain. He sighed in obvious relief as it poured out of him. His shoulders sagged as he went, feeling better immediately.

Charlie relaxed as he saw Ron make it before deciding since he was here to; he could relieve himself as well. When they had finished they washed their hands and made their way out the loo.

Ron tried hard to ignore his damp boxers, and he was quiet still a bit shaken up about his almost accident.

Charlie looked down at his little brother worriedly, Ron was a chatterbox but he wasn’t talking at all. What the hell?

"Ron; are you feeling ok?" Charlie asked tugging his brother to a stop so he could look him in the eye.

"I almost didn’t make it, I didn’t like that feeling at all," Ron replied softly, visibly upset at what almost happened.

"I know you didn’t mate, next time I'll make sure to scope out the loos for ya beforehand ok?" Charlie said apologetically as he ruffled the other's hair.

"Alright, I guess that’s ok," Ron replied softly, still feeling a bit vulnerable and scared.

"By the way, you'd better not let mum hear you swear, or she'd swat you good." Charlie warned his little brother.

"It slipped?" Ron said wincing as he thought of what his mum would do him.

"Well make sure it doesn’t slip again. Now let’s go if we hurry they might still be in line." Charlie said as they jogged back towards the ride.

They sighed in relief when he they saw that they had just made it in time. Everyone quickly piled on the ride and off they went.

Harry laughed with Ginny and Ron as they got off the coaster. While he had loved going to a theme park with Snape, going with his mates was something new and a lot more fun in a different way.

As the kids talked Bill and Charlie kept note of the time and who was drinking their water like they were supposed to. Though they glanced over at the kids every time they passed a loo, they never asked. Bill was sure that they were old enough to let one of them know. Charlie knew how shy Harry could be when it came to it so he tried to keep an eye out for any strange behavior.

*285*2012-04-04 07:07

{{: 

Thanks for updating! It's great that you brought Ron's desperation into the story--I think he's such a perfect choice for some good omo scenes. Also, your Bill and Charlie make me melt--they're so sweet but I love that they're still flustered at times by the drama caused by the younger characters. Great job! :D

}}

Thanks so much for reading and reviewing and yea..well one of my readers want a Ginny scene, so I figured why not share the love lol..anyways Im glad you like it :)

{{: 

Brilliant! I really do love this story, though i found you're other story on Fanfiction, it was called Afraid to ask. Its what introduced me to this site. Can't wait until the next chapter! :D

}}

Thanks so much, yea I posted that their before I found this site. Anyways Im glad that you like them both. :)

*289*2012-04-05 21:57

{{: 

I loved it Sev, its always great. Soo I'm curious about one thing though. Since Harry and Ron both were desperate already, is Ginny gonna get a scene too?

I mean I don't care but I'm curious like I said. This chpter rocked as usual and I can't wait until the next chappie. :)

}}

Hey, and yea she'll have a little scene lol :)

{{: 

Aw, so awesome!!! :)

I loved the scene with Ron, it fit perfectly in my opinion.

}}

Aww thanks, I'm glad it did and that you like it of course B)

{{: 

Loved this! It totally rocked dude (: I love the older Weasly bro's <3

}}

Aww thanks, and yea I love Bill and Charlie as well. :D

*290*2012-04-06 11:44

I'm supposed to be sleep, but thankfully I dont have class on Friday, so like usual I'm not. This chapter is for Ishigreensa, he really wanted a Ginny scene, so I figured why the hell not. I hope you like it, and if you dont; I dont really care to know. Harry’s feelings for Ginny are platonic, I’m horrible at pairings…and anyways their too young. If anything, this is ‘puppy love’.

Chapter 48

They were now standing in line for the last ride before they would meet their parents for lunch. Ginny was starting to feel the effects of her water; she had long since drained her bottle and in fact had been given another one. She sighed softly as she became more and more aware of the pressure in her lower stomach. Ginny didn’t say anything though, not wanting to miss this ride. She knew she could always tell Bill or her mum later when they all sat down for lunch. Growing up in a house full of brothers had never bothered her in the slightest, so she wasn’t embarrassed about them knowing when she needed the loo.

The fact that Harry was here, and she kind of liked him, made everything different. She didn’t want him to look at her strange when she announced that she had to go, so she just decided to wait until they got to lunch. Thankfully the line seemed to move somewhat quickly and she didn’t have to stand there dancing in place. She knew that Bill would know automatically and she knew he would want her to go immediately. Ginny shook her head, she loved Bill the most, but he always treated her like a baby; even if she technically was the youngest of them all.

If she was being honest she didn’t mind it, but she didn’t want him to do it front of Harry. She smiled a painful smile as they finally got on the ride, and she squirmed in her seat, as the lap brace pushed against her already full tummy. She found herself whimpering before she could stifle it and Charlie turned to look at her in concern.

“What’s wrong Ginny?” He asked softly, trying to see if something was hurting her.

“The bar is kind of tight,” she replied honestly.

“I know, but it has to be that way. You want to be safe don’t you?” Charlie said gently.

“Yes I do,” she replied before sighing and turning back around.

As the ride started up the hill, she realized just how hard this was going to be to hold it all in, and she whimpered again. Only this time when she did it, she was grateful that Charlie couldn’t hear it over the sound of the ride. As the coaster dropped on the first hill, she forgot all about her bladder as she enjoyed the ride.

Bill made sure they had all the kids as they walked out the exit of the ride. That last one was very fun, and he hoped that they would have enough time to come back; sometime after lunch to ride it again.

“Where are we eating anyway?” Ron asked as he rubbed his growling stomach.

“At a picnic area in front of the park, mum made lunch.” Charlie answered, knowing that it would have cost his parents way too much money to eat here with everyone.

“Will we still get to buy treats here?” Harry asked softly, unsure of he could or not. Snape let him get a lot of things, but he didn’t want him mate to feel bad if they didn’t have enough for sweets.

“Of course you can Harry, just after lunch.” Bill said wanting to prevent an incident like the one they had earlier.

“Oh good, Ron there’s something that you have to help me eat,” Harry said excitedly, knowing his friend never said no to free food.

“What is it Harry?” Ron asked eyes already sparkling happily at the thought himself.

“It’s a surprise, but Ginny can help us eat it too,” Harry said turning around and smiling shyly at the quiet girl.

As he watched her blush, he suddenly noticed her tense up a bit. He looked at her closely, not sure if she was feeling ok or not, but not wanting to bring attention to it. He himself knew firsthand how annoying that could be. As the group started walking back towards the entrance which was also the exit; he walked with her while Bill and Charlie and Ron talked about the different types of muggle treats. Out of impulse he grabbed her hand, knowing that always made him feel better when Snape did it to him.

“Are you ok Ginny?” Harry asked worry etched across his face.

“I’m fine Harry,” she squeaked, before blushing bright red, as her bladder alerted her brain that she most certainly was not fine.

“Then what’s wrong?” He asked softly, knowing that something was indeed wrong with her. He could tell by her face, he just didn’t know what it was.

“Nothing Harry, I’m good,” Ginny replied as her free hand not holding his; unconsciously started to creep towards up her thigh.

Harry let his questions go for the moment hoping she was more like him. If the situation got too bad whatever it was, he usually tended to come clean. He relished in the warm feeling he got from their intertwined hands. He shook his head; he didn’t like her like that. If anything she was just his friend who was a girl, like Hermione.

Charlie turned around when he realized that he had only heard Ron speaking for a while. He had a mini heart attack until he saw that Harry and Ginny were a few paces behind them holding hands and swinging their arms. He frowned for a moment, not liking that situation in the least. She was his youngest sibling; and his baby sister. Before he could do anything, he saw Ginny take her finger stick it in her mouth before sticking it in Harry’s unprotected ear. He laughed out loud at that before elbowing Bill to turn around and look.

Harry was looking at some of the chocolates they were passing and his stomach was growling in anticipation. He was so into the sweets that he wasn’t paying any attention to Ginny who was asking him something, that it until he felt something wet in his ear.

“Eww, Eww, oh gross! What is this? What did you do?” Harry yelled snatching his hand from hers as he immediately tried to get the stuff out of his ear with his shirt.

Ginny grinned widely, before nodding her head, which would teach him not to ignore her. She refrained from laughing though she couldn’t say that her brothers did the same.

“Seriously what was that?” Harry asked as he wiped his ear out in disgust.

“A wet willy,” Ginny said smugly.

“You put your spit in my ear?” Harry asked in a horrified tone, before turning to Bill in shock.

“That was gross Gin-Gin, what did poor Harry do to you?” Bill asked still chuckling, only this time at Harry’s expression of horror and Ginny’s smirk.

“He was ignoring me,” she said simply as she shifted her weight from foot to foot. Why had everyone stopped, she couldn’t make her body be still. She walked towards Bill quickly, intending on telling him in private of her need.

“Here you go Harry, just wash it out with this,” Charlie said holding out his water.

Harry smiled gratefully before pouring some water in his ear. He knew what a wet willy was thanks to Dudley, though he couldn’t understand why Ginny would do that to him. He wrinkled his nose in disgust again; he didn’t think he wanted to hold her hand again anytime soon. He gave Ginny and evil look before he resumed walking with Ron, wanting to stay far away from her.

“Alright guys we gotta hurry, its 1:54pm, and you know how mum hates it if your late to eat,” Charlie said grabbing both of the boy’s hand and quickly speeding up the pace.

Ginny felt kind of bad, when she saw Harry move to walk with Ron; but her full bladder nudged her and she forgot all about how he might be feeling. As they got closer to the entrance, she saw the line for the toilets and her eyes bugged out slightly. They were really long, and she knew they didn’t have a lot of time at the moment. She sighed as Bill grabbed her hand to pull her along faster, she could always go later right?

They made it to the picnic table, a few minutes over but they weren’t the last ones there. Percy and the twins were just behind them. Everyone had a smile on their face, so it seemed like they all had enjoyed themselves so far.

“Have you guys checked out the indoor rides and stuff?” Fred as asked he took a bite of his sandwich.

“No we’ve only done all the outside rides so far,” Ron replied.

“Try to do the inside stuff next, it’s awesome.” Percy put in before George could.

Ginny watched comically as the group turned to look at her straitlaced brother, who didn’t look the least bit ashamed in the slightest.

“It was fun,” he said before finally blushing and looking down at his food.

“Don’t let them make you feel bad Perce, it was fun,” George agreed happily as he ate his lunch.

“Can we check that after Bill?” Ginny asked, as her hips unconsciously gyrating in her seat.

Her legs were already crossed but her excitement was starting to overrule her bladder and she was actively ignoring it. They didn’t think anything of her behavior since the other children were nearly jumping out their seats as well. As she finished the last of her pumpkin juice she stiffened closed her eyes as she lost a spurt in her underwear. Her hand automatically came from the tabletop to her lap, as she held herself.

Ginny was terrified at the moment, though she was thankful that no one had been paying her any attention or at least not any that she could see. As they started packing up the leftovers everyone started to get up; and she slowly pulled her leg back so she could get off the bench. As she widened her legs, another spurt trickled out, and she automatically looked down, trying to see if it showed. She could see a small wet spot the size of a quarter on the crotch area of her jean shorts and she quickly lifted her other leg; not wanting anyone to be able to see it.

Ginny fanned her legs quickly trying to gain control so she could stand up, as her brothers and Harry all started to get up. She finally gain enough and stood up slowly before making her way to Bill as quick as she could. She was gnawing on her lip quite anxiously, as she waited for him to stop talking to her dad. She sighed in relief when he turned around and looked at her in question.

“What’s the matter Gin-Gin?” Bill asked softly as they started walking away from the lunch area. He could see the worry all on her face, which was now starting to get quite red if he was being honest.

“I have to use the loo Bill,” Ginny breathed out as her bladder painfully contracted and she was resorted to holding herself, right then and there. She was happy that they had walked a ways away from their parents.

“Oh Gin, how bad do you really have to go?” Bill said dreading the answer as he saw her hold herself.

“I really, really gotta go Bill,” Ginny said honestly, as she squirmed in place.

“Why did you wait so long Gin-Gin?” Bill said grabbing her free hand as he tried to speed up their pace.

“We were eating and I forgotten about it until I stood up,” she explained softly, before looking down as some of it dribbled down her thigh and leg. She gripped herself tighter, trying to keep up with Bill but his pace was making her bladder contract a lot.

“Charlie, we’ll meet you guys inside,” Bill said as they swiftly walked passed them.

“Why, where are you guys going?” Charlie called out.

“Bill slow down your making it come out faster,” Ginny cried, as she stopped suddenly and bent over; her hands deep in her crotch.

Charlie’s eyes widen as he looked up at his sister position, already knowing what was going on.

“Hey guys, let check the map and see what to do next.” He said standing in front of them as he opened the map, trying to save Ginny a bit of dignity.

“Yea, I wanna see what the twins were talking about,” Ron said excitedly.

Harry nodded happily as Charlie took out the map, but he was still able to see Ginny from where he was standing. His eyes widened as big as saucers before blushing and turning his eyes to the ground. She looked like she really needed the loo.

"We need to hurry Gin-Gin," Bill said grimacing at her posture.

"I can’t walk that fast," Ginny replied sniffling softly as her eyes filled with tears. She could feel her underwear getting soaked and the warm wetness down her legs.

"I got you," Bill said as he bent down to pick his sister up, feeling her wet shorts and sighing softly.

Ginny buried her head in his shoulder as the tears seeped through he closed eye lids. She knew she was ruining the day.

"I'm sorry Bill," she whimpered as her bladder jolted and she lost a bit more.

"It’s ok Gin, just try really hard to hold it ok," Bill said feeling the liquid drip through his hands. He wasn’t worried about it getting on him; he just didn’t want her to be embarrassed.

"I’m trying, I really am Bill. I just gotta go really, really bad," she said wiping her face on his shirt.

Bill didn’t say anything to that as he quickly made his way to the toilets. The lines were atrocious and he swore loudly attracting quite a few stares. He continued walking hoping he could find another one soon. As he turned a corner he stopped as Ginny started squirming around in his arms.

"Let me down, let me down." Ginny said frantically as her bladder started to release itself.

"Gin-Gin, just wait a few more minutes," Bill said firmly.

"It’s coming out right now Bill, please put me down," Ginny said full blown crying at this point.

Bill nodded before gently setting her on her feet. The minute she touched the pavement it was like a damn broke, and pee was suddenly pouring down her legs.

Ginny kept her head to the ground as she saw the puddle start off small before it quickly grew in size as she continued to wet.

"Oh Ginny," Bill murmured as she wet herself. He sighed before looking around happy to note that there didn’t seem to be a lot of people around them at the moment. Good news there was a toilet a few feet from them; he recognized it as a family toilet and was happy to see that the line was fairly short.

Ginny didn’t say anything as she wet, it all rushed out of her in one big gush. Good thing she had the sense to spread her legs, or her socks and shoes would have been soaked. She wet for what seemed like forever before she finally stopped and looked tearfully at her brother in silence.

"Let’s go get you cleaned up," Bill said softly, as he grabbed her hand and headed for the loo.

They were the only ones in line and he tried to shield her wet state from everyone else. As soon as the door opened, he ushered her in and locked the door behind them.

"I didn’t mean to Bill," Ginny said automatically, when they were alone.

"I know you didn’t, but you held it for way to long. Take off your pack Gin," Bill said gently as he stood by the sink.

Ginny sniffled unhappily as she pulled her backpack off and handed it to him. She looked at the floor as she heard him unzipping it and pulling out her extra pair of clothes. Ginny couldn’t stop the tears that fell silently down her face. She was 12 years old, way to old to do this. She knew that Ron and Harry would know that she had an accident because of the different clothes.

“What’s the matter Gin?” Bill asked as he sat her down on the closed seat and took off her shoes. He knew that she was clearly upset about her accident, but he wanted to know what brought on this wave of new tears.

“Ron and Harry are gonna know,” she whimpered pitifully out.

“No they won’t, and if they do somehow know, they aren’t going to tease you.” Bill said firmly.

Ginny nodded and allowed her brother to change her into dry clothes, too caught up in her mortification of her accident to notice much else.

When Bill had wrapped her wet clothes and tied them in a plastic bag, put them in the pack and set it on his own back. Wiping her face clean from tears he grabbed her and lifted her on his hip before making his way out the loo.

Ginny sighed as they started walking back towards where they had last seen the boys, she didn’t wanna face any of them but knew that was inevitable. Laying her head on her brother’s shoulder she closed her eyes, not in the mood to say anything.

*294*2012-04-08 07:13

Alright I figured you guys were curious to know when it returns to Snape and Harry time, because I was. I miss Sev. Anyways Chapter 53 Harry returns home, they get their time together and what not. By the way I still have NO type of idea when I'm gonna end this, the ideas keep coming. Sigh, oh well on to the story and back to the male omo.

Chapter 49

“There they are,” Harry said pointing at a man carrying a small girl in his arms.

Though he knew it was rude to point Harry kept his finger up, so Ron and Charlie could see Bill and Ginny. He looked as Bill got closer, and he winced for a moment. Ginny hadn’t been wearing black jean shorts when she went to the loo, but she was now. He looked at the ground, feeling bad for her, but thanking Merlin that it wasn’t him.

“What’s wrong with Ginny?” Ron asked when the group was finally together again.

“She’s feeling a bit hot, which is why I told you all to drink enough water. We’re gonna go check out the indoor play area the twins were talking about since its cooler in there.” Bill said looking subtly at Charlie.

“Sounds like a plan,” Charlie agreed as they all headed in the general direction of the Adventure Zone.

The day passed by fairly quickly, almost to Harry like it was only a few minutes that they started having fun when it was time to leave. At the moment they were all walking back towards the exit, but Bill and Charlie had promised that they would each get to buy a few treats for the ride home. Harry was happy that Ginny wasn’t sulking or whatever it was she was doing earlier. Usually after his accidents, he was right as rain about 10 minutes later. He wrinkled his nose before shrugging; maybe it was a girl thing.

As they walked by the sweets row of stores to check out what they might Harry had noticed that his bladder was just a bit too full for his likening. He subtly looked around, trying to see if they were near a loo but couldn’t really tell due to the mass of crowds going in the same direction as them. As Charlie allowed him and Ron to go check out the rest of the shop on their own he saw his chance. He wasn’t that embarrassed to let Ron know he had to go, because he had lived with Ron in a dorm. He just preferred not to tell anyone, but unless he wanted another instance like this morning he knew he had to speak up.

“Ron; can I talk to you for a second?” Harry asked while Ron was sampling the different types of muggle sweets.

“What is it mate?” Ron replied not turning around to look at him.

“Could you ask Charlie if we could maybe stop at a loo on the way to the car? I didn’t get a chance to go yet,” Harry said bouncing on his feet. Just addressing that he needed to use it was making his urge a bit more urgent then he originally thought it was.

“Umm, why can’t you just ask him Harry?” Ron asked confused at the moment.

“Because he’s your brother, besides; what if he doesn’t believe me?” Harry whispered, resisting the urge to hold himself at the moment. Standing still was doing nothing to help his current situation; it was in fact making it a lot worse.

“He wouldn’t do that, and anyway you could ask Bill,” Ron said pointedly before going back to his treat bag.

“No it’s…its ok, I actually don’t have to go anymore,” Harry said quickly before walking away to pick out his own treats.

Ron watched his friend walk away in suspicion, knowing that you didn’t suddenly not have to go that quick. He kept an eye on Harry as he picked his sweets and he was rewarded with the tell-tale dance of someone in urgent need of the toilet. Ron sighed, before shaking his head, planning on saying something to one of his brothers as soon as they got out of the shop. As they passed a toilet, that didn’t seemed to have that long of a line, Ron immediately looked to Harry and saw his eyes glanced in that direction and back to Charlie, but he didn’t say anything. He could see quite clearly that the situation with Harry was getting very serious. He didn’t want his best mate to feel like he did earlier today, he hated that feeling himself.

Harry was walking behind the Weasleys, only Ron was next to him somewhat, which was why he hoped they couldn’t see him. He was frantic with desperation as he gripped himself with one hand and tried to hold his incoming flood back. His eyes were watering, wishing that Snape was here, he would know by now that Harry was nearly busting. He shook his head from side to side, as they passed yet another loo. He knew he wasn’t gonna make it all the way back to the house; he wasn’t even sure if he could make it to the car.

Ron frowned, as he glanced back over at Harry. His green eyes were kinda bright, and he quickly reached for one of his brothers, not caring which one.

“Stop,” Ron called as he tugged on his arm.

“What is it Ron, did you drop a sweet or something?” Bill asked turning around to look at his little brother’s face.

Charlie laughed as he plucked a sweet from Ginny’s bag, as she lay sleeping on his shoulder. She would never know that he had taken one or not.

“I’m not joking; Harry needs the toilet like now,” Ron announced to the group; turning around to check on his mate who was now holding himself. Ron’s blue eyes met Harry’s alarmed green ones.

“Ron,” Harry yelled, blushing brightly, as he caught Bill’s eye before looking at his ground.

Bill took in the boy’s obvious predicament, though Harry had yelled at Ron, Bill had noticed something else. Harry didn’t remove his hand from his crotch, nor did he deny it. He looked around, seeing the toilet they had just passed a little ways back, line still fairly manageable.

“I’ll take him Charlie, and we’ll catch up with you guys,” Bill said gesturing for Harry to come on.

Harry was humiliated that Ron would yell that out like that, only grateful that Ginny just happened to be asleep at the moment. He blushed red as he followed Bill slowly, why did Ron have to yell it out like that? He felt so ashamed that he couldn’t just tell them of his need himself. He sighed angrily; that was the last time he asked Ron for help on that front.

“Why didn’t you say something Harry?” Bill asked as they stood in line. Well he stood in line, Harry bounced and squirmed around.

“We were leaving and I thought that we would stop for a last toilet break,” Harry replied honestly, Snape tended to do that exact thing.

“I understand, but if you needed it sooner don’t be afraid to ask. After all you don’t want any more close accidents like earlier,” Bill said referring to the rest stop and not that early morning.

Harry was beyond mortified that the older boy would bring that up, and he hunched his shoulders into himself. He thought that Bill was making a joke of what he did in front of the toilet door. He just wanted to be at home, he had fun and all but right now he would rather be with Snape. Harry kept his gaze to the ground; Snape had never made fun of him for not being able to speak up. He always told him it wasn’t his fault, but the Durselys. For the first time Harry wondered, if there might just be something wrong with him.

Bill had noticed how quiet Harry had gotten but shrugged it off as the line moved quickly along. As they walking into the loo, Bill quickly steered him into an opened stall and locked the door behind them. He leaned against the wall, giving Harry space to take care of business.

Harry rushed over to the toilet, his inner turmoil taking a backseat as he caught sight of the actual toilet. He stood in front of it for a second before taking off his pack and handing it to Bill before working on his trouser button. He jumped up and down for a moment determined to get it done by his self and without asking for help. After all he had done it once at home, so he knew he could do it again. He groaned to himself as he struggled to undo his trousers, but his pride wouldn’t let him ask the man who he had thought just teased him.

Bill looked down curiously when a few minutes went by and he didn’t hear the sound of water on water. He looked at Harry who seemed in to be struggling with his belt or something.

“Harry do you need help?” Bill asked gently.

“No thank you, I got it.” Harry replied politely, even though he knew he didn’t. He wished that he had spoken up and told Charlie of his need. He didn’t wanna annoy Bill; he didn’t like getting scolded by him.

“You sure about that kid, you look like you need help to me.” Bill replied pointedly.

“I got it; though actually I don’t think I need to go anymore.” Harry said as he forced himself to walk away from the toilet and towards the stall door. He was promptly blocked by Bill who was looking at him in confusion and disbelief.

“No idea why you’re lying to me Harry, nor why you won’t let me help you. But we aren’t leaving from this stall until you at least try to go.” Bill said firmly, arms crossing in reflex.

“But I don’t have to anymore,” Harry denied loudly even as his knees bent awkwardly together. His bladder having not liked the shock of him nearly screaming in the least; he moaned and bent at the waist.

“Oh Merlin, you’re standing there about to pee yourself and you’re still trying to convince me that you don’t have to go anymore?” Bill said exasperatedly before gently lifting the boy and shuffling him back towards the toilet.

Harry didn’t say anything as he held himself tightly before turning his anguished face to Bill's.

"I'm sorry, please don’t tease me again," Harry said sniffling already as his eyes filled with tears.

"Hey, no tears kid, let me just undo your trousers alright? And when did I tease..., never mind we'll discuss that later," Bill said before quickly turning the stubborn child to face him. He was able to undo the belt and button with ease, even with Harry holding himself so securely. Pulling his shorts down he turned Harry towards the bowl and was rewarded about a second later with liquid hitting water; quite forcibly.

Harry moaned audibly in relief as he emptied his bladder forgetting for the moment that he wasn’t alone. His shoulders sagged as he peed, feeling quite giddy to the point where he felt himself sway a bit from the relief but didn’t fall thanks to a hand on his shoulder. When he was done he tucked himself back into his boxers and pulled his shorts up. Flushing he grabbed his pack signaling to Bill that he was ready to go. Washing his hands, they headed outside, starting to walk the direction of the exit. Harry didn’t say anything as they walked, occasionally scuffing his shoe on the pavement.

Bill, who had been relatively quiet since he freed Harry from his shorts, finally spoke.

"Earlier you said I teased you, what did you mean?" Bill asked softly.

"You said that since I held it too long, I'm probably gonna end up with another accident like earlier." Harry said shaking the tears away as they registered the hurt once again.

"But that’s true Harry, if you wait too long to tell someone you need to go." Bill said gently.

"It wasn’t my fault though; I had woken up like that. And you were in the toilet and I couldn’t wait." Harry explained tearfully.

"Not what I was talking about kid, not at all. I'm well aware that was an accident," Bill said, understanding now why Harry refused his help in the loo.

"Then what did you mean?" Harry asked wiping a hand across his face.

"At the rest stop today," Bill answered.

"But that wasn’t my fault either. I didn’t mean to fall asleep," Harry said trying to get him to understand, which he thankfully did.

"You fell asleep in the car, I remember and you woke up dry. I had forgotten for a moment why that was so important," Bill said apologetically.

"It’s ok," Harry said softly.

"It’s not kid, you couldn’t help it anymore then Ginny could. I’m sorry I made you feel that way Harry," Bill said.

"Its fine;" Harry replied yawning as he tiredly leaned his head on Bill as they walked.

"Come on lets go catch up to them," Bill said reaching down to pick him up before heading for his siblings

