A nice beach day

Author: Infinite

*000*2012-05-22 00:17

I think this forum needs more male omorashi fanfics, so I decided to write one myself. This is my first try at writing omorashi, bear with me. I'm not really good with English, so I'm sorry if I made some mistakes! Hope you'll enjoy it ^_^

The sun was shining and eighteen years old Jamie was fanning himself with a magazine. He was with his nineteen years old friend Matthew on the beach and after playing around in the water for a while they decided to catch their breaths on the sand. Jamie grabbed a full water bottle and started gulping it down. The sun, the salt in the water, running around like an idiot; everything was making him thirsty. When the bottle was empty, he got another one out of his bag.

“Damn, you drink a lot!” Jamie turned his head to look at Matthew. “That’s a normal thing to do on such a hot day. I think it’s weird that you don’t drink that much.”

“Nah, I’m good. I’m not that thirsty.” Jamie shrugged and laid down on his towel. He could feel the water in his stomach. “You know, this was actually a really good idea. If all your ideas were as good as this one, my life would be perfect.” Jamie smiled, it was true, usually his ideas sounded good at the start, but turned out bad. But when the idea of having a beach day came up in his mind, he knew his friend was up for it. The hot sun was making him drowsy, and soon enough he fell asleep. Matthew put his shirt on Jamie’s face to keep it from burning, and continued reading his book. Jamie didn’t like reading or doing nothing, but he would rather read his book than run around in the sea like a nut, something Jamie enjoyed.

After what felt like five minutes for Matthew, but in reality was an hour, Jamie woke up confused. “Hey Matt, how long have I been sleeping?”

“Not that long, maybe ten minutes I’d say?” Jamie smiled, but the smile faded away when he realized something. His kidneys had been doing their job and he had to pee. Now. Unfortunately, the beach didn’t have toilets, and the only place he could let go was in the sea. “Matt, can we go back in the sea again? I’m bored.” No matter how long they’ve been friends, Jamie wasn’t going to admit that he needed to pee. Not only did it sound awkward, it would also feel awkward to walk into the sea and then let go with his knowing friend next to him. No, this was something he should do without his friend knowing. “Again? No, I’m reading right now, I’m sure you can sit there for a little longer.” Matthew turned his attention back to his book and Jamie started rubbing his legs together. The sounds of the sea didn’t really help his desperation.

“Please? I brought my ball, we can play soccer in the water or something?”

“Jamie, I said no. Really, I need to finish this book for class tomorrow and you promised me I would have time to read it on the beach. So give me my time!”

“You’re no fun!” Jamie closed his eyes and pretended that he didn’t exist, hoping he would forget about his desperation. It didn’t work; his closed eyes made him pretend things. Like how great it would feel to now just let go in his bathing suit, or just walk away from the people on the beach to find a spot far away, and then just pee in the sand. Maybe even grab one of the empty water bottles and pee in them. Imagining all this made him forget to hold his bladder and a small spurt escaped. He immediately grabbed himself, hoping that Matthew would be too much absorbed in his book to notice. He was. When he got himself under control he tried to casually look for the damage. There was a small wet spot on his sun-dried bathing suit.

“Uh, Matt, can we please go into the water? I’m getting really hot, what if I pass out?” Matthew looked at him with an are-you-kidding-me-face. “If you feel so bad, drink another one of those water bottles. You seem to like them.” Even just the mention of drinking more water made him feel his bladder, and another spurt escaped. Again, Jamie grabbed himself, but this time Matthew noticed. He raised his eyebrows, and Jamie let go of his penis, only to grab it again immediately when he felt more coming out. “Jamie, what are you doing? Stop touching your dick, it’s really awkward okay?” Matthew was glaring at him. “I can’t, I need to pee really bad.” Jamie admitted, not able to hold it any longer. Matthew smiled. “That’s why you wanted to go into the sea? Why didn’t you say so? Come on, before you pee all over your towel.”

Jamie slowly stood up and walked with Matthew to the sea. He made it without losing a lot. Before he stepped into the sea he told Matthew to walk a bit away from him. He still wasn’t comfortable with the idea that his friend knew he was going to pee in the sea right next to him. But Matthew ignored him and pulled him into the sea with him. The fresh water made him lose it immediately and he ran further into the sea in hope no one saw it.

When the water was as high as his hips he stopped running and just enjoyed the relieve. The warm urine felt nice around his legs, peeing had never felt so good before. He crouched down to feel the warm liquid all around him. After what felt like an eternity he was finally done, and even though he would never admit it to his friend, he enjoyed sitting there in his own pee. “Next time you need to go please just tell me and don’t be such an annoying person. I can’t believe you’re that shy about having to pee, damn, I let go in the water ages ago! Told you you shouldn’t drink so much water! Are you coming back with me to our towels?” Jamie got up and nodded, but he was sure he would remember this for a long time.

*003*2012-06-03 22:51

Thank you for the comments! :D Yep, I'm not really good with making stories long and detailed, but I'm definitely planning on writing another story with these characters. For some reason they are easy for me to write.

