Met Her Match - A Hyper Bladder Contest

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2022-01-26 10:21

(Hey all, this is a story I've been brainstorming for quite some time. I hope to take this one to a good length and that you'll all enjoy this little personal project! That being said, some details should be given about this story to gauge your interest as a reader.

This story contains excessive, unrealistic, and near or plainly impossible bladder holding and body standards often referred to as "hyper". The story is merely an exaggeration of real life, and should be treated as nothing more than a fun story. This story also has rather intense scenes of male and female lust and sex, including full bladder sex. If the idea of sex and sexual themes, beit inside or outside the context of omorashi, make you uncomfortable, this story is probably not for you.

Feedback is always appreciated. Ideas for the story and constructive criticism is always appreciated!

Without further ado, please enjoy the story!

- OrionsBelt)

Chapter I: Local Bar, Saturday, 1:48AM

Avalynn emptied her third and final drink of the night as she sat at the bar. She could start to feel herself feel the effects of it's alcohol content. The cocktails are by no means weak, but she had a rather strong tolerance built from her college days. She sighed in disappointment. It's been another day without a man to take home to fulfill her primitive needs. She even got all dressed up for it. She was by all means an attractive woman: she was on the short side, but her chest, rump, thighs, and hips were plump enough to show off, which she did with a black mini-skirt and a low cut blouse to accentuate her busty cleavage. She even went the extra mile to wear a pretty skimpy thong to please anybody lucky enough to get a peek.

She twirled her brown wavy bangs, and looked around the room one last time. It was late on a Friday night, it seemed everyone in the bar was minding their own business, partying and celebrating the end of the week and the start of the weekend. No one seemed interested in hooking up, despite a few looks of speculation at her eye candy. Closing time was soon, the bar was pretty much empty by now, but something else was not.

A lurch from her bladder forced her attention. She wasn't necessarily thin: she had a bit of chub on her belly, but her bladder created a noticeable bump in her abdomen beyond that, that stretches the waistband of her mini skirt. It was about time, Ava thought to herself. She had been holding for a day and a half, and only now did her bladder start to give a strong response. One and a half days of holding back her urine would seem beyond realistic to exceeding impossible, but it was fairly normal for Avalynn.

Despite her rather small frame, she was blessed with a bladder that could stretch and contort better than any contortionist. She could easily hold for days, but just as anyone else, she had a limit, even if that limit was bewilderingly high for anyone of a "normal bladder", as Ava would often put it. Yes, she found a sense of pride in her unique ability, she scoffed at the idea of using a bathroom that wasn't her own, and she would often tease her friends in college about how badly they needed to pee all the time. Ah, she missed those days.

Nevertheless, her bladder desired her attention, although, knowing herself, she knows she could hold on for a fair bit longer, perhaps until the morning and then some, making it well into two days of holding. Her best was roughly three and a half days of torturous holding, after she made it a personal challenge to not relieve herself on a camping trip with her family 5 years ago when she was 18. That was certainly tough, especially with the heat causing her to drink plenty to stay hydrated.

She recollected on her hold of the past day and a half. She woke up on Thursday with a very strong urge to piss having held for another two days beforehand. She decided to relieve herself upon getting out of bed, doing so over the course of several minutes. This was just another natural occurrence for her: her bladders extreme elasticity and strength allowed liters upon liters of liquid to flow through her like a hot knife through butter. Her "metabolism" for liquid is seemingly very strong, as it seems everything that goes in is quickly transformed into a near equal amount of urine in her bladder. Not to worry, she still receives some good hydration and nutrients from anything she drinks, no matter how much of it is filtered through to her capacious tank in her abdomen.

The rest of her Thursday went as to be expected for a work day. Avalynn works at a design firm as a promising designer herself, but is still stuck with mostly busywork given her lack of experience, having just finished her degree the Spring semester last year. The AC in the old building was having some issues, so Ava spent her workday drinking plenty of water and iced tea on the warm Spring day. It wasn't too bad for her, but she felt for the guys wearing long pants today; she was only mildly warm in her professional but short skirt and blouse. Work otherwise went smoothly, she went home, ate dinner, browsed the internet, and went to sleep... Just a normal day for Ava.

Except...

There was another aspect of Avalynn that is more than meets the eye other than her gargantuan bladder capacity. Ava had a fantastic and relentless libido. Yes, it seemed ever since her teen years she was as easy to bring to heat as an egg in a spitting hot pan. She would often bring several pairs of panties to work or out on the town just in case she drenched the ones she was currently wearing. In fact, it was mostly the reason she wore what was basically a thong tonight; it was less likely to chaff her legs as it got wet with her juices. And that night, just as any night, morning, day, or afternoon, her panties were sopping wet with her lust. Oh, how badly she wanted to hook up tonight, and feel a deep hard cock feeling up her insides...

Errr, excuse me...

Any given day, right after she wakes up, right after she gets home from work, and right before she goes to bed, she needs a way to relieve herself of her lust. Sometimes if she has time, she'll even try to squeeze a session to relieve herself before she leaves for work, and during or after dinner. On some desperate occasions she even did it in the company restroom. - Not relieving herself of any burden of her bladder, of course. Unfortunately for poor Ava, she could never feel truly satisfied from her attempts at relief even with toys and the best "self-help" books and materials, she craved something big and warm inside her. - Besides her bladder.

Anyway, Friday. Wake up, go to town on herself, and go to work. This Friday was especially fortunate, as the office had landed a big long-term client, and the office was in celebration. Plenty of drinks, food, and good times were had. Ava in particular succumbed to the seduction of her favorite drinks of lemonade and Cola, drinking what seemed to be liters and liters of the sweet drinks, along with the coffee and water she would normally drink. By this point Ava's bladder, having held on for more than a day, was rather needy in its requests to excuse itself. Ava enjoyed the feeling of a slowly filling bladder, knowing at some point she would be able to spill all of its contents for minutes on end, providing her with the best satisfaction she could feel without the aid of some male organs. Mmm... It sure would feel good though...

After drinking her weight in sugar drinks and water, Ava's other needs called to her at the end of the work day. She decided "What the hell?" and go out looking for someone to hook up with, something she hasn't done since her early college days. She hasn't had the best of luck with them in the past, but her attempts at relieving her libido continued to grow more and more tiresome and less satisfying, so she had to mix it up a bit. And here she was, after spending the good part of 6 hours trying to look cute and sexy to the patrons of the bar, she turned up empty handed.

"Damnit..." She squeezed her legs together as her needy pussy dripped in lust. Her panties were soaked, and it was her last pair after changing out of two previous pairs. Having going into the bathroom to switch out her undergarments, her bladder quietly pleaded at the sight of the toilet, but Ava barely acknowledged it as her desire for her other need outweighed it, but it seems to be shifting by this point.

"Sighhhhhh..." Ava never felt quite so needy and alone in her life. Sure, all she wanted was a hook-up, but she wished she had her college friends back, or even just someone with something in common to chat with, perferably a guy with a good package... And chiseled abs... And could bench press a bear... And had a scruffy beard... and had a 12 inch-

"Excuse me? Miss...?"

Ava snapped back to reality, her sad, horny, lonely reality. "Oh? Huh?"

The bartender looked at her with a polite smile. "You seemed to be dosing off or lost in your thoughts. I hate to interrupt but we're asking patrons of the bar to begin to exit, if you please."

"Oh, uh, sure. Sorry... What do I owe?..." She looks up at the bartender.

Except, it wasn't the one that was serving her drinks before. The one that did was shorter, and didn't speak a word, only nodding at the request of more drinks and small talk, with not interest in her. Perhaps he was a mute, which should've been her first clue this one was different. She had a few drinks, cut her some slack.

She looked up at the new bartender. His face was grizzled with light brown facial hair with flowing brown hair the barely covered his right eye of blue hue. His smile and face oozed charisma and charm, and his frame, its like she had to crick her neck as she looked up at him. Six foot, two inches at the very least, which towered over her modest height of five foot four. His shirt was tight and showed he had some muscle, not a bodybuilder, but he definitely worked out, maybe enough to even lift her off her feet. Her attraction to him was swift and forceful, her lady parts being sent into overdrive as it burned with passion and need. She could be turned on by a variety of people, but... but...

She needed him.

"Hey, you're not the same bartender as before.~" She said with a slightly flirtatious tone.

"Yep. I'm the closing 'tender. I make sure everyone gets their last drinks in before getting out. And those too stubborn or drunk to leave, I make them leave." He said in a joking-but-serious way.

Ava laughed with him. "Well, I promise I won't give you any trouble. What's your name?" She asked as she played with her hair a bit.

"Matthew. And you're Avalynn, right?"

Ava was a bit taken aback he already knew her name. "What, are you a psychic or something? How did you know my name?" she questioned playfully.

"...Your name is on the bill, silly."

Urp. Uh, a little awkward, but Ava persisted.

"Yeah, I suppose I am, hehe. I guess I had a little too much to drink... And stayed out later than I thought."

"That's alright Ms. Avalynn. If you're not comfortable, we can order a cab for you to get home in."

"No! I want to talk to you! Please! Come home with me! Take me! Breed me!!!" her lustful brain thought to herself.

Ava could hardly repress her urges at this point. Even if the conversation was a bit awkward, she needed him more than she needed air to breath.

"I'm... not really comfortable taking a cab. Do you... think I can stay here at the bar for a while, Matthew...?" She looked at him with puppy-dog eyes that always seemed to work on her parents.

Matthew conceded. "I suppose you can stay until after I close, and call me Matt, Ms. Avalynn."

"Oh, thank you Matt! And, you can just call me Ava, ok?~" Ava said with a bit of seduction in her voice as she presented her bosom on the bar, which in turn contorted her expanding bladder.

"Ava, I like that name. I'm gonna get some of these stragglers out of here, then we can chat some more, ok?"

And so time quickly passed to 3:30 AM, one and a half hours after close. Ava and Matt certainly hit it off, as they found more and more in common: music tastes, video games, books and movies, and even shared the same soda preferences. All the while Ava was subtly flirting with him and revealing a little more of herself to him, which he started to reciprocate by being seductive back.

"Ok. Its time to reel him in." Ava thought to herself.

"Hey Matt,~ I know its late and we just met, but... do you think you can take me back to my apartment...? You can come inside if you'd like, I'll make some coffee, my treat~" Ava laid her cards on the table, all that was left was to see Matt's hand.

He took the hint. "Sure thing Ava, I'd love to bring you home safe and sound. Lets get going."

Ava began to sat up from her stool, a bit too fast in her excitement. Her bladder sloshed and ached as she stood, it took a conscious effort to hold her dam shut after being inactive for a while.

"A-ah~" She winced in pain as she struggled to compose herself.

"You okay Ava?" Matt asked sincerely.

"Y-yeah. Just had a bit too much to drink is all, I really gotta pee. I can wait till I'm home though."

"By all means, then lets hurry to your place."

Matt stepped from behind the counter, and it was the first time Ava saw his lower half... And could plainly see a bulge in his pants that snaked down his pant leg a bit. This couldn't have gotten Ava any more excited as she was practically dripping with enthusiasm from her pussy.

All she had to do was play along, and she was sure she could score a winner.

And so she did. It was a short drive to her place but it took an even shorter amount of time for the two to get busy once they were in her apartment. Ava liked her men "big", and Matt was no exception. His penis, amazingly, was ten inches long. That bulge she saw? Only half-mast. As Matt penetrated her over and over again on her bed she felt she would split in half, but her excess pussy juices made his dick of such length and girth slide almost effortlessly in and out of her. Along with that, his cock pushed on her already swollen bladder, stretching it and contorting it to the point that her abdomen bulged a few inches from the rest of her body. And that's not all. When Matt came, his load was excessive. It filled her womb with his hot seed and made her belly bulge almost another half inch. She finally reached what she desired after so long. Being full of a deep, long cock, with a uterus full of hot cum. She felt full, and satisfied.

The intense sex and orgasm after orgasm persisted long into the night, only when the light of dawn broke were the two lovers in heat able to be exhausted to the point of drifting off to sleep in Ava's bed.

Ava could finally say she was satisfied of her burden, and she dozed off.

But her bladder could not say the same, and it would not for quite some time.

To be continued.

*004*2022-01-27 10:15

(Thanks everyone for your support! And in case anyone is wondering, any characters used here are pretty much public domain, anyone can use them for their own fiction, art, whatever you'd like! I'd appreciate some credit if you do end up using it though. Anyway, enjoy the read!)

Chapter II: ???, ???, ???

Ava stirred from her sleep and begun to wake. Except, she wasn't in her bed. She was cuffed to chains in a pitch black room, with nothing but a spotlight shining upon her completely nude body. Her chains held her arms high above her head and her legs spread wide. She couldn't see anything or anybody around her, and she couldn't move.

"Hello?... Is anyone out there?..." Ava called out, to no reply.

Then, her bladder immediately and suddenly made it's intentions clear. It pulsed with need, now well into two days of holding. It bulged strongly from her belly with boiling hot liquid. Ava couldn't believe her predicament. How did she get here? What's going on? Is she in danger? Her bladder began its quest for relief, but she couldn't hold her crotch, cross her legs, or do anything to alleviate her desire to piss. It was only a matter of time before her contents of urine would expel themselves into a puddle on the floor.

Suddenly, as if on cue, her bladder began to feel a strange sensation in her bladder. It felt... fuller. And getting fuller. She looked down and could literally see her bulge grow... and grow... and grow more.

"Ohhhhh!...~" Ava shivered and squirmed as she tried to hold back the flood of piss. She looked pregnant with piss, her belly extending out by nearly a foot beyond her normal self! She looked to be carrying gallons and gallons of piss inside her bladder that had well passed her limit. She felt such immense pressure on her urethra, trying to force its way out and onto the floor. Ava decided enough was enough. She had to go, she couldn't wait any longer. She tried to relax her pelvic muscles but... It just wouldn't come out.

Ava was finally on her bladder's side, they were allies in this fight, but something was mysteriously stopping her, plugging her at her urethra. She pushed and pushed, but all she could feel was more and more pressure. It was intense, beyond intense. She felt light headed and sweat fiercely from all the exertion, but it was seemingly no use. All she could feel was the gradual growing of the pressure in her bladder.

But, it then soon seemed to taper off. Ava gave deep breaths as she tried to maintain her composure. Her nude body was drenched in sweat and her body was under the most pressure she had ever experienced in her life. Her belly swollen with so much hot piss that any poor toilet would overflow.

"W-wow..." She marveled at herself with amazement, setting aside her panic to look at herself. She couldn't even see her toes when she looked down, her bloated belly stuck so far out. Ava felt like she should be panicking, asking questions, or doing anything to get out of her position, but it didn't really feel... real. Like there was not any threat or ramifications to what was going on, despite appearing completely helpless in a situation that seemed impossible for her bladder's taste.

But, after the reprieve, she could feel her pelvic muscles relax. Ava could feel the faucet being turned on, she could feel the stream take the short trip through her urine-battered urethra, and through to the outside world.

She rolled her head back with her tongue out. "Oh my god... T-this is going to be the b-best piss ever..." She barely muttered in anticipation of the amazing, universe-starting sense of satisfaction she was about to feel...

But then she woke up.

She jumped up like one of those dreams where you fall, it shocked her so bad that the urine that was flowing through her urethra, which was the real part of her dream, it seemed, immediately retracted back into her bladder, leaking only a few drops that landed on the sheets she slept on. Her urethra burned in desperation, and if her bladder could talk, it would be screaming expletives that would cancel it on any TV network. Ava recoiled and dug her hands into her crotch trying to hold back the flood from ruining her sheets.

It took the better part of a minute for Ava to regain her composure. The added forces of two days of holding, intense sex, just waking up, and the more-than-normal intake of liquids by her standards, plus that odd dream. She certainly never dreamt anything like that before, it was so vivid. She could feel the immense pressure and liquid inside her, but supposedly it was never there. She looked at herself again. Her belly was definitely stout and present with it's bulge as it made itself known and felt. She had to concede. Even knowing that her bladder's restlessness was from factors that would pass and their effects would slowly drift, she was in a position where she no longer felt in control of herself.

She got up out of her bed, hand in crotch, and hurriedly waddled to the bathroom spawning off of her bedroom.

As she reached for the bathroom door, it came flying at her. It was yet another shock that caught her off guard as she stumbled backward and feel on her ass. Luckily her floor was carpet, and her ass was soft.

Matt stood in the doorway of the bathroom, clad in only some underwear, towering over her. "Oh shit, sorry Ava, I didn't see you there!"

In all the commotion regarding her bladder, Ava completely forgot Matt had nearly split her in half the night before and slept in her bed.

"O-oh, hey Matt! I didn't realize you were still here!" She fidgeted on the carpeted floor.

Matt lent out a hand to lift Ava up, which she took. "Yeah, it was pretty wild last night, but I really enjoyed our time last night.~" Matt said alluringly.

"Y-yeah, we should do this again sometime...~" Ava responded with the same essence of sensuality, as she squirmed with her hand in her crotch. "U-um, could you maybe..." She gestured him to move out of the way. "I-I really need to pee..." she hopped on her toes as she danced in place a bit, knowing her relief is so near.

Matt suddenly put on a rather stern face. "There's something I want to talk to you about that."

Ava looked at him puzzingily. "C-can it wait until after I pee? I-I've been holding it for a really long time."

"How long?"

Ava got a bit shy, she never really was asked how long she could hold. She felt on the spot, but it wasn't much use to underplay or exaggerate how long she had been holding. "U-umm, probably more than two days now... Yeah I know it seems like a really long time, but I'm telling the truth!" Ava whined as she jiggled up and down, her naked breasts bobbing along with her.

"I thought so."

"Huh? Y-you think what?"

"We might have more in common than you realize."

Ava looked at him in complete confusion. What the hell is he talking about? Can't she just piss her heart out already?!?

Matt acknowledged her confusion and motioned her over. "Feel my abdomen." He gestured.

"Um... o-okay." Ava hobbled over. She felt his belly where his bladder was, below his moderately toned abs.

It was warm, and very, very hard. Harder than the hardest concrete. This wasn't just flexing muscle, this was a bladder harder than titanium.

"W-what on Earth?..." Ava pondered. "How is your abdomen so hard?!?"

Matt took Ava by the shoulder, closed the door to the bathroom, and sat her down on the bed as he sat along side her.

"I was born with a very rare genetic mutation that allows my bladder capacity to be much larger than any normal human is capable of. I've been holding for nearly 3 days now and hardly feel anything. I feel full, but I am hardly ever desperate."

Ava looked at him in astonishment. It was nearly impossible to believe, but her analysis of his bladder hardness confirmed his story in her eyes. "Then... why doesn't it bulge out that much?..."

"It does after a while, but not by much. My bladder specializes in strength in its walls and my pelvic and urethral muscles, as well as my nervous systems tolerance to any signals my bladder sends out. All in all, this means that the urine in my bladder is densely packed and makes my bladder as hard as stone."

It was a lot for Ava to follow, but she was a bright girl, she followed it well enough. "O-okay..." She shifted and crossed her legs. "So... why tell me any of this and why did you stop me from using the bathroom."

"...Well. I think you might have the same mutation I have."

Ava was a bit taken aback. "Me? What makes you think that?!"

"...That." Matt pointed to her crotch. The bladder balloon in her lap was huge. It would take someone with absolutely no perception to not notice the giant bulge in her gut, symbolizing her bladder's capacity and strength.

"...Ah. I see." Ava looked a bit worried.

"There's nothing to be afraid about." Matt reassured. "There are no adverse health effects to this kind of anomaly, it seems all beneficial... Which is why I pursued researching it to see if it can be replicated and transmitted, so that we can pass on this trait to other people!" Matt looked at her with excitement.

"O-okay..." Ava replied. "But what does this have to do with me?"

"Good question. You see, I've done more than a fair share of analyses on my own bladder strength and my genes, and I got good results, but I need more data, which means I need to find more people with these gene, which is where you come in... Could you please help me with my research?... I'd more than pay for your time."

Ava did a few trials from medical students and the like in college to gather some extra money, but the promise of spending more time with Matt is what really drove her to him. "Yes! I'd be more than happy to! It seems very exciting!" Ava bounced up and down, disrupting her poor bladder, but by now the need had relaxed having been distracted and fully woken up to be in control over herself.

Matt smiled, "I'm so glad, but before absolutely anything, we have to confirm that you have the specific gene in question."

"Oh, that doesn't seem so bad, so like a DNA test, right?" Ava asked as she squirmed on her bed.

Matt looked down in disappointment. "I wish it were that easy... No, it's a bit more complicated."

"Oh, then what do I need to do?..."

Matt looked up and deep into Ava's blue eyes.

"You need to hold to your absolute limit."

To be continued.

*007*2022-02-01 07:40

(Hey all, I was brainstorming and decided that it might be a cool idea to add some tidbits of lore to perhaps make the story more compelling. Although, it can understandably be considered a bit too much "fluff", and some of you would rather get to the good stuff. Please let me know what you think!

As a side note, a small piece of backstory contains topics of divorce and manipulation that might be heavy for some, but it's purely anecdotal. If you may be one to upset or discomfort easily to these topics, it will be labeled to be skipped at your discretion. Sorry in advance!

Without further ado:)

Chapter III: Matt's Car, Saturday, 2:27 PM

Ava looked out the passenger side window, trees and homes flying by, as rain pattered the windshield of Matt's car. She gripped a bottle of water tightly in one hand, and her crotch even tighter in the other. She jiggled her legs as her bulge pressed against the restricting seatbelt on her lap, which had been already compounded with some yoga leggings -commando, of course- who's waistband wasn't forgiving her any breathing room.

She turned to Matt in the driver's seat. "When are we going to get there?... I'm getting kinda antsy..." Ava squirmed in her seat.

Matt donned a stern look. "Drink." He said with authority.

Ava submitted to him, and sheepishly nodded upon his request, and drank a large gulp from her 500mL water bottle, which was getting close to empty, being full when the car ride started nearly an hour and a half ago.

"I told you to stop asking me when we're there or I'll make you drink, hun." Matt's said with a lighter tone and facial expression.

"I-I'm sorry..." Ava said submissively. "It's just that sitting for so long makes me antsy, that's all."

"Well, would you rather walk here then?" Matt replied in a joking tone.

"Hmpf... N-no, I guess not." Ava pouted.

"We're almost there soon hun, just a bit longer." Matt finally admitted.

Ava peeked down at Matt's abdomen. Like before, it was not bulging or stretching, but she could imagine how hard it feels now than when she felt it a few hours ago. Thinking back on it, he didn't even flinch or react to her pressing and prodding, and now at the wheel, his legs were spread wide and comfortable on the pedals. She was fascinated, but also quite jealous. Matt had claimed he was holding for more than three days, which seemed impossible to a person who is an impossible holder to a regular bladdered-person.

Ava prided herself on her bladder's resilience as well as her capacity, she never met a potential match to her bladder, not anyone came close to her bladder's strength. But now it appeared she finally found a match, and it totally blew her out of the water. She could barely make it two days, and now Matt was strutting his indestructible bladder with an extra day on it. No, Ava was determined. If she had this genetic mutation, or whatever it happened to be, she would out-hold circles around Matt.

In her mind, the contest was on.

"Ah, here it is."

The car pulled up to a gate covered with ivy and weeds. The brick wall supporting it looks aged and worn, with similar ivies and growths creeping up it. Matt rolled down the window, and Ava saw he pulled up to a sort of ID scanner. Matt scanned a card, and the gate opened with a creak. With the window open, she could hear the gentle but prominent sounds of the light rain; it certainly was not a pleasant sound to her bladder. She gripped her crotch through her leggings with added strength. She could also smell saltwater. The place was near the ocean, and quite far from her apartment.

The car pulled through the gates and they closed behind them. Out the windshield, Ava could see the large mansion at the end of a long driveway. The place was much like it's perimeter: aged, worm, and beginning its reclamation by the elements. The house certainly wasn't dilapidated: the windows were not broken and no major damage looked to be apparent.

Matt pulled the car up to the entrance and got out, with Ava in suit. The sudden movement climbing out of the car and the exposure to the drizzle disrupted the tank of hot urine, it sloshed and bulged as Ava doubled down on her grip. She moaned, bent forward and squeezed her legs as she slowly proceeded to get out. With her composure regained, she marveled at the place again. It loomed over Ava with it's three story height and brick structure.

"You coming Ava?" Matt called.

"Y-yes!" Is this where Matt lived? Something about this seemed a bit mysterious, but Matt exuded trust and confidence, and Ava just really wanted to be with him. She followed him up some stairs, which took Ava a lot of labor with her massive payload, but Matt patiently waited at the top for her; the stairs were no trouble at all for him.

Once at the top, Matt opened the front doors to the Atrium. The place was elegant, regal, even. But everything from the furniture to the floor and fixtures, was covered by some degree of dust. It was quite clear no one had lived in here for quite some time, especially not Matt. He flicked a light switch, to which the lights in the building stuttered but quickly illuminated.

"Come on, what we need is upstairs." Matt said as he started climbing up the grand atrium staircase.

Not to be outdone like last time, Ava took a deep breath and invigorated herself with competitiveness. She kept pace with Matt's comfortable gait up the stairs. No holding, no legs pressed, and beyond her limits, her bladder screamed, her urethra begged as her sheer willpower kept it's opening closed and tight. She quietly winced behind Matt's back, as she could feel her face heat up and her back sweat. The pressure was immense, her bladder's contents sloshed as she took every step, but she remained resolute.

The two finally reached the top of the steps, and Ava subtly, barely, exhaled. She had been holding her breath for what seemed like hours, for she felt if she let go of that breath, it would lead to very wet leggings and stairs. How she would reach Matt, let alone 3 days, was beyond her. But Avalynn was never one to give up on something, even if it wasn't out of her reach. Her competitive side was relentless and unwavering. How unwavering, was yet to be seen.

//TW start

She regained her composure, and finally took the time to ask Matt something she had wondered since they left.

"S-so, uh, what are we doing here?..."

"This was my dad's old place."

"Oh, is he here?" Ava was a bit nervous to be so desperate around an older man.

Matt scoffed. "Nah, he's dead. And none too soon. He was not a good father and not a stand up person, either."

"Oh, why's that?"

Matt turned and entered a room, which looked like a large study. A desk sat with papers and files strewn about, covered in dust. Large bookshelves were adorned with equal parts reading material and dust.

"My father was a geneticist. A very good one. His research and studies were well received and revered, and he helped make many advancements, even though he was never recognized much for it." Matt looked through filing cabinets full of various documents. "But, one day, he was disgraced. Apparently he took a large payoff to manipulate the findings of the research, and was terminated and blacklisted from every research institution in the Western world."

"That's terrible..." Ava replied with a squirm and a hand on her protruding bulge. Oh, she needed to pee... bad... but she also wanted to listen.

"Yep. He always played fast and loose with ethics and regulations, but now it cost him his career. He started doing some underground, black market type shit."

"S-so, what does this have to do with what you're doing?..." Ava leaned on the desk to try to get some pressure off her swollen bladder.

"I was getting to that. He got a really profitable offer. A company offered an opportunity for research. They revealed a potential gene for superhuman strength and resistance to strain and stress. Supposedly, they wanted to find away to create humans that are more resilient and stronger, and turn them into soldiers for hire."

Ava looked at him stunned. "W-wow. Did it work?"

"Not really." Matt scoffed as he sifted through more documents. "He wooed a woman with his earnings from his illicit trade, then impregnated her without her knowledge with his sperm cells modified with the gene, and thinking he loved her and planned to marry her, my mother raised and gave birth to me. Upon seeing his experiment failed, in his anger, he tossed me and my mother out, and we lived on our own."

"W-wait, wait, wait." Ava stammered. "YOU were the experiment?!?"

Matt laughed. "I made that pretty clear, I thought." Ava pouted in response as she shifted her weight back and forth.

"Yes. My mother was heartbroken as she was heartbroken, and didn't even notice his true intentions. She never knew she was a test subject and I was a failed test result. My father was eventually arrested after he was raided by the FBI, and he died in prison.

//TW end

"I see... but I still don't get what that has to do with what we're doing here..." Ava said.

"Right. It turns out that gene does have an effect, oddly enough, on the strength and tolerance of a bladder. It wasn't until I was a teenager that I found out about any of this from my mother who was able to connect the dots. My bladder's strength always exceeded that of my peers by a mile, and recently I decided that repurposing this gene could advance medical and genetic science in other ways. That's why I need more subjects that potentially has the gene to confirm this, which is where you come in."

"I get it now. It sounds like a noble cause." Ava said, the story was enough of a distraction that her bladder down by a bit, but only a little. Her legs were still stiffly pressed together and her leggings waistband was stretched.

"Ah, here it is." Matt pulled out a large binder. It was written "Operation Juggernaut", with a big "CLASSIFIED" stamp on it. "I'm surprised they didn't seize this during the raid. We got what we need, let's get out of here, this place gives me the creeps."

"Y-yeah, I agree..." Ava stammered. She got up from leaning on the desk, and her bladder's weight shifted, and she was unable to suppress a moan from the pressure. "Ohhhh~"

"You ok?... Oh, let me guess, you have to pee." Matt questioned.

"...Badly." Ava replied with her hands on her abdomen. Matt turned to her.

"Let me feel."

Ava blushed. The moment felt intimate, but also embarrassing for her. She felt like she was being submissive to a dom with a much stronger bladder than her, despite her own strength. She exposed her belly to Matt.

Matt slowly and sensually rubbed Ava's bladder, as she winced from even the slightest pressure on her overexerted bulge, which expanded several inches from her abdomen at this point.

"S-stooooooop..." Ava said meekishly.

Matt put a sly look on his face. "What if I do... this?~" He pressed his palm with force on her bulge.

"AH!~" Ava squealed. She felt the pressure of liquid try to force it's way down her urethra, but her resolve, thankfully, made her stay dry.

Matt stood up after torturing her.

"I-I thought you wanted me to hold as long as possible!" Ava pouted.

"I do, but it's fun to tease you. You're so cute when you squirm and squeal.~"

Ava blushed harder this time, and pouted.

"Come on. You can stay at my place while we wait for you to finally reach your limit."

As much as she wanted to spend time with Matt, she felt she couldn't accept. "O-oh, that's ok, I'll be fine. Plus, I have work on Monday..." she said looking away, implying she could hold it an extra day until Monday.

"Oh, Ava, trust me. You're going to want to stay at my place."

To be continued.

*011*2022-02-07 08:10

Hey all, quick update. I've been brainstorming potential ways to take the story, I've narrowed it down to a solid two. One is just omorashi and smut in pretty much it's purest form, but I fear it will lack substance and continuity later down the line. The other option being more story and lore-dependent, but still just as much lewdness and piss content we all crave. The worry with that is I don't want to bog that content with blocks of text for those who are more... impatient. Not that I'm complaining, sometimes I just need something to get me going and a short story is all I need.

I may very well be overthinking this, but my perfectionist-ass wants me to make this story the best it can be :P.

I will be making a decision soon, but anyone's free to offer their preference as to what they would like to see!

And for those hoping for an addition to the story from this update, I'm sorry to disappoint! I'll get to work as soon as I make up my mind~.

- Orion

*017*2023-01-13 03:23

I have plans to continue this story, I've just had struggles with what to do to "progress" it, so to speak. I appreciate everyone's patience and interest however!

*019*2023-01-13 17:11

I didn't even realize how many upvotes and follows this had O_O

Well, as a people pleaser, I suppose I'll have to move this story up the priority chain on my (long) list of backlogs!

