Hermione’s accident: A Harry Potter Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-28 02:17

Harry got on the Hogwarts Express and tried to find a seat they did next a boy with ginger hair and just sat down lonely. The boy’s name was Ron went in and started talking talking. Then a lady come with a trolley full of lollies and Harry brought it as the two of them ate it. Just then a girl with long brown hair sat next to them, her name was Hermione Granger.

She then pulled out a book and started reading it and then the lady with the trolley come back and Hermione brought a large bottle of water.

She read her book and drank her water. Hermione finished her water and said to Harry and Ron that she is coming back, she walked to the female bathroom and it read that it is being cleaned up in 20 minuets. The trolley girl came by and said that an 11 year old girl went to the bathroom to do a big poo and her poo clogged the toilet so that’s why it’s like this and there is only one toilet in there.

Hermione walked back to her seat and started reading her book, it was very hard because her bladder kept hurting while holding in her pee. Hermione kept squeezing her legs tight and Harry and Ron kept asking her what is wrong. She always replied with nothing because she didn’t want them to know that she needed to pee. She squirmed on her seat when she got a half full bladder, her newly friends kept worrying about her.

Hermione kept reading as she felt her bladder hurting even more squeezed her legs more tighter, she had a full bladder and she felt the first squirt of pee coming out and dampening her white panties, as she squirmed in her seat. Making Her friends worried about her, she squeezed her legs tight again and again while reading her book when another squirt of pee coming from her pussy came out and making her panties wet. As she turned the page of her book and kept reading the whole page she heard a girl in front of them let out a smelly fart.

Hermione finished her page, just then after she turned the next page she peed herself and felt it warmth running down her leg into her shoe and wetting her panties and skirt and pussy felt very warm. She stopped and said “I’m sorry just didn’t want you two to know that I had to pee.” Tears running down her eyes and Harry and Ron said “don’t worry we won’t tell anybody.” As Hermione hugged them and said “thank you!”

20 minuets later the train arrived at Hogsmeade station and her skirt was not fell wet anymore but felt very wet from the inside. They all follow Hagrid to Hogwarts Castle.

