Harley Quinn's accident

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-07-23 03:34

This story takes place after the events at Arkham City and Harley Quinn's revenge. It will contain spoilers so be warned. Just know that this Harley has a vastly different personality and (inside my head) voice. Her costume is based off of the suicide squad of new 52. I hope you enjoy. Warning this story contains a messing scene.

Harleen Quinnzelle, or Harley Quinn as she went by now, loitered on her bed. After the death of Joker, and the defeat against batman, her mind spiraled further into madness. She was no longer the naive obssessed hench woman she once was. No, now she was a brilliant, yet insane, sadist. She was dressed ony in a black bra and crimson panty. Even without make-up she was absolutely beautiful, which wasn't a good trait to have in prison. Though she could handle herself as proven by the solitary confinement she had earned from her own brutality. She was growing impatient with the lack of excitment.

Still, she barley gave the official a glance as he entered her room unnanounced. "Leave." She ordered, her voice bored.

"Why aren't you in your uniform?"

"I refuse to conform to this prison's standard." She said coldly.

"Well you won't have to for long."

"What are you getting at?" She asked, standing up, still a whole head shorter than the doctor.

"I'm forming a team. We're recruiting captured super villains to pull off high risk missions for the government."

"Why super villains? Why not Batman or someother super hero?"

"Heroes have to many morales. We need plausible deniabilty anyway. We can just brush this off as random villain attacks."

"What if a hero intervenes?"

"They won't."

"You seem so sure of yourself."

"I have every reason too."

"Well what makes you so sure that I wil actually join your team."

"Whether you make the team depends on how well you do on your own on your first mission. But should you find yourself a member, once you finish your service for us, you will be released from Belle Rev scott free. Nothing on your record. You will once again become normal citizen Harleen Quinnzelle, so should you desire."

"It sounds... tempting." Harley was sold.

Harley was aboard a black ops helicopter heading towards a secure Luthorcorp facility. Contrary to what the official had told Harley, she wasn't entirely alone. She had a group of five privates with her, each carrying a light machine gun and dressed in black spandex like body armor and gas masks.

Harley was dressed less practically. She had on a corset that was split in the center with black on one side and red on the other, with the design of three of diamonds on each side in the opposites color, black hotpants that just covered her groin, with the same diamond pattern on the, too-small-for-use-pockets. The rest of her legs were covered by stockings. One red, the other back. Her feet donned one back converse all star and one red one. Her hair was done up in her usual fashion, and dyed with one side blood red and the other violet. Her face was covered by make-up turning it pale white, her lips crimson and her eyes surrounding by dark, odd styled make up.

Basically this (http://www.comicbook...arley-Quinn.jpg

)

Though what she lacked in armor, she made up in weaponry. On her back hung a shot gun, a handgun was holstered to her hip, a large knife was strapped to her thigh, a pouch containing two grenades and a series of shot gun shells hung from the back of her waist and in her hands was a large metallic mallet. It was designed to be light but still swing with the force of a regular mallet, more so in the reasoning it was much easier to swing.

She glanced around the helicopter. Her team mates looked nervous to be around her. They were made up of three men and two women. The women carried smaller guns than the men. A fact that angered Harley. They needed to stop being the epitome of stereotypes and wield the same weapons men were allowed. She let it slide though, a small step out of line could cause the charge inplanted in her skull to implode her brain.

It was a precaution to keep her in comformity. Should she break precedure they would find out from the bluetooth on her ear, that doubled as a spy cam. No nonsense. Much to Harley's dismay. The job at hand was to simply break into Luthorcorp, head to floor three, west wing, infinity ward and obtain the object in cell block K. What or whom was in that cell block Harley didn't know or currently care to know about.

Despite her casual appearance Harley's urethra burned and her bladder felt like it was filled with needles, almost like it was about to burst. However she brushed it off as nerves. She had wasted countless times in the bathroom before preforming a plot for the joker, because she had felt this way, only to find her bladder contained a few spurts of urine. She wasn't about to waste time now, so she simpy crossed her legs and leaned back as the Copter approached its destination.

As the copter landed the group rose from their positions and the official emerged to once again brief the team.

"Now is everyone ready?"

"Actually, I need to use the restroom." The prettier of the two girls spoke, cearly embarrassed about her predicament.

Harley was disgusted at her weakness. "No you don't. It's just nerves now let's go."

"No! It's more than that. I really need to take a pitstop."

"Then pee your pants. We're going in now." Harley said coldly as she led the team towards the building through the nine inch snow. The girl who needed the restroom hesistated before a loud hissing sound was heard. Steam rose from her glistening pants as the snow below her turned a deep yellow. "Wow, you really had to use the bathroom," Harley began. Then a rude noise emmitted from the girls butt. A foul odor filled the air as a bulge formed around her butt as she defecated loudly.

Harley remained speechless for the span of five minutes as the girl leaked and messed herself loudly and visibly. When the girl was finished with her buissiness Harley approached her. "Pull you pants down."

"What?"

"Do it." Harley said drawing her knife. The girl hesitantly obliged carefully sliding her pants down to her knees, careful to keep feces from her pants. Harley stopped her from continuing. Then she sliced the right side of the girls granny panties, careful to keep her mess in the bundle before tossing it aside. "Any one got a towel?"

The official tossed her a rag. Harley roughly wiped all the scat from the girls butt before dropping it to the ground. "Pull up your pants and let's go. We wasted enough time already." Harley then turned to the three boys who looked quite pleased. "As for you. Unless you want me to make you defile yourselves wipe those grins off your face and tell your little, and by little I mean tiny, buddies to settle down." Harley then led the team into the facility. They intended to be stealthy, but it wasn't long before one of the clumsly private gave away their position. Within moments the third floor was covered with a flurry of bullets. Unfortunately that was the time that Harley realized she did need the bathroom, and quite desperately judging by the swelling of her bladder.

Her team was down to her, two men and the female who had soiled herself. She needed a quick end to the mission. "Cover me." Harley glanced ten yards to her right to see the hall that led to the infinity ward. She through out a few grenades, drew her shot gun and made a break for the ward, firing rounds into any of guards who stood in her way. Finally she was in the infinity ward, locking the door behind her she slowed her pace.

She quickly found the correct cell block and found another soldier waiting for her.

"You're the evac team?"

"Got a problem with it?" Harley asked harshly, drawing her mallet.

"Guess not. Hey maybe after this is over I'll take you out to dinner."

Harley grit her teeth. "Good luck with that."

"Wait here." He said dejected. Then her entered the cell block shutting the door behind him. Harley leaned against the wall as she waited for the soldier return. However instead she was greeted by screams before he was thrown through the reinforced wall.

Harley was heading to the hole to inspect what could have caused that much damage when she heard a voice that sent a chill up her spine.

"Solomon Grundy, born on a monday. Christened on a Tuesday, married on a Wednesday. took ill on a thursday, grew worse on a friday. Died on a saturday. Buried on a Sunday... and that was the Beginning of Solomon Grundy." A humongous grey skinned man with muscles larger than Harley. His eyes glowed yellow and his chest crackling with electricity. Broken chains hung from his wrist and his yellow teeth scowled at Harley.

"Well mister grundy..." She spoke, her voice showed her sudden lack of confidence as she became worried. "You're coming with me."

"that's not going to happen."

"I wish you hadn't said that." She slammed her mallet into his skull. He grunted but showed no other sign of pain, onlly anger. he let out a fierce roar which resulted in spurts of urine soaking Harley's panties. She staggered backwards as the giant lumbered towards her. Harley spun around on the ball of her foot and took off in a run as Solomon gave chase. She ducked as the walls ruptured from a series of explosions.

Harley was quickly approaching the door when a pipe burst spraying her with a green smoke that contained scarecrow's toxin. Harley choked on the toxin as the approached the door when the drug took control. Harley glanced back to find a further deformed Solomon who was somehow several times more frightening. Harley was frozen in fear as her bladder gave out.

Urine soaked her hotpants and began to run down her thighs, going on to soak her stockings, turning them darker as they glistened with warm urine. Urine trickled down her thighs and calves as it began to fill her shoes.

Solomon only drew closer as Harley had her back to the door as she continued soaking herself with hot pee. "He-he-elp." She whispered as a puddle of golden urine surrounded her feet. As the flow subsided she collapsed in fright as Solomon picked her up in his large hands.

I hoped you enjoyed this. It was rather rushed and I didn't get to do everything I wanted with it, but there it goes. There will be no sequel to it, unless I change my mind later in life. Oh well, leave feedback below.

*002*2012-07-23 04:03

{{: 

Pretty good story! Makes me really want to play Arkham City now!

BTW, would you consider doing a one-shot fic for Catwoman as well?

}}

I don't see why not. I'll have to think up a scenario, but sure. Thanks for your comment as well:)

*005*2012-07-26 01:31

{{: 

Aww, no sequel? Bit of a shame. The whole setting up a team thing, and the cryptic heroes won't be able to stop us, not to mention ending the story on a cliffhanger...

Well, it's your call ofcourse. If it's going to remain a one shot, then at the very least it was a very enjoyable, fun to read one shot. Great story!

}}

{{: 

Sequel sequel!

}}

There will be a sequel of sorts. On that will tie in this story and my catwoman story. The team thing won't be explored fully, but maybe ill come back to that once I finish up a few other series.

*006*2012-08-06 00:18

The Sequel to this story and escape Belle Reve (Catwoman) is finally here--> http://omorashi.org/topic/7990-after-arkham-talia/

*008*2012-08-15 20:30

{{: 

Ahh I read the sequel first, I come to your page every day to read a couple more of your stories/chapters and you haven't disappointed!

}}

I'm glad I haven't let you down.:)

*010*2012-08-15 22:22

{{: 

I really like your stories too, always look forward to reading them. BTW do you have any more chapters planned for your Spiderman stories, I want to see Gwen and MJ wet themselves.

}}

I was kind of hoping people would forget about it lol... but yeah I do, the only problem is I'll have to wait till next summer to achieve the free time to take on a multi-chapter story.

