Celebrity Saga

Author: Pain

*000*2015-03-28 18:08

Kim felt her bladder filling up rapidly as she slurped down her eighth bottle of beer.

Her head felt as light as a feather as she walked up to the dance floor where her husband, Kanye awaited her.

Amidst the loud sound of music and the smell of sweat from all the people dancing around her, Kim could feel her need to pee intensifying rapidly, after all she had been putting it off for hours now.

But she wasn’t in a mood to interrupt her moments of bliss with an abrupt bathroom break.

The DJ was playing some really nice tracks and that was all she wanted to get her mood going.

As she danced, Kim could feel the copious amount of urine inside her ,colliding with the walls of her bladder . Each movement she made sent waves of agony across her swollen vessel.The waist band of her jeans was cutting into her protruding abdomen now.

A little later, when the pressure grew dramatically higher, Kim decided it was time to take a much needed pee.

“Where are you going?” Kanye asked in a loud voice as the deafening music around made anything hard to hear.

“I have to use the loo…will be back in a moment…” Kim replied before she walked off.

Each step she took towards the toilets hurt her bladder more. She was sure it was gonna be a long pee considering how full her bladder felt.

Annoyance griped her mind as she found an incredibly long line of women waiting to use the loos.

She was a star and she wasn’t going to wait in a line to use the toilets! It was going to take a while before she could get in to relieve herself but the pressure in her bladder was getting too much to be suppressed any longer.

Kim wiggled her thighs a bit and made her way to the balcony.

Once there, she lit herself a cigarette and took a smoke as she grabbed her crotch. This was the best way she could think to take her mind off her bursting bladder.

Clouds of smoke formed around her as she admired the shimmering skyline of the city.

“Hello mam…” came a voice from behind, “I am Robert…I am huge fan of yours. I’ve watched every episode of ‘Keeping up with the Kardashians’, it has always been my dream to meet you…” the guy smiled as he put his hand forward .

Kim shook his hand slightly and gave a sly smile as she leaned back on the railing with her elbows resting on it.

She rubbed her thighs together more visibly as she felt her throbbing bladder stretch to greater lengths.

“Is everything alright? You look distressed..” Robert asked as he saw Kim frown.

“Oh it’s nothing …I have to go the bathroom real bad…that’s it…” she said before taking another smoke.

Robert’s eyes widened and his ears felt hot when he heard this. His manhood started to get erect as waves of arousal surged through his body.

They continued to talk for a while before Kim again made an abrupt admission about her need, “Dying to wee…” she sighed , grabbing her crotch and throwing her face up in pressure and pain.

When Robert saw her holding herself between her legs, he almost came in his underwear . He had to say it, now or never.

“Well there is a small confession I’ve to make …” he said with a shy smile.

“Yes?” Kim asked.

“I have always dreamt of watching you desperate to pee…” he answered, bowing his head down a bit. “I’ve fantasized about you rushing home desperate to pee and wetting yourself before you get to the toilet..” he continued.

Kim was taken aback at first but then thought of accepting the guy for what he is, “Oh…you sure have weird dreams…” she laughed.

“Do you think you’ll be able to make it?” Robert asked , taking timely glances at her bulging bladder.

“Well of course I will…” she replied in an annoyed tone. What did he think of her ? A kindergartener ,to uncontrollably wet herself in front of everyone?

She needed to pee bad and every few seconds, her eyes wavered off towards the loos to see if the line was any shorter than before but to her dismay it only grew longer .

After she finished her smoke , she took her leave from Robert and went back to the dance floor. Her bladder was bursting but she wasn’t here to waste her time waiting for the loos , she was here to enjoy herself and she was gonna do just that no matter how bad she needed to wee.

As she danced , grabbing her crotch from time to time, Robert kept an eye on her from a distance. He was secretly enjoying Kim’s desperate crotch grabbing .

He had always loved the idea of a grown up woman putting off going to the toilet until the last minute and then making a last minute dash to pee. He could have never imagined that he would get to see Kim Kardashian fulfilling his fantasy although in this case she actually had no access to the toilets.

By this time Kim’s bladder had reached its maximum capacity .Her brain had set off an alarm to warn her that she was at her absolute limit and should leave everything and rush to use the toilets but she was still putting it off.

She wasn’t in her complete senses thanks to all the alcohol she had been consuming . At this point she was continuously holding her crotch to help ease the pressure only if a little.

Just then a spurt of pee escaped and Kim froze on the dance floor, squeezing her crotch tighter.

“Oh my god!” she gasped in horror as her flood gates burst open and she involuntarily started letting out a violent stream of hot urine into her jeans.

The wet patch grew rapidly from her crotch, through her inner thighs to her trembling knees. Kim tried so hard to stop the flow but it wasn’t in her control anymore.

People around her didn’t even notice that she was having an accident, as they all danced and yelled.

The loud music suppressed her sobs as the puddle under her feet grew rapidly.

It was after a few seconds that a guy noticed the pool of urine that had formed around Kim.All of a sudden people around her started noticing that she was having an accident.

“Holy fuck…she is peeing her pants…” said a girl to another.

They all were shocked to see a celebrity wetting herself in public .

Kim tried her best to stop her legs from shaking but failed. It looked like nothing was in her control anymore.

She couldn’t believe that she was urinating so much. After peeing for an entire two minutes, Kim had left her jeans soaked from crotch to ankles.

Her tears knew no end as she stared at the enormous puddle of urine she had left on the floor.

What had she done? How will she ever be able to face herself after this?

When Kanye found out what had happened, he took his crying wife out of the place leaving a lake of her pee for people to dance on.

Robert , who had witnessed the whole incident couldn’t believe his luck. This was his dream come true.

Later that night ,he wanked himself to have the most intense orgasm of his life ,thinking of Kim’s massive accident.

*001*2015-03-29 03:47

Well guys I preferred to keep this story short because writing a slew of celebrity stories has left my mind exhausted and the lack of ideas has always been the other reason.

The inner tiredness has taken a complete toll on me & off late I have not been writing much.

Every time I write a celebrity story , I get worried and anxious thinking whether people will like it or not. I have somewhere stopped enjoying the process all together.

Plus I feel meeting people's expectations is something I am unable to do , which I think is somewhat high in case of a celebrity story.

I will continue to write when I find myself in a better frame of mind, but I don't know when that will happen or if it will happen at all. But please do tell what you like or didn't like about the story so that I can write better stories in the future for you all to read.

Nevertheless, thank you everyone for reading my stories and showing me so much love and support all this while! I am grateful to you all!

Pain

*003*2015-03-30 03:15

Well thank you for your kind and motivating words JZshark! I really do appreciate them! It is always good to know that people are reading your stories! Thank you so much!

Writing celebrity stories is something I love doing but the problem is the that I am not a hard and fast follower of Hollywood movies. Bollywood movies are a norm in India and so I am exposed to those kind of films which mostly have Hindi/Bollywood actors.

I only know a certain Hollywood names around whom I try to spin a story. Off late I had been thinking of taking requests from people about which celebrity they would like to read a story about and what the setting of the story would be? Because thinking of a particular celebrity then thinking of a new plot for them is a difficult task for me since they are always in the public eye.

It would have really eased up my work if people would suggest the name of the celebrity and the settings and situations they want to see the celebrity in.

I'll try my level best to put together a readable story . And please PM me if anyone has any requests, I prefer keeping the story under wraps until it is posted.

As for you JZshark, please post your stories so that we all may get a chance to read them!


