The Magic of Desperation CH. 2

Author: Foxlover

*000*2012-02-27 00:45

Kari was awoken early the next morning by a clattering ruckus that sounded like it was coming from the bathroom. She thought this not to be strange, since this was always when her father took his pre-work shower. Rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, she ambled into the hallway toward the restroom, trying to see what the commotion was about, and the most bizarre sight met her eyes. Her sister, Kristen, was dancing in desperation at the door. “Kris?” Kari said groggily. Kari’s sister looked up in surprise. “Oh! You scared me. Morning, Kare Bare…” she said in a rather strained voice, and Kari was surprised and a bit embarrassed to see her sister’s hands buried deeply between her legs.

“You know I hate it when you call me that… are you alright?” Kari asked? Her sister winced as the shower water turned on in the bathroom, and Kari saw her grip herself tighter. “I dunno, ever since yesterday, I’ve had to pee ALL the time…I even wet the bed around midnight” She said, blushing. Kari resisted the urge to make fun by remembering that her sisters were kind to her about her “problem”. She didn’t have the heart to tell her sister that she had rather had to pee herself and hoped her father would be out soon, but her heart sank a bit when she heard him beginning to sing Elvis’s “Hound Dog”.

He was gonna be in there awhile. Her mother groaned. “Oh no, Dad’s started singing, the bastard….” Kari was shocked to hear her sister talk ill of their father like this. Kristen grimaced apologetically. “I’m sorry, it’s just….oooh, I’ve gotta pee so BAD!!!!” She began bouncing up and down. Kari was feeling extremely desperate herself now, so she took her place by her sister and mimicked her pee dancing movements. “At least we’re bursting together, huh...” Kristen smiled and punched Kari’s arm lightly, and for a while, both females stood in front of the bathroom, their bladders pulsating and throbbing. Kristen bit her lip as she danced on the spot, and Kari wasn’t doing much better; her small bladder was aching, begging to relax.

After a few minutes, the door opened and Kyle, Kari’s father, emerged, wearing a towel and whistling. The toilet stood twinkling before Kari and Kristen, its porcelain bowl gleaming, enticing them, luring them, and waiting to swallow the hot pee that was tormenting both of them. Kari looked at Kristen. Kristen looked at Kari. Kristen took one last look at the toilet, longing evident upon her face. Then she took a deep breath, stepped back and motioned Kari forward. “Go on”. Kari looked into Kristen’s straining face. Her sister must be absolutely DYING to go, and now she was giving up her chance for relief so Kari could go first.

“Kris…” Kristen winced, as if this was costing her every bit of resolution she had. “Go on, Kari, before I change my mind!” Kari bit her lip. “I’ve got a lot of water in me, I might be a while…can you wait that long?” Kari whispered. Kristen looked down at her pajama pants, where a bit of urine was already beginning to slip past her sphincter past her panties and into the pants, making a small wet spot. She looked back at Kari. “I-I probably won’t make it, but I want you to go in anyway; you need it more than I do.” One exchanged look told them both that Kristen was forfeiting her chance at relief in order for Kari to attend to her “special need”. Kari knew that Kristen’s bladder was now much smaller, but Kari was touched by her sister’s nobility. Kari swept into the bathroom, hiked up her bathrobe, and sat on the toilet.

She glanced at her sister, who smiled wistfully. Suddenly (she couldn’t have held out another second anyway) she began to pee. Kristen closed her eyes and moaned as the sound of water hitting water tormented her overfull bladder. Suddenly she let out a sigh of frustration. “I can’t do this anymore. Move over.” Kristen strode into the rest room, positioned herself over the sink. She began to pee, not caring that she had not yet pulled down her panties. Both girls peed to their hearts content, each wearing a look of immense, almost orgasmic relief. Kari got up and flushed, and Kristen clambered down from the sink, looking rather red. Kari giggled and skipped out of the bathroom. Pulling on some faded jeans and an old white blouse, she shouldered her back pack and walked outside, waiting for the bus to take her to school, and thus, her revenge on every girl that would now feel her pain.

Its a short'un, but this is a transition chapter. Alissa will come later...

