The Perk of Being a Princess

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2013-03-28 00:28

Hi all,

As some of you know, I recently decided to stop posting updates to my main story.

But I have now started a new story - which I hope you'll enjoy.

As you'll see, the main character is a Princess who is heir to the throne. I guess it's reminiscent of a slightly historical time, because she lives at court with the nobility, and everyone else there is obliged to be very respectful towards her because of her position. That said, it's still set in the presnt time.

I hope you enjoy it, and I would welcome any feedback.

Kelli

Chapter 1

It all began when Princess Jade was waiting for her ride to school one morning. She was watching her mom, the Queen, giving an interview on TV about the importance of healthy eating for kids. The Princess didn't normally watch her mom's TV appearances, but this one just happened to be on as Jade was killing a few minutes of time before she went to school.

Her mom was explaining to the host of some breakfast show about why she was backing a campaign for kids to have less unhealthy food and drink:

"We know that too many sweets and too much soda is bad for kids teeth and for their long-term health. And it's not just that - when Princess Jade was younger, I had to stop her drinking soda in the evenings at all. If she had a cola with her dinner, I didn't need to set an alarm clock that night - I could be sure that she would wake me up at 4am, having soaked her bed."

The TV host smiled at this cute anecdote from the Queen, but Jade froze. She'd always managed to keep any accidents she'd had a total secret from other kids, but her friends could have been watching this interview, the other kids at Court could have been, anyone at her school could have been. Despairingly, she checked her watch in case it was earlier than she thought - but it wasn't. It was exactly the worst time: all around the country people watched this show before heading out to work or to school, which meant that before long every kid she knew would have heard this story.

It was bad enough that the other kids at Court would know she used to wet the bed, even if they'd be too respectful to ever mention it, but because her mom insisted on her going to a school for commoners, she was not going to hear the end of this for months. She always hated going to school, but as her driver pulled up at that very moment, she was dreading it more than ever.

###

It was even worse than she had feared. All day, she was pursued by jokes and taunts about wetting the bed, about drinking soda, about whether the "precious little Princess goes pee-pee in her royal bed". At lunch, she lost count of how many kids thought it was hilarious to offer her a cola, and then correct themselves and say that maybe it wasn't such a good idea.

By the time she came home, she was furious. So many times she'd asked her mom to send her to the school where all the other nobles went, but she had always refused. So at the very least, Jade had made sure that nobody at her school found out anything that would make her the butt of attention anymore than she already was by being heir to the throne. And now that was ruined.

She knew she mustn't respond to the taunting, so she had put up with it all through school, but now that she was back at Court, she was desperate to have revenge somehow. But how could she humiliate anyone like she had been humiliated all day? She walked angrily back towards her chambers in the palace, when a young boy (the son of some minor nobleman) ran past her chasing a ball. "Watch where you're going!" she snapped. The boy immediately stopped running. "Sorry Princes Jade", he replied nervously, standing still and waiting for her to walk on before retrieving his ball.

He had done no more than every other kid at Court was always obliged to do, since she was the Queen's daughter, but it immediately gave her an idea of how she could satisfy her desire for revenge after such a horrible day. She continued walking back towards her chambers, and she saw Cassie - the Count of Wessex's daughter - who was sitting in the courtyard, playing on a handheld games console.

"Hi Cassie", she called out in a friendly voice.

"Hi!", the younger girl looked up, and immediately put down her game when she saw who it was. "Um...hi...Princess Jade."

"What are you playing?"

"Oh, it's...um...it's just an old game I like."

The Princess waved her over. "I got some new games recently for my X-Box - do you want to come try them out with me?"

Cassie looked shocked. "Um, me? Play with you? Now?"

Jade smiled. "Sure? Why not?"

"Um...okay, of course." She followed Jade towards the Princess's chambers and they went in to her large living room, where there was a sofa facing a big TV.

"Go sit down - I'm just going to get a drink of juice, and then I'll come join you. You can be picking out a game for the X-Box if you like."

Normally the servants in the Royal Household would fetch any food or drink that was needed by Jade or the Queen, but she had a small kitchen of her own, and she got two large glasses of juice. Then she went back to where Cassie was sitting nervously on the sofa.

The Princess handed one glass to Cassie, who was clearly nervous. "There you go - I thought you might like one too."

"Thank you, Princess."

Jade smiled. "You don't have to always call me Princess you know - you can just call me Jade. Did you choose a game?"

"Um...no...it's okay, you can choose Princess. I mean, Jade."

"Alright, I'll choose." The Princess chose a game and put it into the X-Box, knowing full well that it would take Cassie a while to get over her nerves. She was only a a few years younger than Jade, but wasn't used to spending time alone in the company of a Princess. Jade settled down into the sofa, and they started to play the game.

###

After a couple of hours, Cassie's nerves about even talking to Jade had mostly disappeared. She clearly knew how impressed her friends would be when they heard she had been playing X-Box with the Princess. They had played a couple of different X-Box games, with Jade making sure she brought herself down to playing at the 8 year old's level, and they'd also each had a couple more large glasses of juice. On each occasion, the Princess hadn't asked Cassie if she'd like another glass, she had just brought it over - knowing full well that she would be polite enough to drink it.

Cassie had chatted happily with the Princess once she'd relaxed, but she had also started to squirm a little on the sofa - her bladder reminding her how much juice she'd drunk, and also that it had been a while since she'd used the toilet. Jade had noticed too, although she hadn't said anything, and she guessed that Cassie might drop hints about excusing herself soon.

Sure enough, she spoke up the next time they finished a game. "Um, Princess Jade, should I be leaving soon? I don't want to stop you being able to play whatever games you like." As Jade expected, Cassie was much too polite a girl to explicitly ask a Princess if she could leave.

"No, don't worry! I've got lots of games that we haven't tried yet. In fact - why don't you swap this game we've just been playing for that disc there, while I get us another glass of juice." She gestured at the glass that Cassie had obediently emptied over the past half hour.

"Oh...um...you don't have to - I don't want to make you run out of juice."

"No, it's fine." Jade smiled back warmly. "I don't mind at all."

She disappeared out into the kitchen, leaving Cassie on the sofa, anxiously keeping her thighs pressed closely together. When she came back into the living room, she had just finished changing the discs in the console and was nervously crossing her legs. As soon as she saw the Princess, she stopped and sat back down on the sofa, trying to sit normally.

As they played the new game, Jade continued to chat as if unaware that anything was wrong, and Cassie did her best to disguise her growing desperation, knowing that it wasn't polite to give away that she urgently needed the toilet. Slowly as time went by, she started to fidget more and more. She resisted the temptation to cross her legs, let alone squeeze between them, but it was clear that the 8 year old's bladder was getting close to its limit.

Really anxious now, she tried to keep her mind off her growing desperation. She had always been brought up to be totally unassuming and obedient around the Royal Family - so she had absolutely no idea how to tell the Princess that she was bursting for a pee. As soon as there was even half a break in their game, she spoke up again:

"Um, Princess, do you think I should go let my mom know that I'm playing at yours, so that she's not wondering where I am?"

"Oh, that's a good thought." Jade could see the anxiety on Cassie's face, praying that she'd be excused. "I'll send one of the Footmen to let her know that you're here."

"Oh." She couldn't resist squirming on the sofa as her latest hope of relief seemed to fade. "I really don't mind going to tell her."

"Don't worry, it's no problem." Jade smiled at Cassie, enjoying the pretence that she dind't understand her predicament.

The Princess called for one of the Footmen, who quickly came in. "Marcel - please can you let Countess Wessex know that Cassie is playing here, and that she'll be home later."

"Of course, Princess, I'll let her know immediately." He was about to turn away, when he noticed Cassie pressing her thighs tightly together, doing anything she could to ease her urge to pee and resist the temptation to grab herself in front of the Princess.

"Um...Princess." He paused, unsure exactly what to say but guessing that the Princess hadn't realised the situation and (correctly) that Cassie was too polite or shy to say. "I wonder if young Miss Wessex might appreciate a short break from playing games."

Jade turned to Cassie immediately tried to stop squirming. "Aren't you enjoying playing?"

"Oh, no, I really am...it's just...I...um..."

"Well shall we play for a bit longer then?"

"Um...yes...of course, thank you Princess." The agony was all over the young girl's face as she realised she was going to have to hold on for a while yet.

Jade turned back to the Footman. "Thank you Marcel - you can go deliver the message now."

"Yes, of course, Princess. Right away."

The two girls carried on playing, with Cassie now even more desperate than before. After a few minutes, a note came back from her mom, who was naturally delighted that her daughter was playing with the Princess, saying that she would come over and see them in a little while. Increasingly, she couldn't resist squirming on the sofa, so she was in almost constant motion now, constantly trying to resist the urge to grab herself for relief.

"Are you okay?" Jade asked, when Cassie's squirming had got really agitated.

"I...um..." she had no idea what to say to get out of this situation, because she knew it wouldn't be polite to say what was wrong, but it didn't seem like she would be able to get away any time soon. She longed for her mom to arrive and show her the polite way to excuse herself for the bathroom. "I'm fine. Thank you for letting me play." She tried her hardest to sound genuine.

After a few more minutes, Princess Jade suggested changing the game again. As soon as Jade got up off the sofa to swap discs, Cassie found herself feeling even more desperate now that she didn't have the game to distract her. As the urge to pee started to overwhelm her, she panicked and put her hand up her skirt, grabbing herself tightly through her panties to try and hold back the flood. She writhed desperately on the spot, but as soon as Cassie started to turn around, she had to let go. For a few moments she managed to hold it in despite taking her hand away, but then she couldn't hold on any longer.

"Oh...no..." Cassie blushed bright red as her resolve gave in, and she started to wet herself. She looked in shock as the pee poured out from between her legs, soaking her panties in seconds and then running down her legs. Some of it soaked into the Princess's sofa, while a puddle also started to form at her feet.

"Um...Princess...I'm so sorry...I..." she didn't know what to say. She tried not to cry as the sense of shame washed over her. At that moment, one of the Footmen entered to announce a guest.

"Princess Jade, the Countess Wessex is here."

Cassies's mom entered, smiling broadly. "Princess Jade - so lovely to see you. We're so delighted that you and Cassie have been playing together..."

Sensing the awkward look on Jade's face, she looked down at her daughter, who was stood uncomfortably, her skirt soaked and her legs streaked with pee. The wet stain on the sofa and the puddle on the floor were also obvious.

"Cassie...what do you think youre..."

Jade interrupted. "I'm very sorry Countess - I did suggest to her that she might like to take a little break, but she..."

Cassie couldn't resist speaking. "You didn't, you just asked if..."

"Cassie! Don't you dare interrupt the Princess! I'm so sorry Princess Jade - I don't know what's come over my daughter. I will get somebody from my staff to clear this up immediately."

Princess Jade smiled back sweetly. "Please don't worry Countess, she's only a young girl after all. I'm sure this was just a little slip up. I'll have one of my own staff take care of it."

"You are too kind Princess Jade. Cassie - apologise to the Princess for what you've done, and then you and I are going home to have a long talk."

Cassie looked like she wanted the ground to just swallow her up. "I'm very sorry Princess Jade" she said quietly. Jade smiled and put a hand on her shoulder. "Don't worry Cassie - I'm sure I'll see you again soon."

The Countess led Cassie out, and Jade sat back down on the sofa. It had felt amazing getting some revenge of her own after all the taunting at school, but she had never expected it to feel so exhilirating - watching the little girl trying desperately to hold on, and then the look of shame as she flooded her panties. She started to wonder if she could make this happen again.

*007*2013-04-23 19:37

Hi everyone,

Wondering if people would like me to post more of this? I have some more chapters in my head that I could definitely write if people are keen...

Does anyone have any particular comments or requests for the next chapters?

Kelli

*013*2013-05-03 18:10

That's exactly my plan omo-secret - so hopefully you'll like the next chapters!

*014*2013-05-05 13:53

Hi everyone,

Chapter 2 is below - I hope people are enjoying the story!

Let me know your feedback...

Kelli

###

The next morning, Princes Jade lay in bed, breathing heavily as her fingers moved beneath the sheets, bringing herself to climax. She had her eyes closed, picturing the look of anxiety and anguish on Cassie's face as she had clutched desperately between her legs, and then the look of horror as that flood of pee poured out of her. Jade's body shook slightly from her orgasm, and she smiled to herself - still delighted with what she'd been able to achieve.

As always when she came, her climax was swiftly followed by a strong urge to pee. She swung her legs out of bed, and made a quick line to her bathroom to use the toilet. As she did so, she thought about how much she'd enjoyed the experience with Cassie, but also how amazing it would be if she could repeat it with a slightly older girl.

###

That day at school, the other girls' eagerness to mock her had shown no sign of easing up. She spent the whole day counting down the minutes until she could escape from their taunts about cola, and bedwetting, and soaking the royal sheets - and get back to the Court where she was in control. It also did nothing but reinforce her desire to enjoy some revenge wherever she could get it - just like she'd done with Cassie the day before.

###

That evening, Princess Jade was attending a short talk in the Palace with a drinks reception afterwards. She found these events hugely boring, as any girl her age would, but she was expected to attend lots of them through the year, especially when her mom, the Queen, couldn't attend - which was the case tonight.

Jade's maid had laid out an outfit for her when she got back from school, and she got changed into it in plenty of time - before heading over to the hall in the Palace where the talk was taking place. As she was walking in, she found herself just a few steps behind Lady North and her daughter Amy. Amy was 11, and was slim with long black hair. She was always getting compliments around Court for what a pretty young lady she was turning into. On this occasion though, she was clearly bored.

"Mom...why do I have to come to this - they're always such boring events?"

"Stop whining - Amy. It's important for you to be seen at things like this. So make sure you behave."

"Fine. But we're early anyway - it's not going to start for at least a quarter of an hour. I'm going to go to the bathroom...do you know where it is?"

"There isn't one in this part of the Palace - so you'll just have to wait. The whole point is to be here beforehand to chat with people anyway - especially as we have to get home afterwards, so we can't stay for the reception."

Amy rolled her eyes, but complied obediently, and began making the circuit of the room with her mom, making small talk with the other nobles. But Jade's heart was racing. She couldn't believe her luck. Was there any way she could make use of what she'd just heard? If she could see Amy squirming around in clear desperation - that would be almost unimaginably exciting.

Telling herself to calm down, Jade began her own tour of the room, until eventually it was time for the talk to begin. She went up on stage, introduced the speaker and said a few obligatory words about how happy the Royal Family was to sponsor this event, and then took a seat in the front row. The talk went on rather long than it was scheduled to, but eventually it came to an age and everybody began to file out and head through into the adjoining room where long tables had been set up with glasses of champagne and soft drinks.

Princess Jade's mind was on only one thing. She soon caught sight of Lady North and Amy, and to her excitement she saw that Amy was standing with her legs crossed and an impatient look on her face. As they managed to slip through into the drinks room, they began to head directly for the exit - just as Lady North had said. Quickly, taking advantage of the fact that everyone else was trained to move out of her way, Jade slipped across to the tables, picked up two glasses of champagne, and cut Lady North off before they reached the door.

"Lady North - how lovely to see you!" She beamed her best Royal smile.

"Princess Jade! What a delight. May I say what lovely opening remarks you made tonight - I thought your mother would have been proud."

Jade thanked her for the compliment - and they settled into the standard pattern of Court small talk. As they did so, Jade wordlessly handed her one of the glasses of champagne, which of course Lady North accepted. Although she hadn't spoken at any point, Jade watched Amy's face intently as her mom accepted the drink, and was delighted to see a momentary look of frustration flash across it.

As the conversation continued, the sign's of Amy's need to pee became more obvious. She started switching her weight from her left foot to her right foot, and back again, every minute or so. After a little longer she began uncrossing then recrossing her legs with increasingly regularity. She was starting to chew her bottom lip nervously, and the movement of her legs became continuous, with one thigh being rubbed constantly against the other.

It was at this point that Lady North saw her daughter's agitation out of the corner of her eye.

"Stand still will you please, Amy!" She was obviously embarrassed that her daughter was not acting with the grace that was expected in front of a Princess.

"But mom..." Amy spoke as quietly as she could, blushing slightly. "I need to...I thought we were going straight home."

Her mom glared at her, and she was quiet and controlled her fidgeting somewhat.

"I apologise for my daughter, Princess Jade. She's normally much better behaved.

"Don't worry at all Lady North." Jade looked at Amy directly. "I remember having to come to these events when I was Amy's age - and I always found them unbelievably boring. so I can understand her impatience!" She grinned at Amy, who smiled back - glad that their Princess was taking her side to an extent. "In fact", Jade continued, "I remember one talk from an aid worker about how he thought he had proved a connection between the waterfall at Westington and the flooding in the Yellow Plains."

"Oh...um, really?" Amy was smiling a little less now, but she did her best to show interest.

"Yes - you wouldn't believe how many pictures we had to sit through of this waterfall. He had photos of the pouring water from above, and below, in the dry season - when it was just a trickle, and in the wet season when it was like a huge shower from the sky." Amy was looking a lot more anxious now, and the constant movement of her legs had started again. In fact, forgetting that she was wearing a dress which was partly made of sheer material, she was giving anyone who was watching a very clear show of her slender thighs being frantically rubbed together. "And as if that wasn't boring enough, he then had all these pictures from his aid organisation of the flooding that had happened on the Plains that year. So we had to sit through this endless analysis of how the streams began as little cracks in a dam, and soon there were huge torrents pouring out from the valleys, and flooding village after village with massive waves."

Seeing the look of nervousness on Amy's face beginning to overwhelm her, and her hands now scrunched together in anxiety, Jade forced herself to turn back to Lady North. She smiled again. "So yes, I can understand that these talks can be very dull for girls of Amy's age - so don't worry, I don't blame her in the slightest if she seems a little impatient.

Lady North looked relieved. "You're too kind, Princess Jade. I only remember being you a perfectly behaved young lady at that age. Anyway, we have already taken up too much of your time - thank you so much for hosting tonight, and I do hope we see you again soon." Amy, who had just about controlled her movements so they were short of a full pee dance, looked very relieved that they were going.

"Ah", Jade feigned surprise. "You can't stay for any more of the reception?"

"I really wish we could", Lady North replied. "Sadly duties call at home - especially with Lord North still out of the country."

Jade decided it was time for her to make her move. "Such a shame. I know the Queen has had you in mind to be the head of a new charitable project that she is setting up - a cause that is very important to my mother - and so I had promised I would discuss it with you for a short while tonight. But it sounds as if this is a very busy time for you - so perhaps it would be better if we considered somebody else for the role..."

Lady North immediately looked torn. Jade knew full well that leading charity initiatives, especially at the direct request of the Queen, was the currency of social status for noble ladies like Lady North. "Well that sounds like a very important project - and the Queen wanted you to discuss it with me tonight?"

"She is keen that it gets going as soon as possible, so she didn't want to waste time."

"Of course, I understand. Then I'm sure we could stay a little longer - just to hear what it's all about."

Jade smiled a very real smile, glad that her trick had worked and she would now have a little longer to test Amy's bladder. Amy though, looked aghast. As Princess Jade handed her mom another glass of champagne, she tugged nervously on her sleeve to get her attention.

"But mom...I need to go home." She was trying to speak quietly, but she couldn't disguise the urgency in her voice. Nor could she stop herself squirming constantly on the spot, bending her legs occasionally as well as constantly rubbing them together. Jade knew how much she must be longing to grab herself.

"Amy", her mom's voice was stern, very unimpressed that her daughter might cost her this chance to secure an important role working for the Queen. "Please behave yourself this instant. You'll stand there and act your age while I walk with Princess Jade - and we'll go home when I'm done."

"Can I at least go sit down to wait for you?" Her eyes looked at her mom pleadingly, as her hands inched closer and closer towards her crotch. But her mom was in no mood to be contradicted by her own daughter in front of the Princess.

"What did I just say? Stand there - and wait for me to be done." She turned back to Jade and again apologised to the Princess for her daughter's behaviour. Jade smiled off the apology, and started explaining. "So, Lady North, as I'm sure you know - our citizens in the South of the land are often subject to sudden crop failures, leading to poverty and the risk of famine. The reason for this is that the rivers there are prone to dry up. Some years they're raging torrents, but others there is barely a trickle of flowing water in that whole region." Lady North listened intently, but Amy couldn't believe her luck that this had become the topic of conversation again. Only her years of upbringing at the Court prevented her from clutching her peehole in a desperate bid for relief.

Jade continued. "My mother is very concerned that we find a solution for this - whether by damming a lake so that the water flow can be controlled all year round, or through digging irrigation streams, or any other solution so that farmers there have the control they need over when the waters flow."

At that moment, Amy gasped almost inaudibly. The pressure had finally become too much for her to bear and, blushing bright red, she had jammed a hand in between her legs - desperately pressing against herself through the front of her dress. But it had been too late to prevent a few small leaks, some of which had overwhelmed her panties and were now running down her thighs. As she stood there, frantically trying to retain control over her body, a couple of small droplets of pee became visible as they ran down past the cover of her dress, leaving a tell-tale trail on her pale skin.

Adopting her best fake voice of concern, Princess Jade broke off from her description of the problem to Lady North, and spoke to her daughter: "Amy - are you sure you're okay?"

Lady North looked around, and was aghast to see that her daughter was grabbing her crotch in front of not only the Princess but a whole room of Nobles. "Amy North! Stop that this moment!"

"But mom...she writhed frantically on the spot. I can't!" She looked pleadingly at her mom. "If I let go, I'll...". Her words tailed off as her mom furiously extended her arm, instructing Amy to take her hand so that she knew she wasn't putting it back between her legs. After a moment's pause, Amy did as she was told. Despite her mom's glares, she tried to compensate by squirming even more, dancing on the spot and crossing her legs as tightly as she could. But it wasn't enough.

Amy's bladder finally gave in, and the pee poured out of her. Within moments, her panties were soaked and the sheer material of her dress became totally transparent. The pee streamed down her legs, and puddled at her feet on the floor.

Amy looked down, tears welling up in her eyes. Her mom was momentarily too stunned to speak, as were several other attendees at the reception who had just witnessed Amy's humiliation. Princess Jade didn't say anything either, although inside she was loving every moment of what she'd just witnessed.

