Date Panic! 2 - Page 3

Author: OmoCommando

*057*2014-05-30 03:45

The idea of the dark, demon castle was the most enticing out of all the other options you conceived of. You pull out your card… and Emma’s eyes light up.

“You have a portal card!?” she gasps. “Oh wow…”

“Given to me by a friend.” you reply. “I had the idea of exploring a…“

You pause. Knowing the Emma is a bit more on the timid side, perhaps “demon” wasn’t a very good word to use to describe the castle.

“…an abandoned gothic castle.”

The girl shivers ever so slightly. “Sounds scary… but kind of exciting too.”

“The castle it is then.”

You hold the portal card in the air, and then you realize that you have no idea how to work this thing. Do you just say aloud where you want to go? Was there some ritual to perform? You sit there in your seat and just stare blankly at the mystical item.

Emma giggles quietly. She reaches her hand out towards you. ”Can I show you?” You nod and give her the card. She holds it high and closes her eyes. “You have to picture the place that you want to go in your mind.”

Your vision begins to distort… or was it? When you look at your own hand, everything seems fine. Your world is then enveloped by a tunnel of light, as if you were dashing across a sea of stars. Something appears at the end of the tunnel of light, Emma clasps your hand, and you get the feeling something is about to happen. Something big. You shut your eyes tightly, waiting for some force to sweep you away.

…Nothing seems to be happening. A few seconds pass, and you open your eyes. You are now sitting down high atop a rocky mountain, and naught more than a few dozen meters away, was a rather magnificent castle.

“Wow…” you muse.

“The card has a recharge period of a few hours after use.” Emma explains.

“That should give us enough time to do some exploring.” You say.

You and Emma begin walking across the rocky hills, making your way to the main gate of the castle. You look over your shoulder, seeing the neutral, but slightly anxious expression on her face.

It’s the opportune time to break the ice and stir up conversation.

What should you ask Emma?

>”Tell me a little about yourself.”

>”How do you know about portal cards?”

>”What do you hope to do after college?”

>”Have any weird fetishes?”

> Other [Create your own dialogue option]

Current Trust Level: Neutral

For those unfamiliar with it, the trust level reflects how comfortable your date is around you. A high trust level results in a girl who is more receptive to personal questions and discussing private matters. A low trust level results in a girl who is distant and unwilling to share their need to use the restroom. If the trust level is very high, your date may even willingly hold or wet for you…

