Prison Discipline

Author: froggychan

*000*2016-01-21 06:42

CHAPTER ONE

"Head up and look at the camera!" scolded the officer at the computer.

Hazel meekly looked up, still holding the little board they gave her with her information. She was a mess. Light bags formed under her eyes, her curly brown hair was all tangled up and frizzy, her orange uniform was soaked at the armpits and back with sweat, and her eyes were bloodshot from crying herself to sleep the last few nights. She was told to stand back to lean against the wall to get her height better. She stood just below the 5'1" mark. Because of her height, small frame and (kind of embarrassing) "underdeveloped" breasts, she would always be looked down on, so she usually kept to herself.

She would have normally rubbed her stinging eyes after any sort of camera flash, but she was both too tired and intimidated to react to the flash. When being walked around, she would get yelled at for everything; sneezing, yawning, getting too sleepy, and even making eye contact with the guards. She knew it was just some sort of psychological thing they did to humiliate and put detainees into a state of obeidence, but it still shaking her more than what it probably should.

The officer took the board from Hazel and then put her hands behind her to handcuff her again, and lead her off to another waiting area. It was another area where she didn't know what was going to happen. She knew that today was the day they were going to transfer her to another place, but she had been in so many waiting rooms, she just wanted to get it over with and leave the place. She had spent the weekend contemplating the events of Friday.

She tearfully begged for her innocence in court. Hazel had just graduated, and was applying to a few universities. She needed some money to help save up for getting her own place and car, and unfortunately fell into the wrong crowd out of desperation. Hazel really didn't hang out with them, she only really served as an intermediate for their drug dealing. She didn't mind, since she knew she couldn't control others lifestyles, even if they were bad. She thought of herself as responsible anyways, never taking the drugs she sold, always studied, turned down offers of alcohol to opt out until she was 21, graduated with honors, etc. It was then when Hazel was caught in a sting operation, that she realized why they needed her as an intermediate; so that any legal issues would fall on whoever they were using.

The problem was that she made herself seem innocent but not innocent enough for the judge to believe she was part of a bigger drug ring. To the court, she ran her own drug deals by herself to make money. They didn't even question where she got her supplies from. The trial was unfair, but she couldn't do much but tearfully accept defeat when she was found guilty and sentenced to a "light" term of three years. Since she had turned 18 about 4 months ago, she was considered an adult, so she was going to have to serve her term in a women's correctional facility instead of juvenile hall. She had disappointed herself, and now this would always haunt her formerly perfect background. She preferred not to think about it much.

Without warning, an officer came to take her away, into a garage.

"Since you are one of our only two transfers today, you'll both go in a regular police car" the officer explained.

Hazel was walked to a police cruiser, where another girl was sitting. She looked about Hazel's age, maybe a year older. She was in the same ugly orange uniform that Hazel was in, had her reddish-orange hair tied in a ponytail, and even though she was hanging her head down, Hazel managed to see her green eyes and a few freckles across her face. Hazel was helped into the car, and pushed in so that she was awkwardly close to the other girl, who didn't seem to respond to Hazel's presence. The officer shut the door, and went somewhere, leaving the two girls in an awkward silence. Hazel noticed that the other girl kept moving around a lot, breaking the silence of the car.

The officer came back, and started up the radio. He was talking into the radio using weird terms, but Hazel understood that they were being transported, and they were going to be there in about 45 minutes. The girl also seemed to notice the time of travel too, since she looked up suddenly.

"Excuse me?" she softly spoke.

The officer ignored her and started up the car.

"Excuse me?" she said slightly louder, "Is it going to take 45 minutes?"

Again, she was ignored.

"Can I please use the bathroom before?" she asked with a decreasing volume

Third time, and no response.

"I wasn't allowed to go, I really need to..." she said in an almost inaudible tone

The officer finally "responded" by beginning to drive. Without a word, he denied her request.

Hazel understood why she was so fidgety, and felt sorry for her as she quietly whimpered and shifted in her seat. Hazel couldn't do anything but sit back and close her eyes, since they were heavy with fatigue. Her mind was totally blank, so there was no point in staying awake anyways. At least here, she (hoped that she) wouldn't be yelled at for falling asleep. The officer didn't seem to care about them anyways. Leaving the redhead next to her to her own predicament, Hazel quickly faded out, not caring about anything in the world other than sleep

