Writing Competition

Author: Slater

*000*2010-10-09 10:45

This is still kinda in suggestion mode, but I would like to try and host a writing competition of fictional stories.

A short story writing competition with characters you design and a setting you create. The authors would remain anonymous and everyone votes on the best story. I'll make a list of judgement for a points system so everyone is on the same page. At the end of a time period for voting, the top 3 winning authors are revealed (or just 1 if there aren't enough). Obviously no voting on your own story.

What do you guys think?

*008*2010-10-11 06:13

Lol, oops I guess my term "design" wasn't that clear (my fault?). "Design your own characters" meant "original characters only" (IOW, no using existing characters from anime/manga/movies, etc). I've found in my exploration of writing competitions that drawing actually hurts the competition at it's core. Miles255 got it. Art is evidently not our strongest area since how that category of the forums is ... empty. However, a good way to do that is to use a picture and have someone write a story based upon it.

With that in mind, to get everyone on the same page, we have some choices:

1. Set up an omorashi picture (not necessarily from the gallery). Everyone interprets the picture in their own way and writes a story off of what is shown.

2. A situation is given for a particular character and everyone must write their own story about how it plays out.

3. Simply give free reign to the writers to create what they please.

[Just post which you'd like to see and I'll tally up the votes.]

You can write from any POV (Point-of-View, e.g. First Person, Third Person, Shotgun, etc.) and using any style of literary description. The stories must be between 1,000-3,000 words long.

####

Criteria to be judged are listed below, with a point system that marks a number of points that can be alloted, with half points allowed (.5). A perfect story would be worth 30 points total.

Grammar/Spelling - Basically an overview of how well the sentences are structured and spelling.

Keep in mind that sometimes sentences are cut short, dragged on, or even one word long on purpose. This isn't an English paper, it's a story. But for us to fully understand and appreciate writing talent requires good grammar and spelling. Since not everyone has English as their first language, and you can only be so perfect, I gave a scoring scale max of 5.

0-5 points

Style - The artistic way the story is written; how interesting/unique was it?

This includes how sentences, sounds, punctuation, and descriptions were used. Controlling time flow for effects is also a good way to judge style.

0-5 points

Characterization - How believable were the characters? Were you attached to them?

Characters are one of the most important aspects to a story. Grammar and spelling can be utter crap, and the style boring, but the characters are what drives us to continue. We get attached to them, what authors call "identifying with the characters". We feel them as real, and they compel us to laugh, cry, or shout for joy. In essence, characters control the feelings of the readers (viewers in the case of motion picture) and can make up every dimension of a good story.

The core of the story are the characters. The core of the characters are their cares.

0-10 points

Plot - The hardest thing about a short story; how well characters acted and events fell into place. Was it exciting? Any twists? Was it unique?

On a most basic level, the plot is what separates poetry from prose. It is simply, the actions and reactions of characters to events taking place and what challenges the characters and makes us attached to them. This makes the entire story captivating to read.

0-10 points

I haven't thought of a due date for the stories yet, but I wanted to be fair and let this circulate first. Any questions about writing, opinions, or help can be accessed through me since I'm not participating as a contestant. I can help you write the story and improve it but I can't write anything for you. All authors of the stories may remain anonymous by request (unless you make 1st place, then your name must be mentioned for the honor!).

*014*2010-10-13 06:38

Alright then, it's settled. We'll give everyone free reign to write their own story however they like.

I'll take entries through PM, so if you have any bolds/italics, they must be coded into the story, otherwise I won't know! Send them anytime from now to the due date.

Entries are due by Sunday, November 14th. That gives you guys a little over a month's time. One week to brainstorm, one week to write it up, one week to revise, and one week to finish, a few days to edit. If I don't get enough entries in till then, I'll extend it another week. Remember, the limits are 1,000 to 3,000 words. (Just to be nice, I won't brand those limits in hard stone, so at least try to get in there somewhere, I'll accept something with 993 words or 3,055.)

When it comes time to judge, try not to be too biased towards what you personally like, for example, being partial to a wetting story in a swimsuit because that's your personal passion. And there is to be no voting for your own story! Though just to hint, I don't think many of us are interested in male omorashi.

*018*2010-10-15 01:12

I'll break it down again.

Everyone interested writes a story 1,000 to 3,000 words long.

I will repost the stories anonymously (nobody will know who wrote which story). Nobody will know who wrote which story until after the voting is complete.

Everyone then votes for a story other than their own based upon the points system given. Try and read all or as many stories and judge them all. The story with the highest score will get your vote towards first place. We're basically using the judging system to find out 2nd and 3rd place and to see how well 1st place did. It also lets you step back and see which story you find the best if it's a hard decision.

*020*2010-10-19 10:24

{{: 

Aahh

My anime manga drawing. . .

SUCKS EGGS

Wanna see? here :

}}

Well, drawn art isn't part of the competition.

*021*2010-11-02 08:15

Just a reminder, 12 more days guys.

*024*2010-11-10 10:10

Hmm, I guess I'll have to extend the due date. It was till the 14th.

