A Fantasy Pt. 1

Author: Aloe

*000*2018-10-25 04:31

I blinked. Twice. Three times. My vision slowly came into focus and I found myself staring at a computer screen. Jumbles of names and numbers clustered my vision until my peripheral started to clear. I was sitting at a desk, a half drunk cup of coffee with coffee stains on the rim. Shit, I’ve been here for a while. If I didn’t know any better I would say I was at work.

I checked the day. Tuesday. I check the time. 11 AM. Yup, I was definitely at work. I was probably productive until I went into that daze. Probably.... maybe.

Wherever I went, I came back now, about an hour before lunch. It sounds good on paper, but it might drag if I don’t get up and stretch my legs.

I’m in an office building sorts. Different businesses and companies all shared the same building, a different one on each floor. I happened to be in view of our receptionist. A very pretty receptionist. A very pretty, busty, receptionist. Naturally, I took every opportunity to talk with her, and perhaps get an eyeful of her assets. Shameful, I know. I knew her well enough though, well enough to playfully flirt with her. She knew I liked what I saw, and I’m pretty sure she liked the attention (as if it were in short supply).

Lucky for me, it appeared the mail had just come in, and she would likely bring it to my desk before long, if I had anything addressed to me.

She too seemed rather restless to stretch her legs it seemed. She had been looking at the clock for the past 20 minutes, squirming in her seat, bouncing her legs up and.....

Wait.

She has to pee you dummy.

Duh.

Suddenly I was even more distracted than I had been before. I remember choosing to sit here, exactly here, because of the excellent view I got from behind when she stood. Now I had a little more incentive.

As she rocked from side to side however, I heard a faint sound, the slightest sound. Like someone shaking water in a bottle. The busty brunette looked to the clock again, bit her lip, and rocked back and forth. The sloshing continues, like someone stirring water in a bathtub. Slosh, slosh, slosh. An indistinguishable moan passed her lips as the sloshing continued. How the hell could I hear that from here? This was the silliest thing, a girl sloshing her water bottle while she has to-

*RING RING*

“This is Alex speaking, how can I help you?”

I could hardly pay attention though. I was too busy watching the brunette stand up instantly and anxiously, cross her legs and bend forward, conveniently sticking her ass out in my direction. The pleasures of a properly planned seating chart.

But a massive *SLOSH* echoed in my ears as she stood and bounced, as if someone were shaking a water bottle like a pair of maracas, her butt jiggling in her pencil skirt as the sloshing continued. The voice of the phone call faded into the distance, as the sloshing noise drowned out the concerned customer. It was so odd, so erotic, I blushed red as this beautiful girl, with dazzling assets, openly pee danced across from my desk, so candidly and publicly, you’d think it was intentional. And the strange sloshing noise seemed to be some sort of soundtrack to her sensual pee dance routine. Perhaps it was her water bottle, the one I haven’t yet seen? She was in incredible shape, maybe stays hydrated. And maybe she has a nervous habit of shaking it around like a rag doll. Yeah, that’s it..... but If that were true, why was I so flustered?

She inched forward, edging her way out of the room with a handful of mail. She doubled back however, dropping a few files in her haste.

In doing so she turned to face me. She had no water bottle, no camel pack, no gallon jug of liquid she was carrying awkwardly in her hand. Nothing. Yet the sloshing continued.

She leaned over, attempting to pick up the fallen files and conveniently exposed an eyeful of cleavage. Plump, generous cleavage that filled her shirt and stretched the seams, the kind of cleavage that made it hard to keep eye contact.

Then we made eye contact. I blushed and smiled shyly. She’d caught me looking at her. Shit, so much for being discrete.

She simply smiled though, fixed her bra, and shook her head at me, mouthing the words, ‘you’re bad.’ I couldn’t help but give her a playful laugh, and mouthed, ‘I know.’

As if it were an invitation, she gathered her files, and sauntered over to my desk, the click of her heels mixed with the erotic slosh of what could only be the sound of a full bladder at this point. What else could it be!? I blushed, fighting to retain my composure.

Thankfully, the cubicle was empty today. Just myself and this goddess in front of me. She got to my desk and instantly crossed her legs.

“Whatcha doin?” She teased, leaning over the wall of the cubicle as her breasts leaned with her.

“Taking selfies for my lifestyle blog, want to be my special guest?”

“You know I love selfies.” She smiled, slapping my shoulder. I pulled up my phone, and she bent down to pose with me, hissing through her teeth. The perfect time to take the picture.

“Hey, I wasn’t ready!” She laughed, crossing her legs tightly as the slosh of her bladder echoed in the air.

“What? I thought that was my cue!”

“Nooooo!” She laughed, crossing and uncrossing her legs. “I just have to pee.... soooo bad!” She sighed, stepping in place. The sloshing continued.

“I can tell!” I said, for some stupid reason.

“Is it really that obvious?” She asked, a silly smile crossing her face as she bounced up and down.

“It’s super obvious actually. You look like you’re about to pee your pants!”

“I really am,” she giggled back, “I’ve been holding it since before work started!”

“Now why would you do that?” I asked.

“I don’t know. Guess I just never got around to it.” She winked, crossing her legs. She bounced, and I heard the slosh once more.

My heart stopped. Why did she wink at me? That certainly wasn’t wink worthy in any other conversation, why me? Why NOW? And WHY is her bladder so full I can hear it!?

“Well, are you planning on going anytime soon?” I asked.

“Hmmmm.... eventually.” She mused, still pee dancing in front of me. “I was kind of falling asleep over there, so ironically enough, It’s helping me stretch my legs-”

My raging erection would be impossible to hide in a minute.

“- and I’m not sure if you’ve tried to go to sleep, but you had to pee really bad? It doesn’t work. You’re up all night!-”

She wringing the edges of her pencil skirt with one hand. I was probably drooling at this point, I don’t quite remember....

“- and dancing in heels is supposed to be a good workout. Any kind of dance!” She giggled, raising her leg up and pressing her thigh into her crotch.

“If you start looking any better no ones gonna get any work done around here!” I teased, watching her legs on fascination.

“You’d like that wouldn’t you?”

“I might.”

“Am I distracting you?”

“Just a little...”

“Is it the pee thing?”

“It’s a little bit the pee thing.”

“What’s so distracting about it?” Still pacing in place. One leg, then the other. Back, and forth, back, and forth.....

For me it was common sense. A gorgeous girl desperate to pee is about as exotic as it gets. As her thighs raised rhythmically off the ground, clicking her heels on the floor, her bladder sloshing in my ears, I cracked. I broke. I came clean, it’s the honest thing to do after all.

“I’m not sure how to describe it.”

“Try me!” She giggled, raising her thigh once more. “Have you never seen a girl desperate to pee before?”

“Well.... not really. Not like you. It’s like.... you don’t see girls having to pee really bad ever day, unless you’re a bouncer at a bar. I’m not that lucky.”

”Lucky?” She said curiously.

”Wait now, lemme finish! Even then, you don’t see them dance around, like, urgently. And I guess it’s just that, you’re this gorgeous girl, and you have to pee, and you’re dancing around in front of me, and you won’t go pee. Not because you can’t go pee, but because you won’t go pee. It’s just, exotic I guess.....”

I hesitated, but knew I had to continue.

“.....And then there’s this sloshing noise that I hear every time you dance around, and that’s really distracting too.”

“Ohhhh. That!” She giggled as she curtsied with quivering thighs. “I think you’re just hearing my pee slosh around inside my bladder.” She gestures toward her little bladder bulge.

“Yeah, I kinda figured. At least I know I’m not hearing things!”

She bent forward with he hands in her crotch, squeezing tightly. “I have to pee so bad you can hear it. Funny right? It happens every now and then. But no one else has ever heard it though. I mean, maybe someone else has, but I’ve had to pee pretty bad plenty of times in my life. And like, I’ve seen a few people glance my way as they walked by me, or from across the room, but you’re the only person I’ve ever talked to that’s actually heard it.”

“That’s comforting, oddly enough. So I’m not crazy?”

“No, you’re just a pervert.” She teased sticking her tongue out at me.

“What!? You wanted to know!”

“That’s true, I did.”

“No kink shaming in this cubicle!”

“I know, I’m teasing. I’m just flattered you think I’m exotic!”

“You were exotic before-“

*SPURT*

“What was that?”

“What was what?”

“That spurting sound?”

“Ohhh, you can hear that huh?” She giggled, uncrossing her legs and recrossing them. Tightly.

“Ummmm, yes!”

“You have good ears.”

“What was it??”

“You really want to know??”

“YES!” I said urgently. I knew what it was. But I wanted her to say it. I needed her to say it.

She didn’t though. She just stood there and smiled at me. She rocked back and forth on the balls of her feet, and smiled at me. She squirmed, and writhed, and I watched. She watched me watch her, eyeing he squirming legs, her bladder bulge, and indulging with her full bladder, right in front of me.

“You like this huh?” She teased, raising a plump thigh to waist level again.

“I love this actually.”

“Well guess what?”

*SPURT* *SPURT*

A trickle of pee ran down her inner thigh, stopping as it met her heel.

“I’m peeing my pants Alex.”

“I can see that.”

“Not because I can’t go to the bathroom.....”

*SPUUUURT*

This time, a longer spurt, leaving drops of urine on the carpet as it spattered down her leg.

“.... But because I won’t.”

“This is incredible.”

“Do you want to watch Alex?”

“I would love to.”

“I have to make it look like an accident though-“

*spuuuuurt*

“-is that okay with you?”

I nodded yes furiously. It was most definitely okay with me.

“Okay. So I’m going to be pee dancing, sloshing away, from cubicle to cubicle. I still have all this mail to hand out. Maybe I’ll make it through, maybe I won’t. Who knows? But everyone in this office will know that I have to pee tremendously bad, so it doesn’t look like a private show.”

“I’d like one of those one day.”

“One thing at a time horny boy.” She teased, collecting herself. “I recommend you watch the show, most people like you don’t get a show like this. Ever!” She winked.

And I watched. I watched her hips saunter away, her bursting bladder echoing in my ears, as she went from cubicle to cubicle, passing out the mail that she should’ve passed out probably 20 minutes ago. She did every move in the book. She wiggled her hips around, stepped from foot to foot, marched in place, and even placed her hands over the torrent of pee that was leaking out of her by the second.

*SLOSH, SPURT, SLOSH, SPURT*

Each step she took brought her closer to flooding her cute pencil skirt, and sending pee down her legs, pooling on the floor beneath her. I was bright red, my face burning with lust and envy. This beautiful girl was about to completely and totally piss her pants. And she was going to do it for me too. It sounds so weird, saying it to myself. A beautiful girl pissed her pants for me. She held her pee deliberately, passed up every opportunity to go to the bathroom, and now she was prancing around with a full bladder for my pleasure. Words can’t describe the lust I felt in this moment. It was simply ecstasy.

The sloshing of her bladder around the office began to crescendo, like the swells of an ocean rocking and slamming against a boat, seconds from capsizing. She passed my desk, completely frantic, The sound of rushing water filling my ears.

*triiiiiiicccckllllleeeee*

She was stepping frantically on the spot, a pee stain on the front and back of her skirt, where she had already leaked as she pranced around the office attempting to finish her job. I could see pee steadily trickling from the crotch of her skirt, running through clenched hands, snaking down her legs, and pooling in a tiny piddle puddle at her feet.

“I’m peeing Alex, I can’t hold it anymore. I’m seconds from bursting all over the floor.”

“I know.”

“Do you want me to do it here?”

“You can hold it a little longer.”

“Alex, I really can’t. I’m literally peeing right now.”

“Okay. Well can I make one last request then?”

“As long as it doesn’t involve me moving any further than this cubicle.”

“I can work with that.”

She smiled. Her face red with effort, thighs quivering, she walked into my cubicle and stood knock kneed next to my chair.

“Can I put my hands around your waist?”

“I would love for you to put your hands around my waist Alex.”

I walked closer to her quivered, desperate body, writhing in place, and calmly placed my hands on her delicious hips. She relaxed for just a moment, her rigid posture easing with my touch.

“Is that better?”

“Much better.”

“Good....”

All at once, with her body pressed against mine, I pressed on her bladder....

*WHOOOSH*

Like someone turning on a sink, or more accurately, the rushing water of a shower faucet, pee sprayed from underneath her skirt, running down her legs like a waterfall, and splattering all over my cubicle. The shins of my pant leg were also caught in the flood, pee dripping onto my leg and covering my shoes. I looked her in the eyes, and the pitter patter of pee hitting the ground was a perfect soundtrack to the bliss that crossed her face, the face of a gorgeous woman avidly pissing herself in front of me. Bliss turned to arousal as she bit her lip. I kissed her passionately, moving my hands from her bladder to her ass. I squeezed her closer to me by her ass cheeks, immersing myself in our sensual exchange to the sound of her glorious accident.

.......

.......

.......

.......

.......

.......

.......

.......

And then I woke up.

A guy can dream can’t he?

*002*2018-10-25 05:10

{{8 minutes ago, ihsaromO said:

Really good story. I was expecting it to end with a mirror of the start, with the narrator blinking out of a daze. At least I was sort of right.

}}

Dammit I should’ve thought of that

*004*2018-10-25 06:59

{{23 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent story

}}

Thank you

*006*2018-10-25 15:03

{{4 hours ago, Keita123 said:

I especially love how you can hear the sound of her bladder.

}}

A super power we’d all love to have!

*008*2018-10-27 20:22

{{7 hours ago, randomkath said:

Love it!

}}

Thanks, that’s sayin something coming from the pro!

