The Girls Of Cabin 24

Author: pumpkinhead

*000*2011-02-22 08:08

Just an original fiction piece I wrote almost two years ago and had posted on a different forum back then. I'll post it now while I'm working on some new stuff

It was summer when I wrote it so it's just about some teenage girls at summer camp.

Sorry it's kind of long...

Part One: First Day At Camp

It was midday and large groups of excited young faces were stepping off of the buses and on to the grounds of Camp Redwood. On this warm June day the first session of the summer was beginning. Marcy had out a clipboard and silently went over the names of the girls assigned to her cabin for the session. At nineteen years old and on summer break from college, it was her first time working as a camp counselor though she herself had attended this very camp in her youth.

She was a cute girl though many of her schoolmates had always described her as a bit geeky looking. She wore a pair of trendy eyeglasses with a mild prescription and had neat brown hair that she usually styled into a ponytail. Marcy was an active girl and had the body of a runner; fit and lean though her breasts were smaller than she would have liked. She stood by confidently as the campers filed toward the tables where they would receive their cabin numbers and first day name tags. She gently lifted up a sign with the number twenty-four boldly printed upon it

It took a short while but soon Marcy had a small group of girls standing before her staring at each other wide-eyed and anxious. The girls she was assigned to were all between thirteen and fourteen years old and were in the oldest camp program. They were to be there for two weeks of hiking, canoeing, and other outdoor related activities.

“Ok girls of cabin twenty-four!” Marcy smiled as she spoke quickly and enthusiastically. “Welcome to summer session one at Camp Redwood! My name is Marcy and I’m gonna be your counselor for the next couple weeks. Let’s all sit down into a circle and get to know each other, let’s start by telling us all your name, a little something about yourself, and what you’re most excited about.”

The five girls and their counselor sat down into a loose circle on the grassy field and looked around at one another. Marcy nodded towards the girl sitting closest to her right side. The girl who appeared to be the youngest of them had shoulder length wavy auburn hair and eyed her peers sheepishly.

“Well..” She spoke nervously. “My name is Taylor and um, this is my third year at Camp Redwood and uh I guess I’m most excited for the cabin competitions at the end of camp.” She lowered her head and turned to look at the girl sitting next to her.

“Hi!” The girl had a sweet smile on her face that showed off a mouth full of braces. She tossed her head back to remove some of the chin length straight blonde hair that had fallen into her eye line. “I’m Kayla and my family owns a horse ranch back home. And I’m really happy to be here and the canoe trip is what I’m looking forward to.”

The next girl sat twirling a finger in her long sunny blonde hair that had several large strands dyed bright pink and blue. A bright pink diamond glistened in the sun from the piercing on her nose. “My name is Roslyn, but everybody calls me Rose.” She spoke softly and fluidly. “I think mostly I like the hiking and camping part of camp.”

Next to Rose sat a raven haired Asian girl who sat on her side nonchalantly and looked back and forth over the group of girls. “My name is Lena and I didn’t really wanna come to camp this year but my lame parents made me, so I’m really looking forward to going back home and hopefully this won’t suck.”

The last girl had very wide eyes and her face was covered in soft freckles on her pale skin. She had dark red curly hair and a large grin on her face. “I’m Sarah annnd summer camp is my favorite. I really like all the activities, and the boys cabins nearby don’t hurt either.”

Marcy smiled and sat on watching the girls trying to memorize their names and faces. They seemed docile enough; this job would be fun and very easy money.

“Ok girls. Let’s get you all set up in our cabin now!” She exclaimed.

The cabin itself was small and had no running water as all their meals were taken in a mess hall in the center of the camp. It had a couple a bunks set up inside and a small light hanging from the ceiling. The counselors had a small room attached to the cabin for their own privacy and there was an outhouse with toilets and showers a short walk away that they shared with several other nearby cabins. One side of the camp sat on the edge of a large forest preserve with Lake Lakota and the Redwood River on the other side. Once in the cabin the five girls got to picking out their bunks and unpacking their pillows and sleeping bags. There was talking and laughing as they got to know one another and everyone settled in preparing for a fun summer at camp.

* * * *

It was 8:00 and the girls had just come from dinner at the mess hall. They were joking and teasing one another and went into their cabin for the night. Lights out was set for 10:00 and the 5 girls spent the next couple hours chatting and playing cards with one another.

“OK everyone,” Marcy said loudly as she stood in the door way of the cabin. “It’s time for lights out! So I don’t want any trouble alright? Keep the noise down and stay in the cabin. If you have to use the restroom please use the buddy system k? Have a good night everyone!” She retreated to her assigned room attached to the back of the cabin.

“Rose yawned loudly. “Night,” she said and hopped into her bottom bunk.

Taylor climbed up above Rose to the top bunk and settled into her sleeping bag while Sarah and Kayla got into the other set of bunk beds across from them. Lena climbed to the top of another set, leaving the bottom bunk vacant. The ceiling light had been switched off and the sun had already set. The small log cabin was exceedingly dark and only a small light was seen from a dim street lamp far from the cabin.

Time passed and Taylor was having trouble sleeping, she always felt anxiety for the first couple nights when sleeping away from home. She was tossing and turning and felt the signs of pressure starting to build in her bladder. She could hear the slow breathing of the other girls and didn’t want to get up and possibly wake them. Taylor tried to think about the days of camp ahead of her and started to drift into a light slumber.

Taylor awoke with a start and for a moment forgot where she was and became very anxious. It was still pitch black outside and she didn’t know what time it was. Her bladder sent a pulsing feeling through her body and the low ache of having to go very badly was rising inside her. She sat up in her bed and peered over the side at Rose sleeping below her and though of waking the girl to walk with her across the yard to the outhouse but quickly thought better of it. There was no way she had the guts to wake one of these girls she barely knew in the middle of the night. She was a very timid girl and laid herself on her back in the sleeping bag.

“Hooo Hooo,” Came a sound from outside.

Taylor was alarmed but told herself it was just an owl. It was OK. Lying on her back she felt all the liquids of the night stewing inside her and longed for the sweet release of them. Too afraid to get up and go down that ladder and out the door to the nighttime camp she stayed where she was, willing herself to forget about her urge. She could hold it all night, she had before. If she could just fall asleep it would all be forgotten and she could go to the outhouse in the sunny morning. She used all her willpower to think about happy things, dreamy things and fatigue once again set in and she was lulled into la la land.

There was Lake Lakota and the Redwood River! The sun was shining down beautifully and Taylor leaped into the river splashing around with the other girls. She had on her swimsuit and was smiling as she swam in the lake that seemed rather warm though it was probably the hot sun warming it up.

Taylor jolted awake again with a surge of adrenaline and suddenly felt the hot torrent of yellow liquid streaming into her pink and white cotton boyshort panties. Even with nobody to witness her she turned beet red at the realization that she had been dreaming about water and now on the first night at summer camp she had wet the bed. She clenched her sphincter and got her bladder to stop releasing the remainder of fluid. She was a teenager now she thought. At thirteen years old, almost fourteen how could she be wetting the bed like a little girl?

She felt the warmth that had spread across the bottom of her butt and felt frightened. She had pink terry cloth pajama shorts on over her underwear and even though she managed to stifle the flow, she felt that they were wet, very wet, this material absorbed liquid like a beach towel. The pee even managed to make its way up to her lower back, wetting the bottom of her pink tank top causing it to cling to her young skin. She sat up in bed and the liquid sloshed downward, trapped in the waterproof sleeping bag.

She still had to pee badly and unzipped the bag to climb out, panicking that the other girls were going to find out what had happened. Taylor was too afraid of being caught by her cabin mates to care any longer about being afraid about going outside to the outhouse. She hastily but gently crawled down the ladder of the bunk and made a quick getaway out the door, the wet shorts squishing against her damp legs as she moved. Once outside she ran towards the brown building on the other side of the yard.

She stepped into the low humming light of the smelly outhouse and went to one of the stalls where she sat down to empty the rest of her bladder, looking down at the ruined clothes as they were pulled down. Her butt and thighs were glistening with the liquid that seemed to stick to her skin. She finished peeing and went to the bathroom mirror to survey the damage, her entire ass was soaked and the pink shorts were now a very dark color having absorbed all the pee. Her boyshort underwear had the ability to take in a tremendous amount of liquid and were sopping wet and discolored.

Sneaking back into the cabin and towards her bunk she could smell the urine on her and knew her sleeping bag was full of it. She quietly pulled the bag off of the top bunk and did the only thing she could think of. She went outside and knocked on the counselor’s door.

Marcy awoke from a light knocking and went to open the door. There in front of her was little Taylor with her wavy auburn hair looking red and ashamed and holding her sleeping bag. She saw the shorts she was wearing were all wet and the embarrassed girl didn’t need to say a word.

Part Two: The Canoe Trip

It was the second week of summer camp and the girls of cabin twenty four were preparing for an overnight canoe trip down the Redwood River and into the nearby woods for outdoor camping. Marcy had them pack their sleeping bags and essentials and gave them each some of the camping equipment and food and water to carry for the group.

“Isn’t this exciiiting?” Kayla gushed to her new best friend Sarah. “This is the part I’ve been waiting for! I’ve never been canoeing before.”

“Really?” The redhead asked back. “It’s fun. Just don’t stand up!” She giggled. “We had a girl who did that last year and she tipped over our canoe and all our stuff and us fell right into the river!”

Kayla smiled and flashed her braces, “I won’t.”

Marcy led them to the camp’s dock on edge of Lake Lakota where there were two brown canoes waiting for them. “It’s about a two and a half hour trip paddling down the river to the camp site and then sun is out in full force today so I want to make sure you all are good and hydrated, we’re all gonna switch off with the oars.” She pointed to a spigot some ten yards away. “I want you all to drink a full water bottle and then fill it up again for the trip.”

The girls all groaned in dismay and head over to the water spout planted into the ground. They drank their fill of water before heading back over to where Marcy had a pile of bright orange and blue lifejackets to put on for the trip.

“Well, let’s get going!” Marcy said.

The two canoes had short bench type seats in them and the girls hopped in three to a canoe. Marcy was in one canoe with Rose and Taylor while Lena, Kayla, and Sarah got into the other. They pushed off from the dock and started paddling through the small placid lake and into the wide but lazy river ahead.

“Whew.” Kayla wiped some sweat from her forehead. “This is harder work than I thought!” She uncapped her water bottle and took a long gulp, breathing deeply from the labor.

Lena sat back and basked in the sun while Kayla and Sarah took their turn paddling the canoe. The river didn’t have much a current and the girls were vigorously pushing to keep up with Marcy’s canoe up front. They were about forty minutes into the trip when Kayla began to feel a pressure on her bladder from all the water and physical exertion.

“Hey guys?” she asked. “Are we gonna go to the shore for a break anytime? Or are we going all the way through?”

Sarah was in the front of the canoe and looked back directly behind her. “I think we’re going straight there, it’s not that long.”

She would have asked Marcy but the front canoe was a bit ahead and out of earshot. Kayla bit her lip and passed the oar behind her for Lena’s turn to paddle. The rocking of the boat caused her to feel all the contents of her stomach and bladder and she started to fidget and cross her legs back and forth. Besides the restrictive life jacket, she was wearing a red Camp Redwood t-shirt with a pair of denim cut off shorts that were cut very short and her baby blue bikini on underneath.

Twenty minutes had gone by and Lena passed the oar back to Kayla who begrudgingly accepted it, she no longer had her usual perky smile plastered on her face. The act of slicing the blade into the water and pushing put enormous pressure on her expanding bladder and she grimaced each time she made a stroke.

“Umm Lena, do you think you can paddle instead for a little while?”

The dark haired girl looked annoyed. “I was just paddling! It’s your turn now, I’m not gonna do your work.”

Kayla scrunched her face together. “I know I know, I just… kinda have to goto the bathroom and it’s making it really hard to paddle.”

Lena wasn’t paying much attention the girl sitting in front of her. “Well suck it up. We’ll be there soon.”

Sarah glanced back at her friend, “I think it’s only like an hour. I kinda have to go too. You can make it.”

“Ya.” Kayla replied trying to concentrate on the paddling motion.

Fifteen minutes floated on by and Kayla began to feel a wave roaring against her insides. She was leaned over while still paddling and breathing quick, shallow breaths. Her bladder had become very full now her tight shorts felt like they were going to pop. She tapped her feet up and down on the wooden frame of the boat and began to rock back and forth.

“You alright?” Lena asked curiously though without too much concern.

“No.” Kayla replied tersely. “I really gotta go to the bathroom. We have to go to the shore or something. I have to go.”

“well,” Lena replied. “You can ask Marcy if we get closer to her canoe. But um, I Guess if you really can’t handle it, I can paddle for now. I guess.”

Kayla graciously and quickly accepted this unprecedented act of kindness. “Thank you so much Lena.” She passed the paddle back and held her hands down toward her stomach. Closing her eyes, the bubbly blonde girl bounced back and forth and tried not to think about the sounds the river made as the oars whipped up and down in the water.

Five more minutes passed by and the girl’s plight was getting worse. They were still not caught up the lead canoe and she felt as though an ocean had built up inside her. The bouncing and tapping was no longer helping her stave off the pressure and her eyes started to glisten with moistness. “Sarah I don’t think I can hold it much longer,” She whimpered quietly.

The canoe hit a small rock sticking out of the water causing it to recoil with a large thump. It took the girls by surprise and Kayla gasped. She leaned all the way forward and panic gripped her as a pang of pressure pushed its way from her. Her eyes clenched shut as a spurt of hot pee broke through her barrier and into her clean blue bikini bottoms. Her right hand pushed itself into her girlhood to stop the warm liquid and her clenching muscles managed to stop the flow as it started.

“Oh no, oh no.” she murmured quietly and tears started to well up in her eyes and start to make her way down her cheeks. Her face was hot and bright red. She breathed even more rapidly than before as pang after pang of pressure jolted throughout her insides. She squeezed her muscles tighter but the force was becoming far too much. The canoe hit another rough bump and Kayla clenched as tight as she could but to no avail. Another jet of urine was released from her and shot out for a good four seconds before she managed to control it. Her heart was thumping hard now and she looked down in embarrassment as she felt the liquid soak through the bikini bottom and down to her butt where she sat. a large damp patch was visible now on her crotch and down the seat of the shorts.

“Oh my god. Are you peeing your pants?” Lena looked incredulously at the girl in front of her and a half smirk formed on her face.

Kayla sniffled audibly and Sarah looked back in alarm, trying to give a reassuring look to her humiliated friend.

“Just a little longer Kayla! Just a little longer.”

What felt like several minutes passed and the young blonde girl with the braces felt sick to her stomach. Her muscles were getting tired and she pressed her hand harder into her crotch. Suddenly a large bump was felt as the canoe dropped into a slight rapid and bounced back up.

“Whoa” Lena exclaimed.

Kayla grabbed herself in pain and the pressure made her dizzy. She sucked in her breath and shut her eyes again. The seal had already been broken and there was nothing she could do to stop the furious flow from inside her. She tried to clench tighter but to no avail, it hissed out of her violently and she felt it soak through her bikini bottoms into the already damp fabric of her light denim shorts. She wiped some tears from her eyes as the liquid pooled on the bench and ran down the inside of her quivering legs on its way to the bottom of the canoe. Her shorts were turned a dark shade as the bottom of them were thoroughly saturated with the hot urine. She wiped her puffy eyes again and rubbed her nose as the last of the pee dripped off the wooden bench.

“Ew,” Lena made a face at the crying girl in front of her. “I can’t believe you just did that.”

“Shut up!” Sarah called back to defend her friend. It’s OK Kayla, I bet if we splash some water in the canoe with the oars nobody would even be able notice.” She playfully whipped up the water onto herself and into the boat and gazed back at her friend with a sweet smile.

“Thanks,” Kayla meekly said, though she appeared to be feeling a good deal better from both an empty bladder and her new best friend’s kindness.

Part Three: The Campsite

Marcy and the girls of cabin twenty four had their camp set up before dusk and were sitting around the campfire eating their dinner. The site consisted of just a small flat meadow with their tents and a fire pit in the middle. There were no facilities and all business was going to be taken care of in the trees beyond the camp. They conversed with the usual giggly banter of young females though Kayla was being uncharacteristically quiet. Despite Sarah having gotten water all over the inside of the canoe to mask her friend’s accident, Lena had gushingly revealed the fact to the rest of the girls anyway. Marcy was sympathetic and consoled the girl the best she could but she still held a gloomy demeanor for the remainder of the evening.

“Who wants s’mores?” Marcy asked happily while breaking out a bag of marshmallows.

The girls all got ready their sticks to cook the marshmallow while a box of graham crackers and some chocolate bars were broken out to be readied for consumption.

“You girls ever hear the story about Suzy Longfellow?” Marcy asked.

The girls all shook their heads.

“Well, she was a camper here several years ago, in fact she had stayed in the same cabin as you all are now. Well, in her second week at camp she too went on a canoe trip to this very campsite…..” Marcy rattled on as the sun was setting behind the darkened spruce trees that surrounded their camp. She told the cliché old camp story a girl who got lost in the woods and was never seen from again, modernized again and again and used year after year for young campers in the ominous forest.

At nightfall they all retreated to their small tents, two girls in each tent with Taylor sharing hers with the counselor Marcy. Once in their tents, Sarah looked at Kayla with a mischievous grin.

“Hey Kayla, I have an idea. How would you like to get back at Lena tonight?

“How?”

I think, how about we wait til later tonight. Lena’s probably gonna leave her tent at some point to goto the bathroom or get water or something and we can scare her! It’ll be fun, what do you think?”

“Well,” Kayla thought this over for a moment. “She might figure out it’s us, but I guess it’s worth a try.” She felt bitter towards the dark haired girl for humiliating her and wanted some type of vengeance. “Yeah let’s give it a try.”

Night quickly swept over the camp and the fire had begun to burn out, leaving a low smoldering glow. Sarah and Kayla were whispering to each other about their lives when they heard the zipper of a nearby tent opening up. Sarah quickly peeped out through the small mesh vent on entrance of her tent to catch a glimpse of who it was. She saw Lena and Rose tiptoeing around the tent and heading towards the forest, flashlight in hand. Sarah smiled; it looked as though Lena was too afraid to enter the absolute darkness of the wooded area alone. The two girls had put on hooded sweatshirts to cover themselves up in the cloak of night. Sarah motioned to Kayla and slowly unzipped the tent being as stealthy as possible. Once outside it was hard distinguish what was what, darkness shrouded the campsite and it actually was scary out there.

“Don’t turn on your flashlight,” Sarah whispered. “We’ll just follow their light Okie?”

The other girl nodded in the dark and the two of them crept along toward the daunting woods ahead, using the dim beam of Lena’s light as a guide.

Lena and Rose entered the woods and Lena shined her flashlight onto the trees looking for a suitable place to relieve herself. The camp was out of sight now and she looked over at the girl behind her.

“Rose, I think I’m alright now, I’m gonna go here, but don’t go too far away.”

“Ok Lena. I’ll just be at the edge of the meadow, don’t get lost out here.” Rose said lazily then backed away and found her path through the trees stepping over the broken twigs that littered the ground. She made it to the meadow and sat down to wait.

Lena laid the flashlight horizontally on a stump with the light facing down towards the ground where she stood. She untied her lavender pajama pants and pulled them down along with the white cotton panties she had on. She spread her legs and began to squat.

“CAARACK”

Her heart skipped a beat and she quickly pulled her pants up at the loud noise. It sounded as though a large stick had been stepped on.

“Who’s there?” She called out nervously into the forest. “Rose is that you?”

No reply.

“Hello?” She called once more. Her heart was thumping faster and she scanned the darkness for something moving, a person or an animal. Her hands were shaking a bit and she breathed deeply to calm herself. It was probably just a small harmless animal out looking for food she thought, nothing to be afraid of. Once again she pulled her clothes down to her ankles and began to squat down.

“BAM”

She sucked in deep at the even louder sound and up went her pants; she quickly tied them back and grabbed the flashlight with her shaking hands. She swiveled the small beam around at the trees that seemed to be swirling with movement in the shadows.

“CRACK! CRACK!”

Lena started to run but tripped backwards on the protruding root of a large old tree, causing her to drop her flashlight into the dirt. A cold sweat broke out on her face and she clawed at the ground quickly and put down the palms of her hands to get back up. She pushed onto her knees when she heard a slight whooshing sound and something shaped like a person went right by her in the dark.

“Shiiiiiiit” She shrieked and inhaled hard as her heart was fluttering like a hummingbird.

Her head was spinning and felt a strange sensation in her lower regions. Her muscles were spasming and she didn’t even realize she had completely lost control of her bladder. It poured from her urethra and into her white panties, soaking through the thin cotton material almost instantly and turning them a rusty shade of yellow. Lena was on all fours and terrified as the warm pee made its way down her inner thighs and began to form a small pool at her knees on the cold dirt. Her pajama pants turned almost transparent with all the liquid and began to stick to her skin. The pee raced its way through the fabric for a good thirty seconds before she was emptied. The young raven haired girl in a frightened panic grabbed at her flashlight and raced through the trees, too scared of the forest to pay much attention to the fact that she had just urinated all over herself. She made her way with heart pounding quickness to her tent and shut the zipper.

Rose sat on the edge of the meadow and watched her friend Lena make a mad dash into the tent. She heard some muffled laughs and saw a couple of shadows pass by her on the other side. Soon after she was hearing sobbing from one tent and the sounds of giggling and joyous mirth from another, she laid herself down in the cool grass, too preoccupied with the lovely twinkling of the clear night stars to care.

*004*2011-02-23 06:36

Thanks guys! I would like to write a lot more stuff like this but I don't want it to be too trite and I'm just so terribly bad with ideas.

*006*2011-02-28 05:48

Wellllll. Does anyone have any ideas for stories like this for me to write??

My ideas are all over the place so I want to write something in the next day or two but am not sure what. I'm open to suggestions and would love some inspiration :)

