Elevator

Author: luv4swair

*000*2012-09-01 20:04

This is probably my second or third attempt... I don't think it's that bad. Let me know what you think :)

You would think that a one-story elevator would have no chance in the world of breaking down, but... there it went. Dead center in between the ground floor and the mezzanine, there was a grinding noise, the power cut out, and we were left standing in darkness.

Neither of us spoke for a few minutes, probably hoping that it was just a minor glitch. Five minutes passed, then ten. We both checked our cell phones. No signal, of course. The emergency phone in the elevator had been removed a few years ago due to the fact that everyone had cell phones now. Apparently we were in one of those spots where absolutely nothing worked.

Colleen checked her radio (which, of course, didn't work either), then pulled off her blazer and hung it over one of the side rails. "I guess we're stuck here for a while," she commented.

"Yep."

I slid down the wall I was leaning against and sat down, putting my head back and shutting my eyes. Might as well relax for a minute.

Colleen, however, didn't seem so comfortable. She kept shifting positions; I heard her sit down then stand up again a few times, then finally a groan.

I opened my eyes back up. "Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah, I guess." She kind of laughed a little, then continued, "It's pretty stupid... I guess I should have used the bathroom a few minutes ago." She crossed her legs, uncrossed them just as quickly, then grabbed on to one of the side rails.

"Oh, okay." I nodded and shut my eyes again.

"Are they ever going to fix this damn thing?" I heard her ask about ten minutes later. Her voice seemed a little more stressed than it had been.

"I hope so. I thought it was just the elevator, but it must be more complicated than that."

After a while I just stared at the reflection in the doors, halfway hoping that they would open soon. The other half was concentrated on my colleague, who seemed to be in more distress as time passed. She also didn't seem to notice that I could surreptitiously watch her in the doors, or didn't care at that point.

I scooted into a corner and pretended to lean my head into it. Colleen had squatted down into the other corner and was bouncing up and down a little; a thrill ran down my spine as I realized she was trying to hold everything in with her heels.

"Fuck," she muttered; she then stood up again quickly, moaned, and stuck both her hands in between her legs, blushing as she did so. "I'm sorry," she nearly whined. "I don't know how much longer this is going to take, but I really need to pee."

"It's cool," I replied offhandedly, pretending to stare off in the other direction and trying to ignore the wetness of a different sort that was beginning to soak my own pants. "That really sucks... I hope they fix it soon too."

She rocked back and forth on her heels, hands still between her legs, muttering curses under her breath. "Oh my God, no," I heard her gasp all of a sudden. Through the door I could see a small dark spot in her pants as she removed her hands and squatted back down.

"It won't be that much longer," I tried to reassure her.

"I know... I hope so..." I glanced over at Colleen; she was rocking back and forth on her heels again, a hand futilely trying to hold anything else from coming out. "Oh, fuck," she said again. "I can't... oh shit, I can't hold it much longer..."

I couldn't help but glance over; she tried to stand halfway up, grabbed one of the side rails, then doubled over. "Oh, no," she whispered, eyes closing as a torrent of pee soaked through the crotch of her dark blue uniform pants, down her thighs, and dribbled onto the floor. A groan of relief escaped her lips as she apparently threw decency to the wind; I guess she must have had to go pretty bad as she squatted back down and let out another stream that lasted a good minute or so.

As Colleen squatted, crying, pee still flowing out of her, I couldn't help but unbutton my pants and quickly bring myself to a shallow orgasm. As I came, I silently thanked the elevator gods for providing me with such an amazing opportunity.

*001*2012-09-02 01:18

That bad, huh? Oh well, I tried.

*004*2012-09-06 06:24

Thanks!

