Unlucky Star: Chapter 2

Author: facade

*000*2010-08-19 10:42

Chapter 2 of Unlucky Star. This is a continuation of my previous story, starting the very same day and taking place at Konata's high school. Again it stars Konata but also co-stars Kagami. Tsukasa and Miyuki are in it as well but don't make much of an appearance.

Here is a picture of all 4 girls:

%http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/13/Lucky_Star_main_characters.png

Starting from the left is Tsukasa, Konata, Kagami, then Miyuki.

###

“Konaa!” was the first thing Konata heard that morning since her dad left her alone just a few hours before. “...unnghh..?” a still half asleep Konata muttered from her slightly parted lips before slowly opening her heavy eyelids and soon shut them tight to block out the morning rays from the sun coming though her bedroom window. Konata started to fall back asleep on her sheet less bed and grabbed one of her many pillows to lay on. Suddenly, there was a loud series of knocks upon her window, four to be exact.

“KONAAAAAA! WAKE UP, YOU'RE GOING TO BE LATE FOR CLASS!” a screaming girl just outside her window yelled. Konata immediately opened her no longer heavy eyelids and quickly sat up in her bed causing the pillow she was cuddling to fall on the floor below. “Huh? What?” said Konata, startled and much more awake now as she leaned over to her window and parted the blinds behind the curtains to see the purple haired girl standing outside with a impatient look on her face.

“Kona?! Get up! You slept in!” Kagami exclaimed, her voice muffled from the glass but still audible. “Oh shit! I'll be out in a minute. Wait for me at the front!” Konata said as she let go of the blinds and jumped off of her bed.

“I must of fell asleep last night... I must have been more tired then I thought after...” Konata said to herself as the memories of her early morning charades passed through her mind. She decided to just try and forget about what happened and get to class before she was late. After lifting her night shirt off of her small body, she dropped it on the floor and quickly grabbed her uniform from her closet. Konata got dressed as fast as she could, ran downstairs with her backpack and poured herself a tall glass of tea. She drank it down in about a minute as some of it dripped onto the floor and her uniform but she didn't seem to care. After setting the glass in the sink, Konata ran out the front door to meet a impatiently waiting Kagami on the porch.

“Sorry Kagami, hehe. I must have slept in again.”

“Don't worry about it, let's just get going. Before we're both late.”

The two girls walked away from Konata's house and decided to take the quick route to school today. A route that Kagami had worked out was the shortest distance to school from her best friend's house as a result of many mornings like today where Konata accidentally slept in.

“So what's your excuse this time?” Kagami asked.

“Just had a rough night, I didn't get a lot of sleep.”

“You really need to work on getting in bed sooner.” Kagami said, though she knew Konata wouldn't listen. Konata didn't seem to pay any mind to what she said and changed the subject.

“Hey, you want to come with me to pick up the new Haruhi manga after school?” Konata asked, trying to steer the conversation away from this morning's horrible misfortune when she wet herself twice in one hour.

“Sure! There's some that I want to check out as well.”

“Awesome!” Konata said before she started to feel the sensation of her bladder as it began to feel up. She remembered that she forgot to use the toilet before she left the house. The feeling soon subsided but she pulled out her phone and looked at the time to see if she was going to have time before class to make a quick pit-stop. A gloom look formed upon Konata's face as both girls were only a few blocks away from Ryoo High School.

“What is it, Kona?”

“Oh... nothing. I was just hoping that I had enough I had enough time to pee before class, but we don't.”

“I'm sure you'll be fine, Kona.” Kagami said and Konata didn't reply but put her phone back in her bag. Her urge to urinate came back shortly before they arrived at school and a little bit more then before as she started to regret that large glass of tea this morning, but she was so thirsty when she had woken up and didn't bother to think that she was not going to get a bathroom break until after 1st period. Both girls walked into the building which was filled with students going into their classes. As they both headed towards class, Konata saw the bathrooms to her left as they walked by it and she was so tempted to deviate from Kagami to use the toilet but decided against it figuring Kagami would stop her anyways.

Konata thought that maybe she could ask to go to the toilet before class but remembered that her world history teacher Ms. Kuroi was still peeved at her from last night when she bailed on her during a boss battle in the MMORPG game that they both played, causing her to be killed and lose all of her experience that she had gained. Ms. Kuroi would never let Konata leave just because she forgot to use the toilet before school. She blew it off for now, and hoped for the best as she walked in the classroom with Kagami and they both took their usual seats next to each other near the middle of the room where Tsukasa and Miyuki were already sitting.

“Hi Kona-chan, Hi sis!.” Tsukasa greeted them both and waved happily.

“Hey guys.” Konata greeted back as she sat down in her seat.

“Just barely making to class in time as usual I see.” Miyuki joked.

“Yeah yeah, I know.” Konata smiled and laid her bag down on the floor.

Ms. Kuroi closed the door signaling that class was now beginning and the four girls sat forward in their chairs. “Good morning everyone, please get out your textbooks and begin reading from page 250.” The blonde haired teacher said as she glared at Konata when her eyes past over her. Konata gave a sheepish grin until Ms. Kuroi looked away. Konata just planned to pretend to be reading while in reality she was going to day dream but as she bent down to pull out her textbook, her bladder's signals became stronger and her urine pressed to escape from her now full bladder. She quickly sat back up and gained back control over it and opened her textbook, pretending to read as planned.

Minutes passed by and Konata's urge increased causing her to squirm in her seat and, eventually, cross her legs. She looked over to Kagami and the others who were so knee-deep in studying that none of them took notice to Konata's fidgeting. “I really wished I hadn't drank all that tea this morning, or forgot to use the bathroom before leaving.” Konata thought to herself as minutes became an hour and her need to pee increased almost twice as much; she could no longer keep her thoughts on much of anything other then her now desperately aching bladder. Konata looked around again, all of the students were still busy with their work.

She desperately wanted to slide a hand under her skirt to take the edge off her bursting bladder a little but she really didn't want to make a scene, especially in front of Ms. Kuroi who she was sure wouldn't let her get away without being teased after what she did to her last night. “Shit, I really have to go and it's only halfway through class now.” She thought to herself as she bounced her legs in her seat, desperately keeping her bladder muscles from contracting themselves.

Kagami took her focus from reading to stretch and yawn then noticed Konata squirming and bouncing around.

“Kona..? What's wrong?” whispered the purpled haired girl.

Konata looked up to Kagami and gave her a strained look.

“I... really... gotta... go.” A stressed Konata whispered, stumbling on each word as she held onto her full bladder for dear life.

“Oh... well... what are you going to do? Ms. Kuroi won't let you leave... she's still mad that you let her character die last night.”

“I don't know...” Konata quickly responded under her breath.

Ms. Kuroi soon took notice to the girls chattering and walked over to them but only seemed to focus on Konata.

“Konata! Stop talking and get back to work!” She sternly said causing Konata to jump in her seat and lose control of her bladder, accidentally letting a spurt of pee escape into her light purple cotton panties. Konata pulled back hard on her bladder to stem the flow just barely but had to put her hand between her legs to keep the rest of it from coming out.

“Y-yes ma'am.” Konata said as her face went red from embarrassment. Thankfully, Ms. Kuroi hadn't noticed Konata's desperation just yet.

“Kona...” Kagami whispered when Ms. Kuroi was out of earshot. Konata didn't say anything but just looked at Kagami then back down at her textbook. Minutes dragged on very slowly and it was getting harder for her to control her bursting bladder even with her hand grabbing her crotch when Ms. Kuroi wasn't looking and her crossed legs that were frantically bouncing and squirming around to hold back her pee that was pressing against her bladder opening. Konata couldn't control it completely and every few seconds, she leaked more urine into her panties and eventually a wet spot grew on her skirt where she was desperately holding onto herself.

“I.. I can't believe this.” Konata thought to herself when she looked down at the damp spot on her skirt. She looked up to the clock on the wall in the front of the room; it read 9:30am which means there was about 25 minutes left in class. Kagami, noticing Konata was on the verge of wetting herself, leaned over to her after making sure Ms. Kuroi wasn't paying attention.

“Kona... just ask her if you can go...” she whispered. Konata knew she didn't have anything to lose, she wasn't going to make it until the end of class. She nodded towards Kagami and raised her hand in hopes that Ms. Kuroi would be somewhat sympathetic to her dire situation. Konata bounced and squirmed frantically in her seat while clutching her tight opening on top of her skirt. She waved her hand and Ms. Kuroi looked up from her desk at her, glared at her but answered her with an annoyed tone.

“What do you want, Konata?” She asked impatiently.

“Can I... go to th-the toiler.. err toilet?” Konata stumbled over her words again as more tiny spurts of urine escaped her hold causing the wet spot on her skirt to grow. Ms. Kuroi, now looking at Konata and realizing that she desperately needed to pee, grinned and walked over to her.

“What's the matter? Gonna pee your panties?” She said to Konata.

“N-no. Course not.” Konata responded, now holding herself with both hands as tightly as she could.

“Then you can wait.” Ms. Kuroi smiled devilishly at Konata and walked back to her desk.

“B-but, I really... have..” Konata couldn't finish her sentence before she was no longer able to hold back the flood of pee that was now streaming out of her like a pipe had just busted.

“No no no no!!” Konata cried out as she completely flooded her panties and the front and back of her skirt. A puddle of urine pooled under Konata's bottom and dripped on the floor, forming another puddle under her seat. Tears welled up in her eyes as she noticed a lot of students were now gawking at her including Kagami, Tsukasa and Miyuki who all seemed to look more concerned about Konata more then anyone else. Konata's face went bright red as she peed for more then a minute and Ms. Kuroi, who was sitting at her desk and looking at Konata the whole time, smiled and started giggling.

“Looks like you couldn't hold it after all, huh Konata?” Ms. Kuroi said with a smile, feeling as if she got her revenge on Konata.

“I... I...” Was all Konata said before getting up from her wet seat and running out of class in tears to the bathroom where she tried to clean herself up as best as she could for the remainder of the class.

“Poor Kona...” Kagami muttered sympathetically.

“She must be mortified.” Tsukasa whispered in agreement with her sister.

“I hope she'll be okay.” Miyuki added as the three girls nodded in agreement.

“I can't believe I wet myself three times in one morning!” Konata cried to herself as she went into the nearest stale, pulled her skirt up and her panties down then sat on the toilet incase she had to pee more soon. She sat crying softly, waiting for her bladder to decide what it was going to do. Surely enough, a few minutes later, the urge to pee came back and she relaxed her bladder muscles as a slow but steady stream of urine poured out from her opening and splashed into the toilet below for about 15 seconds before coming to a dripping halt. Konata let out a sigh of relief and wiped herself clean with toilet paper before flushing it with the urine.

She pulled up her wet panties and let her skirt fall around her slender legs then went over to the sink to wash her hands and wipe her eyes. Konata heard the bell ring outside the bathroom, signaling the end of 1st period followed by the sound of students pouring out from the classrooms and crowding out in the hallways. She looked down at her skirt and saw the wet spot that had formed around her hands then an even bigger wet spot on the back of her skirt in the mirror. Both spots have now dried up mostly and were just darkened stains but it still looked quite obvious that she wet herself so she had to think of something, and quick. “My sweater... but it's in my bag, which I left it in the classroom.” Konata remembered. “How can I go out of the bathroom looking like this?” Konata asked herself when the door to the bathroom opened. She immediately covered her wet spot with her hands before realizing who it was.

“Looking for this?” Kagami asked, holding up Konata's bag.

“Thank you Kagami, I'm sorry... for...”

“Don't apologize Kona, it happens to everyone sooner or later.” Kagami interrupted.

“I guess so...” Konata replied as she pulled a dark blue sweater out of her bag and tied it around her waist to cover up her pee soaked skirt.

“I wet my bed this morning... then I wet myself again in the same hour. That's why I didn't get much sleep last night.” Konata admitted to Kagami with an ashamed look on her face.

“Oh Kona... you just hadn't had a good day at all did you?” Kagami put her hand on Konata's shoulder.

“You could say that.”

“Don't worry about it, Kona. Me and the other girls will always be here for you no matter what.” Kagami said as she hugged Konata. A smile came to her face and she hugged back, feeling a lot better that she had the support of her friends.

“Thanks Kagami.” A now cheerful Konata said as she pulled her bag over her shoulder.

“Come on... let's get to our next class.” Kagami said with a smile and both girls walked out and met up with Tsukasa and Miyuki.

###

Hope you enjoy this next chapter. Comments and constructive criticism welcome. Again, I am taking requests for more omorashi scenarios for this anime.

Chapter 1

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

*002*2010-08-19 20:55

{{:

Woot! x3 Awesome =D I love it ^__^

Well done =3

}}

Thanks. Oh, congratulations on moderator btw :].

*004*2010-08-20 00:07

Sorry for the title change once again. I decided to rename it to Unlucky Star since I am going to be doing different characters besides Konata.

In the works:

Unlucky Star chapter 3: Kagami and Konata get held up somewhere (not sure where or why just yet) and Kagami ends up desperate and wets herself.

New anime story ideas:

- The Desperation of Haruhi Suzumiya. I will probably start off chapter 1 with Mikuru as the "star" and Haruhi doesn't let her leave their SOS Brigade meeting to use the toilet.

- Omomanga Daioh. This is of course a play on words from Azumanga Daioh. Not sure what I would want to do yet but I really like Osaka so maybe I'll start with her

*006*2010-08-20 04:24

{{:

Great chapter! I thought it was put together very well.

A piece of advice would be to never forget physics when you're writing. Try to imagine it happening it front of you, as well as you being the one doing it. This is primarily to capture physical aspects such as where the stain would occur.

Oh, and the name change was a good call. Great pun.

Hope to see more soon.

}}

Thanks. I thought it was a good name too lol. I think I may try a different approach to my writing and put the main character in 1st person instead of 3rd so I could speak as if it's me... maybe that would work better you think?

*011*2010-08-20 21:14

Thanks for the comments, lol. I'll have to re watch these animes first so I get a better understanding of the character's personalities

*013*2010-08-22 03:10

{{:

Very nice story...I enjoyed reading it.

Too bad I've never seen Konata in actual anime. :(

}}

Shes awesome, I love her, shes the most attractive anime chick that I've seen lol.

