The Disastrous Trail

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2024-01-31 17:08

It was almost noon when Alex came out of his apartment. On his way out, Alex saw a huge sign that read "Out of Service" taped to the elevator doors. Luckily for Alex, he lives on the third floor, so going down stairs wasn't a problem for him.

He made it to the first floor and went straight to the mailbox to pick up his mail. She had received her electricity bill, there was also a letter that seemed to belong to her grandmother, who was already living in a nursing home, there was also an invitation to a wedding that was from an old friend, and also junk mail.

As Alex checked his mail, he heard someone rushing into the building. She looked up only to see one of her neighbors. He met her recently, her name was Emily and she seemed to have the same age as him, she was beautiful and very attractive in Alex's eyes. He saw her desperately press the elevator button.

— Emily, the elevator doesn't work.

— What? Ouh... Thanks for the info.

He saw her open the door to the stairs and disappeared from sight. Alex didn't think much of it and went back to reading his email.

When he finished reading, he prepared to return to his apartment, but something caught his attention. When he reached the third floor, he noticed that there was a strange trail of stains on the stairs. These spots appeared to be poop, and a semi-solid poop because of its porridge-like appearance.

More than disgusted, Alex was curious. He looked back, but saw no stains on the rest of the stairs, so whoever had had the accident was going up and not down. He climbed the stairs, following the trail.

As he progressed, the spots seemed to get a little bigger, causing his curiosity to increase. He was intrigued to know who had been the unfortunate person who had had this mishap.

The trail led him to the seventh floor of the building. He opened the door and followed the trail until he reached apartment 702. There, outside the door, was a mound of semi-solid, solid poop.

He knew who lived in that apartment. It was Emily who lived there. He wondered when that happened and remembered seeing her come running.

Perhaps, Emily suffered a bout of diarrhea when she was outside, and when she came back she was at her limit. That would explain why she seemed so desperate for the elevator to come.

Alex didn't want to make Emily uncomfortable by trying to interrogate her, so he turned around, ready to leave.

— It's look like you saw it — he heard a female voice behind him.

Alex turned around, looking at Emily, who was wearing different clothes than she was wearing when she returned to the building.

— Sorry, I was just curious about the trail, I didn't know that...

— Don't worry —Emily said in a calm voice, her cheeks flushed—. Since you know, would you mind helping me clean?

Alex raised an eyebrow.

— I know it's my mess, but I don't think I'll be able to clean it up by myself before someone notices, and I don't want to bother the cleaner.

— Oh, right.

— Thank you very much, Alex.

Alex grabbed some cleaning supplies and started cleaning the stairs that had the least mess, while Emily took care of the mess on her floor. Alex bumped into a few others while cleaning, and he only replied that he didn't know whose mess it was, but that he wanted to help the cleaner.

When he finally finished, he went to return the things he took to Emily. When he went upstairs, he saw that Emily had already finished cleaning, but she was nowhere to be found. Alex just knocked on Emily's door and left things in front of the door. Wanting to return soon to the tranquility of his apartment.

. . .

As Alex finished taking a shower, someone knocked on his door.

— I'm coming! — He shouted from the bathroom.

He quickly dried off and tied the towel around his waist. He went to the door, muttering under his breath that he wasn't being left alone on his day off. As he opened the door, his slightly frown turned to an expression of surprise and embarrassment at the sight of Emily.

— Can I come in? — She asked.

— Yes.

Emily smiled at him and walked into the apartment. Alex closed the door and tried to calm down a bit.

— You can sit on the couch, I'll go get dressed — Alex said.

— Sure.

Alex went to his room and put on a black t-shirt with blue shorts. He took a deep breath and went outside to tend to Emily.

— And what brings you here? — Alex asked.

— I wanted to thank you in person for your help earlier — she replied.

— Oh, it was nothing. Really.

— I'm thankful you were the one who discovered my mishap. Anyone else would have made fun of me and wouldn't have helped me.

—Well, I thought it was weird, but I know this kind of thing can happen to anyone.

"Besides, I'm afraid of karma and I know that if I make fun of something like that, it will probably happen to me too" Alex thought.

— Seriously, thank you so much Alex.

— I told you, it was nothing, you don't need to thank me.

— But I insi... Ouh~

Emily brought her hands to her stomach, and her cheeks flushed with embarrassment.

— Hey... I'm sorry if I look reckless, but... I need to go to the bathroom!

Not letting him speak, Emily ran to the bathroom and locked herself in there. Alex approached worriedly, but before he could even ask what was going on, he heard some thunderous farts, and how the poop fell into the toilet.

Alex walked away from the bathroom and back into the living room. He stood there for a couple of minutes, waiting patiently for Emily to come out.

When she finally came out, he saw her with a flushed face and she didn't look at him.

— Everything is fine? — Alex asked.

— Sorry, I left the bathroom very stinky.

— Oh, don't worry about that.

Emily smiled nervously and sat down on the couch.

— I'm sorry about that. I felt really sick to my stomach today.

— Don't worry, and you don't need to explain yourself either.

— You see, this morning I went out to a coffee shop to see a friend. But she couldn't get there and left me standing.

— That's too bad.

— Yes. Then As I waited for her not knowing she wouldn't come, I felt a cramp. But since I was waiting for my friend, I didn't go to the bathroom, thinking she would arrive at any moment.

After almost an hour of enduring cramps and gas, my friend calls me, saying that she had a problem with her husband and that she couldn't come meet with me.

A little angry, I got up and went to the bathroom, only to see that it was under maintenance. Without a second thought, I ran back to the building, as aha, I had been holding on for a long time.

But the cafeteria wasn't very close, so even though I was running, it took me too long to get back. And since the elevator wasn't working, I had to take the stairs. I tried to hold on, but when I reached the second floor, my body stopped struggling. From the third one, my panties couldn't hold everything and it started to overflow.

The biggest problem was when I got to my apartment. I struggled with the lock as I made a vain effort to hold on. In the end, it didn't do any good to get to the bathroom, as I was already done. So I just cleaned up, changed, and went get cleaning supplies. The rest you already know.

Alex remained silent throughout the story, not wanting to make Emily uncomfortable with any inappropriate comments he might accidentally make.

— I'm sorry that happened to you.

— Don't worry, it wasn't your fault. And again, thanks for the help.

— Hey, you're my neighbor, and I'm more than happy to help.

— Even if it's wiping my poop off the floor?

They both laughed a little.

— Yes, even if it's that. And you don't need to thank me.

— It's a pity. I planned to ask you out on a date as a thank you, but if you insist...

— You know what? A date seems like the perfect thank you to me.

— Well, is that all right tomorrow afternoon?

— Yes. As long as you feel better in your stomach.

— Not bad. Have my number to keep us in touch.

Emily wrote her number on a piece of paper and handed it to Alex before leaving.

When Alex was sure Emily wasn't around, he screamed with excitement. He had gotten a date with Emily, the girl he thought was so nice and attractive. Alex couldn't be happier.

