Alice’s fantasies - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Guest Omo writer

*000*2022-11-10 05:15

Hey, I’m a writer who enjoys writing nsfw content. I’ve been coming here to read the fiction for a few weeks now and decided to post a story of my own. Please keep in mind that I am only here to read and write stories so please only message me if you want a commission. Thank you!

This is my first omorashi story. I understand that it probably is not very good, and I would really like to know how I can improve and what is good about it. I hope you enjoy it at least a little.

——————————————————

Alice’s fantasies

Alice was sitting in class, diligently working on her exam when she suddenly got the very strong urge to pee.

She smiled and pressed her thighs together. The 3 20oz coffees she drank 2 hours previously had reached her bladder, and she was going to hold it in for as long as she could until she wet herself.

Alice had both an omorashi and a humiliation fetish, and her fantasy all throughout middle and high school was to hold in her pee until she had no choice but to wet herself in front of the whole class and get made fun of by everyone. Now that she was in college and away from home, which took away the worry of her parents being contacted, she decided that it was the perfect time to live out her fantasy.

She kept tried to keep working on the exam but her full bladder was making it too difficult to focus. She squirmed around in her chair, imagining how good it would feel to release into her leggings in front of the 50 students in the exam hall and the professor. The thought of everyone looking at her in shock and disgust, and then making fun of her in the halls later really turned her on.

After 10 minutes of her squirming in her chair and trying to focus, the urge had grown a lot stronger and Alice felt a dull ache start to permeate in her bladder. She kind of regretted drinking so much, if she had drunk less, she would likely be able to hold out longer. Still, she was going to hold for as long as possible until she had no choice but to wet herself.

Clenching her pelvic muscles and hunching over slightly, Alice wondered if anyone else in the class shared her fetish. Like most people, she often fantasized about her crush. In her case, it was a guy named Lucas who sat 2 rows ahead of her. She frequently found herself imagining him as a dom, who would make her drink lots of water and then forbid her from using the bathroom until she finished a certain task, or better yet, a daddy figure who make her wear diapers in public and call her his little girl.

Although she had never done any experimenting with age regression, Alice loved picturing herself as Lucas’s pampered and spoiled little girl who we would put in a diaper and call ‘daddy’s baby.”

Alice’s daydreaming made the ache in her bladder grow stronger, which brought her right back to reality. She gritted her teeth winced from the pain in her bladder. It had now been 20 minutes since she first got the strong urge to pee and her pelvic muscles were starting to tire. But she wouldn’t let herself release just yet, she had to keep holding.

She started rocking back and forth as she grit her teeth. I shouldn’t have drank so much, I shouldn’t have drank so much. She thought, fighting to keep her pee in. Her bladder was in agony now, and her face was bright red.

“A-Alice? Are you alright?” The girl behind her, Claudia, tapped her shoulder. “You seem awfully agitated.”

“I-I’m fine.” Alice answered right as her bladder spasmed and a little bit of pee leaked out into her panties. She jumped up surprise, her face scrunched in pain.

She needed to release, sweat was prickling forehead and she was devoting every muscle in her body at this point to not wet her pants.

“A-Alice?” Claudia asked again nervously. “I-I need to go!” Alice practically howled desperately. Inside though, she was very turned on.

At that moment, the floodgates opened and Alice released her stream into her panties. Orgasmic tingles of relief washed over her as her piss streamed down her pant legs and onto the floor.

“Ah-Ahhhh!” She moaned loudly from relief as every student in the room turned to look at her, expressions of shock on their faces. Alice smiled slightly, her stream slowly thinning out into drips.

“Ungh...” She breathed, now feeling immensely satisfied. Her love juices were mixed in with her piss, creating a wonderful sticky mess in the crotch of her panties.

“G-get down now!” The professor yelled out, clearly too shocked to speak in full sentences.

Alice burned with humiliation as she walked down to the professor’s desk, past rows of whispering and disgusted looking students. She knew her reputation was ruined and she would become known as the weird girl with poor bladder control, but that was precisely what made her pussy tingle with arousal.

THE END!

