HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 12

Author: frostyjr2

*277*2015-09-06 16:25

CHAPTER 36

EPILOGUE

The long weekend had finally drawn to a close, and it was now time for Megan and Sarah to take their leave of Dartmoor Manor. As Lady Daghly accompanied the two girls out, they saw that Cervin had already brought their Mercedes sports sedan around. The doors were open and he was placing their bags in the boot, but there were now two extra suitcases alongside.

"I've had a few things prepared which you'll be needing in your new position with the company, Ms. Morgan. And as for you, Ms. Parker, I couldn't help but notice just how much you seemed to enjoy your vintage clothing, so I've taken the liberty of asking Cervin to pack a few extra items for you in addition to what you're both still wearing."

Lady Daghly said this with just the faintest trace of a smile, and a corresponding sly smile crossed the butler's lips as he bowed his head, once more the not-quite obsequious servant.

As the girls seated themselves in their car, Cervin closed each door in turn.

Lady Daghly gave them a smile and said, "We shall all meet again quite soon, I imagine. But now, I must ask you to excuse me, for I have a great many details to attend to."

At this last, she waved a slim hand in farewell and then both she and Cervin abruptly disappeared from view, leaving Megan and Sarah alone now.

As Sarah put the large silver Mercedes sedan into gear and pressed the accelerator, her mind was still reeling with the events and revelations of the weekend which had just passed. The car rolled rapidly down the winding path towards the gate with the two girls silent within, the only sound being the throaty roar of the engine. This remained the case for quite some time, unusually enough.

Finally, as they were out on the main road heading back towards London, Sarah glanced over at the beautiful girl sitting in the passenger seat beside her.

As the realization finally dawned upon Sarah, she began to see her lover in a new light.

"Megan, you were already on the team, weren't you? So you knew about this all along..."

She looked at Megan again more intently now. "And you didn't tell me..."

"I could have told you," Megan replied with a little smile. "But then I'd have had to kill you."

<THE END>

When orango and i first started working on this i never dreamed that it would be two years and many bouts of emotional turmoil later before we would be able to bring the tale to its conclusion, and many developments along the way were as much a surprise to us as they may have been to you, believe it or not.

In some strange way, these characters seem to have a life of their own, and i find myself just recording things as they happened...

We both thank you for staying with us for all this time, and Megan, Sarah, little Erica and all the rest of them bid you 'au revoir' for now, with a promise that they will return at some point in the future.

As i said at the beginning, i'm honoured that orango permitted me to collaborate with him on this latest M & S story, and i'm eagerly looking forward to our next bit of work together.

Thank you all for your time, your attention, and your kind comments as well as constructive criticism along the way.

<3,

Frosty and orango

