Megan and Sarah, Public Humiliation

Author: orango

*000*2012-10-23 19:07

This is my second story. This was also posted on Experience Project so I'm sorry if any of you have read it before. Personally, I wasn't as happy with this one as I was the first, but I still had fun writing it. I'm looking for ideas for a third. Would everyone prefer a straight desperation/wetting story, or is the lesbian twist good? This story sort of follows on from the first one, but don't worry if you haven't read it, it doesn't really matter. Thanks for looking and let me know if you enjoy it.

###

As Megan started to stir from the best few hours sleep she had ever had, she became aware of Sarah's eyes gazing lustfully at her. It took a few moments for her hazy mind to remember what had happened, but once it did, a large smile grew across her face. She gazed back at her best friend, now her lover, and embraced her tightly in her arms. As they hugged, their legs becoming intertwined, they caressed each other’s naked bodies. Megan's skin felt soft and supple as Sarah ran her fingers down her spine, feeling and squeezing her firm bum. With her knee she gently parted Megan's legs, pushing up to feel the soft warm skin of her perfectly smooth vagina.

As Sarah pushed closer, their bodies pressing tightly together, Megan pulled suddenly away and sat upright. The all too familiar ache from her bladder was signalling that she needed to pee again.

"Sorry, it's not that I don't want to, it's just that I need another wee!" Megan whined as she bounced up and down, laying a hand over her bladder.

"I don't think so babe. I've been lying here watching you sleep, dreaming of all the things I'm going to do to you when you wake up.” Sarah said, giving Megan a wide mischievous smile. "Get dressed; Its only 7:30 and the evening is young. I'm taking you for a nice meal for our first official date. Oh, and don't even think about peeing!"

With a hint of nervousness, Megan caressed her stomach and looked longingly at the closed bathroom door at the top of the stairs. Although not totally beside herself with desperation, she doubted her ability to hold it so soon after her last desperate ordeal. However, not wanting to disappoint Sarah so early on in their relationship, she reluctantly nodded her head in agreement.

As they climbed the stairs, Sarah pushed open the bathroom door and sat her naked body down on the toilet. In a second, before her cheeks had even touched the seat, a loud hissing stream of pee gushed from between her lips, hitting the water with such force she could feel it splashing back up onto her bum.

"Hey, that's not fair! I need a wee too!" Megan protested, crossing her slender legs and bending at the waist. Although not as full as she was just a few hours ago, the sight of Sarah peeing was almost enough to make her start spurting hot urine straight onto the floor.

“I said you’re not allowed to pee. I never said anything about me!”

Pushing out the last few drops and wiping her pussy dry, Sarah flushed before leading Megan into the bedroom. Opening the wardrobe, Sarah picked out a lemon yellow summer dress for Megan to wear. Then, quickly finding her underwear draw, she rifled through until she discovered a sexy thong and matching strapless bra. Handing them to Megan, she sat on the edge of the bed and watched her get dressed, fantasizing about running her tongue over every inch of her body. Megan stepped into the thong, pulling it up her long gorgeous legs until it was tight against her body. Made with barely enough fabric to cover her vagina, the outline of her lips could be clearly seen clinging to the thin material. As she clipped on the bra and slipped into the dress, Sarah was mesmerized by the flawless beauty of Megan's body, fantasizing about what she would do to her later. The dress was very short, coming down just far enough to cover her bum, and flowed flawlessly around her womanly curves.

“Perfect!” Sarah exclaimed, eyeing her up and down. "You look amazing!"

Having come to Megan's house straight from work Sarah didn’t have a change of clothes, but Megan kindly let her borrow some of hers. Picking out an equally provocative black dress, Sarah got changed while Megan subtly pee danced on the spot. As she waited, she fantasised about relaxing and letting the pee hiss from her crotch. She hoped Sarah would let her go soon, but knew from the glint in her eye that it probably wouldn't be for a while. Although she had discovered that holding her pee turned her on tremendously, she didn’t like the idea of wetting herself in public. She would have to hold it in at all costs while out or she would never live down the shame.

Having applied makeup and lipstick, the 2 girls called a cab and left the house looking drop dead gorgeous, the full length of their legs on show. Megan glanced longingly back at the loo before slamming the front door shut. As they climbed into the back of the taxi, Megan tried not to openly hold herself, but couldn't help giving her vagina a quick squeeze. Bouncing her legs up and down to help her hold back the flood, Megan was still slightly embarrassed by the situation. Having just shared the most intimate moment of her life with Sarah, she thought she would feel more at ease, but nerves were getting the better of her.

As the 20 minute journey to the restaurant got underway, Megan jiggled and tapped her feet, but holding on seemed easier now they were out and about. That said, her bladder still felt utterly bursting and sent a dull ache through her lower body, making her feel very uncomfortable. If she had the choice, actively looking for somewhere to pee would be at the top of her list.

Sarah was loving the show. Every now and then she would notice the subtle, and sometimes not so subtle, actions of a girl who was in definite need of a long hard pee. Her jiggling feet, the subconscious stroke of her tender bladder, her sharp intakes of breath when they bump over pot holes, were all things that drove Sarah wild with desire. And when she saw her holding herself, squeezing her fanny through her tiny thong, Sarah's pussy started to salivate with arousal.

Pulling over just a short walk from the restaurant, both girls got out of the taxi and walked hand in hand to the restaurant. There was a short wait for a table, so Sarah ushered Megan over to the bar to get some drinks.

"Red or white?" Sarah queried. "Or are you a beer drinker?"

"A glass of white please ... and a quick trip to the loo?"

"Not yet. I might let you go a bit later, or I might not. We'll have to wait and see!"

Megan didn't like the sound of that. She was very full and starting to feel the desperate urges associated with a bursting bladder. Instinctively she stood with her legs crossed, clenching the tops of her thighs. The barman delivered their drinks and Sarah handed over the cash. Both girls took a long sip of wine, the tensions of the day ebbing away as it slipped down. Megan hadn't realized how thirsty she was and gulped down another mouthful. Catching the eye of the bar tender, she ordered herself a large glass of water. She knew she was playing a dangerous game, but couldn't help feeling thirsty. Besides, Sarah wouldn't actually make her wet herself, would she? Surely she would be allowed to wee soon?

20 minutes passed and Megan's bladder had stretched and expanded in her abdomen, her desperation reaching a level that sent stabbing pains through her tummy when she moved. Finally, they were called to their table. Megan finished up her tall glass of water and followed behind Sarah, taking small steps to avoid bumping her now absolutely bursting bladder. As they sat down, Megan crossed her legs and sat hunched forward, hands in her lap. Glancing over the wine list, Sarah ordered a bottle of house white for them to share. The wine was delivered and 2 large glasses were poured by the waiter.

"I really am going to have to go to the toilet soon, I'm busting!" whispered Megan.

Sarah outwardly ignored the comment, but on the inside she was melting, her pussy becoming moist at the thought of Megan's thong, and how sexy it would look with a small wet patch on it. She watched for the subtle signs of desperation and wasn't disappointed. Megan was showing all the classic signs of a girl in big trouble. Squirming and bobbing in her seat, Megan was really desperate. She glanced around for the loo, spotting it in the far corner of the dimly lit restaurant, and felt slightly more at ease knowing it was there. Her head was starting to feel light, the effects of the wine beginning to take hold. Wine always went straight to her head, but also straight to her bladder, which now felt at absolute capacity. Her legs shook and her body shuddered as she held back a wave of urgency.

Wanting to enjoy the evening and rid herself of her nerves, Megan sipped at the wine, enjoying the feeling of the alcohol as it washed over her body. Starting to loosen up, the conversation was flowing freely, which is more than could be said about the pee that was begging to be released. Finally after what seemed like an eternity, the waiter came and took their food order. Unable to sit still, Megan wriggled around in her seat, wishing she could give herself a quick squeeze. Feeling right on the brink of spurting, she clenched her legs, desperately trying to squeeze her pussy lips together. Unable to concentrate on anything except her aching bulge of urine, she had become quiet, all of her thoughts focused on containing the ever growing pressure. She was utterly bursting, her bum trembling and her legs twitching. With all the waiting around, they had both polished off their second glass of wine and were starting their third.

“Sarah, I really need a wee. I’m going to wet myself soon!” Megan whispered as she ground her pussy hard into the front edge of the chair. Squishing her lips beneath her felt so good, but she was drawing strange looks from the other diners. She couldn't help it, it was the only thing keeping her thong dry.

“Wait another 5 minutes and I’ll let you go.” Sarah responded, having no intention of fulfilling that promise. “I’m going to go myself. You wait here and keep an eye on our stuff, and when I get back, I’ll let you go”.

Megan smiled weakly and said “I’ll try and hold on until then, but I'm bursting!” She didn’t like how close to the edge she was, especially in such a public place. She could feel over a litre of pee stretching her bladder wall, pushing down on her weak sphincter, only just being contained by her quivering muscles. She strained against the persistent pressure, feeling like at any second it could all come bursting out of her and she’d be powerless to stop it.

Sarah stood and made her way slowly over to the toilets. Still unsure at this stage how she would stop Megan from using the loo, she hoped the answer would come to her soon. As she entered the toilet, she was delighted to find only a single cubicle, an idea coming into her mind.

As Megan sat at the table her bladder was throbbing, the only thing preventing a leak being her sheer determination to not completely humiliate herself. She had drawn the attention of some of the other diners as she rocked and fidgeted, sighing and moaning under her breath. She clutched the side of the chair, digging her nails into the wood. If only she could hold herself, she felt she might be able to wait. Unfortunately, in the middle of a busy restaurant that was completely out of the question. Instead, taking shallow breaths and sweating under the strain, she longed for Sarah to return so she could finally go and release her pee. While Sarah was in the toilet, the food was served and the waiter topped up the wine glasses, emptying and disposing of the bottle.

What was taking Sarah so damn long? Taking small mouthfuls of food, Megan moaned and shivered as her pee tried desperately to burst through her lips. The wave of pressure continued to build and her pussy contracted and shuddered in response to her clenching muscles. Her poor desperate body was shaking for relief, her muscles quivering and taught, straining to hold her wee inside for just a few more minutes. Then, without her even knowing it was about to happen, a tiny jet of urine hissed from her fanny and squirted into her thong, moistening the fabric a little. Megan instinctively sat bolt upright and clutched her aching pussy. Pressing hard against her hole, she pushed the crotch of her thong up into her folds, the wee from the fabric transferring onto her fingers. She knew this was the beginning of the end. She had to hold it in until Sarah got back.

Sarah emerged from the toilet, a big grin on her face. Sitting back down at the table, she could see Megan was in a really bad way. She looked pale and was visibly shaking. She sat awkwardly in her chair, bobbing up and down as her bum cheeks clenched and unclenched in rapid succession.

“I can’t hold it any longer, it’s coming out!” Megan whined, much louder than she had intended. Without waiting for a response she stood up, half bent over, and trotted over to the toilet, her high heels clipping across the hard wood floor. Swinging open the door she stood motionless in the doorway, horrified by what she saw. The only toilet was overflowing, full to the brim with toilet paper, water cascading all over the floor. Her jaw dropped open in disbelief. How could she be so unlucky twice in a single day? Feeling like a naughty schoolgirl, the thought of just peeing on the floor went through her mind.

She was so absolutely desperate, her bladder full to bursting with hot golden liquid. The floor was already soaked, what difference would a little extra wee make? Gently letting the door close behind her, she inched down her thong a little. Holding her dress up above her bum, she squat down and spread her legs. This felt so wrong, but the relief would feel so good. Her lips began to part, her urine just a heartbeat away from jetting out.

Suddenly, the door swung open and the waiter rushed in! He had seen the water cascading from under the bathroom door and was swearing and cursing under his breath. Megan shot up from her squatting position, desperately trying to cover herself as she struggled to pull her thong back up. Oh God she had to pee! Barging past Megan, he fumed as he evaluated the damage. Megan stood stock still, on the verge of dribbling down her legs, unsure what to do. Moments later, the waiter asked her to leave while he cleaned up the mess and called a plumber. Spinning around on her heels she slowly made her way out of the toilets. She couldn’t help but press her fingers into her damp thong; it was the only thing that would hold back the deluge of urine.

There was no chance she could make it back home, even if they left now. In fact, just seconds away from leaking, she didn't think she had time to even make it back to the table. Utterly desperate and at the end of her tether, she had to find somewhere to release, even if it was only a little bit to ease the pressure. In a panic, she looked around for a quiet spot, somewhere out of view. Spying an empty section of the bar around the corner from where everyone was sitting, she trotted over and perched on the edge of a tall stool. Making sure she wasn't sitting on the back of her dress, she looked around, hoping nobody was looking. Even if they were, it was too late to change her mind. In anticipation of release, her pee was on the brink of squirting out.

She couldn’t quite believe what she was about to do, but she had no choice. It was either this or completely humiliate herself. With her hands trembling, she reached down between her legs. Hooking her fingers around the crotch of her thong, she pulled it to one side, exposing her clenched trembling pussy. With her other hand she spread her lips, teasing them apart to reveal the soft pink skin of her inner labia. Her urethra was now fully exposed, a tiny glistening hole between her vagina and clitoris. Before she knew it a half second jet of pee squirted out before she could stop it. Spraying up the side of the bar, the droplets dribbled down the wood. Relaxing just a little, another spurt flowed out, more powerful than the first and a little longer, about a second. As it splashed against the side of the bar, the droplets ricocheted back spattering her legs.

Suddenly, hearing a flurry of activity behind her, she desperately tried to stop a third spurt, clenching her muscles as hard as she could. Releasing her lips they folded back together, meeting to form a perfectly symmetrical slit between her legs. The urine continued to trickle out, flowing down the length of her lips before dribbling onto the bar stool. Fearing she would be seen, she quickly released her thong and let it snap back over her fanny, the fabric dampening before she managed to completely clamp off the trickle. Behind her, the waiter had emerged from the toilet and scribbled "Out of Order" on a sheet of paper before taping it to the bathroom door.

She still felt utterly bursting having released only a tiny amount of liquid, but psychologically she felt marginally more in control. She was desperate to let more out, but couldn't take the risk. She stood up and began to slowly walk back to the table, hoping nobody would notice the pee dribbling down the bar, or the wet patch on the stool. Her muscles were clenched with all her strength and her tummy bulged, her dress hugging the contours of her protruding bladder. Shuffling her feet along the floor, she couldn’t help courtesying before she sat back down.

“You did that on purpose didn’t you!” Megan whispered, referring to the blocked loo.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about!” protested Sarah. “But seeing as the toilets are out of order, you might as well hold it for me. What other choice do you have?”

Megan knew Sarah was playing with her, and they both secretly loved it. Megan always liked being dominated and controlled; she just wished it didn’t involve being in so much pain. Her bladder felt heavy and solid as she picked at her food, several times her wee coming to the very brink of jetting out from her clenched vagina. Rocking back and forth in the chair, her legs crossed and jiggling, she struggled against her body's needs. A further 20 minutes passed like this and Megan was no longer hungry.

“Please can we go home, I can’t wait any longer.” Megan suddenly blurted out, reaching down and squeezing her pussy before realizing she was in public. She quickly withdrew it, laying it gently on her distended abdomen instead.

“You can go when I give you permission and not a moment before” was the stern reply, but Megan’s body had other ideas. Straining against the burden of her bladder, another wave of desperation brought tears to her eyes as her pee racked body fought for control. Under colossal pressure, another half second jet of urine shot from her girlhood straight through her underwear, spraying in a line on the chair before trickling back between her legs.

“Please, please let me pee” Megan begged, “It’s really hurting. Please.” she whined. “I can’t hold it”. Her bladder was screaming for release, now a massive solid lump inside of her. The pee she had released had already been replaced several times over, the wine and water quickly passing through her body.

Sarah was so aroused she thought she might cry. She loved watching Megan struggle. Perhaps it was just her imagination, but she swore she could smell the unmistakable scent of fresh urine. Giving in to Megan's wishes, Sarah got up and left enough money on the table to cover the bill. As Megan stood to a half bent over position, her bladder pushed down like a lead weight inside her abdomen. She winced as she followed, starting to sob quietly to herself as the intense feeling of desperation made her whole body throb, pain shooting up through her core on every footstep.

They left the restaurant, but Sarah had no intention of taking her home. “Where to next? The night is still young! What about a night club?” They were in a busy part of town, still bustling with people even now at 10:30. “Follow me, I know a place”. Taking hold of Megan's trembling hand, she pulled her along the road.

They both began to make their way slowly up the street. Megan’s body was wrecked, her whole world focused on the tiny hole between her legs. “I need a toilet. Just get me to a toilet, quickly. Please, I’m begging you.” she said, her voice trembling and trailing off. Her body was desperate to urinate. Her bladder was stretched to absolute capacity, no more room to expand in her small frame, bulging out and straining against her dress that was now tight around her abdomen. As her kidneys kept forcing droplet after droplet of pee into her distended organ, an equal amount began seeping through her trembling sphincter, dribbling down her urethra and jetting out from her fanny in short but frequent spurts. Her bladder felt as if it was at breaking point, contracting and spasming under the immense pressure, trying desperately to force out over 1.5 litres of liquid.

At the pinnacle of the pressure, just before each small trickle squirted through her quivering lips, she shivered and goose bumps formed on her skin. She was about to start weeing, her muscles unable to hold back the bulge of pee inside her straining body. Her whole body shuddering under the strain, her bladder could take the punishment no more. Slowing her footsteps to a stop, she froze, unable to walk any further. The fabric between her legs was sopping wet and felt warm against her pussy, unable to soak up any more liquid. A streak of pee was beginning to snake down the inside of her thigh, dribbling slowly towards her knee. Bending over and double crossing her legs, she felt all of her pee on the brink of surging from her wet lips. She was about to completely humiliate herself in front of dozens of strangers.

Sensing that Megan was about to totally bust, Sarah pulled at her arm, dragging her into a shop doorway. Out of sight from the crowds of people, Sarah plunged her hand down inside Megan's thong and buried a finger inside the folds of her vagina, her outer lips closing around it. Finding Megan's pee hole, she pressed up gently but firmly, blocking the escape of a gush of pee that was on the brink, begging to be let out. Megan's pussy felt wet and extremely slippery as Sarah moved her face closer to Megan's, leaning in for a long passionate kiss.

Megan's hips bucked and thrust against Sarah's hand, her body desperately trying to squeeze out the urine from her obstructed urethra. As they embraced, each of their tongues caressing the other, Megan began to relax as the wave of desperation passed it's peak and started to ease slightly. Sarah could feel Megan’s tormented body shaking, and felt her pussy straining and contracting against her finger as she fought back the incredible volume of wee inside her.

"If you can’t hold it, I’ll hold it for you. Are you back in control?" Sarah said, taking on a low serious tone. "I'll be very disappointed if you pee now, especially seeing as you've already done so well."

Megan couldn't speak, her voice getting stuck in her throat, but instead nodded, not even convincing herself with the answer. She had never seen Sarah's serious side before, but she loved it already. To her surprise, Sarah started to inch down Megan’s thong, all the time maintaining the pressure on her urethra. Once at her ankles, Megan carefully stepped out of it, completely succumbing to Sarah's wishes. Taking the thong in her free hand, Sarah squeezed the wet crotch, droplets of warm pee dribbling between her fingers. Stuffing it into her handbag, she licked her fingers clean, the taste of Megan's pee making her clit pulse, a micro orgasm surging through her genitals.

"Ready for me to take my finger away? You back in control?" Sarah asked the insanely desperate Megan.

Megan nodded and felt her pee hole become suddenly exposed, a few droplets of urine leaking out that had already entered her urethra. Desperate and straining to hold back the flow, her naked pussy felt cool as the air circulated around it, seemingly caressing and stroking at her labia.

"Please let me do another quick squirt. If I can let a little out I'll be able to hold it longer for you." Megan said, tears welling up in her eyes. She bent over 90 degrees at the waist and started massaging her slick vagina with her fingers, arm between her thighs. As she was bent over, her dress had ridden up at the back and her naked bum and pussy were clearly visible from behind. From the reflection in the glass door, Sarah could see her fingers furiously working and kneading at her sopping wet lips.

Without even being able to wait for permission, another jet sizzled straight from her lips, shooting out behind her for almost a second. It sprayed with enough force to travel several feet before splashing up the side of the shop door. She clamped her muscles shut and pressed harder, jamming both hands into her trembling contracting fanny with all her might.

"No more squirts! That's it, I mean it! If you can't hold it on your own, I'll have to find a way of helping you" Sarah demanded. Sarah really didn't want this to end, but knew Megan wouldn't be able to wait much longer. She had noticed her bulging bladder, realising it was sticking out even more than it had been earlier when Megan's muscles had completely failed her. She knew she must be at her limit.

"I'll ... I'll try and hold it in for you. I'm so desperate..." said Megan, unable to even finish her sentence. Half straightening up, she limped forward, pain surging through her body. Bringing her right knee up she squeezed her leg over the left in a half courtesy, clamping her girlhood shut with her thighs as she prepared herself for the short walk to the nightclub. She could feel her bum cheeks trembling as she got herself back under control. A few moments later she was as ready as she was ever going to be.

Smoothing down her dress around her curves, still only just covering her bum, she put one foot tentatively in front of the other. They emerged from the doorway and slowly made their way towards the nightclub, Megan in absolute agony. She so badly wanted to please Sarah, but her desperation for the biggest wee of her life plagued her mind and tortured her poor frantic body. Having released the small spurt in the doorway, she could now at least hobble along the road without her urethra spurting and dribbling. Releasing those few mililiters of pee seemed to have helped, but her bladder was still filling fast.

On arrival at the club, they were greeted by a short line of people waiting to get in. As the girls joined the end of the queue Megan whimpered to herself, unable to stand up straight. People were looking at her strangely, and on seeing the bulge in her tummy, assumed she must be in the early stages of pregnancy. Bouncing up and down and double crossing her legs one way and then the other, it quickly became obvious to everyone that she was about to wet herself. Megan was now truly coming to the end of her holding marathon, all of the muscles in her lower torso stretched almost to breaking point and quivering under the tension. Her bladder felt like a basketball as she tried to support it by cupping her hands underneath the swelling.

Just as they neared the front of the queue, another wave of desperation screamed through her body, her bladder containing more wee than it had ever held in her whole life. As she shuffled forwards, Sarah squeezed her hand and mouthed “Not long now, hold on”. Her pee hole was stinging and her tummy ached, her vagina now dripping with excitement at the thought of what Sarah might have planned for her. Her lips felt engorged and tight as wave after wave of urgency came over her. She needed relief, unable to take the pain any longer. Nearing the door that was guarded by the club's bouncer, she felt her lips part as another small hiss of urine streamed out, squirting down between her legs and splashing against her high heels. Bending over again she caressed her bladder bulge, desperately trying to calm her spasming muscles.

Unknown to Megan, her short dress had ridden partially up her bottom and her bare salivating fanny was now winking at the guy queueing behind her. Silently he admired her pink folds, glistening in the light, watching it contract and pulse as she fought for control. Her moist inner lips were now just visible, poking through her silky smooth labia. Transfixed, he stared as a small dribble of urine bubbled out from her lips and dripped to the ground, trailed by a long string of love juice. He felt himself stiffen before Megan stood partially upright again, her pussy returning to its hiding spot between her legs.

“Oh, please hurry, please … please, I’m busting” Megan moaned, digging her nails into her thighs to distract herself from the pain of her bladder.

When the bouncer finally let them through, the 2 girls walked over to the counter to pay the entrance fee. Whilst stood at the desk, the receptionist giggled at Megan.

“You’d better take your friend to the toilet, it looks like she’s about to pee herself” said the receptionist, snickering and looking Megan up and down. "Actually, it looks like she already started!" the receptionist corrected, spying a wet streak beginning its journey down the inside of her leg.

Sarah thanked her but Megan was oblivious, unable to concentrate on anything except her aching wee hole. Making their way to the toilets, Megan’s fanny spurted and dribbled, urine leaking from her urethra in small squirts. Pee trickled into her shoes which started to feel damp around her feet.

On reaching the bathrooms, Megan's heart sank as she saw a line of at least 20 women queueing out the door. Stopping in her tracks, all hope of not being forced to wet herself in public evaporated. Leaning against the wall with her hands buried in her pussy, she started to sob, not caring any more about who saw her. "Help me hold it Sarah, I'm losing it! I can't wait any longer" Megan cried.

Pulling Megan into a darkened corner, Sarah's wildest sexual fantasy was playing out right in front of her eyes. The most gorgeous girl she had ever seen was about to completely pee herself, an almost constant trickle of urine starting to dribble down her long sexy legs. Suddenly, Sarah remembered something in her bag that she thought might prolong Megan's hold. As Megan moaned and jiggled, pee dripping from between her fingers as she clutched at her fanny, Sarah quickly rummaged in her bag and pulled out a compact vibrator.

“I never go anywhere without it”, she said to Megan with a smile. Parting Megan’s legs a little, she teased her engorged clitoris before gently sliding it fully up into her wet vagina. Megan's pussy contracted and throbbed around the device, her lips and vaginal wall stretching around the full circumference of its wide girth. At it's base were small bunny ears that extended out on a discreet arm. Sarah positioned the ears so her erect clit was sitting snugly between them, protruding proudly from its hood. Megan still felt on the verge of completely wetting herself, the contents of her enormous bladder pushing down hard against her sphincter. Feelings of pleasure started to spread through her genitals, and the tidal wave of pee bearing down inside her was intensifying the sensation.

"To help the vibrator stay in there, put this back on”, Sarah said as she handed back Megan her now cold damp thong. Doing as she said, Megan pulled her underwear up so it was tight against the device. The vibrator was buried deep and securely inside her body.

“And the best part is that I’ve got the remote control!” giggled Sarah as she pulled a small wireless remote from her bag. Flicking the switch to the "max" setting, Megan's vaginal intruder hummed noisily into life. Instantaneously she felt a spasm of pleasure surge from her clit and travel up through her body, making her desperate ballooning bladder ache as her muscles twitched and squeezed. For the first time in her life she didn't think her pee ravaged body could cope with an orgasm, but she so desperately wanted one anyway. The stinging pain was overwhelming, but the mounting feeling of pleasure was mingling with it, creating the most intense sensation of pleasurable pain she had ever experienced.

Her legs buckled under her and she slid slowly down the wall, squeezing her eyes shut and caressing her hands over her bladder bulge. The tenuous boundary between pleasure and pain was then completely washed away, the building orgasm engulfing her entire body. In absolute and total desperation, her lower body a mess of convulsing and spasming muscles, the vibrating suddenly stopped as Sarah flicked off the switch.

"Sorry, I don't want you to come yet!" whispered Sarah. "How are you feeling?"

Megan thought this was a pretty stupid question, but humoured her. "My bladder feels rock hard, and the only thing stopping me from wetting all over the floor is this" she said, pulling her thong aside and pointing to the vibrator that was protruding slightly from between her trembling lips. "And if you don't let me come right this second, when I do wee, I'll make sure I fucking drown you in it!"

Sarah contemplated this for a second, feeling that if she were to die, that would absolutely be the best way to go! She adored Megan's new found fiestyness, her own clitoris twitching at the thought of being smothered in Megan's urine.

The pleasure pulsating through Megan's pussy gradually receeded from the lack of stimulation, the torture of the heavy swelling in her abdomen once again assaulting her every sense. Stinging and throbbing, it pounded in her abdomen, pulsating and straining from the huge volume of wee that it was containing.

"I have to let my pee out" Megan half pleaded, her mind snapping back to thoughts of urination. Although she had stopped spurting, the sensation of total desperation was just as powerful as ever. In actual fact, the pressure of the device against her girlhood was squeezing her urethra shut, doing almost as good a job as a well positioned finger.

"But the line is so long. Lets go and get a drink and then come back and queue up." insisted Sarah. Megan was becoming wise to Sarah's plotting and knew that things wouldn't be that simple.

Getting onto her knees before pulling herself up, Megan wasn't able to stand up properly. Her bladder, which was now holding nearly 1.7 litres of wee, wasn't just painful, it felt like it would explode if she even tried to stand up straight. Instead, half hunched over, she hobbled into the main hall of the club, the booming music assaulting her fragile bladder. Even her dress, which at the start of the night hung loose around her curves, felt tight around her abdomen.

Reaching the bar, Megan could no longer make sense of her surroundings. Her whole existence was focussed on having a wee. As she dreamt of the toilet, of hissing her massive pent up load into the white porcelain bowl, her head swooned and her legs wobbled beneath her. Leaning against the bar she brought her right leg up behind her and squeezed her thighs with all her strength. The feel of her stretched lips tight around the vibrator sent a shiver up her spine, another pulse of pleasure shooting through her body.

Suddenly, with a fresh glass of wine in hand, Sarah started leading her towards the dance floor.

"Wait, the loo is back that way! I'm busting! I have to pee right now!" Megan shouted above the music, but her trembling voice was lost amongst the noise.

The club was heaving, full to capacity with hundreds of partygoers. Leading her into the heart of the dance floor, Sarah forced a path through a sea of moving bodies. Being pushed this way and that by dancers, Megan's bladder twisted and contorted inside her as she was bumped around. Shooting pains surged through her body, her bladder screaming for release.

In agony, she knew she had to get off the dance floor or she would pee herself right there. Her wee hole was burning, the only thing stopping the floods of urine from busting out being the phalace inside her tight pussy. Just when she thought things couldn't get any worse, the flailing arm of an over zealous dancer pranged her abdomen and sent a squirt of wee into her urethra, before it dripped slowly through her constricted hole. Doubling over in pain, Sarah continued to drag her through the crowds towards a small dance cage that was luckily empty. Sarah's evil plan was coming together! About 5 feet off the ground, the cage was constructed on a pedestal with steep steps leading up to the opening. Taking her up the steps, Megan was now oblivious to her surroundings, unable to concentrate on anything except her stinging bulge of urine.

Just as they climbed into the cage, Megan felt her lips suddenly start to buzz, the vibrator springing into life as Sarah flicked the switch to "low".

"Oh please, not now. It hurts so bad", whimpered Megan, her head feeling dizzy from her mammoth desperation. Instinctively, she brought her right leg up and squeezed her pussy between her thighs, which just intensified the vibrations.

Suddenly comprehending exactly where she was, Megan could feel hundreds of eyes gazing at her. The crowds of people gathering around looked up at the girls, enclosed in the small dance cage, positioned just above the centre of the dance floor.

Megan froze in a panic. With nowhere to hide, her body strained against the foreign object inside her tight pussy as it massaged and vibrated her clit. Frozen in fear, Megan was unable to move as Sarah started dancing around her, sexily caressing and undulating against her body. Her bladder contracted and pee started to leak past her tired sphincter. All hope of a simple private wee abandoned her, knowing it was about to happen and there was nothing she could do to stop it. The vibrator was making her pussy tingle, pangs of pleasure and pain once again shooting through her body.

Flicking the switch to "max", Sarah was ready to send Megan over the edge. All eyes in the club were on them, and Sarah was loving every second. Megan looked odd, standing there stock still as Sarah gyrated around her. She stood slightly bent over, her legs crossed, bending at the knee. Her eyes were squeezed shut trying to block out the nightmare. Her whole body was threatening to explode, pee desperately trying to force it's way through her engorged fanny.

As the vibrator kicked up a gear Megan shivered in delight and pain. "Please don't make me do this" she whimpered, knowing full well that no one could hear her.

The crowd below cheered and shouted, loving Sarah's performance. Dance, dance, dance, they chanted, but Megan couldn't move.

As a powerful tumultuous orgasm started to build and spread through her vagina, the pain in her bladder intensified, reaching the point where she feared she might black out. She could see stars in her field of vision as the wave continued to build, all of her muscles tensing and contracting. At its peak her legs started to give way, but she stopped herself from falling by clutching onto the mesh wall of the cage with her fingertips. It seemed to peak for hours as she desperately tried to hold back the orgasm, all too aware that hundreds of pairs of eyes were watching her.

As she squeezed back the explosion of pleasure, the world around her began to slow down, her vision blurring and the music fading into a quiet whisper. Suddenly she felt all alone, completely blocking out the nightmare all around her. The only things that existed in her world now were the huge aching bulge of wee in her abdomen, and her tingling contracting clitoris. Her bladder felt like it was tearing apart, but she could stop herself coming no longer.

As the first wave of orgasm ripped through her, terrorising her distended abdomen, her body couldn't take the intense pain. Sliding down the wall of the cage so she was sat on the floor, she desperately tried to stop coming, clutching at her bladder, fearing another orgasmic surge could actually make it burst. Her bladder contracted and contorted as her body desperately tried to empty. Losing control of her muscles, her sphincter involuntarily relaxed, unable to hold back the wee any longer. As the second and third wave of orgasm swept over her she convulsed and bucked, searing hot pain shooting through her abdomen. She could feel her body desperately trying to push out the hot pee, but the wide girth of the vibrator was still squeezing her urethra shut.

Tiny dribbles were trickling from her constricted urethra instead of the mighty torrent that should have been exploding out. Writhing around on the floor as the orgasm thundered on, she desperately needed give her bladder more room. Rising up so she was on her hands and knees, she knew the only way to end the torture was to get the vibrator out of her. She had to pee, right now. As pulse after pulse of pleasure soared through her genitals, she reached back between her legs and ripped the thong down her thighs, just far enough to expose her quivering buzzing lips. Desperate to remove the device and finally let the wee flow from her quivering fanny, she dropped to her elbows with her bum in the air, her vagina on show in all its glory.

In an instant, as the final wave of her orgasm made her pussy shudder and contract, the vibrator was ejected from her slippery lips, shooting out behind her and tumbling through the air before hitting the far wall of the cage. Her inner lips remained parted and her pee hole was now fully exposed. Her urethra twinkled in the light as a small droplet of urine dribbled out and trickled over her clit before dripping to the floor. Then, starting as a trickle and growing into a powerful hissing jet, Megan was in ecstasy as pee finally began to squirt from her lips.

Some people below were sickened as a golden arch sprayed from Megan's pussy, raining into the crowd and spattering them. One guy, however, was loving the show. The same guy that was behind her in the queue was right at the front of the crowd, mesmerised as he watched the golden liquid flow through the air. The warm droplets falling down around him, he opened his mouth, tasting the sweet salty liquid as it hissed straight from between Megan's lips.

For several minutes her wee spurted and spluttered. As she pushed harder, Megan's pee bulge was visibly shrinking as her bladder emptied, her lips vibrating under the force of the stream. As she peed, an even greater feeling of pleasure spread through her body. Her clit still pounding, the feeling of relief mingled with the start of a second orgasm that started to build in her clitoris. In a moment, her pussy contracted as another thundering orgasm crashed down over her. Not afraid of this one she embraced it, feelings of pure ecstasy washing over her body. Her stream of wee danced and quivered through the air between contractions before finally coming to an end as the orgasm died away.

Megan suddenly found herself back in the middle of a crowded nightclub. The music getting louder in her ears and her vision returning to normal, she collapsed onto her side, utterly exhausted and ashamed.

Sarah scooped her up from the floor, supporting her under her arms. Climbing out of the cage and quickly making their way out of the club, they hailed a cab and went back home.

The memory of that night would stay with Sarah for years to come. In her mind she was already planning their second date, dreaming of all the evil ways to torment poor Megan's bladder. Megan, on the other hand, was planning revenge. A revenge that would be very sweet indeed.

*002*2012-10-25 16:10

Thanks Lovegirl, I really appreciate that.

*004*2012-10-26 13:34

Thanks dolodi. I don't mean to sound needy, but positive comments are really nice to hear!

*007*2012-10-29 22:39

Thanks kokandra123 and GemmyRose, your great comments mean a lot. I'll get started on a new story soon.

*010*2012-10-30 21:34

Hey Bedwettingchik12 and pockii, thanks for your positive comments, they really inspire me to keep writing. It's really liberating to hear that other people enjoy the same things I do. I've been lurking around forums like this one for years and never actually contributed anything until recently. I'm wishing I got more involved earlier. Thanks again.

*017*2013-02-26 18:50

Thanks for the great comments, they're really appreciated and unexpected. Frostyjr2, I'm really honoured to have been the one to get you hooked on this site! Both of my stories were originally written for myself and focus on the things that I personally find sexy, so it's great to know there are lots of other people out there that share my passion. A third story is in progress, but work and family have kind of slowed things up. I'll post it as soon as it's ready. Thanks again everyone!

*019*2013-03-28 18:50

Thanks everyone! I agree Yuugi, this one wasn't as good, which is kind of why I'm taking my time with the third instalment. I'm trying to come up with a unique scenario - some compelling reason why Megan can't get to the bathroom, but something that hasn't been written about before, and something that's believable. However, I'm not sure if that's even possible with so many amazing stories already posted on this site. We'll see ... I'll keep writing it and see where it leads. Thanks again for those amazing comments!

