Our first date

Author: Apan

*000*2014-10-02 15:24

Hello everyone and thanks by the way for all the nice feedback on my previously posted experience about the homeward busride. Like I said, I haven't witnessed too many desperation scenes throughout my life, and certainly none of that magnitude. So what can a poor boy do except to sing for a rock'n roll band? Why, make something up of course. I was actually tempted to post this one in the 'experiences' section just in order to check its authencity, but nah, that would be dishonest. I'll spoil it a bit by outing it as a fiction (elements of which is based upon real experiences though, but only elements) right away. To make it a bit more authentic I've written it in a sort of meta-anecdotical way, i.e. featuring a fictional backdrop to a fictional story. Hope you like it.

###

Once I had a girlfriend who at the time was highly into fashion and bloggings about it and naturally very stylish and I myself couldn't quite believe how someone like me could land a chick like this. She admittedly had (in my view) quite good taste in music however, among other things, and we were both into retro stylistics overall. Plus, she had a thing for beards and musicians, two boxes I could safely tick in, so that probably sparked a few feelings right from the start. It could have ended right at our first date though, but what happened then proved to actually bring us closer together. This story is partly based upon my direct memory of the events occuring and partly her own retelling of the experience much later on. At the time she was much too embarassed to ever recall it but time did smoothen out her confidence enough to provide me with certain details about her experience.

We both lived in one of the bigger cities here upnorth and had met during a gig one night and decided to hook up on a date about a week later. It was early evening, perhaps around 5 or 6 pm, I don't quite remember, and it was a beautiful spring afternoon. She was a bit shorter than me, around 1.65 meters, with shoulder-length brown wavy hair and big brown eyes. She was stunning for the day, wearing a light peach-coloured wide-collared blouse unbuttoned at the neck, a tight-fitting hight-waist grey cotton skirt reaching down to the top of her knees, light brown pantihose and heels. Over it she wore a dark blue blazer-like jacket. Like I said, she was kind of a fashionista so she could make anything look good on her. And little did I know that however sweet she looked right now, by the forthcoming events of the evening she would look ever sweeter.

We met up at one of the squares in town and went to a restaurant as beforehand decided. We were both a bit shy, and I for one couldn't help being quite insecure in the grace of her beauty so I didn't dare make any explicit moves as of yet. We walked side by side on the pavement, small-talking and she shyly smiled at me while chatting as we approached the restaurant about 1 km away.

We got into the restaurant and she cast a quick glance around the entrance lobby. I found out later that it was her first attempt to locate a bathroom to excuse herself into, as she was ever so slightly starting to need it, although not desperate by any means. We entered the main area and sat down for dinner. I always get a bit uneasy facing restaurant menus since I've never been a food enthusiast. I remember ordering some meat dish and also it being quite dull, but the main point for the visit obviously wasn't to get nourished. We ate, drunk and chatted for about half an hour after which I recall her shifting a bit in her chair. She didn't give away any facial expressions of her upcoming state though, but I learned from her telling later on that had she been alone, she definitely would have visited a loo at this point.

We lingered around the table for a coffee and still a bit more talking for yet another half hour. She told me a bit of her own travel experiences and I of course laid down upon her my musical ventures in various bands. I really started to like her beyond the mere exterior and she seemed to enjoy my company as well. Her occasional fair smile underlined this impression. By the last quarter of an hour before we left she definitely was shifting in her seat, occasionally slowy rubbing her knees up and down against each other. Still no sign of worry in her face though.

Eventally I called for the bill and we rose from our seats and headed toward the exit. As we headed out the door she actually excused herself to the ladies in order to "check her makeup" or something. She was very shy about admitting needing to pee and wouldn't give it away if she didn't have to. She disappeared around the corner of the small hallway leading into the restrooms. When she rounded the corner she saw that it was occupied as there was one person in waiting for it as well. She sighed and bit her lip as she mildly rubbed her legs together as she waited out the occupant. It took about a minute or two of waiting when she decided that she no longer would get away with "checking her makeup" and thus decided that she would have to wait for another opportunity later on. She was definitely needing the loo by now although it was still manageable, but she also reckoned that the mineral water and coffee certainly would change that within the next hour.

She returned and at the moment I reckoned that she had been to the bathroom, something which I already kinda assumed by her preceding squirming while sitting at the table. We walked toward the cinema which was about a km away. She started being concerned about finding a toilet as her need increased by the minute. She was discreetly keeping her legs together as she walked. She had her arms folded as we talked our way through our walk to the movies. I was walking by her side and couldn't believe how lucky I was to be with such a beautiful girl. If I only had known just how lucky I would get. She was a bit worried about the fact that she couldn't discreetly get to a bathroom and relieve herself without having to announce it. She really didn't want to break it to me that she needed a toilet and in hindsight I find it extremely exciting that she was so shy and 'all dressed up and nowhere to go', so to speak.

We got to the cinema and joined the ticket queue. She stood with her arms still folded with her legs tight together, slightly moving them against each other. As we approached the ticket counter she began looking around, obviously for where the toilets could be. She hadn't been to that particular theatre before and didn't know where they were. She still didn't want to confide in me of her rising need but was beginning to feel nervous about not finding a toilet and unnoticeably sneak into it.

My subsequent image of her standing there in her stylish clothing, worried about not being able to get to a restroom and too shy and proud to announce it was really turning me on. What if she doesn't find a toilet anywhere and eventually loses it in public and wets herself in front of me and dozens of other people? No, of course not. Proud as she might be she wouldn't allow herself risking such a devastating disgrace, not being such a sweet and elegant young lady and definitely not on a first date. She would eventually find a restroom if the need rose to such a risky level.

We got into our seats in the middle of a row quite upfront and she looked around a bit nervously. The film would last about two hours. During the film she felt that she really should get up and go as she became worried about whenever she would get the chance to encounter a toilet the next time if she didn't go now. But we were stuck in the middle of a row and that meant she had to get past quite a few people which, coupled with that she had to break it to me who obviously would be wondering where she was going, still was too embarassing. So she decided to wait out the movie, despite her desperation reaching a level at which she was unable to sit still. She sat with her legs crossed and sort of rythmically squeezed them together while mildly hotching around in the seat. At the moment I didn't think much about it since I assumed she already had been to the bathroom at the restaurant.

After the movie she excused herself again, by now approaching a frantic level of desperation, saying she wanted to check herself out in the mirror. She went to the restrooms only to find a line of about 10 women waiting for the single stall. She bit her lip and joined the line, carefully crossing her legs. The line moved slowly and by the time she was down to about the 7th in line it had been almost 10 minutes already. She was probably wondering about what I would think about her being away so long so she finally took a gamble and gave up the queue and hoped for an opportunity to go at a pub, a public restroom or somewhere of that kind. She was really uncomfortable anyway so she thought it better to find somewhere else to get rid of her upcoming emergency.

She returned with a slightly worried look saying "Can we get moving?" with a bit of hesitation in her voice. She was still too shy to admit her ever-growing need even though she was really desperate by now. She had to clench her groin muscles hard and couldn't quite keep still while standing trying to look casual. We talked about where to go next as we hadn't anything planned from now on. I sugggested we go to a pub for a beer to which she delightedly agreed. She spotted a new chance to relieve herself.

###

To be continued...

*003*2014-10-10 08:58

Part two

###

We got to the pub and I ordered us a pint of Newcastle each (another common share in taste). We sat down at a table by the wall and I gently stroke her on the leg under the table to check her status of attraction. She responded with a cute smile but she was slightly shaking her leg up and down and her smile was not thoroughly at ease and anyone could have seen traces of worry in her expression. She took my hand under the table and we definitely bettered our connection there and then, but by now she couldn't keep still on the chair. She squirmed and hotched around nervously and she later told me that it felt like the only thing she could do by then to keep from starting to wet herself at the table. I didn't notice it then but she perpetually grinded her knees against each other under the table while moving about on the chair.

We continued talking while finishing our pints, by which time we had been there for over half an hour and she felt the malt getting straight to her bladder which made her really worried. She just had to visit the bathroom or she'd have an accident very soon, so as we made our gestures to leave she said "Wait here, I'll be back in a moment" and squrried away to the back of the pub where the restrooms were located. To her absolute horror there was a sign on the door that it was out of order and she crossed her legs hard while crouching down before it.

She had put all her bets on it being free for use but yet another option was gone in vain. She returned to me waiting by the table, shyly biting her lip and wrinkling her forehead in worry but I didn't ask about it, mainly because I honestly felt that bathroom visits was of her own private business and wether it was the motivation of her detour or not was not for me to enquire in. I assumed that her being the strong woman she appeared as, she would take care of her need whenever it rose.

We seemed to hit it off as the evening turned into night and we held hands while walking around for a bit around town, but in hindsight I do remember her taking rather small steps and always keeping her legs tight together in the process. She later told me that she hadn't been so desperate in her whole life (apart from one time by which she actually ended up having an accident, which made her all the more worried by now, but that's another story) and yet she couldn't bring herself to tell me and suggest we find a bathroom somewhere. We actually passed a public toilet toward which she glanced longing looks of anticipation, but there was a couple of girls outside it pulling the door which obviously was locked.

I dared asking her if she would like to follow me home and she said yes, albeit with a nervous gasp in her voice. At the moment I reckoned her being cold or something, maybe due to the chill spring evening in combination with her thinly veiled legs and her exposed neck under the partly unbuttoned blouse, because by now I was confident that she actually liked me, which I found out afterwards that she did by the way. We headed for the bus stop from where bus was to leave in about 15 minutes. There was a few other people there as well and she stood with her arms folded in front of her while rapidly rubbing her legs against each other. She bounced slightly every now and then and had gone quiet, so as to ease her ambiguous discomfort I said "It'll be here soon and then it's just about 10-15 minutes until we get to my place". She hesitantly replied "Mhm..." and cast a worried look toward me. I asked her if anything was wrong but she stiffly replied "No, it's just... I'm just a bit cold...".

I found out later that her mind was by now working overtime to find out to where and how she could excuse herself to the closest bathroom and she looked around while trying to cross her legs without it being too noticeable. She felt her bladder being at its upper limit and that its contents was about to come out. She felt a spasm which prompted her to sligthtly bend down with her legs twisted hard in a fashion that finally alerted me that coldness might not be the only thing that caused her squirming. With no idea just how bad it was I was still getting a bit excited over the prospect of her needing a toilet but assumed that it wasn't that bad since she hadn't said anything and supposedly already had been once during our date. I didn't enquire in it either.

There was actually several places in the area with possible conveniences, one being a nearby restaurant and she pondered upon the notion of heading for it but at least two things kept her from doing so. One was that she felt it too embarassing as she thought that she had to ask for permission to use it as she wasn't a customer, one was that the bus was only about 5 minutes away and she didn't want to risk delaying our night for such an embarassing need. And once again she wouldn't want to let me on that she was so desperate that she couldn't wait until we got home in just about 20 minutes, sounding like a helpless kid or something. Somehow she convinced herself that she could hold on for just a little bit longer, trying to shove off the notion of her bladder eventually getting so full that the pee wouldn't have anywhere else to go than out of her and into her clothes.

She actually was so shy that she didn't dare admitting her desperation even when at the brink of totally flooding herself. She stood with tears forming in her eyes and her legs tightly crossed when she suddenly stiffened with a silent gasp. Despite her efforts of holding, a big spurt came out with an audible hiss, forcing itself out and forward from between her tightly crossed legs and soaked through her skirt and running down her legs, leaving clearly visible streaks in her pantihose.

She stood with her legs crossed and hands gripping the side of her thighs, tears welling up in her eyes, rapidly uttering in a panicked voice "I have to go to the bathroom!!". She had reached her definite limit and she knew it. Her only hope was to find a toilet NOW! She half-ran away while twisting her legs and one hand holding herself through the skirt toward a nearby restaurant while spurting pee which ran down her legs, leaving a trail of drops on the ground. Well inside she ran straight for the toilet located inside a small hallway leading in from the main dining area, and as she reached for the bathroom door she felt her bladder contracting and instantly knew that she would start wetting herself before reaching the toilet. She began crying in panic, but it was nothing compared to the panic she experienced when she tried the handle and realized it was occupied!

She desperately pulled the handle and banged on the door while crossing her legs hard and bending down while holding herself with the other hand through the skirt in a desperate attempt to hold back the flow. But it was a dead end; she began peeing full force through her crossed legs, pantihose, skirt and fingers. She frantically tried with all her might to save her at least some dignity and keep the pee inside until she could get herself onto the toilet bowl, but all options were out. She had a full-blown accident, wetting herself completely in front of me and tens of restaurant guests witnessing her total humiliation. She cried and cried and still tried to hold back the relentless flood soaking her skirt, legs and shoes, leaving a big puddle on the floor.

She stood in her half-bent cross-legged position with one hand on the wall and the other buried in her crotch wetting herself for maybe one and a half minute. It went everywhere, thoroughly soaking her skirt and pantihose and even spraying sideways from the back hem of her skirt and legs onto the floor. She was devastated and inconsolable, crying in absolute humiliation. My emotions there and then were mixed, to say the least. On one hand I felt so sorry for her but on the other hand she was the sexiest thing ever right now and my excitement knew no boundaries.

When her accident finally was over and she came to grips with what she had done she leaned onto the wall and buried her head in her folded arms in front of her face and continued crying. I had no idea what I was supposed to do but I approached her and put my arm around her, trying to tell her her that it's okay and lead her away from the restaurant and the people there. I really didn't want more people than necessary to see her in her soaked clothing. I led her out and into a dark corner outside, trying my best to console her.

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry" she sniffled between her sobbings, "I just couldn't bring myself to tell you I had to go, I held it for so long".

"It's ok" I replied, "It happened now and there's nothing we can do about it. Let's get you home now, I'll call for a taxi". I offered my jacket for her to cover up her accident while we waited for the taxi. Of course we had to explain to the driver about the circumstances but I came up with a half-successful story of her slipping into a puddle of water, hence her wet lower part. She calmed down on the way home to her apartment and I assured her that I didn't care about her mishap for the night and that I really liked her and wanted to see her again. She was still a bit upset though so I just followed her to the door and kissed her goodnight. She sniffled and smiled at me and agreed to keep in touch for a second date sometime soon. I made sure she got inside before I left for the night.

To make a long story short, we did meet again and it all led to a relationship that lasted just about two years so the accident wasn't that fatal after all. In fact, I did later confide in her my excitement over her wetting incident and over time, like I said in the beginning, she did fill me in on the details of her desperation on several occasions when the subject came up. One time when it did, she actually laid upon me another story of a time at the university when she found herself in a similiar situation, but more on that later.

###

