Victorious

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-06-10 08:58

So this is a one shot story and one of the few fanfictions I will write that don't consist entirely of OC's. That is all, enjoy.

The bell for final period in Hollywood Arts rang as Sikowitz entered the classroom, barefoot as usual. The class all sat in their chairs, awaiting another unusual lesson from the odd teacher. The lesson was on improvisation and went on rather uneventfully, which by Hollywood Arts Standards, was rather odd. Finally the bell rang dismissing the class but Sikowitz had other plans.

"Good Gahndi!" He declared. "I almost forgot! Tomorrow I want to continue this lesson, however I want to make it interesting." He said.

"Interesting how?" Jade asked.

"Half of you will choose a name and a challenge out of these two hat. Tomorrow the person you choose will be your partner, and the challenge is something you must act through." He said.

"I'm up for that." Tori said. She pulled Cat's name and the challenge to hold her pee the entire day of school until after her scene. Andre got Beck and no sleep the night before and Jade got Robbie and not eating breakfast or lunch.

"I don't want to work with this loser." Jade complained.

"No one does." Rex piped in.

"How do you know we actually do our challenges?" Andre asked.

"You're on the honor system, which basically means private investigators are too much money." Sikowitz replied.

"Aren't our challenges a little harsh?" Tori asked.

"Aren't our challenges a little harsh? Don't they go against school rules? Isn't there laws about this?" Sikowitz mocked before taking a drink from a coconut. "Class Dismissed."

As the group departed Jade stopped Tori and Cat. "Feel like making this even more interesting?"

"Interesting how?" Tori mimicked Jade's earlier question.

"Starting now, is the last time you pee, and I eat. The rest of the day, we carry out our challenges."

"I have a tiny bladder." Cat squeaked.

"This doesn't concern you Cat." Jade snapped.

"Ok." Cat squealed.

"I don't know..." Tori trailed off.

"Are you chicken?" Jade asked.

"My brother had a chicken, until he ate it." Cat muttered.

"Cat!" Jade cried. Cat yelped and quickly left.

"How will you know if I really didn't pee, I could just pretend." Tori pointed out.

"You aren't that good of an actor." Jade laughed and turned to leave.

"Fine. Tori muttered as she head for her home.

The next day Tori was amazed she hadn't wet her bed, let alone made it all the way to sixth period. "After this, I just got to do a scene and I can pee." Tori muttered under her breath as she made her way to Sikowitz classroom with her hands on her crotch through her light blue skinny jeans. Her legs trembled as she walked into the class and took her seat shortly before class began. She began to cross her legs tightly and kept her hands jammed into her crotch despite other students noticing. Next to her, Cat wasn;t fairing much better. SHe had her hands under her short red soffe as she bounced her legs up and down.

The other students went first, leaving Tori and Cat to go last. FInally they got the stage and were told to improvise a scene of a modern day Romeo and Juliet, with Cat playing Juliet and Tori playing Romeo. The two reluctantly began to imrpovise a scene, though both were doubled over with their hands in their crotch.

"Hey Romeo." Cat struggled to talk.

“Oh hey…” Tori tried to muster a smile as she remained in her earlier stance, though now dancing from foot to foot.

“You spend this whole time, staring at me when you think I’m not looking and that’s the best line you can come up with?”

“yeah well, in my defense I wasn’t well prepared.” Tori laughed fighting to keep her urine in.

Julia: “Never get the bird and the-”

Rome: “Funny.” Tori interuppted, getting a few laughs from the crowd.

“How come no one ever lets me finish my sentences.” Cat asked before biting her lip and bending her knees as a spurt of urine entered her white panties.

“Trust me, no one wants to be reminded of that speech.” Tori grit her teeth.

“especially when you’re talking to your child hood crush, or did you think I forgot who you were Romeo?”

“I uh..”

“Honestly all this time at the same school with me, and the same Bio class and you couldn’t even manage to say hi.” Cat began to jump up and down trying to fight the urge her bladder was sending her.

“Well uhm…” Tori was beginning to lose concentration on anything other than her bladder.

“Relax. It’s kinda cute.”

“You think I’m cute?”

“Technically I said the fact you’re nervous is cute, but yes.”

“You’re cute too.”

“Not very smooth are you?” Cat had her legs tightly crossed, her hands firmly placed against her clit, her knees bent and her back hunched as she trembled.

“I can be.”

“Prove it.” Cat whined.

“Well, beautiful… Ok you’re right I suck at this.” Tori said as a spurt or urine escaped her, leaving a barely noticeable wet patch on her crotch.

“Try asking me to dance.” A half dollar sized wet patch formed on Cat's shorts though no one saw it.

“As long as you don’t mind me stepping on your feet.”

"You're a dork. Romeo I have to peeee!" Cat cried as she started shaking.

"Me to Juliet, just hang on!" Tori said looking at Sikowitz who was busy sipping a coconut.

"Too late..." Cat began to sob as the wet patch grew on her shorts. The entire but of her shorts was soon covered by a dark glistening wet patch. Streams of urine fell from her but as she remained doubled over and began to pool around her feet, small rivulets of urine gushed down her toned legs.

"Juliet... Are you ok? Oh!" Tori cried out as she doubled over quickly as urine leaked from her urethra. The front of her thighs were covered by a book sized wet patch. Meanwhile Cat was still peeing herself and crying. "Gah! It's so much harder to hold it watching you pee yourself Ca-Juliet!"

"I'm sorry for the inconvenience!" Cat squealed as her flow subsided and she was left in a puddle of her own urine.

"AHHH!" Tori cried out as more urine slipped out leaving a trail of it streaking down her inner thigh, the fabric darkening where the urine soaked it. She regained control but a long wet patch covered her left thigh to her knee and a small puddle remained between her legs. "well Juliet, looks like we're even." Tori muttered, though she was still trying to control the remaining amount of urine in her bladder from joining the rest.

"Yet they never broke character!" Sikowitz called out. "You may use the bathrooms."

"Too late!" Cat cried and ran out.

Tori on the other hand, still desperately needed to use the restroom and hobbled out as fast as she could. She kept her hands in her crotch as she made a beeline for the nearest bathroom and came upon one. She was at the door when Jade intervened.

"Out of the way Vega, I need to use the toilet."

"Why?" Tori said not straying from the doorway, despite her own need.

"I held it to long!" Jade tried to push past Tori, which sent another short stream down Tori's legs.

"WHy?" Tori said toying with her rival.

"I....like the way it feels." She said.

"What?" Tori asked genuinly uncertain of what she said.

"Nevermind move!" She pushed Tori, which only caused Tori to completely soak herself.

She stood in shock as a loud hiss filled the air as urine rapidly gushed out of her urethra and spilled down the back of her legs, causing dark patchs to streak down to her ankles where the urine slipped into her shoes. Hot pee quickly soaked into the soles and her purple socks before pooling out to the ground below her. Soon a puddle covered the ground between her and Jade and Tori's skinny jeans were completely soaked from urine.

Watching Tori pee herself was more than Jade could handle. Despite crossing her legs, pee escaped her urethra and began to leaving a growing glistening patch on her black skinny jeans and filling her black high heel boots and even streaming from her legs towards the ground where the two puddles mixed and widened until Jade was thoroughly soaked. She gasped loudly as the bell rang and the students emerged from the halls and spotted the two girls with their soaked pants. Laughing ensued as they both ran from the scene to their respective lockers before heading to their own homes to escape the humiliation.

*002*2012-06-10 17:03

{{:

Are you going to continue? That was SOO good!!

I suggest that you follow the main Hollywood arts in a story, jade with her apparent love to hold her pee.. And you can make it to where cat and tori have some bladder damage from their pee holding and follow accidents (Bedwetting if you want to)

I mean that's just a suggestion from a reader with no authorial Skill! So you don't have to do what I say

}}

Thank you:) I'm not sure if I am going to continue it or not, I wasn't going to when I started writing it, but the Jade part wasn't suppose to be in. I added it at the last minute so if I have free time I can continue this. So hopefully I can think of more entertaining plots to continue this:)

*004*2012-06-10 17:12

{{:

Yeah of course that's a big thing- not knowing plot.

But you're welcome :) I'm a fan of victorious

}}

Now that I think about it, I probably will continue this. I just need another reason for Tori to hold herself so that bladder damage is more likely, then from there it will be a running plot about her having a damaged bladder and attending Hollyowood Arts, with a Jade constantly sabotaging her so she can see Tori pee herself. As it has been established Cat already has a weak enough bladder.

*006*2012-06-10 17:23

{{:

Hmm.. Maybe (this doesn't sound like the show) but sikowirz has a sub in class and doesn't let them leave while tori is holding it and that then she just gives up.. That would weaken her bladder!

And uh *blushing* for me uh.. Could you make either cat or tori wet the bed.. Like more than 1 time

Haha if you can squeeze that in great, if not don't worry about it

}}

That's a thought that occurred, but I think if I write it as Jade just being Jade inadvertently causing Tori to wet herself I can get it to work. Great idea! and I definitely intend to have a couple bed wetting scenes.

*008*2012-06-10 19:04

{{:

Fantastic! I would love and appreciate it so much if you continue!

And no, I won't be annoying and always pester you lol I know how long it takes to write more

}}

Thanks, I'm just glad to have someone interested in my story

*010*2012-06-10 20:22

{{:

This was an amazing story and those are all great ideas! I'd love to see Trina wet herself as well.

}}

I had almost forgotten about Trina, if I can think of a way to add her in I will. Thanks for you support!

*012*2012-06-14 23:22

So I hope you enjoy this chapter, next one has bedwetting:)

Tori woke up the day after she wet herself at school, with a slight tug in her bladder. She yawned as she stretched and crawled out of bed, dressed only in blue panties. She quickly stripped altogether and pulled out new clothes for herself: a black thong and a black bra, dark blue skinny jeans, high heel leather boots, and a hot pink t-shirt. She hopped in the shower, deciding to use the bathroom after she ate. She was in and out of the shower quick, then dressed herself and head down for breakfast when she noticed the time.

"Trina!" She cried, realizing she was going to be late for school. "Why didn't you wake me when my alarm didn't go off?" She asked as her sister was making her way out the door.

"It's not my problem." She shrugged.

"I have a field trip today!"

"Big deal." Trina muttered, oblivious to Tori's urgency.

"It's worth twenty percent of my grade." Tori muttered, deciding she didn't have time for breakfast, but instead grabbed a bottle of water and ran out the door. She managed to barely make it to school and made it to her class to find a substitute teacher. She was instantly reminded of a drill Sargent from the moment she laid eyes on him. No sooner had she taken her seat had the bell rang and the man began collecting their permission forms. Moments later they were aboard a two hour bus ride to a ghost town in which a western movie was being shot. They were to observe the movie process from an on-set view.

An hour into the ride Tori noticed that she had to tap her feet slightly erratically to keep her bladder situation under control. Another thirty minutes and she found herself crossing and uncrossing her legs with her hands in her lap, adding slight pressure to her crotch.

She glanced around the bus to make sure no one saw her, but Jade was wrapped up with Beck (I haven't seen the most recent episodes so I don't know if they are still broke up, but I prefer them that way soo..) Andre was staring out the window, probably silently writing a song, or just avoiding the conversation Robbie and Rex were having right next to him, on Tori's right Cat was caught up in all the sights around her and the bibble she wasn't supposed to have.

Tori sighed in relief when they pulled up onto the ghost town in which the movie was being shot for authenticity. As everyone got off the bus she made her way to her substitute teacher to ask for the bathroom. "Hey, can I use the bathroom?"

"There aren't any bathrooms on this set. You can hold it till we go back to the school."

"That's three hours away!" Tori exclaimed.

"Big deal, how do you think these actors manage?"

"Ok." Tori muttered defeated. Though she pondered just how did the actors hold it? Was the teacher flat out lying to her? She didn't know, so instead she just gathered amongst her classmates and crossed her legs while she stood in place. Her need gradual rose as the day progressed till the last scene the class would witness. Then the crew had a problem.

"Okay, so one of our saloon girls couldn't make it, we need an extra. Who wants the part real quick, its just a quick scene." The director asked. Cat and Jade attempted to get the part of course, however there hair was deemed to unnatural for the old west. Then the director noticed Tori. "Hey, what about you?" He asked.

"Oh, no... I have to use the-"

"Non-sense! You are perfect for the part. Come on." Soon Tori was dragged into a dressing room where her modern make-up was washed off and replaced with what would most likely be seen on girls back in the western days. Then came on the old fashioned clothing. She found a corset tightened against her body and she nearly lost control of her bladder, however she managed. Then several moments later she was dressed in what would have one been a very seductive dress. Then she was ushered on stage where she tried to mimic the other extras as they danced in the back ground. The movements helped ease her bladder twinge as the shot the scene until the crew deemed the scene good enough for film use and Tori was dismissed.

She struggled to shuffle her feet to the dressing room, but while the crew was helping her take off her make-up she felt her bladder release some of her urine into her under-dress and her butt grew warm and wet. she blushed brightly but didn't say anything as she stemmed the flow. However as she was forced out of the restricting clothes they discovered her accident.

"Oh dear, you had an accident." One of the stylists muttered. "Well you aren't the first, today that is." Here, you can take these panties and get in your own clothes." The lady said sweetly.

"Thank you." Tori said as she pulled on her street clothes, now wearing new white panties, before heading to join the bus, still noticing the pain in her bladder. She took her seat again, now with her legs bouncing and her gripping the fold of her groin as she hunched over and tried to contain her urine till they got back to the school. She didn't noticed Jade watching her with amusement and she half-heartedly talked to Beck. However Jade had a problem herself as she worried she might be pushing her own limit once again, but ignored the thoughts. Cat on the other hand had been smart enough, (albeit embarrassed about it) to bring herself a heavily absorbent diaper she had already wet in twice.

Tori found herself thinking of the other accidents she had in the past week: Last weekend she had wet herself at a movie, though she wore black jeans that made it hard to see the wet patch, then she wet herself when she was locked outside her house and the time Trina hogged the bathroom and Tori eventually just gave in a few moments before Trina came out and of course the time she wet herself at school for the challenge. Now however she felt as though this time her bladder hurt more than ever, she thought it might be because this time she was holding more water than usual and the other times she released before her breaking point.

Tori gripped her crotch tightly with a joint on her index finger pressed against her urethra when she noticed how clammy her crotch felt after the few spurts she had involuntarily released. Swear was forming on her brow as she was doubled over in her seat, her legs crossed and bouncing as her face scrunched up in desperation. Warmth suddenly spread across her lap in the span of three seconds leaving a decent sized wet patch in between her thighs and on her butt.

She held on for another miraculous thirty minutes when her Urethra felt like it was on fire and her bladder spasm-ed. Hot urine sprayed out around her finger, quickly soaking her butt as it pooled around her leaving a small puddle beneath her. She managed to gain control as the entered the Hollywood boundaries.

She bounced up in down in her seat, sending droplets at Cat who tried to press herself up against the side of the bus as best as she could. Unfortunately Tori couldn't take it anymore. Her legs were still crossed and she was pressing against her clit as hard as she could when the flow began. Hot urine exploded from her urethra and spread across the entire seat, soaking Cat who cried out. Dark streak of urine shot across her inner thighs from her more forceful streams. Soon urine ran down the back of her calves as the puddle began to cascade down the sides of the seats and flowed towards the front of the bus while Tori tried to stop the flow. It was futile, she continued to pee until her bladder was empty.

She sighed as the stream subsided. Soon sighs became tears as she cried. Jade on the other hand smirked despite her rapidly filling bladder, but just when she began to worry about wetting herself too, the bus arrived at Hollywood arts as the school day ended and they all departed.

*014*2012-06-15 02:50

{{:

This is good! Can you do one focused on Jade and make her have an accident?

}}

Thanks for your feedback! while this story mainly chronicles Tori's life it will also involve Jade's accidents as well. However I have no current intent of writing a story mainly focusing on Jade.

*016*2012-06-15 03:12

{{:

Another great chapter! Is Trina going to be the one wetting the bed?

}}

Trina's wetting will come into play the chapter after next, since the story mainly follows Tori I thought it would be weird to switch it to someone else. The bed wetting will occur to Tori. That being said Trina may wet the bed in an upcoming chapter that involves a sleep over.

*019*2012-06-15 19:31

{{:

The more Bedwetting the better!

Omo-Secret, thank you so much!! Great new chapter!!!! I loved that you continued!!!!

It sounds like you already have the next chapter written out..?

}}

You're welcome! and thanks for your feedback. However I don't actually write the posts until the day I upload them since I'm going to get a new laptop soon and my old brother will get mine, and I don't want him to find one of these stories on word. The next post on this story will be up soon though:)

*020*2012-06-16 09:13

My family didn't actually end up doing what we were supposed to so guess I get to write this installment sooner:)

Tori was still in tears when she walked through the doors in her soaked clothing. She caught the attention of Trina who was lounging on the couch when Tori walked in.

"Awe, did my baby sister have an accident at school today?" Trina asked. Tori wasn't sure if she was asking her or not, so she simply said nothing and headed up to her room, pulled out a change of clothes and head to take a shower. She quickly stripped from her soiled clothing and tossed them onto the floor before stepping into the shower.

She quickly turned on the hot water and let it wash over her. She stared up at the shower head feeling disgusted at herself. She spent the longest time wallowing in self pity as the hot water ran down her beautiful body before she decided to clean herself. She decided the hot water reminded her too much of wetting herself so she switched it to cold before scrubbing her body with soap. She felt her nipples harden due to the icy water but ignored it and carried on cleaning herself. Finally she emerged and dried herself off with a towel and got dressed.

She pulled on hot pink panties, the bra she wore that day, the same shirt but different skinny jeans and just pulled on purple socks rather than a new set of shoes. She then went on to lounge in her bed, still feeling miserable for her fifth accident that week. The pain in her bladder was fading but it still had a slight sharp pain. She flicked on her television and decided to keep to herself till dinner. Slowly the pain fled her body and she was finally comfortable around five. Dinner was at seven and she was already getting bored but forced herself to her room as she watched television.

However as time progressed to the time in which dinner would be ready she felt a sudden and intense prickle in her urethra. She lurched forward and her hands shot into her crotch but a spurt already escaped into her panties. She gasped as she sat up her hands forced onto her clit and her desperately trying to stop the urine dribbling out. After maybe a minute she regained control and her urge died out. She was dumbstruck at how fast the urge had come and gone. She simply ignored it and head relaxed again. Her panties slowly dried, however when six thirty came around urine leaked from her bladder without any warning. Tori groped her groin but the flow was already done, leaving a quarter sized wet patch on her pants. She sat on her bed in utter confusion. She found herself racing to the bathroom and quickly placing herself on the toilet with her pants and underwear pulled down. She forced out a small amount of urine, but surprisingly didn't have much left in her bladder.

She brushed the incident off and head out for dinner and sat at the table with her family. She ate in silence, praying Trina wouldn't mention her accident to her parents. Fortunately Trina kept to herself for once.

"So Tori, how did your field trip go?" Her mother asked.

Tori felt herself blush but pushed it off. "great! I was actually a saloon girl extra!" Tori exclaimed.

"What?" Trina asked. "I should have been there! I would have made the perfect saloon girl!" The rest of the dinner went well, Trina never brought up her sister's accident and Tori managed to sneak up to bed without incident. She quickly stripped off her shirt pants and socks before crawling under her covers and quickly descended into sleep. It wasn't long before she began to slowly began to squirm in her bed. At first it was only slight, occasional shifting and the slow crawl her hand made till it pressed itself onto her crotch.

She rolled from side to side with her knees raised til they made a 90 degree angle with her lower abdomen despite her back being slightly hunched and both hands now in her crotch. Her squirming became more persistent as she subconsciously tried to fight her rising urge. She was soon thrashing her legs as she fought her bodily function until her blankets were thrown off of her from her kicking. She rolled back and forth until finally her body completely relax. Her hands fell limp and a dark stain began to form between her legs and began to cover her butt. Soon a hiss was audible in the other wise silent room and her panties were mostly covered by a dark, ammonia reeking stain. Warm urine then began to pool beneath her waist, soaking her pink sheets. The puddle began to slowly become visible as ripples ran through the puddle as it grew from one just covering her groin area till she was laying in a yellow puddle from her mid thigh to her upper back.

She shifted again onto her stomach as the rest of the urine gushed from her urethra and added to the large puddle. warm urine soaked her body, lapping at her bra and she smiled to herself softly from relief until she began to rouse. Her eye fluttered open as she realized she her head was tilted sideways. She smiled at the warmth of the urine, not yet aware of what it was. she enjoyed the warmth till she realized the moisture that it also contained. She furrowed her brow in confusion and lifted herself up and glanced down to find herself in a puddle, seeping into her bed.

"No, no, no no, no! This is not happening!" Tori cried as she leaped off her bed. Her eyes burned with tears. She stripped naked and yanked off the sheets but eyed the wet stain on her bed. She sobbed as she struggled to flip the mattress, glad both sides were functional for laying on. It was difficult to position it right, but as she stared at the soiled clothes and sheets in misery. She sighed and gathered them up, sneaking off to the washer room where she tossed them in. Then she dashed up to the bathroom and leaped into the shower and washed herself off. As she washed off the filth from her body she fell into the fetal position where she remained under the shower stream.

Then she got out, dried herself off then switched the load to the dryer, remained in the room, still entirely nude as she waited for the load awkwardly. When it was done she grabbed it, slipped back on the clothes and replaced the sheet, pulled on the blanket and hope no one would smell the urine scented mattress as she slipped back to sleep.

*024*2012-06-17 05:45

{{:

This is one fantastic story!!!!!! Great Bedwetting by Tori!!!! (will there be more by others? Or more by tori?). I just love this!! I got so excited when I saw new replies for this lol!! Thanks omo-secret!!!

}}

There will most likely be more bedwetting from other characters as well as Tori: Thank you for the feedback, so glad you like it.

