Modern Family

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2014-04-07 00:05

Chapter One

Claire Dunphy awoke to the loud buzzes of her alarm clock, a representation of the beginning of a stressful day, due to the election race heating up. Claire was running for city council to win a stop sign for her road, and was determined to get her way. This meant filling the days closer to the election with television and radio campaigns, as well as visits to the local residents. She looked at the time, and realised she had no choice but to start getting ready. She looked over to see her husband still lying there fast asleep, oblivious to the preparations to get ready that were going on. She sighed and removed her pyjamas, so she was completely naked. As she walked towards the wardrobe, she was aware of her husband wolf-whistling.

'Phil!' Claire scolded, secretly enjoying the admiration of her body.

'I'm sorry honey, but you look super sexy this morning.' Phil replied with the same passion as he had held for all these years.

'Well if today goes well, maybe you'll get a treat later,' she said alluringly, while slipping into some white cotton panties and her bra.

'Good luck today, let's show the city what the Dunphy's are made of' Phil as ever displaying his enthusiasm for the campaign.

'I'm just so nervous, I mean I've never been on TV or radio properly before, and I'm worried that...' Claire flustered while furiously trying to button her blouse.

Phil put his finger to her lips, and then preceded to button up her blouse for her. She then wriggled into her tight grey pencil skirt and put her matching grey jacket on. The two engaged in a passionate kiss, before she went off downstairs to get breakfast ready, while he went back to sleep. She prepared a cooked breakfast for the kids, while going over her notes for the interviews. The kids came down quietly, unhappy with the early start of the school day. Even Luke was zombie-like when eating his bacon and sausages. Claire noticed a great thirst, so poured herself a larger than usual glass of orange juice, almost finishing it in one go. While everyone else went off to use the bathroom and brush their teeth, Claire made the lunches, made herself a coffee, prepared her hair and make-up before continuing to look over her notes. She was about to get up and use the toilet before getting the radio station, when Alex came frantically rushing into the room.

'Mum, Rachael's just texted to say that the bus is broken down. You have to take us to school'

Claire was about to suggest that Phil should take them when she heard the shower turn on. 'Fine, get everyone in the car, I just need to get my stuff ready.' Claire contemplated relieving her bladder, but realised she wouldn't have time to do that and grab all the necessary equipment for her duties today. Unwillingly, she began taking boxes of pamphlets and election stickers to the car, while she tried to forget the slight urge she had to urinate. Surprisingly, everyone was in the car on time, and she was able to quickly drive off to get the kids to school. The journey passed without incident, as Luke kept the family entertained/confused by an elaborate retelling of a dream involving a giant sandwich and some talking dogs, while Alex and Hayley traded bitchy comments about their lifestyles. 

As they left the car, they all remembered to wish their mother good luck, much to Claire's delight. Driving away, she turned the radio on, and instantly felt nervous when she heard the DJ. 'Coming up on Real Radio, we chat with the woman who is hoping to become city councillor, Claire Dunphy. Claire is...' she switched the radio off at this point trying to concentrate on something else. However this led her to be reminded about the slightly more urgent need to use the restroom, caused by nerves and the fact she hadn't emptied her bladder since 11pm the previous night. She passed a diner, and considered stopping to ask to use their facilities, but decided against it, as she was late as it was. She arrived at the radio station flustered, as traffic had held up more than she would have liked, and her need to wee had increased.

'Hi, I'm Claire Dunphy,' she said to the receptionist at the main entrance.

'Hi Mrs Dunphy, we're ready for you to go on air in five minutes.'

'Do I have time to quickly use the restroom beforehand?' she asked, bouncing around to demonstrate her situation.

'I'm sorry, but John would like to go through the questions with you before you go live,'

'Okay no problem' she said, although her bladder was not happy with being denied.

She met with the DJ quickly, and absent mindedly drank her water down quickly, to ease her throat which had dried up due to her nerves. She crossed her legs as she sat, to help ease the pressure of the liquid which wanted to escape her body. The interview went well, she felt she communicated all her points well, especially given her distracting need to pee. However it had ran over by 10 minutes, which meant she was now in a rush to reach her television interview. 'Mrs Dunphy, you may use the restroom now if you like,' the pretty receptionist pointed her in the direction of the toilets. 'I'd love to, but I'm really in a rush for my next appointment,' The receptionist threw a sympathetic glance over, and head towards the bathroom herself, met with jealous looks from Claire. As she drove off, she considered the daunting one hour live debate she was about to have with her rival, with very little chance of relieving her now desperate need for a wee. 

Her paranoid mind was envisaging her poor muscles giving way to allow a flood of urine escape through her cotton panties on live TV, slowly pouring down the chair and dripping down her legs, seeping through the material of her pencil skirt. She imagined the utter humiliation of coming home in urine soaked clothes to her family who had worked so hard to give her the opportunity. Unable to face the prospect of this, she reached into the back of the car at some traffic lights to find a bottle. She removed her knickers and tried to position her peehole over the bottle. However hard she tried, and however much she wanted to, she was unable to urinate, and eventually had to move away from the lights without relieving her desperate need. She arrived at the TV studios almost limping, such was the nature of her need to pee. Again, she was too late to have any chance of using a much-needed toilet, and had to just cope.

'Claire, you are a grown woman, you can hold your pee. You can hold your pee. You can...' she began whispering to herself, before her rival came over, slapping her on the back.

'Claire Dunphy. Well, well, well. I really admire your courage, facing up in front of all these people without any real knowledge of how politics works, all in aid of a stupid stop sign. Don't screw up.'

Not only had the slap forced a bit of wee to force its way through her urethra, it also reminded her of the hatred she held towards that man, and gave her the motivation to go through with the debate. She was somewhat relieved to see the lower part of her body would be obscured by a table, so she could tightly cross her legs without any questioning. The first half of the interview went swimmingly, although Claire had to cross her legs tightly, squirming and digging her hands into her crotch every few minutes. The worst part was when the topic of pollution came up.

'Claire, the river in the town has suffered a great deal of pollution, take a look at this clip of what it used to be like for the children here and what it is now'

The clip featured continuous clips of flowing water, children splashing each other, slow dripping taps, almost as if they'd been placed in just to wind her up. It was certainly working, as a large spurt of urine partially soaked her panties, causing her to gasp. She managed to give a nonsensical answer, while she looked down to check the damage. It still wasn't visible through her grey skirt, but her intimate areas felt hot and sticky, and her bladder ached with the large amount of pee it was still holding. By the end of the debate, it was widely felt that Claire had performed better, despite her desperate need to pee. Her rival tried to hide his bitterness, but stormed off almost as soon as they ceased to be on air. Claire just clutched her crotch with both hands.

'God, I am soooo bursting for the restroom' she cried.

'Oh I'm so sorry, but the ladies is out of order, and won't be fixed for another half hour,'

Claire's bladder almost gave up there and then at that news. 'Oh my God, seriously? I feel like I'm going to wet myself, and I need to meet the public in 5 minutes' she was almost crying at this point.

'I'm sure a strong powerful woman like you will manage.' the host said, unaware that Claire had leaked even more urine.Claire just skulked away, barely able to move. Her Q+A with the public was positioned right outside the TV studios and she could already see the crowds there. She put on a brave face and went out to meet them. Again. she was saved by a table covering her downstairs region, and she was now absolutely dying for the loo, having to hold both hands into her peehole as she spoke. About ten minutes in, a waterfall turned on nearby, which resulted in another massive spurt of wee. She gasped, and looked down, as a bit had seeped through her skirt. Her knickers were now at capacity, and a small drop of pee dripped through the chair, and into her buttcrack. Half an hour in, she could barely speak, having already confessed to the crowd that she was on the verge of wetting herself like a little girl.

'Mrs Dunphy, the restroom's have been fixed,' a janitor came over to reveal.

Without even speaking, Claire ran off her chair, the wet patch on the back of her skirt clearly visible. She was optimistic she would make it as she burst through the doors, but four other desperate women were stood there bouncing around. Claire pressed her thighs together, rolled her skirt up and held her peehole, now in total agony with the recycled coffee and orange juice still inside her, as well as several glasses of water. The hiss of other women urinating wasn't helping, as another drop squeezed its way out of her panties and down her legs. Finally, a stall became available, and Claire bolted for it, as another long spurt escaped her exhausted muscles. She tried to pull her skirt down, but the sight of the toilet became too much for her tired peehole. 

The stream started as a trickle, but turned into a full force jet, as Claire felt her intimate areas spread with urine. She put her hands down her knickers, and almost moaned in ecstasy as the pee soaked her wiry pubic hair and fingers. Her skirt had become covered in wee, but for now, she had no care in the world, as she released the final few droplets of pee into her saturated knickers. She removed her pee-soaked panties and dropped them in the bin, walking out using her blazer to try and cover up the massive wet spot on her skirt. But as she opened the door to leave the bathroom, her rival shouted, causing her to drop her blazer, exposing the urine that had ran all the way down the front of her skirt. He took a picture, and quickly ran off, leaving Claire feeling worried and utterly humiliated.

*004*2014-04-07 23:13

Chapter Two

The picture of Claire standing in her pee-soaked skirt had gone viral, and was met with different reactions from all the family. Phil was the only entirely sympathetic one, as the children relentlessly teased her, Gloria was almost disgusted by the whole affair, and Jay was mortified at the picture which cost her her shot at the council job. Yet family life still went on, and this morning was no exception. Claire came downstairs to find Alex buried in books, sipping on some can of a high calorie energy drink.

'Sweetie, have you been up all night?' she asked, gesturing towards the several coffee mugs left on the side.

'You don't understand how important this exam is mom, it goes on my final report,' Alex replied, desperately trying to take in the information about quadratic equations.

'I know that, but your sleep is so important too, and all this caffeine can't be good for your body,' Claire warned, involuntarily summoning memories of her coffee fuelled wetting incident a few weeks back. 'And please, make sure you pee,'

Alex had been so engrossed in her books that she hadn't noticed her bladder was full to the brim with 3 cups of coffee and a can of energy drink. 'Point taken, mom' she exclaimed, rushing towards the bathroom with her hand stuffed into her crotch, covered by her pyjama bottoms. She bolted the door shut, quickly yanked them down and released her pent up urine into the toilet bowl. The heavy trickle was accompanied by a loud hiss, and she couldn't help sigh with relief after the pressure which had been building up for hours was finally released. She wiped herself, and proceeded to get herself dressed and ready for the day. She was still aware of how tired she felt, so she poured herself a flask of coffee and packed another two energy drinks in her bag. She wore tight dark blue jeans and a white t-shirt which complimented her figure, now at the stage where boys started to notice her, and she secretly wanted to be noticed. 

She kissed her mom and took the school bus, trying to find somewhere she could revise without being disturbed. She took a long sip of coffee and read up on some more maths work. People kept trying to communicate with her, but she managed to create a bubble where nothing else in the world was noticeable to her. Her exam was at 12:30 and lasted until 3:30. With such a long exam, it was crucial that she knew everything completely. The bus was slightly late, so she had to hurry to dump her bag in her locker and make it on time to first lesson, English. She quickly arrived just as the bell was going, sipping the last drop of coffee and whipping out an energy drink. She sat next to Brad, the boy she had been trying to flirt with recently. Unfortunately, he seemed intent on remaining friends, rather than committing to a more serious relationship.

'Hi Brad' Alex said flirtatiously, adjusting her hair in the process.

'Hey Alex, what's up?' he obliviously asked.

'Not much, just stressing for this exam,' Alex replied, with as much coolness as she could muster.

'Oh same,' he agreed, hiding the fact he had spent the last few days playing video games.

The two continued chatting until the teacher entered the room. The lesson went by quite quickly, although Alex spent most of it doing maths revision. The pain in her bladder has returned, but it was more of a light ache rather than a desperate cry for release, so she didn't need to resolve it initially. She knew she would have to use the bathroom before the exam, and she couldn't risk an accident, especially after her mom's incident a few weeks back, which everyone at school managed to find out about. Soon it was 11:00, and time for break. Alex passed to restroom on the way to her locker, but there was a long queue of girls outside it, bouncing around in desperation. She knew that if she got in line now, she would probably lose 10 minutes of crucial revision time. Besides, the closer to the exam she went, the less likely the urge would reappear. Despite her bladder's protests, she walked by, heading up to the library instead.

She subconsciously kept her thighs tense together, even though she felt she still had full bladder control. It was getting more difficult to concentrate, and it wasn't helped by the constant tiredness, which caused her to keep drinking her energy drinks. She was now on her second of the morning. She didn't get the chance to empty her bladder before history and by the end of the lesson, she was desperate for a wee. She had spent much of the lesson trying to resist the urge to hold herself, and had sat for most of the lesson with her legs tightly crossed, to help aide the pressure. 

However it was now 12:00, so she had a half hour break before the exam, where she could use the ladies room. She pushed the door open, when the fire alarm loudly went off. After attempting to go in anyway, a teacher called her back, telling her she had to follow protocol and line up outside. Her holding muscles wanted to give way, after her brain indicated that she was close to a convenient place to urinate, but she used all her might to clench them, and prevent leaking urine into her panties. However standing up wasn't helping her situation, she was forced to bend her knees and lightly bounce up and down to stop the wave of urine pour out of her urethra.

Half an hour passed, before it was announced she would have to go straight into sit the exam. Alex knew this was bad, especially given the really strict rules about bathroom visits during the exam. She took her place, and looked across to see Brad sitting nearby. He smiled at her, and she did her best to smile back, although the need to pee made any emotion other than desperation hard to portray. She began her exam, crossing her legs as tightly as possible. She was forced to continually fidget, as beads of sweat dripped from her eyebrows, and more intimate areas. 

She tried to make sense of the words, but the image of the toilet was hard to shake off. She hadn't peed herself since she was ten, when Phil tickled her so hard she lost control completely. Her family still teased her about that to this day, so the thought of it happening again was unbearable. An hour passed, and Alex was almost crying with the pain. She had no choice but to ask someone for the toilet, or else she was going to have a full blown accident.

'Excuse me miss, can I please use the restroom?' she whispered to the examiner who walked past.

'Sorry dear, but after last year's cheating incident, we aren't permitted to let anyone leave the room unless there's an emergency.' she genuinely seemed sympathetic.

'But I'm bursting for a pee' Alex was crying at this point, with both hands jammed into a crotch.

'I'm sorry' she walked away, leaving Alex in a panicked state. A first drop of wee leaked from her fatigued muscles, darkening her pink panties. She gasped and dug her left hand into crotch again, and calling for a teacher.

'Please, I'm wetting myself here,' she begged.

'No, I've already told you that you can't' every inch of sympathy had disappeared from the examiner now.

Again, Alex tried to focus on the exam, but her mind was now full of images of waterfalls and flushing toilets. Another streak of piss escaped, a much longer one which she began to see through her jeans. She was now forced to actually put her hand down her panties, and physically hold her peehole to prevent the accident. This was now attracting attention from others, but this was the only way to save what dignity she had left. However as soon as she removed her hand to try and salvage something from her already dreadful exam paper, she felt a complete loss of control in her lower regions. A few uncontrollable spurts of urine were followed by an unstoppable trickle of urine. 

The pee had now soaked through her jeans, leaving a massive wet patch, and the hiss of her peeing was heard by everyone. She placed her head in her hand and sobbed, as her pee dripped off her chair and onto the floor, each drop one by one. She kept peeing for a minute, but the social isolation she would now have to endure would last much longer. She expected the examiner to do something, but she merely tutted, and left her to complete her exam, sitting in her wet clothes. The sticky feeling of wee was nothing compared to the grief she would get when she arrived home, and she couldn't even enjoy the feeling of relief for too long, as her bladder had filled up rapidly. She decided not to bother holding it, and just let a second stream go, again visible and audible to those nearby. The feeling of embarrassment and shame was one she would never forget.

*006*2014-04-08 23:53

Chapter Three

'Okay, so you have our number if you need us in an emergency, there's plenty of food in the house, your dinner's in the fridge, and we'll know if you throw any parties while we're away,' Claire said this looking directly at Hayley.

'And where's the cleaning stuff? In case Alex... you know?' Hayley cruelly taunted her younger sister.

Alex merely rolled her eyes, used to the insults she had been receiving the past few weeks. 'Hayley, stop speaking like that to your sister.' Claire sternly warned, fully aware of the difficulty Alex was going through. In some way, she was relieved about the accident, as it took away a lot of the tension from her, within the family at least. However it pained her seeing her daughter come home crying most nights from the verbal jibes from other students. She had hoped Hayley would be more supportive, but they were simply different personalities.

As much as Claire hated to admit it, her eldest daughter was a bit of a bully. 'See you later guys, and do as your mom says,' Phil shouted from outside the door. 'Yeah, try not to burn the house down,' Luke said, while sniggering to himself. The three of them were going to look at a potential boarding school for Luke to go to with Manny, so the girls were on their own for the night. Normally, Hayley would sneak off to a party, but all her friends were busy, so she was stuck at the house with her boring sister.

'Go easy on the soda,' Hayley called, gesturing to the glass of soda Alex was drinking.

'You're such a bitch, this happened like a month ago, and you're still going on about it like it was yesterday,' Alex protested.

'Yeah, because it's still funny.'

'When you were little, you basically peed your pants everyday, stop making such a big deal out of it.'

'Yeah, but I've learnt how to control my bladder now, unlike you. I bet I can hold my pee for longer than you,'

'Oh yeah? How much?'

'I'm not talking money idiot. The loser has to post a picture of their wet clothes on Facebook'

Alex considered this for a minute; she wasn't sure if she would want to risk another embarrassment after the last one had almost blown over. But then she thought back to the several car journeys where Hayley would be on the verge of wetting herself after seemingly drinking very little. She knew that she had a decent chance of winning and humiliating her sister at the same time. 'Sure, what the hell. But you need to catch up my drinking, or else it won't be fair.' Hayley rolled her eyes, her sister was so bothered about the rules. 'Fine, how much have you had since you last peed?'

'This is the only drink I've had,' Hayley proceeded to pour herself a large glass of soda, noticing that Alex hadn't drunk very much. 'To speed things up, why don't we just down these in one? Loser has to have another glass of water.'

'Sure.' Alex picked up her glass, and counted down '3...2...1...' The two chugged their sodas down as fast as possible, but about half way down, Hayley was forced to come up for air. By this stage, Alex had already finished hers, although it was her quick drinking that caused her to have her big accident in the first place. 'Fucking hell Alex!' Hayley exclaimed, as Alex poured her a glass of water to drink. Begrudgingly, Hayley drank that down, regretting her decision to suggest a punishment for that as well.

The two continued to watch TV as usual for about an hour, with breaks to get smaller glasses of water every 15 minutes. Hayley had began shifting around in her seat a bit, occasionally twisting her legs round each other. Alex meanwhile was bouncing up and down, partly due to the sugar rush and partly due to the speed at which the soda reached her bladder. 'How you feeling Hayley?' she asked. 'Yeah fine,' Hayley replied, hoping she didn't know that she was lying.

'Should we have another glass then?' Alex asked, trying to accelerate the inevitable. 'Sure, go ahead' Alex poured two sodas, but filled her sister's right to the top. She pretended to have drank half of hers already when she came to sit down, before handing her the soda glass almost overflowing. 'Oh great' Hayley gritted her teeth together, as she filled her bladder with yet more fluid. Alex similarly felt a sharp pang in her bladder as she finished her soda. 'Do you know what would make this more interesting?' Alex asked. 'No?' Alex grabbed the remote and found the documentary her dad had recorded about Niagara falls. 'Haha okay,' Hayley was getting surprisingly into this holding contest.

15 minutes later, both realised this was a mistake. The almost constant background of dripping water and crashing waves made it really hard for both to hold the large volumes of urine their bladders now contained. Hayley had her fists dug into the crotch of the white shorts she was wearing, while Alex was curled up in a ball on the sofa, pressing her thighs together and holding her knees into her chest. Both girls were now desperate to use the toilet, but Hayley was probably worse, now whispering to herself to keep it together.

'Hayley, when was the last time you peed yourself?'

Hayley considered whether to tell the story or not, but decided it was best that she did. 'Okay, but you cannot tell anyone this story, understand?'

'Yes'

'Well, I was coming back from party, where I'd had sooooo much to drink, and I was just bursting to pee. Literally, I could barely walk, so I just peed myself on the street, and it felt so good. I had to throw my panties away after it, and I don't think mom noticed the wet patch on my dress. Just thinking about it makes me want to pee again.'

'Did anyone else see?'

'No, and you're the only person I've told, so I hope I can trust you.'

'Of course.' She would think later whether she'd actually keep her promise. 'Oh my God, I have to pee sooo bad.' Hayley was now standing up, jumping up and down and breaking into a ridiculously cute pee dance. Alex had repositioned herself so her legs were tightly crossed, but was aware of Hayley going towards the tap. Hayley got two more large glasses of water, the sound of the tap almost causing her bladder muscles to give way, but her peehole held firm against the pressure. Again, the two downed their glasses, and Alex gasped as a drop of urine slipped through her previously sturdy defences. 'What?' Hayley asked. 'Nothing.' Alex lied, quickly jamming her hand into her peehole to prevent any further leakage. Hayley also had her first involuntary spurt of urine, dampening the fabric of her pink knickers.

'Shit, this outfit is so cute, I can't ruin it by wetting myself,' Hayley exclaimed, now standing with her knees bent towards each other and her thighs tightly squeezed together. Hayley hobbled upstairs to change, but Alex knew that this was likely to be a ploy to use the toilet. 'I think I'd better come up with you, to make sure you're not cheating'

'Fine.' Hayley sighed, as a small drop of wee leaked into her knickers. Alex walked upstairs, keeping a tight grasp on her crotch and muttering under her breath. They passed the toilet, and looked longingly at the place that was so close, yet so far from reach. Alex walked into Hayley's room, where she had began to take her shorts off. As she removed her hands from her peehole to pull them down, Alex saw her panties darken some more as she lost her control again. Hayley grabbed an old pair of light blue jeans and put them on, but tears had started rolling down her face. A loud gasp escaped her mouth as a small wet spot appeared on her jeans. The incredible amount of pee in her bladder had finally released itself, first welling up in the crotch of her panties, but then spreading into her back side and down the legs of her jeans.

Alex started to head to relieve her poor aching desire to pee, but Hayley grabbed her, angered at being made to look like a child in front of her siste, and tightly squeezed her so she couldn't escape, and also began tickling her. 'Hahahahaha.. Hayley.... please.......bursting.......piss.........wet.........myself........' A jet of pee squirted out of her peehole, and dampened her knickers. The back of her jeans were already soaked by Hayley's pee, but now some of her own pee was resting in her panties as well.

Alex wriggled free and hobbled towards the toilet, but now Hayley wasn't hindered by her bladder, she ran to the toilet, and began releasing the rest of her pee. She sighed over extravagantly as her pee hissed loudly and collected loudly by dripping into the toilet bowl. Alex danced around in floods of tears, before her bladder finally gave up, saturating her panties, and ruining her favourite pair of jeans. She removed her clothing to inspect the damage, before hugging her sister, due to the mutual feeling of relief.

'That was incredible' Hayley whispered.

'I know' Alex replied.

'We can never tell anyone about this'

'Agreed'

The two considered kissing, but they knew that would be crossing a line of sorts. Instead they went their separate ways, fondly remembering the new feelings they had just experienced, and wondering when they might be able to do it again.

*009*2014-04-10 00:30

Chapter Four

Gloria was alone in her house at last. Jay had taken Manny to look at the boarding school with Luke, so she could finally indulge in her very secret pleasure. She took another long gulp of her water and continued to complete her household chores. It had been years since she had done this, probably her first time since she was 16, when she discovered her fetish. She rarely found herself in the house alone nowadays, and Jay was still unaware of the rush of excitement she had when desperate to pee. The recent accidents Claire and Alex had had intrigued her again, and reminded her of the glorious feeling of releasing her hot wee into her panties. Obviously she had to try extra hard to appear disgusted by the whole thing so she didn't blow her cover, but secretly, she was almost turned on by it.

The last time she used the bathroom was first thing in the morning. She had hoped to have held it throughout the morning, but as always, she was bursting to pee when she woke up, and had no choice but to relieve the urge that was screaming out at her. It was now 2:00pm, and she had drank an orange juice, coffee, a soda and now some water. Her bladder was aching with the liquids she was holding, but she wasn't desperate yet and still able to complete the household jobs without too much pain. Traditionally, she had quite a strong bladder, she remembered her school days when the bathrooms were so horrible, she would just hold it. On one occasion, she had forgotten to pee in the morning, and left school absolutely dying for a wee. Yet she still managed to make it home on the bus, and only leaked slightly in her panties. However she loved a challenge, and poured herself another coffee, to try and force the issue.

15 minutes later, she had finished her coffee, and was at the stage where she would normally stop whatever she was doing to look for a toilet. She decided to make it more difficult for herself, and go and wash the dishes. She winced and bent her knees slightly as she turned to tap on, hearing a loud trickle of water dripping off the metal of the sink. Filling the bowl up with water, Gloria placed her hand lightly over her crotch to alleviate some of the sudden pressure. 'Aye aye aye!' she exclaimed as she placed her hand in the warm water, sending misleading signals to her bladder, which had rapidly filled up with the coffee and water from before. She had to be alert to clench her muscles to prevent a drop of wee escaping into her laced black panties. The task took twice as long as usual because she needed to stop every few minutes to dig her hands into her crotch. By the time she had finished, she was truly desperate for the toilet, and almost considered giving up.

Gloria was a determined woman however, and set herself a new challenge, of doing 30 push ups. Push ups were hard enough anyway, but even harder when done while holding a mammoth amount of wee. After just one, her stomach felt the strain, and she realised she would struggle to finish them. She kept going still, and somehow her panties were still bone dry after 25. On the 26th though, she felt her womanhood quiver with desperation, and she gasped loudly as a hot streak of piss dampened her panties and her black leggings. She stopped and sat up immediately, grasping her crotch to ensure she didn't release all her pee at once. She hobbled off to the bathroom, but rather than using the toilet, decided to start cleaning it. She was now bursting for release, and working so close to the toilet made her need twice as bad. Another spurt escaped, this time moistening her butt crack slightly. She knelt down, keeping her thighs tightly together and began to clean the shower. 

Turning the showerhead on to wash away the cleaning fluid almost caused her to lose it again, as a long spurt trickled through the fabric of her leggings and on to the floor. The next part of a cleaning was the most difficult. She was cleaning the sink, which involved her actually sitting on the toilet, sending her brain into meltdown. Her brain just allowed her to start the process of urination, while still fully clothed. Gloria was determined to pee herself outside the bathroom, so stood up, and used all her strength to stop the flow of urine. Her panties were now significantly dampened with urine, and she was more bursting to pee than she had ever been in her life. She was now at her wits end, desperately hopping up and down to find somewhere suitable to have her 'accident'. The doorbell rang all of a sudden, and despite her wishes to be left alone, Gloria knew she had to let whoever it was in, as she had agreed to look after Alex and Hayley if there were any problems.

She hobbled along to the doorstep, letting another spurt of wee through again, before opening the door.

'Hi Auntie Gloria,' Alex smiled sweetly, while Hayley stood there hopping from foot to foot, hands in crotch.

'Sorry Auntie, I'm about to wet myself' Hayley ran past her as fast as her aching bladder would allow.

Gloria could barely speak herself, and was forced to sit on the stairs with her legs crossed tightly together. 'Is everything ok?' was all the usually chatty Gloria could muster.

'Yeah, she's just had three glasses of soda at the fair, and all the toilets were locked. I really have to pee too, but I can hold it for a few more minutes,' Alex had now crossed her legs over.

'But why are you here?' Gloria tersely asked, as another spurt leaked its way out of her peehole.

'Oh, you said we could come over if we wanted?'

'No, I said if you needed' she had her teeth tensely gripped.

'Is everything ok?' Alex asked.

'I just really need the bathroom, I'm about to wet myself like a little girl'

Alex's interest was aroused by this. 'Oh really? Well you can go ahead of me if you want.'

'Oh you are an angel.' she exclaimed. But as she stood up to walk towards the bathroom, another burst of pee jetted out of her urethra and into her panties. This proved to be the last straw, and the floodgates opened. Jets of urine sprayed in all directions as she just allowed the pee to release all over her intimate area. Gloria moaned as the almost orgasmic relief overcame her, putting her hand down her panties to feel this burst of wee for herself. This was too much for Alex, who charged her way into the bathroom. 

'Oh my God Alex?' Hayley yelled, using her shirt to hide her peehole from her sister. 'Can you hurry up here? I'm leaking' Alex exclaimed, as she felt her panties become damper with urine. Hayley graciously gave up the toilet seat for her sister, who was struggling badly with her belt buckle. 'Hayley, can you help me?' Alex desperately asked. Hayley tried to pull her jeans down, but it was all in vain, as the insurmountable need to urinate resulted in her crotch quickly spreading with pee, and the now almost familiar warm sensation in her lower regions. Neither of them were quite sure what was going on, but for now, they enjoyed the mutual feeling of relief.

