Not Again

Author: BabygirlMiki

*000*2021-12-06 22:06

Jonathan pulled into the Walmart parking lot, desperate. "I shouldn't have had all that tea," he thought, wiggling his hips so that his bottom ground into the seat. "Oh well, finally made it to Walmart, I'll just run in and run out, ugh hope they're not cleaning the restrooms!"

He gingerly removed himself from the driver's seat and immediately twisted his legs together when his feet hit the ground, as his bladder violently spasmed.

"Shit," he whispered, and a shudder tickled up his spine. Pee spurted from his penis, and he squeezed it tightly as he could until it stopped. There was a softball-size wet spot on the front of his denim shorts. A single rivulet of pee ran from his pant leg and dripped on the ground. The fur on his inner thighs was soaked in urine, but hidden underneath his clothes, thank goodness.

After a moment of dancing and holding, he was able to carefully start walking towards the store. The fox stopped every now and then to do a potty dance. So close! He really feels he's going to make it this time.

He starts running as his bladder turns numb. Pee starts to spurt from his member again, and he stops and holds one paw against his butt and another against his crotch, and squats down. The stream slowly stops, but he's so desperate he can't move. He looks up and sees shoppers staring at him, and the small puddle that had formed beneath his pee-soaked butt. He starts crying. "I have to potty really really bad! I'm not gonna make it gonna pee pee in my pants!"

He makes another run for it, making a pee pee trail to the bathroom, and then as soon as he sees the urinal his bladder spasms one last time and the small spurts turn into a constant stream. He holds himself as he pees forcefully into his shorts, right there in front of the urinal. Pee splatters hard against the tile floor. He sinks to his knees, and with a small splash, drops his butt into the puddle and relaxes. Pee shoots out through the fabric of his pants now, swirling into the now huge puddle, as people walked in and out of the bathroom around him.

He had done it. Another accident. He walked out of the store and by the time he got go the car he had to pee again, so he just cried and peed right there all down his leg.

*002*2021-12-26 15:50

{{On 12/24/2021 at 3:33 PM, Alex62 said:

Very nice! Love the mention of the puddle! And the two wettings!

}}

Haha thanks! I was worried I went a little overboard LOL

