Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*010*2023-01-21 00:00

Time to give everyone new descriptions since so many changes have occurred!

First up are Daisy and Stella. They've both gotten noticeably taller, now standing at 5' 4" and 5' 9" respectively. Both have gained animalized features, including but not limited to paws with retractable claws, upright pupils, and those adorable ears and tails! While their human figure hasn't changed much, the way their features present themselves are both rather unique...

Stella's catlike ears did not sprout from the top of her head. They sat roughly halfway between her human ears and where Roxy's ears were. Speaking of human ears, neither Daisy's or Stella's human ears did anything anymore... They'd only become active if the 2 of them were to slip out of Level 3 for some reason. As for appearances, Stella's ears stood tall with white fur inside. They featured a cheetah like pattern of oranges and browns, with her tail following the same pattern. Her paws simply appeared feline, nothing specifically showing the traits of a cheetah. It is worth noting that the bottoms of her paws and the insides of her ears were filled with fluffy fur! As her ears and tail were new to her, she was still operating on instinct in terms of making use of her new features. Twitches and flails were still commonplace, as she didn't yet have conscious control over her ears and tail.

Daisy sprouted sort of covers over her human ears... They almost looked elf-like, sticking straight up from the side of her head whenever she was relaxed. They featured a very short fur made up of different orange tones arranged into wavy stripes. Her tail followed the same pattern. She lacked the white fur on her paws, as she instead had full blown pads on both her hands and her feet!

As for their abilities, Stella had inherited the quick thinking and instantaneous reflexes of a cheetah, whereas Daisy had inherited an exact copy of her mother's instincts and abilities... Stella definitely had the upper hand in speed and stamina, whereas Daisy retained a higher human-like intellect that was not overridden by animalistic instincts.

Roxy now stood at 8' 4", a full 100 inches tall! Her hair had become fuller, the pads on her paws had become permanent, and the colors of her features had become more vibrant. She no longer appeared scrawny, now featuring healthy curves and a full abdomen that hid her ribs properly. She carried an "aura" to her (for lack of a better word) as the light absorbed from Montorus continued to shine through her! This appeared as an extra bit of color to her features and a radiance around her. It commanded respect. Even humans wouldn't be able to miss the way she seemed to glow!

It's at this point that I must address something I've noticed as I reread my story up to this point. I straight up forgot to tell you guys about why Roxy suddenly seemed so much more intelligent and less instinctual... She'd been running on pure instinct for so many years that it took a big change to get the gears of her human consciousness turning again. That change came in the form of being pulled from the forest and spending the night in the city. Associating with humans and observing how they think and how they go about doing things had jogged her old noggin into firing back up.

Also, I intend to change up my writing style. I'm aware that there are people on omorashi.org that come from many different parts of the world, and I'm trying to write a story inspired by the area I live in while also appealing to the global populous... I'll be making a few changes to my grammar. First, I'll be writing out small numbers instead of listing them. For example, 10 will now be ten. I had originally chosen to list the number instead of typing them out because it seemed like it would be easier for people from other countries to read. However, when I read through my story again, I notice how much they draw my attention to "why did I write it like that" and I will therefore be typing them out beginning in part 10.

Thank you all for bearing with me as I figure out what the hell I'm doing about part 10.

Daredare205's best!

*011*2023-01-21 00:50

Part 10!

Halfway to his rest stop, which was halfway to the mansion, Travis noticed a bluish white light that settled low in the sky a fair distance ahead of him... The authorities had noticed it too... As far as the police were concerned, this was the beginning of the end...

Nobody knew how terribly twisted all of the stories were, even the characters within said stories... Kelsey wasn't a kidnapper of animalized abilities, nor was she capable of taking someone's powers from them. The battle between the Bridle family and the Greenfield family weren't because of slave trade disputes, and the police hadn't been politely ignoring the Greenfield family all this time. Most importantly, Roxy's father, he wasn't a Greenfield or a Bridle...

All of this information had been available to Roxy after absorbing the essence of Montorus into herself and she was having a sort of briefing with everyone else. Imagine the next few paragraphs as a sort of lecture... Also note that Damien and Kelsey had made their way into the main hall just before Roxy began.

Starting generations back, everything the Greenfield family knew was wrong, or at least altered. The Bridle family did not sell animalized children to humans for money, they kept to themselves in the woods on a different quest. They'd lost sight of the source of their powers, and just like the Greenfield family, their abilities had started to decline with each new generation. The elders had succumb to mental illnesses like dementia and schizophrenia, leading to a breakdown in understanding between the old and new generations. This only added to the pressure the youngsters felt, and many either didn't know how to use their abilities or didn't enjoy them. All of this together meant that their flames were growing weaker, at risk of being blown out and their abilities being lost if any of the youngsters had children and didn't foster a passion for their abilities... Assuming their children inherited any abilities.

As for the incident at the farm, that was also a miscommunication that'd gone horribly wrong. Roxy was never meant to be at THAT farm! It was the next one over. In their hurry to keep their cover and maintain separation from the Bridle side of the family, the Greenfields had shipped their daughter off to the wrong place by freak accident. When Roxy was brought to the Peace farm and simply dropped off with nothing said, this was done as part of the contract with the Greenfield family... Except the Peace family had no contract with the Greenfield family, in fact, they'd never even heard of this family of animalized humans.

Young Roxy proved to be quite the handful for them... She'd lash out at everything they did to try to help her, including what humans considered to be basic care. Through not explaining anything to Roxy, they'd made an enemy. Eventually, Roxy became impossible to control. Her abilities continued to develop and, in a fit of rage towards a child that spilled boiling hot soup onto her, she lashed out. She drew claws for the first time in her life and tore right through the child's arm. Crying on the floor with his soup soaking into the carpet, the child yelled for someone, anyone to help him. The one to arrive was the father... After seeing what this wild animal had done to his son, the father drugged a bowl of milk to put Roxy to sleep. He then moved her into the basement where she'd have to cool off before being let out...

True, this could be considered cruel and unusual punishment, but think of this from the farmers' perspective. They've no connection to the family Roxy comes from, and with Roxy barely old enough to speak, communication was difficult. Misunderstandings were common, and poor Roxy only got more and more upset over time. Tensions rose until the attack on the farmer's son occurred and Roxy was thrown into the basement... Poor Roxy didn't understand that she'd done anything wrong, and the Peace family wasn't willing to send her off into the woods by herself at her young age. However, it'd proved impossible to discipline Roxy the way they disciplined their own children.

Explanations of what she'd done wrong would be met with growling and hissing, spanking sessions would be met with claws and powerful kicks, and meal time only became more and more difficult. Roxy's strong connection to the nature around her had caused one of the biggest misunderstandings that fueled her inability to care about anything her new family did or said. They took care of their animals only to kill them, or so Roxy thought... In reality, the Peace family were proper farmers who truly cared for their animals. Chickens weren't killed unless all other corrective actions had failed, cows weren't slaughtered until they were suffering from illnesses that no longer responded to treatment, etc etc... Roxy only saw the animals being killed and assumed that she'd been kidnapped by murderers. As far as she knew, she was protecting herself.

As for Roxy's father, he'd assumed that his precious daughter was in good hands and that he'd fulfilled his side of the agreement. He then returned to his mansion in the city and continued his research into what truly made animals different from humans, and whether or not they could be taught to take coexist in a human society. When he received news from the Greenfield family that the Piece farm had not received Roxy, he immediately went to meet with the farmers. He found out that none of them had seen Roxy at all. She simply wasn't there. Nobody could find her. The man reported this to the Greenfield family, where he was met with sheer anger. The only human to ever approach them with kindness had lost their only animalized daughter! The man was allowed to leave unharmed, and instructed to never come back. Even to this day, he never set foot on their lawn or attempted to enter their mansion.

As for the police... They knew of the feud between the two sides of the family. One believed in the elders, one didn't. The Greenfields had split from the Bridles due to this dispute. There was never any slave trading or sale of children. This was a story made up by the public to shame the Greenfields. Only thing is, it'd been so long since that'd happened... Generations of humans came and went, and the two animalized families were forgotten about. More importantly, humans no longer feared them. Many even found them cute!

Since neither the Greenfield family or the Bridle family had ever contacted the police or made contact with the general public, the authorities simply let them be. No authorities knew of the stories of slave trades. All they knew was that these animalized people possessed incredible powers, and it'd be best not to provoke them. As long as they stayed to themselves, the police would do the curtesy of the same.

The lecture ends here and the real story begins now!

"So... You're saying I fled my home for nothing?" Asked Kelsey, full of confusion and anger towards herself for being so stupid! How could she have missed something to obvious? She didn't know what to do, and for the first time in years, lost the concentration needed to maintain the invisibility of her chameleon body. Suddenly, everything came into view!

This wasn't just some goodies on her head and a tail and maybe some forked hands... This was a full body transformation! Her entire body was shaped into a chameleon, from how her hips sat to the shape of her neck and head.

"I'm... I can't say for sure. I don't think you ran away for nothing, but I can say that you've made considerable progress towards your goal of understanding what you truly are." Said Roxy, sitting alone at the end of the table.

How on earth... "How do you know that my goal is to understand what powers our flames?" Answered Kelsey, raising her voice out of confusion and shock.

"I saw it all last night when you pulled my memories. I don't know if you realized it or not, but an impression of everything you are has been left on me. I'm aware of who you are and what you're trying to accomplish. In fact, I'm willing to help you in your quest. I've got my answer, and I think it's time you had yours." Answered Roxy, her aura radiating out from her and enveloping Kelsey...

Time seemed to stop for the two of them. "This is the light of Montorus, the Mountain God. This is what created the flames within each of us. I think it's important that you get a good look at it. I can't release it to you, as it's attached itself to my flame, or rather my light, so I'll just let you in so you can see for yourself." Said Roxy, her body seeming to fade away before Kelsey... What remained was a sort of glow that kept Roxy's shape. Its colors and intensity seemed to contain something... Information, wisdom, experiences, emotions, everything that made up this bond between Roxy and Montorus... It was all right there!

"I understand." Said Kelsey, her mind blown so hard that she didn't even notice that time had resumed...

End of part ten. Part eleven coming soon!

*012*2023-01-29 01:22

Part 11!

Three months had come and gone, and somehow Roxy still hadn't completely figured out all her new abilities. They'd show themselves at the strangest times, almost as if she was continuing to develop new abilities by the minute!

Let's catch up with Roxy, her sisters, and Kelsey as they take a walk through the woods...

I'm never getting used to this... Thought Kelsey, noticing that all the animals would move aside as the group came through. Roxy's glow spread compassion around her, healing the forest and its creatures both physically and spiritually.

Stella had something that'd been nagging on her mind since they left the mansion... She'd done her best not to ask, but it only got worse and she finally decided she needed to ask just what on earth they were doing right now... "Remind me again why we're going to the farm. Didn't you say they tortured you?!"

"I did. But that was before I had outside perspectives. I need to go and properly apologize. Besides, it's unfair to leave them with the wounds they've received from my time there. I know I'm new to healing, but I should at least make an offer to help." Said Roxy, her face halfway between happy and sad... A sort of forced smile. It didn't take a genius to read her movements. The perk from her ears and tail just weren't there. Those beautiful ears never rose when she said this or when she smiled...

"You don't look as happy as you sound. Are you sure you want to do this? We can still turn back." Asked Daisy.

"I'm sure. I need to get this taken care of so I can focus on the future." Said Roxy.

"You've been like this since last night. You've seen something, haven't you?" Asked Kelsey, her voice displaying her inner worry for what would soon come.

"That's for after our visit. Besides, my visions aren't clear enough for me to get the whole story. Just because I saw a war doesn't mean that it's unavoidable. We need to start by spreading compassion, not lighting matches." Spoke Roxy, the determination in her aura briefly becoming more intense.

"It's cool if you don't want to talk about it. I just want you to know that you can talk to us. After all, we're family!" Said Stella, her genuine compassion showing itself in her voice and her movements.

"I... That's part of what we'll talk about after we get back." Said Roxy, again forcing a smile. She'd gotten really good at keeping a positive aura, even when her true feelings were much darker. None of those around her saw the conflict she was hiding from them. Something she'd realized, something BIG. Something that might tear the family apart if presented improperly.

"Enough with the doom and gloom! Weren't we out here to do good?" Said Kelsey, making an attempt to lift Roxy's spirits.

"Yeah, we are. So let's pick up the pace!" Spouted Roxy, leaping forward into the distance.

At least give me a warning before you just sprint like that. You know I can only do that for a few minutes at a time... Thought everyone else, switching to Level Four and chasing after Roxy.

You see, Roxy had taught them all something incredible. The flows of energy that can be observed and felt when in Level Four can be harnessed! There's nothing stopping someone with good practice from taking that energy into themselves and using that to enhance their abilities. This came with the cost of burning through stamina much faster than usual, making it useful for short powerful bursts.

Strange, I don't feel tired at all! Usually I'd be out of everything by now, but I feel like I could go on for hours! Wonder what's different... Something along these lines was bouncing around the heads of the trio, slowly but surely catching up to Roxy.

No doubt about it, she's off her game today. This isn't how she sprints. Thought Stella, coming to a realization...

"Hey guys, I get it now!" Stella proclaimed, not realizing that shouting while using telepathy projected her volume as well...

"Jesus! No need to scream at us!" Replied Daisy, also projecting her volume into her sister.

"Sorry, I just thought you guys would like to know what's going on. Look at the way the energy behind Roxy is all twisted up in sets of three." Telepathed Stella, her thoughts filled with amazement!

"Yeah, I see it." Replied Daisy.

"Me too. Looks odd, like it's targeting us..." Replied Kelsey.

"Now look behind us. It's completely gone! Whatever it is, it's perfectly in sync with our flames! It's almost as if it's acting like fuel, keeping our stamina topped off as we go!" Telepathed Stella, her projections now filled with even more amazement!

*You're filled with amazement! Deeply impressed with this turn of events!

Good. Seems it's working. I don't sense any fatigue from any of them! Thought Roxy, keeping an eye on the trio behind her.

"Figured I'd show you something I just figured out a few minutes back. Since I use my energy to heal others, I figured it'd work the same for replenishing their energy. If I power your stamina instead of your healing abilities, it's like you switch from batteries to a constant supply of power!" Telepathed Roxy, her thoughts full of pride!

"Just don't burn yourself out. Including yourself, you're basically fueling four people at once right now." Replied Kelsey.

"I think I'm good. In all honesty, it feels like I'm building energy instead of losing it!" Telepathed Roxy, her fluffy ears flying about in the wind.

"Damn am I glad we figured out telepathy. The wind is so loud, there's no way I'd hear you if we were just using our voices." Telepathed Kelsey, not realizing she'd just broadcast that thought to everyone...

"Nobody tell her." A grinning Roxy telepathed to everyone except Kelsey.

Laughter erupted from the group, leaving Kelsey wondering what was so funny. Didn't matter, she was just happy that the situation was looking up!

I see. So that's how this flow works. Thought Stella, figuring out why Roxy wasn't running low on energy even though she was basically fueling all four of them...

"Roxy, you're truly amazing! How'd you know this would work?" Telepathed Stella.

"I didn't. And if it proved to not work, I'd just slow down so everyone could keep up." Replied Roxy.

"We're caught in a harmonic amplification! Truly amazing! As Roxy amplifies our abilities, our connection to her replenishes hers! This is so easy it's like cheating!" Telepathed Kelsey.

"Yeah, it is really cool. But can we take a break soon? I have something I need to take care of..." Telepathed Daisy.

"Yeah, no biggie. You feeling alright?" Replied Roxy.

"I'm fine, just gotta do something real quick. Can you release your connection to me?"

"uhhh, sure..." And with that, Roxy released her connection to Daisy.

Falling out of the loop, Daisy couldn't keep her current pace. She missed the next branch she'd planned to land on and leap off of, causing her to go tumbling to the next set of branches down. Luckily, her catlike reflexes kept her feet under her. She managed to land on a lower branch, the impact of which pushed a boiling hot spurt into her otherwise dry panties!

NO! NOT YET NOT YET!!!! Thought Daisy, falling from the lower branches onto the ground. She'd barely managed to keep her feet under her... One hand landed on the ground in front of her as she landed like a tripod, the other was putting immense pressure on her crotch. Standing back up, she managed to unzip her pants and squat down just before her floodgates slammed open!

Over 6 hours of boiling hot piss ROCKETED out of her! She let out a delightful moan of pure pleasure as her stream flew for over three feet before hitting the ground! She continued like this for over a minute before she'd finally emptied her overflowing bladder!

Man that was close! If I'd waited a moment later, they might've found out about my kink...
