A Desperate Afternoon

Author: Despfanguy13

*000*2014-09-22 04:06

This is my first attempt at writing a desperation story so I hope you guys like it. Here it goes:

Ashley woke up as her alarm went off. Today was one of her favorite times of every year.. The Stock Show. She rolled out of bed and as she stood up she felt the weight of her full bladder gathering overnight and rushed to the bathroom. Once there she pulled down her panties and sat down and released a torrent of pent up over night pee that lasted about 1 minute. She got up and took a shower and went to get dressed. Ashley has always been a slim girl and really athletic build with her shiny blonde hair coming down to her shoulders she was just a mere 5 foot 3 and 100lbs with double D boobs and a tight firm ass. She defiantly turned heads when she was any where in public. Ashley went to her closet and pulled out a pair of her favorite jeans, they were a miss me brand with sparkle crosses on the back and they defiantly made her ass look great.

She then pulled out a browning camo t shirt and her boots. She went over to her drawers to see what underwear she would wear and she chose a sexy Victoria's secret pink lace thong and the matching bra that she got to go with it. Once she was all dressed she looked at herself in the mirror secretly admiring how sexy she looked. She went downstairs and ate breakfast and drank two glasses of orange juice and chugged a water bottle before heading out. On the way to the stock show she had to stop to fuel up her truck and she went inside and bought two one liter bottles of water and started sipping on one.

By the time she got to the stock show and parked her first water bottle was already gone. As soon as she stepped out of her truck she felt the first twinge of her bladder telling her it was filling up and the liquid shed been drinking was catching up to her. She just shrugged it off and walked into the stock show and made her way to her first stop, the horse show. while there she was unconsciously sipping her bottle of water and towards the end of the show she started to get a little fidgety.

"Damn, I really have to pee"! she said to no one in particular. As time went on she ignored her bladder but by lunch time it was defiantly making its presence known. Ashley ate lunch and got up to walk to the shopping area and she had a bladder spasm, she had to stop and cross her legs and keep her pee from coming out. she defiantly had to find a bathroom now. She headed in the direction of the closest one and ran in when she saw the sign, stopping just outside the door and crossing her legs and bending over as another spasm shot through her now weakening bladder.

Once inside Ashley saw all the stalls were taken and there were lines of other desperate women, one in particular a young blonde about 18 wearing tight jean shorts and boots was dancing frantically as it was her turn next. She started saying she was leaking and finally the stall freed and she raced in and closed it and yanked down her shorts and thong a started peeing before she sat down moaning with the relief and the orgasmic pleasure it brought her.

Ashley on the other hand was at the back of the line dancing, crossing and uncrossing her legs her now tight jeans even tighter around her waist digging in to her full swollen bladder. Hearing all the pee streams and being so close to relief caused her bladder to give way a little and a spurt of warm pee jetted out into her lace thong dampening it. "Shit" Ashley exclaimed. She knew her thong would not hold many more leaks before it gave way and showed on her jeans. Ashley couldn't take it any longer, she rushed out of the bathroom and back to her truck walking as fast as she could and her legs tight together on the way there. As she got to her truck she lost another squirt of pee into her thong and this time she felt it go through the thin lace material and wet her jeans. there was a small wet spot on the crotch of her light washed miss me jeans.

She got up in the truck and now had her hand in her crotch holding herself looking for somewhere to release the ocean inside her. for some reason she was also horny. Ashley had never held her pee for fun but she could feel her clit tingling and her nipples get erect. She finally found a mcdonalds on the side of the road and she quickly pulled in and jumped out of her truck. Doing so caused her lose another 4 sec spurt causing the wet patch on her jeans to grow to the size of a quarter now. quickly now she rushed into the mcdonalds with her hand in her crotch and legs clenched together, all her muscles were clenched in the anticipation of relief. She walked in the direction of the ladies room and went in and again both stalls were taken. Ashley was pee dancing like crazy trying to hold it until someone came out..

Finally a toilet flushed and Ashley ran in and locked it. She was running in place unbuttoning the two buttons on her jeans and hovering over the toilet she finally released the pent up pee inside her it was a strong loud stream lasting about 1 min and a half when it was all over Ashley realized she forgot to pull down her thong and it was soaked with pee. She tried to dry it off as best she could and pulled up her jeans and drove the rest of the way home. Once there she had to pee again and she darted for the bathroom. She went in and took down her jeans and sat down with her thong still on and peed. When she was done she moved her thong to the side and rubbed her pussy to an orgasm. Ashley was very horny after all this and thought about trying to see how long and how much she could hold. Maybe she discovered a new fetish.

*002*2014-09-22 13:43

Yeah I do there's more coming soon and it's my first story my next will be in paragraphs. Thanks for the feedback

