Sansa's accident

Author: John Cena69

*000*2015-11-23 15:20

Hello omorashi forum. This is my first post. I know the story is crap but I wrote it a few years ago. I just turned 18. Well at least its short so it wont take to much time to read Enjoy

Sansa was the perfect highborn child. She was obedient, respectful, kind (whenever Arya wasn’t around) Not only had she become an example of behaviour but she had turned out to be a very attractive women. At the age of 17 she was already fully developed. To the foreign eye she knew she was perfect, her good taste in fashion, her sewing skills, her good manners. However, deep inside, it was a cover-up to her real interests, it was her super private secret, no one knew and no one would ever know. Sansa from House Stark, elder daughter of Lady Catelyn and Lord Eddard Stark loved wetting herself.

Ever since she was 14 her interest in anything related to peeing had grown exponentially. It made her feel so un-lady and so naughty… she couldn’t resist herself. One of the things she loved the most about it was the fact that she could be caught at any moment and the humiliation would be unbearable.

The first and last time she had been caught was at the age of fifteen. That night she dreamt of Jeyne Poole’s accident during a long sewing session when the Septa wouldn’t allow her to use her chamber pot. She had completely ruined her new velvet dress and was standing crying in a puddle of her own pee. Out of curiosity, Sansa had secretly gone into her room hours later to take a closer look at her clothes. Her smallclothes were completely soaked and yellowish, her dress was just really wet at the area of her crotch. Still dreaming, Sansa remembered how she had locked the door of Jeyne’s room and tried on her friend’s soaked clothes. They were already cold, however she got aroused easily thinking it was the pee of her own best friend.

When Sansa woke up she realised how full her bladder was. She was terrified to move and let some of it come out. She had already peed herself before but it had always been in the woods, alone and with some clothes to change to. She just stood still for a few minutes and realised that her sleeping dress was already damp at her intimate parts. Some had managed to escape during her sleep. At this point the damage wasn’t too bad but Sansa became even more terrified as to what consequences it could have if someone found out. Her bed sheets were fine, just as she was removing the covers to get up and use her chamber pot she saw a bird slamming into the window. It came so fast that the glass smashed.

Sansa was scared to death, she began to scream and it was only when her maid entered the room to see what had happened that she realised she was peeing. Due to the shock of the experience she had lost the little control she had left over her bladder muscles. She was so scared that she didn’t even realise how wet her legs had become. She hadn’t even peed that much before she could stop it, just enough. Her bed and lower half of her dress were glistening and yellow. The fabric of her dress was clinging to her and becoming transparent. Even though at other circumstances she would have loved this, this time she was terrified that her maid had seen everything. She was so humiliated she started to cry like a child.

*003*2015-12-09 00:22

I am currently working on an omo story based in the 1700s in Versailles, France. After that I will try to continue with Game of Thrones, I wish someone more talented would tho...

