Splinter Cell Omorashi - Cargo

Author: SilverJackal

*000*2013-03-19 12:04

I have been determaining on releasing this Omorashi seeing that technically it's my first that I wrote. Through the Splinter Cell Series, I always thought "Why doesn't Sam ever" kind of situation... One lead to this. Short, sweet, and hopefully entertaining. Enjoy!

~Silver Jackal

###

It must have been raining, hard, but what was Sam to to? His mission was simple. Hugo Lacerda would surely die. I shouldn't screw up.. he wasn't at the lighthouse. I am certain that this time he needs to die.

Giving a quick look around, Sam noticed that there were two that he could assault from the darkness. For this he smiled, it was something he quite enjoyed. Not in for the kill all the time. Sam took a big breath, at least the night was nicer than standing in the rain.

As he grabbed his first victim. A normal reaction. The man was scared to death, who wouldn't? "How many on board?" The man wouldn't easily give up the number to the roster. Sam saw it was wasting time. He choked the man, making sure that he wouldn't run off and tell others of his whereabouts.

Sneaking past the other one, he started heading down into where the cargo would possibly be. One slip up and the alarm could alert everyone on board and being on a ship, it would be harder to get away and wipe clean the slate.

Heading just on past a set of stairs, Sam spotted an alarm. What luck. This would mean... His head looked off to the right, there was someone that was patrolling just up ahead. With a quick move, Sam slit the throat of the mercenary. It was noticeable that he wasn't like the other crew on the ship.

It was then as Sam dropped through the cargo hold that it hit him. His bladder actually started filling up. I should have went when I had a chance, now it's going to me on my mind all night. Squirming a bit to get it off his mind, he knew it would be quite difficult. What was worse? Sam had a stealth suit. Damn it.. this isn't good.

Running into the back cargo, Sam knew he had to pee, but the mission was important. "Sam, there are some illegal weapon creates. Can place trackers on them so that we can know their destination?" Sam agreed. "All right, I'll do my best."

As Sam bent over to place the tracker on the crate, he hesitated. There was a spasm from his bladder. No.. no no.. not again. Maybe it was a cruel thought. Maybe this was worse than I believed. Sam placed the tracker quickly, soon grabbing his dick the best he could through his now tightening stealth suit.

Focusing on the rest of the cargo, Sam knew that climbing the crates was making it harder on his bladder. Swearing to himself was getting worse. "Sam, there's something you need to be informed of..."

"Yeah? What is it you forgot to mention?"

"There are some lower areas that are flooding. You'll need to decompress the water through the pumps if you need to retrieve the tracking information."

Sam keeled over. That's what he didn't need to hear at the moment. Why did this ship have to be flooding? "You're telling me that you decided to place me on a sinking ship?"

"Don't worry, if you take care of the pump, there should be a way to get into the flooded corridor."

Sam swore under his breath. "You got it."

As Sam climbed the ladder, his thoughts and ears settled upon the flowing and gushing water from the closed door. This made him focus on his bladder again. This isn't the time to focus on that! He was getting fidgety. Something was deliberately wrong now, it would only be a matter of time before he would burst himself.

Come on Sam, focus. Focus... His dick was throbbing by now, it wouldn't be long before his suit would become more tight. To give some delay until he would find a bathroom. Having a tight suit also wasn't helping one bit. The more he would need to move, the worse it would get.

Heading into the nearest door to the right, he entered a crawl space as a man seemed to be sawing up a few things, what that would be was irrelevant. As Sam entered the air duct, his bladder was being pressed against. Making my situation worse. Just great.

Sam entered the area seeing that it was the pump room. "Bingo. No just to...What..??" His bladder gave another spread of desperation. He grabbed his dick again, needed to keel over. God, not now, please not now.. PLEASE. There was a small throb again. Groping his dick wasn't helping at all at this point. The burning sting on pee was trying to make itself to surface.

Holding back all he could, he examined the room to see there was two people patrolling around. Sam knew he couldn't concentrate, he grabbed on to himself harder as he grabbed his SC Pistol. Just a couple headshots and he could continue. Keeling over even more, he knew his bladder couldn't take anymore. Need... NO NO.. I don't need to. I can hold it for a while until. Another throb broke his concentration.

Sweat started to form on his face. Inhailing and exhaling, Sam sniped both of them. Sliding down a nearby ladder and turning on the pump, there was a sound, identifying that the room was ready. Making his way up to the vent and on through, it was soon that Sam found himself losing at the moment. His bladder couldn't take it as it wanted relief.

Doubling in pain, Sam grabbed himself again. Damn it. He thought. Out of all times, I have to be stuck in the middle of an ocean. The thought of water was very painful by this time. Maybe I could find... just one. Please...

"Sam is everything all right?" It was Grim.

"Yeah." Sam spoke, pressing on his implants in his right ear. He was lying. Sure it wasn't in his nature, sure, but this time it was an embracing excuse. Crossing his legs, it was becoming harder on his mental state. "I.. I'm just scoping the area is all. Nothing else."

Within seconds, he felt a little pee escape. His bladder couldn't take it. Sam held back all that he could. He couldn't dare to move anymore than he already was. His breathing increased and his efforts were to no avail. There was no choice but to let go, but he wasn't ready to loose this battle. Not yet.

Making his way though to the cargo room that was filtered, Sam was relieved that there wouldn't be rushing water to worry about, however, the water level was to his ankles. He knew this was bad. Very bad. His bladder was close to bursting as he continued to fight. Sam couldn't take it anymore.

Not knowing if it was a safe area, Sam took a deep breath, glanced around to make sure no one was watching, then relieved himself. Not bothering with anymore pressure, he knew that making it to a bathroom was quite pointless by now. Especially after all the pressure he was applying and the pee that was trying to escape earlier.

However, knowing he was standing in ankle deep water wasn't any better. Sam caved into the pressure, collapsing to his knees. Feeling the warm fluids drench the water and wetting his trousers, it was known that there was nothing sweeter. Sam must have moaned with relief. Not like the people from Third Echelon could hear him unless he pressed on his ear implants.

Sam stayed there for a moment as he emptied what was left of his bladder. Thank God. He whispered to himself. With confidence, Sam knew he could continue his mission, regardless of the damage to his outfit. The water he sat in was a little warmer, but it was a small price to pay compared to failing his mission.

