Revenge on the Brat

Author: MrSmallman

*000*2014-01-05 23:00

Kate was your typical spoiled brat type girl whose parents have her everything she ever wanted, and "never" had been humiliated or made a mistake. Now that they had cut her off, she was taking advantage of a nice modest boy who was clueless to her deception. She stumbled through the door drunk at about 1:00 am after a long night of wasting her boyfriend, Alex's, money. She walked through the kitchen and into the bedroom, tore off her immodest dress, and pulled a neon green nightshirt over her black bra and hot pink panties.

She grabbed her ridiculously expensive smartphone, checked her messages and flopped on top of the bed they shared.

About an hour later, Alex crept into their apartment careful not to wake Kate, who would have a fit if he did. He took a shower, and changed into his pajama pants he loved to wear to bed. Being the curious guy he was, he saw Kate had passed out with her smartphone and picked it. As he was going to set it down, it vibrated at the reception of a new message. He glimpsed down to see what it said.

"Yeah, then dump him." Concerned, he unlocked Kate's smartphone (Although she was spoiled, she was by no means smart.). What he found inside drove him to rage. The woman he thought he loved had deceived him only to get a car. He decided he would make Ms. Perfect pay. He walked into the kitchen and got a medium-sized bowl and filled it with warm water. It was revenge time. He slipped her hand into the water, went to the camera application, and readied himself. After a short wait, golden revenge began flowing out of her pink panties, and into the phone's memory. Alex watched Kate's urine seep through her sexy pink panties, and pool on top of the bed. He was kinda turned on by this, but now wasn't the time. Afterwards, he took the camera and furthered the evidence by capturing the wet spot on her panties and urine in the bed. He quickly removed the bowl from the scene and sent the picture to everyone in her contacts. Alex never had to deal with Kate's Crap again.

Thanks to Ranpalan for some tips.

*002*2014-01-06 16:33

{{ 

Well, this has potential and I like the details, but it just seems too abrupt, like there was no build up. Granted im not a writer myself and could have no idea what im talking about, it just seemed to be too short. Other than that it was pretty good

}}

I'm not a big fan of huge stories, but thanks for the advice.

