Milly and Tamiya's report - a code lyoko story

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-12-30 03:21

Prologue

At Kadic Academy, Milly Solovieff and Tamiya Diop went to record the story of the comet. Tamiya was holding the camera as Milly reported. "Today is a once in a lifetime chance. Only once every nearly hundred years, comet VG 724 appears and Kadic Academy will have a front row seat." Tamiya began to feel a need to use the bathroom and couldn't stand still. "Tamiya, hold the camera steady," said Milly. "Now we'll have to edit it."

"I just have to go to the bathroom," said Tamiya. She looked around. "There's no one around. Can we turn the camera off so I can go here?"

"The comet will be hear any second," said Milly. "We can't miss a second of it. Go behind the camera if you want, but do not turn the camera off." Tamiya was too desperate to consider anything else. "As long as we can edit the sounds out." Holding the camera in one hand, Tamiya unzipped her pants, letting them fall to her ankles as she pulled her panties down. Then she relaxed, peeing onto the grass as she held up the camera to see the comet. As Milly watched and listened to her friend's peeing, she felt the result of drinking a large soda. Milly pulled down her pants and underwear and joined Tamiya in tinkling on the grass. "Keep the camera at my face," said Milly. Tamiya did so, but once filmed a second of Milly's vagina, which was emptying pee at her feet.

"Good thing we were able to remove these scenes," said Milly, as they watched the filmed peeing, now separate from the news story. "Can you imagine if we kept that in?" asked Tamiya. "It might be even worse than what we did to Sissi."

"Don't remind me," said Milly. "What should we do with the footage?"

"Keep it for ourselves," said Tamiya with a shrug. "One day we we'll laugh over watching it."

"If we laugh over old memories, this footage won't be a lot," said Milly. Tamiya thought, then said, "If we could have a lot of footage to laugh over, I have an idea how to get more while practicing our journalism skills." Milly seemed intrigued with Tamiya's idea.

Chapter 1: Peeing outside

"Peeing outside," said Milly to the camera on the stand. "Is it really as bad as everyone thinks? Our own Ms. Diop is here to give her opinion."

"Thank you, Ms. Solovieff," said Tamiya. "We've all been there. Having fun outside and you have to use the bathroom. Going inside to the bathroom and coming out takes a lot of time. Is there anything wrong with saving time by going outside where you already are?"

"Something to think about," said Milly. "Besides, there are people with bladder problems who have to go constantly."

"Exactly," said Tamiya.

"Our time outside is precious. Why waste time going inside to use the bathroom when you can do it easily outside? Besides, it can be fun in its own way, whether you are by yourself or with a friend. If you would like to demonstrate with me." Both girls placed the camera in front of them as they hid behind a bush. They lowered their pants and underwear and bent down, letting out two yellow streams that pooled around them. "It sounds and feels nice," said Milly. "It's also nice to do a natural thing in nature," said Tamiya. "What would you say are the benifts for peeing outside?" asked Milly.

"It's good for the environment, saves time from going inside and asks extra fun outdoors," said Tamiya. "Not to mention bathrooms are not always available," said Milly. "I think being able to pee outside is a good thing to learn. We encourage you, our loyal followers, to try the same. This has been Milly Solovieff and Tamiya Diop reporting to you live from Kadic Academy."

Chapter 2: Standing

"Standing while peeing has been something only boys could do," said Tamiya. "But Kadic's own Milly Solovieff believes she has found a way for girls to stand as well."

"That is correct," said Milly. "How and why did you develop this technique, Ms. Soloveiff?" asked Tamiya. "We girls know how we have to squat outside," said Milly. "We also know boys can stand and aim. I have wanted to find a way to pee that is convienent and to show the boys who think standing makes them better than girls. I should like to demonstrate. Ms. Diop, if you'd join me, I can teach you as well."

They stood in front of the camera. "For a first timer, you might want to pull everything all the way down," said Milly. "When you become good at it, you may only need to lower the front down." Both girls stood completely naked from the waist down. "Adjusting the folds girls have in their private areas is the secret," said Milly. "It's all about pulling down just right." With a couple fingers, Milly held her folds apart in a certain way. Tamiya did the same. "You might to bend your knees a little bit," said Milly. They did so and Milly let out a golden arc that hit a spot some feet in front of her. Tamiya did the same, making a good sized arc.

"Now you can experiment to get the best position," said Milly. She performed a series of moves. "Some may try to fully stand. Some may thrust all the way out and if you move your hips around, the pee will follow." The girls tried these moves and soon the streams slowed. Milly's ended with steady drips just under her vagina, while Tamiya lost control, getting pee on the lens. She wiped it off. "Don't worry. It takes practice," said Milly. "I encourage all our female followers to try as well. I believe this would make many girls' lives easier and a chance to show boys they are not the only ones to have it easy."

"Well, this is something I will practice," said Tamiya. "I look forward to becoming an expert like you and showing up the boys. Until then, this has been Milly Solovieff and Tamiya Diop live with the Kadic news."

Chapter 3: Crowded Girls Rooms

Tamiya filmed Milly in the girls room, who spoke to the camera. "Every girl knows of the long lines for the girls room. Our own Tamiya Diop believes she has found alternative solutions. Ms. Diop, you may speak." The camera was placed on a counter as Tamiya stepped in front. "When was the last time a girl really had to pee but the line for the bathroom was too long?"

"Yesterday," said Milly. "I waited for several minutes in line and I got in, all the stalls were taken. It was too much for me to take, and I peed on the floor and ran out before anyone saw." Tamiya patted her shoulder. "I'm sure you're not the only girl who has resorted to desperate measures. That is why I am showing a couple solutions any girl may use. For my first and more daring, if you will accompiny me, I will take you to a suitable place."

They continued filming in the boys room, which was empty and the door locked. "You really mean daring," said Milly. "This is something I discovered from your standing lessons," said Tamiya. "I believe I know your idea," said Milly. "I'll try it too." Both girls took a urinal and lowered their clothing. They let out two streams into the urinals, the camera placed where it could film the action. The girls finished, flushed, and shook themselves dry before pulling on their clothes. "So you would suggest using the boys room for girls who can stand," said Milly. "Why not?" asked Tamiya. "There are no lines in the boys room and when you gotta go, you gotta go?"

"What would say to those who are uncomfortable about exposing your privates to mixed company?" asked Milly.

"We're all human," said Tamiya. "We all have to pee. If we can all stand, the differences might not matter."

"But there may be girls who can't stand or are unwilling to use the boys room," said Milly. "Which I respect," said Tamiya. "That is why I will next show you how girls can pee in the girls room if no stalls are available." They went back to the empty girls room where they together peed on the floor and in the sink. "After all, it can be washed away, so there's harm," said Tamiya. "I would also advocate for urinals in girls rooms for girls who can stand."

"What are your thoughts for peeing in the showers?" asked Milly. "I say go for it," said Tamiya. "Why would you get out and get back in when the water can just wash it away? It's just like the sink solution I have provided."

"So there you have it, fellow viewers," said Milly. "I hope these solutions we have provided will help many girls."

Chapter 4: Peeing in the Pool

At the empty pool, Milly reported. "Peeing in the pool. It may not be as bad as you may think. I say go for it. Our own Tamiya Diop is here to ask questions on my belief. Ms. Diop, you may ask what you want."

"Thank you, Ms. Solovieff," said Tamiya, putting the camera on a bench as she stepped in front. "My main question is how do you justify peeing in the pool?"

"Convience," said Milly. "It's too much trouble to get out of the water, go to the bathroom, and come back. We're surrounded by water anyway. I don't think it's much different from peeing in a lake or ocean, which is full of animal and plant life."

"I will admit it's cold coming out of the water," said Tamiya. "Can you clarify a few myths?"

"I believe I know what myths you are referring to," said Milly. "There is no such thing as a dye in the water to catch you and the chlorinated water is enough that peeing in the pool will cause no health concerns. Now if you are convinced, I will teach you and our viewers how to tinkle in the water without being noticed." Tamiya joined Milly in the water, both in their swimsuits. "Some say peeing near a drain," said Milly. "I would advise caution as drains should not be approached too closely. The key is submerging yourself like so. If you are too near the surface, this will happen." She rose and the water frothed and bubbled around her.

Tamiya tried it fully submerged, feeling herself peeing into her swimsuit and the water getting warmer. "That's the best way to do it," said Milly, who could feel the warm water around Tamiya. "This is my next lesson," said Milly. "There's nothing you can do about the warm water. The best thing to do is keep a distance from anyone and move out of the spot when you can."

"What would you say to those who may pull down their bathing suit?" asked Tamiya. "It's optional," said Milly. "It's not needed, but some may do so until they are more comfortable going in the water. It's all about comfort."

"So these rules apply to other bodies of water as well," said Tamiya. "All bodies of water are the same," said Milly. They got out and dried off. "This concludes our top story for the day," said Milly. The two girls waved at the camera, saying, "Until next time, happy peeing, everyone!"

Epilogue

Milly and Tamiya laughed as they watched the footage. "This could be our best story yet," said Tamiya. "Of course only us will ever see it," said Milly. "I would never post one of those stories ever again."

"Either way, I think our journalism skills have improved," said Tamiya. "I feel we got a lot of practice," said Milly. The girls hid the footage where only they would find it and continued their work for the latest story.

