The Road Trip

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2013-07-23 18:13

It was early Friday morning when Josh awoke to his phone beeping, telling him he had a text message. He grabbed his phone sleepily and flipped it open, seeing he had a missed call and three messages, the most recent one being from his friend Alex, which said "Dude we'll be there in 5 minutes if you aren't ready we're leaving you."

Josh suddenly remembered the weekend trip he and his friends were going on and jumped out of bed. He pulled on a clean pair of blue jeans over his boxers, a Legend of Zelda tee-shirt, and a white hoody. He put on deodorant and a belt to keep his pants from sliding off of his thin frame. Josh grabbed his duffel bag he had packed the night before and headed out of his tiny apartment, locking the door behind him. He went down the stairs to the first floor (he lived on the second), and hurried out to the parking lot, where he saw Alex's black camry already waiting.

"Awesome man I thought we'd have to leave you!" Alex said as Josh tossed his duffel bag into the back seat and slid in beside it.

"Mm." Josh answered, sill half asleep.

"We're gonna stop for gas and then hit the road." Josh's other friend, Markus, said from the front passenger seat.

Josh put on his seatbelt and settled into his seat as Alex pulled out of the parking lot of Josh's apartment building. It was a very short drive to the gas station, and in minutes everyone was getting out of the car. Alex pumped gas while Markus and Josh went inside to get a snack and something to drink for the trip. Alex went straight to the coffee machine and got himself a large cup of coffee to wake himself up with. He grabbed a pastry on his way to the check-out counter, paid, and then went back out to Alex's car. He slid into the back seat and took a sip of his coffee as Markus got into the front, fitting two large sodas into the cupholders. Alex finished getting gas and got into the driver's seat.

"Here we go, off to the cabin!" Alex said, pulling out of the gas station. He was referring to his parent's cabin up in the mountains, which would be empty this weekend. They were planning on having a guy's weekend to smoke and drink as much as they wanted without Markus's girlfriend hanging around and killing the mood. She was only a Junior in high school, wheres Markus, Alex, and Josh had all graduated almost a year ago. Josh and Alex couldn't stand Markus's girlfriend, who was a goody-two-shoes and always acted like she was better than them because she didn't "break rules".

Josh sipped his coffee and ate the pastry he had bought. Before he knew it, they were both gone. He leaned forward to put his empty cup and wrapper into the back cupholders and felt a familiar pressure in his low abdomen. He almost groaned aloud as he sat up straight again. He had been in such a rush to be ready in time that he had forgotten to pee. Even at the gas station he had been so sleepy that he didn't notice his full bladder. And now he could feel the coffee he had consumed making its way to his bladder.

Josh shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He knew the trip would be about four hours long, and Alex's car got good mileage, meaning they wouldn't need gas.

Maybe I can hold it until then.... Josh thought to himself.

###

A couple hours later, Josh was beginning to think he wouldn't be able to make it. His bladder screamed for relief and spasmed frequently, causing Josh to squirm and fidget. He knew he should ask Alex to pull over so he could pee behind a tree on the side of the road, but he was extremely pee-shy. He hated telling people he had to pee, and he could not pee in front of others. He did have a fairly strong bladder from years of holding it all day at school, since he had always been afraid to ask permission during class and was simply unable to go when there were other people in the bathroom during passing period.

He had had several accidents in elementary school, but by Junior High he had mastered being able to hold it all day until he got home. He usually been quite desperate by his last class, and had to squirm and fidget constantly on the bus ride home to keep himself from leaking. He always made it though, except for one time during his Sophomore year when he had drank an extra bottle of water at lunch because of some weird insatiable thirst he had, and ended up with a sizable wet spot on the front of his pants during his bus ride and had lost control and fully peed himself right outside his bathroom door.

A small drop of pee escaped him, and Josh quickly crossed his legs and tried to regain his concentration. He really didn't want to pee himself in Alex's car, but he couldn't ask him to pull over either. He leaned his head against the cool window and stared out at the trees flashing past with his gray-blue eyes, trying to think of something (ANYTHING) else other than how badly he had to pee.

Josh was trying to think of other things when, suddenly, it began to rain. The drops of water splattering on the car didn't help Josh's predicament. He turned away from the window and faced forward, staring at the back of Alex's seat.

Josh fidgeted and bit his lip. He hadn't peed since before eating dinner last night, and he had drank a few glasses of water with dinner and a soda while he was watching tv before he went to bed. His bladder spasmed again, causing him to double over in pain. Oh God....There's no way I can make it....I just need to ask Alex to pull over... Josh squeezed his thighs together and straightened up, taking a deep breath.

"Alex? Um..." Josh bit his lip. Just ask! Just say, "Please pull over for a minute, I really need to take a leak."!

"Yeah?" Alex looked at him through the rearview mirror. Josh opened his mouth to ask him to stop somewhere, but his nerves failed him.

"Ah....um.....C-can you...?" Josh stammered, the blurted out "Can you tell us how Tiffany is doing?" Josh smirked, refferring to Alex's sister who was older than him by a year. It was common knowledge that Josh had a crush on her. Alex rolled his eyes and started babbling on about how annoying she was as Josh looked at his feet, trying not to lose control. He shoved his hands into the pocket of his sweatshirt and squeezed his thighs together tightly.

Crap! Why can't I just ask?? How hard is it to tell them I have to piss??!

Suddenly they hit a large pothole, sending a jolt to Josh's bladder. He gasped as he started leaking, and his hands flew to his crotch. He managed to stop the leak after a few seconds. Josh removed his hands from his crotch to inspect the damage. The urine hadn't soaked through to his jeans, but he could feel a wet patch in his boxers. Josh looked toward the front seat to see if Alex and Markus had noticed anything. Lucky for him, they were too busy talking about some TV show Josh wasn't interested in to notice their friend's struggle with his full bladder.

Josh glanced at the clock. It was 9:30, and if nothing happened on the road they would be there by 11. Oh man....there's no way I can hold it.... Josh crossed his legs and squirmed. His bladder screamed at him to pee, and was furious at him for not peeing sooner. Josh knew he needed to let his friends know that he had to go. But every time he opened his mouth to do so, no sound came out.

###

At 10, he was beginning to panic. He had to squirm and squeeze his thighs together constantly. The wet spot in his boxers was now very cold and made his bladder want to release itself even more. His belt and seatbelt pressed hard against his poor, overstretched bladder and the rain splattering the windows made everything worse.

To Josh's horror, the road suddenly turned bumpy. Every bump caused his bladder to spasm horribly. A particularly large bump caused urine to spurt out the end of his penis for several seconds before Josh managed to stop it. There was now a dime-sized wet spot in the crotch of his jeans. It wasn't very noticeable, but he knew it was only a matter of time before he leaked again. He grabbed his crotch, bracing himself against the bumps. Crap, crap, CRAP!!! I have to GO! Josh whimpered quietly as another bump caused him to spurt into his boxers.

When the road smoothed out again, Josh squeezed his thighs together and straightened up, trying to give his bladder more room instead of compressing it by doubling over. He was very tempted to undo his seatbelt, but he knew his friends would hear that and ask what he was doing. He glanced at the clock and almost groaned aloud. It was only 10:06.

He looked at the front seat saw that Markus had fallen asleep. Josh grabbed his penis through his pants freely now, since Markus couldn't see and Alex was too focused on driving to look back and notice. He squirmed as another spasm rocked his bladder and looked longingly at his empty coffee cup. If only I could pee in there... he thought, I'd probably fill it before my bladder was emptied, but at least it'd be some relief....But Alex would hear.... He whimpered and bit his lip as a huge wave of desperation overtook him.

Another wave followed soon after and he doubled over, resting his forehead against the back of Alex's seat. Nngh....Why didn't I realize I had to go when we were at the gas station?! Oh shit.... His bladder spasmed and urine dribbled into his underwear for a full five seconds. He looked out of the car window desperately. Just ask Alex to pull over! His brain screamed at him. But Josh soon realized that Alex couldn't pull over to let Alex pee even if Josh asked him to. They were now driving on a narrow mountain pass with guard rails on one side of the road and a rock face on the other.

Another wave of desperation overtook Josh and he dribbled into his underwear, soaking into the seat a bit before Josh could stop it. Oh no...oh no....I'm going to wet myself! Josh bit his lip and looked at his empty coffee cup. Before he could stop himself, he was unbuckling his seatbelt and grabbing the coffee cup.

"What are you doing?" Alex asked, hearing the seatbelt click. Josh said nothing. He undid his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and ripped down his fly. He took the lid off the coffee cup and pulled his penis out of his damp boxers. He scooted forward into the corner behind Alex's seat and lined himself up with the cup. "Josh?" Josh tried to ignore him and relax his muscles so he could pee. But he couldn't relax. Not with his friends in the car. "Josh, what the hell are you doing?! Get back in your seat and put on your seatbelt! Do you want me to get pulled over??" Josh whimpered as a small stream of urine dribbled out of his member and into the cup. "Josh?" Alex asked, slightly concerned. "What are you doing?"

"Oh man, you better pull over soon dude." Markus had woken up and was now watching Josh's attempt to relieve himself.

"What? Why?" Alex looked at the rearview mirror.

"Oh dude, why didn't you say something?" Markus asked.

"I..I...couldn't...." Josh stammered, fighting back tears. He had to go so bad but he couldn't. He couldn't pee into the cup.

"Just go dude. Let some out and you can finish up when we get there." Markus said. Josh tried to. He tried to relax his muscles, then he tried pushing on them to force his bladder to empty. He could only force out tiny spurts that barely covered the bottom of the cup.

"We'll be there in 45 minutes Josh." Alex said, finally catching on. He knew that Josh was very pee-shy, as he had been in Josh's 7th period class their Freshman year and had rode the bus with him as well. "If I see a place to pull off sooner, I'll stop, okay?"

Josh nodded and groaned as he tried to empty his bursting bladder. A wave of desperation swept over him and pee spurted out the end of his member. He didn't bother trying to stop the leak this time. He had filled the cup halfway before he remembered where he was. As soon as he remembered he was in a car with his friends his muscles tightened involuntarily.

No! No!!! Josh wanted to scream. He had to go so bad and was on the verge of wetting himself and he still couldn't pee in front of his friends. Alex turned up the radio, knowing Josh couldn't go if he thought others might be able to hear him. Josh closed his eyes and tried to relax. Pee shot out of his penis, quickly filling the cup. He clenched his muscles and ended the flow before the cup overflowed, then put the lid on the cup and sat back in his seat. Alex turned the radio down.

"Feel a little better?" He asked Josh. Josh tucked himself back into his pants and shrugged. His bladder was less full, but now it protested loudly at him not peeing enough. Josh crossed his legs and squirmed.

"Here, man." Markus slurped down the rest of his soda and passed the cup back to Josh. It still had ice in it, meaning there was less room for Josh to pee in, but it was something. Josh took the lid off the cup and slid forward in his seat again. He pulled himself out of his pants and lined his dripping member up with the Styrofoam cup. Alex turned the radio back up and Josh waited. He tried to relax but couldn't go. A few stray spurts made it out of his bladder and into the cup, but he couldn't empty his bladder completely no matter how hard he tried. Tears brimmed in his eyes and his breath came in short gasps.

Oh God....I can't do this...I can't go! The car hit a large bump and Josh's bladder was jolted. Urine dribbled out of the end of his member. He tried to let the dribble continue, but it stopped when his muscles tightened up involuntarily. Trembling, he set the nearly empty cup in the empty cup holder in the back seat, tucked himself back into his pants, and curled up in his seat like a pretzel, gasping and whimpering in pain.

"You need to stop, like, now." Josh heard Markus yell over the radio. Alex glanced into the rearview mirror and saw Josh curled up against the door and holding himself. Alex turned the radio down again.

"As soon as I find a place to stop I will." he said to Josh. Josh nodded, whimpering.

Five minutes later, Josh was squirming constantly and on the verge of tears. Meanwhile, there was finally a shoulder to stop the car on and a wooded area on the right side of the car. Alex flipped on his hazard lights and slowed down, pulling onto the shoulder and stopping.

"Here, you can get out and go now Josh." Alex said. Josh straightened up slowly and opened the door. He held himself tightly as he hobbled out of the car and over to the trees. He had to stop several times to double over against the pain in his bladder. Finally, he got to a decent sized tree and shuffled behind it. He pulled his member out of his damp pants and closed his eyes. It was still raining, causing large drops of icy water to fall onto his burning penis. The rain and the cars going down the freeway were loud enough that Josh could finally relax. Urine jetted out of his penis at full-force, splattering against the tree. Josh moaned in ecstasy as he felt sweet relief wash over him. He peed an ocean against the tree before his stream even slowed, then peed for a full minute before his bladder was empty.

Josh tucked himself back into his pants. He zipped and buttoned his jeans and redid his belt before walking back to Alex's car. His legs felt weak and wobbly from his profound relief. He slid back into his seat and rebuckled his seatbelt.

"All better?" Alex asked. Josh nodded, grinning. He felt amazing. He relaxed in his seat and smiled, excited for when they would get to the cabin.

