Daniel and Amy - Page 29

Author: Barry

*701*2017-03-21 08:49

{{56 minutes ago, Flower said:

You've been busy the last few days barry! Though I find messing a big turn off this was well written and I was able to read it all. I love how you talked about the lessons Dan learned while cleaning up haha

}}

Thanks Flower.

As I said to Alex, I find it more difficult to write about, although I don't personally mind participating in it occasionally.

I think that exact descriptions aren't necessary. Nobody needs to know exact, specific details about colour, texture, and stuff like that.

I feel a lot of people are a bit like myself, where the CONCEPT of messing is a lot better than the act of doing it. For me, it brings on an instant "little mode" experience, but I loath the clean up. When writing about it, I want to be descriptive enough to bring out that little feeling, but not to gross anyone out.

As always, I appreciate your feedback. It's good to know that a person who doesn't share that interest wasn't TOO put off by it.

*705*2017-04-01 02:33

Chapter 13:

Sunday morning broke with the promise of a nice day ahead. Although the weather was definitely getting cooler, especially at night, the early morning rays of sunshine and the hint of clear blue sky that Dan could see through the crack in his curtains was a good omen. He stretched out indulgently, his toes curling inside his footie pyjamas, and his wet diaper sliding across his backside. But even the newfound knowledge that he'd again soaked his nappy during the night, wasn't enough to take the edge off his good mood.

Amy was coming! And so were his friends!

This had all evolved during a whirlwind of texts and phone calls the previous evening.

Amy had rang him, wanting to come over and spend the day, and of course he had happily agreed. Sonia had to go out for the day, and Amy didn't want to go, so rather than stay home alone, she had pleaded to go to Dans place instead. Neither of them had a lot of money, so their options for entertainment were going to be limited, but they didn't care, they just wanted to see each other. Just hanging around the house would be good enough.

She had called him on the home phone, and as he sat on the floor of the hallway talking excitedly with her, his cell phone had rung. That had been Scott. Matts dad, a builder, had an urgent job to do in Dans street, and had agreed to bring the boys with him so they could visit their friend, that is of course, if Dan wanted them to.

What followed was Dan holding two conversations at once, making sure that Amy was completely cool with the idea of his three friends being there as well. A trip to the park for a kick of the football was the centrepiece of their grand plan. Amy thought that was a great idea, getting them out of the house for a bit of fun, without any grownups around was always better than lounging around watching TV. So it had been planned. Amy would arrive around 9, and the boys a bit later. Sue had groaned a little bit at the thought of having a house full of children running around so early on a Sunday morning, but she still grudgingly agreed. After all, it hadn't been very long ago that she had been concerned about Dans lack of friends. Now he was making friends, even getting his little girlfriend, she couldn't really complain.

As for Dan, he felt like a little kid on Christmas morning! Not only was his girlfriend coming, but this would be the first time his mates would be at his house. He'd even tidied his room up. Well, a little bit. Even though he'd sometimes stay in bed until at least ten on a Sunday morning, he didn't mind getting up early for this.

He might be a Good Little Catholic Boy, but they weren't really a church-going family, and besides this was going to be way better than attending church.

He bounded out of bed, examining his sheets. Although his diaper was heavy and hanging low, he hadn't leaked, and his pyjamas and sheets were unscathed. He opened his window to air the faint taint of pee from the air, and picked his paci off the floor, where it had fallen during the night. He stripped off his babyish pyjamas, and hid those, with his paci in his bottom drawer. He'd already hidden his diaper stash there the previous night, tucked under an old blanket. He always kept his packaged diapers in the spare room closet anyway, only taking a few at a time into his room, which he could easily hide. Currently, under the blanket, were 4 Goodnights, and 3 each of the grownup tape ons and pull ups. He took a pull up, and wandered into his bathroom.

Dans diaper felt heavy, but his need to pee indicated that he must've wet awhile ago. The weight hanging from the back reminded him of how his diaper had felt when he'd pooped in it yesterday. It had felt weird. The act of doing it had been kinda fun, certainly making him feel very little and naughty, but the clean up had been unpleasant. He wondered if he'd ever do it again, and felt a bit guilty when he realised that he probably would.

As he turned the shower on, the sound of running water went straight to his bladder, and he found himself suddenly pressing his knees tightly together and hunching forward, in a desperate attempt to stop himself from wetting. It was completely an automatic response, and it was only when his sodden diaper squelched against his boyhood, that he remembered that he was still wearing one.

He afforded himself a grin in the mirror, as he adjusted the water, sticking his hand under the flowing warmth, and relaxed, feeling fresh warmth enveloping his balls. He stood like that for a good thirty seconds, warm shower water running over his wrist and hand, while his already over-taxed diaper eventually failed, and a different sort of warm water started running down his hairless leg, over his bare foot, soaking into the towel on which he stood.

Once his bladder had emptied, and the wet patch on the towel between his feet had grown to the size of a large plate, he broke his gaze with his reflection, ripped the diaper tapes off, bagged and binned it, and stepped into the shower.

His boyhood was fully erect, standing proudly out of his little thatch of pubic hair, and the thought of taking himself by the hand for some relief was almost overwhelming, but Amy was coming over, and although their chances of doing anything naughty were like microscopic with the guys there, you could never be too sure. The thought of Amy perhaps helping him get some relief later was enough to stop him from touching himself. Mostly. Anyway, he could always play with himself later.

He dressed himself in his footy gear. His blue and gold West Coast Eagles jumper, and his tight little blue football shorts that Amy had liked so much. He was wearing a camo kiddie pull up, and it scrunched beneath him as he sat on the bed to pull his knee length blue and gold Eagles socks on. Now dressed like his football playing heroes, he padded downstairs in his socked feet to have breakfast.

Sue smiled at her son. It was cute seeing him dressed in his footy gear, going to play outside with his friends. She knew that this wouldn't last for much longer. Within a year or two, he might still be kicking a football around, but he wouldn't dress like his idols anymore. He was right on the cusp between childhood and adulthood, with his special footy outfit, his footie pyjamas and newfound use of his pacifier again, (which she was beginning to suspect had little to do with him giving up smoking,) offset against his growing social life, his recently rebellious behaviour, and his girlfriend.

It was nice to see there was still a bit of childishness left in her little boy, at least for now. She wasn't in any particular hurry for him to grow up too quickly.

Dan was rinsing his plate, and the large glass that had contained apple juice, when Amy knocked at the door. They managed to contain their emotions well enough, opting for a chaste kiss on the cheek each, before running upstairs holding hands, with Sue yelling out for them to keep the bedroom door open, making them giggle.

Once inside his room, (door left open) they kissed properly, embracing each other while the giggling like fools. Dan stepped back, taking in the sight of his girlfriend, and feeling his penis twitching inside his pull up as he did.

Amy was wearing a strappy black top, sleeveless, exposing glimpses of the black sports bra she wore underneath. Tied around her waist was a boys flannel shirt, the arms knotted around her flat belly, dropping in front of her baggy pink sweatpants, the same ones he'd seen her wet before. She kicked her shoes off downstairs, and her feet were clad in grey cotton socks, with pink heels and toes. She looked quite athletic, in a comfortable sort of way.

"What's with the sweats, Amy? I thought you only wore those around the house?"

"Gotta have something to kick a football in, Danny boy! I've never tried kicking one of these Australian footballs before. Gotta be comfortable!"

"What? You're going to play too? I thought you were just gonna watch!"

Amy sneered at him good naturedly. "Why? Cos I'm a girl? Guess what mate? I'm gonna kick your arse at this stupid Aussie football. Real men play Rugby ya know! But you might have to teach me," she added sheepishly.

Dan laughed, agreeing immediately. "But you might get a bit hot running around in thick sweatpants. Didn't you bring any shorts?"

"Yeah. But my diapers are so visible in shorts Danny! Especially if I run around. That's why it's usually baggy dresses or skirts or sweatpants or jeans. But I can't really kick a football in jeans or a skirt, can I?"

Dan nodded, seeing the logic behind her thoughts. Before he could speak, she spoke again, surprising him with her words.

"Besides Catholic Boy, you might wanna think about what you're wearing as well......"

He looked befuddled, casting her a curious eye.

"I can see your diaper," she informed him. "Danny sweetie, you know I love your little footy shorts, but they're so tight, your pull up is showing. Even a stranger could tell what you're wearing under them!"

She guided him over to the mirror, standing behind him, with her arms around his middle and her head on his shoulders, her long blonde hair, heavily laced with green stripes today, cascaded over the bare arms that stuck out from his sleeveless jumper. They smiled at their reflection, and she gently raised the front of his jumper past his belly button, fully exposing his royal blue shorts.

His breath caught in his throat. The outline of his pull up was clearly visible beneath the tight fabric, especially around his bottom, and the waistband was stick out in at least 3 places. His heart raced as he tried to remember if he'd ever worn these in public with a pull up on before, but he soon relaxed, realising that he wore them for swimming more often than not, and never with a diaper on before now, except for the swim diaper he'd worn at Amys, and that didn't count.

Christ! His bloody mother! She must've been aware of just how close he'd come to completely humiliating himself in front of his mates! She must've seen it! It was so fucking obvious!

The fact that he hadn't noticed it himself, slipped conveniently out of his mind. He sighed with frustration, making Amy laugh teasingly.

"Don't stress Danny! Just put a looser pair of shorts on! Maybe your orange ones? They hide your protection really well?"

"Thanks Ames. It's just that Scottys a Dockers supporter, and they're like the Eagles worst enemies. Scotty said last night he was gonna wear his gay Dockers stuff. I wanted to show him what a real team looks like."

"Boys," Amy muttered, shaking her head. "You'll still have the jumper and those cute socks Dan, just different shorts."

"No babe. I know what I'm gonna do. I'll take the pull up off instead. I really want to wear all the gear today."

Amy looked concerned. "Do you really think that's wise Dan? Going out with the guys unprotected?"

"Yeah babe. It'll be sweet, trust me. We play footy all the time at school, like nearly every lunchtime, and I never have an accident. I just make sure I go to the boys room before I have lunch, and again before I go back to class. Besides, we're only going down the road to the park for a little while. I'll pee before I go, and it'll be cool. You know how long I can hold if I really have too. I can always piddle in the bushes down there in an emergency."

It made sense, and she told him so. He went into the bathroom to swap his pull up for briefs, regretfully refusing her kind offer of help, worried about his mother catching them, damn her.

Safely changed, with no diaper to embarrass him anymore, they relaxed on the bed, but not side by side, lest they get caught. Amy laid back, and Dan sat on the side. She put her socked feet on his lap, and he gave her a slow foot rub, causing them both to occasionally moan softly with pleasure. They chattered aimlessly, talking a lot about nothing in particular, and it was good.

When the knock on the door sounded, heralding the arrival of the trio of young boys, Dan had to compose himself, giving his erection time to settle down before at last running down the stairs holding Amys hand, to greet his mates in the kitchen.

*707*2017-04-01 13:34

Just noticed! This has been going for over a year now!

*715*2017-04-05 11:59

Chapter 14:

Dan gave the guys a tour of the house, after pouring everyone a glass of Coke, which everyone accepted gratefully. His friends were impressed with the pool and his room, and they chatted amongst themselves comfortably. Amy couldn't stop laughing after hearing stories about the boys previous nights sleepover, although Dan neglected to tell her that he'd been smoking again, and she told them, especially Scott, about what her and Nikki had gotten up to, although she left out a few pertinent details. Amy and Dan had already discussed their personal diaper dilemmas before the boys had arrived, and she was pleased that he had managed to get through the night without any embarrassment. She had told him about how herself and Nikki had enjoyed using their diapers around each other, (which he'd obviously enjoyed hearing) but had somehow failed to mention how they had been a lot more hands-on than usual whilst helping each other get changed. Dan simply didn't need to hear that, she'd decided.

After the grand tour, the kids spent some time just lounging around talking and drinking soda, and it didn't take long for them to finish the bottle, so they decided that they would stop and grab some more on their way to the park. Scott was dressed like Dan, but in his Dockers gear, with his baggy grey sweatpants over his purple shorts, and had bought his football, and the rivalry was already starting to show. Without wasting any time, they said goodbye to Sue, and started walking to the park.

Sue mentally cursed herself as she watched her son leave. Earlier on, he had been wearing a pull up, but when he returned from upstairs with Amy, he'd obviously taken it off. Whether or not he'd wet himself was irrelevant, and she didn't care. What bothered her now, was the fact that he was going out unprotected. She had meant to pull him aside and remind him to pad up, and go to the toilet before he left, but she hadn't had the chance. The kids had been just hanging around for awhile, then suddenly announced their departure, and she had been caught offside by it. She couldn't exactly just pull him aside, and remind him to "go potty," or risk his friends overhearing her mentioning her sons nappies, so she had just let him go, trusting that he was managing his condition maturely, like she wanted him to, and had had the foresight to pee before he left.

If she had of known that he was now holding a large glass of apple juice, and not one, but two glasses of Coke in his undersized bladder, and hadn't peed since he'd used his nappy before having a shower earlier, before even having breakfast, then she would have had absolutely no second thoughts about pulling him aside and talking to him. But as it was, all she could really do was say goodbye with a smile, and tell the kids to simply have fun and be careful.

A stop at the shop for drinks and snacks saw the kids stocking up, and Dan and Amy pooled their meagre funds together, buying a large ice tea and packet of potato chips to share.

Once at the park, Dan gave Amy a quick lesson on how to hold and kick the oddly shaped ball. Kicking an Aussie Rules football is an acquired art, and can't be simply done in a five minute lesson, but surprisingly, Amy wasn't too bad for a beginner, especially for a, you know, "girl." She wasn't likely to be immediately selected to play for either the Eagles nor the Dockers, but she could at least make contact, and get a small amount of height and distance, although with a bit of wobble on the ball. The boys were supportive, laughing and cheering her as she kicked the ball around, giggling and grinning. Playing sports wasn't exactly her forte, and it felt good to be running around having fun, even if it was with a pack of boys.

Soon, Matt and Ali were at one end, leaning into each other, pushing their opponent around, while Scott, with his sweats now removed, was with Dan and Amy at the other end, but Amy let the boys do all the physical stuff, choosing to stand back laughing as they pushed each other around.

One side would kick the ball to the other, while the receiving end would push and shove, trying to mark, (or catch) the tumbling ball. Amy soon learned that although it seemed important for the boys to mark the ball, they generally took turns in letting each other kick it, although it wasn't entirely uncommon for the winning marker to suddenly take off, bouncing the ball as they ran, while their opponents tried to tackle them. Dan and Scott were a lot more gentle with Amy than with each other, and generally let her have a go, all the while offering tips and encouragement.

Scott, the natural athlete of the group, was a bit more talented than Dan, and on a few occasions outmarked him, then side stepped with ease, before effortlessly punting the ball in the other direction, easily out manouvering their attempts at tackling him.

But Dans fortunes changed, when a high ball floated towards them. He gave a gentle push with his hips, knocking Scott off balance briefly, and marking the wobbling ball above his head. "GO EAGLES!" Dan shouted, deftly stepping aside, his attention on his stumbling mate, before side stepping, and attempting a running bounce of the ball.

Dan made two mistakes. First, running and bouncing at the same time is difficult, and he fumbled it, watching in dismay as it almost bounced away, and his attention was fully focused on regaining control again. Secondly, he forgot about Amy, who, up until now, had left the rough play to the boys.

But now, she saw her chance. Dans attention was completely on the bouncing ball, and how to regain it. He wasn't even looking at her as a threat. He was nearly past her, when she lunged out, surprising him by wrapping her arms around his waist, trapping his arms against his body, and dragging him to the ground in an almost perfect tackle, while the ball spilled free. The look of shock on his face as she dragged him down, holding on tightly, was purely priceless, and Scott, Matt, and Ali erupted with cheering and laughter as the pretty girl bought her boyfriend down perfectly, although she did end up almost on top of his back, while he sprawled face first into the ground.

"Go Dockers!" Amy yelled, much to the delight of the other boys, who continued whooping it up and cheering wildly.

Dan himself had started to laugh at first, the shock of the unexpected challenge soon replaced with a certain pride in his girlfriend, but his laughter was short lived.

He lay there, spread eagled and face down, laughing to begin with, until he felt a sudden spreading warmth around his genitals.

He was wetting his pants, and he couldn't stop.

*719*2017-04-07 02:27

I swear I saw Dan and Amy yesterday!

Two private school kids, about 14, her with long blonde hair and a blue streak in it, him with longish brown hair, a touch chubby, holding hands and talking animatedly as they crossed the road in front of me at a school crossing.

Took me a moment to work out what was so familiar looking about them!

Just as I pictured them, lol!

*721*2017-04-14 07:45

Chapter 15:

Amy had rolled off Dans back, giggling madly, aware of the fact that her diaper was wet, but not actually sure of exactly when or how that had happened. She hoped she hadn't leaked, but couldn't do anything about it now anyway. Her boyfriend was laying flat on his stomach, and was laughing at first, but then suddenly became quiet. Scott had been joined by Matt and Ali, and the three boys were whooping and cheering her tackle, but had stopped to grab their drinks. She got to her feet, and surreptitiously pulled briefly at her crotch, relieved to feel dry fabric between her fingers. She swatted Dan playfully on the butt, then extended her hand to him.

"Come on Catholic boy! Get up!"

"I can't," he hissed, and she could tell right away that something was wrong, triggering an immediate concern. She thought that she must have somehow hurt him during the tackle.

"Danny? What's up? Are you okay sweetie?"

"No Ames, I'm not. I've just pissed myself." His voice was wavering, and she could detect tears being held back, but didn't know what to do. This was bad.

The boys saw Amy reach down, with her hand offered, and saw Dan continue to lie there, not taking it. Suddenly, they realised that something wasn't right, and, like Amy, immediately thought that Dan must've hurt himself. They quickly jogged over to see what the problem was. There's little worse than being a kid, and having a friend getting hurt. You have to get them home, or fetch a grownup, and who knows how well they'll take the news.

Scott was the first to speak. He offered Amy his Coke, and tried to sound casual and not worried. "Great tackle Amy! C'mon Danny, it's not that bad mate. You okay? Get up dude!"

"I can't," Dan repeated, his voice hitching, starting to cry.

"What's up man? Are ya hurt?" Matt asked, suddenly concerned.

Dans meagre self control left him in a rush. He took a shaky breath, and the truth exploded out of him.

"I can't get up Matt. I've just hadda accident. I've wet myself."

Silence fell upon the group, and nobody knew where to look. Amy was studying the boys faces, waiting to jump immediately to Dans defence if necessary. If a single one of these boys dared to say the wrong thing, she thought that she would possibly scratch their eyes out. But for a few seconds, nobody said a word.

This was a long way away from the normal conversation that young teenagers are used to having. They didn't even discuss Scott's bed wetting anymore, just pretended like it didn't happen, choosing instead to ignore it, and let him deal with it himself. But, ignoring your friends embarrassment during a ten second morning walk to the bathroom, is a lot different than having your friend wet his pants in the middle of the day in a public park. It couldn't just be ignored, but what exactly should you say? Eventually, Ali broke the ice.

"C'mon Danny. It's not the end of the world. What happened? Did your pull up leak? Don't stress dude, but you're gonna haveta get up eventually. You can't just lie there all day."

Dan was openly crying now, which was almost as embarrassing as wetting his pants, but like that, he had started and couldn't stop. He folded his arms together, and dropped his face into them, as sobs wracked his body. Amy dropped to her knees beside him, and gently rubbed his back, making a "Shhhh" noise, as she tried to comfort him.

It took Dan a couple of sobs to regain control of himself again, realising that Ali was correct, and regardless of his wet pants, he couldn't just stay there all day. He would need to get up eventually. But maybe just not yet. To stall for a moment, he pushed himself up on his elbows, and wiped at the tears on his face, leaving dirty streaks behind.

"I'm, uh, not wearing a pull up Ali. I shoulda been wearing one, I was earlier, but it was like super obvious, so I took it off. I thought I'd be okay for awhile, and I swear I didn't even think that I need to go, but I guess I musta. When Ames tackled me, I just wet myself when I hit the ground. A lot."

"Oh Danny! I'm so sorry!" Amy blurted out, the tears in her own voice obvious to all.

"Don't be sorry Ames. It was a bloody awesome tackle," Scott said with a laugh. "Old jelly legs here just proved again why the Dockers are a much better team, that's all!" He offered an outstretched hand to Daniel. "Come on mate. Let's get it over with. Stand up, and show us what we're dealing with here."

Dan looked perplexed. "Whaddya mean 'we're' dealing with?" But he reached for Scotts hand anyway,

Scott answered as he pulled his friend upright, first to his knees, then to his feet. "Exactly that, doofus. You're our mate. Mates help each other. Stop being a baby, and let us help you, okay?"

When Dan stood up, the damage was obvious. His tight little royal blue shorts were saturated. There was a huge wet spot, which ran from the elastic waistband, and covered almost all of the front. As he stood, a trickle ran down his left leg, but everybody pretended not to notice. His hand went self consciously to his crotch, and he grabbed at it, wincing at the feeling of wetness beneath his fingers, and totally aware of the fact that his hand wasn't big enough to even half cover it. The very bottom of the hem of his blue jumper was obviously wet as well, but it wasn't long enough to pull down and offer any concealment. He felt very vulnerable and exposed, and wasn't entirely convinced that his crying fit had indeed finished for good.

Amy ignored the soaked shorts that her boyfriend wore, and approached him directly from the front, pushing herself against his chest, wrapping her arms around his neck, and kissing an errant tear from his dirty face. It offered only a momentary concealment of his shame, but he was nonetheless grateful, and hugged her tightly against his chest, but did pull his hips back, not wanting to get her pants wet with his pee. "Don't get upset honey. We'll sort this, okay?" Amy whispered in his ear. He could only nod numbly in reply.

Ali was the next to speak. "Mate, let's go and sit down on the bench. You can have a drink and calm down, and we'll work out what to do, okay? Maybe I can run back and get you some clean clothes?"

Dan allowed himself to be led to the bench, where he sat down gratefully, allowing himself the luxury of crossing his legs, and pulling his jumper down, hiding his shame at least a bit. He took a big drink of ice tea, composed himself, and considered his options.

"Thanks Ali. But it probably wouldn't work. Mum'll see you, and wanna know what you're doing. I'd really like to get away with it without mum knowing if I can. If she knows I was dumb enough to go out without my protection, she'll only give me another stupid lecture. I reckon I'll just haveta walk home like this, and I'll like try and walk behind you guys, and hopefully nobody will see me. I fucking hate this..,..."

Scotts face brightened as an idea came to him. "Hang on Danny-boy! I've got an idea. Here! You can wear these!"

He handed Dan the baggy grey sweatpants that he'd been wearing earlier. Dan took them, but looked at him dubiously.

"Thanks Scott. But in case you haven't noticed, I'm covered in piss. I don't wanna get your pants all wet."

Scott only grinned. "Danny, I wear these to bed when the guys come over for our sleepovers. Trust me, it won't be the first time that they've been pissed in, will it guys?" Matt and Ali both grinned, although a bit uncomfortably. It was unusual hearing Scott talking so openly about his bed wetting, but they realised that he was only doing it to make Dan feel better. "I don't think they'll get too bad, and I'll just chuck 'me in the wash when I get home. At least you'll be able to get home without anyone seeing you!"

Dan didn't need too much persuasion. He felt more vulnerable and exposed than what he had done since wetting himself at the beach at his old school, which was ironically enough in this exact same pair of shorts. In the back of his mind, he wondered if they might be jinxed. He kicked his sneakers off, slid the pants on, then pulled his shoes back on without bothering with the laces. He sighed with relief when he stood up, pulling the sweats up and covering his shame.

The kids gathered there belongings, and headed off. There were quite a few people out enjoying the autumn weather, including a few of Dans neighbors, and he was extremely grateful to Scott for the use of his pants, especially when the old lady who lived down the road stopped him to ask about his mother. It felt really weird to be standing there talking to her, while his shorts which had grown cold and clammy were sticking invisibly to his legs underneath his sweatpants.

The final hurdle was going to be getting inside without Sue seeing him, as she would no doubt notice that he was returning in different pants than what he'd left in, but again, his luck was in. The kids were quiet as they snuck in the front door, but a quick glimpse out past the patio, saw his mother putting washing on the clothesline. The coast was clear, so the five kids hurried up to Dans room before they were spotted.

Once safely inside, Dan wasted no time in telling his friends to help themselves to his PlayStation, and he hurriedly selected fresh clothes for himself, opting for his own baggy black sweatpants and a windcheater, and having not the slightest hesitation in pulling a fresh, adult pull up out of his drawers. He hadn't ever thought that he could openly handle a diaper so blatantly in front of his peers, but after what had happened at the park, handling a diaper was the least of his problems. He entered his bathroom, and Amy went with him.

There wasn't even the slightest hint that anything naughty was going to happen, as they were now dealing with an emergency situation. Dan needed to shower and change as quickly as possible, and Amy just wanted to help him get set up. She left briefly to fetch him a clean towel, and when she returned, he was standing in his socks, with Scotts sweats removed, and he blushed red as he handed them to her, asking her in a soft, breaking voice, if she could possibly give them back to Scott please. He kept trying to turn away, but no matter how he twisted, the wet spot on his shorts was on full display.

Amy smiled, taking the pants and draping them over the towel rail, before she grabbed him by the shoulders and kissed him. For a moment he didn't respond, then, feeling himself about to cry again, he sighed, and kissed her back. He jumped with surprise as her hand snaked down, and gripped his boyhood through the wetness of his shorts, smiling at him, letting him know that his wet accident didn't bother her in the slightest. His penis started to stiffen in her hand, and she winked at him, before again picking up Scott's pants and leaving, closing the door behind her.

Scott took the pants off her with a smile, only giving them a cursory glance as he stuffed them into the plastic bag which contained his Coke and his football. She was immensely pleased with his indifference, glad that the boys hadn't made a big deal out of her boyfriends mishap. She had liked Dans friends from the start, but liking isn't the same as trusting, and she had been wary about just how much she could actually count on them. Today, she had learnt that they actually were nice guys, and Dan was safe in their company, which was good to know. For the first time, she felt completely comfortable in their presence.

Matt was sitting in the chair at the desk, where the TV was situated. Ali was sprawled on the floor, and Scott was sitting on the edge of the bed. She kicked her shoes off, and sprawled onto the bed, behind Scotts back. She noticed that the PS was loaded with the latest GTA, but, as yet, they hadn't started playing it. It was pretty obvious that they had been talking amongst themselves prior to her entering the room. She had the feeling that it hadn't been anything too bad though.

After a brief, awkward silence, the sound of the shower door sliding open, followed by running water echoed from the bathroom. Scott cleared his throat, and spoke.

"Its a real bastard of a thing that Danny boy's gotta put up with Ames. He's kinda lucky to have a great girl like you who's willing to, like, you know, help him and stuff. A lotta girls wouldn't be so nice about it, I'll bet."

Amy was nodding slowly, trying to keep her thoughts and emotions in check, not really sure exactly how to respond. In the end, she decided to just follow her instincts, and didn't try too hard to think about what she was about to do. She threw her legs into the air, swinging herself back into an upright position before standing up in front of Dans friends.

"You guys were great today, not pulling the piss out of him or anything, so you probably deserve the truth."

Amy lowered the front of her pink sweatpants, exposing the big diaper she was wearing underneath.

"I'm almost completely bladder incontinent too. In fact, I'm much worse than Dan. I'm diapered 24/7, and haven't got much control at all. Dan and I actually met at an incontinence clinic, and fell in love after we learned how much we've got in common. It's real bad having to wear nappies at our age, and I hope you guys can be trusted enough not to make life too difficult for us."

The shocked silence could almost be cut with a knife.

