Wet week at Church camp

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-11-19 03:52

I didn't want to go to Church camp. There's always somebody else in the bathroom, and the stalls have no doors, only a shower curtain. That's not enough privacy for me. I have a very very very shy bladder. I can't go if I even think somebody might come into the bathroom. So, Church scared the hell out of me, and I'm not talking about the nightly sermons.

But I had a plan -- pullups. I never wet the bed, so I never had used them, but the advertisements on TV made them look like just the thing, and those kids were about my age, well almost. So, on my way home from school, I stopped at a store where we never shopped and bought two packages of the largest pullups I could find.

I hid them well, and my parents never found them, my sister either -- thank Heaven! I packed my duffel bag all by myself, and Mom thought I was really becoming mature and responsible. The way I look at it, what she doesn't know can't hurt me.

I kept one hidden under my mattress. Just before we left to catch the Church bus, I went to the bathroom, locked the door, took one last pee, and put on my pullup. It was a little snug and thicker than I liked, but my shorts were loose, so I decided no one would notice.

The bus trip was less than two hours, so no problem. When we got to camp, they assigned us to a cabin, and we settled in. Each cabin had a girls end with a bathroom, and a boys end with a bathroom. I tried to use it, but no go -- no pun intended.

By lunch I had to go pretty bad, so after lunch I walked off by myself and tried to pee. It was harder than I imagined to start my pee in the pullup, but finally I managed to squeeze out a pretty good wetting for the pullup. Nothing showed. Great!

It felt funny going around in a wet pullup, but I got used to it. My next pee came easier, and I went to change. I had it all worked out. I could wet three pullups a day, with one left over, just in case. I'd never have to pee in the bathroom! Maybe Church camp wouldn't be so bad.

And it wasn't for the first three days.

Then I got a rash. It started over night. In the morning I was all red and raw between my legs. It hurt to walk or even move. Just after lunch our counselor asked why I was walking funny, and I said I had a rash. Of course, I didn't mention why. He told me to go see the camp nurse, I said I'd be okay. He said go to the nurse; so to the nurse I went, after a furtive detour to exchange my pullup for underpants.

The nurse was busy with somebody else, so one of the nurse assistants said she'd help me. She was a college student, and I knew her, because she went to our Church. I didn't want to tell her what was the matter, but she guessed -- I guess she saw me walk in bowlegged. Anyway, she said, "So you have a rash." I hung my head and said, "Yes, but it wasn't too bad." She said, "Let's take a look." Reluctantly I pulled down my shorts. "Pull down your underpants." I did. I'm sure my face was as red as my crotch. "O my, that really is a bad rash," she exclaimed, "You wear pullups, don't you?" How did she know? "I don't wet the bad," I said. "But you do wear pullups; I see the elastic lines on your legs." Damn, she was good. So the whole story came out.

"I think I can fix you up," she said. She pulled a plastic glove onto her hand and brought out a tube of she said was rash cream. First she washed me with antiseptic wipes. That burned a little, but the cream felt good. I have to admit, as embarrassed as I was, it did feel kind of nice when she rubbed cream on my bottom, and it felt really good when she did my peepee. She smiled when I got hard, but said nothing -- thankfully.

As I pulled up my pants -- finally -- she said I should come back that evening and in the morning to get some more cream. Then she told me I wasn't to wear pullups anymore. They were for bed wetters she said, not for day use. That didn't worry me too much, until I got back to the cabin, and the counselor told me to give him all my pullups. She must have called him and told him. Shit.

I really did try to use the bathroom, and once that afternoon I found the place empty and finally managed to squeeze out a pee in the toilet. But the rest of the day I didn't luck out, and when we looking at the stars with the telescope, I wet my pants.

I almost made back to the cabin to change, when this other boy shined his flash light on me and shouted, "Hey, look; _____ peed his pants."

It happened twice more, including on the bud ride home. I was really hoping to make it, but.... Mom and Dad were waiting for me, along with my sister. Somehow they already knew what had happened at camp. "Mom, ___ teeteed his pants" This from my sister. "What's gotten into you, young man?" Mom challenged. "Big boys don't wet their pants. Am I going to have to put you back in diapers?"

"I don't want his pee pants next to me in the car." My sister again -- very supportive my sister. "We'll change him," Mom returned, and led me to the far side of the car.

"Mom, not here!" But Mom already had my wet pants down to my ankles. "Step out of your pants." I did. My underpants followed. There I was bare from the waist down in the Church parking lot. "Bring me the diaper," Mom said. My sister was right there with it. I can always count on my sister. "Spread your legs." Mom. I did and Mom fitted the diaper on me. "Where's my pants?" I asked. "We didn't bring any; you have to ride home in your diaper." Guess who offered that bit of information.

Well, needless to say, my life went all to hell after that. O well; at least I didn't have a shy rectum.

