Faust's Assorted Fic Thread

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2016-06-03 14:42

Hello, Hello! Faust is here, and he has decided to unveil another little thread. Faust has Another Note, his Magic Adventures, and even one for when he was doing some family things....But, Faust had a thought. What if Faust wanted to write scenes, from a different person's point of view? Or, what if Faust wanted to write a one shot? Faust's others are lost to the Archives, and Faust thinks making a new thread every time he thinks up something would be rather troublesome....

Both for Faust to find, and for his readers to, in the case of them wanting to read Faust's fics, without having to spend an inordinate amount of time digging through the pages. So, Faust decided he'll make a thread for his assorted fics......That aren't Another Note, or Faust's Magic Adventures. Faust Hopes you all enjoy this fics, whether they be one shots, or turn into their own series. And, for those who are unaware, Faust has opened a thread where you can ask any of Faust's characters questions!

%https://omorashi.org/topic/31287-fausts-character-interview-thread/

Faust and all of his characters love answering questions, be they serious, silly, or lewd. So, if you want to ask them something, you have a thread for it! And, lastly but not least....Faust wishes you have a nice day! So, without further delay...Let the fiction begin.

=====

Yuno's [First] Experimentation:

The morning sun broke through the windows, stifled by heavy, dark blue curtains. Magenta eyes slowly fluttered open, as a familiar head of pink stretched up from her bed.

"Mmmmmn...Yuno's glad that there's no school today." She called to herself, kicking her feet out from under her covers. "That means Yuno has plenty of time to...research, and experiment."

Yuno had recently come into a very vital piece of information....A particular act of lewdity that stimulated Faust's own desires, greatly. As if on cue, the pinkette could feel a tiny pang just above her nethers.

"That's right...Faust likes..." Yuno started to herself, sliding her fingers to her hips. "...Piddle.."

The thought still brought a flush to her cheeks to think about. Faust, who was the most important person in her life, and had helped her through hard times....

Derived pleasure from...a social taboo, that resulted from long periods of time away from a toilet...Until one's internal waters spilled out, against their will. Yuno lightly pressed a finger to her mouth, thinking about the other night.

"Yuno...held her piddle in for a long time.." she thought, lightly nipping her finger. "But...Yuno's tinkle tank was very tired after her jeans... So...."

She lightly bounced her hips, as if gauging her own current need. Normally, she would have just gone straight to the bathroom and relieved herself, then start her day off on a fresh note....But...

"Yuno...wonders.." She thought to herself, running her hands along the sides of her pink pajamas. Ever since she'd had her first, on-purpose accidents...her mind had wondered...pondered...

'Is Yuno...going to make this a habit?' she thought softly, sliding out of her bed, and pacing past the bathroom.

Her house wasn't exactly small, but having the place to herself always made it feel larger than normal. Yuno's parents were a non-issue with her living, and she spent more time hanging out with Faust, or at school, than at her own place. There was a single table, barely large enough for two plates, and a pair of stools to sit on....

And, in a corner of the room, an old table with a computer mounted atop it. A modem shared the space, along with a cheap mousepad, and a Mouse ported with a USB cable. It wasn't the most impressive piece of technology, but it could serve it's purpose.

"Omo...rashi..." she typed into the address bar, letting autocomplete do it's thing. "Oh good...It looks like Yuno's registration was accepted." Her fingers danced over the keyboard, starting to type in her username quickly.

'Youknowwhoitis'

It was a silly name, but her own sort of inside joke. Nobody would know it was actually her....But, she could giggle about it when she told Faust....If he was on this site as well. She let her fingers type away, setting up an introduction message to the forums, and then starting to explore.

Forums begat forums of data, as she glanced over. There were plenty of...descriptions of what it felt like...Or what it would appear to be. She let her hand dip to her pajama bottoms at this, squeezing herself slightly as she made a few polite comments here and there. She glanced up at the page 'Gallery', and paused.

"Hmm..Yuno needs to wait until there are more approved posts before she can see that.." She thought, before slightly pausing. She went to scroll to her search bar, and started to type in an obvious set of key phrases.

'Girls peeing pants'

She was presented with a few images of girls, and soaked garments. Her eyes looked over them, before she glanced over to the bathroom again. A small panging rang out in her bladder, but...

"Yuno could..." She thought, standing up, and going over to it. "Always...try it out some more."

She wasn't entirely sure how it made her feel, letting her waters flow...But, if it was for the sake of making Faust feel better, then she would try just about anything. She slowly paced into her bathroom, looking over the floor, sink, tub, and commode. She lightly bit her lip, bent at the waist, and stuck out her rump.

"Mmmmnn...Yuno's been holllllllding it all day, Faust." The girl groaned out, wiggling her rump to exaggerate her need. "I..if Yuno tries to hold it anymore..She's gonna...Gonna..!"

She squeezed her eyes shut, and let out a slight whimper...But, even as she did so, her garments remained dry as a bone. She let out a small whimper, trying to let herself relax....and failing.

"Uuuuu...Yuno can't quite do it yet." she mused to herself, quietly. She looked down at her pristine pink pajamas, taking a small breath. "Yuno...Spent so long making sure she'd never pre-emptively empty her tinkle tank...That she can't do it in her clothes, on demand."

She eyed the toilet with a serious look, thinking of what she'd done at Faust's. She'd sit down on it to relieve herself...But, she still had been nearly bursting when she got to it....So, she wasn't sure she could do it on command, in her pajamas.

"Yuno thinks she needs to approach this...differently." She thought, starting out of the bathroom for a moment, feeling the slightest of whines from her bladder for ignoring the toilet after looking at it. "Yuno gave you your chance. Yuno's going to hold it now."

She tensed her legs slightly, moving to her room to change into an outfit fit for going out in public. She peered over some jeans, some skirts, and even a long, ankle-length dress. She looked at it for a few moments, before shaking her head.

"Yuno doesn't want to wet this willy nilly.." She thought, going for a skirt and blouse. Her fingers went over white, pink, and black undergarments..choosing a middle ground.

"Yuno has a bunch of pairs of pink stripes." She mused to herself, clasping a pink-striped bra on her chest, and tugging up a pair of hip-hugging striped panties. She fastened her skirt over her waist, and tugged on a matching blue blouse. Her hands went over some thigh-high white socks, tugging them over her knees, and slipping into her shoes.

"If Yuno is going to...do lewd things with her tinkle.." she uttered to herself, gathering her things. "Then...Yuno should get some more..expendable garments. Things she can dispose of....O..Or.."

She blushed bright red at the thought of handing her soaked things over to Faust...and, for what he would no doubt do to them. Even when she'd turned the shower on, she could hear him the other night...And it made her tingle with delight. The thought of sometime seeing him do that kind of thing in person....

"Y..Yuno should get the clothes, before she makes these ones...wet." she mused, gathering her bag, and wallet, then starting out.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"A...alright..." Yuno stammered quietly, as she paced down the path home...Bags held in her hands. "Yuno...thinks she has enough now. Yuno bought three packs of panties..."

Enough for her to both use as fodder for wetting, and to use in her day to day life.

"Two pairs of jeans...."

She remembered the other day how her jeans were positively flooded, even if she wasn't sure when she lost it. They always felt tight on her, but some of the people on the site mentioned how they could..press on her bladder. And, if she had some more pressure on it...

Pang

She crossed her legs over one another, the thought making her remember she avoided her morning pee. She could feel her bladder twinging a bit more forcefully, making the girl pause for a few moments.

"Yuno...Also got some diuretics.." she remarked to herself. "To..make herself have to pee more...And...P..plenty of drinks.."

She looked down at her bag, debating the urge to grab one of the drinks...Before shaking her head.

"Y...Yuno doesn't want to pee herself just yet.." She thought out loud, feeling her bladder pang in defiance. She continued to walk towards her own home, biting her lip softly.

'Though...if Yuno has to go bad enough.. she thought, closing her eyes. 'Maybe..Yuno can do it.'

She wanted to soak...but, her body was too firm in it's upbringing. It wanted her to hold it, unless she was sitting on the potty. She gave a small whimper, before continuing her pace home, her mind awash with thoughts.

'Wh..what should Yuno pee first? Should Yuno just hold it in until she can't? Maybe Yuno should try peeing on the toilet again..'

Every passing moment, every single thought always lead back to her bladder...And, with each passing step, every little moment...She could feel it getting bigger. Fuller.

Yuno...needs to pee. she thought firmly to herself, as she came up to her building, and unlocked the door. She'd read a few entries of one being locked out of their home and wetting because of that...But, Yuno couldn't do that.

"W..well..not again." Yuno whimpered to herself, remembering when the plumber had to come fix her bathroom. She'd had to hold for such a long time...An agonizing pressure....

And eventually, she just went behind her house, pulled her panties aside, and just let it....flow.

'Awwuuu...It figures Yuno didn't know until AFTER that..That Faust would enjoy it.' she thought, lightly. 'It would be an ideal situation...Reason..for Yuno to...pee her panties.'

Her body lightly trembled as she set her things down, her desperation mounting as she eyed her bathroom.

"Yuno could...deal with her urge." she sounded, lightly tugging her skirt. "O..or..Yuno could..always....Wait a bit more."

She glanced down at her skirt, and then at her spoils from the store. She glanced over the diuretics, the jeans, and....

"Yuno should..start.." she called, feeling the red come to her face. "P...P...Preparing."

No matter how hard she thought about it, no matter how frequently she prepared..Yuno couldn't shake a feeling of vague shame at what she wanted to do. As she unravelled her new pack of panties, the girl couldn't quite shake the flush on her lips.

"All Yuno's life..Yuno's been doing her best to hold it.." she noted, sliding off her striped panties. "An..And now...Yuno's...trying to..."

She couldn't even finish the thought audibly. The more she thought about it, the more embarrassed she felt....And the stronger she could feel her bladder's need getting. She looked through the packs, deciding on a simple white cotton pair. She wriggled them up her legs, letting the material snap against her waist.

"Okay...Yuno can relax now.." She mused to herself quietly, her hands dipping down to her waist to hold. "Nnn...Yuno really wants to go to the potty, Faust....Please...!"

She put on the best kind of pouty expression she could muster...Though, unlike before, she could honestly feel her urges mounting. Picturing the boy telling her 'No', and making her wait a bit longer...

"Uuuuu...But Yuno REALLY needs to pee.." she whimpered, slightly rubbing at her panties to try to alleviate the pressure...Before moving over to her computer chair again. She sat down in her chair, crossing one leg over another. "Yuno....should try to go in a few minutes."

She could feel her bladder panging loudly, telling her computer time was later, and bathroom time was now. She sternly squeezed her legs tighter, leaning forward to look at the site.

"Oh...Yuno can look at images now." She noted, seeing that her few posts earlier had been approved. She strode her mouse over the 'Gallery', eyes widening as she glanced over. Soaking after soaking...stain, after stain....Wet patch after wet patch...

The girl buried her hand into her skirt at this, squeezing herself firmly as she looked over them. Every passing page of imagery feeling like the girl's shed piddle was making it's way into her bladder. Yuno bit her lip firmly, starting to wince as she crossed over to page 15.

"Y..Yuno's...coming up on her limit.." she noted to herself with a tight whimper, moving onto page 16. The passing panty wetting pictures were taking their toll on her...And, with the occasional girl having pulled her panties aside to just pee...Yuno's mind was awash with vulgar imagery, and ideas. She rubbed her legs together, before bracing herself.

"Yuno's..read it gets Much worse when you stand up.." she thought, tensing her muscles. "S..So..."

She bent forward, gasping sharply as she felt the pressure lightly mashing her bladder...But, despite feeling her body nearly forcing a bit out, Yuno's body stubbornly denied losing it. Yuno gave a soft whimper, glancing towards her bathroom.

"O..Ohh..Ohhh..Yuno should do this in the potty..." she sounded to herself, holding herself with both hands, and slowly staggering towards it. Her need had felt way worse now....And her mind was constantly peppered with that one thought.

'Pee.'

"Y..Yuno's...Faust, Yuno's not going to make it.." she uttered to the boy, stopping partway to her bathroom, and just quivering in place. She whimpered, writhed, and squirmed....Yet, despite her growing urge...Something just kept nagging her.

'Yuno...Yuno's getting there, but...' she thought, taking one hand away, and going to her things again. She didn't want to get to her jeans just yet...but..

"Yuno just needs..a little more." She thought, pulling a bottle of water, and unscrewing the cap. "Pressure..."

She raised the bottle to her lips and started to chug, feeling her bladder protesting the added liquid. Her legs quivered, and tensed with each passing gulp, feeling like she was pouring the bottle straight into her bladder. After drinking about half the bottle, she leaned over to set it on her computer desk, gripping herself with both hands again.

"Uuuu...It's getting really bad." Yuno uttered to herself, starting back to her bathroom. She didn't bother with the posturing of mock desperation this time, deciding instead to just step into her bathroom, and eye the bathroom.

Pang...PANG.. she felt, cupping herself slightly as she bent her knees slightly.

"It's so close..." she said, feeling her bladder throb in agony. The proper thing to do would be to empty her bladder as it was, and forget the whole idea. Though..

"Yuno's been holding all morning.." She said to herself, swaying her hips subconciously as her bladder fought. "So...If Yuno's going to wet...She'd better do so now. Otherwise, all of her piddle has been for nothing."

She just needed to will herself to let it flow, rather than do what she'd been doing her whole life. Her mind thought about sitting on the toilet once more to coax it out, but...

"No..Yuno doesn't need it.." She said to herself, feeling her bladder pulsing. "Y..Yuno can..Can wet without that."

She rocked back and forth, letting her fingers dip down to her skirt again, pressing on herself. She bent forward, and back, thinking back to all of the images she'd seen. Lots of girls wetting in classes, some of them peeing on the side of the road...Even a few that had made it to the toilet, but were still saturated with piddle. Her body tensed, trembled, and quivered...Each passing moment feeling like agony.

"Nnnn..Yuno thought she would have peed by now.." She thought to herself, starting to turn away. "Maybe Yuno should take one of those Diure-"

Pssh..!

The girl blushed brightly, feeling a sudden warmth coating her panties. She gasped sharply, both hands burying in her skirt...That started to show a tiny, dime-sized wet spot.

"O..O..Ohh no....!" Yuno quickly stammered, scampering over to the toilet instinctually, and plopping down. Little leaks gave way to a gushing torrent, and even as the warmth spread across her thighs, Yuno's face burned with shame. Not at having peed her panties, but...

"Awuuu..Yuno used the potty.." She uttered, even as her skirt darkened considerably. She'd had her hands pressed against herself as it all rushed out, so it was well and proper stained....Yet..

"Nnn..." she sounded as she felt her bladder emptying, the relief bringing a flush to her face, a small moan of relief escaping. "Ohh..Yuno has held it so long...But, now she has to start all over again!"

She shivered a bit as her stream tapered off, sliding her panties down off her legs. The white fabric had been considerably greyed, her warm, lewd waters still dripping off the gusset of them.

"Yuno....will save these for later." She thought to herself, unclasping her skirt as well. She wiped herself off, flushed the toilet washed her hands, and strode out of the bathroom.

"Yuno's going to have to shower now.." she sounded to no one, lifting up the jeans she'd bought, and looking over her panties. Reaching for a pair of pink ones this time, she quickly gathered the rest of her things for a shower, carting them into the bathroom.

Hot steam quickly followed after she turned on the water, Yuno taking special care to wash every. inch. of her body thoroughly.

"Nnn..Yuno'll do it better next time." She lightly chided herself, as she scrubbed down her legs. She'd hit a breaking point there, but then had gone for the toilet at the last possible second. A bit of a faux pas, giving her body that easy out...

"Yuno'll have to find a place that's not near a potty.." She thought, running through her body a few more times....Before eventually finishing her shower. She shut off the water, toweled off, and started to tug on her clothes.

"Mmmmnn..." she sounded as she slid up the jeans, pulling them up against her. "Oof...These are...really tight on Yuno.."

She could feel the Jeans silhouetting her rump, hugging her hips firmly...and a light pressure at her midsection. She pulled on her shirt, and strode out of the bathroom, humming a bit.

"Well.." she thought, glancing to the half-finished water bottle, and then the diuretics. She eyed the box warily, glancing at the instructions that told her to take one pill every so many hours...Before resolving herself.

"Yuno's not sure how long this'll take.." she thought, popping one pill into her mouth...and then a second one right after. "But..This should speed her piddle along."

She downed the rest of her water, setting the bottle down as she went to browse the site a bit more. She moved through a few more pages of imagery, crossing her legs before she'd even given it much thought. There were images of the girls bent over a desk....Some with their rumps stuck out, hammering on a bathroom door.....A few who used things other than a toilet to contain their piddle...And some who merely gushed down their legs, standing up as it cascaded like a waterfall.

"There's a lot of ways to go about this.." She thought, before flushing at one in particular. A girl had squatted down outside, the image showing her...naughty parts silouetted under her soaking panties. Though she'd seen many images with the girl's parts..exceptionally focused on, this one stood out...

Because the girl was standing right behind a building. The girl's own body quivered in memory, thinking about..the time again.

'W..what do you mean 'A few hours?''

"I'm sorry Miss Gasai, but it's going to take quite a time to fix this. You won't be able to use your water until we get it all sorted out."

"B..but.."

"But what..?"

Her face burned brightly in shame, thinking on how embarrassing it had been. Thankfully, it had been a female plumber, and Faust seemed clueless to her growing, gnawing urge throughout the day. She'd spent the whole day wandering, pacing, and exploring the mall with him...Coming home to find the woman still tinkering away. She couldn't handle her urge anymore, and...

The girl lightly bit her lip, glancing outside her back door.

"Maybe.." She thought out loud, wincing as she stood up. "Nnnn..Maybe if Yuno goes back to that spot.."

She started over to her backdoor, her body trembling a bit more than she expected to be, relative to the time from when she'd last drank. Her hand quivered as she held it out to the door, twisting the knob. She paused for a few moments, dipping her hands down to squeeze at herself again. A few steps out, and she could feel the thoughts flooding back to her.

'Uuuu..Uuuuuu...Yuno can't hold it..'

She'd never meant it more than in that moment, having had to squat down and just...go. Her fingers had barely managed to pull her panties out of the way, but she had felt more than a passing amount of warmth against them as she did. Almost as soon as she had finished, the woman came to her with the news she was done.....Making Yuno angrier than she'd ever been in her life.

"It was..right here.." she thought, glancing down at the foliage under her. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest, lightly shaking as she whimpered. "Yuno just..K..knelt down..and.."

She started to bend at the knees, lowering her hips to the ground like she had back then...

Psssh..!

"A..Aaahhh!!" Yuno whimpered, feeling more than a little spurt escaping. Her body had taken the cue when she squatted, and no matter how much she tried to stagger to her feet, she couldn't find the strength to stop. Rivulets of navy blue darkened considerably, as Yuno let out a whimpering wail. "Y..Yuno caaaaan't..!"

Her clear stream let out a strangling hiss, the girl shuddering and panting as her body completely tipped her tinkle tank, warmth spreading from her hips, all down her inner thighs..and even creeping up her butt. She whimpered softly, her face flushed compeltely crimson as she succumbed.

"U..Uuuu...Uuu..Yuno's peed.." she softly uttered, her fingers running over her jeans. "Yuno..was just remembering...and...And..."

She wanted to cry...She wanted to wail...and she wanted to never think of it again....But...

'Yuno feels....So...Good!' the girl thought as her stream finally tapered off, slowly struggling to her feet. "Mmmmnnn...Yuno's completely soaked....Her panties are drenched...Her socks are flooded....and her legs are completely saturated."

She ran her fingers over the wet patch, giving a soft, mewling whimper.

"A..and Yuno's.." She added, running her hands along her backside. "R..Rump is so warm...and wet.."

She felt a burning need inside of her, one that couldn't be contained by any mere toilet....Though, there was something she had to do first.

"Phone...Phone.." the girl gasped, looking around. "Yuno needs her phone.."

She pawed around the room in a flustered rush, eventually finding the device sitting on her kitchen table. She grabbed the phone and flipped it open, fingers trembling in desire.

"O..Ohhh..Ohhhh.." Yuno gasped to herself, bending over the counter as she fumbled with her phone. "Gotta...get the right...Angle.."

She made sure to arch her back, holding the phone out as best she could to snap a picture of herself.

'Click....Click...Click.'

She shuddered at what she was doing, quickly turning around to look at her pictures. She deleted two of them that hadn't quite been centered...but the third one...

"A..and now.." she called, sliding her fingers down to unbutton her jeans. Immediately, she felt her body's strain laxxing a bit...And she wiggled down her jeans to her thighs...Her panties positively saturated. "T..the front.."

She struggled to keep her quivering legs under control, aiming for the perfect shot as she let her camera fly...Snapshot after snapshot filling her Album....before she felt a spurt of warmth.

"A..Ahhh..!!" She groaned softly, before pulling the phone back, and looking over the phone. Picture after picture, image after image....

She kept tossing out the troublesome ones, gasping softly when she saw one of the last ones....

"O..Ohhh..Yuno's...waters..." she whimpered, crossing one leg over another. "Yuno...got a picture as they were...flowing a bit.."

A vulgar smile crossed her face, as she marked it in her phone, along with the previous one. She scrolled through her relatively short address book, and then...

"Sending...Now." She mused, watching the symbol on her phone transitioning...before giving her the all clear. Another moan escaped her lips, as she put a hand on her mouth to stifle it.

"O..Ohhh...Ohhh..Now Yuno Really needs that shower." she called to herself, starting into her bathroom without any mind to clean clothes....The warmth filling her body before she could even step into the shower.

"Mmmm....Mmmmmmnnn...! Yuno.." She sounded, peeling her panties off as she started into the shower. "Yuno....Thinks she might have..some fun with this kind of thing."

(Yuno's [First] Experimentation, End.)
