Faust's Assorted Fic Thread

Author: AuthorFaust

*005*2016-06-04 08:17

Faust is on a roll lately, it seems! For, thanks to the myriad of questions Faust and his characters have been answering...Faust has been inspired lately. And, as such..Faust has another fic for you all, so soon!

Faust has Jeffery Mewtamer to thank for this idea, having asked a question to Yuno/Faust about catgirl Maid Yuno....And, well..it's grown into this!

Faust apologizes if it's not everyone's proverbial cup of tea, but Faust hopes those that like this kind of thing can enjoy it. ^_^

This story has a touch of pet-play in it...So, if that's something you do not like, Faust would advise you to read something else. And, last little bit of note....

This fic isn't fitting into the regular canon. So, don't worry about it too much. ^^ Faust just wants you to be able to enjoy it for what it is. A lewd, little story.

[Fic 2: A Puuuurrrrfectly good afternoon]

"And...with that, I attack you for the win." Faust's voice called triumphantly, leaning back in his chair.

"Ohhh no..." a familiar pinkette called, in mock anguish. "Yuno has been..defeated...!"

"G..Good job, Faust." the petite silverette called, bowing her head. "You really pulled through in the end."

"Ah Hell, He only won, cause you all ganged up on me." a much more brash, older voice called. "If you didn't, I'd have wrecked his sorry butt."

"Sorry Penny, but you were the common enemy." Faust remarked, waving a hand. "So, me, Youmu, and Yuno had to take you out first."

"Suuuure." the supernatural hunter mused, letting out a small scoff. "Well, s'not too big a problem. A deal's a deal. I'm a woman of my word, after all."

"Good to hear." Faust remarked, with a sly smile. "So, as per the terms of our arrangement...."

"Faust gets to do whatever he wants." Yuno piped in, with an equally pleased grin. "To Yuno, Konpaku, and Penny. For the rest...of the day."

"A..anything..?" Youmu stammered slightly, flushing deeply. "W..wait...I thought.."

"A-Yup." Penny remarked, with a twirl of her finger. "If you'd have let me take him down, you wouldn't be under command of his likely hormonal mind. Hope ya like being subject to his naughty.."

"I already have my idea in mind." Faust remarked, starting up from his chair.

"Well, I suppose we're right fucked now." Penny replied, with a wave of her hand. There was a bright flush, coupled with a squeak from the others.

"W..wait, is it too late to back ou-"

"Oh, don't worry. I wouldn't abuse my power THAT much." Faust remarked, opening a closet door. "No, no...My desire is a relatively simple one."

"Oh?" Penny's voice called with a raised eyebrow, glancing. "What's the trouble then? What are you subjecting us to?"

"Oh, it's simple, really." Faust mused, pulling out several outfits, and a few headbands, with some pointed ears. "I've never had any Pets....And, I've always wanted to have some maids."

"Ohhhh..." Penny mused, stepping up from her seat. "So, you want us to be your personal cat-maids?"

"More or less." Faust mused, with a grin. "Doing as I say, and all that...For the rest of the day."

A finger lightly bopped Faust's nose, the woman moving to grab one of the outfits.

"Till midnight tonight." she assured, starting into a room. "We'll do almost anything you command...Until then."

"Ah..But it's already 6." Faust remarked, the girl snapping around. "That's..hardly any.."

"Fine." the woman called, holding up her fingers. "You get three commands. Absolute. But, after those 3 are up, we're allowed to decide whether or not we want to submit to your desires."

"....Fair enough." Faust remarked, turning as the other two came to his side. While Yuno was more than eager to take her outfit, Youmu was..much more reserved.

"P..promise you won't be too...vulgar." Youmu whispered, the boy pausing..and giving a small smile.

"I'll...try to keep it tame." Faust quietly assured, the girl nervously taking her allocated garments. Faust leaned against the wall of his building, deciding to not push his luck to watch them change. Yuno was fine with the idea, but Penny seemed ready to sock him, and Youmu...

He had a bit of trouble being a bit stern with her.

"Faust, Yuno's finished!" the pinkette called, stepping out after a few minutes. A perfectly form fitting maid dress covered her body, white stockings trailing up to the ends of her knees, and bright pink cat ears topped her long hair. "How does Yuno look~?"

"Marvelous." Faust complimented, the girl beaming.

"H..how about me?" Youmu's voice called out soon after, stepping out. Her outfit held to her nicely as well, the same stockings coming up to her thighs compared to Yuno's....and Silver ears matched her hair.

"You're a very cute kitty too." Faust assured, prompting a blush from the girl.

"Alright, alright." Penny's voice called, stepping out with a maid dress as well, red ears topping her head. "I put on the outfit. Now make your commands, 'Master.'"

"Penny, you.." Faust started, the girl flipping her dress in the back.

"What? You never said I couldn't wear my pants underneath the dress." she remarked, wiggling. "You can consider me a tomcat, if it makes you feel any better. Unless you want to use one of those commands, of course.."

"No..No, it's fine." Faust replied, keeping up a cool expression. "I've already oot my three commands in mind, so I can't be wasting one making you take off your pants."

"Alright then." Penny replied, waving her hand. "Then lay em on us, Lover-boy."

"Okay." Faust called, taking a deep breath...and putting on a stern, confident grin. "Command 1. You are both my maids, and cats. So, you have to make a meowing sound in every sentence...Or, I get to give your rump a sharp smack."

"Lewd." Yuno mused with a small flush, the boy striding over and Smacking her bottom. "Nyaaaaa..!!!"

"Command 2...I can't have my Maid-pets suffering from dehydration." Faust called, showing a bit of concern...even as his smile just screamed ulterior motives. "So, when I tell you to drink, You have to do it. Understand?"

"U..understood....Nya." Youmu lightly whimpered, already crossing her legs a bit. The idea of having to drink consistently made her nervous...But when Faust held up the third finger, she quickly straightened herself up to appear proper.

"And Command 3." Faust remarked, the mask of seriousness giving way to barely contained lechery. "As you are my pets, you are my maids. And my maids have to have some semblance of Dignity. So, none of you are allowed to pee....Unless I give you permission. Otherwise, I can punish you."

"Ohhh..You cheeky punk." Penny snapped, putting the pieces together. A firm Suh-Mack against her bottom provoked barely a shift from her, as she stuck her rump out. "Thank myew, may I have another?"

"I have a feeling that'll be something that happens often today." Faust quipped, watching Penny stick her tongue out at him.

"Maayyybe, Nya." the supernatural hunter mused, starting around the house. "So, what do myew want us to do?"

"Yes, Myaster." Yuno purred, leaning over to lightly nuzzle her. "What do you want us to do, nyaaa~?"

"Well, for starters..." Faust remarked, clearly enjoying the attention. "You're all looking rather thirsty, after such a long game. So...Drink."

"O..o..okay." Youmu's voice squeaked out softly, the boy's hand raising up...and lightly bopping her rump. "E..Eep..! I..I myean...Okay, Myaaaster."

Glasses of water were summarily filled and passed around, all three of the girls downing them obediently. Faust could already see the growing desperation on Youmu's face, giving a guilty smile.

"Alright...Now.." Faust remarked, gesturing a bit. "I think we could do with getting some..work done, my pet-maids."

"Sounds purrrfect." Yuno mused, twirling a bit as she started around. "Yuno will get myaaaster's laundry."

"I'll Wyaaash the dishes." Penny quickly claimed, grinning at her younger sister.

"Th..Then.." Youmu started, trying to think. "I'll...I mean..Myaaa-I will...Umm.."

"You could sit on the couch.." Faust started, raising a hand. "And let me..work on some stress relief, via petting my...pet."

Youmu flushed bright red at the comment, but weakly nodded, starting over.

"O..okay." Youmu stammered, flinching as she realized she hadn't mewled in a way...but, watched as the boy waved his hand.

"Crawl." Faust remarked, lightly. "My pet."

Youmu blushed brightly, before getting down on her hands and knees. She swayed her hips a bit in light need, as she slowly crawled over to the couch. Climbing up onto it, she tried to curl up on the couch.

"Good Kitty." Faust remarked, patting the girl's head with a few rubs. Youmu's face burned bright crimson at the gesture, but she lightly purred, laying her head on the boy's shoulder to relax for a bit.

A short time later though, she wasn't able to relax any more. She squirmed against the boy, softly biting her lip as her body's urges mounted. No matter how hard she tried to keep still, her body refused to comply....And as the minutes passed, she eventually couldn't handle it.

"Ma..Myaster.." she whimpered, looking up at him with pleading eyes. "P..Please....I ne-..Myeed to pee really bad."

"Oh really..?" Faust sounded, trying to keep a neutral face...Before it shifted into a sly grin. "Well..Kitties can't use a toilet..Those are for people."

"B..But..Please.!" Youmu begged, feeling a hand smack against her rump a bit harder. "E..Eeep..! Nyaa..! B..But...I R..rrreeaaa-wey need to.."

"Hmm..I have an idea." Faust remarked, moving over to the kitchen. "Pet-Penny."

"Myyesss?" The girl called, her hands wiping a cloth over a plate. "Whatcha need, myaaaa-ster?"

"I require a tupperware container." Faust stated, a vulgar grin on his face. "A big one."

"Ohhh, you are a naughty one." Penny called, peering over the wall. She didn't flinch as his hand smacked her rump, merely passing him the requested dish. "Myyyind if I watch, Myaster?"

"If you drink again." Faust bargained, the Supernatural hunter grinning. Faust watched her tilt her head under the sink, turn the faucet, and guzzle a swell of water that gushed from it. He could hear her gulping repeatedly, taking in far more than he expected her to...before she shut the sink off, and straightened up.

"That enough, Myaster?" she called with an equally vulgar grin, Faust's eyes matching hers.

"Dangerous of you.." he mused. "You know, there's still 5 more hours until midnight."

"I can manage, love." the Supernatural hunter assured, nudging him. "Now..Let's go enjoy the show."

Faust went to raise his hand to smack her bottom, but refrained for a change. He instead started over to the silverette, an adopted naughty grin on his face.

"M..Myes..?" Youmu sounded, squeezing an eye shut. "C..Can Nya-I go pee, Master?"

"Yes, you can." Faust started, before holding out the tupperware container. "But, since cats can't use the toilet..you'll have to go in the box."

"W..Wha.." Youmu stammered, blushing bright red. "N..Nyo...Nyo, I couldn't..! Th.there's no way..!"

A sharp smack from the red haired girl made the girl squeak, cupping her bottom.

"Well, it's that or you can soak yourself." Faust replied coldly. "But, you know what happens if you pee without my permission."

The silverette crossed her legs over one another, whimpering and shuddering as she squeezed herself. She bit her lip, rocking back in forth, as her eyes glanced towards the box, and then to Faust.

"I..." She started, straightening her back to get her rump out of Penny's range. "I myean...I'll use the box, Ma...Myaster.."

"Good answer." Faust remarked, setting the large Tupperware container on the floor. "Sadly, I don't have any litter..So, you'll need to be careful you don't flood it, pet."

"N..nya.." Youmu whimpered, starting to slide her hands under her maid dress, and sliding her panties down. Pure white lace could be seen at her knees, as she positioned herself over the tupperware container.

"Don't myiss." Penny teased, the girl blushing bright red.

"H..H..Hush.." She snapped back reflexively, letting out a loud squeak as Faust's hand smacked her rump.

"Command one." Faust reminded her, with a lewd grin. However, the girl didn't turn around to face him...a loud Psssssssshing noise starting to ring out instead. A clear, gushing stream sputtered out from under the girl's dress, quickly flowing into the container. The girl let out a tiny whimper as she emptied her petite bladder, both Penny and Faust watching as the container slowly filled up. Just before it could over flow, the girl's stream petered off.

"U..Uuuu..." Youmu whimpered, her face bright red. "I...My-I'm done...Myaster.." she weakly whimpered, the boy shivering a bit.

"S..So you are." he addressed, averting his gaze a bit. "G..Good kitty."

"Nyaaaa..." the girl lightly sounded, curling up again in shame. Before she could get too comfortable though, Penny slid over.

"Oh wow, that's a My-ew record." Penny mused, letting out a small whistle. "Your piddle pot my-ust be getting bigger."

"D..d-yon't tease my-ee.." Youmu whimpered, sliding her panties back up her legs as Penny lifted it up.

"Better wash this Ny-out." Penny remarked, snapping to work again. "Otherwise, kitty might not get her chance to piddle again tonight."

She stuck out her rump for the sharp smack, keeping her grip on the tupperware firmly. Faust was amazed at her ability to remain proper and composed...But, another voice suddenly called out to him, demanding his focus.

"Myyaaaaster! Ny-uuuno nyeeds your help!" Yuno's voice called from the laundry room, prompting him to leave the two in the living room alone.

"What is it, my pet?" he called, the pinkette wiggling her rump.

"My-Ew know what it is." she mewled, before suddenly pouncing on the boy, wiggling against his body. "Kitty wants to playyy."

Faust's hand smacked the girl's rump at this, prompting the girl to let out a similar squeak.

"I suppose I could play a bit with my pet." He addressed, with a smile. "But, Yuno'll have to drink some more if he does. Can't have her getting dehydrated."

"Rrrrrrrrrrre-ight!" Yuno purred, getting off of the boy, and striding towards the kitchen. Picking up a glass from Penny's cleaning, she filled it up to the brim, and chugged it all in a rush. "Mmmm...Do myew think that's enough?"

Faust watched her stand confidently, before replying with a coy grin.

"One more should do it." He called, the girl obeying his recommendation immediately. Penny adopted a similar grin, as Yuno chugged down the glass.

"Mmm...Myew-No must be thirsty." Penny mused, the pinkette turning to face her.

"Very." Yuno replied back, feeling Penny's hand smack against her rump. She let out a small squeak, before striding back into the living room. "So, myaster..What do myew want to play with Yuno?"

"Oh, nothing strenuous." Faust called, going back to his closet to pull out something else. What looked like a small fishing pole, with a string hanging from, tied to a cloth fish. "Just a bit of..light exercise."

He lightly tugged on the cat toy, making the fish bounce and swing about. Yuno knelt down on the ground at this, raising her hands up to swat at it.

"Myaaa..." She mused, swinging it to and fro. "Myaaa..Meww.."

Faust then started to tug it farther away from her, making the girl sway to keep swatting at it. He kept jerking the fish out of range at the last moment, getting her to keep her moving about the room. He was having more than a little fun forcing the girl to chase after it, watching her wiggle her rump every so often prior to a pounce. He could feel time slipping away from them as he eventually laxxed his grip, letting the girl pounce on the fish proper for a finish.

"Mmm..Good kitty." He remarked, sliding a hand over to pet at the girl's head. "You caught the fish!"

"Myaaa~~~" Yuno purred, lightly bouncing it between her hands. "Does Yuno get a reward, Myaster?"

"Hmmm...She has been good..." Faust started, before seeing the red haired girl striding over to them with a pair of glasses.

"Mmm..How about some catnip-tea?" Penny mused, with a small grin. "Cats love their Nip, Rrrriight?"

A smack to the girl's rump went unnoticed, as Yuno took the glass.

"Is...it safe?" She asked, getting a smack of her own..and responding with a wiggle.

"It's Fyiine." Penny assured, with a smirk. "It'll only induce a myiiild diuretic effect in you. Nothing harmful."

"Oh..My-okay." Yuno replied, taking the glass and analyzing it for a few moments. She raised the drink to her lips, and started to drink it down obediently.

"Mmmm..Good kitties.." Faust called, watching the two drink down their tea. He moved to lean back into his couch, the girls pacing around slightly as their drinks were polished off. While Youmu wasn't looking him in the eyes currently, the pinkette eventually started to wiggle her hips a bit more frequently, her hands dipping down.

"Nyaa...Yuno Has to peeeee." she pleaded, moving over to him. "Myaster...Where can Myew-No...Wee?"

Faust blushed every so slightly, before grinning.

"Well, pets can't use the toilet..." he started, before grinning. "But...I think Yuno's an outside kitty."

"Mmm..Myew-No isss." She lightly mewled, immediately picking up on what he had intended. "It IS getting late..So, Myew-no doesn't worry about being..seen."

Faust grinned, moving over to the door and turning the knob...But then, holding up a hand.

"All fours." he stated before the girl could take a step, watching her comply almost immediately..with a wince.

'It must be baaad. he thought with a vulgar smile, the pinkette swinging her hips widely as she moved over to the door.

"Myaaa...Myew-no wants out." she plea-d, prompting Faust to push open the door. As he did though, the girl suddenly froze up...a flush creeping to her cheeks.

"A..Ahhh..Myaaaa..!" the girl whimpered, scampering out the door as best she could. Before Faust could say anything to the contrary, he could hear a fierce,, gushing torrent starting to splish spliiiiiish on out....Noticing a wet trail following the girl's path out.

"Oh my...." Faust called, in a flush. "Yuno's...Looks like kitty started weeing a bit soon.."

"Myaaa.." Yuno sounded in shame, lifting her skirt in the back to show darkening, saturating panties. "Yu..Myew-No started leaking suddenly..! And..and now.."

He could see the flood pouring out between her legs, pooling under her. White stockings greyed in moments, and the black fabric of the maid outfit showed several noticeable wet patches.

"Ryeeee-ight." Penny mused, with a giggle. "Sorry, but I forgot to tell myew....Catnip can also relax your muscles a bit suddenly..and make myew leak before you're ready."

"Nnnnnn.." the girl sounded, turning back at Faust with a slight flush. "Myew-No's sorry, Myassster."

"It's fine, my pet." Faust assured, patting her head. "You'll just need to...leave those clothes for me to wash later."

"Mrrrrrr.." Yuno purred, rubbing her head against Faust's hand. "Myew-no can live with that."

As Faust started back into the room with the girl though, he could see the silverette kneeling down over the tupperware container again. He gave a small smirk, before starting to quietly...creep..over...

"U..uuuuu.." Youmu's voice lightly squeaked, hands sliding up her skirt...and suddenly being gripped. "A..Ahhh?!"

"And just what do you think you're doing, pet?" Faust mused, gripping her hands and thighs firmly.

"I....My..Myai.." Youmu stammered, before a sharp PSH could be heard. "A..Ahhh..!!! F..Faust..! I..I can't..!"

"Go." Faust whispered softly into the girl's ear, hearing a strangled hissing that had very little to do with an angry cat. Rivulets of clear piddle flowed down the girl's legs, saturating her thighs...and trickling down. Less than half of her bladder's contents made it into the container this time, the splish-psh-splasing of her release spraying every which way thanks to it's lace barrier. The girl shuddered, and quivered in his grip...before starting to slump back into him, her maid-outfit now soaked around the waist, and thighs.

"O..Ohhh..Ohhh..I'm sorry.." Youmu apologized, face flushed deep once more. "I...All over the costume.."

"S'fine." Faust assured, rubbing the girl's shoulders for a bit. "I'll wash em..."

The girl's body seemed to almost buckle under the weight of her relase, gently laying her head back. Though, with her out of the way, and Yuno's own accident having just occurred...Faust had one more target.

"Sooo...How's all that water treating you, Penny?" Faust called, striding over to the last, and most formidable pet of his. "Feeling fine still?"

"Purrrrrfect." Penny taunted, swaying her hips. "Only have an hour more to go, and I'm free from your tyrranical command, Myassster."

"Mmm..Well, can't have that." Faust remarked, before making a gesture with his finger. "Drink, Pet."

"Mmm..Sure." the girl answered, sticking her rump out for the smack as she helped herself to another glass. She didn't budge from the impact, merely chugging her drink down defiantly. "So..What nyext?"

"I think you need another drink." Faust added, a smile tugging it's way to his lips. "And another......and another.....And another."

Glass after glass...chug after chug...The more she drank down, the more Faust could see her body tensing up. Even if she put on a brave front, even he could see the rivulets of her control slowly popping. Time was running out in both meanings of the word, the Supernatural hunter's need growing, as his time diminished.

"And..that should be enough." Faust called as she finished off her sixth drink, the time glowing almost ominously on the kitchen.

11:40 PM

"S..So..Nyow what?" Penny asked, doing her best to keep her legs together. Faust grinned lightly, twirling his hand.

"Nothing." Faust called, innocently. "You're to do..nothing, for the next twenty minutes. Then, it'll be midnight.."

"And, I can go to the bathroom." Penny stated firmly, the boy grinning as he circled around.

"It must be bad.." Faust started, before Suh-MACKING her ass sharply. Rather than shrug it off, or pretending it didn't happen, Penny's legs buckled a bit, wincing.

"O..Ohhh..M-myew have Ny-o idea.." she called, dipping her hands to her dress. As she did though, the boy tugged them away.

"I said you do Nothing." Faust remarked, with a smirk. "And I mean, Nothing. No squeezing, bouncing, crossing your legs.."

"I..I don't have to listen to th..Thyaaaaat." the girl called, tugging her arms back to her waist.

"Well, if you can't hold it.." Faust taunted back, the girl flinching..and placing her hands at her sides.

"Twenty myyyyinutes." Penny stated in a stern tone, doing her best to hold still. "My..Myaaa-I can handle that.."

Faust grinned at this, gesturing for the other two to join her..watching Penny's admirable last stand.

Five minutes had passed.....Penny's legs lightly shifted.

Ten minutes had passed....She bent at the knees, and bit her lip...

Fifteen had passed...And she scrunched her eyes shut. She dared to not say anything, unconciously sticking her rump out, as she bent over.

"Five more minutes." Faust told the girl, who gave what sounded like a small growl.

"Nnnnghh.." Penny sounded, her hands still at her side. "My...Myyy...Myaa-I'm going to get myew back for this.."

"Sure you will." Faust replied coyly, making a soft hissing noise. "Four more minutes..."

Penny groaned at this, her fists clenching at her sides...But, unable to allocate energy to hitting the boy.

"Three more myeee-inutes." the pinkette mewled, suddenly turning on the sink full blast. Penny winced, quivering in place as the room was filled with the sounds of gushing, rushing water.

"N..Nnnnghh.."

"Two Myore.." Youmu's voice called, grasping one of the glasses, and holding it under the faucet. Water quickly filled it, and overflowed...Splashing about every which way. Penny was reduced to shuddering, strained gasps...Fighting back her need admirably, as the time ticked down.

"One more minute." Faust remarked, sliding around the girl once again, drinking in the sight. She was quivering..trembling...shuddering....And positively writhing under that dress. He wanted to smack her rump..He wanted to mash her bladder...he wanted to do something to push her over the edge...And yet..

"Three...Two...One.." Yuno counted down, before the clock finally shifted.

12:00 AM

Almost immediately, the crimson haired hunter DASHED through the building, her hands gripping at the ends of the maid dress. It took everything the group had to catch up to her, seeing the door to the bathroom flung wide open, and the desperate hunter having yanked up the dress.

"Shit..Shit shit shit.." Penny's voice uttered, hands fumbling with the pants she'd worn under it. Even as she fumbled to undo the button, Faust could see it..

The growing...spreading...creeping wet patch, trailing along her legs. Strangled hissing could be heard filling the bathroom, as Penny's bladder finally had enough of her attempts at holding. Fingers futilely gripped the zipper, tugging on it over..and over..and over again, it jamming at the worst possible time.

"Ohhhh..Look at that, pets." Faust called, in a teasing voice. "Looks like Penny's..peeing herself."

The Supernatural hunter let out a loud, pained groan...Before starting to sag over the toilet, strangled hissing giving way to vicious gushing. The fabric of her pants darkened considerably, clear streams cascading off her bottom, and the backs of her legs. Drips gave way to guzzles, and the powerful, pronounced hunter, was nothing more than a gorgeously gushing girl. The lewd waters started to pool at her feet, dwarfing the other girl's puddles combined.

"O..Oh Hell..." Penny groaned softly, as the group walked into the bathroom.

"And that's why I didn't make you take off those pants." Faust taunted, having been waiting for this since the girl had addressed her decision. "If you had been wearing just the dress and underwear, you might have been able to make it out dry."

"Ohhhhh..." Penny groaned, turning back. "Maybe..."

"But now, you're all wet." Faust teased, starting to stick his own tongue out. "So..-"

His teasing was interrupted mid-sentence, by the hunter suddenly backing up into him. Penny mashed her warm, soaked-pants covered rump into his hips, digging in slightly.

"Annnnnd.." Penny mused, grinding her rump for a few more moments, and then pulled away. "Now You're all wet, lover boy. Fair's fair."

Faust's firm facade had finally cracked, the boy blushing bright red...As the girl waved her hand.

"We should do this again sometime." she called back with a coy grin, not unlike what he'd been wearing most of the day. "Next time, don't expect me to go easy on you."

"R..Right.."

[Purrrfectly good afternoon: End]

*010*2016-06-07 06:25

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Do you take requests for this thread in who we'd like to see next doing something?

}}

Faust doesn't quite take requests.....But, Faust may be tempted to write something, if enough people are interested in the idea. Faust mostly just has this forum for his own spare little ideas, and one-shots.

*012*2016-06-07 06:30

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Oh, well then.

}}

That isn't meant to discourage a suggestion, if one wants. Faust can't Guarantee that he'll do as one requests...But, Faust wouldn't mind more ideas popping up. After all, they could incite a burst of inspiration in Faust...Which could lead to Faust having another story sooner, rather than later.

Faust opens the idea up to anyone who wishes to call for, or mention something they'd want. Faust does like to write things for people at times, and it's easier if Faust knows what people want.

