Results of the story writing competition IV

Author: Flush

*000*2013-11-28 21:01

Ladies and gentlemen, here are the results of the fourth story writing competition. A personal apology for the almost unnaceptable delay is below, but let's not spoil the moment, shall we? And the winner is...

THE CHERRY BOLT PRINCESS' DESPERATE AUDITION by RAINYDAY

Congratulations!

Below you can find the points and comments given by the judges Ranpalan and Gylfi. I've asked the contestants to post their stories on omorashi.org, so you can find them here on the site as soon as they are put online.

Sealed Fate by xinycep

* Spelling and Grammar: 5 - 5

* Style: 3 - 3

* Characterization: 2 - 3

* Arousal: 1 - 3

* Plot: 3 - 4

That makes a total of 32 points and a third place!

Thoughts: This was a technically very sound story. There was nothing really wrong with this, nor was there anything really right with it. This was an average omorashi story. At times this was good, but from early on, it was very apparent where this story would go. It was good but not the most original. This could have done with a lot more in characterizing and describing the whole situation. I didn't find this particularly arousing, but that could just have been because this scenario has been done so many times in the past. The author of this would do well to further develop this with more detailed descriptions and some sort of stream of conciousness. The thing that sets these sort of scenarios are the special efforts put in like that.

Thoughts: The hard part about judging this story was that there wasn't anything visibly wrong with it. It was an average omo story polished to a great degree, but not excelling in any particular point, and it's always tough to criticise that. The desperation build-up could have been smoother, the descriptions of her presentation could be more vivid, the body motions could be more explicitly shown.

The Cherry Bolt Princess' Desperate Audition by Rainyday

* Spelling and Grammar: 5 - 5

* Style: 4 - 5

* Characterization: 5 - 5

* Arousal: 4 - 5

* Plot: 7 - 7

52 points for the winner of this competition - keeping in mind that the maximum score was 60, the score shows that we've had some outstanding story entries!

Thoughts: This was a very well written story, and a pleasure to read. The decriptions in this were quite nice and did well to develop the story. The premise of this was good and executed well, but it was predictable to a degree; from the begininning you figured she would lose it during the audition process in front of everyone. Greater effort put towards internal reflection and sudden changes in the scenario would make this story truly great.

Thoughts: Well, what can I say. The introduction gave a good impression of what the story would be like, and the rest managed to deliver. The main character was one of the best in all the omo stories I've read. The pacing starts out perfect; after the actual contest begins, I feel like the build-up becomes significantly less fluid than it had been. There is very little description of the other idols; adding that, and making the contest more than an hour and a half of waiting, would likely have made for a better story. However, to be frank, had I not agreed to judge this piece, I wouldn't have found anything wrong with it.

Thesis by DrBorderline

Spelling and Grammar: 4 - 4

Style: 4 - 5

Characterization: 3 - 5

Arousal: 2 - 4

Plot: 6 - 8

A well deserved second place; 45 points for this story.

Thoughts:

Very close runner-up; this story wins when it comes to making references, accurate technobabble, and writing adorable flustered characters. On the other hand, it feels less polished; there's a cut off sentence at the beginning of the defence scene, and there's significantly less build-up to the desperation. This makes sense in context, but is still somewhat disappointing; the technical descriptions, while being extremely well written, also drowned out the omo somewhat. The final section is great; particularly the bit about Callie also having to go, and the humour at the end. Awarding extra points for plot here for the more experimental nature of it.

Thoughts: This story was a good read with some interesting twists. One of the problems I had with this story was that it times it tried to be to invested in the psuedoscience that was presented. This caused a me not to be able to suspend my disbelief at times while reading this, and it made it seem very unnatural in all regards. I found it odd that the author never put much effort into describing the protagonist, but described the judges in greater detail.

I am not sure if the was intentional, but I feel like it had a negative effect on my perception of this story. I was surprised that the protagonist did not lose control while giving her thesis defence, which was a welcome change. This story would have benefited from further characterization and character devolopment, along with some sort of internal monologue. This seemed very linear and solely focused at time. The situation with the machine seemed kind of odd and the introduction of it's effects on her bladder and her not noticing it till the presentation seemed a bit odd in its implementation. All in all though, a pretty good story.

Both Ranpalan and Gylfi wanted to thank the contestants, they greatly enjoyed reading and judging your stories.

{{: 

PERSONAL APOLOGY

First of all, I would like to point out that this late announcement is entirely my responsability. Judges Ranpalan and Gylfi delivered their comments on time and they had nothing to do with the unnecesary delay at all.

As for me; some time after the closing date of the competition, I decided that I would take a sabbatical period from omorashi.org, for personal reasons. By doing that, I simply forgot about the competition winner announcement.

I'm terribly sorry for that, and I would like to thank the contestants for entering, you did a wonderful job. As far as I'm concerned, I think this was the story competition with the highest average story quality so far.

I decided not to judge the stories myself after all, since it would only delay the announcement more. Again I'm sorry, there was no need to keep you guys waiting, but I kept you waiting anyway.

I hope I haven't offended anyone by my absence.

}}

