Arianna: Life Reborn

Author: Blackheart

*000*2013-07-29 23:43

(This story has some gender fucking in it - that is, if you don't like anything other than straight up women, this may shock you. But I still encourage you to read it. As with all of my stories, it has a bit of a lead-up, but I think you'll like it. This is an exploration of other things I'm into, :) )

She loved the nightlife of the city. There's a magic unique to the moon, that the sun cannot touch. The day is wonderful, to be sure, but it's...Mundane in a way. People enjoy the vibrancy of life, in colors and aplomb, but it's all simple and one-dimensional. Work. Frolic. Eat. Rinse. Repeat. The night is when people let their freak flag fly. Where they dress up to the nines and become what they've wanted to be, who they're afraid to exist as under the scrutinizing glare of sunlight.

They become monsters in the dark. Of Power. Lust. Gluttony. Pride. Live into a Luciferian prophecy.

Arianna lived into no small number of those excesses. But tonight? Pride stood out. She was dressed in the image of a dark goddess. A black corset with red floral embellishments, with a deep red silk scarf around her shoulders and neck. A flowing knee-length black skirt that somehow touched and hinted at her curves beneath. Black fishnet tights with more deep red. And ankle length boots that shined dully in the club bathroom's dim light.

Ari was beautiful normally and, in this moment, impeccable. Her white skin made even more stark with a contrast of black makeup and lightening highlights. She had a beautiful butt, though she wished her breasts were bigger. Still, while her body was a little lacking for her taste, it never failed to draw most of the eyes in the room.

Night was when she could let herself free of the bonds of normalcy and societal expectations. She wished she could always do so.

"Ari, come on! Lisa's got another round of shots lined on!" Alice's voice shook her from her reverie. When her friend came around the corner, she tsked. "You look fine, Ari. Fuck, you look prettier than most of the girls here. Come on, they're waiting!"

"Sorry Lissa, coming!" The voice was the hard part. Even two years in, it didn't feel right. Que sera. Her heels clacking quietly over the bathroom tiles, she and her friend escaped the confines of the bathroom. Above them, a dull bass thumped against the floor, getting louder with each step out.

VNV Nation blared its industrial anthem. The Mark's goth night was in full swing. Climbing back up a menagerie of the darkly beautiful greeted them. Industrial culture can be seen as dark and dull, but in reality it combines a fantastic palette of black and neon, extremes of colors and shades meant to impress upon the eyes, and pervert a mainstream aesthetic.

The Mark was something out of a William Gibson novel, a cyberpunk oasis in the otherwise Bowery look of the older commercial district of the city. Neon lights accented the walls while metal and plastic decorated the place. The bar seemed strapped together from scrap metal (indeed it might've been), and that's where Ari found her friends. Ugh. Tequila. The things one does for love.

"Happy birthday Ari! Are you ready?" Lisa handed her a lime and the shot glass. She was grinning evilly.

"You just like to watch me suffer, don't you?" She tried to glare at Lisa, but could only smile. Her other friends set themselves up as well, salting their hands.

Lisa laughed. "Damn straight, girl. Now c'mere." Instead of handing her the salt, she sprinkled it lightly on her half-exposed breasts. "We may be buying your drinks tonight, but it ain't gonna be easy!"

Ari looked at Lisa's chest, a combination of envy and desire overtaking her. Well, it was her birthday. Not her real one, of course, but she'd enjoy it anyway. Moreso, maybe. Today marked the second year of Arianna. She hadn't always been so. The beautiful girl, the focus of celebration tonight, hadn't always been a girl. For 19 prior years, she'd been known as Aaron, and while still beautiful, she was trapped in the body of a man. But not any longer. The celebration was for two years casting that off.

Back to the present. There was a gorgeous women offering her breasts as part of a sacred ritual of getting-fucked-up. No sense in standing in the way of propriety. Ari dipped her head in, her heartbeat picking up a few paces as she leaned closer. Her friend's skin was a touch sweaty, but with everyone being a few in already, no one cared. Ari actually enjoyed it, the presence of her friend's body. She had had a crush on Lisa for almost as long as she'd known her. She had a suspicion that Lisa knew.

The salt in her mouth, she knocked back her shot as her friends followed suit, grimaced in a not-at-all beautiful way, and bit down on her lime, the only saving grace. It burned going down. Terrible, but good in its own way.

So went the night. Dancing, laughing, shots, water, repeat. By the time 1 AM rolled around, everyone was trashed, and loving every minute of being alive. Most of her friends had to call it early for work, but Lisa stuck with her. And seemed, oddly, more friendly than usual. She tried to track it, but along with the passage of time came a very urgent need to pee.

She'd tried to go earlier in the night, but after she left the restroom started to fill up. The line went around the corner, and while she saw some girls just going in the sinks, that wasn't an option for a non-op transsexual girl. So for the time being, she grinned and bore it.

Besides, maybe it was just her being drunk, but she kind of enjoyed the feeling of holding it. If her member was anything to go by, maybe she enjoyed it more than she was willing to admit. It pressed against her black, lacy panties. Fortunately, it didn't really show.

Ari was extremely good at passing as a woman and, indeed, had to fend off several advances tonight. While boys were fun to play with sometimes, they weren't really her preference. Rather, she much preferred girls like the one gyrating in from of her. Like Lisa.

Lisa was everything Ari wanted to be. Curvaceous, with curly red hair. Naturally confident. Powerful. In a way their relationship was founded as much on mentoring as comraderie. Lisa had been with Ari from the start of her transition. Had taught her how to put on makeup, dress in flattering ways. How to be the woman she wanted to be. And in that process, the connection became almost intimate at times.

Now was one of those moments, where they danced together, their bodies vibrating with the heavy bass, moving with the woven instrumental melody. Lisa had a way of moving that was somehow suggestive, without ever actually doing anything as such. It was maddening for Ari.

"...ou okay?" Her friend said with a wry smile, as Ari snapped back to reality. Her bladder pressed against her corset painfully, making her slow her dancing to squeeze her thighs together. Again, strangely enough, blood rushed to her maleness, pressing it against her panties.

"Yeah! Sorry," she said, almost breathlessly, "I was staring off into space."

"I'm sure that was it," her friend said, in a time that said she believed anything but. "Come on, want one more shot, birthday girl?"

"Yeah, but then I gotta go pee, so lets hurry!" Walking was a little bit of an adventure given her state of intoxication, and she found herself musing absently about how it's possible to dance drunk, but god help you if you try walk a straight line.

Waiting in line she found her need increasing slowly, fueled by the night's drink. She fought the urge to grab herself, and instead fidgeted in place, her skirt swooshing quietly. Lisa, for her part, thankfully didn't seem to notice and it was shortly thereafter that they were at the front of the line.

Lisa ordered another tequila shot for her and Ari, while the latter took the opportunity to stand close to the bar so she could grab herself. Her dick pressed against her hand, and she found herself awash in sexual desire. As Lisa finished, however, she drew her hand away.

"You ready? This time's going to be a little special." She handed Ari the shot glass, but not the lime. Instead, she downed her shot immediately and stuck the lime between her teeth, raising her eyebrows expectantly. A moment of uncertainty passed Ari, before she realized what it meant. The stepped away from the center of the bar, and she took the salt shaker, sprinkling it lightly over Lisa's breast again. Alcohol made her hand slightly unsteady, but something had consumed Ari. She leaned in and then suddenly paused, briefly. An animal instinct took over, and she breathed out deeply, evoking a start from Lisa.

The smaller girl bent over and kissed Lisa's exposed flesh, dragging her tongue across the salt slowly. In turn, she suddenly felt Lisa put her hands on Ari's sides, connecting them. She slowly raised her head, breathing out as she did so, watching goosebumps form where her exhalation left. She snapped her head back, took the shot, and grimaced, turning and taking the lime. Its taste only shortly lived on her lips, as she bit it and spit it out, instead diving into Lisa's lips. Her propriety was drowned in drink, and an alien lust held her. She wanted this girl.

And as she felt the girl's energy returning, pulling her in, pressing against her, she realized this girl wanted Ari, too. Below the skirt, her dick pressed out painfully, pushing itself into Lisa's thighs. And just as suddenly as that lust, her need returned with a vengeance. So much so that she squirted into her panties. Her cock pulsed with desperation and pleasure.

"Oh gaaawwwwd." She moaned. In her desperation, her voice cracked slightly.

"Mmm...I know, right?" Lisa pressed into her again, "I'd been waiting so long to do that to y-.

"No, you don't understand! I have to pee so bad! It's almost coming out!" Ari's thighs shook a little bit, as another squirt escaped. She grabbed herself, which helped, but she was quickly losing control. "Shit, you've gotta help me get to the bathroom!"

Lisa's eyes widened slightly, with an almost imperceptible hesitation, and then she quickly grabbed Ari by the hand and led her as quickly as she could down the stairs. Unfortunately, quickly was a relative term, as the petite girl could barely walk, having to go so bad. They made it down the stairs, into the hallways before the doors when disaster struck.

Another surge overtook her poor muscles, and a larger squirt escaped, and droplets of pee dripped down her legs, wetting her skirt. "Lisa, wait, I can't...Ugh!" A stream of urine poured forth from her member, soaking her panties. She couldn't stop it, only slowing it, as a patter hit the floor, muted by the music above. Unaware of her friend, she dove into a half-covered alcove alongside the hallway, hidden from the people milling about the hallways themselves. She grabbed her skirt, trying to get it out of the way, squatting slightly.

Her beautiful thighs, milky-white, stood out against the shadows, while her bulge in her panties, streamed out pee. Lisa watched, almost motionlessly, for a few seconds while Ari pissed herself. And then she moved in closer, rubbing her hands along the trans-girl's testicles, feeling the waterfall escape from her dick. In the half-squat, her butt pressed out toward Lisa, and she found herself rubbing the Ari's shaft while touching herself through her dress.

After an eternity, the stream seemed to taper off, and Ari was left breathless, and almost uncontrollably aroused. Before Lisa could say anything, she turned around and grabbed her, pulling her in. Lisa returned the kiss and, without speaking a word, turned around and bent over, hiking her skirt and pressing her panty-clad ass and pussy against Ari. Sliding her panties to the side, Ari freed her cock and pushed it into Lisa. The heat from her crotch was almost too much, but then she felt Lisa grab her, pull her own panties aside, and slide her in. The sound Lisa made, groaning and trying to stifle it, was delicious.

Eveloped in her, Ari found herself fucking for the first time in years, but it wasn't tinged with a wrongness at all. It was glorious, too much even. She only lasted a few dozen seconds before losing it into Lisa, while she ground herself into a silently screaming orgasm as well. They almost fell over, but when the dust settled, Ari found herself staring at Lisa.

"Wha...What just-"

"I don't know and I don't care...That was the hottest thing I've ever done."

And with that, Lisa kissed the girl, silencing any retort. For her part, Ari melted into it, feeling more at peace with herself than she had for a long time.

