Torrential Toronto: A Canadian Omorashi Tale!

Author: DesperateCAN

*000*2016-10-06 01:05

This is my first story; Bear with me now.

It was late at night, 14 year old Evan Milton was staring at his phone. He browsed through his Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram and got bored. He logged into Omorashi.org.

He looked through the fiction section, and found a new story, he liked it. He started masturbating, and about halfway through the story, he came all over his phone.

He wiped the Jizz off of it, and unlocked his safe. He got some diuretics and sleeping pills. He took 2 sleeping pills, and 6 diuretics, he thought" Tomorrow will be fun"

His alarm went off at 7:00, he got up and had a shower, and skipped his morning pee. He got dressed, a denim shirt, and blue dress pants. His school had a strict dress code, he often thought a uniform would be nicer.

He went upstairs, and had a toaster strudel for breakfast, and snuck 2 diuretics into his coffee. He got in his dad's Mercedes-Benz, and they drove to school. They listened to Howard stern on the radio, and laughed. Then he arrived at his school, The Aristotle School, a Socratic method private high school. He got in the Elevator( It was on the 5th floor of an office building). It was time for drama, he felt the diuretics kicking in and Crossed his legs. At lunch, he had a big gulp, and a taquito from 7/11.

He had geography next, the teacher would always allow students to go to the washroom no matter what, it seems as if his fantasy should never come true. Next was gym, he was a 7/10 desperate, he changed in the boys washroom, and listened to a guys stream for about 2 minutes and got hard. After gym, he walked to the subway, and he really had to go.

After 2 stops a spurt came out, he smiled. After every stop, he would increase in desperation. After 5 stops he started grabbing his cock, and by the Time he reached his stop, he was going to burst at any minute.

The monitor said his bus would be there in 5 min, so he potty-danced furiously until then. The bus came and he sat down. The bus jolted, and he lost it. A huge torrent of golden joy, came down his legs, and he felt relieved. But he snapped back and realized" I just pissed myself". He jumped off the bus and ran home, his mum was upstairs, so he quickly changed, and that was it.

Sorry for the excessive details.

