Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 6

Author: Alexxx

*126*2012-10-01 15:08

(Uber sorry guys, last week college was SUPER hectic. Mid terms and all. Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere :3 "3)

(Josh POV)

"Hey. Hey. Hey Josh. Hey."

I mumbled something incoherent and rolled over. Let me sleep…

"Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey Josh."

I growled and turned around to see Static grinning, standing on one side of my bed. Nova stood on the floor, awkwardly looking from side to side.

“Auugh. What time is it…?” I mumbled, fumbling with the alarm clock next to my bed. It read 6:30. I groaned.

"Hey. Hey Josh." Static continued pestering.

"….Whaaaaaat…?"

"We get to fight a gym today!"

"It doesn’t even open until 10, lets sleep for a bit longer…"

"Nope, it opens at 6! I checked with the nice nurse at the counter. Come on, let’s go!"

Augh, he called my bluff. Cursing quietly under my breath, I pulled off the warm, morning sheets.

"Wait." I thought, slowly coming back to my senses, "How did you guys even get in here?"

Nova began to mutter an apology, but Static elbowed him before he could finish. "I fixed the lock so it would let us in."

"You ‘fixed’ it?"

"Yup!" Static smiled.

"And…how did you go about this?" I stood up, putting an arm firmly at my hip.

"Well, you know how the lock on the door didn’t let people in before?"

"Yes…"

"Now it does! I fixed it!"

I sighed, and checked the electronic lock in the door, and as I suspected it smoldered with a recent electric attack.

"I didn’t think it was a good idea, but I didn’t stop him. I’m really sorry…" Nova thought just to me, cowering down. I glanced at him, back to the smoldering lock, and then back at static, who was grinning in accomplishment.

"Static, you know what you did was wrong."

"What do you mean?!" Static exclaimed, feigning outrage. "I fixed it!"

"No, you broke it."

"Nuh-ah!"

"Static." I explained calmly. "What are locks supposed to do?"

"I don’t know…"

"Think about it."

"Lock…things? I guess?"

"Good. Now what does the lock do?"

"Opens…"

"And what is the conclusion?"

"I might have broken the lock…"

"And then what do you say?"

Static mumbled something incoherently.

"What?" I asked again.

"I was just trying to get in-" He argued.

"What do you say?"

"Sorry for breaking the lock…" He replied, mildly sarcastically.

"Alright." I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. "Now go apologize to the nurse."

"What?!"

"Go on. I’ll finish up getting ready and meet you there. We’ll fight the gym after."

"Augh, fine… come on, Nova." Static sighed, motioning to Nova to follow him. Nova shot me one last apologetic grimace, and turned to walk to the front desk with static. Once they were gone, I laughed quietly to myself while packing my things.

The lock was almost disintegrated. Static sure did ‘fix’ it alright…

*128*2012-10-10 15:56

"Sorry…" Static mumbled behind me. I ignored him. "Look, I didn’t know it would be so expensive, ok?"

"You can make it up by beating this gym." I grumbled. The broken lock had cost far more than either of us had anticipated, and used up nearly half of the traveling money I had saved for our adventure.

"Will do." He said quietly. Charmander remained silent, carefully stepping behind us.

As we entered the gym we were greeted with beautiful statues of Pokemon and people as fountains. Different sculptures decorated the walls, each allowing water to flow through their hands or mouths. All of these golden statues lead up to a giant one formed of a Gyarados several feet taller than all the others. In the middle of the room there stood a glistening pool of water, speckled with a few water type trainers. They all looked anxiously as we walked into the arena.

“A Charmander, huh? This gym might be a bit of a challenge for you, you know. Fire has a natural weakness-”

I attempted not to roll my eyes as the trainer spoke. Nova, who accidentally wandered to the front of our little pack, scurried once again behind me in fear of his new surroundings. It didn’t appear that the trainer had noticed static yet, who was a few yards away admiring one of the statues.

“…despite this, do you wish to battle?” The trainer ended.

“Hmmm? Oh, yeah sure.” I answered.

“Very well. Go, Go Goldeen!”

“Go, Pikachu!”

Hearing his name, Pikachu bolted by my side, cheeks crackling with electricity. The swimmer flinched back, startled, momentarily treading water.

“Wait, you own a Pikachu?”

“Yup.”

“Why did you make me give that speech then?!”

“You looked bored.” I grinned.

“Augh!” The trainer yelped, annoyed. “Whatever. Goldeen, use Horn Drill!”

The Goldeen shot a confused look at the swimmer.

“Static, thunder, uh-” I hesitated, seeing all the humans in the pool. Would a thunder shock hit all of them too?

“Um…thunder…shock.” I finished, hesitantly.

Static took no notice of my hesitation, and cascades of electricity poured into the pool around the Goldeen. It was an instant knockout, and the Goldeen floated to the surface, fainted.

To my relief, none of the people in the pool seemed effected. Perhaps they had some kind of plastic that prevented harm?

“What the hell. What was that!?” Someone shouted from across the pool. The swimmer and I turned our heads to see an annoyed red haired girl swimming in our direction.

“What was that!?” She demanded again, glaring at the swimmer. He glanced to the side, unsure of himself.

“What was what?” He answered awkwardly.

“That!” The red haired girl insisted. “Did you just order Goldeen to use Horn Drill?”

“…yeah?”

“That Goldeen doesn’t even KNOW Horn Drill, you idiot! I told you the moves she knew when I lent her to you!”

“Oh, I um, I didn’t know…”

“Apparently! Augh, go get the Goldeen healed, and get back here!”

“Y-yes ma’am.”

The swimmer stumbled out of the pool, and ran outside, before quickly running back inside, returning the fainted Goldeen to her Pokeball, then running back outside. The red haired girl rolled her eyes.

“I apologize for his incompetence.” The red haired girl spoke through gritted teeth, “My name is Misty. Since no one else here is able to hold their own in a battle, I suppose the duty falls upon me. Are you ready, trainer?”

Static’s cheeks one again sparked with the prospect of a new, challenging battle. I shot her my most charming and careless grin. “Are we ever not?”

*132*2012-10-15 15:26

“Go! Staryu!” Misty cried, releasing an odd star shaped Pokemon into the water. Despite having a lack of fins or real limbs, it faired no difficulty staying afloat in the water. “Staryu, use water gun!"

"Uhhh, just shock it like normal, right?" Static stared inquisitively at the strange new Pokemon, hesitating. "It’s still a water type, right?"

"Yup."

“Kah!” Static shouted, sending a thunderbolt into the heart of the crystal in the staryu’s core. The core’s gem dulled in color, and the Staryu ceased to move.

"That is one WEIRD Pokemon." Static shook his head.

Misty returned her fainted Pokemon, and tossed another pokeball into the air. This time a larger, more agile version of the creature was released, dark purple in coloring with twice the amount of arms.

"You know what do to static!" I shouted.

“Starmie! Use water gun!” Misty retorted.

The Starmie dove at static, spraying a geiser of water out of the gem on its chest. Static dodged away and used another thunderbolt, taking aim once again at the gem in the Starmie’s core. The Starmie jumped to the side, causing the thunderbolt to smash against two of its arms, causing them to disintegrate on impact.

"AUUUGH!" Static screamed in horror, "OH MY GOD! I’m SO SORRY, oh shit, are you bleeding!? C-can we bring you to the Pokemon center in time, should we carry you or do we just like-"

“Starmie, use regenerate, then water gun again!”

“Starr!” The Starmie hummed through the gem, and its strange triangular limbs appeared back where they once were. It quickly launched another water gun attack, hitting static square in the face.

“Chaaaa!” Static shouted in outrage. "That was a dirty trick, I thought you were seriously hurt!"

The Starmie gave the impression of a snicker. Through physic effects or otherwise, it appeared to be laughing.

“Static, use-”

"Yeah, yeah, I got it." Static interrupted me, sending lightning seething across the water, striking the Starmie across several of its limbs and across the gem as well. The gem dimmed, and the Starmie ceased movement.

“Starmie, return.” Misty called out very professionally. Static still growled annoyed, and adjusted his Pokespeak so his thoughts broadcasted to Misty as well.

"That was REALLY unfair. I thought I had like, seriously hurt that thing!" Static shouted. At this point I agreed, so I let him rant.

“Oh? I was being unfair? I would think that bringing a level fifty plus Pikachu to a water gym filled with level twenties or less would constitute as ‘unfair’.” She flipped her orange, dripping hair. “I had to pull something out of my sleeve, didn’t I?”

"It’s not OUR fault you have weak Pokemon! You shouldn’t have to resort to such tricks!" Static retorted.

“Isn’t it? As a gym leader I own my own Pokemon of course, but I’m forced to use lower level Pokemon against trainers as a gym leader regulation.”

I smiled. “That almost sounds like a challenge. Are you saying you could beat us without the gym leader’s restrictions?”

“Well, I guess there’s only one way to find out.” Misty swam up to her lifeguard appearing chair, and grabbed a few Great Balls hidden under the umbrella.

“Does your Pikachu need healing? I know what those level twenties can do to level fifties, you know…” Misty taunted.

"I’m fine!" Static grimaced, cheeks torched with electricity.

“All right then!” Misty grinned, “Go, Lantern!”

*137*2012-10-18 23:55

(I love you guys :3 make me feel so warm and fuzzy.)

(Josh POV)

"Josh! Orders!" Static yelped when I hadn't said though anything.

"S-standard set three." I gulped.

"WHY AREN'T I USING THUNDERBOLT?!"

"It heals off electric damage." I stammered.

"What!? Augh, fine. Let’s go!"

Static dove at the lantern, determined to take out this new foe. His hands smashed against the lantern stunning it momentarily, and he used the opening to bash his glowing orange fist against the top of the lantern. I bit my lip. I had already done the calculations.

With the combination of electricity, fighting, and ice, along with the upper hand advantage with fake out, Static was built to take out just about any pokemon. I was proud of him, but when I taught him the moves so long ago I knew there were some Pokemon that he wouldn't be able to take out.

Static uses fake out brick break combo. Deals average 55 damage, max 90 if it crits. Lanturn would have about 180 health, total, which means at most static would have dealt half his total hit points. Lanturn rebukes with surf. Deals 70 damage, about two thirds of Static’s total energy. Static attacks back, deals 35 with brick break, max seventy. Even if he crits twice, the Lanturn finishes Static with a surf. Knockout.

Do I forfeit? I knew we had already lost. If Static noticed my indecision, he didn't show it.

I gulped as I watched the inevitable outcome.

###

(Static POV)

“KAAAAH” I screamed, smashing my palms together in front of the lantern. It flinched, and I used the opportunity to jump on top of the fish. I grabbed its top fin to steady myself, and used my other paw to pound it with brick break.

“RERRRRRRN” It rumbled in a low tone, and the pool’s water suddenly rose around me. I braced myself as the water smashed into my chest, knocking the air out of me, and sending me flying off the lantern. Another wave came and snatched me from the air, pulling me under the water.

I felt sick and weakened terribly as I struggled to the surface, lungs burning for the nonexistent oxygen under the waves. Why had that attack done so much damage!? Was I meant to avoid it? I though Josh said long ago that it was virtually impossible to dodge surf…did I remember wrong?

I trusted him. Whatever his strategy was, I knew it was the best one. My head broke from the waves, and I whirled my head around to face my opponent.

“TUUUUUURRRRRN” The lantern screeched behind me, waves once again climbing higher. My fist glowed orange again, and I punched the fish right in its mouth. Its face felt hard under my fist, and barely moved with the force of my blow.

The Lantern reared back, and the waves flew above me, ready to crash on me again. I knew I couldn’t take another attack and remain conscious.

For the first time, I noticed Josh’s insecurity. I noticed his mind racing with calculations, trying to find a way out for me. I noticed the waves coming ever closer, and I noticed myself shrink back with fear.

I noticed, for the first time in months, I had failed him.

*141*2012-10-24 14:22

(Josh’s POV)

I returned Static to my pokeball, shaking with guilt. I knew from the start he couldn’t have won that battle. Was it cruel not to have forfeited from the start?

“Well? Send out your next Pokemon then. We haven’t got all day.” Misty smiled cruelly.

“My other Pokemon is away at the moment…” I stammered, thinking of Skarr. “I…have no remaining pokemon. Static was it.”

“Of course you do, your Charmander is right behind you!”

Nova squealed in fright when he heard his name allowed, and cowered behind me.

“Nova.” I motioned to my Charmander, “is only level 15. He wouldn’t stand a chance against your Pokemon.”

“Then do you forfeit, trainer?”

“…I forfeit.” I said, words tasting sickeningly bitter in my mouth. Misty smiled.

“Then you’ve lost against Pokemon weaker than your own. Don’t underestimate your opponents.”

“Noted.” I sighed, and headed to the Pokemon center with my head held low.

“You forgot your badge.”

I turned back. Misty was satisfied by her victory, but she didn’t show any signs of gloating with this action. She held out the small, glittering badge in her hand.

“You earned this at least. You did fulfill your requirements for it.”

“…I’ll be back for the badge, once I beat you honestly.”

She smiled. “I’ll be waiting.”

###

"We…we lost?"

"Yeah." I sighed. Pikachu had just been healed, and he sat on the counter looking crushingly disappointed. He held his head with his paws.

"I’m so sorry." He mumbled.

"Hey, it’s not your fault." I picked him up and put him on my shoulder. "There are some Pokemon that are really tough. In that case, you didn’t have the moves to take him out. It’s not your fault."

"Didn’t have the moves? I was TOTALLY hurting him with brick break!"

"But he was a defensive type, Stat. Brick break isn’t the best option against that type of Pokemon."

"Then what was? Hidden power ice?"

"No, that would have been worse." I sighed.

"What could I have done? Could I have dodged the surf?"

"No…You did your best, Static."

"Well I don’t get it!" Static yelled, suddenly outraged. "If I did my best why did we lose!?"

"Because our team isn’t complete." I concluded. I looked back at Nova, and longingly up in the sky at a non-existent Skarmory. "Static, you were trained for speed and attack. Against most opponents, you’ll beat them in one to two moves, max. That’s how you fight – full offense."

"Then what do we do against defensive Pokemon that I can’t hurt, like that Lanturn?"

"Fire with fire, and defense with better defense." I admitted. "That’s where Skarr came in."

"Then what." Static pouted. "Do we wait for him to come back?"

"Naw. He’ll come back when he knows it’s right. Until then…"

"Next gym?" Nova asked.

"Next gym." I concluded.

*148*2012-10-28 23:51

(Static POV)

Josh glanced at his watch, then nodded, as if to check something. I glanced up and shot him a curious look.

"Just making sure we’re on time." He explained.

"In time for what?"

"The festival."

I snorted a laugh. "People would laugh at you!"

Josh cackled with nostalgia. "Nevertheless, I still want to go to the festival, and dance before the prince!"

"She still wants to go to the festival, and dance before the prince?"

"All three were beautiful of face, …" Josh continued, laughing, "but vile and black of heart. Jack on the other hand, had no father, and his mother…"

"I wish…" I chimed in at the appropriate moment.

"Well, she was not quite beautiful…."

"I wish my son were not a fool!" I sang, "I wish my house were not a mess, I wish the cow was full of milk, I wish-"

"Um, are you guys even doing?" Nova interrupted our moment. We both howled with laughter.

"Sorry Nova, we should have explained." Josh thought between laughs. "Static and I were in a play a few years ago for my school. I suppose we’re both a bit nostalgic."

"A play? Like a game?" I frowned, realizing he had probably never been to a play before.

"Um, it’s like where people get on a stage and act like they’re other people instead of themselves." Josh explained, "And they tell a story, sometimes through singing."

"So how do you win?" Nova asked curiously.

"Well, you don’t really win exactly; you just watch the people perform. Or, if you’re the people on the stage, you try to tell the story and act it out the best you can."

"Cool!" Nova thought.

"Static didn’t think so!" Josh laughed.

"Hey!" I shouted.

"What?" Josh challenged, "Tell me you liked going to plays and you didn’t sign up with me for ‘Into the Woods’ just so you could show off?"

He was right of course, but I hated it. "Well, that was back then." I stood up straighter as I walked. "I’m more cultured now."

Josh stifled a snicker. "Oh ARE you?"

"Um, guys?" Nova politely nudged us again. "Is there a festival going on? I’m really confused."

"Oh, yes, sorry." Josh explained, "There is the Concord Festival in Vermilion City this weekend. It’s an annual celebration of the peace between all the nations. If I’m correct, I believe this is the 23rd one, which celebrated 33 years of peace."

"Wait. Why wouldn’t it be the 33rd celebration then?" I asked, confused.

"Because we humans enjoy making events complicated for tiny electric mice."

"HEY!" I shouted with false anger.

"Kidding, kidding. The festivals didn’t start until the peace was firmly established, ten years after the war."

"That’s cool." Nova muttered. "What’s going to happen at the festival?"

"People talking, selling things, laughing, performing, having a good time."

"Eating Charmander-on-a-stick, fun stuff." I grinned.

"STATIC!" Josh reprimanded as Nova shook with worry. "Don’t worry Nova, Static’s just being an idiot, no one is eating you."

"I know, I’m not worried about that. I’m just…shy around people I guess."

"Tell you what. You don’t have to go to the festival, but if you do go and decide you don’t like it, I can always return you to your pokeball and I’ll send you back out after. I think you will like it though. Deal?"

"…okay, deal." Nova said after some thought. "Thanks Josh." He smiled sheepishly.

"No problem." Josh nodded. "We’ll head to the festival tomorrow, then we’ll head to the gym if we have time. If not, we’ll fight the gym the next day, then start heading to Celadon."

In the distance, a small town just broke out before the horizon. The sky was streaked with hues of reds and purples as the sun melded into the earth.

"Let’s not break the locks this time, hmmmm?" Josh shot an annoyed look, then smiled.

"Yeah, yeah, I know…!"

###
