Times of Desperation - Prologue

Author: DespMely

*000*2012-04-17 18:33

(This is intended as the start of a series of stories focusing on desperation and queues for the toilet - although there will probably be some wetting - definately partial wettings anyway. I´ll leave it to you to figure out the premise..should be self-explanatory though)

Kasheen tried to remain calm as she passed the large table. With a flick of her wrist, she made her purse drop, causing its contents to pour out under the table. The 5 girls who had been sitting there looked up in surprise, and when she muttered a quick “oh gosh I´m so sorry!” the all giggled and started to bend down to pick up her things.

Thanking them, she started to bend down as well, but as she did so, she swiftly passed her closed hand over the 5 glasses arranged on the table. Opening her fingers one by one as her hand passed each glass, a small, pea sized pill dropped into the sodas. They dissolved within seconds., leaving no trace behind.

Breathing harder, she bent down and gathered her things from the floor and the other girls, thanking them and leaving quickly as the girls chattered on behind her. Ducking behind a pillar, she glanced towards the nearby ladies room, allowing herself a brief smile. This time it would work. She had done all she could to ensure it would. Leaning against the pillar, she kept her gaze on the table, where the girls were happily chatting and drinking their sodas.

Enduane took another log sip from her soda, savoring the coolness. It was a hot day, even inside with the air processing. She was glad she´d opted for her summer dress, to go out and meet her friends. She was sure Tammy and Leonell regretted their jeans by now. Svetlan and Zoekei, on the other hand, were wearing short dresses like her, their bare legs shining in the sun.

She was glad she´d been able to make it, tearing herself away from studying for the midterms long enough to meet her friends. They were going to a movie later, and she was very much looking forward to the distraction. As she took another gulp of her drink, she felt her bladder give a twitch. 'Better hit the restroom before the movie' she thought to herself as she crossed her legs.

Kasheen smiled as all of the girls crossed their legs almost at the same time. So much for the first part of the plan. Fumbling in her pocket, she took out a small remote and pressed the 2 buttons on it. She could feel herself grow excited, despite all the failures of the past. All those times she had tried, planned and schemed to fulfill her dream of seeing girls desperate for the bathroom…this time it would work. She was sure of it. Nodding as she saw several women enter the toilets, she switched her attention back to the table.

Switching her legs yes again Enduane noticed that the other girls couldn´t keep still for long either. Her own bladder felt almost full, which was impossible from just the one drink and she had never had to go this bad that quickly. As another wave of urgency overcame her, she wiggling her bum in the seat and started to rise, just as Svetlan sighed “i´m sorry girls I have to use the washroom quickly”. She lifted herself up and pressed her bare tighs together, clearly in the same predicament as herself.

Before Enduane could respond, the other 3 girls had already gotten up “me too!” they almost said as one and giggled, which made Tammy curtsy. “Lets go then” Enduane said, rising herself and taking a first ginger step towards the toilet. I´ve never had to go this bad before, she thought as the 5 of them quickly made their way to the ladies room.

As they entered, Leonell at the front of their group gave a small shriek. Enduane, entering last, immediately saw why: all 3 automatic relief stalls were blinking with the out of order sign, and there were 3 women waiting for the emergency physical relief stall. As they got in line, she noticed something odd: She still had to go desperately.

“How come I still have to wee like mad?” Tammy said, crossing her legs hard.

Svetlan did the same behind her “the pressure relief field must be out, just our luck!”

Enduane groaned silently. She´d never have to wait for a bathroom without the field before!

Kasheen felt her arousal as she watched the girl rush into the ladies. She forced herself to count to 10 before following them. “Finally. This time i´ll see them dance!” she smiled to herself. Finally, after all these years…after so long of trying to recreate that one time when she´d seen her classmates desperately waiting to use the emergency stall when the power and all backup systems went out. Hearing them moan and beg and seeing them dance in line and hold themselves…

Breathing heavily, she pushed open the door – and stopped, mouth open.

“Much better, you´re a lifesaver Zoekai!” Enduane said, smiling at the girl in front who was holding a faintly glowing green gadget. She was standing in line casually, legs apart, like the rest of the girls.

“I always carry it in my purse in case I have to go and don’t want to rush to the nearest toilet.” Zoekai explained, giggling. “Although i´ve never had my bladder fill up this fast before! I´m gonna pee for ages.”

The others agreed. “I wonder if something was in our drinks…” Svetlan said, stepping up in the line as Leonell entered the stall casually. A few moments later, she started peeing forcefully, and for a long time. “I haven´t physically peed for ages” she giggled as she did so.

Kasheen was already on her way out of the building, seething and cursing.

Clearly, the best planning was not going to get her what she so desired – there were simply too many toilets, gadets, and obstacles in this cursed time to fulfill her desires.

In this time.

She stopped. And then she started smiling.

Walking quickly, she went to her flat where she got together some supplies quickly. There would be only one chance. She got together what she needed and hurried to her workplace, entering the laboratory under the pretense to have left her purse to avoid arousing suspicion, and locked herself into the basement with her supplies – and a small rectangular device she had just stolen from the high security vault.

Kasheen closed her eyes. There would be no turning back now. But her unfulfilled desires were driving her mad.

With a determined shake of the head, she put down the device and turned it on, smiling as the dials showing the current date lit up.

Breathing heavily once more, she contemplated her possibilities.

She had all the time in the world now. Well, actually all the time in the world up until now…

