Strike Witches

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-09-15 07:46

The newest recruit to the 501st Joint Fighter Wing flew in formation behind her senior comrades, machine gun around her shoulders and Striker Unit attached to her legs. It was her first long flight as her and her team were sent to scout out for enemy Neuroi as they flew high above the oceans of Britannia. Squadron Leader Sakamoto had trained her well- everything from shooting down the enemies core, shielding herself from enemy blasts, flight maneuvers and anything else in between. Yes, Miyafuji had learned almost everything there was to being one of the Strike Witches- almost.

"Keep up, Miyafuji!" Flying Officer Clostermann barked at her through her earpiece once she had noticed the newest recruit falling behind. "Honestly, I can't believe I got stuck babysitting you." She groaned taking in the distressed look on the sergeant's face as she mistook it for exhaustion.

"Lay off her, Perrine, she's been doing fine." a young, dark skinned girl said rolling onto her back as she watched the girl struggling to keep up from between the blades of her propellers. "She totally nailed you during practice yesterday." Lucchini giggled flipping back around as Perrine scowled at her.

"Sakamoto was supposed to teach me that maneuver." Perrine grumbled. "Miyafuji then had the nerve to say she simply copied it, liar! Mio's been giving her extra training behind my back." She pouted.

"You gotta admit the kid learns fast" The redhead of the group said, joining in on the conversation as her long white bunny ears flopped in the wind.

"You alright, Yoshika?" Lynnette Bishop asked slowing her pace down to match that of her friend. "You don't usually have this much trouble keeping up."

"Yeah, i'm ok." Miyafuji panted out smiling weakly to her friend the team sniper.

"You don't look ok." Lynn said eying her friend closer before flying in until they were gliding together with linked arms. "Is something bothering you?" Yoshika blushed while slowly nodding her head, her Striker Unit forcing her legs apart.

"No one told me what to do if you have to go to the bathroom." Miyafuji mumbled with a blush causing Lynn to do the same. "We've been flying all day without a break."

"O-oh" Lynn said nodding in understanding. "We usually, umm, do that on an island where we can take our Striker Units off." Miyafuji frowned as she took in the surrounding area- nothing but ocean for as far as her eyes could see.

"We haven't passed any land for quite awhile." She pointed out with a frown now forced to use her free hand to contain it. "I can't hold it and keep up with everyone; It's draining my magic."

"Well, um, you wear a bathing suit underneath your shirt, don't you?" Lynn said. "If you really needed to go, you could just, well, slowly let it out while you fly." She suggested as the two girls blushed at the thought. Yoshika grimaced and leaned into Lynn, letting her support most of her weight as she thought about that suggestion. If we don't stop soon, it's going to happen regardless, she thought with a frown. She was even halfway considering just giving up and doing it ,until she realized which direction they were flying in.

"We're flying with the wind." Yoshika announced with a moan. That idea was definitely out.

"Shirrrleyyyyy." Lucchini suddenly whined over the earpiece. "Can we stop, please? I have to pee."

"Ugh, right now? Can't you hold it?" The redheaded girl with the bunny ears asked.

"Please."

"Fine, we'll stop here." Shirley said. "Everyone pull up, we're taking a break." She announced over their connected earpieces. Miyafuji's heart let out a leap for joy, until she took in her surroundings as everyone flew over to meet her and Lynn. She was still left with the problem of "where" and "how".

"Follow Lucchini," Lynn whispered in her ear pointing to the girl who took a nosedive towards the ocean.

“Don’t you dare get pee on the Striker!” Shirley barked before sighing and flying down. It had been a while, she might as well go now too, she thought following her.

“I-I can’t move!” Yoshika whimpered pushing her free hand harder into her groin. Now that they had stopped moving, she couldn’t start up again without losing control and leaking into her Striker Unit.

“Come on, I’ve got you.” Lynn said supporting her friend by the arm and flying her down. Miyafuji’s eyes went wide as she took in the scene of Lucchini, legs completely spread open with panties pushed aside, peeing into the ocean below as she hummed.

“I-I can’t do that!” Miyafuji stuttered as her face glowed bright red. Not only was she nowhere near THAT flexible, it was so...lewd. She moaned and bent forward as another powerful urge threatened to make her lose control.

Shirley looked up from her spot over the water at the sound of moaning as she finished relieving herself with knees bent like she was sitting on the toilet. When she had finished, she splashed herself clean with a little bit of water, pulled her panties back up and flew over to find the newest recruit clutching herself and moaning.

“What’s the matter with Miyafuji?” She asked Lynnette.

“She says she can’t move without leaking in the Striker.” Lynn answered trying to figure out what to do.

“Oh no you don’t! Who do you think has to clean these things?” Shirley said half carrying her down closer to the water before lifting her up by the back of the knees to keep the Striker Unit out of harm's way. “Go ahead and go, Miyafuji, I’ve got you.” Shirley said as Yoshika quickly pulled her shirt up and relaxed not bothering with her bathing suit as she covered her face with her free hand in embarrassment. “Man, you really had to go.” Shirley teased the girl in her arms, whose stream seemed to go on and on trickling into the ocean, as her face resembled the same color as Shirley’s hair.

“Thanks” Miyafuji mumbled in embarrassment once she had finished and was able to fully concentrate on flying.

“Anything for the Stri- I mean, for you.” Shirley joked. “It’s a little tricky, but for next time, all you gotta do is hold the position you use to stop with.” She said demonstrating. “I really should get Mio to teach this kind of thing in training.” She said with a sigh. “I had to spend two hours cleaning Perrine’s unit when she peed in hers last year.”

“Don’t tell her that!” Clostermann yelled in the ear piece as a suddenly familiar “HA HA HA!” Could be heard from the base.

*002*2015-09-15 17:27

What?? I wrote a story without diapers?? XD

