Lawn Duty

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-07-23 08:08

Anais was just about to mow her front lawn when she felt the need to pee. She wondered if it was because she drank two liters of root beer, plus thirty-two ounces of Gatorade.

"Whew, that just went down quick!" she said as she bent down to start the lawn mower. As she mows the lawn, the pressure in her bladder began to gradually grow. Only halfway done, she could feel that her floodgates are taking some damage.

"It's filling up!" she whimpers, desperately trying to hold it in. As she is busy holding in her pee, her body had sweated to where the front part of her shirt was wet on the collar. "I'd better at least take THESE off."

Anais stops the mower for a second to take off her black shorts, revealing her blue and white striped panties, and then starts it back up. Finally finishing an hour later, she takes her shorts and wipes the sweat off of her face. Her bladder, though, has just about reached a breaking point, where if she makes a bad step, the floodgates would burst open. She didn't think that she would have enough time to make it to the bathroom. She almost wanted to take off her panties and just pee out in the open, but she didn't want to take any chances on anyone looking at her. So, she sticks with plan B-- run straight towards the nearest tree or bush and pee there. Living in a city populated with trees and bushes, she wasn't far at all from a perfect spot. Eventually, she finds a huge bush to hide behind.

"Perfect!" she shouts. "Now all I have to do is make it."

Anais lets go of the lawn mower and goes behind the huge bush. But the second she reached for her panties in attempt to pull them down, she could feel her floodgates finally bursting open, releasing a massive torrent into her panties, staining them yellow as a stream had came from between her legs. But after about five seconds, she stops the torrent and closes her floodgates. But it was too late; her panties are completely soaked in pee. As much as she wanted to just let it all out in her panties, she didn't want to stain them too heavily to the point where even bleach wouldn't be able to get them out. She takes off her panties and stood up. She then takes the panties and strains her pee out of them. While she was doing this, she figured she would release the rest of her load. She spreads her legs apart and leans forward. She releases her pee in a big and quite sprinkly torrent that splattered on the bush's roots as if she was giving it a shower.

"Oooooh, that feels better," she says as she finishes within twenty seconds. She rubs herself a little, but then puts her shorts back on. She takes the lawn mower and shoves it in the shed, and them went inside to take a long shower.

Just great, another re-post. :(

