The Wet Witch - A Halloween Special

Author: Kyuu

*000*2013-10-27 02:14

This is a Halloween special I wrote recently. It's the first full-length work of fiction I've made in roughly a year, so don't expect anything special. I also rushed through it a bit, especially towards the end, and haven't extensively reviewed it all, so there may be some errors here and there.

It was inspired by a sketch/drawing someone posted on the site around Halloween time last year,

$$

Sorry it's kind of long. If you read it, please feel free to offer feedback, positive or negative!

PDF Download: the-wet-witch.pdf

The Wet Witch

“Saraahhh, hurry up!” rang an impatient voice from the other side of the door. “There’s not going to be any more candy left if we don’t go now!” Letting out a sigh, the short statured girl ignored the pleas. It wasn’t even really dark out yet, there’s no way anyone would run out of candy this early into Halloween night.

“Why did I get stuck doing this again this year?” the girl scoffed, slipping on some socks and tucking her feet into a pair of shoes as she protested.

Quickly hopping up off the edge of her bed and picking up a large pointy hat that was sitting beside her, she walked up to a nearby mirror and plopped it down on top of her head. “Besides, he should be old enough to go trick or treating on his own. Why does he need me to go with him?”

But even after all of her protesting, the petite girl couldn’t help but grin as she admired herself in the mirror. Dressed in almost all black from head to toe, with a black corset, a short black skirt, all topped off with a pair of striped knee high socks and even a cape that covered most of her backside. She did a quick spin, twirling her skirt and cape around a bit, and feeling a slight blush stain her cheeks as she caught a glimpse of her panties being flashed in the mirror.

Without any doubt, she held the appearance a young witch, and a pretty cute one at that. “Well.. it’s not so bad I guess.” she mumbled.

After taking a few final moments to adjust some of the smaller details of her costume, she started to head downstairs. Right as she opened her door, her path was blocked by a small boy wearing a red robe of sorts with long white hair and a pair of dog ears attached to the top of his head.

With arms crossed, he looked up at the girl with an impatient expression. “Shesh, took you long enough. I’ve been waiting here forever. Why do girls always take so long to get ready?” This costume was apparently based of some character from a popular anime series. A “half-human half-demon-dog” type character, which explains the ears at least.

“Oh hush. You should be thankful I’m even taking you, just because you’re still too much of a scaredy cat to go on your own.”

“S-Shut up! I’m not scared! M-mom wouldn’t let me go out by myself anyways.” scoffed the flustered doggy eared boy.

“Oh? Wasn’t it you who kept nagging mom to go with you to start with? If you really want to go by yourself, I’m sure you could just as-”

“No! I-I mean, it doesn’t matter now, you’re already dressed up and everything. You know you didn’t even have to wear a costume, right? I think you secretly still want to go trick or treating, even though you’re practically an adult. So don’t make fun of me!”

“Un! T-That’s not true. I just.. thought I’d dress up to be festive, that’s all.”

“Oh yeah? Is that way you’re bringing a candy basket too?”

“Tch. If I have to take you, I just figured I might as well get something out of it. So, are you ready to go, imp?”

“I’m not an imp, I’m a half-demo-!”

“Yeah yeah, you’re a half-demon-dog-thing. Whatever you are, let’s go.” she responded, dismissively walking off towards the staircase while waving a hand in the air.

After reaching the bottom of the staircase, they quickly received compliments from their parents on how adorable they both looked. Sarah topped off a large mug she was drinking from earlier with some freshly brewed coffee, and after grabbing their candy baskets, they both headed out the front door.

They started off visiting the neighboring houses before eventually having to walk to some of the more distant streets. There seemed to be fewer people celebrating Halloween this year. There was a noticeable decline last year too. Not only that, but people seemed to be getting stingier with their candy. Years ago, people used to give all the kids handfuls of candy, now most parents seem to be handing out a strict limit of one candy bar per person.

By the time their baskets were half full, it was already getting rather dark out and the temperature was starting to drop as the night sky took over. The drop in temperature made the girl resort to chugging down her coffee down for warmth.

It didn’t take long before she had sucked the last drop out from her mug, and with it, the only thing helping keep her warm was lost. Her body started to turn cold shortly after. As she started to shiver, she felt an uncomfortable pressure starting to build up inside her.

“..Hey, Imp, it’s starting to get kind of late.. we should probably head home now.”

“I told you I’m not an imp! And I’ve almost filled my basket, can’t we wait a little longer?”

“We really sho-...”

“Pleeeeaseeee? Come on, I’ll even share some of my candy with you!”

“Nnh.. fine.. but just a few more stops and that’s it... okay?”

Without responding, her doggy-eared brother just smiled and nodded happily before quickly running off to the next house.

“Man.. I really should have brought a jacket..” she groaned as she tried to catch up with her younger brother. But before she could reach the driveway, a sudden strong gust of wind caught her off guard. The cold breeze caused her body to tense up, and an uncomfortable sensation started to well up inside of her. With the gust continuing to flutter by, she froze in place as she started to shiver, wrapping her arms around her stomach to try and keep herself warm.

“Look mom, hers has stars just like mine!” commented a young girl as she walked by.

Confused, Sarah looked over at the child and blinked when she noticed the girl was pointing directly at her. When she noticed where the girl was pointing, her cheeks suddenly blazed a crimson red and her hands immediately bolted down to her skirt. While she was preoccupied with keeping herself warm, the sudden gust had been giving everyone behind her a nice clear view of her star printed panties.

With her cheeks still on fire, she quickly pushed forward and moved to try and catch up to her brother, only to be met by him half way.

“Hey, where’d you go?” he asked.

“Nnh, nowhere. Let’s just hurry up and go to the next house.”

“Don’t you want your candy?

“No, it’s fine, let’s just hurry up so we can head home. Please.”

It took the two a few minutes to reach the next house. As they continued walking, she was starting to grow increasingly restless. The uncomfortable pressure she had been ignoring was starting to quickly intensify. She could feel the coffee she had so carelessly chugged down earlier starting to hit her with a vengeance, and the freezing cold temperatures weren’t helping in the slightest.

By the time they reached the next driveway, the pressure had nearly doubled in intensity, and it was becoming really hard for her to stand still. She told her brother to go ahead without her and waited at the end of the driveway.

“Ahhnn.. I have to pee so bad.. I guess I shouldn’t have had so much coffee..” she grumbled to herself. Looking around her to make sure no one was near, she attempted to cross her legs together slightly, as inconspicuously as possible. A sudden wave of desperation hit her as she did, forcing her legs to lock together and ruining any subtlety her actions may have had. The pain made her wince and arch forward slightly.

Something about these freezing temperatures made it so much harder to cope with these things. Every chill and shiver made her body feel weak.

After a few moments, she saw her brother walking back her way. Carefully, she forced her legs apart, and stood back up straight, a slightly numbing pain running up her body as she did. As another pang of desperation hit her, and she felt her legs start to shake a bit, this time not from the cold.

“Hey, what’s wrong with you?”

“N-Nothing, it’s just getting really cold out. And it’s getting really late. So let’s head back home now, okay?”

Her brother was starting to look a little worn out from all the walking, so he didn’t protest much, and they both agreed to head back home.

Trying her best to just ignore the urge, she somehow managed to keep herself walking a straight and steady path back. At least, for a little while she did. When another strong gust hit, her body unwillingly tensed up, and with nothing else to stop it, a foreign warmth suddenly spurted out into the witch girls panties.

“...!!”

Feeling her cheeks go hot, she immediately froze in place and bolted her hands down to her skirt, clenching her fist into the fabric and quickly locking her legs together at the same time. She regained control over herself before any real damage was done, but she felt like that might change if she moved even an inch.

“Sis? Hey, sis, why did you stop?”

As her younger brother looked back at her, it didn’t seem to take him long to figure out her predicament.

“What are you doing, do you have to pee or something?”

“Sh-shut up! Not so loud!”

“Keh, well what did you expect? You’ve been sucking down whatevers in that huge cup of yours all night.”

“Shut up I said! I don’t like this cold weather, and I didn’t think to bring a jacket, it was the only thing that helped!”

After a few more moments passed, she managed to calm herself down and the pressure melted away, allowing her to stand back up straight and walk past her brother at a slightly faster pace than before.

Every step she took now felt like it was causing her bladder to increase in size. After a minute passed, the pain became so bad she couldn’t force herself to walk straight. Unable to pay attention to where she was going, she stubmled over a rock on the side of the pathway, and the shock caused her to lose control for a second.

“Pssshhhh!”, despite only lasting a few seconds, the spurt made an audible hiss as the wet warmth quickly soaked into the girls panties. In a panic, she bolted one hand down, shoving it up her skirt and grasping herself as tightly as she could, the short stream dying down to a trickle as it soaked through her panties and dampened her fingers.

Blushing like mad and not caring who could see at this point, she started to speed walk as fast as she possibly could. The warmth in her panties quickly started to turn cold, and even with her fingers dug into them, the panties were starting to tickle her more with each step she made. Roughly 30 more seconds passed by and an even stronger wave of desperation hit her without remorse.

Feeling powerless to stop it, a heavy spurt broke free and quickly warmed her panties again. The stream jetted out at full force, quickly soaking through her already wet panties and flooding into the palm of her hand, then pattering down to the sidewalk below as she continued to push forward.

In an act of sheer desperation, she bolted for a nearby tree and threw herself against it, cramming both her hands into her skirt and all the way down into the front of her panties. She clasped her hands against the stream and pressed her legs as tightly together as she could, letting out a fairly load moan as she desperately fought off the urge to just give up and let herself go here.

After a few moments passed by, she somehow managed to regain control again. The stream died down to a trickle, then finally stopped. The blissful feeling of relief filled her with a desire to just let go, but she knew that absolutely was not an option. Looking up, she saw a nearby house with the porch light still on.

“T-There’s no way.. I can make it back like this.. I-I’ll have to ask.. I have no other choice..” she thought to herself, letting out a loud groan as she forced herself back up. Wobbling painfully to the front door, she rang the doorbell, but there was no response. She waited,and again rang the doorbell, her legs starting to quiver and grow weak.

“I have to.. hold it.. nnghh..!”

Moaning out loudly, she dug an arm back into her skirt, holding herself through the fabric and tightly clenching her fist shut. She felt herself losing strength as her knees started to give out.

Just then, someone came and opened the door. It appeared to be a boy around her age. He was around the same height as her and had dark brown hair that was only slightly shorter than hers. “Sorry for that, trick or trea-.. eh? Hey, are.. are you okay?”

The boy blinked in her direction with a slightly confused and concerned expression. She tried to open her mouth, but was suddenly lost for words. She didn’t expect a boy so cute and around her age to answer. How could she ask something so embarrassing to him?!

“U-Uhm.. I... I...”

She suddenly gasped out in reflex as an intense pain shout through her lower abdomen. Her fist clenched tighter and her legs twisted, starting to shake violently as she desperately forced some words out.

“C-Can I.. Can I.. u-use the.. the.. the..”

As the pain intensified, her cheeks burned a deeper shade of red than they ever had before. Tears started to well up in her eyes as she tried to force the last of her sentence out

“Restroom.. Can I use the restroom.. p-please..! I need the restroom now!!”

By the time she managed to stammer her words out, she started to lose it. A wave of desperation hit her harder than ever before, and she couldn’t do anything to stop it. It started with a few small spurts, those spurts turned into a light trickle, and that trickle quickly grew in intensity until it became a roaring hiss in a matter of seconds.

Unable to maintain the strength to fight anymore, the girl quivered and gave in, letting her body relax. The stream quickly soaked through her panties again, and with nowhere else to go, the flood mercilessly poured down her legs like a waterfall.

With her legs still arched inward, some of the stream parted and started to run down her thighs, soaking into her socks and pouring down to the concrete below in several directions.

10 seconds passed, then 20, then 30. Neither of the two had moved or said a word. The flood continued to pour out of the witch girl mercilessly, splashing down onto the porch below with loud pitter patters that only slightly muffled the intense hiss that was flooding her panties.

Losing the will to fight anymore, her legs gave out. There was a sudden “splash!” as her butt got very warm and damp. In a complete daze, she looked down to see herself sitting in a large golden puddle that was spreading out in all directions.

Looking back up, she felt tears welling in her eyes again, giving out light sobs as the boy in front of her looked down in shock, remaining speechless for a few more moments before finally managing to get some words out.

“U-Uhm... H-Hey, you should probably come inside, you’re going to catch a cold like that..” mumbled the boy with his own cheeks flushed slightly red.

But the girl was unable to move. She couldn’t do anything but sit there, frozen.

“H-Here, can I help you..?”

The boy leaned down and offered her a hand, pulling her back to her feet and leading her inside.

“I think my sister might have a change of clothes you can use.. so.. wait here a moment please.”

As the boy quickly turned around and ran up a staircase, the witch girl was left standing there, still in a daze with her clothes still dripping yellow liquids onto the carpet below..

A few moments later, the boy returned, carrying a black skirt that was slightly longer than the one she currently had on topped of with a clean pair of panties.

“The bathroom is right over there, so, uhm.. h-here.”

The boy offered the clothes to the girl, looking away shyly and scratching his chin.

Accepting the clothes, she nodded gently and walked over to the bathroom, closing the door behind her and letting out a sigh as she stripped out of her skirt and panties. As she started to come back to her senses, she dried off and slipped on the clean clothes, stepping out from the bathroom right after.

“U-Uhm.. thank you.. for your help.. but.. you didn’t have to do allthis..” the girl said shyly, hiding her face as she did.

“It’s okay, really.. uhm, accidents happen, right? Eheheh, I don’t mind, and my sister was more than happy to help.” he responded, giving her an encouraging smile at the same time.

After promising to return the clothes tomorrow, she said her goodbye’s and headed for home again. In the end, she ended up having to bribe her brother with the candy she collected that night so he wouldn’t tell their mom about the incident.

*004*2013-10-27 22:42

{{: 

INUYASHA! :D Man, do I have a soft spot in my heart for child-Inuyasha.

}}

Hehehe, yep, me too!

{{: 

Great story. The only error I noticed was at one point you wrote "which" instead of "witch". But your descriptions are well-written, and the characters are adorable.

}}

The sad thing is I corrected that mistake so many times already. I have a really bad habit of doing that apparently. @[email protected]

Thanks for the feedback (from everyone) also. I appreciate it, and I'm glad it didn't turn out as bad as I was expecting it would :P

*009*2013-10-28 05:45

{{: 

Really dug this story, didn't realize you'd written stories on here before. What was the one you wrote before this one?

}}

It's actually been almost two years since I published anything on here now that I look. It doesn't feel like it's been that long.

But I feel way too ashamed to link to any of the posts. They're still on here though, so if you can search them out have at it. I think I personally would rather just forget I ever wrote them though.

*015*2018-02-27 07:28

{{On 2/24/2018 at 8:51 AM, PIXEL said:

Absolutely amazing, remembered this and spent a few minutes searching, so glad I found it! Sorry for posting years late.

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it!

