A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*000*2014-02-02 08:54

This is a coop story that's being written by myself and my friend KonekoChan, I;d like to share the first chapter with you. I hope you guys enjoy as much as we enjoyed writing it comments are welcome,

Chapter 1: The Clash of Wind Against Flame

A light breeze blew through the trees within the middle of the path leading towards the school. Known as "Evergreen" it was a private school for girls. It had been built on the outskirts of the town known as "St Augusta" the town itself was a cross between that of a small town mixed in with that of a big city. The school itself was build in the style of gothic architecture with a style featuring pointed arches and vaults in windows or doors, steeply pitched gables, and balanced thrusts in stone masonry. Stone sinews are visible in the structure. Which was two stories tall and had been designed by a master of his art.

As another breeze blew it seemed like as if out of no where a small female appeared from out of no where. Kara has shoulder length hair. The long pink locks had been carefully and expertly formed into tight ringlets, a tedious process that only the nobility had any time for. Reaching to the middle of her small black. Her eyelashes are neatly curved, and her thin, curved eyebrows fit perfectly on her beautiful face. Her gently slanted, eyes were a piercing blue more deep than any ocean and more shimmering than the sky on its clearest day and black darker than the night itself, both were crowned by long dark lashes and delicately arched brows. A small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips completes her beautiful face.

Kara stepped out of the windy like breeze, she was dressed in a short black frilly skirt. That reached down to about mid-thigh a short white blouse with black roses covering it. Two black boots covered her feet as she walked down the path. For if one were to look at Kara they would just see a normal girl but she wasn't normal she was a user of wind magic having. Been trained in the arts by her father since she was a young age. She was quite good at it but still had lots more to learn.

"I wonder how this year will be can I truly make a friend?" Kara asked herself.

She had finally reached the main gates to the school where several other girls were already. Standing around and talking with each other Kara. Made her way past them and found a quiet spot near a large old oak tree, She stood apart from the others and just watched the events taking place before her.

Today's just like any other day. I walk to school, taking in all the glares of disapproval and jealousy from my classmates. Well, I wouldn't call them classmates, in fact, I won't even wish to be associated with those spineless cretins who can't even bring themselves to personally voice their resentment for me. How do I know they hate me? The answer is easy, I know things they don't know. I can read their little thoughts as they see me walk by.

The girl to my immediate left thinks I'm somewhat of a mobster's child, sure, my family's got money, but they're no mobsters. They run a large money-lending company called "Sera Finance". I'm their next heir to be truthful. Frankly, I couldn't give a damn, I want nothing to do with my Mother's company. They should just leave that to my younger half-sisters when they come of age. I'm the oldest of three, if you haven't yet figured that out. I once had wishes to run the firm, but they all crumbled away when my Father died and my Mother was forced to re-marry or lose the company. At that particular moment in time, it was perceived as abnormal for a Woman to run a money-lending company, three years later, that rule was overrun, making it possible for my Mother to run the company by herself, if she so wished. But by that time, she was already trapped in marriage.

After my Father died, my Mother was never the same, and neither was the company which I will soon be forced to run when I graduate from University, but that is a distance away, six years to be exact. My Father always used to run a reputable business, always being fair when people had difficulties repaying the debts they owed him. As soon as he died, my Mother took the reins and changed all that, ruling the company with a fist made of Iron, completely destroying the good reputation which my Father built up for us. We're now known as a company who's only in it for the money and not our client's happiness.

But that's enough about my family troubles, I don't want to destroy your attention span just yet. The boys cat-calling from the trees overlooking the path to my school think I'm 'just their type'. No way would I ever want to get with such a loathsome gender. One of the boys only wants to get with me to use me as a sort of trophy. "Look at me guys, I've hit the jackpot! Appreciate me and call me your master." That's his exact thought of what he'll do once he become my 'boyfriend'. Honestly, if he's insecure in his own masculinity then I want nothing to do with it.

The girls chatting under the Oak tree to my right think I'm an emotionless monster. A monster? Really, just because I am more popular than you it doesn't mean I am abnormal. I don't even know what it means, popularity is a pointless label to help those who have difficulties living their lives feel an ounce of importance. I wouldn't want to be branded in such a way.

The girl walking behind me is too busy frothing over my choice of underwear that morning to even think any sense. Wait, WHAT?! She's LOOKING at my UNDERWEAR! What a putrid cockroach! How dare she do such a thing! I'm not going to walk in front of her any more, that's for sure.

Anyway, I've bored you enough, now down to the more important things. My name is Lilly Sera, I'm a Year 8 at Evergreen, which is a Private school for girls. I have short white hair and red eyes. Oh, I forgot to tell you, I also have Mild ESP and the ability to control fire. White fire at that. I'm a pyromancer of sorts with mild mind-reader thrown into the mix. I can only read surface thoughts, if you're wondering, but that's enough for me.

That's enough about me. It's nearly time for the day to start. Oh, the joys. I can't even control my excitement at this moment. In case you didn't notice, I was being sarcastic there. Well, I guess it's time to go...

Kara remained standing near the oak tree watching as more students arrived at the school. She didn't bother to interact with anyone let alone move it seemed that no one ever noticed she was there. That was usually how things were with Kara she didn't seem to care about it that much in fact she was happy with it. She thought that most people were selfish bastards who wanted nothing more to either get into her pants or use her as a means. Of increasing their own status within Kara's fathers company.

Entitled "Ravenclaw" after the families last name the business itself was that. They worked with the high ranking officials whom were in charge of the city. They did normal deals and side deals which often times led to people being outested from power and new people. Taking their places to even deaths of rival members between other people.

It was usually members of the company who went out with Kara. They never really cared for her just wanted to use her anyway they saw fit. There had been times when they try and get into her pants this led to fights and a couple of near rapes. But often end up leaving with their tail between their legs once Kara was done with them kicking their asses for even trying that on her.

Her family life was simple she was an only child and spent most of her time alone. Her parents seemed to busy with work and weren't around much. There would be times where they wouldn't even come home. Kara didn't mid this either she enjoyed the time alone it gave her time to think and train to use her power for Kara was an Aeromancer having the power to control the very wind itself. Those whom new of this called Kara "Wind dancer" is was name that suited her well for when ever she used it and someone it.

They would say that it looked like she was dancing in the wind. That's what Kara had been thinking about she wasn't even sure just as to way she had thought all that. Deciding to a little fun she closed her eyes a clear magical power seemed to flow out of her. The very wind it seemed to suddenly seemed to change from a light breeze to that of a strong breeze which had started to blow up the skirts of several of the girls around Kara. Revealing the different types of panties they were,

Which were white, black, checkered, striped even one had a picture of pikachu upon the backside of them. The girls screamed in fear using their hands to push down the hems of their skirts their faces blushing bright red. All Kara did was smile as she saw this and the wind started to die down.

"Damn fools" Kara thought.

Lilly was walking along the pathway to her school, keeping her head down as usual to not make eye contact with anyone. This way, she learned a lot more about them than she would have if she asked them.

Her cream blouse was blowing in the small breeze, moving the blue bow on the front of it gently from side to side. Her pleated red skirt joined the dance which her blouse was partaking in, gently shuffling as the wind caressed it. Her pure white shoes softly clicked against the floor with each step she made, this sound was drowned out by the conversing students around her. The frills on her ankle high white socks bounced a little with each of her steps.

She was snapped from her graceful pace when a violent wind blew in from her right. This lifted up her skirt, revealing her light blue panties with royal blue stars on. She let out a surprised gasp and quickly pushed her skirt down. Too late, the boys in the trees overlooking the pathway just got the spectacle of their dreams. They cried out in joy as they saw all the varieties of underwear which the poor unsuspecting girls on the path had on them that day. Most eyes were on the panties she was wearing.

This wasn't a surprise, Lilly was a popular fantasy toy for the boys in the town. Several times when she had walked by them, she saw their disgusting thoughts of her partaking in various acts of Sadistic pleasure. She was putting one foot on a boys chest, giving him full view of the panties which they imagined she was wearing, a black lacy thong which barely covered her privates, and barraging him with insults as he writhed in pleasure at each word she threw at him. Lilly was thoroughly disgusted by this corrupted individual so she made it her goal to avoid him for the rest of the time she will spend in this city.

With her face burning from rage and embarrassment, her eyes took on a white fiery glow as she stared at the branch they were holding on to. In a matter of seconds a small white flame started burning away at it, it shot trough it like a laser and they fell, with the branch, onto the floor outside the school fences.

"That'll teach those festering balls of wasted ejaculate." She thought as she saw the boys fall to the ground. "Wait, that wind earlier. It wasn't natural, that was for sure. The forecast didn't predict strong winds at all. It must have been... but, it couldn't be?" Lilly had a sneaking suspicion what that wind could have been.

Wind magic.

"I'll have to stay on my guard. There could be one of them here." On high alert, she made her way towards the school building, walking a little faster than she was before.

Kara was still watching for a time as several of the girls were using there hands to push down their skirts. On the inside this filled Kara was a warm feeling she caught sight a pair of light blue ones with stars upon them. As Kara watched the girl push her skirt down she took in the sight of her she just looked upon. "She's beautiful" Kara had said aloud to herself. A small blush creeps onto her face she then took her eyes off the girl and looked at the others, With a look that said who cares if your embarrassed.

She suddenly became alert when she heard something crashing into the ground. Her her gaze she saw several of the boys who usually hung around the gates and outside of the school. Fall to the ground yet another part of her was also alert there was a faint trace of magic in the air. Looking around slowly she tried to find out where it had come from, But couldn't find out who could have used such magic.

A moment passed when a small burnt smell filled the air.

"It couldn't be, could it they have one here?"

Kara knew at once that who ever had used that magic was around somewhere for the magic the had used was.

Fire magic.

Walking away from the old oak tree Kara followed behind several of the others girls walking into the school building. She ended up a few feet behind the white hair girl who entered into the building and a moment later Kara entered right after her.

"Those damn panty perverts! How dare they peek at my underwear!" Ran through Lilly's mind as she walked down the school corridor to her form room, which was an English room.

She threw the door open, startling a few students who were already in there, she didn't even bother to close the door after her. She was in a foul mood at that moment in time, her eyes still held a small white fiery look in them. She practically threw her bag on the floor underneath her desk and dragged the chair out before sitting on it and dragging it back under.

"What are they looking at?!" She thought as she spied the girls looking in her direction. She quickly ran a surface thought check over the classroom. The girl who was looking at her phone before Lilly's entrance was now thinking about avoiding Lilly altogether today as she seemed in a foul mood. The girl talking to the one on the phone thought that Lilly just wanted attention with her entrance so she paid it no heed.

Lilly looked up at the clock over the whiteboard, the time read '8:15'. It was around 15 minutes before form was meant to start, so, trying to calm herself down as much as prevent boredom, she got out the book she was reading, the book was 'Sabriel' by Garth Nix, and proceeded to pick up where she left off the night before.

Kara had walked through the crowded hall of the school. She was still following behind the white haired girl who had entered into the classroom just a few moments before her. It seemed that they both were sharing their first period with each other, Right as Kara entered the room she heard a slamming sound and saw the girl throw her bag on the desk. It seemed like she was in a foul mood for some reason not knowing what it was Kara remained by the door silently watching her.

A moment later Kara finally entered and took a seat at the back of the room near the windows. She was only about two rows away from Lily she placed her own bag on the floor "why is she mad?" Kara thought to herself she had seen the look the Lily had given off to a few of the other students, but before sitting down Kara was the only one who returned the look with a emotionless expression.

Reaching down Kara opened her bag and took out her binder and started getting ready for class. Looking up at the clock herself it now read "8:20" and then at her beg she reached in and pulled out her own book entitled "Orion, Tears of Isha" by Darius Hinks opening the book Kara started reading from where she herself and last left off.

A couple of minutes later she looked up from her book and stared again at Lily. There was something about her that just filled Kara was a warm feeling which she couldn't explain. "maybe I should introduce myself we still have a few minutes before class begins" Kara thought.

Around 5 minutes later, Lilly could feel a gaze piercing into her. Wondering who would have the bravery to do such a thing to a girl who was feared and detested by most of her class, she looked up from her book and gazed around the classroom.

The two girls who had earlier been in the room were now sitting at their desks trying not to attract the gaze of Lilly. A few more students had entered the room, most of them seemed to know what kind of mood she was in so they avoided her like the plague. She finally looked to her left and saw, peeking over a book, a girl who she did not recognize.

Lilly knew almost everything about all the students who attended Evergreen, most of them looked to Sera Finance to pay for their child's tuition fee or had parents who were regulars to the various money-lending firms dotted around St Augusta, Sera Finance included. She practically knew everything about everyone, just not this one girl.

"Interesting...very interesting." She thought as she examined this girl more closely. She wasn't much to look at in Lilly's opinion, ringlets were extremely outdated to her. Plus, pink hair? That was just ridiculous. The only good feature about this girl was her blue eyes, which were partially hidden behind the top of the book. Not wanting to take any chances with anyone, she attempted to do a surface thought check over this mysterious girl.

Kara was still thinking about going over to the girl and at least saying hello. But stopped herself from doing so was this something she really wanted to do, In a way yes she wanted to still say hi but there was something about the girl that didn't seem quite right. It seemed that she was always in a foul mood from the stories that Kara had heard told about Lily. When she was walking in the hallway to the class room. She never had seen anyone around her before even though she had only first seen her today.

"Why, is someone like her always alone, or at least happy" Kara thought.

She was still looking over the top of her book at Lily she then shook her head. "Can it be that she doesn't want anyone around? I'm sure of that but maybe deep down she wants a friend?" Kara went on to think.. She returned to reading her book but her thoughts were still focused on Lily putting her book down on the desk. Kara took another moment to gaze upon her "I wonder what her name is?" Kara thought.

Lilly assessed the thoughts of the girl looking at her. The girl wondered why Lilly was always alone and practically never showing happiness. The girl assumed that Lilly didn't want anyone around but secretly wanted a friend.

"What does she take me for? A lonely girl who's too shy to make friends so therefore gets everyone to hate her? What a ridiculous notion that is!" Lilly thought in response to that bit about this mysterious girl revealed. Lilly later found out that this girl wished to know her name. "Names are power, things which I could do without other people knowing. It appears that the regular populace does not share that same thought with me."

However, this girl still interested Lilly. She wished to know more about her, like she does with the rest of the population of St Augusta. Maybe she should attempt to get this information the conventional way, through asking her? Not a chance. Words can be twisted and molded to what the sayer wants the recipient to hear. Thoughts, on the other hand, are less likely to be changed. She returned to reading her book, but still kept attempting at viewing this mysterious girl's thoughts.

She looked at her watch, the time read '8:25'.

"Only 5 more minutes..."

Kara didn't know what else to think "I wonder what's she truly like under all that anger and hate" Kara thought as she started putting her book away. She took one last look at the girl again wondering things about her. "Does the want she act truly make her happy? does she have any hobbies of interests" Kara went on the think. As she again thought of getting up to go talk to her but put that aside as the clock on the wall struck "8:30" the school's bell sounded by ringing meaning that the day had truly began.

Next in walked a small old man in his early 50's in was wearing a grey suit and tie. His name was Mr. Smith and he was a nice old man always going out of his way to help his students. With their school work or even problems of their own. Most of the kids liked him and were also sad to learn that this was his last year teaching at the school. "Ok, class today we begin a new school year and with that new years comes many new things" Mr. Smith went on to say as a few of the girls were listening to him.

"My class will be hard and challenging with many projects and assignments I'll say this now. You will need to form a group of one two people.this very day since you'll be getting your first assignment. Which is I want you to write me a short 1 page paper about your partner" Mr, Smith went on to say.

"Why is she so interested in me?! Can't she take a hint? The other students don't want anything to do with me so why is she different?!" Lilly was starting to lose her patience with the girl. She was about to find some way to get her to hate her when the bell rang.

The teacher walked in, opening up a perfect opportunity for her to get this new second shadow off her back. No teacher here would dare touch her, regardless of what she may do. Her family name protected her from anything. Nobody wanted to get on the bad side of the Sera family, lest they lose everything they've ever owned.

The teacher droned on, reciting his usual spiel about "New Years" and "New Starts". A load of pointless jargon, Lilly thought. The teacher then went on about what their first assignment would be. Paired work?! Lilly hated anything which required her to have to be civil to anybody, most of all paired work. Most of her previous 'partners' were too scared of her to actually contribute to the work, which left Lilly doing it all by herself. She had to delay this some way, while thinking up a way to get the strange girl to hate her. She remembered something, the thing which she hated answering every lesson. The register! She knew just what she would do.

"Sir. I do believe you may be going senile, not that I care. I do believe that the policy of the school dictates that, before any class work can take place, the register must be read out to count attendance. Am I wrong, Sir?" Lilly stated.

Mr. Smith was still rambling on and on about things when he heard Lily speak up interrupting his train of speech. :"Normally you are right but I thought about starting differently today young lady" He said as he quickly finished up his speech and started. To take attendance finally Kara took all this in as she watched the events unfold before her.

"Just what is she thinking" Kara thought.

Did this girl really want to get into trouble that badly? even on her first day of school. Kara's train of thought was broken when the teacher spoke up once again.

'Ok students I want you to get started right away" he pointed out.

He looked over at Lily.

"I'd like you to see me after class young lady" Mr. Smith told her.

Kara heard all this as students were starting to slowly form into groups Kara only laughed. "So, she did wanna get into trouble"Kara thought. She was still laughing to herself as by now most of the class had partners except both Lily and Kara were still with out someone.

"Oh, Lily, Kara seeing as you two are to last two students alone you shall be in a group" he told them.

Hearing the teacher just disregard her statement so freely cause Lilly to panic a little.

"What?! Does this guy wish to lose his job?!"

She heard the teacher send everyone off to work, he then turned to Lilly and requested that he sees her after class. She just smiled and said.

"If you wish, Sir." She said the last word in a sarcastic way. The teacher then paired her up with the only other student who didn't have a group. The girl who was regarding her over the book she was reading this morning. She didn't want to pair up with this girl called Kara, so she thought quickly.

"Must I work with her? I'd prefer to do this alone. Why must we work as a group? What good will that do us?" She asked, slightly panicked. If this failed, she'd be stuck with her for the rest of the school year, she thought.

While Kara remained in her seat watching the events unfold the other students stopped what they were doing. And also started to watch wondering how things were going to go down between Lily and the teacher.

Mr. Smith her the sarcastic way Lily had said "Sir" and got mad a little.

"You, better show some respect elders Lily the next time I hear anything like that again you will come up here and get a public spanking" he told her.

"Evergreen" was allowed to deliver whatever punishments the teachers wanted to on the students who broke the rules in any manner they saw fit. It wasn't uncommon the the girls to get spanking for just saying something wrong even showing a teacher disrespect normally would send a girl right up there. But since this was the first day Mr. Smith was being nice in a certain way.

He was about to speak up again when Kara was the one who broke the silence.

"Do, you think I wanted to be paired up with a snobby girl like you!" Kara told Lily as she got to her feet. "How do you think I feel like I want to spend my time with someone who goes flashing all the boys their underwear" Kara said.

Several of the girl in the room started laughing at hearing this.

"Yeah, we saw that she did flash them" a young girl named Amber said.

"Try it! See where that gets you! Do you know what happens to people who get on the wrong side of the Sera family?! All it will take is one word to my Mother and you'll be without anything, not even the clothes on your back!" Lilly shot back to this threat from the teacher.

She turned when she heard Kara speak up. Her face turned red with rage and humiliation when she heard Kara mention about the underwear flashing which Lilly didn't want to take part in.

"W-what did you say?!" Lilly retorted, the white fire in her eyes starting to show again. "How dare you say that! By no means would I ever wish to partake in such a despicable act! You may be a common trollop who would wish to do that but I certainly am not!"

She heard the girls laughing. She shot a death glare back at them. She then heard a girl speak up, she turned to her and shouted back. "S-so did you!" She turned back to the rest of the class. "So did all of you! Why would anyone, save for trollops, voluntarily flash their underwear to boys?! It was the WIND! You all felt that gust!"

Lilly was flustered, she didn't know what to do.

The teacher was about to reply back to her when he remained silent. He knew just how powerful the Sera family was she wanted to push in on the matter but knew in doing so, Would truly see him fired or much worse though it it was the Ravenclaw family he was upsetting he would most likely end up dead at some point.

"Forgive me": he stammered.

"Hey, look she's blushing" Nikki called out.

Some more of the class started laughing at Lily, Kara joined the as she watched what happened. "You heard me" Kara told her she then fell silent as she listened to the rest of what Lily had to say. "Trollop how dare you call me that" Kara snapped in reply she at first was enjoying this while also feeling sorry for Lily but that started to change. "To even think a noble lady of the Ravenclaw family would even do such a thing when you yourself started the entire flashing show" Kara screamed back.

"Oh. the wind blame it on the wind" Nicole called out.

"Hey, maybe she'll give us another she quick someone open a window" some one shouted.

"ENOUGH" roared Mr. Smith as he slammed a ruler down on his desk. Getting the classes attention "Lily and Kara main office right now" Mr. Smith yelled in anger.

The laughter was increasing, along with Lilly's humiliation.

"Damn that girl! She started all this! Why aren't they picking on her?!" Lilly thought, her anger and humiliation rising still.

She thought she heard the teacher talk again, she couldn't make out what he said, all she could hear was the laughter of the other students.

It appeared that Lilly calling this new rival a trollop evoked quite the reaction. Finally, something else to focus on. She listened intently as the angry Kara shouted a response to Lilly's pokes.

"Me?! I started it?! Are you right in the head? A girl of the Sera family is sure to have more dignity than the Ravenclaws. Are those drill bits on the side of your head affecting your ability to think logically?! Know your place, cur!" Lilly retorted angrily.

She heard more shouts and jibs from the other students, but she ignored them, her full focus rested on this pink haired girl in front of her.

She was about to further insult Kara when she heard a loud bang and a shout. Lilly practically jumped out of her skin, all anger lost, she stood there, gently shaking in fright as the teacher continued. He demanded Kara and herself to go straight to the main office.

"F-fine!" Was all Lilly could reply, her voice cracking a little from the shock.

Kara had a smirk on her face clearly she was enjoying watched Lily being humiliated, In front of the class she then heard as Lily spoke to her again calling her a curl and that she should know her place. The insult on her hair sent Kara off as she cried out in anger.

"At least I don't dress up like a tramp like you and go flashing all the boys in hopes of getting them alone. So that I can preform sexual favors on them which I'm sure you do" Kara told Lily. in a angry tone of voice.

She was about to insult Lily further when she to heard the loud bang scaring her out of what she had planned. It seemed it was saying that she long with Lily needed to go up to the main office. "Ok sir" Kara replied quietly shaking slightly herself she reached down and started putting her binder back into her bag before heading to the door and walking out of the classroom.

Kara stood outside waiting for Lily to arrive "the nerve of that girl how dare she humiliate me like that" Kara thought. Her face turning red if the teacher had not stopped her Kara would have attacked Lily on the spot.

Lilly picked up her bag and put her book back inside. She then stormed off out of the classroom and into the hallway.

"What an infuriating girl! How dare she call me a tramp and make me a laughing stock of the whole class!" Lilly was fuming with rage now, her eyes were definitely burning with white fire. She wanted to put that girl in her place and burn those disgusting drills off her pretty little head. She managed to refrain, with great difficulty as she stood in the hallway, not even looking at the girl who she despised.

"I'll get that girl one day! I'll make her regret that she ever humiliated me!"

Kara heard the door to the classroom open and then close behind her it most mean. That Lily was now outside in the hallway with her. "It's this way" Kara said quietly not even bothering to face her she started off down the hall. As the bell rang which signaled that it was the end of the first period kids were starting to leave their classes and move about to getting. To their second period normally Kara had math this period but she was going to miss that now,

Since having her fight with Lily while walking down the crowded hallway Kara thought.

"This isn't what I needed right now I'm actually scared what will the headmaster do to us" Kara thought it was also known that the headmaster depending on the type of. Trouble the girls of his school got into handed out his own dead of punishments. Kara didn't know what to think at this point.

A few minutes later she reached the main office doors standing outside her eyes misted a bit."I'm scared" Kara thought as she then pushed open the doors and walked inside.

Lilly was scared. Never before, regardless of what she had done, was she ever sent to any form of punishment beside the odd occasional detention. She feared just what might happen to her, what manner of punishment was she going to get? She was shaking a little more with fear.

She heard the hated girl call out to her and walk down the corridor. Not wanting to seem weak in front of her enemy, she managed to get her fear under control momentarily and went off after her.

By now, the first lesson had ended and students were starting to file out of the classrooms.

"Great! Just great!" Lilly thought, she didn't need this right now. She hated crowds. She tried to make it look like she herself was just going to her next lesson to not make the other students believe otherwise.

Finally, she arrived at the Headmaster's office. All fear returned. She stood shaking a little ways off from where Kara was standing, back to her.

Kara had entered into the Headmaster's office. Which was in the shape of a small study. Books shelves lined the ways which were filled with many books. A single oak desk sat into the middle of the room. atop of the desk were pieces of paper and photos of his family. He was busy doing something when he noticed Kara enter followed by Lily soon after.

"Ah, yes Kara Raven claw and Lily Sera please stand in front of my desk I know why your here" he said in a professional tone. Kara walked slowly to the front of his desk the feeling of helplessness filled her she moved her lower body around in a squirming motion. Fearing what he was going to do to her. She reached his desk and stood before it the man behind the desk push back his chair and got to his feet. He was dressed in a pure black business suit and had cold blue eyes and sandy blond hair.

He was known to his students as Mr. Goldmen he was a man of few words he let his punishments speak for themselves. In what he picked out to do the girls He walked over to the wall and picked up a rather large bamboo stick he swung it forward twice,

"I don;t like it when people treat their elders badly" Mr. Goldmen told them he began to walk around the trio. "You girls are suppose to act lady-like your both for high ranking noble families and you act like spoiled children" Mr. Goldmen yelled as he slammed the bamboo stick on his desk he looked over at Kara then over at Lily. "Each of you will get ten lashes across your backsides for your little outburst in class today do I make myself clear" Mr. Goldmen said.

Kara nodded her head she had started crying at this point. "Now Lily I want you to take Kara hear and hold her arms tightly so she can't let go" he told her before thinking of what next to say. "You will hold Kara still as her skirt is lifted and her underwear is lowered so that I can make start with her punishment understood?" he asked.

Lilly was visibly shaking at this point, her heart was beating twice as fast as it normally was. She tentatively followed the Headmaster's orders and stepped towards his desk. She kept her head down and her eyes closed.

When the Headmaster slammed his stick down onto his desk, Lilly let out a small cry of fear. She was like a terrified deer looking into an approaching car's head lamps. She could feel the fear aggravating her bladder, causing her to need to urinate, regardless of the fact that she went toilet before coming to school.

"Yes Sir..." Lilly managed to croak out through her fear. All of her previous rage and confidence were shattered by the sound of the bamboo stick being slammed on the table. The sound, reverberating around the room, was similar to that of thunder, one thing that Lilly feared the most. She felt like bursting into tears until she heard that Kara was going to get punished first.

She complied with the Headmasters demands, a small smile appearing on her face. "As you wish, Headmaster." Her confidence had returned. She held Kara's arms firmly and whispered to her.

"I'm going to enjoy this."

Kara felt as Lily took hold of her arms firmly and held them tight in her grasp. She felt herself being pushed up against the desk she tried to fight free both Lily's grip was like iron. "Once I'm done you will get the same thing ok Lily" he pointed out as he reached down with both hands and started to push Kara's skirt up to her waist. Kara was crying opening in fear right now as she felt her skirt being tucked against her waist showing off her green and white striped panties. To both the Headmaster and Lily she then felt the cold room air touch her butt as her panties were lowered to about her knees.

"Now Kara I want you to count along with each hit do you understand. Kara said nothing "do you understand me Ms Ravenclaw" he snapped at her Kara nodded weakly she was crying louder now as she heard' Lily tell her she'd enjoy this. Ever so suddenly the Headmaster swung the bamboo cane right at Kara's butt it struck her right on her right cheek causing her to cry out in pain. "1" Kara sobbed out as she felt the next one strike her left cheek.

Kara tried to get herself free from Lily's grip again because being it felt like someone punching her really hard in the chest. Kara had said two at the point as she was starting to feel the effects on her bladder a third and a fourth blow landing on her buttocks. Causing her to cry out in pain a fifth blow landed and Kara forgot to say five.

"Shall I start over again since you forgot to keep counting" He yelled.

Kara sobbed louder as she felt him strike her again this time right over both cheeks. Sending a painful spam to her bladder causing a squirt of fresh urine to shot out of her and land. Right into the crotch area of her panties. "you forgot to say six this will cost you dearly Kara" he placed both hand on the cane. And swung it with such force that when it struck Kara it caused her to scream and sob in such pain.

That large squirt of fresh urine shot out of her urethra and land upon her panties on now the floor. "How disgusting a girl your age wetting herself for that you will get five more" He said. Striking her several more times each time was much stronger than the last. Her bladder contents were filling up quickly she feared the may have an accident right here on now. It was all due to how scared she felt along with the juice she had drank before school this morning/

Kara was so embarrassed and was crying so loud when the last blow had struck her. The contents of her bladder burst sending afresh stream of urine to flow out of her body and soak her panties and form a puddle upon the floor.

Kara didn't make a move to even pull up her panties at once the Headmaster was done with her. She just remained sobbing she her lower butt burned with pain and her peach could clearly be seen by both Lily and the Headmaster.

Shaking his head he smacked her with the cane one final time. Before stopping he told Lily to release Kara "Now, Kara you will stand by my desk and hold Lily's arms in the same grip as she held you" he said as Kara said nothing and nodded her head "You will also not even dare to touch or even rub your butt in anyway to help against the pain do I make my self clear" he told her.

"Yes, Headmaster"

"Yes Headmaster." Lilly said, back to her less confident self.

With each strike of the cane on Kara, Lilly's smile increased. She loved watching the one who got them both in this mess react to the pain of the strikes by crying like a baby. The next thing which Kara did after the sixth strike really made Lilly happy.

Upon the sixth strike, Lilly could see Kara's panties become wet with urine. After the next few strikes, it appeared that Kara had completely lost control over her bladder.

"Such a baby, a little pain shouldn't cause you to lose control. Show some dignity, drill girl!" Lilly taunted Kara.

The punishment finished and Kara was now crying a lot more.

"What a baby." Lilly stated matter-of-factly as she grinned at the state her enemy was now in.

She heard the Headmaster dismiss Kara from the punishment and hold Lilly's wrists the way she held hers. Lilly didn't want to go through with the punishment so she tried to think of something to prevent her from having to withstand such humiliation.

Kara was still crying as she knew what was to come next at this point she had managed to pull. Her wet soaked panties up feeling the wetness come into contact with her sore backside, Caused Kara to flinch in pain and start crying again. During the whole deal she heard Lily taunting her that caused her to look at the floor in shame. As she remembered what was said to her she walked over to Lily and grabbed her arms with both hands.

Digging her nails into her flesh rather hard she looked into Lily's eyes. Giving her a look of such evil and hate a small trace of magic flashed across her eyes. Kara then pulled Lily over to the Headmaster's desk and pushed her forward until she struck it. Still crying Kara pulled Lily's arms forward until they were both on the desk.

"Now, you'll know the pain and humiliation I felt I'm going to savor this moment" Kara whispered to Lily her words were like ice.

The Headmaster reached down and started to lift up Lily's skirt.

After a quick survey of the room, Lilly knew what she'd do. With no resistance, she let herself be dragged by Kara to the Headmaster's desk, this gave her a perfect view of what she needed. The small pain in her wrists, caused by Kara's digging nails, also gave her the means to act out her plan.

Kara spoke to her in a cold voice, attempting to taunt her and humiliate her, more ammunition. She took in the words with a smile on her face.

"Oh, really? You think so?" Lilly answered back quiet enough for only Kara to hear.

She felt her skirt lift up, the final pieces were all stepping into place. While the Headmaster was distracted, he wouldn't see what she was going to do. Lilly's blue star pattern panties were revealed to the world.

Perfect.

Her panties were slowly pulled down, Lilly changed her gaze to the curtains on the windows behind the desk. The Headmaster lifted up his cane, Lilly concentrated on the curtains, a small white fire burning in her eyes. The cane was raised higher, Lilly stayed looking at the curtains, concentrating on the fire in her eyes. Finally....

Smack!

The cane hit its target, Lilly let out a small cry of pain. From her eyes, a near invisible spark of fire shot out and hit the curtains igniting them instantly.

"It'll take a little while, maybe three hits more for the alarm to go off." Lilly thought as she counted out the first hit.

Kara was almost angry that Lily didn't seem to offer anything in a way of fighting her off. Like she had done earlier herself yet before she heard then as Lily spoke to only her return.

"Yes, I do to see you in such a taste will be sweet revenge to my eyes little ###" Kara said back.

As she moved her face closer to Lily's.

"But don't worry I'm sure that it will be painful" Kara dug her fingers further into Lily's arms hoping to draw blood,

She heard the first smack of stick against Lily's rear having pulled back to see it. A smile kept onto her face this was what she wanted to see her enemy between and humiliated before her. The Headmaster swung the stick a second and then a third time, Each hit was like music to Kara's ears when the Headmaster got ready for the fourth hit,

The curtains behind the desk suddenly ignited sending up a roaring small fire.

"What the hell" the Headmaster yelled out as she dropped the stick just after hitting Lily's bottom for a fourth time.

He ran over and to the alarm system at the front of his office and hit the button. A ringing sound suddenly started buzzing as the fire Lily had started quickly rushed up the curtains.

Kara who was enjoying what she was seeing before suddenly let go of Lily. After noticing the fire that was burning on the curtains.

"No, No!!!" Kara screamed.

The Headmaster grabbed both the girls arms and shoved them to the doors.

"Get out of here now" he yelled at them as she went back to reaching for a a fire extinguisher. He soon found one in a small closet and set it loose on the blaze in his office.

Lilly withstood the pain of each strike. She could now tell why Kara was crying when she was receiving this punishment, Lilly herself could barely hold back her tears. Each strike caused Lilly to let out more cries of pain, until the third strike. Upon the third strike hitting her, Lilly's opinion on this punishment changed.

Something strange filled her up, it was a warm feeling that started in the pit of her stomach, it soon spread out around her body and the pain seemed to disappear. The pain was being transformed into enjoyment. Lilly's cries of pain stopped and were replaced by barely audible moans of pleasure. She loved the last strike.

"How could she hate this? This is great!" Lilly thought as the final strike hit her. Her feeling of ecstasy was broken when she felt herself being pushed towards the main door.

She now remembered where she was. A smell of burning fabric filled the room and a wailing alarm could be heard. She looked towards the windows and found that the curtains were on fire. Only now did she remember what she did. The Headmaster shouted for Lilly and Kara to leave. Without a second thought, Lilly pulled up her panties and pushed her skirt back down and headed out of the door.

Her wrists were stinging a little so she looked down to find small nail marks in a half circle shape across her wrists, they were bleeding a little.

"How did I get these?" She thought, bemused by the marks on her wrists.

Kara had exited The Headmaster's office and was standing out in the hallway. Students and teachers were busy heading towards the emergency exits of the building. It was actual chaos inside their as people wondered what was going on and tried to regain some control. Over what was happening.

"I will not stand for this, I will not stand for this" Kara's mind screamed.

She had been enjoying seeing Lily's pain and suffering she even had pictured herself. As the one whom was spanking her but that fantasy was shattered once the curtains caught fire. Kara was shaking in pure rage right then she stood next to several windows lining the main hallway.

"I wanted her to suffer, I wanted hear more of her crying I wanted to hear her beg for it to stop" Kara screamed in pure anger a sudden flash of magic seemed to course through her body. Her eyes seemed to sparkle and flash for a brief moment when suddenly each of the windows next to Kara seemed to shatter.

Into pieces sending razors of glass flying into the hall as a small gale force went seemed to suddenly. Come out of no where some of the glass struck some of the girls and even teachers causing them to cry out in surprise and pain as. Small or large cuts opened up on them several others were suddenly sent flying into the walls or lockers that lined the hallway.

Bodies seemed to line the floor all around her as a moment later the magic that had been unleashed from Kara. Vanished with out a trace she looked around at the damage around her and simply walked right down the hallway with out bothering to even see if anyone was ok.

Lilly still stared at her wrists, not sure as to what had happened after she set the curtains alight. She looked up after a short while and saw students and teachers all running in panic towards the fire exits.

"I thought fire evacuation was meant to be an orderly process and not a mad gaggle of people all running for their lives." Lilly thought as she herself casually walked in the direction of the fire exits. However, her walk was disrupted by the random explosion of the windows. Lilly jumped in shock at this.

She focused and a firewall appeared around her, melting away any shards of glass that came towards her.

"What the...?" She felt the hum of magic in the air. "I knew it! There's another one like me here!"

The magic faded as randomly as it had appeared. She looked around to see if she could find that girl, she couldn't. Where could she have gone? Most of the other people in the hallway were unconscious.

"I'll find you, mark my words!" Lilly then proceeded to do a thought check over the hallway, stretching to around 30 feet in the surrounding area. She'll find her one way or the other, she still had a score to settle.

Kara seemed to keep on walking down the hall ignoring those people who were now starting to. Get things under control as the teachers and students were starting to head outside in a orderly line, Yet just as she reached a junction in the hallway she felt that faint hint of magic in the air once again.

"Just, like before but where?" Kara thought.

She looked around but saw only other students and teachers she didn't feel a trace of where the magic had come from. As the hallway where she stood started to clear up Kara remained where she was standing under she was completely alone.

"I know their here I will find them!" Kara yelled.

The very air around her seemed to suddenly blow around her forming a mini tornado that covered her body. As just as the tornado of wind appeared it died down for a change had come over Kara. She wears a pitch black undershirt covered by a long sleeved shirt with blood red linings, which stops about waist length. A short pleated black skirt that is made of silk and has blood red linings. It reaches to about mid-thigh two plated wrist guards, reaching to about half her forearms. Black fingerless gloves cover her hands, and the set is finished with black shoes with red gems. A tiara upon her forehead, golden in color with a blood red ruby in its very center. Hanging down on strings all across the tiara was what looked like a bunch of beautiful, powerful looking gems. But other then this, something apparently dark was about this particular girl.

The wind form before didn't have the same effect like what had shattered the windows. Near The Headmasters office in fact everything in the hallway remained unharmed.

"I know your here, show yourself!: Kara snapped.

A single razor of wind shot out from around her body in the form of a small crescent blade that seemed to strike the ceiling cutting into it for five feet sending glass and debris raining down into the hallway.

The thought check yielded no results, she must have been out of range. "Damn it!"

Lilly walked down the windswept hallway, stepping around the unconscious bodies on the floor, believing that some will notice this and call the emergency services. Her footsteps made no sound on the concrete floor, it was almost like she was walking on cushions of air. A small fiery glow appeared around each of her footfalls. The atmosphere was peaceful, until a loud crumbling sound could be heard from an off shoot hallway.

"It has got to be the other magician!" Lilly thought as she stopped still. She closed her eyes and focused on the flow of magic in her body. White fire consumed her.

The fire died down in sections, revealing an alteration in Lilly.

On her head rested a pair of white cat ears which seemed to have been formed from Lilly's own bangs. The small sleeping cat hairpin she was wearing wasn't there any more. The intensity of the flames died down a little more, uncovering a white half blazer with red buttons and a flame pattern on its short sleeves, Lilly now appeared to be wearing white spaulders embellished with red thread forming the shapes of various rune symbols. The half blazer ended just above Lilly's stomach. Underneath it, Lilly was wearing a pure white leotard with more flame patterns and rune symbols on, over the bottom of the leotard rested a near translucent white mini-skirt edged with red thread.

Just above Lilly's rear, a white cat tail seemed to be waving around in the thermal currents created by the flames. On the top half of each arm pure white armbands in the shapes of flames rested, the tips of the flames pointing towards Lilly's shoulders. Her hands were covered by pure white fingerless gloves with flames on, they seemed to emanate their own heat. On her feet she now wore white socks and ankle high white boots. Her boots had white flame spurs on the backs of them and the soles seemed to burn with white fire. Lilly's transformation was now complete and the fire died down to cinders.

Lilly sprinted in the direction of the noise, no sound could be heard from her steps.

She made her way down the corridor another razor blade of wind shot out followed by another.She blade of went seemed to slice up either the floor or the walls sending more debris. Falling to the floor Kara seemed to float up several inches above the floor a pair of leathery black wings upon her back told enough that she was far from what she seems. They seemed to have appeared moments after the second blade of wind was created. With a small flap of her wings Kara flew down the hallway.

"I know your here!" Kara yelled out,

Kara looked down to her right hand suddenly in a form of white magical energy her weapon appeared. Zephyr was given to Kara as a gift from his mother and father. The blade is made up of various white emeralds and green crystals; a white aura is usually around the blade. Along the center of the blade is small animal like cravings. The metal blade is extremely sharp on both sides. Along the edges of the blade there is a slight tint of black ruby. Zephyr is extremely light and easily maneuverable. It has a jeweled hilt, with a ruby on one side, and a quartz on the other. It has a gem carved on each side of the blade... The blade seems to be white, but some attacks can make the blade of this weapon turn into a prism color The hilt of the blade, like most others, is made out of some type of white crystal, but it has some type of emblem in the middle of the hilt; this emblem looks somewhat like an angel.

"Moon Fang" Kara called out as she fired off a concentrated blast of wind from the tip of the blade in the shape of a crescent moon. The much larger blaze of wind tore down the hallway until it slammed into a wall.

More crashing and crumbling could be heard as Lilly made her way towards the origin of the noises. She flicked both of her wrists down and small daggers appeared in each of her hands. The daggers were slightly curved in shape and they had a white fire surrounding them, the hilts were pure white and the pommel was in the shape of a flame.

Debris from the destruction shot along the hallway, Lilly jumped onto the wall to her left and seemed to be running along the wall, this allowed her to avoid the first wave of rocks and glass. She jumped back down and continued her sprint. A large piece of rock shot towards her from the same direction, this was too big to avoid so Lilly stood her ground, slowing down her movements until the rock was just within jumping distance. Her blades glowed and she dived towards the rock, white flames surrounded her body. She sliced the rock in half and landed on the over side of it.

"She certainly is loud." Lilly thought as she heard the shouts from the mysterious intruder a little ways up the corridor.

A huge crescent shaped gust of wind tore down the corridor a little later, it was impossible to avoid and impossible to cut through, Lilly concluded. Instead, she continued her sprint and as soon as she thought she could make the distance, she blinked out of sight, turning invisible with a wave of white fire. She appeared a little ways behind it and continued her sprint. Her quarry was just a little further ahead of her, she could see her silhouette.

Kara had now landed gently upon the ground she was busy watching the effect her latest attack. She started forward again down the path she was traveling until she reached. The area where her attack had torn through the wall yet as she was looking she again felt it the same magic. Again but this time it seemed stronger than before and was close by yet Kara wasn't sure of where it was coming from she turned around in a slow circle trying.

To find out where the magic was coming from but down one was there. Kara started forward again and thought about another attack to use but stopped.

"To scared to show yourself?" Kara called out.

She waited for a for some kind of reply but didn't hear anything. Yet she didn't know that Lily was coming up behind her as she started down the corridor once again.

Lilly saw movement up ahead. "Found you!" She quickened her pace, still soundlessly moving. She jumped onto the wall again and wall hiked her way towards the retreating figure. When she was within jumping distance, she heard the figure speak. Too scared to show herself? What joke did she mean with that?

Lilly dived off the wall and blinked away on white flames again, she reappeared just behind the figure a little ways in the air.

"What a joke!" She shouted out in response as she proceeded to do a downward slash with both her daggers onto the figure beneath her.

Kara was still walking down the hallway not knowing that Lily had suddenly appeared behind her. She heard shouted out "What a joke!" right as two daggers slashed down into her both her wings. Kara suddenly screamed out in pain having been taken completely by surprise she felt the daggers cut into her drawing blood staggering forward Kara turned around little drop lips of red blood fell to the floor forming tiny red pools.from where Lily's attack had struck her.

"Finally you show yourself! she shouted in return.

A strong gust of wind ripped down the corridor as Kara rose into the air the wind blew stronger and stronger blowing at her skirt revealing a pair of red and black frilly panties underneath her skirt. As the wind grew stronger Kara's movements seemed to move faster. It seemed that she was riding the wind currents making it now harder for Lily to see her Kara would appear in one place then the other.

Not staying in one place for to long she closed the distance between them and rose her blade into the air. Before appearing to Lily's right side slicing her blade downwards right at her side and arm.

Lilly grew a little complacent with the first strike being hers. She watched as the winged girl in front of her staggered a little after being struck.

The girl shouted something in reply before disappearing into practical nothingness.

"Coward! Quit running around!" Lilly shouted as she saw the girl randomly appear and disappear at sporadic intervals. Lilly took this momentary running as a chance to change her weapon. The daggers disappeared into white fire, the flames then took on the shape of a shortbow. The shaft of the bow was white with a red line down the middle and it had small fires burning at each end. She pulled the string back and an arrow of pure fire appeared as the string gained more resistance. She was about to fire the arrow when she saw her target disappear again.

"Time for some lucky shots." She thought as she fired the arrow to where she thought the girl would materialize, it hit nothing but stone. She felt a strong wind appear to her right side she quickly turned to find her attacker slashing down at Lilly's arms. She quickly dived out of the way, but the blow still managed to land, scraping her arm and causing Lilly to let out a stifled cry. Blood started to trickle out of the wound. Biting back the pain, she aimed another arrow at her attacker.

"Stay in one place, damn you!" She shouted as she let the arrow fly towards its target.

Kara still moved back and forth not giving Lily a chance to form any sort of counterattack. She laughed with pure joy as she felt her blade bite into Lily's arm. "let me hear more of your sweet voice" She reappeared in front of Lily but backed off a few feet she brought her up her sword and gave the tip a lick tasting Lily's sweet blood. She saw as her weapons changed to form into a bow Kara again did the same moments as before.

She got within range again of Lily but as the last second just as she was about to blur again she felt an arrow bite into her left side. Snarling in pain as a show quickly pulled the arrow from her chest. Kara decided to try something different the air around her grew stronger again. As Kara's image seemed to blur again and vanish only to reappear back about five feet away she was holding her blade pointed at Lily. "Blade Wind" Zephyr started to glow white with magic.

Yet the image before Lily wasn't the real form of Kara it was more of a reflection of her for the real Kara was behind Lily doing the same thing. She was trying to trick Lily into attack the one in front of her and not knowing Kara was behind her. She brought her blade down shooting off a blade of wind at her.

Seeing her target so close, Lilly decided to ditch the idea of trying to shoot an arrow. Instead, she decided to use some magic.

The air around Lilly was increasing in temperature and the ground beneath her seemed to bubble like magma. The bubbling grew more fierce until the ground was practically at boiling point.

"Inferno!" Lilly shouted out the the ground beneath her turned into a pillar of white flames that covered Lilly, making her invisible to her attacker. She didn't use the move as an attack, she used it as a distraction. using the flames she was coated in, Lilly quickly dived to the side of her attack and changed her bow into a double sided sword, it looked like both her dagger had been merged together, and struck at her.

"No more tricks!" She angrily stated as she slashed.

It seemed that the attack that Kara had cast upon her was quickly. Blocked with a roaring pillar of flame that suddenly. Appeared around her body blocking Kara from seeing her. Kara caught sight of Lily again her weapons changed forms again into that of a double bladed sword.

"Your one to talk" Kara snapped.

She saw the blade move towards her and smiled for she knew what to do "Vanish" Kara called out. For Lily's sword seemed to strike Kara but instead of causes the object to be absorbed into the Kara's body so that it may be neither seen nor represent an obstacle for beings who may want to pass through it.

Which in fact it did the blade passed through Kara leaving her unharmed. As she thrust her blade forward at Lily's right thigh.

Lilly gasped in shock as her blade seemed to pass through the girl without even leaving as much as a scratch on her. she then saw her thrust her sword towards Lilly's thigh, the blow struck home. Lilly cried out in pain as it burned through her leg.

She noticed that she was pinned down now as the blade sliced cleanly through her leg, thinking up on the moment, Lilly knew what she'd do next. She placed her free hand onto the blade's hilt and called out,

"Explode!"

A ball of fire detonated in Lilly's hand, shattering the blade's segment in her leg and cauterizing her wound. She stood up now, staggered a little and prepared to strike again.

The part of Kara's blade that was still stuck within Lily's leg seemed to explode and shatter. Sending a piece flying cutting deeply into her shoulder. Staggering backwards Kara dropped her sword letting it fall to the ground she cried out in pain. Bringing her hand to her shoulder she saw fresh blood running upon her fingers.

"We, end this here and now" Kara screamed.

Jumping backwards several feet Kara started to call forth her strongest magic spell. She started moving her hands around rapidly and started creating a mini tornado between the palms of her hands the force of the wind was growing stronger and stronger. "Flap your wings Fafnir" A giant tornado in the shape of a dragon shot out of Kara's hands and headed right towards Lily.

Lilly was about to strike while the girl was dazed from the explosion but as soon as she made the motion, the girl dived back and shouted that this was going to be brought to an end.

"Had enough already, weakling? I've barely broke a sweat!" Lilly taunted. All her confidence was shattered when she saw a giant wind dragon head towards her.

She quickly called up a wall of white fire, this should muffle the blow and give her a chance to fight back. There was no escape from this. She could feel the wind tear away at her as it passed though the firewall. Once the wind had finished, Lilly could barely stand, she was covered in cuts and grazes from the tornado dragon. She had just enough strength in her for one final attack.

"I refuse to lose!"

"Guardian of the plane of fire. answer the call of the flame. Burn those who will defile our glow. Come forth, Ifrit!" Lilly called out as a huge pillar of white flame appeared before her. Once the flames died down, a huge molten demon appeared in front of her. The demon created a enormous ball of fire in its hands and then hurled it at the girl.

"If I'm going down, you're coming with me!" Lilly shouted to the girl.

Lowering her hands slowly Kara was breathing hard that last attack had drained. Her lot of her magic she smiled as she saw the results her attack had on Lily."Had enough yet?" Kara asked mockingly but her tone of voice changed as she saw Lily was still standing on her feet.

"Why won't you fall!"

She gasped as she saw Lily summon forth a giant flame demon that appeared before her. Only for the demon to send it at her by having it release a large ball of fire at her. Kara only watched as it drew nearer to her not having enough time Kara had one last option left. With her remaining power started on her last spell "Bone Gale" Kara gathers the wind between her hands then shoots two tornados at her target that passed on either side of the ball of flame.shooting for Lily.

"You will fall!"

Was Kara's last words as the ball of flame slammed into her causing her to let out a god-awful scream of pain as she felt the very flames cover her body burning her fair skin and wings. Still screaming Kara was knocked off her feet and thrown into a wall. With bone breaking force she felt two of her ribs break upon impact. As she coughed up blood and was still screaming as the flames washed over her burning away parts of her skin and wings.

Pleased with her result, Lilly let the tornadoes consume her. Stalemates were better than Checkmates, at least. The pain of the tornadoes was intense, it ripped apart her outfit and cut deeply into her skin, leaving her with many wounds. She hadn't the strength left to scream, as soon as the tornadoes finished their razing, Lilly fell to the ground.

She slipped into the inky blackness which swept over her eyes...

"Finally, a worthy opponent..." Lilly's last thoughts rang as her mind went blank.

Kara still had a tiny bit of magic left not knowing weather her foe would attack one last time. Kara cast her spell she suddenly disappeared in a flash of white light. Appearing on top of the school she had returned to normal with the outfit she had been wearing before her fight began. Coughing up blood Kara leaned against the wall.

"Finally someone to bring out the best in me" Kara thought.

As blackness creeped into her vision and she passed out.

When Lilly awoke, she was in some sort of moving vehicle. Through the hazy blackness she could just barely see a figure standing over a table of some sort, looking for something. She looked at her body, she was lying on a bed with several tubes sticking into her arms and a large mask of sorts over her mouth.

The mask, as far as she could see, attached to a canister of some sort. She concluded this to be an oxygen tank. The tubes in her arms attached to a drip. She finally had a rough idea where she was. She was in the back of an Ambulance. Her whole body ached and her head with heavy, she would have sat up if she didn't fear that she'll fall over again. Thinking of nothing else, she lay on the bed and closed her eyes again. She was in no state to answer questions, should the paramedic wish to ask any.

When Kara awoke, she was in a similar moving vehicle like Lily but was a not in the sameone. She could only see blurs of people around her and hear muffled voices from the people talking around her.she didn't bother to move and lay there as her own oxygen mask was placed over her own mouth.helping her to breath easier.

Blackness seemed to creep up on her again as it filled the corners of her eyes. "I'll find her again and make her pay" Kara thought as a coughing fit suddenly happened she spit up fresh blood before passing out once again.

Through her self-decided blackness, Lilly felt herself being moved off the Ambulance and rushed into the Hospital, she heard many voices all calling out at once for many different reasons. She didn't bother to try and decode what each person was saying. Her head felt like it had been through a wringer. She stayed laying on her stretcher.

"I wouldn't mind to fight her again and finish what I started." Lilly thought through the pain in her head.

A slight twinge could be felt in Lilly's bladder, signally a need for a toilet.

"Why here?! Of all the places WHY HERE?!"

*002*2014-02-06 05:12

Thank, glad you enjoyed it,

