A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*013*2014-07-16 17:24

Here's the next chapter of the story.

Chapter 11: The Search

"Just make sure they're sweet and tasty." Lilly answered. "It'll be like a little private picnic but with less food."

Looking at the time, the trio only had around 10 minutes before dinner.

"We'd better hurry. We've only got 10 minutes after all." Holly informed the group.

"Then let's do it!" Haley said as she started to strip down her bed. "It won't take that long with the four of us."

"So, when ere with you we can do whatever we wish?" Kara asked. As she started to help Haley strip down her bed.

"Is there anything I can do as I wait for you guys to finish dinner?" Kara also asked.

"Within reason, yes." Lilly answered. "We can't do everything everything but we can do quite a lot of things."

Haley's bed was stripped and the mattress protector was removed. The group then carried it over to the guest bed and started to strip that down as well.

"Maybe you could tidy the twins wardrobe, if you want to that is?" Lilly suggested. "Holly's side is really organised but Haley's is the exact opposite. I'd do it but I've never had the time and, no matter how many times I've told her, Haley just doesn't listen. The Maids aren't allowed in our wardrobes so we've gotta keep them clean by ourselves."

"Well, what ever we do I', sure it will be fun" Kara mentioned. As they started to strip down her bed and put the mattress protector upon it.

"I'm sure, come either later tonight or tomorrow it'll just be messed up again" Kara replied. She then looked over at Haley "so why don;t you listen and keep your side tidy?" Kara asked her. Wishing the girl's would leave so she could go search through Lilly's room.

"Why tidy it up if it's only going to get messy again?" Haley answered Kara's question with one of her own.

"In truth, she's just too lazy to do it." Holly properly answered Kara.

Once the bed had the protector on it and was fully made again, the trio went towards the door to the room.

"We've gotta go now. If you want something later, just press the buzzer by the door and a Maid will answer. Don't worry, they won't tell Mother about your lodgings." Lilly explained to Kara. She indicated a small buzzer by the side of the door handle. The buzzer itself was around stomach height for Lilly, which was around head height for the twins. After the explanation, they went downstairs for dinner and left Kara alone in the twins' room.

"Well, you do have a point but it is also nice to tidy stuff up so it's easier to find stuff" Kara told her. Before she looked over at Holly and heard what was said to her.

Her gaze went over to Lilly, She listened and nodded as Lilly had told her what to do. If she had wanted some food later. They all soon left leaving her alone in the twins room. Not knowing just how long she'd be alone she sat upon the bed for a couple of minutes. Before getting up and walking to the door. She opened it and looked outside to see if anyone was there no one was.

Leaving the twins room Kara made her way to Lilly's room. Which after a few moments she came to and walked inside. The first thing Kara did was make a beeline for Lilly's walk-in closet where she remembered Haley had told her something of Lilly had hidden there was. So once inside she started to search through Lilly's clothes.

As the trio went downstairs into the dining room, a cold feelings rushed down Lilly's spine. She shivered a little at this.

"Something wrong?" Holly asked Lilly.

"It's just that I've got a feeling I'm being violated somehow." Lilly answered.

What Kara found was clothes, clothes and more clothes. It was a wardrobe after all so what else would she find?

All Kara found was more clothes and clothes. She then remembered that Haley had told her that the interesting things Lilly had hidden were in the back of her closet. So, that's where she started to search, She spotted some shorts,skirts, shirts and other various clothes. Kara also saw a couple of other swim suits that Lilly owned.

Kara didn't know what she would find so she she decided to search the entire length of the back of Lilly's walk-in closet.

The trio arrived in the dining room and sat down for dinner. They'll be gone for around an hour and a half.

Most of Lilly's clothes were pretty normal and basic. Some had interesting designs on but, overall, they were unremarkable. The swimsuits, on the other hand, were more interesting. Kara could search through the whole collection if she wanted to as the others were gone for quite a length of time. At the back of the walk-in wardrobe, Kara could find an array of clothes which Lilly would be too embarrassed to show her if she searched. Where will she start her search?

The left hand side of the room where Lilly kept all her old clothes which still fit her. Kara could find some things here?

The middle of the room next to the changing cubicles inside Lilly's underwear drawers. Kara might find some interesting things here?

The right hand side of the room where Lilly kept all her swimwear. Not as revealing but Kara might be interested?

Kara was still busy searching through Lilly's clothes. The first place she decided to search was the middle of the room. Where she found after opening the drawers to be Lilly's underear drawers. She looked through these a tiny bit. Before she moved over to the left side of the room and started there hoping to maybe find something that Lilly liked to wear.

In the underwear drawers, Kara found just that. Underwear. Vests, panties and socks. Some panties had animal designs on like raccoons or turtles. Others had things like cat silhouettes and one pair even had a beagle sleeping on the roof of a dog house on. The vests normally matched the panties and so did the socks. The quick search yielded these designs: Animal Prints, Stripes, Polka dots, flowers, plain and some branded pairs as well.

At the left hand side of the room, Kara found Lilly's childish side. The old clothes were pretty much all types of clothing which were just rather small and childish. It appeared that Lilly could still fit into aged 8-9 clothes. She was a little on the short side after all. Even her sisters could fit into these clothes as well. They were more like hand-me-downs than new clothes. The common patterns on these clothes turned out to be cat themed with love hearts thrown in as well.

Kara didn't really find anything of interest in Lilly's underwear draw or through her own clothes. She decided to give up in defeat and headed back to thw twins room. She had closed Lilly's underwear drawers since she didn't move anything inside them then closed the doors to the walk-in closet and went back to her room for the night.

Once there she sat down on the bed.

Dinner was silent as always with only general conversation going on between Lilly and the twins. Their Mother appeared to be absent from the table as she said she'll eat in her study. Lilly didn't like what she thought might be going on. Retaliation, perhaps?

Marie had already sent her story to the tabloids with the heading: 'Ravenclaw head partakes in seedy relationship with Sera head. Drugs involved? Sera head shocked by actions of Ravenclaw 'sex bomb'.'

The story itself stated that Kale had drugged Marie into allowing him to partake in vile acts of carnal desires with her. Tabloids aren't going to check for drug traces. They only want the next lie on the streets to milk for a lot of money. She hoped that this will be a huge 'F You!' to the Ravenclaw family.

Kara went about sitting on the bed she felt bored. Part of her still wanted to search through Lilly's things but she decided against it. She laid down and thought over everything that had recently gone on this day for her. She had been cast out of her home and was now here. "I don't know anymore" Kara said to herself.

She just lay down on the bed.

After dinner, the group made their way back to the twins' room to rejoin Kara.

"We're back!" Haley announced as she ran into the room towards Kara. "Find anything you like?" She whispered to Kara.

"We've got a while before lights out so what should we do?" Lilly asked Kara.

Kara heard what Haley had said. "I didn't find anything" Kara whispered sadly to Haley. Before she looked over at Lilly.

"I'm not really sure, I'd ask for a tour of the house but I may be seen by someone" Kara replies.

"Search harder next time!" Haley quietly scolded Kara. "There's a whole side of Lilly you don't even know!"

"Yeah. We're pretty much stuck in this room then." Lilly sighed. "We could move over to my room if you want a change of atmosphere."

"Then you show me them" Kara quietly replied back.

"Sure why not I'd like to see it" Kara said.

"Where's the fun in that? Discovery is only great when it is done alone." Haley replied with a mischievous grin. "How about tonight, when they're both in bed, we go searching?"

"It's nothing special but I guess you might find it good." Lilly answered as she left the room. "You know where it is?" She asked as she went towards her own room. Holly followed on behind and motioned for Haley to do the same.

"Follow us, we'll get you there." Holly told Kara.

The group soon arrived at Lilly's room.

"I don;t know" Kara just replied at first as she looked at Haley, "We can do that but wouldn't Holly know something is up?" Kara asked.

"Yeah, I know where it is you showed me it earlier" Kara told her. She got up off the bed and took Haley's hand and started to walk after Holly.

"Holly's a heavy sleeper so she won't wake up easily." Haley told Kara as they arrived at Lilly's room.

"Here it is. My room. Make yourself at home but don't wreck anything." Lilly said to Kara when she entered. "My room's a little smaller than the twins' room but it's got more stuff in."

Lilly's room also had a large table in the middle of it like the twins' room except this one appeared to have a bowl of sweets in the middle of it. There were a variety of sweet treats in the bowl ranging from assorted liquorice to midget gems. A small fridge rested under a work desk.

"There's sweets on the table, don't eat them all, and drinks in the fridge." Lilly informed Kara.

Kara looked around Lilly's room as she entered into it. She spotted a small table with a bowl upon it followed by a small fridge near the work desk, "Nice place here" Kara said,

"I'm not really in the mood for sweets at the moment" Kara said as she took a seat on Lilly's soft bed.

"If you're not going to eat them then I will." Haley said as she took a huge handful of assorted sweets.

"Insatiable as always." Holly sighed as she took a Strawberry liquorice pencil.

"It's not much but it serves its purpose. I'd rather it had a lot more snazzy stuff in like a sauna or bubble pool but I think that;s asking too much. I've also got a en suite bathroom as well. It's the door on the right wall." Lilly continued. "There's not really that much to do in here, sadly."

"Don't eat to much as you don't want a stomach ache before bed" Kara told Haley. She then went and looked at Lilly.

"I'm sure you have done rather interesting things in their" Kara told Lilly with a wink.

"Sweets are different." Haley answered. "Sugar's digested quickly as we use it almost all the time."

"You can't come between Haley and sweets." Holly told Kara with a shake of her head.

Lilly blushed at Kara's comment to her.

"L-like what?" She asked. She knew she'd done some things in there but she'd rather not have Kara know. Her body language probably betrayed her words.

"I'm sure that's why your always hyper all the time?" Kara asked to Haley as she got up. Then went over and padded her upon the head. She looked over at Holly next "I guess you are right about that and all"

"Maybe peed in there like in the shower or bath maybe even pleasured yourself in there those types of things" Kara told Lilly.

"Me? Hyper? Really?" Haley asked Kara, not quite knowing what she meant.

"Haley's eaten so many sweets that the sugar doesn't affect her any more." Holly informed Kara. "Me, on the other hand, if I eat too many sweets, I can't sleep."

Lilly's blush intensified at Kara's remark.

"Y-yeah. Doesn't everyone pee in the shower sometimes?" Lilly answered. She refused to comment on the last half of Kara's question.

"Yeah, that's what I mean" Kara replied to Haley as she then turned back to Holly. And listened to just what was said. "I'm not one for seeing that sweetie" Kara added.

She looked back at Lilly who was blushing deeper.

"Yeah, we all do I wonder though did you ever think of me when you did it or took the shower head between your legs?" Kara asked.

Lilly refused to reply to Kara now. Instead, she just let out a quite whine and looked down at the floor. She had taken the shower head between her legs before but she'd never done it thinking of Kara. She wondered just how it would feel. Would it make her climax easier? Would she climax more or less?

"Lilly's an open book if you ask the right questions." Holly sighed as she finally realised what Kara was trying to do.

Kara clearly enjoyed Lilly's whine she looked at her and only smiled. "I get it you did do that" Kara said happily she then thought of what else to ask of Lilly. "What about wearing your favourite set of panties and wetting them in the shower?" Kara asked.

She then looked back at Holly. "I get that yet would you rather me ask you these questions?" Kara asked.

"I'd never wet myself on purpose! Just what are you insinuating?!" Lilly shot back to Kara. "You may like seeing people peeing but it's not everyone's cup of tea, you know?"

"Nope." Holly rapidly answered. "Questions to me are forbidden by proxy."

Kara was clearly surpirsed by Lilly's outburst. "Just forget about sorry" Kara replied. She ignored the last part of what Lilly had said to her.

"Fine then I won't say anymore it's getting late I'm going to sleep" Kara told them all. She got up and walked out of the room and headed back to the twins room.

"Guess you don't wanna bathe with us before bed then?" Haley shouted after Kara.

"She's in a strop because she couldn't see Lilly wet herself." Holly assumed.

"I hate being questioned." Lilly angrily said to herself.

Lilly started to undress to get ready for her bath. Once she was naked, she went into her en-suite and took a towel to wrap around herself so she can easily go for her bath.

"You two best do the same while Kara's here." Lilly told her sisters. "I'm not sure what she'll do if she sees you naked while walking around the house."

Kara heard what Haley had said but didn't say anything in return. She just walked to their room and like the bet wanted started to undress herself. Until she was naked and then climbed into bed she pulled the covers over herself and looked up at the ceciling of the twins room. She laid there for a short time.

Kara closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep.

The trio went to take their evening bath and soon finished up. The time was now going on for ten to eleven. The twins were up a whole after after their bedtime but Lilly excused this as today had been a little hectic. She bid her sisters goodnight and went into her own room to sleep.

The twins, in their room, knew they had bets to stick by. Haley wasn't too bothered about sleeping naked but Holly was a little more reluctant. She knew she had to abide by the bet but she wasn't too keen on it at all. They agreed to have Haley sleep closest to Kara and for Holly to sleep next to Haley away from Kara. She didn't trust her after the weird bets from earlier. Once they were both naked and waiting, Haley dived into bed first and snuggled up next to the supposedly sleeping Kara. Holly climbed in a little while after and snuggled close to Haley. It'd been a long while since she'd slept in the same bed with anyone and Holly liked the feel of another person next to her.

Kara had finally fallen asleep just a short while before the twins had returned. Then climbed into bed with her she was awoken when she felt Haley dive onto the bed. She opened her eyes and blushed at seeing both girl's naked forms. Yet she would have liked Holly next to her instead but as Haley snuggled up to her Kara put her hands around her and pulled her closer in a sort of cuddle.

"Thank you" Kara whispered to Haley and she held onto her small body.

"So you are awake." Haley smiled back. "I've not slept with another person in bed with me since I was three years old. Before that, I slept with Holly. I like sleeping with another person. It surely beats hugging toys all night."

"I'm not liking how close we are to one another." Holly quietly said. "If Haley does have a night-time accident then we'll all get soaked."

"It's kinda cold anyway so it'll at least warm us up for a short while." Haley replied casually.

"You woke me up" Kara replied with a smile. She pulled Haley a little tighter against her. "Then we should do this more often" Kara added she then heard Holly speak up,

"Then go sleep in your own bed as I cancel the bet with you though Haley is welcome here" Kara told Holly.

"Holly sometimes your a spoil sport"

"I'll pee all over you if we did." Haley answered with a frown.

"I may not like it but I'm bound by the bet now." Holly told Kara. "I can't just back out of it now that I'm naked and already in bed with you. Plus, I've gotta make up for my earlier antics in the game. I didn't want to have to pee myself for your pleasure so I bent the rules a little."

"You'd be wearing protection but it doesn't matter" Kara replied.

She listened to what else Holly had to say.

"I told you the bet was void and you didn't have to do this" Kara replied. She then got out of bed herself. "Fine you can sleep with Haley I'm sick of your attitude as of late" Kara told her. She got dressed again. Then walked over to one of the windows and opened it. Letting the wind touch her face she jumped outside and flew away.

"Meh, so much for wanting to sleep with us." Holly shrugged. "Shall we just give up and go to our own beds?"

"I would but my protector's on this bed." Haley answered. "Plus, I can't be asked to get up."

"If you say so."

Holly nudged Haley a little further into the bed and placed an arm around her.

"Let's sleep together since we haven't done it in years." Holly suggested.

"Fine by me." Haley replied as she turned towards Holly and hugged her as well.

Kara truly was sick of Holly's attitude as of late she was always whining or complaining about how she acted. That it was driving her crazy so as she flew through the air she needed to find a place to stay for the night. Looking fown at the city below Kara spotted a roof top not far from where she was.

Flying down to it she landed upon it and walked over to the heating ducks. Laid down and tried to get some sleep.

Considering the silence in the room and the shared heat of each girl's bodies, Holly and Haley fell asleep in no time. While they slept, their left hands joined as the snuggled close to one another. It truly was a heart-warming sight to see the two girls so close to one another.

In Lilly's room, Lilly was busy doing something rather unusual. She appeared to be curled up into a ball and quietly panting and moaning to herself. The covers over her seemed to be moving as well in patterns which did not match her body's movements one bit.

Kara was shivering in the cold as she wrapped both arms around herself to try and stay warm. The warmth of the heating duck helped some but it wasn't enough. She could always return to the twins room but she was sick of Holly and her whining nature.

The twins were sleeping soundly, oblivious to what their half sister was doing in the room next to theirs.

Lilly's moans increased in intensity and volume as she continued doing what she was doing. She was still relatively quite but she could be heard in absolute silence. Her right hand appeared to be under the covers and her left was on her chest. Correction, it was under her nightwear and on her chest. Her nightshirt was moving a little as well. All of a sudden, Lilly's movements appeared to stop and he curled up even further into a ball. Her body was shaking and with one convulsion, she let out a loud moan of sheer pleasure. She then lay on her bed panting really fast. Her movements had stopped and a small wet patch could be seen on the covers near her crotch.

Kara woke up a few minutes later she couldn't sleep. As she was feelig very cold getting up she flew back to the Sera home and flew through the open window of the twins room. Taking off her clothes and closing the window. She walked past the sleeping girls and left them alone she didn't want to be near Holly at the moment so headed towards Lilly's room. Making sure not to make any noise the quietly opened the door and walked inside.

Once inside she tip-toed to Lilly's bed it seemed the Lilly was breathing heavily for a reason which Kara didn't know about. Being extra careful not to wake Lilly up she slowly crawled into her bed and lay next to her and tired to fall asleep.

Holly appeared to stir a little as Kara crossed through the room but she still remained asleep.

Due to the exhaustion from her climax, Lilly fell asleep quite quickly. She was still breathing a little heavily but it soon slowed down. As soon as Kara got into the bed, Lilly turned over and her left arm rested on Kara's chest. Her right hand was still under the covers.

Before Kara fell asleep she felt Lilly's hand fall upon her chest. She blushed at this and felt the warmth of Lilly's arm. "I wish you would just tell me your feelings" Kara thought. As she closed her eyes and fell asleep.

The night went along relatively peacefully and the twins were the first to wake up. Surprisingly, the bed was a lot wetter than it should be and there appeared to be two large wet patches on the protector.

"Chain reaction." Haley shrugged. "I peed and then you peed."

"We're not sleeping together again until you've got yourself sorted out." Holly angrily told Haley.

Lilly was still fast asleep and wasn't likely to wake up until someone got her up.

Kara was still asleep as had rolled onto her side in her sleep and seemed to be cuddling with Lilly. She was the first to wake up when she felt a small wetness near her legs. Upon the sheets not knowing what it was Kara crawled out of bed slowly. Then pulled back the covers just enough she saw a faint wetness upon the sheets and Lilly's nightgown.

"What's up with that?" Kara thought as she covered Lilly back up and left her room and headed towards the twins room.

"Let's get cleaned up." Holly told Haley.

"Wait a second." Haley replied. She pulled back the top sheets of the bed and sat there for a little while. Soon, she appeared to be relieving herself on her sodden bed.

"What're you doing?!" Holly asked in surprise.

"Couldn't hold it any more."

Kara arrived in the twins room moments later. She looked at them and listened as they talked "having fun are we?" she asked Haley she seemed to be ignoring Holly for the time being. She went over and started to dress herself in her school uniform for the day and remembered to leave herself bare below.

Holly could tell that Kara was ignoring her so she gave as good as she got.

"Didn't wanna get the floor wet. I knew that if I moved I'd leak." Haley answered. Once she had finished, she went into the bathroom and took her shower with Holly. Around 10 minutes later, they returned into their room and got dressed. Haley didn't care that she wasn't going to wear any underwear today. She was actually quite happy.

"We'd better go an wake Lilly up." Holly told Haley.

The pair left the room and headed over to Lilly's room.

"Should have used Holly's bed instead" Kara replied. "But I guess it's to late" Kara added as she waited for the pair.

Soon they returned and Kara followed behind them to Lilly's room.

"That's mean." Haley answered. "Holly wouldn't like it."

When they reached Lilly's room, Holly went inside first. She shook Lilly awake and kissed her on the forehead.

"Time to get up. We've got school." Holly told Lilly, who appeared to be waking up.

"Sleepy..." Lilly mumbled. She sat up and moved around a bit when she felt the wetness on the covers under her. She then looked down and, through her sleep haze, saw her right hand inside her panties right in front of Holly.

"Fun night?" Haley asked with a smile.

"Hmm" Kara replied as Haley's comment. Kara stood near the door of Lilly's room and watched as Holly woke her up.

"Seems that way" Kara added.

Over on the road of the Ravenclaw reisdence several news vans were racing up the road towards the main house. One of them pulled up to a stop and a pair of news casters got out of the van and set up for a live broadcast.

"This is Juni Amber and we are live at Ravenclaw manor where it appears that Kale Ravenclaw had drugged Marie Sera into sleeping with him we will try and get a word in with him" She replied. And walked up to the door and knocked on it. Several others arrived at the main doors and started banging on it.

Holly didn't know where to look. She didn't want to see this yet she couldn't look away for some reason.

Now that she was partially awake, Lilly now knew what had happened. She yelped in surprise and pulled her covers over her again.

"Knock first!" She quickly scolded Holly.

"We did. You were asleep." Haley cut in. "Had an itch?" She asked in response to Lilly's evasiveness over her hand in her panties.

"N-no!" Lilly quickly answered. "Out! Out!"

Haley took Holly by the arm and dragged the traumatised girl out of Lilly's room.

"Liitle bitch" Kara thought as she saw Holly looking at Lilly who was embarrassed about having her hand in her panties. She turned away and walked out of the room leaving Lilly alone.

Kale heard the pounding on his door and went to answer it. As he opened the door he was greeted by an on rushing horde of news reportors who started asking him loads of questions about if it was true about he drugging Marie to have sex with her. Kale was clearly confused by this then slowly started to picture this together.

"That fucking bitch!"

Once they were out, Lilly quickly pulled herself together. She knew that she'd 'had some fun' last night but she wasn't expecting Holly to wake her up.

"I've probably scarred her for life." Lilly groaned as she got out of her bed. She'd already removed her hand from her panties. Her hand was covered in the viscous fluid from her climax. She then felt the rest come out to soak her panties. Her hand had blocked the rest from coming and, now that it was removed, the blockage was gone.

Lilly quickly took off her sodden panties and went into her shower. She didn't bother to use the toilet as she'll go while she's showering. She couldn't be bothered with formality at the moment. After her shower and morning release, she cleaned herself up, dried herself off and got ready for breakfast. She put on her school uniform and was about to put on a pair of panties when she remembered last night's games. She groaned and left herself bare under her skirt.

Afterwards, she left her room and went down for breakfast.

Kara was waiting in the twins room since she didn't want to go down for breakfast since she would be seen.

The questions kept coming at Kale who was feeling totally betrayed she should have known. This was going to happen but fell right into Marie trap. He slammed the door in their faces and went to his office. His image would very soon be ruined along with his family name. He needed revenage and knew how to get it. He had several powerful friends within the city who he had been working with these past days to come up with a plan for Marie's downfall.

He dailed the phone and called one of them up. "Activate plan A" Kale told the person on the other end.

What Kale's plan for Marie was that she would be framed for taking bribes for several of the cities top business men and women. Along with taking in shipments of guns and ammo that Kale had stock piled in a truck in one of his warehouses. He was late on the draw but in a matter of time Marie's image would be ruinned.

"Breezy." Lilly shivered as she went down the stairs with the twins.

"You get used to it. The breeze becomes nice." Haley smiled back.

"I'm nice and warm." Holly taunted. She'd put on a pair of rainbow striped panties that morning. She quickly showed these to her sisters to taunt them.

"Bets are bets." Haley shrugged. "Could've been worse. At least I can pee when I want outside now and so can Lilly."

Lilly just blushed and ignored Haley's comment. They arrived in the dining room and ate their breakfast. Once they were done, they went back upstairs to the twin's room, where they hoped to find Kara, which they did.

"Mother's out on business so we can go now." Lilly told Kara.

"Breezy." Lilly shivered as she went down the stairs with the twins.

"You get used to it. The breeze becomes nice." Haley smiled back.

"I'm nice and warm." Holly taunted. She'd put on a pair of rainbow striped panties that morning. She quickly showed these to her sisters to taunt them.

"Bets are bets." Haley shrugged. "Could've been worse. At least I can pee when I want outside now and so can Lilly."

Lilly just blushed and ignored Haley's comment. They arrived in the dining room and ate their breakfast. Once they were done, they went back upstairs to the twin's room, where they hoped to find Kara, which they did.

"Mother's out on business so we can go now." Lilly told Kara.

Everyone arrived and she was told that their mother was out on business. Kara got up with them and joined them all she walked beside Haley. While still ignoring Holly she didn't say much to Lilly thought either.

"Ok" Kara spoke up.

Meanwhile Kale plan of revenge was going into effect it seemed that news vans and the police were all heading towards Sera Finance. They all pulled up in front of the large building. The cops started to seal off the area as the news reporters got out of their vans and ran towards the enterance.

"Quiet, aren't you?" Lilly asked Kara as they made their way towards the door. "Something happen last night?"

The group left the house and began walking to their school as they won't be getting a lift today.

"What lessons do we have today?" Lilly questioned Kara. "Do we have anything similar?"

"Ask Holly" Kara replied when Lilly asked that she was quiet for a reason. They all left the house and headed for their school.

"We have our normal lessons followed by a few other lessons together basically just more about elemental magic and it's history" Kara repiled.

With the cops blocking the road to Sera Finance several of them went inside the building. They headed to the top floor where Marie was located as they had a warrent out for her arrest. The news groups followed after them.

Lilly looked over at Holly.

"Nothing important. I just didn't sleep next to her last night and she's not too happy about it." Holly explained.

"I know I've got accounting first and I think I've got P.E after that." Lilly tried to recall her timetable.

Marie had just seen a recent broadcast relating to her framing and knew that Kale would make his move next. She wasn't, however, expecting him to do it so soon. She was a little surprised when the police came busting into her office.

"So, he makes his move. What's he accused me of?" Marie asked the officers calmly.

"That's because you were whining about it like a baby" Kara shot at her. She had finally decided to say something to Holly. "Ever since yesterday and those bets I've made you've been complaining about everything I do and I'm sick of it" Kara snapped.

"Marie Sera you are here by under arrest for taking bribes and engaging in illegal arms dealings" One of the police said. While two other went to Marie and grabbed both her arms and placed her in handcuffs.

"You know, I could get you done for sexual harassment with those kinds of things." Holly replied calmly. "I've always been told that peeing myself is bad so I always opt against it. I don't like it one bit."

"I'm not too keen on it either." Lilly admitted. "That's why I cheated last night. I just won't be able to bear seeing Holly like that."

"I believe you're forgetting something, officers." Marie answered. "Each computer in this network notes and copies each order we make into permanent documents. It's the basics of accounting to know what's happening with what. You're free to check through the logs of incoming and outgoing deals if you wish.

"So their she goes being a high and mighty bitch you so full of yourself" Kara explained. She left the group alone and walked off at a angry pace.

One of the officers walked over to the computer at her desk and started searching through the files. Sure enough their was several listings of momeny being added into several different accounts. Along with a recent shipment that arrived just last night. Containing all the guns and ammo.

"It's all right here on this computer"

"Leave her to it." Holly glared at Kara as she stormed off.

"She's kinda selfish isn't she?" Haley asked. She finally noticed that Kara was being way too spoilt.

"Loneliness does that." Lilly shrugged. "Let her cool down a little.

"Impossible!" Marie exclaimed. "He hacked the network and proxy?!"

It would appeared that Marie had underestimated Kale a little. She wanted to really ruin him now.

Kara walked alone in silence she hated Holly right now and had a feeling they all hated her back. Once school was over she'd find her own place to stay why stay with them anymore anyway.

Actually in truth Kale didn't hack the network or the proxy he instead had a inside man. Who worked under Marie who he bribed with a million dollars. He had him upload the shipment and bribes onto the computer network to make everything look nice and real.

"Look for yourself" The officer said and punched up the file for Marie to see.

"She'll be without a roof over her head later." Holly concluded. "Anyway, we should hurry up."

They arrived at the school and Lilly said she'd meet her sisters later in the quad. She then went off to her first lesson, which was accounting. It wasn't scheduled to start just yet but she had some reading she wanted to catch up on.

Marie looked over the files in shock. It was all true. She'd been set up pretty badly. With a last ditch, she had a plan.

"I didn't sign for any of these. We'd need the paper copies to find that out and I don't have any printed." Marie quickly said.

Kara was at school long before the others. She went to her first class which was history. She went on and sat down even though it wouldn't begin for a while. She got out her phone and texted Lilly.

Kara to Lilly: 'We need to talk'

"They are right here" another officer said. He walked over and placed a number of printed documents upon the desk all detailing the information on the shipment and bribes even printed down on the paper was Marie's signature.

Kale's inside man and some how gotten a copy of Marie's signature from another document and some how studied it in great detail and along with a little magic from Kale the mole signed Marie's name upon the papers perfectly.

Lilly was reading when her phone vibrated. She looked at it and saw that Kara had text her.

Lilly to Kara: 'When and where?'

Even the signatures were forged near perfectly. Near perfectly? That's it! Marie's own signature had a little more flair than the ones on the paper. The signatures on them were from archived documents. It was even obvious to a trained eye that the ink looked a little faded on them ever after they've only been printed.

"Run me under a lie detector if you wish. I never signed for any of these." Marie continued her argument. "We can even compare the signatures to some more recent documents."

Kara felt her phone vibrate and looked at the text on it.

Kara tp Lilly: 'Quad at break just you and me'

The signatures being forged prefectly or atleast near perfectly had been a result. Of Kale using magic upon it to make it look that way. The officers listened to what Marie had to say. "That will take time" One replied as they started to lead Marie out of her office.

Lilly got another text from Kara.

Lilly to Kara: 'A little problematic. The twins asked me the same thing. What lesson have you got next? Do you have P.E?'

"We've got a lot of time. I've still got to testify and answer to an Interrogation, haven't I?" Marie replied. "Law's a lengthy thing so we've got more than enough time to check through evidence."

Kara checked her text.

She then looked over what class she had next. She did indeed have P.E she must had forgotten about mentioning it that morning. Since she was in a bad mood.

Kara to Lilly: 'Yes I do'

"The will happen downtown" A officer spoke as this was getting them no where. Kale had oginally wanted Marie killed but after the failed attempt on the bridge he needed to change things. "We will see what we can do in the mean time your coming with us"

Lilly to Kara: 'We'll talk in the changing rooms or the lesson then. It's up to you.'

"I've no objections as long as I'm given a fair trial and we go through all the legal jargon." Marie finished as she was being escorted to the police cars.

Kara to Lilly: 'The changing rooms are fine'

That was the last message she sent to Lilly as it was nearing time for her lesson to begin. She walked to her lesson and took a seat at her spot in the back of the room.

The lesson had began so Lilly decided not to look at her phone. She needed to pay attention in accounting otherwise her Mother would probably disown her. The twins are also stuck to having to listen to Mathematics lectures without falling asleep or skipping out on classes. Either way, accounting was a big thing for the Sera family.

Accounting, like other advanced Mathematics classes, were normally saved for year 9 students who'd been taking their options but Lilly had been forced into this class by her Mother ages ago so she's always done accounting alongside Mathematics lesson ever since she started senior school.

With the lesson finally beginning it was just like any other. Kara really enjoyed it at times but today was another matter her mind was set on things that mainly had to do with the way Holly had been asking. As of late which she could dismiss that easily. She watched as the teacher started to talk about just what the lesson would be about today.

Lilly was passable at accounting but she didn't really care. Money was no object she liked. She listened to the lessons and solved the problems she was given but she did it mechanically. Once the lesson was over, Lilly packed away her things and went along to her locker to pick up her P.E kit. She wondered if her old kit would fit with the new uniform standards of the school.

History passed rather quickly size this morning she had zoned out during it. Once the lesson was over she put her things away and walked. To her locker and got her P.E kit. Once that was done she walked to the changing rooms and started to get changed. It appeared that everyone one else was using their old kits at the moment since. The school was still deciding on what to do about a new current look.

After collection her kit, Lilly went towards the changing rooms. She stopped by a toilet en-route just to take precautions. She wasn't wearing any panties so the coldness in the lessons might get to her. The sports hall was cold and so was the Spring day outside. She blushed as she remembered that her old kit was a little small for her. She'd opted to buy more at the start of this school year but she'd never got around to it.

Inside the changing room, Lilly began to get changed. The kit she had was a pair of red bloomers and a white polo shirt with red borders. She put the shirt on first as it was a little too long in height to hide the fact that she was wearing no panties. She then quickly put her bloomers on without lifting her legs up too much to prevent any peaks at her flower. The bloomers hugged her lips tightly as they were a size too small. If a person looked closely, they may be able to see the outline of her vulva. She then quickly tucked her shirt in to hide it a little.

Kara had changed into her own kit. But feeling the need to pee she left the room and went to the bathroom. Before returning she looked around and spotted Lilly and went over to her. "I would like to say first that I'm sorry to you for any trouble that I have caused you. I would also like to say that I not liking the way Holly has been acting as of late ever since last night and the bets. I've made she's been complaining about everything I do more so the ususal" Kara told her.

Kara explained her reasons and Lilly listened.

"You've freaked her out, that's all." Lilly answered. "She's easily scared and you've done just that. She'll cool down in her own time but she'll still be wary. She hates wetting herself so she didn't like it when you said that, if you won the bet, you'd make her do it."

It appeared to be a mild misunderstanding after all. Holly's just scared of what Kara may get her to do.

Lilly explained things to Kara.

"I know she hates doing that, But can't she understand that I like seeing girls doing that. She may hate me for it but can't she also accept that its apart of who I am?" Kara asked.

"She does but she's scared. You're too forward with it and you seem to be forcing it on us." Lilly answered. "Think of it from Holly's perspective. She's a nine year old girl who's being ordered to pee herself for someone's enjoyment. Wouldn't you be scared if someone did that to you if you were that old?"

Kara listened to Lilly.

"So, if I was less forward with it all she would be ok with it and take it in slowly?" Kara asked. She had not really thought of it from Holly's point of view before. "Yes, I would be scared and I would come to hate that person" Kara tells her.

"If you do it at Holly's pace I'm sure she'll not really warm up to it as such but she'll accept that it's something that makes you happy." Lilly replied. "Take it easy. If you were to ask her really nicely and not demand her to do something against her will she'll do it as long as she's not alone with it. Ask Haley to join in as well and, if you do it too, she'll probably not feel so bad about it all."

"I'm guessing her pace would be here and there yet how can I ask her nicely when she hates my guts?" Kara asked her, She then thought of Haley but shook her head at that idea. "Before any of that happens I need to talk with Holly alone can you keep Haley busy for a while?" Kara went on to ask her,

"Apologise to her and treat her to some sweets or something. She'll be suspicious but she'll still go along with it if Haley and I are there." Lilly answered. "Haley's easily kept occupied with sweets. Make a sweet trail leading away from where you'll be talking to Holly and she'll do the rest herself."

'Why do I have the apologize?" Kara thought she knew she needed to but so did Holly. "I believe I can do that" Kara replied. As the group finally arrived at the sports hall. The teacher had fianlly started to take attendence.

"Then it's all good, right?" Lilly asked with a smile. "Sometimes, you just need to think from another perspective to get around most problems. If you keep looking one way then you'll miss out on a lot of other options when the road starts to get tough."

Once they got into the sports hall, Lilly sat at the back of the hall with the other students. Sure enough, the cold was getting to her a little in her panty-less situation. Her bloomers felt freezing against her crotch

Kara listened as Lilly spoke. "Yeah, it is but has Holly ever thought from my perspective?" Kara went on to ask.

She felt cold since she wasn't also wearing a bra and her nipples were now poking out. Against her top she looked closer at Lilly. "I'm cold"

"She has before and, to be honest, she says it scares her." Lilly told Kara. "She doesn't get the idea of how anyone can find peeing themselves and watching other people pee themselves enjoyable."

Lilly shivered at the thought of Kara feeling cold as well.

"That makes two of us." Lilly replied. "My bloomers are freezing and they're..." Lily stopped herself from saying any more. She stopped sitting with her knees up and shifted down to sitting on her feet while she knelt on the floor. She knew that anyone could see everything due to the coldness of the hall if she let them.

"I guess some of us are just different than others I'm sure Holly has things she likes that I might not find enjoyable" Kara replied.

"I'm sure I'll be feeling the same way if not more so soon enough" Kara spoke. She looked down to see Lilly sitting on her feet. "Also it would be a good idea to close your legs as everyone would be able to see it" Kara pointed out.

"I intend to. I don't want other people seeing that even in an all girl's school." Lilly answered with a blush. "You'd better be careful as well. You've got pointy things in your top."

It appears that Holly's dare was a huge screw over for Lilly at the moment. Later today she's got Drama and Drama in a skirt with no panties on isn't a good idea. Especially when the unit she's on at the moment is 'People as Props'.

"I'm sure you'd show it to me" Kara quickly said as she walked away from Lilly. Her arms were over her chest. She soon joined the rest of the class as she waited for attendance to be taken, Kara also thought of their joint attack they still needed to pull off together.

"What?! NO! Of course not!" Lilly quickly blurted out.

Attendance was taken and the topic for today was introduced.

The teacher told the class that todays lesson would be that each student. Would run and pick up a eraser upon the ground run back and drop it before running back over and picking up a second. Before running back over the start line. Each student would be timed and the student with the best overall time would win.

"But your blushing"

Lilly sighed in despair as the lesson was introduced. A lot of running meant a lot of rubbing, a lot of rubbing lead to a lot of chafing and other things. Lilly was sure that today was out to get her. Anyway, she wasn't the only one on the short end of the stick. Kara had two problems to worry about. Number one was the same as Lilly, with the rubbing and chafing, and Number two was something which Lilly lacked. Bouncy bits.

"Too much running." Lilly groaned.

Kara wasn't liking the whole running around bit. Now she had to deal with like Lilly a bunch of rubbing a chafing. "You will pay for this Holly" Kara thought, She closed her eyes and felt the air around them. She wanted to locate just where Holly currently was. But was having a hard time trying to locate her,

Not far behind Lilly Yukina was busy standing by herself. She had been watching both Kara and Lilly for a short time. And was glad to see Kara walk away and leave Lilly alone. Deciding to play a prank of Lilly Yukina created several sounds that sounded like running water and placed these sounds around Lilly.

The signal was faint but Kara managed to locate Holly. She was currently in the toilets located in the Primary School building, which was at the other end of the campus. Another signature was felt near Holly, it was Haley's. She was around 10 feet away from Holly. This would normally meant that she was running the dryers for her.

While sitting and waiting for her turn to be called up, Lilly heard what sounded like taps running and rain drops falling. It was a sunny day outside so there should be no rain. They were also in a place where no taps were so how could taps be running? Lilly moved around slightly, unconscious of her own movements. She felt the trace of magic and knew who it was.

"Damn you!" She quietly said to herself. She knew it was Yukina messing with her.

The other students were busy getting into a single file line and Kara took. Her spot in line her arms were still crossed over her breasts. She had opened her eyes again she had finally found Holly but it was faint she also felt Haley was near. "Damn" Kara thought as she wanted to get Holly back for this outlandish bet but with Haley near her. She wouldn't be able to pull out what she wanted.

Instead and knowing that they both still hated her she let the wind touch them both lightly. Before moving it off of them and fadding away.

The sounds of water around Lilly grew a little louder. But vanished as Yukina arrived near Lilly's side "Oh, if it isn't my best friend Leaky Lilly" Yukina replied with a laugh.

The twins felt the wind and Holly yelped a little from it as it surprised her. She then quickly finished up and went to wash her hands. Haley then went into the cubicle and shut the door when Holly was drying her hands.

"I don't need you messing with me now." Lilly angrily said through gritted teeth. "I'm having an off day as it is and you'll only make it worse."

Kara felt Holly's movements in the wind and smiled. She keot their location in mind but did nothing to mess with either of them.

"Oh, problems I see" Yukina spoke.

"More than that." Lilly answered coldly. "It's none of your concern."

Lilly didn't want anyone knowing that she was without a pair of panties today otherwise she may be in for a boat-load of embarrassment from the other students. More from Yukina, though.

"Now, if you're done messing with me, please leave me alone." She politely, if a little forcibly, asked.

"That may be true but I can still have my fun" Yukina replied.

She turned away from Lilly and started to walk away leaving her alone. A moment later a small wet patch began to form on Lilly's bloomers around in her crotch. This wasn't pee or anything just water that would make other students think she had wet herself.

Yukina left Lilly alone at last but she did have the last laugh. Lilly felt a wetness around her crotch on her bloomers. She looked down and saw a small wet patch forming. She knew she'd just been to the toilet before she came into the lesson and that she hadn't moved much since so it had to be Yukina. She quickly covered the patch with her hands and made her new position look natural to not raise suspicion.

"That bitch!" Lilly quietly, but angrily, stated.

The line of students moved along and soon it was Kara's turn. She did a few stretches to get her leg muscles working. As soon as the teacher said she was ready. Kara sprinted forward she ran quickly and picked. Up one of the erasers before running back over the line. Dropped it to the ground she ran back over and picked up the second one. Before giving a mad dash across the finish line.

During the entire time Kara ran she felt her bloomers rubbing against her girlhood. A tiny wet patch had formed. At her crotch as the rubbing had turned her on. Kara had gotten a time of '45' seconds and quickly made her way to Lilly.

Lilly was in a mood ever since Yukina left her. She'd been sitting sour faced the whole time and anger was clear in her posture. She didn't notice that Kara had returned as she was lost in plotting the downfall of Yukina. How could she get her own back on this person?

Kara noticed that Lilly was in a bad mood and didn't want to even ask what the problem was. A few moments passed and the teacher called out for Lilly. Who's turn it was next to go about their lesson.

It took a good three calls before Lilly even noticed she was wanted. She quickly snapped herself from her slump and did some warm-up stretches before joining the line. The whistle was blown and the runners set off.

Lilly managed to withstand the rubbing of her bloomers against her exposed vulva. She stumbled a little in places as the patch on her bloomers got larger and larger. She really wanted to add to the rubbing with some of her own but now was not the time and place. She managed to get a time of '45s 21ms'. As soon as she dropped the last eraser, she fell to the floor and panted from more than just the running. The running hadn't tired her out at all but the will power it took to refrain from rubbing herself while her bloomers did most of the work was the culprit.

Kara watched as Lilly did her warm up stretches and then did her lesson. Once finished she watched as Lilly returned towards her and saw the larger wet patch on her bloomers. Kara tried not to stare but couldn't help it. Her own patch had gotten larger from just looking at Lilly's a blush filled her face.

"I...really...need...to...pee." Lilly panted out. She didn't actually need to go. She wanted to do something much more intimate in the toilets. Her vulva was trembling with anticipation as she slowly started to sit up. When her eyes refocused, she saw a wet patch on Kara's bloomers as well.

"Shall we ask together?"

Lilly stood up and went to the teacher to ask if she could be excused for a toilet break.

Kara heard Lilly mention about needing to pee. But got the feeling there was more to it than that. She quickly got up "y-yes" Kara stammered out. Her flower we tingling just at the sight of looking at Lilly's wet bloomers. Kara went along with her they reached the teacher and asked if they both could be excuased to the toilet. The teacher said it was fine and Kara ran towards the toilets. They rubbing of her bloomers against her girlhood increased.

Thankfully, the teacher allowed them to go to the toilet. Lilly wasted no time in heading there. She knew her pleasure would erupt out of her any moment. She hurried along into the changing room toilets and entered a cubicle. She quickly shut the door behind her and pulled her damp bloomers down before giving in to the pleasure. Her right hand immediately started to rub against her girlhood and it took no more than a couple of seconds before she climaxed.

Kara went into the toilets a few moments. After Lilly had done so her eyes were still clued. To the wet patch upon her bloomers. How she longed to touch Lilly between her legs and felt sad that Lilly went into a cubicle. She went into her own next to Lilly's and seemed to follow suit. With her own bloomers pulled down. Kara brought her hand down rubbing herself she heard Lilly moan softly.

Feeling the wetness of her juices on her fingers. Kara started to moan within seconds she moaned Lilly's name and then climaxed. Yet Kara then went quiet she was sure now that Lilly would have heard her name being called out.

Lost in her ecstasy, she barely heard her name being called. She thought it was just her imagination. Kara wouldn't do that, would she? After a few moments to regain her breath, Lilly did what she said she was going to do before wiping herself down and flushing the toilet. She felt much better now. She then washed her hands and headed back to her lesson.

Kara left the cubicle and went about washing her hands. She then walked back into the changing room and went about searching for a clean pair. Of bloomers she could wear as she wasn't about to head back to her lesson in her old ones. She found another pair and changed into those and went back to the sports hall.

Lilly's bloomers were mostly dry as she'd used a little water from the tap and magic to clean them. They were still a little damp but they weren't noticeably damp.

Back in the sports hall, Lily took her seat at the back of the room again and shot daggers at Yukina with her glance.

Yukina saw the glare that Lilly gave her upon her return. She didn't like it one bit so she got up and looked around. For something not being able to find anything she created a ball of solid ice and sent it flying at Lilly's face.

Seeing the ice coming at her, Lilly put a small fire barrier around herself and melted the ice. It turned into nothing but harmless water which splashed against her face.

"How refreshing. Thanks for that." Lilly taunted Yukina.

Seeing as how Lilly had melted the ice that left her lower body open. Yukina created a water whip that suddenly struck Lilly upon her rear end rather hard.

"How'd you like that?" She taunted.

Lilly yelped in shock as the whip struck her.

"So you like it kinky, do you?" Lilly shot back. She then created a small collection of fire needles and sent them towards Yukina. They'll cause no real harm but they'll still sting.

The fire needles struck Yukina and she yelped in pain as they stinged her.

"I thought you would like that!" Yukina replied. She created a nine tailed water whip and sent it at Lilly's rear again.

The nine-tailed whip struck Lilly and she yelped in pain again.

"Shame I like whips." Lilly told Yukina. "Do you like the Pretty Maid?"

Lilly created a Iron Maiden made of fire and locked it around Yukina. The fire would absorb her if she allowed it and she would still feel the pain but no real harm would be done.

"Pretty Maid?" Yukina asked confused.

An Iron Maiden was cast around her. She had only read about them she tried to get free but. Felt the fire burn her as though she was in real pain. Yukina screamed out and called on her magic the Iron Maiden was cut in two and she had small burn marks on her arms and face.

"That does it" Yukina yelled.

The water whip turned into a blade of water which Yukina sent to cut off Lilly's bloomers.

The blade cut through Lilly's bloomers. She shrieked in surprise as she quickly grabbed at her bloomers to stop them from falling down.

"You've pushed me too far!" Lilly shouted back. She then created a halberd from fire and sent it to cut through all of Yukina's clothes.

Yukina cried out in surprise as she was struck by the flame halberd. It cut through all her clothes. Which fell to the ground Yukina cried out and quickly covered herself. Before running at Lilly and she takled her to the ground and started to rip off Lilly's clothes with her hands.

"How dare you how dare you!" Yukina snapped. She brought a hand down to Lilly's crotch and sent a forceful wave of water inside of her peach.

The teacher saw all of this and went over to Yukina she pulled. her off of Lilly. "Damn it all Yukina and Lilly headmaster's office right now and hurry and get changed" She snapped.

Things happened and the two found themselves in a whole lot of trouble. Lilly had created a large puddle on the floor of the sports hall which she'll have to clean up after her trip to the headmaster's office and, as mentioned, she had to see the headmaster.

"Your fault." Lilly angrily stated to Yukina.

Yukina stormed back to the changing room and changed back into her clothes. Once she was alone with Lilly she looked back at her.

"Your one to talk"

Lilly quickly changed her clothes and glared right back at Yukina, who seemed to be rather angry herself.

"You started it with your whipping. It's your fault." Lilly answered.

"Yet she tried to hurt me with that Iron Maiden thing" Yukina pointed out.

She got up out and headed out of the changing room. Before doing once again the small form of water and dropped it on Lilly's head.

"Only because you whipped me!" Lilly responded.

Expecting a reaction, Lilly managed to avoid the water bubble which Yukina tried to drop on her head. She then left the changing rooms and headed towards the Headmaster's office.

"You deserved it" Yukina replied back.

Once Lilly had left the changing rooms and both girls were walking towards the Headmaster's office. A few minutes later they both arrived and knocked on the door and were told that they could enter.

"Et tu!" Lilly shot back.

Lilly waited around outside the headmaster's office. She wasn't going to go in first after last time.

"All yours." Lilly said to Yukina with a smug smile.

Yukina didn't clearly understand what Lilly had said to her as first.

She could see the smug smile on Lilly's face and walked up to the Headmaster's door and opened it and walked inside.

"Ah, Ms Yukina its good for you to come" He said in angered tone.

Lilly waited outside with a smile on her face for Yukina to come out with her tail between her legs. That'll teach her for what she did! She didn't much care for her own punishment at the moment. She just wanted to see her take a fall.

Yukina was usually a good student and didn't really make much trouble. Yet she seemed to be breaking all the rules with her recent fights with Lilly. As she stood there looking down at the floor she heard the Headmaster speak to her. He yelled at her for breaking the rules and engaging in a magical battle with out the proper safety being taken into account.

He pulled out a long metal ruler from. His desk and walked over to Yukina who he grabbed by the arm. Yukina started to beg and scream to be let go but he wouldn't allow that to happen. His daughter had broken the rules and must be punished for it. He pulled up Yukina's skirt and pulled down her panties. And started to slap her ass with the metal ruler. Yukina cried out in pain and screamed for him to stop.

He did this 15 times until her ass was bright red and hurting all over. He told her to get out of his sight and Yukina left the office crying and in pain.

Lilly saw just what she wanted to see. A broken and distraught Yukina. Lilly was now ready to take her own punishment. She had her plan set out to make it less unbearable.

"You wanted me?" Lilly asked as she entered the Headmaster's office.

"Ah, Ms Sera your back again so soon" The Headmaster said. As Lilly walked into his office he got up again and started to pace around the room.

"Your in just a much trouble as Yukina is in" He replied.

"What're my charges?" Lilly asked confidently. "Assault on provocation? Inappropriate use of Magic? Knocking a stuck up girl down a peg or two?"

Lilly didn't care much for the Headmaster at the moment.

"All of those, sure you had every right to defend yourself but still you broke the rules" He told her.

He could see the look upon her face. He put the metal ruler away and went searching for something else. "Maybe suspenion would work or a duel between you two"

"Whatever you want. I don't care either way." Lilly answered.

She liked the idea of a duel but that was also a turn off as well. Yukina always fought dirty so she'll likely do it in the duel as well.

"Then consider it both then for the rest of the day your suspended but it will be a in-school suspension which means. You will spend the rest of the day with the other trouble makers in room 2-B plus tomorrow morning you will have your duel with Yukina" He told her.

"Fine by me." Lilly shrugged back. "Where is 2-B?"

Lilly seemed to be let off from the harsh punishment Yukina had. She wasn't sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing. She'd never been given a suspension before left alone an in-school suspension. She wondered just what it all meant.

"Lead the way."

"Follow me and I'll show you" He spoke.

The Headmaster walked out of his office with Lilly following behind him. They both walked for a short while until the reached the middle of the campus. Walking inside a smaller building he led Lilly down the hallway until they passed by five doors on the sixth door the pair stopped. "Right here" He told her.

"If you say so." Lilly answered. She opened the door and went into the room. She knew what she'd do. She'd just sit there and catch up on her reading for the rest of the day. She wondered if she'd be let out for breaks and lunch as she had appointments to keep.

The teacher in charge of everything went over to Lilly as she entered and told her. They she would be excaused for lunch but they'd all go as a class and then would. Come right back and eat in the classroom. She would be allowed to leave for a bathroom break. But someone would have to go with her.

Lilly found out that she was being treated like a criminal now. She kind of hated the fact that she was so restrained. Wanting time to go fast, she took a seat at the back of the classroom and took out her book. She'd read her way through this imprisonment,

Kara wondered just what had become of Lilly she had not returned to class. Yet Yukina did the lesson had ended a while again and as she was headed to her magic lesson. Which she shared with Lilly and the twins. Wondered how she could find Lilly when she arrived in class. She closed her eyes and used her magic to try and locate Lilly.

Kara managed to find Lilly's magical signature and Lilly was aware of this. She could feel Kara's magic scrying on her. She sent back her own signature, a blast of hot wind, which was basically an indication to say 'Stop it.'.

"Lilly's been bad, hasn't she?" Haley asked Kara when she entered the magic class.

"It's all Yukina's fault, not Lilly's." Holly corrected Haley.

Kara felt the blast of warm air upon her and stopped what she was doing. She saw both other girls enter the room.

"It would seem that way but what for?" Kara asked to Haley. She looked over at Holly "I guess so" She replied. Before class was to begin she decided to say something to both girls.

"I know as of late there as been some bad blood between us and I want to say. That I'm sorry for the way I've been acting Holly you don't deserve what I've been trying to force upon you. And neither to you Haley I won't try and force it on you Holly but I just want you to understand that its. Something that I like and would like to see it in time if we could do it all together. Maybe you would feel better at it because you wouldn't be alone in the matter" Kara says.

"Word in the lower years is that Yukina was picking on Lilly in P.E and Lilly retaliated." Holly explained. "When I was on my way to the toilets before this lesson, I saw Yukina looking rather upset and holding her rear. She looked like she'd just been punished rather badly."

"So, I done a bit of snooping." Haley cut in. "I asked around and news had it that Yukina and Lilly had a little magic contest in P.E and they got caught."

Kara went on to apologise for all she had done.

"I've been a little selfish as well." Holly answered. "I'm sorry for that. How about...um..." Holly knew she'd regret this but she just had to do it. She just had to accept that side of Kara no matter how much she hated it. "Later today, just before our bath after school. I...'do' something for you in my swimsuit. Swimsuits are easy to clean so it won't be that bad."

"Count me in as well." Haley said with a smile as she patted Holly on the back. "We'll both put on a little show for you."

"Only if you do it as well, Kara." Holly added on. "I don't want you to feel too overjoyed by our choice."

Kara listened to the first part of what both Holly and Haley had to say. "So, that's what happened to Yukina when she came back to class she was still hlding her rear" Kara spoke. She turned to Haley. "Yet it seems that Yukina got more of the bad punishment that what Lilly got" She replied to Haley.

Kara heard the last part of what both girls said.

"Holly you don't have to do that so soon all I wanted was it to happen when you were good and ready. Not something that you just want to do to get it over with take your time and really think about this" Kara told her. She wanted Holly to do this on her own ffree will as something that would be nice if Kara was feeling down not something that was like. I did it its over lets move on she looked over at Haley.

"Why don't we just do it together instead so that Holly doesn't have to do it?" Kara asked her.

"If I don't do it then then I never will." Holly quickly answered before Haley had a chance to. "I know I've gotta start somewhere with all of this and today's the best day for it. Tomorrow I'd probably return back to being disgusted by the thought of it. Please, let me do it later."

"What she said." Haley replied. "I'm fine with it but I know what Holly's like."

Holly was still torn between taking up Kara's offer and doing it 'when she felt ready' and her own decision of starting it all today. She'd been conditioned that doing that sort of thing was disgusting and not something a young lady should do so she really wanted to act upon her decision and try to uncondition herself from that ideal and recondition herself to believe it's not that bad when appropriate.

Kara wasn't going to push the matter anymore. As if she did Holly would just get mad at her once again. 'Its up to you" Was all Kara said. She then heard what Haley said but didn't reply back to her. Soon the lesson began and attendance was taken neither Yukina or Yvraine were here at the moment. As they had others lessons however the teacher today decided on a short mock battle for today.

He called up Kara the looked at the other. 13 students and asked if one of them would come up to battle Kara as in by being a mock battle it was whoever got hit first would lose the round.

"Hit first, huh?" Haley thought of something. "I'll do it!" She called up to the teacher.

Haley had a plan. She knew that Kara couldn't see through her illusions without Holly's help so this was in the bag for her. She wanted to look competent in magic classes as it'll probably be the only class she actually passes this year.

Kara saw as Haley had come forward. The teacher agreed to this and Kara then changed into her battle outfit. At least this version had something covering her privates as she wasn't about to go around flashing everyone.

"So, were fighting each other this should be fun"

"It will be. We liked it last time so this time'll be better." Haley replied as she changed into her own outfit. "You've got no Holly to help you now. Do you know which is which?"

Haley created three copies of herself before dismissing them.

"Then all four of us should do it again, and I don't need Holly's help to beat you" Kara replied with a smile.

Seeing as Haley created three copies of herself and knowing what she liked. Kara called upon the wind to first blow up Haley's skirt. Followed next by floating into the sky she created three non-letheal blades of wind and sent them at Haley.

As Haley had expected, Kara blew up her skirt with wind before anything else. Haley playfully pushed it down but made sure that everything could be seen as well.

The blades of wind were quite easy to avoid. All Haley had to do was swiftly teleport to the other side of Kara. Instead of fighting, she decided to hold her action for her next chance.

Seemed that Haley had dodged the blades of wind. Well that was to be expected as it was just a warm up. She watched as Haley teleported to the other side of her yet she seemed not to do anything.

Instead Kara flew over to Haley and hugged her before tickling her sides and then flying away from. Back to where she had been before.

Passive fun over, Haley decided to get a little serious.

"Wingblade." She cast. Six spectral blades of illusion appeared behind her in a wing-like pattern. She could control each blade individually but could only do three moves with them a round, whether they be combined blade attacks or singular ones. The blades also allowed her to fly. She gently floated upwards before using her held action.

"Double Team." Haley cast. Ten copies of her surrounded Kara in a circle.

Seems Haley wanted to get serious now.

She floated in theair still and watched as six spectral blades were created. Followed by ten copies of her appearing around her. Looking around she wondered just which one of them was the real Haley,

The wind began to gather around her again forming a small barrier around her. Just incase of Haley trying anything.

Kara called the wind around herself. Haley, being inept at discerning magic, decided to strike. She moved her left hand in a slashing pattern and one of her blades shot forward towards Kara. She then moved her right hand in the same way and another shot at Kara. She then slashed both of her hands down and two more blades fired off towards Kara.

Kara had seen the first blade come down at her. She dodged to the left to avoid the attack. Another two blades came flying at her. She avoided another blade but one struck her barrier which caused it to shatter. Another blade was coming at her and Kara dived to the ground. Just barely avoiding the attack.

Landing upon the ground she gathered the wind once again between her arms. And then shot a strong gust of wind at Haley more like a gale force blast of wind.

Some of the blades missed but one connected. Haley was quite pleased with this. She then saw a barrier shatter and was rather annoyed at her lack of knowledge in the detecting magic section.

Seeing a blast of wind coming at her, Haley quickly traded places with a copy and the copy got struck. The copy shattered into shards of light. Haley connected all her six blades together and sent the whole lot down at Kara like a huge spear.

Kara saw a copy of Haley shatter into pieces of light. "So, that was just a copy?" Kara thought. She watched as all six blades came together and formed a huge spear. Which was sent flying at her. Kara sent a much stronger blast of wind at Haley as another means to blow up her skirt to distract her. But Kara had slipped up she was paying attention to that instead of finishing it quick.

The spear struck Kara in the chest sending her. Flying into the ground the teacher saw this and awarded the match to Haley.

In a short amount of time, Haley had won. She floated down and dismissed her magic.

"You weren't even trying, were you?" She asked Kara, upset about her quick win. "Do you think I'm not going to cut it?"

Holly had offered for herself to come up and fight the next round. The winner of that round would face Haley in a different sort of magic fight.

Holly quickly took out her opponent. They were all tricks and traps which Holly could see through. She made it last a while for visually appealing reasons but quickly cut her opponent down with a well timed backbiter, which reflected their own trap back at themselves. Haley was called up and stood opposite Holly.

"Illusion vs. Truth." Holly said. "In any normal battle, I'd wipe the floor with you in seconds."

"Confident, are we?" Haley chuckled. "This isn't a normal magic battle."

The rules were explained. Magic is all well and good but there needs to be a balance between ranged and close combat. This battle was a close combat one. Magic from range was forbidden and would result in instant loss.

Kara's clothes returned to normal.

"I was trying I was trying to distract you before I made my move and it failed" Kara replied. She walked away from Haley knowing if she were to talk with her anymore. Haley would just get more mad. It seemed that Holly's battle was up next and Kara didn't want to watch it. Then it seemed that it was Holly vs Haley.

Kara stood and watched.

"Close combat?" Haley asked. "Perfect. Time to show how well my tutoring from Sis paid off."

"We're both students of Lilly's. Let's see who's better!" Holly answered.

Haley held out her left hand and a black blade formed in it.

The blade was pure obsidian and so was the handle. The shape of the blade was different from normal. It was shaped in the opposite direction of a normal sword. The blade itself was curved like a cutlass but it ended in a tip much like an axe blade. A green emerald sat in the middle of the axe blade. A similar gem rested in the circular handle. The handle gem looked more like an eye than a gem. The reason the blade appeared backwards was because Haley wielded it backhand. She held the sword behind her and stood with her front facing her right.

"Nice sword." Holly commented. "Pity it's not named."

"Redemption!" Holly called out as she extended her right hand. A pure white blade appeared.

This blade looked roughly the same as Haley's except the colours were reversed. This blade was white and red. Instead of having a axe-like top, it had thing blade curving around like a scythe. It looked more like it was made for ripping than cutting. She also wielded her weapon backhand like Haley.

The two girls stared each other down as the teacher began the fight.

"Ready...start!"

Kara just watched it seemed that both girls had gotten much better. Maybe next time Kara would had to take things more seroiously. She could cheat and make Haley lose by trying to distract her but it would make her mad. So Kara did nothing and remained where she was.

"When equal powers clash..." Haley started. She then appeared right in front of Holly, who skilfully blocked her strike.

"...their true nature is revealed." Holly finished. She then jumped back and disengaged from combat.

The two girls battled it out. Both appeared equally matched but Holly was tiring quickly. She had just enough stamina to block Haley's relentless onslaught of attacks. Blows quickly rained down from the both of them, coupled with the sound of metal clanging against metal as their weapons connected. Haley was still going strong. She'd barely broken a sweat despite her constant attacks against Holly. She seemed to show no signs of tiring what so ever.

Holly quickly gained the upper hand by nearly disarming Haley. She acted all tired and weak before using the wing of her blade to nearly remove the sword form Haley's hand. Haley only just managed to pull back before Holly tore her sword away.

"Cunning beats speed!" Holly shouted to Haley.

"Speed can outrun cunning!" Haley countered as she flashed above Holly and slashed downwards with her axe-blade in a full circle. Holly blocked this blow and sent Haley flying by causing her own momentum to backfire. She was now lying prone on the floor. Holly went over to her.

"Give up?" Holly asked.

"Never!" Haley shouted back as she attempted to toppled Holly by slashing at her legs. Holly quickly jumped back and avoided the attack. This gave Haley a chance to regain her posture.

The battle looked really close.

Lilly could see the battle the girls were taking part in through the scrying link Holly sent her. She had Haley disguise it so it couldn't be traced. She was happy with how good her students had become. They'd surpassed her teaching ability.

Kara was now watching the battle with great interest it seemed that both girl's were doing very good. Far better then she thought they would be doing as she watched she began to wonder. Just how they'd do against her in a battle she wanted to fight against Haley again. As truth be told she had not been taking their fight seriously, Yet she knew who she wanted to win this battle and that was Haley,

Kara called upon her magic and she shielded herself so that she was completely, Shielded from anyone knowing just what she was about to do, She had a fair idea of what she was going to do to Holly, "Confuse" Kara cast on Holly the spell forces the mind to lose focus, so that actions can't be performed properly anymore. That was the first part next Kara cast her second spell on Holly. "Obeyance", "Enslaves" someone’s mind, so that he/she does what the caster desires. If this spell worked on Holly then what Kara wanted her to do pull her panties down and flash the whole class.

That was only if the spell were to work on her in the first place, She cast more magic upon herself to shield herself from anyone finding out it was her, She also used the her own magical ability that she had learned from her Father so that she wouldn't be traced as well.

