A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*008*2014-06-13 00:41

Another new chapter right here.

Chapter 6: A Morning Battle

"Only if you let me." Haley replied. "I could only come into this dream now 'cause you let me in."

Haley's hand was getting wet from Kara's fluids. She started to move her forefinger around in light circles over Kara's peach.

"I did a little earlier to Lilly but that turned out worse than I thought." Haley answered. "It's what caused us all to pee ourselves. I made the sounds of the story I told you real to Lilly." Haley thought a little. "The only person who seemed to be unaffected by my meddling was Holly. I don't know why but I think she can see through my illusions." Haley added.

Kara listened to what Haley had to say to her.

"Then feel free to do so when you want. I'm not sure how long I can keep it up" Kara told her.

She moans as Haley's forefinger moved around in circles over her peach.

"Could, you maybe one day do it on Lilly again to make her think she really needs to pee?" Kara asked as she reached over and ran her fingers over Haley's peach. Doing the same movements she was doing.

Back in the real world Kara's panties wet flooded with her juices.

"I'll need to be with you as my magic can only affect those within my line of sight." Haley clarified.

"Only when she's asleep and if she lets me into her dreams." Haley said. "If she does, I can make her pee herself in her dream and that'll make her wet the bed in reality. I just need to make sure that my presence in the dream goes undetected as I don't want Lilly to fight the illusion." Haley explained. "I can't directly affect a person in reality but I can make them see or hear things which may make them really need to pee."

Haley just giggled at Kara's stimulation. Due to her yet to develop body, Haley was just tickled by the stimulation.

"If you keep that up I'm gonna pee again." Haley giggled out.

Back in the real world, Lilly was squirming around in her sleeping bag. She couldn't sleep and she really needed the toilet yet she was too scared to go alone and she didn't want to wake anyone else up.

"What am I going to do? I really need to pee but I'm too scared to go." Lilly asked herself. She then remembered the nappy which a maid brought up with the canister of drinks. Could she really do that? Nope! No way! Unless...?

"Well you are with me now could we try it?" Kara asked.

She listened fully to what Haley had to say to her. "But she's asleep now, does Lilly have anything that makes her really need to go?" Kara asked hoping to see Lilly wet herself. She further listened to Haley. "I could use my magic to make an illusion of where she won't know it's us" Kara added.

She kept up her stimulation of Haley's peach blushing at what Haley said.

"Then, I hope to see you pee again" Kara giggled as she leaned forward and kissed Haley.

"What do you want changed?" Haley asked. "I'd have to stop what I'm doing and touch your head again to swap it, though. But maybe you could do it yourself as you know that you're dreaming. Just imagine what you want changing and repeat it over and over again in your head until it changes."

Haley thought back to the dream doors.

"I only saw two doors lit up, that was yours and Holly's, but that was a little while ago. Maybe she's asleep now?" Haley asked herself as much as Kara.

Haley considered Kara's question.

"I guess running water does that. Couldn't you see how much she was fidgeting back in the dining hall with the fountain going?" Haley asked with a laugh.

Haley could feel a fresh bout of warm urine surging through her body towards her urethra.

"I'm gonna pee again." Haley told Kara as another yellow river flowed out of Haley. "I guess this is my usual bedwetting." Haley said with a shrug. She didn't feel the need beforehand so that must be the explanation.

Sod etiquette. This was no time for that. If she didn't do this then she'd make an even bigger fool of herself. She quietly got out of her sleeping bag, trying not to wake Holly and headed over to the table with the nappy on. She walked really slowly as she could barely move because of her desperate need for relief. Once she got over to the nappy, she took off her panties and put it on.

"I can't believe I'm doing this..." Lilly said to herself. She tried to relax her bladder but it just wouldn't go. "Come on..." She said to herself.

No dice. Not yet, anyway.

"Can we put her first in the outfit from my dream and into a classroom where she's bursting to go but can't be allowed to leave?" Kara admitted as a wave of juices leaked out of her peach covering Haley's hand. She listened to what Haley had to say to her,

"I want to see Lilly, wet herself in a classroom wearing the clothes from my dream" Kara started to repeat this over and over. As she saw Haley bring up the dream doors.She saw a set of two doors.

"I don;t want Holly wetting herself not yet at all" Kara says, she blushed again when she heard Haley mentioned the dinning room time,

"She looked really cute then" Kara admitted she began to use her magic to create an illusion of the pair of them not being seen. She also tried to create the image of a classroom where Lilly maybe in.

She felt as Haley wet herself again. She seemed to rub Haley harder and harder meaning she wanted Haley to wet herself again.

They returned to the Dream Doors. Only two were lit up, these were Kara's and Holly's.

"Lilly's still not asleep." Haley said. "Maybe the stories scared her too much?"

Haley thought of something worth trying.

"Let's see, will this work?" Haley said as she called the pair of of the Dream Doors into reality. They were now standing by the side of Kara's bed. Haley looked over to the bed and saw both Kara's sleeping body and her own. She had the cat ears and tail. "It worked!" Haley called out as she looked at herself and Kara's forms, they looked like ghosts.

"I've weakened the barrier between the dream world and the real world. We're asleep in reality but our consciousnesses are right her." Haley explained as she indicated herself and Kara's ghost bodies. "We can't affect the real world in any way but we can watch what is going on."

Haley looked around the room and saw Lilly by the table.

"What's she doing there?" Haley asked herself as much as Kara. She edged closer to Lilly and listened in to what she was saying. She seemed to be wearing a nappy? Was Haley just seeing things?

Lilly tried once more to let her fluids out but they just wouldn't come.

"I can't pee when I want to and I always need to pee when I don't want to!" Lilly groaned to herself. She turned around to go back to her sleeping bag when she heard a crinkling noise and felt a warm wetness in her privates.

"I'm peeing myself?!" Lilly quietly exclaimed. "Better doing it in a nappy than in panties, I suppose." Lilly told herself as she relaxed her bladder fully. The crinkling got louder and a hissing sound could now be heard.

"Lilly's peeing herself!" Dream Haley shouted, she turned to Dream Kara. "Look! Lilly's peeing herself in nappy! I'm so not gonna let her live this down!"

"I wonder why that is maybe your right?" Kara said as she listened to Haley speak.

She saw them appear near her bed looking over she spotted the cat ears and tail on Haley. Looking closely at herself she noticed her panties were soaking wet. "So, now what can we do?" Kara asked. She listened further to what Haley had to say.

"Okay, yet what can Lilly be doing?" Kara asked as she watched Lilly. She heard Haley mention that Lilly was wearing a nappy. She followed after Haley. Watching as Lilly went back to her sleeping bag.

She heard the crinkling sound she watched clearly as Lilly peed herself before her and Haley. In reality Kara's juices soaked her already wet panties totally wetting the bed under her body.

"C-Come on Lilly wet yourself for me flood that nappy think of me when your peeing think of me" Kara said. As her dream self floated her leotard with juices.

"Saving to neural memory bank for later use in illusion. EVIDENCE!" Dream Haley smiled to herself. "She won't be able to resist doing what I want her to do now."

Lilly felt, while emptying her bladder full force into the nappy, a warm wetness trickle down her legs.

"Oh no! It can't hold any more!" Lilly cried out quietly as she tried to stem the flow. "Well, it was a child's nappy after all so what was I thinking?!"

The flow wouldn't stop. Lilly's tired bladder had already had enough and it just wanted to let it out. Lilly, not thinking, ran into the bathroom and switched the light on. She then headed into the shower and stood over a drain while the nappy overflowed.

In Dream Haley's mind, she saw Holly's dream door flicker out as the girl stirred in her sleeping bag. Holly sat up and rubbed her eyes.

"Toilet..." She mumbled to herself as she got out of the bag and headed for the already illuminated bathroom.

Dream Haley's body flickered as the illusionary link between the real world and dream world was slowly being broken as her real body was starting to wake up from the light stimulation.

"Head's up, Kara," Dream Haley said to Dream Kara. "We're about to be booted back to reality." Dream Haley finished before her spectral body blinked out like a light. Real Haley was starting to wake up as well.

More and more of her juices flooded her leotard as Kara watched Lilly. Wet herself she was blushing like mad she really wanted to go over and run her fingers along Lilly's peach between her legs. But knew that she couldn't because she was in a dream still.

"S-She looks so, beautiful" Kara explained as she heard everything. Lilly said but when Lilly ran into the bathroom Kara cried out.

"N-No, don't go!" Kara yelled.

As she listened to what Haley said. She began to notice Holly was stirring looking back. At Haley she smiled at her "Thank you" Kara says. She felt her own spectral body blink out. As she entered back into the real world.

HISSS, HISSSSS, HISSSSSS

A rather mall sound could be heard at first it started to grow louder. As warm yellow fluids started to pour out of Kara's peach flooding her panties with pee. She was wetting the bed.

"Warm..." Haley murmured while she wok up slowly. She sat up in bed and rubbed her eyes. She looked down at the bed as the warm wetness started to turn cold. She heard the hissing sound coming from Kara. She rolled over and shook Kara gently. "Kara...wake up. You're peeing." Haley said to Kara while she was still half asleep.

Holly entered the bathroom and went over to the toilet. She was still lagged from sleep so she hadn't noticed Lilly yet. Holly pulled down her panties, or so she thought, and sat on the toilet. In truth, she had only pulled down the waistband of her nightclothes. Her panties were still on. Not knowing this, Holly started to relieve her bladder.

Lilly gasped when she saw Holly enter. She tried to hide behind the frosted glass but if she did she'd no longer be over the drain so her overflowing nappy would flow onto the floor quite noisily.

"Please don't see me, please don't see me." Lilly quietly said to herself as she empted the remainder of her bladder's contents into the nappy. "I knew this was a bad idea." Lilly groaned to herself.

Feeling herself, being shaken gently Kara slowly started to open her eyes. "Hmmm" Kara said softly as more warm fluids leaked out of her panties and onto the bed. It took a few minutes for Kara to fully awaken as her vision got better. She looked over at Haley then felt a warm wetness between her legs.

"Wha.. What, no, no" Kara said as she now knew what she was doing looking down she saw. A large puddle forming between her legs. Memories of a time at boarding school when Kara had wet the bed flashed through her mind.

"Not, again" Kara whimpered.

As she tried to use her weak insides to stop the flow. But was unable to do so, as more of her fluids leake dout on the bed.

Hiss.

Kara's pee went as her soaked panties got no longer hold back the flood.

Haley smiled at Kara. She then started to move around herself. "Gotta pee." She mumbled. "Can I?" She asked Kara as she pushed onto her own nappy causing it to crinkle a little and a small measure of warm yellow fluid to leak out. "Don't think I can..." Haley mumbled as her eyes got heavier and she fell back to sleep. A few seconds later, another hissing sound could be heard along with a crinkling noise.

Holly, still being half asleep, was now voluntarily urinating through her panties into the toilet.

"Warm..." Holly said as she urinated full force. "Kinda nice."

Lilly had, by now, finished her own release of fluids. Now all she had to do was dispose of the nappy. She crouched over the drain and started to undo her nappy. A loud crashing sound could be heard for a split second as all of the fluids flooded in the nappy gushed out as she removed it.

"Crap!" She cried out as she tried to lessen the noise. "I wasn't expecting that."

Kara, was still looking between her legs at the pee leaking out of her body. She looked over at Haley "yes you can" She said. She heard the hissing and crinkling sound coming from Haley. She felt embarrassed too embarrassed to get out of bed and get changed. Seeing as how both Holly and Lilly were out of the room. Kara didn't want to move for fear of them either hearing it or seeing her wet panties.

Reaching over Kara, pulled back one of the covers to cover herself up again, The warm pee from between her legs soaked into the bed cover.

"Just like my first night at boarding school" Kara thought.

As she tried to fall back asleep she turned on her side and pulled Haley close to her.

Haley was back in the Dream Door room. There were no lights lit.

"How boring." Haley said to herself. Should she give up on dream surfing and let herself sleep or should she wait a little while and invade Lilly's dream when Lilly fell asleep.

Choices, choices.

"Getting...sleepy..." Holly mumbled as she finished up emptying her bladder. She then closed her eyes and fell asleep.

One dream door was now lit. Holly's.

"How am I going to deal with this?" Lilly asked herself. "How am I going to explain this? What would they think of me?" She sighed. "No point worrying about what's happened. I'd better get cleaned up and back to bed." Lilly took off the nappy and let it fall to the floor. She couldn't be asked to do anything with it at the moment. "First sleepover I've ever been to and I'm too scared to sleep, I've just voluntarily wet myself in a child's nappy, I've wet myself from scary stories and I peed in a child's potty! Just great!" Lilly said to herself as she wiped herself down with some wet wipes and dried herself off. She went back into the main bedroom after switching off the bathroom light, picked up her panties off the floor and went to her sleeping bag. She then tried her best to get to sleep.

Kara had finally finished wetting the bed. As she still held Haley in her arms she pulled her tighter against her body, Feeling the warmth of her body and wet nappy against her skin. Kara fell fast asleep she started to dream again.

Finding herself back in her favourite dream of the one where Lilly was rubbing herself way in the classroom. Her dream self watched Lilly and floated over to her, In her dream she reached out with both hands and started rubbing Lilly's crotch through her panties.

"Here, let me help" Kara offered.

Lilly moaned softly as she felt Kara's fingers tocuh her special area.

"P-Please stop" Lilly begged.

Another door lit up. Kara's.

Lilly was turning in her sleeping bag at what had just happened. She thought long and hard about a plausible explanation for the whole nappy affair. She'd blame it on Haley's sleep walking. That should work.

Content with her choice, Lilly managed to fall asleep.

A third door lit up. Lilly's

The fourth door now lit up. Haley's own dream.

Dream Haley saw all the doors light up. She sensed the presences behind each one and tried to enter Kara's again. They could finally have some fun with Lilly if they wanted to.

She tried Kara's door.

Would it let her in?

Dream Kara was still rubbing her fingers across Lilly's peach.

"No, I'm going to make you wet yourself" Dream Kara said,

She pushed inwards with her fingers pushing Lilly's black silk panties into her peach. Lilly whimpered and begged for Kara to stop.

"P-Please, stop" Lilly begged,

Kara shook her head. As she gently rubbed up and down the length of Lilly's peach.

Her dream door started to open.

Dream Haley saw the door open and entered back into the room where they were before. The classroom with Lilly in. Dream Haley spied Dream Kara teasing the desperate Lilly. She chuckled to herself as she used a little of her magic to influence the dream. She created a small decorative water fountain on the desk in front of Lilly. The fountain gently trickled away.

Dream Haley fully entered the room and she walked over to Dream Kara. Both her hands were raised and she was about to pounce when Dream Kara had finished her little fun.

Dream Kara had not yet know that Haley had entered her dream she was to busy having fun with Lilly. A fountain had suddenly appeared in the room which seem strange. Lilly moaned and begged Kara to stop again but she wasn't listening. She just kept rubbing Lilly's mound and started to feel her fluids leak onto her hand. Lilly seemed now to be fully wetting herself before Dream Kara.

She moved back and watched the show.

"Tiger pounce!" Dream Haley shouted as she jumped forward and groped Dream Kara's breasts again. "Did you miss me?"

Dream Haley then remembered her true reason for coming into the dream.

"Lilly's asleep now so I can try to access her dream for us to have fun." Dream Haley explained. She then looked over at the Lilly in the chair, who seemed to be flooding her panties. "Seems like you beat me to the punch." Dream Haley joked.

Dream Kara felt a pair of familiar hands grab her breasts again and started to grope them.

"Kyaa" Kara moaned.

"I-I did miss you" Kara moaned out as she listened to Haley speak.

"Could we really?" Kara asked. Blushing bright red as she watched Lilly flooding her panties.

"But, this is my fantasy" Kara mentioned.

Dream Haley stopped her groping as she moved to the side of Dream Kara.

"We can. All I need is your cloaking and wind control and we can do what we please in her dream. If you hold my hand while we're in here, you can directly influence dreams as well." Dream Haley explained to Dream Kara. "Shall we go?"

Dream Haley then took one last look at the wetting Lilly and then went over to the entrance which she came through.

Dream Kara moaned when Dream Haley stopped with her groping.

"Okay, then let's get started" Dream Kara said. She used her magic to create a cloaking field around the pair so that they wouldn't be seen. She walked over and took Dream Haley's hand. "Um, I really like you" Dream Kara said with a blush on her cheeks.

She looked one last time at Lilly and followed Haley out of her dream and they stood before some dream doors.

"I like you, too, Kara." Haley smiled back not quite getting what form of 'like' Kara may have meant.

Inside the circle of doors, Haley walked towards the one which she could feel Lilly's presence behind. She pushed the door open with the help of Kara's magic and entered Lilly's dream.

They arrived in a small room which looked like a medieval dungeon. Chains hung on the walls and manacles could be seen around the room. Lilly was nowhere to be seen at first. Haley took a more observant look around.

The dungeon was a typical dungeon with little to no light coming it. It was illuminated solely by the white torches on the walls. An iron maiden sat in a corner. It was not a typical iron maiden, mind. Instead of having spikes inside it had lots of little feathers attached to mechanisms that, when the handle on the outside was turned, would cause the feathers to start to move in small circles, potentially tickling the person inside the Iron Maiden.

On one wall, there were three sets of fluffy manacles. The stocks in the centre of the room was also made out of some form of fluffy feathery material. Beneath one set of fluffy manacles, which were hanging up in the centre of the room, lay a small drain. The manacles were a good way into the air. Haley concluded that, if a person who was Lilly's height were to hang from them, they'd be hovering just above the drain. Mechanisms seemed to be on the walls to the four sides of the centre piece. They looked similar to the mechanism in the iron maiden but Haley could not see any from of feathery implement. She thought that they were hidden in the walls.

Haley thought she could hear some form of running water coming from a section of the room. She looked towards the noise and found a small river flowing through the ground next to a set of fluffy stocks.

"Creepy place." Dream Haley commented as she shivered. "I would have never thought of Lilly to be like this."

Haley then thought she heard the sound of a pleasured scream. It sounded like Lilly. She headed towards the noise and arrived in an adjoining room. This room was smaller and it had a single chair in the centre and a running tap on each wall. Lilly was tied to the chair and a girl, who looked like Kara, was seemingly using some kind of device on Lilly. Lilly seemed to be enjoying it.

"I'll make you squeal like the pig you are!" The other Kara taunted Lilly.

"If it's for you I'd be happy to!" Lilly replied. "Punish me more for wetting myself without your permission."

Dream Haley just started in a mixture of shock, horror and awe.

"You'd better see this." She shouted back to Dream Kara. "Seems some chick who looks like you has beaten you to it."

Kara followed Haley through the doors that led into Lilly's dream. She was surprised at what she saw. It appeared to be some sort of dungeon yet looking around at it. She saw the Iron Maiden with it's feathers for tickling. She then saw the river that ran through the room hearing the sound of running water. Kara also saw the fluffy manacles located on the walls and one appeared to have a drain over it. Following behind Dream Haley Dream Kara was speechless.

"Um, Lilly likes this stuff?" Kara asked.

She followed behind Dream Haley. who seemed to go on ahead into another room. Dream Kara just looked around the dungeon.

"This is strange?" Dream Kara thought,

Kara then heard what sound like a scream she ignored it at first then heard Haley call. Out that she needed to see something.

Kara followed the sound of Haley's voice and entered the adjoining room. What she saw shocked her and flooded her panties with her juices. Dream Kara's clothes had changed into the outfit of what Lilly had been wearing in her dream.

Dream Kara, then saw the image of herself standing next to Lilly. She seemed to be using some kind of device on Lilly. Who was tied to a chair in the center of the room.

"She, thinks of me doing this to her?" Dream Kara asked. As more juices flooded her black silk panties.

Haley just stared in shock at the events unfolding in front of her.

"I want to look away but I just can't..." She said to Dream Kara.

Haley's staring revealed a little more about the situation which this strange duo were in. Lilly, who was tied to the chair, seemed to be wearing some form of leather bikini which only just covered what it needed to. Upon closer examination, the bikini bottoms weren't made of leather. What she was wearing was some kind of chastity belt with some form of electrical mechanism on the front. The chastity belt was locked into place and could only be opened by the key which was on the keyring in Dominatrix Kara's pocket. Lilly was squirming around wildly on her chair.

"I don't hear you squealing!" The Dominatrix Kara shouted to Lilly. "How about I do it again?!" The Dominatrix Kara then pressed the button on the device in her hand and Lilly's chastity belt seemed to pulse with electricity. The shock of it, Haley concluded, would likely cause no harm but it would still affect the electromagnetic pulses in the body around that area.

Lilly then moaned in please as the electricity coursed through her body. Haley then heard a hissing sound. She looked over at Lilly, who was now wetting herself in the chastity belt, which caused the electrical current to be magnified and speed up the process.

"You pitiful pig!" Dominatrix Kara shouted to Lilly. "Did I say you could wet yourself?! Well, DID I?!" Dominatrix Kara then raised her right leg and pushed her foot into Lilly's abdomen. Lilly just moaned in pleasure more at this.

"No you didn't." Lilly answered. "I'm sorry. Please, cook me like the pig I am!" Lilly answered. She seemed to really love this.

"No amount of counselling with ever make me unsee what I have seen..." Haley quietly said as she stared at what was going on. "My half-sister is...a perverted masochist." Haley just continued staring at the BDSM pair in front of her.

Back in the real world, Lilly was moaning in her sleep and a slight hissing sound could be heard coming from her Sleeping Bag.

Dream Kara was speechless as she watched Lilly and Dominatrix Kara have their fun. Dream Kara could only watch as more of her juices flooded her panties. Her panties were now soaked with her love juices her tender lips were opening and Dream Kara reached down and started. To gently rub her fingers up and down the length of her peach.

"L-Lilly" Dream Kara moaned.

Dream Kara was loving what she was seeing she wanted to. Go over to Lilly and touch her breasts, run her fingers through her pubic hair and touch her treasure. Slowling slipping her fingers inside Lilly she would love to make her wet herself by teasing her urethra.

Dream Kara still listened to what was said her rubbing speed increased,

"I-I want to do that to her" Dream Kara moaned she started to move closer to Lilly and her other self. She stopped a few feet away Dream Kara's skirt was around her waist her right hand buried in her panties rubbing away like crazy at her special place.

"L..L..Lilly" Dream Kara kept repeating over and over,

Back in the real world. Kara had slipped her hand inside her panties and was busy rubbing away at herself.

"Well, I'll leave the whackos to their fun." Haley said as she managed to turn around. "I've seriously gotta talk to Lilly about this." She quietly said to herself as she walked back into the sex dungeon's main den of pervertedness.

Haley didn't bother looking back to see if Kara was following her. She just wanted to get out as soon as possible. She'd never be able to look at Lilly the same way again.

"You coming?" She shouted back to Kara as she reached the door. "I'm gonna need you to help me invade Holly's dream. Hopefully her innocence would help cleanse my mind of this place." Haley said with a shudder.

Back in the real world, Lilly had now fully soaked her sleeping bag. She had unknowingly wet the bed while dreaming about what she was. Her hand had moved down to her crotch and pushed aside her soaking panties and she seemed to be rubbing at her treasure and inserting her fingers into it.

Kara was still busy rubbing away at herself as she watched the couple have their fun together. While rubbing away at herself she looked at her other self. She began to wonder if she could fill that role. She was in Lilly's dream after all and Lilly didn't know she was there at all.

Kara didn't know that Haley had left her alone but she heard her shout out to her,

"Um, I'm going to stay here actually I'd like to have some fun with Lilly alone" Kara shouted back. She truly did want to see what Holly's dreams were like but that could wait for another time.

Kara stared down at Lilly she stopped rubbing herself and decided first she wanted to change Lilly's clothes. She used her magic to create a new outfit for Lilly to wear.Lilly was now wearing a school uniform that features a satin blouse which buttons at the front. With loose-fitting sleeves which are pleated at the shoulder to give her a puff ball effect, and with a semi-wide cuff which is also pleated to give the sleeve a beautiful look. The satin school uniform dress is cut low at the front with buckles for which shoulder straps are put through and adjusted for a perfect comfortable fit, and has a zip at the rear.

The uniform's short skirt has set deep pleats that give the skirt a wonderful swish when Lilly would walk, and the perfect length to show a glimpse of her panties. The satin sash wraps around Lilly's waist to give the uniform a stunning shape and look.On both legs Lilly wore a school girl suspender belt. Elasticated waist and double lined in satin, trimmed in lace and with a satin bow at the center. It is beautifully shaped with contrasting lace at the hem and adjustable suspender belts to keep Lilly's stockings in place.

For panties Lilly was wearing school girl panties. Double lined in satin so that wonderful smooth silky feel that's on the outside she would feel against her bare skin. Elasticated waist with a satin lace at the center. Trimmed at the waist and leg openings with stunning lace.

She looked over at her other self and began to again use her magic. To make her vanish the other Kara was still there but Lilly wouldn't notice it she'd only know of Dream Kara filling the role.

"You've been a bad girl haven't you I bet you need to really pee again right?" Kara teased.

"Knock yourself out." Haley shouted back. She used a little of her magic to ensure that Kara stayed in the dream for a little while longer. In dream time, she'd be able to stay for a good thirty minutes, which should, in real time, lead into the morning to around nine o'clock. Haley then took off out of the dream and back into the door room where she chose her own dream door. Her outfit turned back to her sleeping wear and she entered the door into her own dream.

Dream Lilly noticed the change in her clothes.

"We doing some role-play now? Is it naughty student/strict teacher?" Lilly asked.

"No, but I'm sure you'll see to that." Lilly answered as she felt the last of her previous burst trickle down her legs.

Back in the real world, Real Lilly was starting to toss and turn in her sleep.

"Thank you" Kara shouted back. She was finally alone with Lilly just what she wanted. She liked the way Lilly was dressed and walked over to her.

"Yes we can role-play, And yes it is that wat but first I should untie you" Kara says. She walked behind Lilly and unties her letting her be free.

"Now, you've been a naughty girl Lilly always getting bad grades on your assignments. Yet you've also wet yourself three times in my class!" Kara shouted as she blushed but grabbed Lilly and pulled her to her feet she pushed Lilly forward towards her desk. Until Lilly bumped into it.

"But on a side note it's time for your punishment as for the rest of the day your toilet needs are all gone" Kara told her.

"So what?" The defiant Schoolgirl Lilly answered. "What are you going to do about it?"

Kara's punishment: Toilet privileges denied.

"Is that all?" Lilly asked with a slight laugh. "That's nothing. Can't you think of any better?"

Lilly was now a dominatrix through her naughty student role, Kara would have to knock her down if she wanted a subdued Lilly.

"You will see" Teacher Kara answered she again pushed Lilly forward She grabbed Lilly and turned her around pushing her down on her desk. Grabbing both her hand Kara brought them forward and looked them in some feather manacles. Meaning Lilly couldn't free her arms next she pushed Lilly's legs apart and locked her feet in some feather manacles as well.

"It's time you paid for what you have done" Kara yelled. She walked forward behind Lilly. Kara promptly pushed the Lilly's skirt up over the girls waist, tucking some of the material into her waistband. Her pretty bottom displayed a small pair of double satin lace panties. Kara knelt behind her. Taking hold of the flimsy lace she slowly pulled the panties, making the Lilly open her legs as she eased them down.

Kara slid her other hand over Lilly's bottom her fingers trailing through the crease between her buttocks and finding the sensitive lips of sex. Slowly she teased them with light caresses running her nails through the fine hairs of her pubes. Kara pressed two of her fingers together, stealthily she pushed them up inside Lilly the vagina already moist, allowing her fingers to slide in easily. Kara cleverly manipulated her fingers.

"Well, I liked the old Kotori better!" Yuki answered. "I don't like this current Kotori. You scare me! You're perverted!"

Kotori left the toilet and headed up to get into her outfit.

"Why has she become like this?" Yuki asked herself as tears formed at the corners of her eyes. She then left the toilet and headed up to her room.

Outside her room, she saw Kotori in her maid outfit. If Yuki wasn't so depressed right now, she might have thought that the outfit looked cute and suited Kotori well. She went over to her door and stood in front of it.

"You're not needed in my room at the moment. It's tidy and I'm about to go to bed." Yuki told Kotori. "Just..."

Before Kotori had left the bathroom she remembered what Yuki had said to her. This caused her to cry when she had reached her room alone.

"She hates me" Kotori thought.

Once she was standing outside Yuki's room she watched as she returned and told her she wasn't needed.

"I'm sorry, Miss but I have to make sure you go to the toilet and put on you nappy before bed" Kotori said.

It seemed that Yuki was about to say something else.

"Um, Yuki I'm sorry about earlier" Kotori told her.

"So you're going to cuff me? Hah! The cuffs don't even hurt!" Defiant Lilly taunted. "What are you going to do to me next? Poke me with a stick?"

"Really?! Is that all you've got?" Lilly answered in response to the removal of clothing. "I could do so much worse to you if my hands were free."

Kara was then running her nails through the tiny strands of hair which made up Lilly's pubes. Lilly felt something enter her vagina. She let out a slight moan of pleasure before returning to her defiant role.

"Come on! You're boring me! Where's this punishment you said you'd give me?" Defiant Lilly challenged.

Kara was still busy running her fingers over Lilly's pubes. She kept up fingering Lilly and then slipped her middle finger inside of Lilly's urethra. And pushed in hard with said finger and begining to dig around inside before taking it out. "You'll see" Kara answered.

She walked behind the desk and opened a draw inside she pulled out two small egg virbators that were pink in color. Walking back she placed the first egg right inside of Lilly's uretha and attacted the device to her left stocking leg followed by placing the second on inside of Lilly's peach. And attached the other to her right leg.

Kara then turned on both devices and a low humming sound was heard as the eggs went to work on Lilly's insides. Kara then went back to her desk and searched in another drawer she then found a small pill which was a diuretic.

"No, but first let's fill up your bladder" Kara says she walks over and forcefully opens Lilly's mouth. She pops in the pill and makes Lilly swallow it. "In about ten minutes you'll bladder will be full and bursting." Kara said as she turned up the speed of the egg vibrators.

"Now two more things" Kara added.

Using some magic Kara created four large fountains that took up postions around the room. There water was running all the time. Two fountains were sitting right in front of Lilly right behind Kara's desk.

Lastly Kara pulled out a large wooden paddle. She brought it over to Lilly's behind and slapped her ass with all her strength.

Defiant Lilly saw Kara go and get some egg vibrators. Defiant Lilly smirked and let out a soft laugh.

"Vibrators feel good. How are they a punishment?!" Defiant Lilly taunted. "I often set my phone on vibrate and let it go about its work in my panties. It's in a case so it won't be damaged by my feel-good juices!"

Once the vibrators were turned on, Defiant Lilly revelled in the pleasure they brought her.

"This is no punishment!" Defiant Lilly stated. "This is fucking pure pleasure! Have you never punished someone in you life, you shitty excuse for a teacher?!"

She saw Kara take out a small pill. Lilly was unsure what this was so she just went along with her normal behavioural pattern.

"How's that tiny thing meant to do that?" Defiant Lilly asked. "Just what fucking planet are you from?! To think that vibrators and tiny pills mixed in with kinky cuffs are punishment, it's a fucking joke!" Defiant Lilly laughed before the pill was shoved down her throat.

Kara created fountains and said they'd help speed it up.

"Fountains are therapeutic, not punishment!" Defiant Lilly shouted back. She then started to squirm around a little in her chair. It seemed the fountains were speeding up the effects of the pill Kara gave her. She lapsed a little when Kara brought out the wooden paddle before returning to her defiant role.

"The fuck you think you're doing, you crazy bitch?!" Lilly shouted back as the paddle slapped across her backside. She let out a cry of pain. "Since when did paddles enter this?!"

Kara listened to what Lilly had to say. "They will help with making you need to pee" Kara stated.

When Lilly called her a shitty excause for a teacher Kara went up to her and slapped her hard across the face.

"How dare you say that you fucking cunt!" Kara yelled.

"Not hear they are not this will make you think of nothing but needing to pee" Kara yelled at her. She then brought the paddle down again and again on Lilly's backside she pushed Lilly forward until she was fully laying on the desk. She then bought down the paddle hard on Lilly's peach. again and again she did this as hard as she could.

"This will teach you to shut the fuck up!" Kara snapped. She dropped the paddle and then went back to the desk and pulled out a larger wooden stick it the shape of bamboo she walked back behind Lilly and started to shove the end into Lilly's wet peach.

"More like need to gush with pleasure!" Defiant Lilly retaliated as a squirt of pleasure juices left her peach.

The slap to the face caused Lilly to falter a little. A small smile appeared on her face. She regained her defiant composure after a short second.

"Bitch!" Defiant Lilly shouted back. "How dare you slap my pretty face!"

The fountains were having their desired effect as Lilly's need for relief was further increasing. The paddle slap to her girlhood caused a small spurt of pleasure juices to escape along with a yelp from Lilly. The second slap from the paddle seemed to cause some pleasure juices tinged with yellow to escape. Could the diuretic work that fast?

"Never!" Defiant Lilly shouted angrily. "I'll never shut up! How about you shut the fuck up?!"

The bamboo stick caused Lilly to let out a slight moan of pleasure when it entered her vagina.

"Nice dildo you've got there! Is that the only one which can actually cause you're bucket to feel good?!" Defiant Lilly taunted.

Before she pushed the stick further into Lilly she again reached over and slapped Lilly had across the face again and again.

"You will learn your place bitch!!!" Kara roared.

She slapped Lilly harder then before. Then turned on the egg vibrators to full power It seemed that eight minutes had now passed between the time she had began her role. Kara knew that the pill would be having an affect on Lilly by now.

Quickly Kara went back to her desk and pulled out another pill and shoved it down Lilly's throat. "This pill works quicker than the first"Kara laughed at Lilly.

The stick in her hand seemed to change shape and become larger and now was made of metal. Kara shoved the tip into Lilly's pussy the metal pipe was now to big to fit inside of Lilly put Kara pushed it in further as it pushed it's way in.

"No, but this will hurt like hell though as I'm going to ram this up inside of you cunt!!" Kara yelled.

She pushed the metal pipe further and further into Lilly's peach she came into contact with Lilly's hymen.

'We have a virgin here?" Taunted Kara.

As she shoved the pipe upwards breaking through the small piece of skin.

The slaps caused a reaction in Lilly. Her face seemed to smile.

"Will I?!" Defiant Lilly answered. "I know my place and it's not where you want me!"

Eight minutes had passed since Lilly ingested the pill. Upon the last slap to her face, Lilly lost a huge spurt of her warm yellow fluids. All her defiance seemed to fade as she tried to move her hands down to her crotch. No luck. Legs? No luck.

"Let me go!" Submissive Lilly shouted, her defiance seemed to fade. "I've gotta pee! I'm gonna wet myself!" Lilly was now violently squirming around on the desk. She felt another pill enter her mouth. She spluttered a little and a large stream of her warm yellow fluids left her urethra. "Please! Let me go!" Lilly was practically begging while squirming now.

The bamboo stick in Lilly's vagina seemed to grow and become very cold. She cried out in pain as the pipe was forced into her small passageway.

"That hurts!" Lilly shouted out. It hurt but it felt good. She felt the pipe come into contact with her cherry. Kara seemed to enjoy this.

"Don't break that!" Lilly begged. "If you do, no one will want to marry me!"

She screamed in pain as the pipe burst through her hymen. Blood trickled out of her vagina, The blood was later joined by a torrent of warm yellow fluid from Lilly's urethra.

"Please..." Submissive Lilly cried. "Please..." Her face suddenly changed to a happy smile. "Punish me more! Make me scream! Make me cry out in pain!"

Kara began to pull the pipe out of Lilly's sore and bleeding vagina. She loved the way everything was going seeing Lilly beg and scream was actually a strange turn on for Kara.

"What did I tell you about wetting yourself you slut fucking cunt!" Demanded Kara. As she watched Lilly wet herself several times. The metal pipe seemed to change back into the bamboo stick. "Do, you think I give a shit about what you want or need?" Kara yelled.

She swung the bamboo stick super hard at Lilly's butt again she swung and then again. Kara did this several times before. Dropping the stick "I know what to do to you to put you in your place that ultimate shamming" Kara taunted. She pulled the egg vibrator out of Lilly's very wet peach.

In her free hand Kara magically made a small dildo that was pink in color. Yet this dildo had a special feature to it. Kara placed it before Lilly's peach and started to thrust it in and out of her. While slapping her ass with her other hand.

"This little device is going to get you pregnant, how does that sound your going to be pregnant cunt" Kara laughed evilly at Lilly, As she thrust the dildo in and out of Lilly. The dildo started to get very hot meaning it was going to shot it's load into Lilly very soon.

>>Scene Change<<

Soon the room began to change it became another classroom but it had two desks in the middle of the room. A large number of fountains were all over the place all around the room. At both desks two girl's sat one was Lilly and the other was Kara.

Lilly was dressed now in a dress, made in high sheen soft satin it features a stand up collar that is trimmed in lace and has a hand made rose bud and sweet fixed satin hanging bow at the front. It has huge bloused sleeves that are elasticated at the wrist with a matching rose bud and hanging bow, and with a deep flared cuff that is trimmed beautiful lace. The bodice is figure-hugging and has a rear zip to keep her in place, with two metal rings in the fabric to allow a small padlock to be applied. The short naughty full skirt is trimmed in lace and with a deep pleated satin frill at the hem.

Her matching petticoat is a dream of its own - made from netting and glass-silk and has an elasticated waist for a perfect fit. She also has metal rings on either side of the waist with a satin lace Under the dress Lilly wore a pair of french cut white frilly panties.

Kara however was weariing a uniform that features a cute peter pan collar, that has a dainty fixed bow at the front, and is also trimmed with lace. With beautiful puff-sleeves, edged with lace, it's features contrasting matching satin along the top of the uniform that is also edged in ruffled lace above the bust line; and also around the back of the shoulders. The waist of the skirt is elasticated and short enough to offer a glimpse of panties and stocking tops when Kara bends over. Her panties were satin and are are double-sided in satin! With an elasticated waist and legs surrounded in beautiful pink lace, and with a bow to finish the look.

On the large black board in gaint letters read.

"Sex Education"

All of Kara's insults and physical violence was causing Lilly to get very wet.

"I'm your slut! Rape me, break me, abuse me until my body can't take any more!" Lilly shouted back to Kara. "Make me feel like shit!"

With each slap of the bamboo stick, Lilly screamed in pleasure and her peach squirted out load after load of slimy fluid.

"More! More!" Lilly moaned to Kara's taunt. She was laughing in joy while Kara created the dildo. She cried out in pure bliss as the dildo was thrust in and out of her soaking wet vagina. Lilly felt the dildo get very hot.

"Make me pregnant!" Lily cried out as the dildo blew its load into Lilly's vagina.

Just as Lilly felt the warm sticky fluids of the dildo enter her vagina, she was transported to another classroom.

>>Scene Change<<

The classroom seemed to be a sex education class for just Lilly and Kara. Lilly quickly surveyed the room. It was a basic classroom with the most basic of appliances, save for the numerous fountains.

Lilly squirmed in her seat at the sound of the fountains. She looked over at Kara to see if she was being affected by the fountains as well.

Kara looked around the room, She saw the many different types of fountains and and noticed the writing on the black board. The basic school supplies were located around the room. As her gaze traveled over them. She looked over and spotted Lilly who after the beating and the pleasureable time they had moments ago. Was back to her normal look. Yet she seemed to be squirming around.

Blushing, she watched as Lilly squirmed a warm feeling began to form. Between Kara's legs as she watched licking her lips slowly. It seemed that Kara would start to squirm around as well and that's what she did.

She began to bounce and fidget in her seat. The water from the fountains was beginning to get to her.

"She looks cute?" Kara thought. Still watching as Lilly squirmed around.

A shadowly figure walked into the room. Kara's gaze moved over away from Lilly as she saw. The figure walk into the room out of the corner of her eye. She couldn't make out just who the figure was but the appeared to be female from the way their figure looked.

The shadowy figure moved to the front of the room and then began to speak.

"Ah, Miss Kara would you pease come to the front of the room. Today class we are going to show what it's like for a girl to receive pleasure and Kara here will be that person who receive's said pleasure" The shadow said.

Blushing Kara slowly got up and walked towards the front of the room, She turned and faced the empty room save for Lilly.

Standing there Kara started to squirm on the spot.

"Lilly, dear would you like to help Kara receive this pleasure?" The shadow asked.

A shadowed figure seemed to come into the room and explain something about the lesson's objectives. Lilly considered if she wanted to do what they said. Kara, who they called up to be the test subject, looked weak and cute to Lilly's eyes.

"Any restraints?" Lilly asked the shadow. "Anything which I can't do?"

Lilly got up off her chair and headed towards the front of the room. She sized up Kara and laughed at how much of a pushover she seemed to be.

"What do we have here?" Lilly asked with a laugh. "A pampered princess wannabe who's oblivious to what's about to happen?" She leaned towards Kara's face and flicked her nose. "How much can you take before I'll have you screaming for you parents?"

The shadowed figure took in what Lilly had to say.

"Do, whatever you wish, just don't kill her but make her a ssex-crazied peeing child" The shadow answered.

Kara stood in front of the room she heard what the shadow-figure had just told Lilly.

"No, please anything but that!" Kara begged.

As memories of her time in boarding school came flooding back to her. She wasn't used sexually there but she was a little pee-whore always needing the toilet, always wetting herself.

Kara began to feel scared as she thought of these things. She then felt Lilly flick her nose and she returned to the present time.

"p-Please don't hurt me?" Kara asked. She listened to what else Lilly had to say.

Backing against the front desk.

"I-I'm not pampered" Kara answered she looked into Lilly's eyes a look of fear in her own. "I'm not sure" She added.

The thought of being able to do whatever she wished really got Lilly going. A sadistic smile was now on her face as she slowly walked towards the retreating Kara.

"So, I've gotta turn you into a sex-crazed pee-whore have I?" Lily rhetorically asked. "This should be a breeze."

Lilly looked around the classroom to find what might be useful. She found a long ruler and a pointing stick. She picked up these two items and placed them on the desk for now.

"Quit cowering and come out, you snivelling little bitch!" She shouted to Kara. "How can I do anything if you're so much of a coward?!" Lilly then laughed as a thought entered her mind. "My work might be easier than I thought it would be. You look just about ready to piss your panties without me even doing anything!"

Lilly's bladder started to act up from the sound of the fountains as well. She fidgeted around on the spot.

"Oh, there's also some items you may like to use they are located in the front desk drawer" The shadow told Lilly.

Seeing the sadistic smile and Lilly's face Kara felt scared and afraid. She tried to back up again but couldn't

"L-leave me alone" Kara shouted. But stopped when she saw Lilly with the ruler in hand.

Then listening to what was said Kara sqiurmed on the spot.

"I-I'm not a coward, and I don't need to pee" Kara said back.

It was far from the truth her fear of what Lilly would do to her could her bladder to rapidly fill. But also she got a warm wet feeling between her legs as she was started to get wet.

"If you won't move, then I'll move you!" Lilly shouted to Kara as she grabbed her by the wrist and practically threw her back into the room. "Do what I tell you to when I tell you to!"

Lilly picked up the ruler from the desk and hit Kara hard across her rear with the ruler. A loud smacking sound echoed around the room when the ruler made contact with Kara's rear.

Remembering the suggestions from the Shadow-Teacher, Lilly looked in the top drawer.

"I wonder what's in here?" She asked as she opened the drawer up.

"No-No let go" Kara shouted she tried to fight off Lilly's grip when she was grabbed. And thrown back into the room. She felt the ruler smacking her behind.

Kara cried out in pain as she hit the side of a desk, She felt a tiny bit of pee leak out into her panties. Then quickly jammed both hand down between her legs. The back of her skirt flashed up showing her pantied-covered behind to Lilly.

"Don;t come near me you bitch" Kara snapped back trying to sound tuff but failing.

"This little pill looks nice." Lilly laughed to herself as she took out tow diuretics. She swallowed one herself and the went back over to Kara.

"Think you're tough, huh?!" Lilly laughed. "Save me the display, bitch! Eat this and shut the fuck up!" Lilly shouted to Kara as she forced open her mouth and shoved the diuretic inside. She then held Kara's mouth closed until she swallowed the pill.

The diuretic which Lilly took was starting to take effect as well. She felt her own need for a toilet rise. She pushed Kara to the floor and held her down with her foot.

"Open your mouth, bitch, I'm about to wash that pill down!" Lilly shouted to Kara as she pushed her own panties aside and started to urinate all over Kara's face.

"Drink it all up! If I see you waste a single drop I'll kick you hard!" Lilly demanded.

Kara backed away again from Lilly with fear in her eyes. She cowered when Lilly shouted at her but she started to throw a punch. But felt Lilly grab her and force a pill down her throat.

She tried to spit it out but felt Lilly had forced her mouth open at first and then held it closed. Kara swallowed the pill and soon started to feel the effects. As her bladder began to fill up more.

She was shoved to the ground and was held in place by Lilly's foot. Before she felt urine splash onto her face. Strangely Kara did as she was told and opened her mouth letting the urine fill it. She then started to drink it down.

"That's it, drink every last drop, you waste of a sentient being!" Lilly taunted Kara. Lilly's stream died down after around 30 seconds. She then crouched over Kara, her clitoris just above Kara's face.

"Now, lick me dry like the bitch you are!" Lilly demanded. "I wanna feel good!"

Kara swallowed all of Lilly's pee but left a tiny bit in her mouth. And spit it back up at Lilly "T-Take that bitch" Kara shouted back.

Yet when Lilly moved her clit in front of her face. Kara attacked it with force. Licking it with her tongue and then sucking on it.

She released some of her pee again int her panties flooding them with her fluids.

"What did I tell you?!" Lilly shouted down to Kara, who spat up some of Lilly's urine. She then lifted her foot and slammed it hard into Kara's abdomen. "How dare you!" Another slam into the abdomen. "You piece of shit!"

Back to the cunnilingus.

"Lick away!" Lilly shouted. "Shit, you're actually pretty good."

Lilly felt a climax coming.

"Drink it all!" She demanded as she climaxed all over Kara. Warm, clear, slimy fluid gushed out of Lilly straight onto Kara's teasing tongue.

"Aaah s-stop" Kara coughed out. As she felt Lilly foot slam down into her. She felt a gaint torrent of pee flood her soaking panties wetting her skirt in the process.

Blushing Kara attacked Lilly's pussy with more force.

Running her tongue all over Lilly's peach she even stuck it inside of Lilly. Before she felt Lilly climax she licked up and swallowed all of Lilly's pleasure juices.

Kara tried to bring Lilly down by grabbing her legs she brought up her mouth and clamped it down on Lilly peach. Sucking on it greedly.

"Who said you could pee?!" Lilly shouted at Kara. "You're a useless bitch if you can't even do as you're told!"

Gushing with pleasure, Lilly moaned out.

"Lick more! I wanna feel great!"

Another gush of pleasure juices burst out of Lilly's clitoris to drench Kara's face. She felt Kara pull on her leg and she lowered her body in response.

Kara pulled back her mouth from Lilly's peach as a gush of pleasure juices drench her face. "No one Mistress, please punish me, fuck me, fuck me, make me pee" Kara begged.

Kara went back to lapping Lilly's peach with her tongue running it along the length, Before plunging it inside of her, She then flicked her tongue over Lilly's clitoris and bite on it gently with her teeth,

The shadow watching the events walked over to Lilly.

"She's nearly ready fuck her"

"Pass the double dildo then." Lilly told the shadow, who complied.

Lilly looked back down at Kara.

"You've been a good bitch so far. Here's your reward." Lilly said to Kara as she pulled aside her panties and thrust one end of the dildo into her. "You get to fuck me. That's your reward." Lilly added as she inserted the other end into herself. "Shit, this feels good!"

Lilly proceeded to move her waist back and forth as she stimulated the dildo inside herself.

A small shattering sound could be heard and the scene of the dream seemed to waver a little. A huge change came over Lilly.

Lilly looked around the room.

"Why am I here? Is this a classroom?" Lilly then looked at her outstretched arms. "Why am I on the floor?" She then looked over at Kara and jumped a little. "Kara? Why am I dreaming about Kara?" Lilly then felt the dildo between her lips. She screamed and quickly pulled it out. "What's going on?!"

The dream wavered again before finally being sucked into blackness.

Lilly awoke with a start at the sound of her phone's alarm.

"What a weird dream..." She said to herself as she started to rub the sleep out of her eyes. She then felt a little cold around her crotch. "Did I forget to put my panties back on?" She asked herself quietly. The coldness was not all she felt.

It was wet coldness.

Lilly let out a small scream.

"Did I? Have I? Oh no!" Lilly exclaimed.

Kara was still busy lapping away at Lilly's peach she pulled back when she heard what Lilly said. She moaned and screamed in fear when she felt the dildo being pushed into her.

"N-No, please don't I don't wanna lose my virginity" Kara moaned out.

She felt as the dildo was thrust in and out of her. As it moved closer to her hyman Kara moaned in fear again. Yet she then heard a small shattering sound and the dream started to waver. She then felt herself being yanked from the dream.

"No, no please not now" Kara shouted. As she was suddenly forced away by the sound. Of her alarm clock going off. Opening her eyes Kara felt a cold wetness between her legs. Looking down she saw that her bed sheets were soaked through with warm but rather cold pee. She also saw that she had her hand in her crotch.

Pulling it out she heard a small scream come over from Lilly.

Haley felt the movements coming from Kara and she groggily opened her eyes.

"Morning?" Haley mumbled. She felt the familiar feeling of a soaked nappy around her crotch and she also felt the cold wetness of the bed she was in. "Again..." She added on when she thought that the wetness of the bed came from her overflowing nappy.

Holly yawned as she started to open her eyes. She was about to do the regular motion of pulling bed clothes off herself when she noticed that there were none.

"Huh?" Holly questioned as she started to rub the sleep out of her eyes. She then let out a startled cry as she noticed that she was sitting on the toilet in soaking wet panties. "What did I...?" She then hastily jumped off the toilet and quickly pulled down her panties. "Has Haley infected me with her bedwetting?!" She asked herself.

Too late. Everyone was awake.

What would Lilly do now? Could she blame Haley? No, Haley was in Kara's bed for some reason. Holly? No, Holly wouldn't do something like that.

She had to take the fall.

She slowly pulled herself out of her sleeping bag and looked at her drenched panties.

"What will I do now?" She asked herself as tears started to form at the corners of her eyes.

Kara was now fully awake she had heard the small scream from Lilly earlier. She wiped her hand off on herself riding her hand of the clear fluids she looked at Haley. Who seemed to be finally waking up.

"Um, thank you for letting me stay in Lilly's dream" Kara whispered and kissed Haley lightly on the forehead. Carefully she got out of bed she wasn't sure how to really act around Lilly now. Seeing everything that she now knew and had done in her dream.

Walking over to the closet Kara decided to pick out some clothes for the day.

"Ah, girl's I know you guys didn't bring any extra clothes along other than the ones you were wearing yesterday for dinner. I'll let you barrow some of my own for today." Kara called out to them from in her closet.

She picked out a pink t-shirt with small blue stars across them, a short yellow skirt and a pair of sky blue panties. Taking the clothes Kara made her over to the bathroom which was empty. Walking inside she took a towel and cleaned herself down the best she could before drying herself off and putting on her new clothes.

She then walked out of the room and went to her bed to start to change the sheets.

Haley smiled when Kara kissed her on the forehead. She then started to climb out of the soaked bed. Once out, she took one quick look at Lilly, who seemed to be standing in a soaking wet nightdress, and then started to head to the bathroom to clean herself up.

Wait.

Lilly was standing, in a soaking wet nightdress? Could she have? Really? Too good to be true. First, Lilly had voluntarily wet herself in a nappy, second, she had now wet the bed. Could this day get any better? Haley loved how this was turning out.

Holly, flustered from her realisation, had by now managed to take off her panties and clean herself down. She then took the walk of shame, dripping wet panties in hand, back into the main bedroom. She was about to tell Lilly of her supposed accident when she saw Lilly in a practically mirrored state. Lilly also had a soaking wet nightdress and panties. Had she done it too? Kara's bed also seemed to be soaked. Did they all do it?

Strange...

Lilly was about to get herself cleaned up when she saw Kara enter the bathroom before her. Kara also seemed to have had a nocturnal accident. Lilly decided to wait until Kara was finished before she went to clean herself up with Haley.

"12 years old an I'm wetting the bed..." Lilly sobbed out. "I'm nearly a teenager yet I'm doing something which a child'd do."

She felt Holly's tiny hand pull at the edge of her wet Nightdress. She looked down and saw Holly holding a dripping wet pair of panties. Had she also done it? Had they all done it? Seems like she'll get to clean up both Holly and Haley along with herself.

After she saw Haley had moved out of her bed. She gathered up her wet bed sheets then carried them over to the clothe hamper. Placing them all inside along with her wet night clothes she heard Lilly start to sob.

Walking over to her she gently hugged Lilly for a few seconds before taking her hand.

"It;s ok Lilly, we all have accidents it's just a normal part of life please cheer up I don't want to see such a pretty face sad" Kaa replied.

Letting go of Lilly she looked at both twins.

"You guys better go get cleaned up and changed we have a big day planned ahead"

"It's not so bad." Haley added on after Kara. "It means that you get to have a slightly longer shower and a shorter trip to the toilet."

Holly was about to ask a rather silly question when she was pulled along into the bathroom by Haley.

"Let's all bathe together!" Haley beamed.

Lilly picked herself up off the floor and followed the pair into the bathroom, where she started to take off her clothes, after shutting the door behind her, and quickly took the soaked nappy from the night before out of the shower area and hid it behind her sodden clothes while the twins were taking off their wet nightclothes. She'll deal with the nappy later.

Now the best part of this whole chain of bad events.

Lilly loved taking the opportunity to bathe with the twins. She loved to help them wash themselves down. She loved the chance to touch them intimately without them asking about it. She took every chance she could to rub her hands over their small chests and tiny mounds. She felt herself start to feel excited when it came to washing off the soap so she could see their tiny nipples and crevasses in all their glory. Once the bath was over, Lilly also helped them dry themselves off, taking as much time as she was allowed around their intimate regions.

Once they were all finished, Lilly and the twins left the bathroom wrapped in their towels. They then headed over to the closet to pick out some clothes.

Kara had finally changed the sheets on her bed to brand new ones and sat down. She would have liked to have joined Lilly and the twins for a morning shower. But still wasn't quite to sure on how to handle recent events. She really wanted some alone time with Lilly again hoping that maybe she could get some later that day.

"Maybe I can start this whole new relationship with her I can try and get her to wet herself like in the dream?" Kara thought.

Blushing as she thought of this. Feeling her small mound begin to get wet reaching down she cupped it woth her hand and started to rub it. Feeling rather excited herself she thought back to the dream again.

"Lilly" Kara moaned.

She slipped her hand into her panties but had to quickly stop when she heard the door open. Wiping her hand on her skirt she looked at all three girls wearing only towels. She seemed to stare longer at Lilly though.

"Um, Lilly could you please wear something short today like a really nice skirt?" Kara asked.

"W-why do you ask that?" Lilly replied with a nervous fidget.

"She seems to like you." Haley whispered to Lilly so only she could hear. Lilly just blushed in response.

The three went over to the closet and picked out some clothes.

Haley chose a small yellow summer dress with matching vest, panties and socks. Holly chose a blue and white checked dress, a blue vest, white ribbon panties and crisp white socks. Lilly chose a sky blue t-shirt, a blue and white checked mini skirt, going off Kara's suggestion, a plain white ribbon vest with matching panties and a light blue pair of socks. They all got changed, Lilly stealing looks to both of the twins' naked bodies, and went back into the main room.

"So, will we have breakfast first before out little fight or are we doing that right away?" Lilly asked. Her stomach made a slight growl at the mention of breakfast, to which Lilly blushed.

"Um, because I'd think you'd look sexy in one" Kara stammered out, She also thought of something else. 'Plus I hope to see your panties" Kara thought.

She waited for them to get changed.

Time passed and they all walked out after changing all three girls looked really cute.

"You all look really cute I mean that" Kara said blushing she seemed to look longer at Lilly. Feeling a wetness build between her legs. She really now wanted to see Lilly's panties. Shaking her head she decided something.

"We best go get breakfast then after we can have out training battle"

"Thanks!" Haley smiled as she did a little twirl. The back of her skirt flew up to reveal her yellow panties which were, surprisingly, still on.

"Thank you." Holly replied with a blush.

"Thanks, I guess." Lilly answered, also blushing.

"I want pancakes!" Haley called out as she jumped up and down.

Lilly noticed Kara's lingering looks at her and wondered just if what Haley said was true. Did Kara really like her? Shen then thought back to her dream from the night before. She can remember Kara being in it but she can't remember just what they did together. If Kara really did like her then maybe...?

Watching as Haley did her little twirl her gaze shifted to her and stared at her little yellow panties. Kara looked at them and wanted to touch them to run her fingers over their silkness. Blushing she turned away and looked at Holly and Lilly.

"Ok, pancakes it is unless you two want something else?" Kara asked the pair. Her eyes again seemed to linger on Lilly traveling from her chest down to her skirt. She blushed a deeper red and thought of two things.

"So, Lilly I'd like you to sit next to me during breakfest ok?" Kara asked first. She then thought of her other idea.

"How about after, our battle we all go for a swim our family has a large indoor swimming pool. Surrounded by beautiful raven statues that shot water into the air. We could all splash each other and play together in the water" Kara said.

I'm fine with pancakes as long as there's strawberry sauce." Lilly answered.

"Pancakes are fine by me." Holly replied.

Lilly thought she was just being overly paranoid when it seemed like Kara had been glaring at her chest and skirt. She shifted a little from nervousness and one of her hands seemed to be holding her skirt down.

Kara's next question took Lilly by surprise.

"Sure, why not?" Lilly answered. Seemed like a pretty normal thing so why shouldn't she. Unless...?

"I didn't bring my swimsuit." Lilly replied with a slight blush.

"Don't worry, we can all go in naked." Haley suggested.

"N-no!" Holly quickly retorted before turning to Kara. "I'd like to but we also didn't bring our swimsuits."

The group had made it's way back into the dininng room, As she listened to wht the other had to say.

"Than pancakes it is then" Kara answered.

She took a seat at the head of the table and waited for everyone else to sit down. Once Lilly did she leaned over and whispered something to her.

"If you do something for me, I'll do something for you ok?" Kara asked. in a whisper.

Moving back as one of the maids came into the room to ask what everyone wanted to eat and drink,

"Don't worry I have some you guys can barrow though Haley's idea sounds like fun" Kara replied with a blush.

"What do you mean?" Lilly whispered in response to Kara's weird statement.

The food order was pancakes, but each of the three wanted something different to drink.

"Child Beer!" Haley ordered.

"Haley, you know what that does to you!" Holly quickly cut in. "Um, I'd like blueberry juice, if that's okay." Holly asked for.

"Fanta Fruit Twist, please." Lilly requested.

"Boo. I wanted us to go naked." Haley pouted in response to Kara's offer.

"Borrowing clothes would be fine, thank you." Lilly cut Haley off. "Although..." Lilly quietly said to herself as she saw Kara's growing breasts. She looked down at her own flat chest.

"I hope you've got things to fit us as well." Holly added on. "Haley will probably go through with what she said if you haven't." Holly blushed.

Kara again leaned close to Lilly.

"If you move you skirt upwards I'll do the same" Kara whispered back.

She was sitting close enough to Lilly that they couldn't be seen by the twins, Reaching down Kara pushed her skirt upwards a bit flashing Lilly some leg.

"I've never heard of child beer before?" Kara asked leaned back, As the maids took their orders Kara had just wanted some normal juice,

"Maybe, later Haley" Kara said. As she listened to what else was said and noticed Lilly looking at her chest.

"I should, have something for you girls" Kara mentioned she then thought of something.

"Um, we could all bathe together after the swimming?" Kara asked with a deeper blush.

"What?!" Lilly whispered back. "What are you saying?!" Lilly face turned bright red.

"Child Beer's great!" Haley answered with a huge smile. "It tastes great."

"Child Beer's a non-alcoholic form of beer specially designed for children. Some countries question its production by saying that it'll promote alcoholism but, on the other hand, some countries embrace it and allow it to be sold." Holly clarified. "However," Holly added as she looked over at Haley. "Some people still believe that it can get them drunk, despite its lack of alcohol content."

"Yay!" Haley cheered. "Naked time ~ " The other two gave her a glare and blushed.

"That's good." Holly answered.

"Group bath!" Haley beamed. "Group bonding." She added on with a sly smile.

"I wanna see you panties" Kara whispered back blushing she reached down and pushed her skirt to her waist showing Lilly her panties.

She listened again to what was said.

"Sounds like a weird thing if you ask me" She replied.

"I'm sure we will enjoy it would you like to help me wish myself Lilly?" Kara asked her as she looked over at her and winked. Before the maids came back with their drinks and asked what they wanted for breakfest.

"Why?" Lilly asked, her face beet red. "They're your panties so you should know what they look like."

"It is, kind of." Holly replied.

"That's a nice offer but the twins are younger so I need to make sure that they thoroughly wash themselves." Lilly quickly said, blushing bright red.

"Why? We're old enough to clean ourselves." Haley replied with a grin.

"Pancakes!" Haley shouted out when the maid asked them what they wanted.

"Because" Kara first says. liking seeing Lilly blush, "I'm asking you nicely, I know that but I wanna see how they look on you" Kara asked.

Kara told the maid what she wanted for breakfast and she left the room. A few minutes paseed before the maid returned with the pancakes,

"Maybe I could help? Um, if it's not to much trouble that is would you like to wash me thoroughly as well Lilly?" Kara asked.

Lilly didn't even answer. She just quickly lifted up the front of her skirt, left it there for around five seconds and then pushed it back down again.

"Happy?" Lilly asked.

"U-um, er.." Lilly couldn't reply to that. She just stammered like a fool.

"She'd love to!" Haley quickly cut in before Lilly could reply.

Kara was given a set of blue-berry pancakes. She started to eat them when she saw Lilly lift the front of her skirt. She enjoyed the show but then saw as Lilly pulled it down.

"Yes, Lilly I am though it should have been longer see mine?" Kara asked.

She heard what Haley had said next and smiled and blushed again between taking. Bites of her food she looked again at Lilly.

"That makes me really happy maybe I could return the favor?" Kara asked.

The pancakes were delivered. Lilly was given syrup pancakes with strawberry sauce, Haley had chocolate pancakes with chocolate sauce and Holly had syrup pancakes with toffee sauce.

"Well, that's all you're getting." Lilly replied with a huge blush. "Why would I want to see a girl's panties?" Lilly asked. Although, she couldn't help but feel like she did.

"Haley!" Lilly glared at Haley while hissing through gritted teeth.

"What? I thought you would." Haley answered innocently. She then turned back to Kara. "She'd also love that." She said with a wink.

Holly just sat quietly and ate her pancakes.

Kara ate her food bite for bite. As she listened to what was said between the pair.

"Okay, then: Kara replied at first aa she started on her drink. She looked at Lilly who was blushing a lot. "Was just wondering that's all" Kara replied again.

She then thought to the battle ahead.

"Oh, Lilly I;ve got something I'd like to show you I'm sure you will think it looks cute I hope" Kara says thinking of what Lilly would think of her new battle outfit.

She turned back and winked at Haley.

"So, what would all three girls like to do after our bath, each of you can pick out one thing to do" Kara says.

Lilly wasn't quite sure what to think of the change which had seemingly come over Kara in just one night. She started to eat her breakfast, occasionally looking at Kara in case something else changed.

"If you say so." Lilly answered.

"I don't mind. I'll go with whatever everyone else wants to do." Holly replied after a mouthful.

"As long as it's normal I don't mind." Lilly added on.

"I guess we could..." Haley thought about the options. "Ask if you could stay around ours." Haley suggested with a smile. "I want you to see Lilly at home. She's a lot different than in public."

Kara listened to what was said,

"It should be normal after all" Kara replied.

She had finally finished her meal and got up from the table and start to walk around. "That's a thought but it's going to have to wait since today is Sunday and we all have school starting tomorrow" Kara spoke.

She hoped Lilly again would like what she was going to use in their battle together. "Well, girls once we are done with breakfast I'll show you to the battleground" She says. Kara gives each of the girls a warm smile.

"The battlegrounds are located in an open forest area right behind our house it's got a small river running through it but I hope when you see it you'll all like it"

"How about next weekend?" Haley offered.

"Holly's still finish up." Lilly said. "She shouldn't be much longer." It appeared that Haley had wolfed down her food and Lilly was just finishing off the last piece of pancake. Holly still had about half a pancake left.

"Thank's for the food." Lilly said.

"Thanks!" Haley added on.

Holly nodded as she still had a mouthful of pancake.

A little while later, Holly had finished just as Kara was telling them about the battleground.

"A river..." Lilly said quietly. "That could be a slight problem for Holly and I."

Kara thought for a moment.

"Sure if it's not to much trouble" Kara answered back.

She waited for Holly to finish her meal. "You guys are welcome, here let's get going" Kara added. Once everyone else was fully done. She led the group out of the dining room and now a hallway past various other rooms. Until she reached the double wooden doors leading outside.

Opening them Kara walked outside. She led them down a small dirt path until they reached wild open field.

The area before them was a large grassy area with a few rolling hills in between several large. Trees could be seen which would give off cover to hide behind. A small follow little river ran down the middle of the grassy field where a small bridge could be seen, Here and there were various statues of ravens.

"This is it" Kara told them she walked forwards away from the group. Then turned to face each of them,

"Lilly I hope you like this" Kara said before using her magic to change her clothes. In a flash of white magic the clothes Kara wore changed into her new battle outfit the same one she had worn in her dream with Haley.

Kara wears purple beret hat with a black feather attached on the left hand side with the tip of the feather pointing backwards atop her head. On her shoulders are black feather spaulders with an emerald on each spaulder in the dead centre of each one. A black cape made from velvet with a purple interior. The cape is a full length one reaching the base of the rear and stopping just above her legs. The cape's lined with sliver silk and accented with a silver silken hem. On the back of the cape, in the middle of it, a symbol of a raven about to snatch up its prey is made up of silver silken thread and embellished beneath it in the same thread is the Ravenclaw family gem stone which is a blue calcite. Black angel-like wings are located in the small of the back between each shoulder blade.

A purple and white leotard with a small feathered base in a manner of reflecting that of a raven's down. The sides of the leotard are white. The front of the leotard is not covered up by the feathery down, just the back and sides are.Kara wears black half gauntlets inscribed with the same image as the back if the cape. Detached sleeves, with the same colouring and style as the leotard. Are near both of Kara's shoulders. Upon each hand are black fingerless gloves with purple hem. With a raven feather pattern before the fingers.

On both of Kara's legs are purple knee-high socks, The tops of the socks, where the knees are, has the same raven feather pattern as the rest of the outfit. On her feet are two purple mid-thigh high boots with black feathered wings on the ankles stretching back in the style of most winged boots. Wings will be held to the ankles with a golden button inscribed with the raven logo.

Blushing she asked. "Um, what do you guys think?"

The group reached the battlefield shortly after setting out from the dining room. Kara then changed into her new battle outfit.

Haley just giggled as she had seen it before.

"You look like a raven." Lilly stated. "Better watch that those feathers don't tickle you while you're fighting as that may cause a slight problem."

"Very dark." Holly answered. "Like an opposite Lilly."

Lilly looked around at the battlefield.

"This is a nice area. You sure you want to use it for battle?" Lilly asked.

Kara blushed as she listened to what Lilly had first said.

"T-Thank you it won't happen that won't happen" Kara replied with a blush.

Watching as Lilly looked around the area.

"This area will be used but, I have something in mind," She added.

With both hands now outstretched Kotori started to chant softly. A white glow began to form around her hands as a small square appeared. Placing her hands into the air the square seemed to grow bigger and expanded much like what happened on the bridge.

Kotori had moved them to another area. One which was still the same but wouldn't see this current area wasted. She also started to feel the first stages of needing to pee.

"A pocket dimension for battle to take part in. Good idea." Holly said without realising it.

"Huh?!" Haley asked. "What is a what now?!"

"Pocket Dimensions: A form of magic which can allow one to create an alternate reality set apart but during the current reality. It can serve as a protective forcefield to prevent harm coming to a person who's been gravely wounded or it may provide a safe place to store items of importance like Phylactery's or treasure." Holly defined. "It can also be used to create a place for battle to take part without breaking the surrounding place to pieces. It's good to do before battle in heavily populated areas so no innocents can be harmed."

Holly's bunny ears and bunny tail started to materialise during her explanation.

"Did you swallow a dictionary along with your pancakes?" Haley asked. "What are you going on about?"

Lilly couldn't believe what she was hearing from Holly.

The pocket dimension was finally and fully created, As she then heard Holly speak up she was surprised that Holly knew about this sort of stuff.

"How, did you know about these things. Isn't this the first time you've seen one?" Kotori asked as she heard Holly explain just what it was fully along with seeing her bunny ears and tail appear. She then looked over at Haley then to Lilly.

"I agree just what is going on?" Kotori asked she still wasn't sure what to make of all of this.

"Well, yes, it is. It's just that it suddenly popped into my mind for some reason." Holly replied looking a little puzzled.

"Holly's always been the smarter of the two." Lilly joked with a laugh.

"Hey! What's that supposed to mean?!" Haley asked. "I'm only ever three points behind her in tests! I'm Number two in my class!"

Haley was getting a little annoyed with Lilly for her jibe. Haley focused her magic, creating the small ears and tail of a cat on her person, and created a small illusionary waterfall next to Lilly, who seemed to squirm around in response.

"S-stop it!" Lilly told Haley. "I was just joking!"

Holly's ears perked up as she saw the illusionary waterfall. She looked at it for a short while and more words appeared in her head.

"Create Illusion: The caster imagines what they want to create in their head and then focuses on who they want to witness the illusion. The caster then imagines the illusion come to life and focuses on where the want it to appear. The illusion is then created and the subject the illusion was created for can witness the illusion. It is normally a magic used for misdirection or practical jokes." Holly defined unknowingly. "Wait, what?" Holly added on the end with a confused look.

"Control of powers seems to be better in Haley than Holly." Lilly said as she tried to block the illusion out. She still couldn't help but fidget from a growing need for the toilet, though. "Maybe this fight will help them?"

Kotori listened to all that was said. 'Well, that just seems weird" Kotori first said. She then heard the little mini joking fight between everyone. Kara's own needs for the toilet increased once she saw Haley create the waterfall near Lilly she saw as Lilly fidgeted around. Hoping that it would mean what she thought it would.

She then heard Holly again go off about what Illusion magic seemed to be. Kara thought of something for a few moments.

"Hmm, it seems you suddenly knew just what type of magic Haley just used and gave off it's effects when used strange?" Kara said. She then looked back at Lilly. "Maybe this will help them out seeing as first Holly doesn't know much about my own powers not sure about yours" She added.

Backing away from everyone. "Well, Lilly you better get changed, Haley and Holly. I'm not sure if you guys have battle outfits like Lilly and I but it would be best of you changed into something as I don;t want to ruin your guys clothes?" Kara asked.

"Tell me about it." Holly replied. This was just all too strange for her. She had never been able to do it before so what made now any different?

"I know I've got one but I'm not sure about the girls." Lilly said before she allowed herself to be engulfed in white flames and change into her battle outfit.

"Me next!" Haley called out as she imagined her outfit from the night before in her head. After a few seconds, she appeared to shatter out of existence. This evoked a startled and worried look from both Holly and Lilly. After a few seconds, Haley reappeared behind the two in her red and gold China Dress. "Behind you!" She called out to the two, who turned around. "What do you think? Pretty neat, huh?" Haley said as she gave a twirl, which caused her tiny dress to flip up and reveal her naked body.

"P-p-panties?!" Lilly stammered out with a blush. "Where are your panties?!"

"I dunno, this dress doesn't seem to come with any." Haley chuckled.

Holly wondered if she could do the same. She focused on the ears and tail, which were still on her, and thought about what her own outfit could be. She was suddenly covered in small wavy patters which seemed to cover her whole body. They were a mixtures of blues, silvers and whites. The patterns then seemed to settle into a set pictures, which was later formed as Holly in her magical outfit.

Holly also wore a China Dress like Haley, except Holly's was blue and silver. The base of the dress was the same, stretching down to just above the crotch and just covering what was needed. Holly's bunny ears were in all their glory resting on the top of her head. Her long blonde hair, like Haley's, was tied into two buns with a length of silver thread. On the right hand side of the dress, emblazoned in silver thread, was an effigy of the Hare of Inaba. Beneath the dress, unlike Haley, Holly seemed to be wearing silver silk panties, which were string tied at the sides. Her legs were bare and she also wore no socks. On her feet were blue buckled shoes. Around her neck rested a small white furry collar and white furry wristbands were around her wrists.

Holly looked over the change which happened and blushed bright red.

"Why is my dress so small?!" She asked as she tried to pull it further down her body.

"Cuteness Factor: Super Cute!" Haley cried out as she dived on her sister. "We match! We match!" The jump from Haley raised up the back of her dress.

"Okay, first let's try and see if it happens again?" Kara closed her eyes. A light breeze began to blow across the grassy area soon the strength of the wind picked up. Turning into a gale neither Kara or Lilly or even the twins were effected by the wind. It was mainly a way of trying to help Holly understand just what sort of power she had. After about a minutes the gale force wind started to die down. She she saw Lilly change into her battle outfit.

Then her gaze shifted over to Haley who transformed as well. She had seen this outfit before and blushed at seeing Haley's naked body again. She got a clear veiw of her peach and Kara started to shift around. As a tiny wet spot started to form on the crotch of her leotard. As she was starting to get wet by just looking at Haley's tender spot.

She then watched as Holly went through a similar moment as well. She looked upon Holly's new clothes her gaze shifted to Holly's crotch area and she quickly looked away. As the wet spot seemed to start to grow again as her lips to her peach were opening.

"Um, Holly you look very cute, so do you H-Haley" Kara stammered out blushing a deep red.

Holly's sensors kicked off again as she defined, to the best of her knowledge, what Kara did.

"Control Wind: Caster can control the wind freely and speed up, slow down or stop the wind at their command. The wind can also increase in concentration in certain places and become like cutting blades at the caster's command." Holly defined. "How can I stop this?!" She added on with a frown.

"Thanks!" Haley said as she smiled back at Kara.

"Thank you, I suppose." Holly said as she squirmed around from nervousness. "It's too revealing for my liking."

Lilly also could't help but stare at both Holly and Haley's outfits. Lilly longed to see Haley's tender spot again. She hoped that Kara's wind would blow up her skirt during the battle.

"Now that we are all ready, what will the teams be?" Lilly asked as she turned back to Kara.

Kara listened to what was said.

"Interesting, as it just happened again I'm not sure how you can stop it" Kara explained. She looked over at Haley and Holly.

"Your both welcome" Kara admitted. She hoped neither anyone would see the small wet spot on the front of her leotard. She wanted a much closer look at Holly's panties and crotch area again. Plus she longer to see Haley's peach again.

"Um, well should we have it as me and either Holly or Haley on my team against you and one of them? Or should we go with you and me against both of them?" Kara asked.

"I think the veterans should be paired up with the novices so we can offer them help." Lilly suggested. "I think that it'll be kind of unfair to pitch both of us against the two of them."

"Let's draw straws." Holly suggested. "It sounds fair and it helps to prevent voluntary unbalancing."

"I want Lilly." Haley said. "Just so Kara can blow my skirt up." Haley added on with a sly smile. "I'm sure we'd all love that. I like to feel the breeze down there."

"Straws!" Lilly quickly cut in. "Why would we want to see that?!" Lilly asked with a blush.

"I dunno..." Haley answered innocently. "I just thought that you would."

Kara listened to what was said.

"Okay, that will work out" She said.

With out hand Kara created four straws out of pour magic and held them in her hand. She blushed when Haley wanted Lilly on her team. Then the idea with the wind and all.

"Maybe, but I'll try not to do that" Kara lied.

She walked forwards and held the straws before them. "Ok, Lilly goes first then Holly followed by Haley then myself. Which ever has the same type of straw which has a color on it will be on the same team. The other people who have a clear color straw will be on the other team" Kara answered.

"Okay." Lilly said as she picked the first straw.

"My turn." Holly said as she picked the second straw.

"Third Straw's mine!" Haley announced as she picked her straw.

They each looked at their straws.

Lilly's had a red mark on.

"Mine's red." Lilly told the group.

The other straws still needed to be announced.

"Okay here I go" Kara pulled back her hand which reveal a clear straw.

She looked over and saw that Lilly had a red one.

Looking at the twins she wondered just who could have the other clear straw.

"Well, which ever one of you has a clear one will be on my team and who ever has the red one will be on Lilly's team" Kara said.

"I get Lilly!" Haley announced happily as she dived onto Lilly. "Blow my skirt up, please." She said to Kara.

"I've got you, Kara." Holly said as she moved towards Kara. "Please take good care of me." She added with a slight curtsey.

"So, teams have been decided now." Lilly started. "What will be the rules of engagement? Should we stop after a certain period of time or will there be other reasons for stopping?"

Blushing at Haley's remark Kara said nothing as she turned and saw Holly walking over to her.

"I promise nothing bad shall happen to you, I hope that maybe we can help each other out during this?" Kara asked, As she leaned down and patted Holly on the head.

She turned away and looked over at Lilly and Haley.

"The battle shall last for sixty minutes. each team with have twenty life points. Meaning each person will have ten apiece. Small attacks will cause one point of damage while larger ones two points." Kara answer at first.

"If a team member loses all their points they will be knocked out of the fight and their team will lose the battle. There's no killing, or trying to injury your foe this is a friendly match to help Haley and Holly better understand and learn to control their new powers" Kara added.

She looked over at Holly.

"Um, try and think of me as your teacher during this I'll try and help you out anyway I can"

"So, each team member will have 10 health, leading to a team total of 20. If one team member gets knocked out then they can't fight. Can the other member still continue leading to a last man standing kind of thing or do you need to make sure your team doesn't lose a member?" Lilly asked.

"So, hit the other team and don't get hit. Easy!" Haley stated.

"Don't cause harm to opponents and protect team members." Holly garnered from the rules. "I guess we've kind of got the advantage as I can cancel out Haley's illusions."

"Who will start?" Lilly asked.

Kara thought for a moment as Lilly spoke.

"Yes, the last team member remaining can still fight against their foes. But you should also make sure not to lose your other team member seeing as how you'd be at a disadvantage when fighting" Kara answered.

She turned over to Holly.

"Yes, that's it also you shouldn't use you really strong spells right off the bat as you'll drain yourself of magical power. Try and balance them out between small attacks and big attacks. If you know that you've got your foe cornered try a big attack" Kara offered.

She then looked back at Lilly and Haley. "We will start off" She told them.

Looking back down at Holly she said.

"Okay, which person do you want to fight against Haley or Lilly?" Kara asked. As the wind around them started to pick up.

Explanations aside, it seemed that Kara's group would be starting.

"Well, to keep things fair, I think that I should go up against Haley but, considering that I can see through her tricks, I still think that we'd be at a major advantage there." Holly replied. "It's kind of hard to decide so I don't think that we should pick a particular rival to fight against. I think we should try to support each other as much as possible."

"I agree with Holly." Lilly added in. "We shouldn't single out a target. If we do, then the twins won't really learn that much as they'll be up against each other and they're still learning about their powers."

"I wanna fight Kara! I like the wind." Haley suggested.

"No." Lilly cut Haley off.

Lilly readied her weapons when Kara increased the wind speed. Lilly created two shortswords to dual-wield.

The shortswords had gold handles with rubies embedded in them The pommel of the sword was a large ruby gem. The length of the blades, like most shortswords, were around 20 inches long. The blades were pure silver and they had a red flame pattern snaking along the edge of them.

"So, white moves first?" Lilly joked based on the colour of the straws they drew.

As the wind speed, picked up Kara looked back over at Holly.

"Okay, that seems fair" Kara answers. She looks over at the other group then back at Holly. "I'll do my best to support you, though I'm still wondering just what sort of powers do you have like what can you do?" Kara asked.

She turned to face Lilly when she heard her speak out.

"Sorry, about that but I guess your right after all" Kara called out.

"Let's see if this will help you out" Kara says.

With the wind pciking up speed Kara brought her hands together slowly the wind. Began to blow around them as it started to cover their bodies both like a suit of armor. "This will act like a shield for us, we can move around freely and attack at will. This shield can other take two attacks though before it fades away so do your best not to get hit" Kara told Holly.

Turning back, she looked over at Haley. "I can try and take out the weaker one first, but Lilly is a problem?" Kara thought. Pointing her hand forward she created small blades of wind which she shot over at the pair.

"I still don't know myself what I can do yet." Holly answered.

"So, we've got another advantage of a shield." Holly stated. "Lilly can do something similar but I think it's not quite as potent."

A strange though popped into Holly's head. The thought showed her enveloped in a purple translucent shield. She wondered just what this might mean. A name of sorts seemed to accompany this thought, the name was 'Mage Armour'.

"Mage Armour." Holly cast in response to the thought. The same shield appeared around her now. She turned to Kara. "I'm not sure what this would do but I think it'll help." The definition then popped into her mind. "I think it will offer me protection against one harmful spell but it doesn't last that long." //Mage Armour will last for two more rounds. Average time of a round is 6 seconds.\\

"Firewall!" Lilly cast as the blades came closer. The wind was then sent upwards in the thermal currents of the fire. "Pay attention!" Lilly told Haley, who seemed to be lost in thought.

"Some strange thing popped into my head. It told me to say some words but only when I was in front of an opponent." Haley answered. "I'll try it." She then ran forwards past the wall of fire and seemingly teleported in front of Holly.

"Mirage!" Haley called out as a number of copies of her appeared all around Holly.

"Yes, I've got a few other things I can do but I don't want to use them until the time is right" Kara stated. As she heard Holly cast a spell which seemed to be just like the one she had cast earlier.

"Then you best put it to good use" Kara replied.

Turning back she saw the wind being drawn into the fire Lilly created and then. Saw as Haley ran forwards and telported right before Holly. Only to make several copies of herself looking over at Holly quickly.

"Becareful, each and everyone can attack without pause but it's easy to knock them out. Though it's also hard to find which one of them is the real one. If you can find the real Haley you should be able to knock the spell out" Kara called over to her.

Turning back towards Lilly.

"I'm wanted to fight against you again my friend" Kara smiled with a blush on her cheeks.

"Bone Gale" Kara casts she gathers the wind between her hands then shoots two tornados at Lilly.

Holly was not fazed by the copies Haley created. She heard Kara tell her about the copies but the text in her head also defined them.

"These copies can cause no damage. This is a distraction created so Haley can hit me." Holly sent, via telepathy, to Kara. Holly then looked at each copy and saw that the only one which didn't look faded was the one to her left. This must be the real Haley.

"Arcane Barrage." Holly cast as several small purple bolts shot towards the Haley on her left, who seemed to be startled by Holly's immediate recognition.

Haley quickly evaded the blow but the bolts still followed her. It appeared that this was a targeted attack. Haley could evade them for a short while but she'll still be hit if she didn't do something.

"Need a little help here!" She shouted over to Lilly.

"Spiral Cutter." Lilly cast. She cloaked herself in fire and jumped into one of the tornadoes heading towards her. The fire parted the wind currents and allowed Lilly to ride the reverse currents to Kara's location. The flames surrounding Lilly died down as she reached the peak of the attack. Lilly was spinning around in a clockwise manner with her two swords extended like an arrowhead towards Kara.

Haley thought for a moment as the arcane bolts came towards her. Images popped into her head while she thought. She saw herself controlling a giant shield made of magic to block the bolts.

"Illusionary Weapon: Aegis!" Haley cast as a large shield appeared in front of her. The shield looked like a crystal in light. It glowed a rainbow of colours as it blocked the bolts. Haley the saw herself using the shield as a weapon against her opponent. It appeared she had control of her shield freely as long as she concentrated on it.

Kara got the message that Holly had sent her inside her head. "Okay but still becareful" Kara returned the thought. She turned her full attention back towards Lilly.

Who seemed to cloak herself in fire then jump into one of the tornadoes. She seemed to ride it towards her which took Kara by surprise. "I didn't know you could do that" Kara called out to her. Yet once Lilly got out into the open again. The flames died down and she spun around towards her like an arrow head.

Not having much time to dodge Kara jumped to the side. She felt the blades strike her body three times. Her small shield around her shattered and she felt herself losing one life point which meant. She had only nine left. Thinking quickly she sent a message back towards Holly "maybe this will help you out?" She says.

"Shadow" Kara cast over at Holly who would begin to feel herself turn invisble for only around a minute she'd have to use this well.

"Void Breath" Kara cast as the wind around her picked up speed soon Kara jumped into the air and started to ride the wind. Currents around the area it seemed that the whole battlefield the wind was blowing like crazy. It wasn't having any effect on Holly, But was also blowing up Haley's skirt yet as Kara rode the wind she gathered them to her hands.

"Gale." Kara yelled out as she brought both hands together and sent a strong gale force wind at Lilly.

Seems like Haley had a trick up her sleeve. Holly was not surprised by this. She looked over the current situation which Haley was in and calculated the best course of action. She noticed that Haley was quite close to the trees. If she could knock one of the down then that'll put Haley out in the open. She knew, through the text in her mind, that Haley could freely control the shield if she wanted to. She waited for the perfect time to strike. During this, she prepared a spell which should take out the base of the tree.

Haley wondered why Holly had yet to make a move. She stayed behind her shield and did nothing. She did just take the advantage by making a shield, or so she thought.

The spinning attack seemed to strike Kara. Getting the first blow again caused Lilly to become complacent as normal. She didn't bother reacting when Kara rode the wind currents away.

Holly felt herself become invisible. Had Kara done this? She took this opportunity to make her move. She edged in closer to her attack point and hid in the shadow of one of the trees. //One minute is ten rounds, you know? I'm going by the 6 seconds=1 round rule.\\ //Mage Armour has faded from Holly\\

Haley was too busy taking in the scenery to know that Holly had gone invisible.

When Lilly felt the wind pick up speed behind her, she knew that Kara had aimed an attack at her. Taken by surprise, Lilly created a platform of magic under herself in which she back-flipped off and did a full turn in the air. The wind still made contact with Lilly. It sheered her clothes a little as she flipped over it. If Kara looked closely now, she might be able to see the small pink tip of Lilly's right nipple through the small tear in the fabric of her Leotard.

Perfect moment for Holly. The wind picked up speed and blew up Haley's skirt. She knew that Haley would love that so she would be distracted. She used a little of her magic to redirect and concentrate the wind speed on the base of the tree.

"Shatter." Holly recited as the wind made contact with the base of the tree. It creaked and toppled towards Haley's location.

Haley loved that Kara had taken into her account of blowing up her skirt. She giggled as she felt the wind caress the bare lips of her tender spot. She was taken by surprise when she heard the toppling tree to her left. She quickly moved her shield to block the tree.

"Sneaky!" She shouted out as she knew that it must have been Holly who planned this. She did have the knack to stay calm in most planned situations after all. This little movement of her shield left her flanks open for attack.

"Haley's open! Pincer move!" Holly sent to Kara as she moved to Haley's exposed back.

Kara watched the events take place before her, She saw the effect her attack had on Lilly. Turning away Kara rode the winds forward and watched as Holly disappeared from sight she saw Haley's exposed peach again as the wind blew up her skirt. Blushing she shook the thoughts out of her mind. She landed upon the ground again not far.

From where the fallen tree had struck the ground. Hearing Holly's reply back to her. She knew what to do.

"Okay stand clear" Kara sent back.

She started to gather the wind around her arms and body. Strong winds began to blow across the field as the tickled Haley's tender spot.

'Clap of Thunder" Kara yelled as she brought both hands together in a claping motion. Soona single bolt of lightning was created that shot over to Haley's back. Thinking again about before Kara decided to try something else.

"Enlighten" Kara cast upon Holly. This spell would increase her intelligence and wisdom, ability to concentrate etc. For 6 seconds meaning she'd be much smarter than she normally would be.

"Use this spell wisely as it makes you smarter and you have a greater wisdom on what you can do" Kara sent her.

"Arcane pulse!" Holly cast at Haley, who was still caught under the tree. A small pulse of purple magic shot towards Haley. Holly had aimed the attack a little wide for safety reasons. The pulse skimmed past Haley and hit with a glancing blow.

Haley felt the arcane pulse shoot by her. She knew she had lost 1 hit point from the glancing attack.

"Ow! Meanie!" She shouted to Holly, who was now visible.

"All is fair in love and war." Holly replied with a smile. "You do know that this was a set up, right?"

"Huh? How come?!" Haley replied.

"Look at the base of the tree."

Haley looked past her shield and saw that the base of the tree was supported by purple chains. It was never going to fall on her.

"Cheap move!" Haley shouted back as she put her shield towards Holly.

Holly moved to the side as Kara instructed. A clap of thunder then shot through the sky towards Haley, who turned when she heard the noise. Haley quickly put the shield in front of her to block the lightening.

Lilly was about to vault towards the retreating Kara when she heard the lightening. She screamed and quickly covered her ears. The loss of momentum caused her to start to fall to the ground. She hit the ground with a bump, losing 1 life point from the fall.

"No!" Lilly screamed out.

Holly felt a little more knowledgeable about her powers now. She knew how she'd use this.

"A little unfair using lightning, you know. Lilly terrified of it." Holly sent to Kara as she prepared her next spell.

Kara had heard what Holly had to tell her. "I'm sorry about that" Kara sent to her she turned back to face Lilly.

"I'm sorry Lilly" Kara called out to her. Yet seeing as Lilly wasn't defended herself Kara decided to attack her.

"Obeyance" Kara cast upon Lilly if her mind was weakened enough Kara would be able to enslave her mind for 6 seconds. Though if her mind was still strong the spell wouldn't work. Thinking of what to do she remembered Lilly's dream from last night she decided to make her remember just how wet her panties got last night. Meaning she was trying to get Lilly into a horny like state.

Looking back at Holly.

"I'm trying to enslave her mind if it works you can attack her" Kara sent her.

She turned over to Haley.

"Dimensional Anchor." Holly cast at Haley. A purple chain shot forth from Holly's hand to wrap around Haley before disappearing. This spell with prevent Haley from teleporting for three rounds. It would also prevent her from going invisible for the same amount of time.

"Surely that would break the spell? Why not use her to attack Haley?" Holly suggested.

Lilly was in no state to fight against the control of Kara's spell. She was powerless to resist.

Haley tried to teleport away but she couldn't. Every time she tried she'd only remain in the same spot.

"What's all this about?! Why can't I flash away?!" Haley asked nobody in particular.

"I've locked you to this dimension. You can't swap planes until it wears off." Holly explained.

Haley had just about had enough of Holly's tricks. She turned away from Kara.

Haley then moved her shield towards Holly and commanded it to slam into her.

"Shield Bash!" Haley ordered the shield as it flew towards Holly.

Kara heard what Holly had to say to her. Her about Using Lilly to attack Haley.

"That can work, but I was also wanting her to be embarrassed as well" Kara sent back. Deciding to go with Holly's plan Kara made Lilly stand up.. Then run over towards Haley and have her attack her.

"Explosion" Lilly cast creating a minor explosion in the palm of her hand. Which she would cast upon Haley's chest.

Kara also seeing that Haley was bound to the ground. Went through her own attack upon her.

"Shatter the Earth! Hear the roar of the Wind God that reduces everything to a cloud of dust!" Kara summons a tremendous tornado that would ensnare an Haley after Lilly's attack and in its center and shatters the opponent with its extreme wind power. Meaning Haley if hit would lose two life points.

Holly, taken slightly by surprise from Haley's lack of concern for Kara, couldn't quite move away in time for the shield to not hit her, It slammed into her and knocked her to the floor. She took two hit points of damage and was now winded and prone.

Haley then felt the burst of fire magic behind her and was shot forwards. Haley had now lost a further two hit points, leaving her at seven.

Lilly had just come to her senses after her attack on Haley. It was't the best course of action but it did jet her forwards and out of the range of Kara's attack. Lilly could block this attack.

"Burning Veil!" Lilly cast. Her body was cloaked in white flames. The wind tore into Lilly instead of Haley, as Haley was now a few feet away. Lilly's veil helped to reduce the impact of the blow, causing it to only deal 1 hit point of damage.

Haley, still a little winded from the impact of the explosion, manage to pick herself up. She was kind of angry at Lilly for her friendly fire against her but she was also kind of pleased that she hadn't been ripped into by the wind. That wind looked bad.

She turned towards the prone Holly and prepared her next attack.

"Pulverise!" She cast towards Holly, who was still on the floor. The shield lifted to above Holly. It would then compress her against the ground like a car crusher, which would deal two more hit points damage next turn.

Kara watched all the events take place before her. Thinking quickly as a way to save Holly from harm. Kara knew what to do "Teleportion" Kara cast. Kara quickly swapped places with Holly. Reappearing where Holly was and Holly to where Kara had been moments ago.

She felt the shield atop her body. She felt her body being crushed as she cried out. She felt herself losing two life points meaning she had seven left. Yet also inside part of her mind Kara started to remember her magic lessons with her father. Of the time when she was helpless and powerless against him.

"No, No" Kara cried out in fear as she remembered these memories.

At the last second, Kara swapped places with Holly and placed herself under this shield. This took Haley by surprise at first. She then heard Kara shout something under the shield just before it disappeared, leaving Haley open for attack.

Holly was now on the floor in front of Lilly. She knew that if she tried to move she'd likely get attacked. Thinking quickly, Holly considered what spells she had when one suddenly popped into her mind.

"Backbiter!" Holly cast before she got up. This spell meant that the next attack against the caster would harm the attacker instead. This spell lasted until the next attack hit Holly.

Lilly, seeing how Holly was focusing on getting up, decided to take a chance to attack her, not knowing the effects of the spell she just cast. Lilly tried a basic slash against Holly as a free action. Before the blade made contact with Holly, it turned and slashed into Lilly's arm instead. This was a weak attack so it only hit Lilly for 1 hit point, leaving her with seven. Lilly yelped in surprise when she saw her own blade turn on herself.

"What?!" She called out as she hoped for a clarification from the resident expert in magic.

"Backbiter: The caster is shielded from the next successful attack made against them. The attack's damage will be dealt to the attacker instead of the caster." Holly recited to Lilly. "Good for potential chances like that one. Oh and, by the way, it lasts until an attack hits, which means that misses won't trigger it and remove it."

Lilly was surprised at how well Holly was developing in her magical capabilities.

"I think I can go all out on you now." Lilly smiled to Holly. She then prepared a spell to cast.

The sheild fadded and Kara quickly got up her memories still locked to that of her past. Shaking her head her mind became clear again. She looked at Haley who seemed to be open for attack at the moment.

Thinking Kara ran behind Haley. Spotting Holly and Lilly in the distance she decided on a attack to use.

"Fist of Wind" Kara cast She sent off a force of wind at Haley which would send her flying through the air. Hopefully with the next part of the plan Kara then sent Holly something.

"Duck" Kara sent her.

If Haley could get herself out of her being sent flying she would be knocked into Lilly.

Looking down at the ground Kara memories returned to her past but these ones were different than before.

Haley was lifted off her feet as she was sent plummeting through the air towards Lilly. Holly seemed to duck for cover as Haley flew closer to Lilly.

"Dispersion!" Haley cast. She disappeared just before she hit into Lilly. A few seconds later, she reappeared again and went flying towards a tree.

Lilly, noticing the flying Haley, also ducked for cover just before Haley blinked away. She then felt her presence re-materialise behind her. As Holly was ducking for cover, Lilly took this opportunity to turn towards Haley.

"Flame Sphere." Lilly cast on Haley, who was then cloaked in a ball of fire. Lilly directed the ball away from the tree and towards the ground where she gently placed the ball down before dismissing it. Lilly then quickly turned back to combat.

Holly, ducking for cover, took this momentary ceasefire from Lilly to prepare her next spell. Going by Kara's advice, she was sure that it was the right time for this. She sent something to Kara.

"Stay at least ten feet away from me for now. I've got an idea."

Haley, picking herself off the ground, was really starting to get annoyed with the amount of pain she was forced to take. Her ears twitched and her tail waved around in an angry motion. She concentrated hard on breaking down the barrier between illusion and reality.

Kara pictured herself again in the middle of the town square again covered in the blood. Of those she had killed. She started to picture her real self there looking at her hands, Which seemed now to be covered in blood. Kara screamed in fear and dropped to her kness in fright.

"Go away, go away" Kara screamed.

Kara seemed to hear Holly's voice in her mind but it was only a faint sound. She was lost in her own little world. She then felt blood splashing on her face and clothes. She could see the cold emotionless face of herself standing before her.

"No, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Kara screamed in fear. Tears started to fall down her cheeks.

Again looking at the dead bodies she saw them get up. Each body badly beaten and torn apart blood dripping down the many cuts on their bodies each pair of faces lifeless.

"No, NOOO, Go away go away" Kara cried in fear.

Kara's screaming attracted the attention of all three girls. Combat aside, they all wondered just what was wrong with her.

"Kara?!" Lilly called out in concern.

"Kara?!" Holly called out in worry as she ran to Kara's side.

"Kara?!" Haley asked as she dismissed the feelings of anger as they were overruled by concern for Kara.

All three ran to Kara's side.

"What's wrong?" Lilly asked as she held Kara close.

"Is she having a breakdown?" Haley asked as she reached the group.

"What's wrong?" Holly asked, worry clear in her voice.

As the three girls ran over to Kara and asked what was wrong. Kara heard neither of their voices all she saw before her were three girls each in the size of Lilly and the twins. Yet they were all cut up and bloodied.

"Get, get away I didn't mean to kill them. please" Kara called out in fear as she backed away.

Yet the three girls got closer to her. They reached out with their hands and grabbed her rooms and legs. Kara cried out in fear as she felt blood splash against her body.

"Blood, blood no!" Kara screamed.

Both Holly and Lilly had no idea what was wrong with Kara. Haley, however, knew just what it was. She remembered the pained thoughts of Kara regarding what had happened to her. She also knew the way around this. She placed her hands on the side of Kara's head and requested something of Holly.

"Know any sleep spells?" She asked. Holly shook her head. She didn't know if she did or not. Lilly, however, knew just what to do.

"Hearthfire." She cast on Kara. Would Kara fight its effects?

Kara was still backing away from the bodies. Her real self felt a spell cast upon her, In her paniced state it seemed to work quickly she fell gently to the ground as the sleep spell tooks it's effects upon her body. Kara drifted over into a deep sleep.

Inside her dreams she was thrust back into the ones of when she had lost her mother as a child. She was again in the bedroom shaking her mom to try and awaken her. Her whole body was covered in blood.

"Mommy, Mommy wake up please" Kara cried as tears fell like rain down her cheeks.

Every few minutes she was sent back into the town's square were again she was covered in blood. Standing among the bodies of those she had killed. Blood covered the ground and her leotard.

"No, I didn't mean to make it stop" Kara sobbed.

There was no dream door this time inside of Kara's mind once Haley and the others entered they would see and know everything.

