A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*007*2014-06-08 05:19

Here is chapter 5 for you all

Chapter 5: New Partners

Marie returned to the limo and it drove through the gates.

Lilly was still fidgeting a little from nervousness and her growing need for a toilet. She started to rub her legs together.

The twins looked over at Lilly and a thought appeared in Haley's head. She was still thinking about the earlier color change of Holly's dress and wondered if it was her or Holly who had done that. Holly's dress, by now had returned to normal. Haley smirked at her idea and thought of a way to carry it out.

The limo arrive at the main entrance to the house and the group stepped out. What Lilly saw now was as much as a pleasant surprise as it was a shock of horror.

"Kara?!" Lilly shouted out.

"Kara!" The twins cried in joy as they jumped onto her.

Lilly looked at the outfit Kara was wearing, she couldn't help but think that it was kind of cute.

Kara watched as the limo pulled up to the house. She was still squirming around as she stood there. Soon Marie, Lilly and the twins exited the car and Kara gasped in shook when she saw them she felt both Holly and Haley jumped onto her. But she pushed them away gently "Later" Kara told them she looked over at Lilly.

"Lilly?" Kara shouted out.

Kara looked at the outfit Lilly was wearing she did look cute herself. Yet she remained in control and looked over at Marie "if you would folow me please" Kara told her she turned around. And walked back towards the house the group soon followed Kara inside as she led the group over to her father.

"Ah, Marie it's nice to meet you did you have a nice trip?" He asked.

He looked over at Lilly and the twins but said nothing.

'If you'd follow me please" He said.

Kale led the group into the main dining hall and walked over to the table.

As Kara walked into the dining room she saw all the water from the fountains. And gasped this wasn't good further signals were sent to her bladder as she pushed her fingers into her gown above her crotch. She whimpered Lilly and the twins could most likely see that she needed the toilet and blushed as this as she walked slowly towards the table.

"Holly, Haley! Control yourselves! We are guests here!" Marie shouted to the twins. "And, Lilly, what did I tell you about talking?!"

"Sorry, Mother." The twins answered as they stood in their uniform line. Lilly quickly joined them.

Marie followed the girl, who must have been Kale's daughter Kara, into the mansion.

"Why can't you be more like her, you vile girl?" Marie said to Lilly before they saw Kale. "It's nice to meet you, too. I guess you could say it was a nice trip." Marie answered.

The group moved into the dining hall. Lilly was met by the sound of something she'd rather not have heard.

"Why fountains? Why?!" Lilly's mind cried out as she started to push into her crotch behind her bag, which she carried in her hand.

The twins, well, Haley at least, noticed the actions of both Lilly and Kara. Another smile came to her face. It seemed like Holly as well was starting to be affected by the fountains. Haley went over to Holly and whispered something in her ear. First, Holly shook her head quite fast and then she nodded slowly. Haley just smiled some more.

Kara said nothing as she heard Marie belittle Lilly before her. She wanted to speak up but knew if she did that'd she'd get into trouble Kara soon took her seat at the table. Beside her father whom also took a seat.

He saw his guests take their seats as well Lilly sat next to Kara, The twins across the from the pair and Marie sat at the other end of the table. He waited before everyone finished before he spoke up.

"I hope that everything goes well tonight" Kale told Marie. As some maids started to come into the room and ask the trio just what they'd like to drink.

As Kara sat in her chair she shifted her feet alot since hearing the fountains wasn't helping matters. She crossed her legs under the table and pushed her hand against her crotch. This wasn't really helping matters she bounced slightly in her seat. As she heard her father talk with Marie and the maids arrive into the room Kara hated this moment.

"A small water please" She told one of the maids.

Who quickly left the room to get her drink. She turned to look at Lilly and tried to smile but only blushed she was sure Lilly would know she needed to pee quite badly.

Sitting down made matters worse. Thankfully, the seat was a little too big for Lilly and her feet draped over the edge. This at least allowed her to swing her legs back and forth. She squirmed a little in her seat as well. It looked like Kara needed just what Lilly did. Lilly blushed in response.

The maids asked Lilly what she would like to drink. Just great. Not wanting to seem like a bad guest, lest she incur her Mother's wrath, Lilly asked for a glass of blueberry juice.

Haley could see just how badly the other three were doing. Holly was also moving around a little in her seat. The maids came over to them and asked them what they would like to drink. Haley asked for a glass of Cola and Holly asked for a glass of blueberry juice, like Lilly.

"As do I." Marie answered. She noticed just how much Lilly and Holly were moving around, she shot them glares before requesting a Martini from the maid. She wasn't driving so she didn't care what she drank.

Kale seemed to notice Kara moving about in her seat along with both Lilly and Holly. He gave Kara a glare which seemed to make her stop squirming. He ordered the same thing as Marie did and the maid went to get his drink. "So, where shall we begin then?" Kale asked her. As the maid came back with his drink and the others as well.

Kara still looked over at Lilly she saw her blush as well blushing in return. She knew what Lilly needed to do. she turned away from Lilly and leaned forward in her chair she brought her gown up to her waist showing Lilly. The silver frilly panties she wore for a few seconds then placed the cloth from the table. Over her legs Kara began to push against her peehole through her panties. Blushing even more as she did this.

Yet also at the same time Kara's peach started to get moist at the thought of having an accident. Right here in front of Lilly she wanted to as she had missed out on having one. Back at Lilly's house earlier. Looking over at her Kara blushed a deeper red she longed to reach out and take Lilly's hand and press it against her peehole. She started to reach for Lilly's hand when the maid returned with her water quickly Kara pulled her hand away.

Lilly let out a stifled gasp as the glare from Marie caused a little of her warm urine to leak out. It wasn't enough to dampen her panties but it was enough to cause her to fidget a bit more. She tried her best to not attract the attention of Kale or Marie.

Holly wasn't as lucky as Lilly. A spurt of her urine left her girlhood and did dampen her panties a little. She let out a quiet groan and proceeded to push into her crotch under the table.

Haley noticed Holly movements and proceeded to test out her plan on her. Haley pictured something in her head and focused on a space in front of Holly. Holly's reaction of letting out another groan and a little cry was all the confirmation she needed to understand what she wanted to. All of her plan was falling into place.

"Well. I think it's best to begin from when you first thought up this idea of a conglomeration. I'd like to know just where I stand in all of this." Marie answered.

Lilly looked back over at Kara and blushed bright red and turned away when she saw the small flash of silver from what must have been Kara's panties. Her heart beat a little faster and she felt a little hot.

"Show her your own and push against your girlhood!" A voice in her head demanded. It was that damn spell again. Powerless to resist. Lilly did as it demanded. She poked Kara a little to get her attention. If Kara turned around, Lilly would lift up the front of her dress just enough to show Kara her golden panties and her small mound. She would then get a hand and push into her mound a little.

Kara still pushed against her own girlhood underneath the table. She then felt a tiny spurt of pee into her panties not enough to dampen them but it did make a tiny wet spot. Kale looked over at Kara and gave her another glare he always looked at Lilly. But played it no mind he didn't care just what she was doing anyway,

Kale listened to just what Marie had to say to him, He took a sip of his drink and thought over what he was going to say. "I've actually been running over this idea for a while now, I'd like to begin this partnership right away it would be best. If we had a meeting between both our heads of business" Kale answered.

Kara felt herself being poked she looked over and saw that Lilly had pulled up her own skirt. Flashing her the golden panties and small mound. Blushing she pulled the cloth back and showed Lilly her silver panties again reaching over. Kara took Lilly's small hand and placed it on her own small mound and started a pushing motion. Kara wasn't sure why she did it but it did feel really nice.

"Rub against her! Cause her to pee!" The voice demanded Lilly. Why won't it leave her alone?! Just how long was this spell meant to last?

Lilly blushed even more when Kara pressed her hand against her special place. Lilly's heart was racing as she felt the small petals of Kara's flower. She then, answering the irresistible voice in her head, rubbed her hand back and forth across Kara's flower, pushing in every now and then in an attempt at breaking her dam. Lilly kept one hand pushing against her own flower to hold back the flood which wished to leave her.

"Why am I doing this?!" Lilly cried out in her mind. In actual fact, she was getting quite into rubbing against Kara's special place.

Holy noticed the strange behavior of the two opposite her. She was watching them really closely, almost as if she was watching a television programme.

"Sounds good to me. Just what shall we be becoming partners over? The whole business enterprise or just sections of it?" Marie asked as she drank some of her Martini. This proposal was becoming more interesting by the minute.

Kara felt as Lilly slowly and gently began to rub her treasure through her panties. She started to move her legs back and forth under the table. Yet when Lilly pushed her panties into her peach Kara felt a small spurt of yellow pee splash into her panties. Slowly dampening the crotch of them yet when the blushing Kara looked over at Lilly she reached with her own hand and returned the favor.

Pressing her fingers lightly against Lilly's own peach. She pressed inward hard but in a gentle way yet what she wanted to do was take Lilly right there here and now. Kara leaned over towards Lilly when both their parents weren't looking. "Thank you" Kara mentioned.

Kale drank some more of his own Martini as he thought of what to say, "The whole business enterprise" Kale told Marie soon the maids began to return this time asked what everyone would like for dinner. "Yet it would also mean we'd have to buy some local businesses" Kale added.

Lilly felt the small splash of warm liquid against the cool fabric of the panties Kara was wearing. Lilly's face turned bright red and she couldn't bare to look Kara in the eye.

"She must hate me now!" Lilly mentally scolded herself.

Lilly was surprised and horrified when Kara returned the favor. The shock of the stimulation, coupled with Lilly's growing need, caused a large spurt of her warm fluids to leave her girlhood and dampen her golden panties. She trembled with exertion as she tried to keep the flow in check. Lilly further blushed when Kara seemed to thank her for what she was doing.

"Sounds good." Marie replied. "I don't much care for small time run down excuses for businesses anyway."

Kara felt a tiny wave of warm liquid pass into Lilly's panties. It dampened her panties and wetted her fingers yet Kara didn't care she wanted this and needed it. She ran her middle finger over the outline of Lilly's peach she pushed in ever so gently pushing the fabric of her panties, Past Lilly's labia and into side of her.

She turned her attention to her father.

"Father may I please be excused for a moment?" Kara asked.

Kale looked over at her.

"Fine" He replied.

Kara pushed her dress down and took her hand away from Lilly's treasure but took her hand motioning for her to come along.

Kale looked back over at Marie. "Good then, so what can you offer to this partnership beside money?" Kale asked.

"Um, Mother, may I please be excused. I need to..." Lilly quietly said while fidgeting around a lot. Kara's stimulation and the fountain was starting to get to her.

Seeing the chance, Holly and Haley also requested to be excused.

"Mother, I've gotta pee. Can I go please?" Haley blatantly said, regardless of her present company. "Holly's coming with me, too." Haley added as she practically pulled Holly out of her seat.

Thinking on Kale's offer of 'other things', Marie agreed to the girl's demands.

"Fine, go on." She said, uncaring.

All three left the room with Kara.

"Now, Kale." Marie said as she started to lean a little on the table, seductively flashing the top of her bust. "There are other things which a man can bring to a woman." Marie added on the end in a husky voice.

Kara led Lilly and the others out of the room. She led them towards the staircase and was about to go up it. When she felt another spurt of pee escape her girlhood and further dampen her panties. She now was starting to really push her fingers into her crotch through her dress. "Lilly please" Kara begged wanting Lilly to touch her again.

She looked over at both Holly and Haley. "The restroom, is up the stairs but can only b.." Kara's voice trailed off as another wave of pee flooded into her panties.

Kale watched as Marie leaned forward showing off the top of her bust. "Is that truly what you'd like?" Kale asked. He knew what Marie was offering he'd only play her game for so long. "I'm sure your nights at home must be very lonely, I'm sure you haven't felt the touch of a man in a long time" Kale said in a husky voice of his own.

"I'm about to burst!" Lilly squeaked out as she double over while pushing her hands into her crotch.

Haley grinned at both of the girl's actions.

"I have a solution!" Haley announced proudly. "Just wait a second."

Haley pictured something in her head and then looked at the three girls in turn. She then looked at the floor in front of them and a child's potty seemed to appear.

"Why don't you go in this?" Haley asked while smiling. She knew what would happen.

"It's all faded and it doesn't look real." Holly cut in.

"What do you mean? It looks real enough to me! I'm not using it-" Lilly started before a large spurt escaped her urethra and further dampened her panties. "On second thoughts, it does look tempting." Lilly seemed to change her opinion quite quickly.

Haley knew that it was nothing more than an illusion of her own making. She realized she could make them when she changed Holly's dress to look like her own. A pair of blonde cat ears and a matching cat tail seemed to appear on her, but she couldn't see them yet.

"Not anything which I would call the true touch of a man. That poor excuse of mine couldn't even pass as a tomboy." Marie answered. She had Kale right where she wanted him. Soon, a scandal would happen should he accept.

"I can't use that I just can't" Kara added to the group as she felt another larger spurt escape her urethra it. Dampened her panties she was blushing now and had moved her dress up to around her waist. Showing off her small mound and silver panties again. She was now pushing really hard against her girlhood and was soon about to cry.

"But I'm guessing that you was someone like me to make you happy?" Kale asked he got up from the table and walked over to Marie. He leaned down and ran his fingers lightly over her breasts. "Yet how do I know that this isn't some sort of game?" He asked.

By now Kara was crying as more and more pee flooded into her panties beginning to turn them yellow in color. "Please, Lilly please again again" Kara begged

Lilly knew that if she didn't find a way of relieving herself soon then she'd do it in her best clothes. The cleaning bill for it would be insanely expensive.

"I'm going to use it!" She announced as she moved towards the potty illusion. Haley had already placed a flower pot underneath it to not make a puddle on the floor. "Don't look or listen!" Lilly added as she crouched over the potty illusion and pulled her panties down. A half second later, a jet force of warm clear liquids left Lilly and landed into the flowerpot. Lilly let out a huge sigh of relief as she released her fluids.

Haley had started giggling to herself and her cat tail seemed to bounce around in contentment.

"Now that's what I call watering the flowers." Haley chuckled out quietly. Holly heard her though.

"I knew the potty wasn't real!" Holly cut in just as quietly. A small pair of white bunny ears appeared on her head and a small white bunny tail could just be seen under her dress.

"But Lilly didn't." Haley continued. She noticed the ears and the tail on her sister. "Cute pair of ears you have there. When did you get them?"

"What ears?" Holly asked.

"Those." Haley answered as she pointed to the ears on Holly's head.

"Quit it with that strange power of yours!" Holly angrily retorted. She then noticed the cat ears and tail on her sister. "Into cosplay, are you? What is it this time? Spanish kitty cat?"

"What are you talk-" Haley started until she saw her reflection the the polished flooring. "What? When? HOW?!" She asked surprised.

"The only game I know of is this one." Marie answered as she stroked Kale's leg. "I'm game if you are."

Kara was now busy rubbing herself as she watched as Lilly peed. A clear wetness was forming in her panties as her peach tingled with excitement. Yet once Lilly was finished Kara decided to give in she rushed forward and pushed Lilly out of the way. She herself pull up her own dress and pulled her panties to the side she crouched low over the pot. Then let loose her own stream of pee adding further what was already in the pot.

As the fluid left her body Kara blushed. And looked down at the ground not wanting to see anyone's face. Soon she was finished she placed her panties back into place and moved away from the pot and lower her dress. As she rose her head she noticed something different about Holly and Haley. Holly had bunny ears and a tail and Haley cat ears and a tail.

'Um, what happened?" Kara asked them.

She then thought for a moment about something else. Since it was a Saturday night perhaps that could work.

"W..would you three like to maybe um, spend the night?" Kara asked blushing.

Kale felt as Marie touched her leg he enjoyed the feeling. "Though are you good?" Kale asked he reached over and touched her leg.

As soon as her stream finished, Lilly was pushed aside by Kara. She didn't have time to pull her panties up before she fell onto her rear with a bump. Lilly was about to scold Kara for what she did until she saw the stream of liquid coming from Kara's crotch. Lilly turned bright red and turned her head to not look at the stream. Her heart was thumping and her body felt hot at the sound of Kara's relief. She quickly pulled her panties up and brushed herself down as she rose to her feet again. She looked over at the twins who seemed to be in conversation about something. Lilly could not believe what she was seeing. She blinked twice and rubbed her eyes but they were still there. She though that they looked irresistibly cute in their little senorita dresses with their tiny animal ears and tail. She walked over to them and started to stroke Haley's tail.

Haley was busy wondering just what had happened. She didn't see Lilly come over.

"Just what is this? I think we both look kind of- ahhhnnnnnnn!" Haley was saying before her body started tingling at Lilly's touch. She started to feel all warm and fuzzy and her breathing was becoming more shallow. She felt like all the strength had left her body but she didn't fall down. She turned around and saw Lilly playing with her tail.

"Lilly, please, auuua, stop that, hauuuuu!" Haley managed to say between bouts of strange feelings.

Lilly quickly removed her hand and Haley now felt like she did before the tail playing.

"That's what we'd like to know." Holly replied as she looked over her reflection in the flooring. She then rubbed her bunny ears and found out that they were real. "Just how are we going to explain this to Mother?"

All three looked at Kara with surprised yet happy looks.

"We'd love to!" They replied simultaneously.

"Good' only exists in the mind of the other." Marie answered with a sly smile. "What do you think?"

Kara was still surprised at what took place before her, Slowly she walked over to Holly first she lightly touched her bunny ears feeling how soft they were. "Oh, so cute" Kara cried in joy she ran her fingers along the ears touching them softly she even leaned forward and kissed each one. Giving it a playful lick before walking behind Holly and seeing her cute bunny tail. Reaching down she took hold of it and gave it a soft squeeze several times. "You look really cute" Kara whispered into Holly's ear.

She let go and walked over to Haley she had seen the way Lilly. Had played with her tail Kara touched it petted, squeezed it, played with it but then let go. "You look cute as well Haley" Kara told her she then licked both her fingers and brought them to Haley's cat ears and ran the fingers over them. She pulled away from Haley and walked back to Lilly,

She was glad when they all agreed to spending the night. "I'll ask my dad wait here" Kara told them. She left the three alone walked back into the dinner room. She saw that her dad and Marie were talking about something.

"Excuse me father but can our three small guests spend the night?" She asked,

Kale heard this and took that "small guests" meant Lilly and the twins. "Sure I guess" Kale told her as Kara then left the room and walked back to the others.

'My, dad said it was ok. I know that this is rather sudden, but you guys can barrow some of my sleeping clothes for the night ok?" Kara asked,

As she waited for their answer she thought of something else. "How about tomorrow we have a friendly duel there will be two teams. Myself and one of the twins, while Lilly and the other twin will be the other team" Kara said.

"Holly, Haley it's your choice which one of you would like to be on my team. Also the reason I'm asking for this duel is maybe it can help you girls to further awaken your powers" Kara added.

Kale returned his gaze back to Marie after he had talked to Kara. "You speak the truth and where were we" Kale answered.

"Kara...what are...you...doing?" Holly panted out as she was overcome with a strange feeling. She felt really hot and weak and her heart was beating faster than normal. She yelped when Kara squeezed her tail.

"Please stop." Holly begged.

"Thank mew." Haley played along with her cat guise. She purred when Kara stroked her ears and she started to rub her head against Kara's hand.

"Well, I'm about your size but I'm not really sure about the girls." Lilly said. "I don't know if you've got any clothes that might fit them.

"It's okay. I'll sleep nude if I have to." Haley smiled out, not quite realizing the insinuation of her words. Lilly blushed bright red and attempted to stammer out a reply when Holly beat her to it.

"What are you saying?!" Holly gasped out. "D-do you realize just what you said?!"

"Well, yes." Haley replied matter of factly. "I've done it before so I can do it again."

Suddenly remembering, Lilly asked Kara something.

"Um, do you perhaps have, erm, there's no easy way to say this, please don't take this the wrong way, do you have some sleeping nappies? It's just that Haley, you know..." Lilly blushed while saying.

"I'm not too sure. I'm not really into violence." Holly answered.

"I'm up for it! I get Lilly!" Haley beamed out.

"AS long as we don't destroy the place. Or each other, for that matter." Lilly replied.

"I believe that, considering my annoying offspring are staying here, we can get down to business?" Marie suggested.

Kara had not touched Holly anymore before she asked to her to stop. Though she did with Haley some more by playing along with her and rubbing her hand on Haley's head. "You looked cute so I thought I'd give it a squeeze sorry you didn't like it" Kara told Holly. She felt sad on the inside that Holly disliked having her tail touched. When Haley said she'd sleep nude Kara blushed at the thought,

"Um, no, no you shall sleep in something" Kara told Haley. She looked over at Lilly for a moment "I might have something that they can both wear." She added. Then listened at what both girls thought about tomorrows duel, "Maybe it'd be better if both Holly and Haley were on a team against Lilly and I?" She asked. Walking over to Holly she looked into her eyes but said nothing.

"What can I do to make you like me" Kara thought.

She hugged Holly then let her go before Lilly spoke to her again.

"One, of the younger maids might" She said to Lilly abiut that matter,

"Then begin were alone now after all" Kale said.

"S'Okay." Holly quietly replied as she nodded back. She moved a little closer towards Lilly.

Haley let out a little groan when she heard Kara say that she has to wear something.

"I hope so. She'll do what she says, you know? She's done it before actually." Lilly nodded back.

"Awwww. I suppose that's okay." Haley answered. "I wanted Lilly..."

"I'm still not sure I want to take part." Holly quietly said.

Holly was surprised when Kara randomly hugged her. She let out a gasp and, as soon as Kara let her go, hid behind Lilly.

Lilly was confused when Kara said that a younger maid might have something which Haley would need tonight. She decided not to press the matter.

Holly had just remembered now that she really needed the toilet. All of the craziness from before must have sent it to the back of her mind. She was struck with a bladder spasm and let out a small yelp as she felt some of her warm liquid escape her treasure and land into her panties. Summoning up some courage, she voiced her little need.

"Um, Kara, where are the bathrooms here?" She asked as she fidgeted around.

The ears and tail had now faded from both of the twins. The illusion on the flowerpot also faded.

"Let's go somewhere more private than the dinner hall, shall we?" Marie asked as she placed a hand on Kale's right cheek.

"I just don't wanna have to explain to the maids why a little girl is running around the house nude" Kara pointed out to Lilly she then looked over at Holly who now seemed scared of her again. "You don't have to take part in anything you don't want to" Kara told her. She then heard Holly ask about where the bathrooms were. "Up the stairs 2nd door on the right" Kara said,

She waited for Lilly to take her Holly's hand since she wasn't planning on doing it. Instead she moved over to Haley "I hope we can have fun tonight" She said. Then looked back at Lilly "Hope we all can". Kara started up the stairs with Lilly and the twins behind her two doors later they arrived at the bathrooms. "Feel free to take how much time you need" Kara said.

She waited for everyone else to go into the bathroom which would leave her alone. "I don't, I just don't know" Kara thought.

"We, can go to my study" Kale told her.

"Why?" Haley asked as she tilted her head to the left in a questioning gesture.

"B-but then the teams wouldn't be fair. I don't want to leave Haley all by herself." Holly answered. Kara then informed her where the bathroom was. "O-okay." Holly replied as she tugged on Lilly's dress. Lilly understood what Holly wanted so she held her hand. They were then led up the stairs by Kara.

"Yeah!" Haley replied as she smiled.

"I guess so." Lilly added on.

"Um, okay." Holly quietly said.

They reached the bathroom not a moment too soon. Holly could barely hold it in any longer. She quickly let go of Lilly's hand and pushed the door open. Shen quickly ran inside and bolted the door behind her. She made a mad dash for the toilet, letting out little spurts with every step, and quickly shoved her panties down. She only just made it. As soon as her rear touched the toilet seat her floodgates opened and her warm liquid gushed out of her and clattered against the water in the toilet causing the sound to reverberate around the bathroom.

"She really needed to go." Haley pointlessly stated as the faint muffled sound of Holly's relief could be heard outside the toilet.

"Never done it there before." Marie answered. "Lead the way."

"It, just seems strange" Kara told Haley. She then looked at Holly who said she didn't want to leave Haley alone. "Then what is it that you want?" Kara asked her, 'I understand you don't like fighting but what is it you want?" Kara asked again. She then thought of something. "Forget the whole idea then ok just forget it!" Kara said.

She waited outside the bathroom with Haley. "I'm sorry if I'm sounding like a meanie. But I thought we were all friends it now seems like Holly's afraid of me maybe it'd be better if she went home" Kara subjected. She thought again about this soon saw that Holly and Lilly and exited the bathroom once Holly's need was finished.

"I don't know anymore, I'm sorry for earlier but, I just don't know anymore" Kara told them. She walked over to Haley and hugged her the used a tiny wind magic to lift her up playfully. Then placed her back on the ground the looked at Lilly and Holly. "I wanted this evening to be special but if this is how it's going to turn out maybe it was a bad idea" Kara told them. She walked off door the hall and entered into her room.

Kale led Marie down several hallways.

"I want us to all be together. I don't want us fighting each other, even if we don't mean it. What if we hurt each other without meaning to? I don't want any of us to get hurt." Holly answered.

"But..." Holly wasn't sure how to feel now. Kara had openly dismissed the idea. Holly knew how much Lilly and Haley wanted to take part in this friendly duel and she didn't want to ruin it for them. "But..."

"Quitter!" Haley told Kara. "Holly's not going home! If she goes home then I will too!"

"Sure, she might be sacred of you now but can't you see how she's trying to fight back her fear to not ruin this for us all?" Haley stated. "She wants to be here, despite her fear. She wants to fight it back and actually spend time with us. She wants us all to become friends! If she goes home now then all of her courage would be wasted. It's just not going to happen!" Haley finished. "So, stop being sad and start to enjoy this! She'll get used to it, I can assure you."

"Kara..." Holly quietly said as she saw Kara walk down the hallway.

"Let's go after her. She's just a little upset. She needs us with her." Haley informed the pair.

"Alright. Let's go." Lilly said as she started off after Kara.

After a few seconds, they arrived at her door. Lilly knocked on the door and called out Kara's name.

As Kara laid on her bed she remembered Holly's answer. "Nothing bad will happen it's just a friendly showing" Kara thought, As she thought it over more and remembered what else Haley and the others had said. "Haley I'm sorry I had thought that maybe that's truly what Holly would have wanted maybe I made a mistake" Kara also thought,

She then thought further on what Haley had told her, "But I thought, that we were friends I know I made a mistake of touching her tail and scaring her but, I thought she looked cute and might have enjoyed it like you did" She thought again. Kara went on to think about maybe Holly did want to enjoy this as much as she wanted to do. She really liked Holly and still did Kara wished that Holly wasn't scared of her she could avoid her again. But what good would that do but further damage their friendship.

Hearing a knock at the door Kara got up and opened it, Seeing all three girls standing there she let them enter into her room. "Holly, I'm sorry about earlier I should have asked to touch your tail. I'm also sorry for everything else that has happened as well to all of you I'm sorry" Kara told them.

"Apology flood!" Haley joked. "Don't worry, we understand." Haley smiled back at Kara.

"Kara...please, don't blame yourself. I've always been like that." Holly answered.

"So, once you've finished, shall we get this little sleep-over started?" Lilly asked.

"I wanna play a game first!" Haley called out as she went into Kara's room uninvited.

"Haley! It's rude to enter someone's room without being invited!" Lilly lectured Haley. "I want ghost stories!" Lilly suggested, despite the fact they always scared her.

"I wish, you'd oh never mind" Kara told Holly before Haley went into her room first."Haley listen to your sister" Kara told her. She looked back at the others, "Come in" She told them. Both Holly and Lilly soon entered into the room.

"So, we have a game, ghost stories and Holly what do you want to do?" Kara asked her. Before knowing maybe what sort of game Haley wanted tp do. Using her magic Kara lifted Haley off the ground and started to fly her around the room again just like before.

"I'm not sure if this is the type of game you wanted" Kara told her.

"I'm flying again!" Haley called out in joy. "I don't know, what kind of games do people normally play at sleep-overs?"

"Um, I'd like some talking time. So we can get to know each other better." Holly suggested.

"Ghost stories have got to be good. I want to feel the fear in them!" Lilly said, feeling a little scared already. She didn't want to chicken out of ghost stories as that would probably get Kara to laugh at her.

"I wouldn't know this is my first sleep over party" Kara told Haley.

She listened to Holly and thought about it. "Ok, feel free to ask away anything on your mind?" Kara asked her,

"I'd say ghost stories would be best before we all went to sleep" Kara told Lilly

"How about truth or dare?" Lilly suggested, thinking that was a usual sleep-over game. "I've never played it myself but I've heard other people talk about it."

"Um, I think we should play something before questions are asked. We could maybe do it while we are playing." Holly added in.

"Ghost stories?!" Haley cheerfully asked. "They're awesome! I know some good ones that make you wet your panties!"

"I guess we could try it" Kara told her. "I've never played it myself either I wonder how it goes" Kara added.

She turned over and looked at Holly. "I guess that could work out in the long run" Kara went on to say, Before looking over at Haley who was still flying around the room.

"I-I" Kara said she squirmed around slightly not from needing to pee or anything but just from the other of it. Looking over at her closet Kara told the group. 'Should we get changed into something more sleepoverish?" Kara asked.

"We could always look up the rules." Lilly proposed.

"We should. I wonder what kind of clothes you've got?" Lilly answered. "These heels are killing me." Lilly said as she took off her high heeled shoes.

"Got anything cute?" Holly asked. "Something with kittens or bunnies on?"

"Got anything daring?" Haley questioned. "Anything partially see through would be good." Haley smiled.

"Don't forget, Haley, sleep nappies." Lilly stated.

"Boo." Haley pouted.

Kara listened to what everyone had to say. She walked over to her closet and opened up the double set of doors. To reveal several massive rows of different types of clothes. "Help yourself's to look through and find something you'd like" Kara told the group. She went over to her phone and called on one of the maids. She was on the phone for a little bit. She had also put Haley back on the ground at this point.

A short time later another knock was heard. Kara went over to the door and opened it to reveal a young red-headed maid who was carrying something in a small bag. Blushing the maid handed the bag to Kara and quickly left the room. "I guess we got Haley's little thing for later" She told Lilly.

She placed the bag on a small table near her closet and waited for the others to change.

As soon as the closet doors were opened, Holly ran inside to look at Kara's massive selection of clothes.

"She may have more than you, Lilly!" Holly shouted back to Lilly. "I've never seen so many clothes."

Once Haley had been placed on the floor, she followed after Holly. She spent a little time searching through the different types of clothes and found something she liked.

"Perfect!" She declared. She wasted no time taking her clothes off. She was only left in her underwear, not caring if someone could see her or not. She pulled out want she wanted. She then placed a light blue lacy Baby Doll nightdress on. The material it was made from was nearly fully translucent. Anyone could see the underwear she had on if they looked close enough. She quickly ran out with her scrunched up dress in her hands. She then quickly folded up her outfit and placed it to the side by the doors of the closet.

Holly was a little more dignified in the way she got changed. She found something she really liked and took it to the back of the closet to get changed behind a row of clothes. She took off her outfit and folded it up neatly. She then quickly placed on the sleepwear she wanted and left the closet with her neatly folded up clothes in her arms. She was now wearing a light pink nightshirt with a sleeping family of cats on the front. She was also wearing a matching pair of shorts with a smaller print on.

After the others had finished, Lilly went into the closet as well. She picked out something she'd like to wear and practically copied what Holly did. She walked out of the closet wearing a thin white night shirt with a small blue bow at the bottom of the neckline and a matching pair of white three-quarter-length shorts.

"Remember to put it on before you go sleep." Lilly told Haley, who just rolled her eyes in response.

All three girls went inside the closet and got their clothes and changed into them. Kara went inside moments later looking around she picked out a similar Baby Doll nightdress, Like Haley had picked out but this one was black and frilly but it was made out of silk. She walked out moments later and took her seat back on the bed.

"What can we do now?" She asked.

Then remembered there was still Truth or Dare that was needed to be played.

"We, can play Truth or Dare" Kara asked.

"I know the rules!" Haley cut in. She then explained the rules of the game to them all.

"Do we have a bottle?" Lilly asked.

"I have a d8 somewhere in my dress pocket." Haley answered.

"A d8?" Lilly questioned. She had never heard of one before.

"It's an 8 sided dice. It's normally a diamond shape." Haley stated. "I'l go and get it. We can use that until we get a bottle." Haley said as she got up and pulled out a small diamond shaped piece of white plastic from her dress. "I can't remember where I got it from. Never thought it'd come in handy.

Haley placed the dice in the middle of all the four people.

"Right. We need to decided who goes first." Haley started. "We'll roll the dice and if it lands on 1 or 2 I will go first. If it lands on 3 or 4, Kara will go first. If it lands on 5 or 6, Holly will go first and if it lands on 7 or 8, Lilly will go first. Agreed?" Haley suggested.

No complaints were raised from Lilly or Holly.

"I guess Kara should roll as she's the one who suggested this game." Haley added.

Kara wasn't really sure what was going on and watched Haley. Pull out a d8 from her dress she listened to it all and then took the dice. She rolled it and it landed on a 4. Meaning that she could go first. Looking at the group she handed the dice to Lilly next.

"Holly Truth or Dare?" Kara asked.

She got up from her bed and used the phone again asking for a maid to bring in a empty glass bottle that arrived shortly.

"Eh? Why me?" Holly asked. She then sighed. She knew she should play by the rules. "Truth." Holly reluctantly said.

After she had answered the question posed to her, the glass bottle arrived and Holly spun it. The nose of the bottle pointed to Kara.

"Truth or dare." Holly quietly said.

"What was the worse sort of trouble that you've ever gotten into?" Kara asked her.

The bottle was spun and it landed on her.

"Truth" She said.

"Um, I guess I accidentally stole something when I was a little younger. I placed a pair of sunglasses on my head to check them out when I went shopping once and I forgot to take them off before we walked out of the store. We didn't by anything so we just walked out of the main entrance. When the alarms went off, I knew I'd done something wrong. I was punished quite badly for it, despite the fact I was in floods of tears and apologizing all the time." Holly admitted.

Kara asked for truth.

"Why do you like seeing girls wet themselves?" Holly asked. That was one of the questions she wanted answered the most.

Kara listened to everything that Holly had to say to her. She blushed when Holly asked her, her question. "Um, I think they look cute, I like seeing them desperate and being unable to make it to the toilet. Plus it's a turn on depending on who it is" Kara said while blushing. She reached forward and spun the bottle because no one else had down it yet,

The bottle landed on Haley.

Holly just blushed and the other two followed suite.

The bottle spun and landed on Haley.

"Dare!" She called out.

"I dare you to act like your Mom" Kara told Haley.

Haley the spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"For how long?" Haley asked. "I demand you tell me! No lies!" Haley said in a mock tone of her mother.

The bottle spun and landed on Lilly.

"Dare." She said.

"I dare you to sit there in nothing but your underwear for the next half hour." Haley smiled.

"W-wha?!" Lilly answered blushing a deep red. "O-okay..."

Lilly proceeded to take off her nightclothes and place them on the floor next to her. She was then sitting there in her gold training bra and panties, blushing away. She attempted to cover herself up with her hands but had to move one to spin the bottle.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"For 15 minutes" Kara told her and she watched as Lilly took off her clothes. Seeing her in just her bra and panties. Caused her face to flush her heartbeat started to beat quicker. She looked at Lilly and blushed, The bottle then spun again and landed on Kara.

"Dare" Kara said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"D-don't stare!" Lilly said as her blush increased in intensity. "It's already embarrassing enough."

Kara asked for a dare.

"I dare you to take off your underwear. You can keep your night clothes on." Lilly said. "That'll make it equally as embarrassing for each of us."

The bottle landed on Holly.

"D-dare..." Holly said as she went along with the rest.

Holly then spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth! I want Kara to ask." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

'I-I can't help it you look cute" Kara admitted blushing even more after saying those words.

Getting up Kara slowly took off her panties as she sat back down on the ground blushing. A small deal of hair could be see above her mound plus her peach's lips were slightly open and wet. She looked over at Holly.

"I dare you to keep your hand in your underwear for five minutes" Kara told her.

She turned and looked at Haley.

"You want me to ask you something?" Kara asked.

Thinking of something Kara decided to ask Haley a question.

"Um, what are your true feelings for me?" Kara asked.

"Truth" She said.

Spinning the bottle it landed on Lilly.

"What?!" Holly asked, shocked. She reluctantly placed a hand just inside her panties. Her hand was mainly on her leg. Her face was red from embarrassment.

"That's easy!" Haley answered. "I like you a lot! I think you're a good friend."

Kara wanted truth.

"When was the last time, if ever, you wet the bed?" Haley asked. "If that can't be answered then I want you to tell me when you last wet yourself in either school or in public." Haley said. "I want all the details."

The bottle now landed on Lilly.

"Truth." She said, still blushing at her half-nakedness.

Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare." Haley said. "From Holly."

"Me? Why me?" Holly asked. "I dare you to keep your panties on for the next half hour. If you take them off you have to sit naked!" Holly declared.

"Boo." Haley answered. She then spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara blushed further when Haley told her she liked her a lot. Yet her heart beat even faster when Haley wanted to know the last time she had wet herself and wanted details.

"Um, I never wet the bed, but the last time is school was during the meeting with The Headmaster" Kara began. Blushing as she was forced to relive that crappy time Lilly knew about it since she was there.

"I ended up wetting myself during a spanking actually I was really scared. And couldn't hold it in anymore" Kara added. She went on to further tell Haley about it. Yet she was squirming now her flower's lips opened even further and she was breathing slowly. Kara was getting horny.

"Dare" Kara said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley again.

"So, it turns out I'm the only one who wets the bed." Haley said, not caring about admitting it. "That's expected, I guess." She replied to Kara's story.

Kara asked for Dare.

"I dare you to..." Haley started, thinking up something really good. "I dare you to...kiss Lilly on the cheek!" Haley demanded.

"Huh?!" Was all Lilly could reply.

Kara's bottle spin landed on Haley.

"Truth." Haley stated.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Truth..." Holly answered. "I want Kara to ask it."

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"What?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Lilly and then looked away quickly. She got up slowly and walked over to Lilly leaned down and gave her a small kiss on her right cheek. Before going back and sitting down again.

Sitting down again she brought her hand to her crotch and was lightly pushing against it. Feeling shameful for doing so,

"If you could a new sister to replace either Holly or Lilly who would you want it to be?" Kara asked Haley.

She looked over at Holly.

"Why didn't you like it when I touched your tail?" Kara asked.

"Truth"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

Lilly's blush became more redder when Kara kissed her. Her heart started beating faster and her girlhood was feeling a little strange, almost tingly.

"I don't want a new sister." Haley answered. "I like my two." She considered something. "If I could have yet another sister I'd want it to be you." Haley said to Kara. "That way, we could all have loads of fun. All four of us together!" A large smile appeared on Haley's face.

"U-um." Holly answered. "It made me feel all hot and strange. I couldn't move at all." Holly added. "That's why I didn't like it."

Kara asked for truth.

"Did you think we were really, really cute when Haley and I had ears and tails?" She asked.

The bottle spun and it landed on Lilly.

"Truth." Lilly said, going along with the most common choice.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare!" She answered.

"I dare you to hug Kara." Lilly ordered.

"Okay." Haley shrugged as she moved over to Kara and gave her a big hug. Once finished, she spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara listened to everything that Haley had to say to her. 'Do, you really mean that?" Kara asked Haley. Feeling her eyes mist up she looked over at Holly and listened to what she said,

"Yes, both of you looked really cute" Kara admitted.

Her peach's tingling was increasing and she moved her legs into a better sitting position which gave Lilly for a few seconds a better. View of her peach she looked into her eyes and blushed before looking away,

"Do, you ever touch yourself in a sexual way?" Kara asked her.

She looked over at Haley and then got a big hug from her. Once finished she walked over and gave Haley an even bigger one of her own.

"Dare" Kara said,

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Why wouldn't I?" Haley answered.

Holly blushed and Haley smiled at Kara's answer.

Lilly got a quick flash of what appeared to be Kara's special place. She blushed even more and turned away. Her heart was still beating fast and she felt hot. She thought she saw a few strands of sprouting hair when she caught a quick glimpse at Kara's flower. She thought back to her own, which was still bare.

Kara's truth question surprised Lilly a lot.

"N-no! I don't! I don't I don't I don't!" Lilly quickly answered. She wondered just what Kara had meant by that but she knew it must have been something a little mature for the twins.

"I dare you to sit with your knees up and your legs slightly apart." Haley grinned.

"Truth..." Holly answered.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Dare." Lilly said.

"I dare you to move your hands to the side and not cover yourself up." Holly said.

Lilly gasped at the sudden change in the normally sweet and innocent Holly. She complied with her demands and placed her hands by her side. Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"I don't know, but that means a lot" Kara told Haley.

She blushed more she really didn't believe Lilly answer one bit. But nearly chocked when she heard Haley's dare. "Bbbbbb,but" Kara stammered. She brought both her knees up and moved her legs apart slightly.

Blushing Kara looked down at the ground she felt really embarrassed. Her wet peach could be clearly seen now by Lilly and Holly and Haley.

"Have you ever wet yourself on purpose?" Kara asked her.

She looked over and saw Lilly moved her hands to her sides.

"dare" Kara said again.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

Holly averted her eyes from Kara's front. She didn't want to see it. Kara's question was easily answered.

"No. Never." Holly answered.

"I dare you to not go to the bathroom until we go to bed." Lilly said. It was a pretty reasonable dare. She didn't specifically state a time. As soon as Kara wished to go to bed she could go to the toilet.

"Truth!" Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said.

Running from Lilly's dare, Haley knew what she would say.

"I dare you to not go to the bathroom until we go to bed." Haley quoted Lilly. Holly just groaned in response. She knew it was no good. "I'm thirsty. Can we get some drinks?" Haley asked Kara. "Bring some for all of us, please. I'm sure we'd all like some."

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"Ok, I can do that" Kara told Lilly. She looked over at Haley.

"What was the worst time you ever wet yourself and I want details" Kara told Haley. Mirroring the time when Haley had asked her about it earlier.

She then heard Haley ask about some drinks. Getting up she went over to her phone and dailed the maid's number. A few moments later a young maid around Lilly and Kara's age arrived. By knocking on the door. "You can come in" Kara told the maid,

Who entered into the room with a small cold case filled with various drinks. She looked at all the girls and blushed before leaving the case in the open and leaving the room.

"Truth" Kara said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"I don't really mind about wetting myself. I mean, it's natural, right?" Haley started. "It just means I didn't quite make it to the civil place to let it all out." Haley added on. "Anyway. I guess it was in P.E class last year. I was doing gymnastics and I really needed the bathroom before the class started. It was second period so I had to hurry on from my first to get there and quickly get changed. The toilets were all being used so I decided to ditch the idea of using one. I was just about to do the vaulting horse when I misjudged the jumping distance. I landed flat on it, tender place first. I guess I just kinda lost control after that. I felt my pee soak through my bloomers and onto the horse. Needless to say, the vaulting horse was out after that." Haley admitted.

As soon as the drinks arrived, Lilly and Haley went straight for them.

"What do you think about us?" She asked.

"Dare." Lilly said.

Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth!" Haley said. "Kara again."

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"So, you'd just wet yourself when you want?" Kara asked Haley after listening to everything that Haley had to tell her. Her flowers lips opened even further she was now really turned on from Haley's wetting tale.

"Well I like your shyness and cuteness, I wish you weren't so scared all the time.I like Lilly's friendship and something more. I like how Haley is fun and exciting she's a little sister I wish I could have" Kara admitted.

Kara thought of a dare.

"I dare you kiss me on the lips for five minutes" Kara told Lilly.

"What's the difference between you and Holly?" Kara asked Haley.

"truth'

"I've never done it on purpose before." Haley answered. "Only ever accidental."

"I'm sorry I'm such a coward." Holly answered looking at the ground.

"Something more?" Lilly asked. "What 'more'?"

"Yay!" Haley cried out in joy. "I love you, big sis." Haley added on, playing along with the little sister wish.

"For five whole minutes?! How are we meant to play?" Lilly asked. "Kissing on the lips should only be saved for a lover! I'll do the cheek but not the lips." Lilly added on.

"Well, Lilly's already told you a little about us." Haley answered. "Believe it or not, Holly's my older sister, only by a few minutes. I'm also a blood type O and she's type A. I wet the bed and she doesn't. I've got into trouble at school before whereas Holly hasn't. You want any more about me and Holly?"

Kara asked for truth.

"Do you sleep with stuffed toys like Lilly?" Haley asked.

"Haley!" Lilly quickly cut in. "Don't tell her that!" Lilly blushed.

"Your not a coward, Holly you just need to break out of your shell and that takes time" Kara told her. Kara blushed at this something more but didn't say anymore on it. She looked back at Haley. "Your my special little sis" Kara told Haley and gave her a really big hug, She let Haley go then asked a question.

"Um, Haley could I touch your tail?" Kara asked.

She turned back to Lilly. "How, do you think just kiss me like I did to you remember?" Kara asked.

"When did you both know about your powers?" Kara asked.

She thought about Haley's question. "Yes, I sleep with a stuffed wolf" Kara admitted blushing.

The bottle the spun and landed on Lilly.

"Thanks..." Holly answered with a smile.

"When it's out, sure. But don't do it for too long as it makes me all tingly." Haley replied.

Lilly went along with the dare and kissed Kara on the cheek. Kara's cheek was so soft. Lilly's body felt warm and tingly and her heart was still beating fast. She quickly pulled away and blushed.

"Well, we've had our reading powers from birth, like Lilly's had her mind reading powers." Haley stated. "I guess when we could talk we kind of clicked onto them. If you mean our ears and tails then that was just today."

"Truth." Lilly said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth. Kara again." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said.

"I dare you to drink two drinks within thirty minutes." Haley said.

Holly grumbled and pulled out two drinks and started on her first one. She looked at the clock, the time read '8:18pm". She'd have to finish her drinks before 8:48.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara,

"What kind of tingly?" Kara asked her.

She felt Lilly kiss her warm clear fluids started to run out of her peach and down her leg. She wished that she still was wearing panties. She didn't want Lilly to notice how turned on she was getting from the kissing, She pouted when Lilly pulled away she looked into her eyes.

"When you touched me earlier during dinner how did it make you feel?" Kara asked Lilly.

Kara thought of another question to ask Haley.

"If you could change one thing about Holly, Lilly and me what would it be?' Kara asked.

She went over and took her own drink.

"Dare"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"I'm not quit sure. My body just feels all pins and needles." Haley answered. "Like when you've been sitting on your foot for too long and you can't really feel it that well,"

"I guess it made me feel a little hot and my heart beat fast." Lilly answered, trying to dodge around the question.

"Nothing!" Haley smiled back. "I like you all just the way you are."

"I dare you to hug Lilly." Holly stated to Kara.

The bottle pointed to Holly.

"Truth." Holly said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare." Haley said.

"I dare you to sit on Kara's lap." Holly stated,

Haley shrugged and did what Holly said. Once on Kara's lap, Haley snuggled against her.

"You're soft." She whispered to Kara.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"So, it's like when your leg falls asleep right?" Kara asked Haley. Must likely it was and she got her answer. She listened to Lilly's answer she wanted to ask something further but stopped herself. Kara walked over to Lilly and gave her a big hug. Then let go she looked down and blushed a little of her juices were now on Lilly's gold panties. Blushing and looking away Kara sat back down,

"What is your worst fear?" Kara asked her.

She felt Haley climb onto her lap snuggling against her Kara wrapped both arms and Haley. She pulled her close and kissed her warmhead gently she then started to pet Haley's head like a cat.

"Um, Haley your making m...." Kara's voice trailed off as a large spurt of her clear fluids shot out of her peach and and coated her legs, Feeling Haley sitting on her was really turning her on. "Haley, Haley" Kara thought in a sexual way she wanted to really touch her peach now.

"T-Truth" Kara stammered.

"C-can I put my clothes back on now?" Lilly asked. "I'm getting kind of cold." It had been about 30 minutes since that dare was said so Haley let her do it. Lilly quickly put her nightclothes back on.

"I'm scared of a lot of things." Holly answered. "But what I'm really scared of are heights. Every time I'm up somewhere high I normally black out right away."

Haley grinned, she knew what had just happened. Kara's opened up the perfect opportunity as well by asking for a truth.

"Do you want to touch me in my special place and make me feel good?" Haley asked.

Kara blushed at this and leaned forward so that only Haley would hear her "Yes, please" Kara asked her, She was still petting Haley's head a little bit of her juices started to soak into Haley's baby doll Kara felt like crying she looked into Haley's eyes. Kara eyes were filled with love a deep longing love for this moment.

The bottle spun and it landed on Lilly.

She knew she could get up and put her own panties back on but didn't. She wanted Haley still on her lap she wanted Haley to touch her to tease her.

"Just this once." Haley whispered back. What harm could it do? She lifted up the front of her baby doll and showed Kara her red panties.

"Truth." Lilly said.

Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Truth. From Kara." She said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth. From Kara." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

By now, Holly had already finished one can of drink. She could just feel the slight tinges in her bladder.

Kara saw as Haley pulled her baby doll up and showed her panties. Kara reached with a hand and placed it on Haley's small mound she touched it gently and lovingly pushing her finger's lightly over her peach. She gently push's Haley's panties lightly into her peach, She looked into Haley's eyes and mouthed thank you to her. She lightly rubbed Haley's mound up and down with her fingers.

"What's your worst fear?" Kara asked to Lilly.

She was still blushing and looked at Holly.

"If you could change one thing about me what would it be?" Kara asked to Holly.

She noticed the bottle land on her.

"Truth" She said.

The bottle spun and it landed on Haley again.

"If Holly or Lilly had a major accident meaning a wetting one what would you do? would you comfort them or would you laugh at them?" Kara asked her.

Haley let out a small and quiet giggle.

"That tickles." She whispered to Kara through her giggling. Haley nodded and smiled in response to Kara's mouthed appreciation.

Kara's question for Lilly was what she had expected. Lilly swallowed her apprehension and answered the truth.

"I've never told anyone this before." Lilly started. "My worst fear is thunder and lightening. When I was really little, I was out during a thunderstorm on my way home from pre-school. My Mother's car was in for repairs so I had to walk home with her. A blot of lightening landed behind me and the force of it shot me forwards. I must have fallen unconscious as I don't remember much else after that. The next moment I knew was when I was in hospital. My back hurt a lot and, when I looked in the mirror, I saw a pattern of burn marks on my back which must have been caused from the lightning." Lilly finished. "Here they are." She turned her back to Kara and undone her training bra and pulled up her shirt. On her back, near the top, were some strange markings which looked like a dead tree was tattooed across her shoulder blades. She then done her training bra back up and pulled her shirt down again. "Please don't tell anyone about it." Lilly added.

"Um, I guess I'd like it if you were less...forward and a little more reserved when around me." Holly answered. "Don't take it the wrong way. I just want you to be a little less, what word could I use..., 'clingy'." Holly added on.

Haley thought up a truth question for Kara.

"What are you the most afraid of?" Haley asked. "What scares you the most?"

Haley considered the options given from Kara regarding her truth question.

"Well, I guess I'd do a bit of both." Haley answered. "I'd at first laugh because it would be funny to see Lilly wet herself but after laughing for a short while..." Haley thought a little more. "I'd probably try to comfort them. If I really needed to pee at the time I might just do it in my panties if it would make them happy."

Kara spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare."

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Dare." Lilly replied.

"I dare you to drink three cans of drink within the next hour." Haley dared Lilly.

"Fine." Lilly answered as she finished off her can.

"That one doesn't count. Three more." Haley pouted. Lilly sighed in response and got another can.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara kept up her light rubbing of Haley's small mound pushing inwards against it. But not making any movements to move her fingers underneath the waist band. She didn't want to scare Haley yet or anything.

"Do, you want me to stop?" Kara asked to Haley.

She turned over to Lilly and listened to what she had to say to her. "I promise I won't mention anything to anyone about that" Kara told her. Kara then looked over at Holly and listened to what she had to say.

"So, I should just act normal around you?" Kara asked,

She tickled Haley's small mound with her fingers and petted her head again. Hoping maybe Haley's cat ears and tail would appear again.

"Well, I fear what people think of me, there as been times when I've tried my best to get people to like me. Yet it didn't work I just made them either dislike me or down right hate me. It's sad really because I want people like me and it scares me when I don't know" Kara told Haley.

Kara thought of what Haley had just said along with a dare for her.

"I dare you to try three sodas in the next 30 mins" Kara mentioned to her.

The bottle spun then landed on Kara again.

"Dare"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

Haley continued to giggle away quietly as Kara tickled her treasure.

"I'm fine with it but if you keep it up I may pee myself. We also don't want Holly or Lilly knowing this." Haley answered

Lilly nodded and returned to drinking her drinks.

"Yes. That would be good." Holly replied.

The tickling from Kara finally had an effect on Haley. She felt a little bit of her warm fluids leave her panties. She quickly tightened her bladder muscles to stop any more coming out.

"What did I tell you?" Haley quietly laughed at Kara. "I nearly peed myself."

Kara admitted her truth question.

"Well, you know what I think of you." Haley smiled at Kara.

"I'm fine with you, too." Holly replied.

"Like I said before. I want us all to get along." Lilly answered.

"Okay." Haley answered. "I hope the nappy is really strong tonight." Haley joked as she picked up a can of drink and downed it in one go. She let out a little burp. "Excuse me." Haley chuckled out. She then picked up a second can.

"I dare you to relax everything for around 10 seconds." Lilly said. It was a nice dare, nothing too bad, she thought.

The bottle landed on Holly next.

"Dare." Holly said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Truth. From Kara." Lilly said.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare. From Kara. She always has the best ones." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara kept lightly rubbing Haley's treasure through her panties. Hearing her laugh made her feel happy she listened to what she had to say.

"I wouldn't mind if you peed but I guess it's a good idea if I stop for now" Kara told her. She felt a tiny bit of Haley's fluids leave her panties. She blushed at this and leaned closer to whisper in her ear. "May I do, it again later when were alone?" Kara asked into her ear. She leaned back and pulled Haley closer to her in a hug.

She looked at the others and listened to everything they had to say, When she heard Haley burp she blushed further and relaxed for the ten seconds, Lilly had asked her to do it for just sitting there she felt a large volume of her treasures juices leak out of her. Forming a small pool underneath her body,

"Holly, for the next fifteen minutes I dare you to act like Haley here?" Kara told her.

She looked over at Lilly,

"What sort of panties do you like to wear the must? I'd also like details" asked Kara she blushed after saying this,

Looking back at Haley she thought of a dare for her.

"I dare you, tickle both Holly and Lilly for five minutes each" Kara told her,

"Truth"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Yes, if you want." Haley answered in a whisper. It was kind of fun after all.

"Huh? Why?" Holly whined. "I don't know what you mean."

Panties question?! Lilly was surprised and couldn't help but blush at Kara's question.

"I-I guess I like cute panties." Lilly answered stammering. "I like the feel of silk so I kind of like silk panties. I guess I like the softness against my...tender spot." Lilly added, her voice trailing off at the end.

"Tickle fight?!" Haley asked with a huge smile. "I'll do it when they least expect it." Haley grinned.

Kara asked for truth.

"What sort of panties do you like to wear? I'd like details as well, please." Haley asked practically quoting Kara.

The bottle landed on Lilly.

"Dare." Lilly asked for.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Truth. From Kara." Holly said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara still held Haley in her arms as she listened to what Lilly had to say, Blushing as she took in every detail of what Lilly said,

"There's no need to be embarrassed we are all girls here" Kara told her.

She listened to what Haley had to say and only smiled at this. "Yes, a tickle fight ok I'll be waiting" Kara told her.

She blushed further as she listened to Haley's question.

"Well, I like frilly ones. I like the way they look on me plus I've always been a fan of striped panties to I like the way they feel against my skin" Kara says.

"Lilly, I dare to sit in just your panties from 10 minutes with your legs spread apart. You can leave you top on" Kara told her.

She looked over at Holly.

"What's the worst time that you've ever had an accident?" Kara asked.

"Um, dare from Holly"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"It's just kind of a personal thing..." Lilly replied. "I always see choice of panties as reflecting what a girl is like."

Haley smiled and let out a mischievous chuckle.

More panty things?! Lilly gasped, groaned and then followed Kara's orders.

"I had only just got my clothes back on as well..." Lilly moaned.

Lilly blushed as she had to follow Kara's dare. It's true, they were all girls but it was still really embarrassing.

"I guess it was back in school last year." Holly answered. She fidgeted around on the spot from nervousness. "I was sitting in assembly and I really, really needed to pee but, as I was class representative, I had to give a speech to all the students about what our class had decided to do for our summer festival. You already know how much I'm scared of being with large groups. Talking to them just makes it worse. I was fidgeting in my seat the whole time, I nearly lost it a few times. When I was called up to give my speech halfway through it my already bad need for a toilet got worse and I..." Holly stopped herself for a second as she composed herself. "..I wet myself in front of the whole school while talking."

"I remember that!" Haley called out. "I was pretty funny but I did feel sorry for you as well."

Kara asked for a dare.

"I dare you to drink at least another two liters of drink before bed time." Holly said. She looked over at the clock and it was going on for quarter past nine. Normally, Holly and Haley would have to go be in another three quarters of an hour but this was a special occasion so that rule was as good as void.

The bottle spun and landed on Haley.

"Dare!" She called out without a second thought.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly, who was fidgeting a little from more than just the cold.

"Dare." Lilly answered as she moved about a little while sitting down. The drinks were starting to get at her as she had already finished her second can and moving on to her third.

"I dare you to relax your body for fifteen seconds in around 10 minutes." Haley said. She estimated that that was how long it would take for Lilly to really start feeling the effects of her drinks. Haley must have been being influenced by Kara for asking Lilly to do that.

"Huh?!" Lilly answered.

"You heard me." Haley replied,

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Holly, who was also moving around.

"Truth." Holly answered. They must have known who she wanted it from by now.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"You do know that it's way past the time I told you to sit on Kara's lap for, Haley?" Holly asked her.

"I know. But I've kind of got really comfortable now. I don't want to move." Haley answered.

Kara took in everything that Lilly had to say about panties she was blushing further. And felt her face go flush while watching as Lilly sat down with her legs spread apart. Showing her small mound and treasure Kara could see the outline through her panties. Her own flowers lips opened wider sending more of her juices flowing onto the floor.

She looked over at Holly and listened to everything she had to say. Kara herself wasn't sure how to respond she had reached over and pressed her fingers against Haley's small mound again. More of her juices flowed out of her flower and she stopped touching Haley.

"I feel really sorry for you, that must have been really bad" Kara told Holly. She then listened to what Holly's dare was. Mentioning for Haley to get off her for now Kara first went over and got her panties and pulled them up her legs again. Next she went over and got some soda and started to drink it. Before going over and sitting down again and mentioning for Haley to come sit on her lap again.

She heard Haley say dare and tried to think of something as she watched the events between. Haley and Lilly her face flushed again as more of her juices flowed into her panties creating a small wet spot on the crotch.

"Haley, I dare you to act completely like Holly for the rest of our game" Kara says.

She saw Holly moving around. "Ok, Holly what is your favorite outfit to wear along with panties?" Kara asked.

The bottle was spun and landed on her. "Truth from Lilly" Kara said.

The bottle was spun and landed on Lilly.

Haley returned the gesture of Kara pressing against her flower by pressing against Kara's flower.

"Poke, poke." Haley said as she poked Kara's lips.

"It was." Holly answered. "They still haven't stopped teasing me for it even after this long."

"Um, okay..." Haley replied as she already got into character.

"I guess I'm like Lilly. I really like cute things." Holly answered. "I like clothes with cute animals on and my panties..." Holly stopped for a second. "..I like my panties to be the same. I kind of like things in a set."

Kara asked for truth. Lilly was a little surprised when Kara wanted it to be from her. She fidgeted around some more. She was starting to find it a little hard to get comfortable now.

"Do you have any..." Lilly paused as she fiddled with the hem of her shirt. "...intimate feelings for any of us." Lilly finished while blushing.

The bottle landed on Lilly now.

"Truth." Lilly answered. It was only fair that, after posing such a question, she'd also open herself up to a grilling like it.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Um, truth." Haley answered, still in character.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said. "From Kara."

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara felt Haley return the favor by pressing against her own treasure with her fingers. Just feeling the contact with her small fingers was enough to send some of her own juices. To further soak into the crotch of her panties. Kara seemed to return the favor by pressing her own fingers against Haley's small mound.

"Poke, Poke." Kara countered as she poked Haley's lips.

She looked over at Holly, and listened to what she said.

"I would have stood up for you, that just still isn't right" Kara says. She further heard what Holly had to saying blushing even more once Holly was finished. She was about to say something else when she heard what Lilly's question was. This was something new for Kara and wasn't really sure how to respond.

Looking over at Lilly. Kara thought of what to say "I-I-I have really strong feelings for Holly um, I've had a crush on her for a while now, I've been slowly starting to get these same feelings for you as well Lilly" Kara says blushing crimson she looks over at Haley. "I've even started to develop some slight feelings for Haley here as well" She added.

"Ok, then I ask you the same question Lilly that you asked me" Kara asked.

The bottle spun on Haley who asked for truth,

"Do, you think that your sister Holly is jealous of the attention you have been getting since you sat on my lap do, you think she wishes it was her here and not you?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Holly.

"Um, I dare you kiss me on both cheeks" Kara told her.

"Truth, from both Lilly and Holly make it in the form of a two way question" Kara told the pair.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

The poking from Kara had caused Haley to wet herself a little more. A large spurt escaped her tender treasure to dampen Kara's fingers.

"I'm peeing myself again." Haley chuckled out quietly. "Do you want me to let it all out on your lap?" Haley asked thinking back to Kara's confession of liking girls who wet themselves. "I won't mind. I don't think Lilly will either, she'll likely tell me off for not letting her know that I needed to pee but she'll get over it and try to comfort me." Haley was now moving around on Kara's lap. She waited for Kara's answer regarding her question.

Lilly and Holly blushed and Haley just hugged Kara.

"I love you, too." Haley said.

"I-I didn't think you'll tell us just who." Lilly stammered out.

"Ehhhhh?" Holly said while blushing bright red.

As Lilly had expected, Kara wanted the same out of her.

"I-I guess that I've kind of gotten to l-like you since we've spent so much time together."" Lilly answered as she fidgeted around and played with her shirt again.

Haley smiled, the perfect opportunity to help the two become close again.

"Why, yes. I think she has." Haley answered with a smile. "She'd love to come up here with us and knock me off your lap but she's too chicken to."

"D-don't say that!" Holly retaliated. "I'm not a chicken!"

Haley just answered by making chicken noises. Holly got up from where she was, pushed Haley to the side a little and sat on Kara's lap.

"Told you!" Holly angrily said to Haley. "I'm not a chicken!"

Kara's dare hit Holly hard as well. She knew that if she backed out of it then she'll incite more taunting from Haley. Holly went with the dare and kissed Kara on each cheek.

"Easy." Holly said triumphantly.

Kara asked for a two-way truth question. Just how were they going to pull this off?

"Are you happy being alone here?" Lilly asked. "Are you an only child?"

"Do you get really lonely and want to spend time with someone?" Holly asked. "Would you like to get to know us better?"

Kara spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth!" Haley answered.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Dare. From Kara." Lilly said.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara felt a large spurt from Haley's treasure dampen her fingers she felt the wetness. Only blushing as she looked into Haley's eyes she wasn't sure how to respond to her question. "I-I-I" Kara stammered out she had by now stopped touching Haley and was crying on the inside because of it, "Um, not yet how can we be alone?" Kara asked her quietly.

She listened to what everyone said she returned Haley's own hug.

"W-was it a bad thing to do I mean, if it makes everything bad I-I'm sorry" Kara stated.

She felt her eyes tearing up as she wasn't sure on how they'd all now take her true feelings. She placed her head on Haley's shoulder and started to cry softly as she heard Lilly's confession.

"Do, you really mean that?" Kara asked to Lilly.

She then looked over at the twins and listened to their exchange Haley taunted Holly to come over and sit on her lap. Which she did and then kissed Kara on both cheeks. She wanted to put an arm around Holly and pull her close but didn't as it might scare her.

She listened to both sets of questions from both Lilly and Holly.

"I'm an only child, and no I'm not happy being alone often times I wonder what it would be like to have a sister" Kara tells her.

She looks over at Holly.

"Yes, all the time really, I wanna pend time with someone special and important to me. I'd like to get to know you all better if that's ok I know there's somethings I don't know about any of you" Kara stated.

"Um, Haley have you got a crush on someone?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Lilly.

"I dare you, to tell me the last time you felt really embarrassed and had a bad accident" Kara asked.

"Um, truth again but from Haley and Holly" Kara asked.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"I think I may do it accidentally anyway." Haley whispered back as she squirmed around some more. "I really, really need to pee but I just don't want to move off your lap."

"Yes. I do." Lilly answered. "Does it bother you?"

"Sister's are not all they're cracked up to be." Haley said. "Holly always causes me no end of trouble." Haley joked.

"I think it's the other way around!" Holly retorted. "You're always causing me trouble!"

"Whatever." Haley rolled her eyes in response.

"Well, I want to spend more time with you, Big Sis!" Haley cheerfully said as she hugged Kara again before moving around some more. she estimated she could last for another five minutes before she started to leak.

"I want to get to know you, too." Lilly answered.

"Same here." Holly added on.

"Not as of yet but..." Haley smiled as she looked towards Kara. "That may change..."

"That's more of a truth." Lilly replied a little shocked. "A-anyway. I guess it was a little while ago..." Lilly thought back to her encounter with the annoying Water User. "...I really needed to pee on a car trip to the countryside. The windows were down and we were passing by a river. The sound of the river didn't really help matters and the next rest stop wasn't until we reached out destination as we were not near any main roads. The roads were so bumpy and uneven that I was being thrown about in the back of the car. I guess, coupled with my need for the toilet and the sound of the river, that's what caused me to...you know...lose control." Lilly half lied, she couldn't tell Kara the truth.

Kara asked for another joint truth from Haley and Holly this time.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" Haley asked.

"Do you..." Holly thought of a question. "Do you...want me to..." Holly couldn't bring herself to say this but she knew she'd have to to act out the dare she was given earlier. "Do you want me to...touch you like Haley did?" Holly quietly asked Kara.

The bottle spun and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said, hoping to be given some more things to make her seem like less of a coward.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on the still squirming and slightly pained looking Lilly.

"Dare." She said. "From Kara." Lilly was now, secretly to her, holding herself a little. She made it look like she was just resting her hands over her exposed panties to try and hide them. She looked over at the clock. In another three minutes Lilly would have to carry out Haley's earlier dare to her. She knew it would be bad but she couldn't back out, not now.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara listened to what Haley had to say to her. Again she wasn't sure how to respond to it first with Holly next to her. "It would be best if you go now to avoid the accident" Kara whispered to her. She then listened to what Lilly had to say.

"Actually no it makes me feel happy" Kara tells her.

She listens to what all three girls had to say and hugged Haley back.

"Me as well" Kara says.

"Well, I couldn't really think of a dare for you" Kara says as she listened to everything Lilly says to her. "I-I wish I could have seen it" Kara stammered out blushing as she tried to picture. Lilly having an accident.

"I've never had a boyfriend before" Kara tells Haley.

She looks over at Holly and blushes more as she listens to her question. "Could you please?" Kara asked Holly in a whisper.

"Ok, Holly I dare you to for the rest of our game show us your panties" Kara tells her.

She looks over at Lilly and notices the way her hands are covering her panties. "I dare you to create a tiny wet spot on your panties" Kara tells Lilly blushing more. Her juices were coating her panties further.

"Triple dare from all three of you"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Boo." Haley pouted. "No fun."

Then, Haley realized a small loop-hole in what Kara had said. Kara just told her to 'go now', she didn't say to go to the toilet. Haley took her chances and let it all out on Kara's lap. Kara should have been a little more specific. Haley was giggling to herself as she felt her warm urine soak out of her panties and pool underneath her on Kara's lap, potentially soaking into Kara's baby doll. Haley had already moved her own out of the way involuntarily by her movements. Haley felt the fluid trickle down her legs and pool around her rear.

"Couldn't hold it any more, sorry." Haley whispered to Kara. Holly was just out of the range of the puddle so it didn't touch her. Haley felt a little naughty and tingly now that she had voluntarily wet herself on someone's lap.

"That's good." Lilly replied quietly as she looked down and smiled. Kara's comment towards Lilly's story caused her to blush. "That would have been super embarrassing."

"Too bad." Haley answered with a slight frown.

"O-okay." Holly answered as she went to poke Kara's girlhood. Holly felt a large wetness there. She quickly pulled her hand back before summoning up the courage to poke it twice. Had Kara just peed? Or was it someone else? Holly was about to ask when the game continued.

"Wha? Really?" Holly asked blushing bright red. Holly folded up the bottom of her nightdress and made it so her panties were visible to all. She blushed even more and was starting to fidget around from the coldness and her ever growing need for relief, which she was denied.

"That's absurd!" Lilly hastily answered. She then remembered that she had to follow the rules of the game so, with great apprehension, she tried to leak a little out. No luck. She tried again. Same result.

"I...can't." Lilly answered. All that had done was made her fidgeting twice as worse. She really wanted to just go to the toilet but she was prevented by a dare. She wished that bed time would come faster otherwise she was sure to wet herself. She had, by now, started to sit with her small mound pressing against the side of her foot while she bobbed back and forth and bounced up and down.

There was about to be a triple dare when...

...Lilly and Holly realized that Haley looked a lot happier and was laughing to herself. From knowing her, Lilly knew that she must have done something really inappropriate or was thinking up something just as inappropriate.

"What are you laughing about?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Nooothing." Haley answered with a smile and a laugh.

Holly let out a small cry.

"Haley's peed herself!" Holly screamed out.

Kara leaned closer to Haley. "When were along you can do whatever you wish ok?" Kara says to Haley. Yet it was right then and there that Kara felt Haley lose control and start to pee herself right then and there. She felt the warm fluids splash on her leg soaking into her panties. Then form a small puddle underneath her this was to much for Kara she started to cry. As she knew what Haley had done she felt embarrassed as. Her own juices squirted into her own panties completely soaking the wet crotch.

Kara used a free hand and was starting to push against Haley's mound again. She looked over at Lilly. "I would have comforted you" Kara says.

She then feels Holly touch her treasure Kara moans softly yet feels sad when Holly stopped touching her between her legs. Yet she watched as Holly pulled up her nightdress and showed her panties to everyone.

Kara was busy watching Lilly. "N-Need some help?" Kara offered hoping that maybe Lilly would say yes. She wasn't sure just what the triple dare would be when she heard Holly scream out that Haley had peed herself.

Her own juices flowed more freely as Kara came a flood of clear fluids shot into her panties adding to Haley's puddle. Kara buried her face into her hands as she cried.

"What?!" Lilly asked surprised. "Haley, is that true?"

Haley shrugged.

"Well, yeah. I really needed to go but, because of a dare, I couldn't, so, I wet myself." Haley stated matter of factly. "I'm sorry, Kara, I really couldn't hold it any more." Haley said as she gave Kara a hug. She whispered something to Kara. "I thought you'd like it. I wasn't expecting you to cry."

"Haley!" Lilly answered. "You and I are going to have a long talk tonight. Now, go and get yourself cleaned up right now!"

Haley did mock sarcastic salute.

"Yes, Ma'am." Haley sarcastically answered as she pushed herself off Kara's lap, ensuring that her right hand pressed against Kara's wet girlhood. Haley then walked to the door and turned back to Kara.

"Where was the bathroom again?" Haley asked as she casually stood in her dripping wet panties and damp baby doll.

Kara was still crying softly she had. Moved her hands away from her face and looked at the other girls. "Haley, I did enjoy it I really did it's just that I wanted it to happen when we were alone together" Kara tells her. She returned the hug and felt as Haley got up off of her. Feeling as Haley's right hand touches her peach a small bit of juices leaked out onto Haley's tiny hand.

"Everyone, I'm sorry it's just that I'm still embarrassed about you guys knowing this" Kara says. She looks at each of the girls "I've been alone most of my life and never really have had true friends let alone ones who know. That I get really turned on when I see girl's really desperate and need to pee" Kara added. As she was saying this more of her juices leaked into her panties.

"I mean Lilly and Holly you both look really cute right now. I just wanna go up to each of you and hold you in my arms. I want to run my fingers across your panties and feel your sweet treasures as your juices flow onto my fingers" Kara confessed to them.

She looks over at Haley who had asked where the bathroom was. "I actually have a bathroom in my room right over there" Kara said. She pointed over to the wall where a small door was located.

"Maybe next time." Haley whispered back before she pushed herself off Kara's lap. She felt her hand become wet when it made contact with Kara's panties. It was more than just the liquid on them from Haley's deliberate accident.

"That's embarrassing." Lilly answered as she blushed some more and fidgeted around. She was finding it really hard to hold her urine in after seeing Haley's 'accident'. "It's not that I find it weird or anything. It's just that...well..." Lilly answered.

"Peeing's a rather private thing." Holly added on the end. "I know that I wouldn't be able to do it in front of anyone on purpose." Holly squirmed around and practically mimicked Lilly's movements. She was also having a really hard time holding it all in.

"Oh, okay." Haley replied as she made her way towards the en suite bathroom. She went inside and didn't bother closing the door behind her. She started to take off her sodden clothes, leaving herself standing naked. She didn't care that the others could see her, they were all girls after all so it wasn't like they were seeing anything new.

Kara listened to everything everyone had to say to her. "It's something that should be kept private right?" Kara asked to Lilly she saw her fidgeting around. This was starting to turn her on again as she felt more of her juices leak out into her panties. She only watched Lilly move around and really wanted to go over there. But was currently afraid to do so. Her right hand moved down to her mound and was pushing against it gently.

She turned her gaze over to Holly. Seeing as she was also fidgeting around Kara's movements against her mound seemed to increase ever so slightly. More juices seemed to leak out into her panties and puddle. "I know, but it's just a beautiful thing to see especially if it's from someone I like" Kara added. She wanted to pull Holly closer to her but didn't.

She looked over at Haley who had went into the bathroom and started to change. She had taken off her wet and sodden clothes and was standing naked in the bathroom. Kara just looked at her a look of longing in her eyes. She gently pushed Holly off her lap and moved her hand away from her crotch. Going into her closet she pulled out a new baby doll. Then went into the bathroom and joined Haley.

"Um, I" Kara stammered.

"Let's bathe together! All four of us!" Haley cut in before Kara could explain herself.

"Huh?! Wha?!" Lilly stammered out in shock.

"You can't be serious!" Holly answered as her face turned bright red.

"Why not? The bath's big enough for all of us!" Haley answered. "Besides, we should all be getting ready for bed soon anyway. It's getting kinda late and I want ghost stories!"

"But still-!" Lilly tried to say.

"We're all girls so what does it matter? Plus, we always bathe together, don't we?" Haley cut Lilly off.

Lilly let out a sigh and considered it. Maybe, just maybe...

Spurt!

Lilly felt a little warm wetness enter her panties. She quickly jammed both hands down there. It appeared that her bladder was reaching its limits.

"Gotta pee! Gotta pee!" Lilly cried out in her mind.

"S-sure. We can do that." Lilly had now answered and took on Haley's offer of a bath. Maybe she could relieve herself beforehand?

Hisss.

A small stream of warm liquid left Lilly's girlhood now. She won't last for much longer.

"Screw the dare! I've gotta pee!" Lilly shouted out as she raced into the bathroom, not caring that Haley and Kara were in there. She ran to the toilet, leaving a small drip trail behind her, pulled down her wet panties, sat on the toilet and...

Hissss...trickle trickle tickle...

Lilly let out a huge sigh of relief.

"I needed that..." She sighed out contentedly.

Kara didn't know what to say when she heard Haley say that they all should bathe together. All she did was blush bright red she felt more of her own pleasure juices leak into her sodden panties. Kara squirmed around on the spot not from needing to pee but because she was really moist between her legs.

"B-But" Kara stammered out.

She looked over at the large walk in shower to her right it was made out white marble. Several shower heads lined each of the walls where water could spray down from every angle.

"I-I don't know, I'm a little scared actually" Kara says.

On the inside Kara couldn't be happier she really wanted to see both Lilly and Holly naked. Even more juices leaked into her panties which. Then started to overflow and leak down her legs again Kara squirmed on the spot. She didn't see Lilly doing the pee dance behind her but saw as she rushed past and quickly sit down on the toilet.

Yet, before when she heard Lilly say she needed to pee Kara flooded her panties. With her pleasure juices clear fluids were leaking out of the crotch of her panties. And were running down her legs making it seem like she herself had wet herself. Looking down Kara gasped in embarrassment.

She quickly took off her sodden panties and baby doll and stepped into the shower. She turned on the warm water letting the spray of water touch her tender skin. She set the water level to the right setting and stood there alone. Her peach's lips were fully open now and Kara felt a strong itch between her legs she wanted to reach and rub herself.

"Let's go!" Haley smiled back to Kara as she headed towards the showers. "Lilly and Holly will join us soon."

"Lilly! You're mean!" Holly whined as she squirmed around back in the main bedroom. "Hurry up, I'm going to wet myself!" Holly cried out as she ran into the toilet after Lilly.

Once Lilly had let out all of her bladder's contents she finally realized just what she had done. Her face turned bright red as she saw Kara and Haley in the bathroom with her.

"S-sorry. I was seriously about to burst." Lilly stammered out. She then wiped herself down and flushed the toilet behind her before washing her hands and undressing. Despite the fact that they were all girls, Lilly still felt really embarrassed as she stood naked in the bathroom by the showers. She fidgeted around from embarrassment as Holly took her place on the toilet. The was a small puddle in the place where Holly was standing. Lilly concluded that, if she had been a little longer, Holly would have completely wet herself.

Haley crept up behind the showering Kara. She held both her hands up before pouncing on Kara and placing them on her small breasts.

"Aww, I was hoping they'd be bigger than Lilly's." Haley said as she fondled Kara's small breasts. "They're about the same size..."

Kara remained standing in the shower letting the water touch her wonderful skin. She didn't see Holly who was squirming around outside in her room. Her gaze was still fixed on Lilly whom was still on the toilet for now anyway. The strong itch between her legs was growing by the second she squirmed around again as she. Really wanted to rub herself between her legs more juices squirted out as she watched Lilly undress and stand outside by the shower door,

She was now watching Holly whom next sat down on the toilet. Blushing Kara didn't know that Haley had crept up behind her until it was to late. She felt a pair of tiny hands grab both her breasts as she felt Haley start to fondle them.

"Ah, Ah," Kara moaned.

Blushing so red her face looked like a tomato Kara felt her juices running down her legs. She parted her legs and reaching down with her hand started to rub herself. Running her fingers over her peaches lips Kara moaned softly.

"H-Haley please, p-p-please" Kara moaned.

She was really starting to enjoy Haley's fondling.

Lilly had finally gathered up the courage to enter the shower. She held a towel over her front which managed to cover up all the embarrassing bits which Lilly didn't want to show. She considered knocking on the shower door before entering but she pushed that thought aside. It's just seem strange.

Lilly opened the shower door and announced that she was coming in. Haley, seeing the opportunity, pounced towards Lilly and did the same movements she was doing to Kara. Lilly let out a startled scream.

"They're about the same size. I was hoping for a little boobie war." Haley pouted. She then dived back onto Kara.

"Haley! Stop it!" Lilly scolded, red faced. "Have some control! We're guests here!"

The sound of a toilet flushing attracted Lilly and Haley's attention. They then heard a tap running and the silhouette of Holly could be seen past the misted glass of the shower. Holly was now undressing and coming in. She entered in the same way as Lilly. The only difference being that Holly was blushing a lot more.

"D-don't stare." Holly quietly said.

Kara pouted as she felt Haley's hands leave her breasts and noticed as Lilly had finally gotten into the shower. Yet she felt Haley's hands again on her body and Kara moaned softly yet again.

"I-I" Kara stammered out.

She felt a large squirt of her pleasure juices leak out of her peach and run down her legs. She really wanted to further touch herself between her legs and she was doing that. Her fingers had entered her body.

Running her fingers over her labia slowly placing her fingers int and out of her body. As Kara saw the naked Holly enter into the shower she felt something else building within her.

"I need to pee" Kara thought with out knowing it she placed a hand on Haley's and brought it down to her peach hoping Haley would rub her down there.

"I-I guess I came in at the wrong time. I'll leave you to it." Lilly blushed bright red and turned as she saw Kara rubbing herself.

"What are you doing, Kara?" Holly asked. "Is it what Lilly does some nights? Have you got an itch down below?"

Lilly blushed even more.

"Holly!" She hissed through gritted teeth. "Don't say that!"

"Oooo. Is Kara feeling a little itchy?" Haley smiled out, she had a rough idea as to what it was. She'd read it off Lilly a few times. "Want me to scratch it?" Haley asked just as Kara's hand was placed on her own and moved down to the tender spot. "I take that as a yes."

Haley started the motions she'd read off Lilly.

"First rub and then insert." She said to herself as she did the movements. "Move in and out a few times and then circle..."

Kara felt as Haley rubbed her hand up and down her tender spot. Pushing Kara's own hand against it she followed what Haley said. She lightly rubbed her peach and then inserted a finger inside herself. It slid into her peach easily enough she moved her finger in and out rapidly and then with her thumb circled the top part of her peach.

She looked over at Lilly. "P-Please stay Lilly" Kara said softly.

She looked then over at Holly and blushed. "I-I'm rubbing myself, I have a bad itch down there" Kara admitted hoping that she wasn't going to be hated by either girl. Kara felt her need to pee increase from Haley's rubbing and a tiny bit of golden fluid started to leak onto Haley's hand.

Inside of her mind Kara began to picture all three girls touching and caressing her body. She pictured both Holly and Haley licking both her small nipples on her breasts with their tongues she then. Pictured Lilly between her legs playing with her peach with her fingers sliding them up and down the length of her peach before slipping inside.

Thinking this Kara blushed the deepest red yet. "Haley" Kara moaned softly.

"It's working better than I expected." Haley said as she felt a warm wetness coat her hand from Kara's girlhood.

"Haley!" Lilly shouted. "Stop it!" She stormed over to Haley and pulled her off Kara.

"Lilly!" Haley groaned. "I was just teaching her what you do!"

"QUIET!" Lilly shouted to Haley. "You and me are really going to have a stern talking later!" Lilly then turned to Kara. "I'm really sorry. Haley's a little misbehaved all the time. I try to keep her in line but, as you know, I was...indisposed at the time she came on to you. Please, forgive my little Half-sister's complete lack of manners." Lilly bowed her head low. She quickly stood back up when the front of her towel fell down and flashed her tiny breasts for a few seconds. Lilly blushed as she pushed the towel closer to her again.

Kara was clearly enjoying what Haley was doing to her as she felt her hands touching her tender spot. Her world seemed to shatter as she felt Haley ebing pulled off of her. As she saw Lilly standing there.

"N-No" Kara answered as she really wanted to feel Haley touch her some more.

Listening to what was said between the pair Kara's legs felt weak and she sat down. On the small step that was located within the shower.

"It's ok, Lilly, I should be the one saying I'm sorry" Kara tells her.She looks back over at Haley a look of longing in her eyes that says. Please touch me again she looks back at Lilly again. And sees the top of her breasts for a few seconds Kara quickly looked away.

"I forgive you" Kara says.

"Now, Haley, apologize to Kara this instant!" Lilly scolded Haley.

"Sorry Kara." Haley answered kind of forced.

"Lilly, what was Haley doing to Kara?" Holly asked as she walked into the showers a little more. Lilly blushed bright red at this.

"Y-You'll find out when you're older." Lilly stammered out.

"Okay." Holly answered.

"Now that we're all in here, let's get showered and ready for bed." Lilly suggested as she stood under one of the showers. She took the towel off herself and placed it to one side while she turned the showers on.

"Mean Lilly." Haley pouted as she walked over to the shower next to Kara and proceeded to shower herself. Under the sound of the running water, Haley leaned in closer to Kara and whispered to her.

"Did you like that? Want me to do it again later?" Haley suggested with a smile.

Still sitting down, Kara listened to both Haley and Lilly.

"It's ok Haley, it's ok" Kara says.

She saw as Lilly blushed and Holly asked her a question, Yet Kara herself so nothing of this yet still felt the need to pee.

"Yeah, we should after all tomorrow is a big day with the battle and all" Kara pointed out. She tried not to look to long at Lilly's who was naked. As Kara got up again and started to shower she noticed Haley had came over to her.

"Yes, could you please?" Kara asked really quietly.

"Alright." Haley replied. "What's our sleeping arrangements? If we're in sleeping bags in your room it'll be a snap for me to get into your bag and do it."

Once Haley had finished scheming with Kara, she put on her innocent act again.

"Don't forget, we've still got ghost stories to go." Haley said over the sounds of the water. "I wanna be too scared to go to the bathroom so they'd better be good!" Haley added with a smile. "Not that I'd need to, though."

"I don't wanna be too scared to go to the bathroom. What if I wet myself?" Holly said as her voice was already shaking a little.

"Then I'd go with you so you wouldn't be alone." Lilly replied. Truth be told, Lilly's most likely be too scared to go to the toilet as well if the stories were that bad.

"Thanks, Lilly." Holly smiled back weakly.

"Um, I was planning on sleeping in my own bed, you could join me if you want" Kara whispered to her.

She listened to what else Haley had to say.

"I've never told ghost stories before, but I have wet myself when watching scary movies before" Kara admitted blushing as she said this.

She looked over at Lilly and Holly. "Some sleeping bags should be in the room for you guys" Kara told them.

As. all four girls were busy in the shower a young maid entered into Kara's room. She had brought three sleeping bags which were needed. By Lilly and the twins along with a small nappy for Haley. It was white and had small kittens upon it. The maid also brought a letter which had the seal of "Evergreen" upon it she placed these at the foot of Kara's bed and left the room.

"Stealth mission!" Haley whispered quietly to Kara. "I can do that. All I've got to do is wait until Holly and Lilly are fast asleep and then I can sneak into your bed. It'd be easier to do if you un tuck the bottom so I can slink in from there."

"Same here. Except I have wet myself from scary stories before as well." Holly replied as she blushed red. "Haley's got the knack for those things. I'm sure she likes seeing me like that. It probably makes her feel better about her own 'problem' with sleeping."

"No it doesn't!" Haley shot back.

The girls continued their shower and Lilly was the first to finish.

"I'll go ahead and wait in the room for you." Lilly said as she walked out of the shower and dried herself off in the bathroom.

Holly and Haley finished shortly after Lilly.

"I'll make sure to do that" Kara told Haley. She then listened to what Holly had to say.

"Then we are kinda alike then?" Kara tells Holly.

Kara soon finished up in the shower and dried herself down. Walking outside with a towel around herself. She walked into the closet and pulled out a black baby doll with white flower like panties. Walking back out she walked over to the bed. Seeing the letter from 'Evergreen' Kara opened it and began to read it.

The letter seemed to say that starting Monday some changes would be coming along. All students would now need to start wearing school uniforms. Something about several new courses starting up was also mentioned these new courses would be teaching magic. Kara smiled at this.

"Seems, like starting on Monday we will need to wear school uniforms to school, and we are going to be taught magic as well" Kara told Lilly.

She read the letter further it told her that she was to be placed in the advanced magical studies course.

Haley winked at Kara as she left the shower to dry herself off. She didn't bother wrapping a towel around herself as she walked back to the closet naked to find some new nightclothes to wear. She picked out a plain pair of yellow panties and a nightdress which was just a little too short for her. If anyone looked closely, they could just about see the crotch of her panties, if she put them on, which she did not. She placed the panties into the pocket at the top of the nightdress. She then left the closet and headed back towards the room.

Lilly was already waiting in her sleeping bag checking once more over her news-feeds before finally bedding down for the night.

Holly had already dried herself off and she was already lying in her sleeping bag.

"Huh?!" Lilly answered startled as she sat upright. "We'll have UNIFORMS?! And MAGIC LESSONS?!" Lilly could barely believe what she was hearing.

Kara sat down on her bed as she read the letter further. She looked over at Lilly who wasn't really sure what to believe.

'That's what the letter says, uniforms and magic lessons, plus something of a magical duel to" Kara tells her. She thought for a moment on what else to say about it.

"It seems that I'm being placed into an advanced magic class starting Monday" Kara added. She handed the letter to Lilly so she could read it.

While still sitting on the bed Kara felt a wave of excitement wash over her. Magic Lessons sounded so cool so did this magical duel as well. She wasn't to big of a fan on having to wear a uniform now.

"Just what's happening to this town?" Lilly asked. "I though empowered ones like us were few and far between. How can anybody get powers like ours without signing the contract?" Lilly thought for a second. "Are they, perhaps, trying to raise an army of empowered ones?"

Kara handed Lilly the letter. It was all there in black and white. Lilly perused the letter.

"D'you think that I'll be placed in lessons like yours?" Lilly asked Kara. "I've probably got one of these at home as well. I'll check tomorrow.

Magic lessons and school uniforms? Things were getting interesting it seemed.

"I wouldn't know, all I know of empowered ones are you, me and some water user I fought back at the hospital" Kara tells her. Watching as she read the letter "but this is amazing I can't wait for Monday" Kara says.

She listened to what else Lilly as to say.

"I'm guess most likely, hey maybe we even have the same class together?" Kara says with joy.

She then thinks about tomorrow.

"The duel tomorrow can be a training match for us for what's to come?" Kara asked.

"What?!" Lilly shouted out. "You fought her, too?!" Lilly gasped and quickly covered her mouth. She shouldn't have said that.

"Hopefully." Lilly replied with a smile.

"Yeah. The fight could work out like that." Lilly considered.

"Cut the talk!" Haley cut in. "I want ghost stories!"

Kara jumped a little as she heard what Lilly said. "Wait, you fought her too?" Kara asked. She got up off the bed and walked to Lilly. Leaning close enough to her she whispered. "We, need to talk about this water user later ok?" Kara asked.

She backed away from Lilly.

"I'm sure you will be this sounds like so much fun" Kara added.

She then heard Haley cut in.

"Ok, then you go first"

"Alright." Lilly answered as she squirmed around from the memories of that fight.

"Okay, I'll start." Haley smiled.

"Once, my car broke down, in the middle of nowhere. i soon walked to a small house, with a sweet old couple who invited me to stay the night, since it was very late. i was hesitant, i mean, youve seen the movies these days! but i went anyway, thinking whats the worst that could happen in there that wouldn't happen in the cold dark woods in the middle of NOWHERE! so i chose the house. after a delicious meal, they showed me a small room in the back, and showed me a bathroom 3 doors down the hall.

They said there are no rules other than not to go in their daughters room, and since they had been so sweet, i agreed. well, i woke that night needing to go to the bathroom, and as i was walking back to my room, i looked in the little girls key hole, just to peek, and i just saw red, i relaxed, they just had repainted the room and didn't want me ruining it, that's all! well the next morning i went downstairs a little guilty, and confessed to peeking, but not actually going it, which i was happy i didn't, they then told me, 'Oh..well, our daughter died about a month ago, she died of a stroke in the front of her brain, it made her eyes turn blood red, then she passed on..' "

Kara took notice of Lilly's squirming around but said nothing of it. She sat down on the bed again and listened to Haley's tale.

While listening Kara began to feel the building effects of needing to pee. She still had not gone yet. The story was starting to scare her as she squirmed around on her bed. Getting up off her bed. Kara pulled back the covers and got under them.

She squirmed around again in fear, she was never really a fan of scary things.

"So, what do you think?" Haley asked. "Pretty good, right?"

Holly just shivered in fright and pulled her sleeping bag closer to Lilly, who was also looking a little worse for wear.

"N-not bad." Lilly said as she tried to hide her fear. "I've heard worse."

Holly just shivered some more. "Lilly, that's just a story, right? Ghosts can't come back, can they?" Holly asked.

"O-of course not!" Lilly answered lying to herself as well. She believed it. "That's so unscientific!"

"Your turn now, Kara." Haley said. "Scare me so I wet my panties!"

"Um, you did really well, and please if you need to pee go now" Kara tells Haley.

Kara tried to think of a story to tell. "I call this story The Grinning Skull" Kara says.

A young lady called Anne Griffith who lived in Burton Agnes Hall, was walking home from a nearby village. As she came close to her house, she was stopped on the road by a pair of men who were begging for money.

The kindly Anne opened her purse to give them some money, but the evil men saw she was wearing a diamond ring. The vicious pair demanded that she hand over her jewelry. The men grabbed the diamond ring off her finger and when she resisted, the evil men beat her savagely with a club and fled.

Anne managed to crawl the distance to the gate way of her home at Burton Agnes Hall where she was found by a servant. She was taken to her family but was so badly injured that she died of her wounds a few hours later. But before she died she made a strange request that shocked her family.

She asked that her head be removed from her body and that is should remain within the house or terrible things would happen. Not wanting to carry out the unusual request, her family buried the poor girl in the nearby church graveyard the following day.

On the night of her funeral when everyone had gone to bed, strange loud wailing noises and banging doors kept every one up all night. These disturbed evenings carried on for three days. Feeling uneasy about the series of events they decided to exhume her body. When the cask was opened they were faced with her bare grinning skull on her otherwise normal body. Her skull was removed and placed within the house and the tormenting evenings stopped.

A few years later when a new family moved into the house a box was found containing Anne’s skull and a maid threw it into a cart containing rubbish. The horses pulling the cart would not move. Instead, they reared and trembled in fear, the hall shook and pictures fell of the wall until the skull was removed from the cart and replaced inside the house.

When local villagers informed the new owner about the legend of the grinning skull and Annes death, the skull was bricked up in a wall within the house so that it could never be removed.

Although nobody knows the exact location of the skull, legend has it that the skull was buried in the wall behind the picture of Anne on the Main staircase. Every year, on the anniversary of her death, Anne’s ghost can be seen emerging from the picture, floating down the staircase, through the house and then down a lane behind the house where she disappears.

"D-do you have any pictures like that one here?" Holly asked. "Please don't say that you do."

"Don't be such a baby." Lilly commented firmly. Her shaking body told otherwise. "That can't happen."

"Not bad." Haley said. "Still not scary, though. I'll show you a real story! This one's called 'The Graveyard Wager'."

"A group of young girls were having a slumber party one night and began to exchange ghost stories. One girl claimed that the old man who had been buried earlier that week in the graveyard down the street had been buried alive. She claimed that if you tried, you could hear him still scratching at the lid of his coffin. The other girls called her bluff and told her that she wouldn’t do it. They said she was too afraid to go down there to the grave that very night. They continued to challenge her and eventually she gave into the peer pressure and accepted their challenge. Since she was going to go alone, she needed to prove to the others that she actually followed through with the task. She was supposed to take a stake with her and drive it into the ground so the next day the girls would know that she had been to the grave.

She headed off to the grave-site, stake in hand, and never returned. The other girls assumed she had "chickened out" and had just gone home instead.

The next morning as they passed the graveyard they saw her there at the old man's grave. She had accidentally staked her nightshirt to the ground and when she tried to run from the grave, she couldn't... she died of fright right on the grave!"

Kara squirmed around in her bed he need to pee increasing as she then listened to Haley's tale. She began to whimper as she she was starting to feel rather scared. Her poor bladder was swelling and it was rapidly filling up with urine.

"P..Please no more" Kara thought as she reached under her covers and started pressing against her girlhood. Hoping not to have an accident before all three girls.

Kara faked a yawn. Pretending that she was getting sleepy.

"Lilly..." Holly said as tears were starting to form in her eyes. "I've gotta pee. Badly. Come with me, please." Holly was now squirming around a lot.

"F-fine. If you want." Lilly replied while she was squirming around as well.

"Chickens." Haley said. "I was just getting to the good one as well." Haley turned back to Kara. "While they're off being scared, wanna hear 'The China Doll'. It's a really good one." Haley commented with a grin.

Kara looked over at Holly a look of longing in her eyes meaning she wanted to really see Holly pee herself. She watched her squirming and wet her juices flowing again. She then looked at Lilly who was doing so as well.

"Please wet yourselves" Kara thought.

She looked back at Haley, "Um, sure" Kara answered.

Knowing that was the wrong thing to say. Just thinking about it made her need even worse she was trying her best not to squirm around under her covers.

"We'd better go." Lilly quickly cut in before Haley could talk. She really hated China dolls and this story was about them.

"Stay." Haley said. She then looked towards the bathroom door and instilled an illusion of children's laughter into Lilly from the door.

Lilly let out a stifled scream and quickly sat back down.

"On second thoughts, I don't really need to got that badly," Lilly stated.

"Lilly!" Holly groaned as she fidgeted around a lot more.

"Here's 'China Doll'." Haley started.

" A beautiful 8 year old girl, Izzy, got this adorable china doll for her birthday. She called her Sam. One day Izzy was playing with her doll until her mom called her for bed. Izzy put the doll in the basement and went up to bed.

In the middle of the night she heard weird noises. Then she heard "China doll, china doll in the basement, china doll, china doll on the stairs, china doll, china doll in your parents room, now they're dead." Izzy fell back into a troubled sleep.

In the morning she raced to her parents room and they were dead. She cried as her brother planned the funeral. Izzy did not play with Sam that day. She went up to bed early and fell asleep.

In the middle of the night she heard chanting again. China doll, china doll in the basement, china doll, china doll on the stairs, china doll, china doll in your parents room, china doll, china doll in your brothers room now he's dead." Izzy shivered and fell into another troubling sleep.

In the morning she went to her brothers room, he was dead. She spent the day in her room and wouldn't come out. Night fell again and she went to sleep.

She heard the chanting again. "China doll, china doll in the basement, china doll, china doll on the stairs, china doll, china doll in your parents room, china doll, china doll in your brothers room, china doll, china doll in your room." She gazed up to see the doll. "Now you're...dead!"

The police found her the next day with no sign of the murderer. All they heard was chuckling in the distance. The chuckle of a brown haired, brown eyed china doll, on the hunt for her next victims."

Kara listens to Haley as she tells her story. Taking everything in Kara starts to picture it-in her mind she begins to get really scared now and starts squirming around rapidly now. Knowing that if looked upon all three girls would know now that Kara really needed to pee and was really scared.

She trys to think of others things like the battle in the morning. But her mind isn't working that way.

Pressing her fingers against her small mound. Kara quickly pushes back the covers and get's out of bed.

She standing a few feet away from her bed blushing like crazy. Rubbing her hands across her panties. Trying to stop the pee from coming out.

"Oh, Haley I shouldn't have asked for another story" Kara said.

She ran towards the toilets feeling her pee start to leak into her panties.

Lilly was really suffering now. She was too scared to go to the toilet but she really needed to. She couldn't sit still. She was constantly squirming around.

Holy had practically lost it. She was sitting outside of her sleeping bag in a small puddle crying away. Her bladder finally gave out once the story had finished and the puddle grew larger. A hissing sound filled the silence as Holly's warm fluid left her body to soak through her sleeping clothes and into the carpet.

"Lilly..." Holly said through her tears. "Please sleep with me tonight."

Seeing the puddle underneath Holly caused Lilly to move around even more as she pictured the same happening to her. She still had to keep up her image though so she reluctantly agreed for her own benefit as much as Holly's.

"Let's get you cleaned up first." Lilly said. She was about to take Holly to the bathroom when Kara seemingly sprinted out of her bed into the toilets before her. "Wait..!" Lilly called out but it looked like Kara wasn't listening.

"Scaredy Cats." Haley huffed. She herself was trembling as well. She wasn't expecting to scare herself with that last one as well. She removed the illusion on the bathroom as it was starting to scare her as well.

"China Doll, China Doll..." The Illusion was saying to Haley before she switched it off.

Kara nearly made it to the restroom or what she thought was the restroom. She ended up running into a wall smacking hard right into it Kara bounced backwards and fell to the ground. Crying out in pain as she landed on her butt. Which caused her bladder to give way.

Her panties were flooded with yellow urine and she tried desperately to stop the flow. A rather loud hissing sound could be heard coming from Kara's girlhood. She started crying as the pee flowed freely out on her.

"No, No, stop please stop" Kara cried out.

She kept hearing the illusion speaking to her as more and more pee flooded her panties and the floor under her.

"Make it, stop make it stop" Kara begged not knowing that Haley had turned it off.

Another hissing sound. Another loss of control. More pain for Lilly. She could barely hold back her own flow right now as she desperately tried to hold it back with both her hands, one foot and a bend in her body.

Haley's illusion still hadn't quite faded yet and Lilly could just hear the after effects of it.

"China Doll, China Doll, in your room. Now you're DEAD!"

That was it. With a final scream of fear, Lilly lost it as her warm urine flooded out of her girlhood into her panties. She tried in vain to hold back the tide but it didn't work. A large puddle formed on the ground beneath Lilly as she started to sob away.

"Happy, Haley?" She sobbed to Haley. "We've all peed our panties now."

Haley just smiled a weak smile as a puddle formed underneath her as well. The illusion got to her in more than just words. She saw the Doll come for her.

Kara heard more hissing sounds meaning that Lilly and Haley most have also wet themselves. Kara curled up into a ball and cried.

"make it stop please, make it stop" Kara begged,

She felt the last bit of urine flood into her panties flowed by her clear fluids.

"Haley, make it stop" Kara again begged as she heard the voice inside her head.

Her pee had finally stopped but Kara was shaking in fear still.

"Please, make it stop L-Lilly help" Kara cried out.

"I'm not doing anything!" Haley answered. "I stopped it a while ago."

Holly seemed to be the only one unaffected by Haley's powers.

"Stopped what?" She quietly asked. "I don't get it."

Lilly was a little surprised. It seemed like Kara, herself and Haley were all affected by it.

"Didn't you hear the Doll?" Lilly asked. "It was calling right out to us!"

"I saw it." Haley shuddered. "I guess that I just wet myself from the fear of being killed by it. My body acted on its own. I knew it was my own doing." Haley stated. "I guess I pulled the prank a little too far."

"You could say that." Lilly said as she stood up. The left over remains of her warm fluids fell out of her shorts onto the floor. She went over to Kara and put her arms around her.

"It's okay. It was just Haley pranking us. It's all made up." Lilly comforted Kara.

Kara started to calm down a bit as she felt Lilly put her arms around her. "I-I don;t like scary things" Kara told her. As she turned around and buried her head in Lilly's chest looking down she sees the wet spot on Lilly's shorts.

"You looks cute in wet shorts" Kara says quietly so that only Lilly can hear her.

She looks over at Haley one last time.

"Please, don;t do that again promise me Haley please?" Kara asked.

She shifted around enjoying the feeling of Lilly's arms around her.

"Neither do I." Lilly whispered back with a blush which only further intensified when Kara commented on Lilly's wet shorts. "Don't say that." She whispered back.

"Trust me, I won't do that again." Haley replied. "It got to me as well," Haley then looked down at the puddle beneath her. "See?"

"Considering we all wet ourselves like a bunch of little kids, let's get cleaned up again and turn in for the night." Lilly suggested. "Well, at least we all did so we're pretty much in the same boat." Lilly added with a slight laugh.

Kara's own blush intensified as she listened to Lilly. "But it's true" She whispered. Before moving away from Lilly.

She looked down at the puddle under Haley. "Haley, please go get cleaned up and remember to put on the nappy" Kara says.

She get's up and heads back into her closet getting a fresh pair of panties. Ones that are blue with small hearts on them. Walking over to the bathroom Kara goes into it and then takes off her wet panties. Cleans her lower body down with a wet and dry towel. Then puts on her new panties and walks back into the room.

"Please, don't tell anyone about this. I-I couldn't live with the fact of people knowing I had an accident, Though it does remind me of two years ago when my bladder was really weak" Kara said. As she climbed into bed.

"Um, I think the floor may need cleaning up more than me." Haley smiled back as she pulled out the pair of panties in her top pocket. "Good thing I didn't put these on."

Lilly face-palmed and then took the panties off Haley.

"If you aren't going to use these then I will." Lilly stated as she headed towards the bathroom to clean herself up. Once done, she put on the clean panties and went into the closet to pick out another nightdress. She couldn't find a pair of bottoms to fit her and she was too tired to search so she instead picked out a light blue nightdress and put that on. She then went back over to her sleeping bag and climbed into it.

The twins went about the same routine and Lilly made sure that Haley had put the nappy on before she got into the sleeping bag.

"Ditto." Lilly replied. "You tell no one and I'll do the same." The last part of Kara's statement got Lilly interested. "Really?" Lilly asked before she realized that it may be a bit of an uncomfortable topic for Kara to discuss. "Um, you don't have to tell me about it if you don't want to."

Still in bed she watched Haley, "I didn't know you didn't put any on" Kara stated. She got out of bed and went into the bathroom. She got out some cleaning fluid and brought it out before going about cleaning up the mess. Once finished she saw Lilly take the panties from Haley and put them on.

She then watched as Lilly went into the closet and picked out another nightdress. As Lilly came out and after she put away the cleaning fluid she went to Lilly leaning down next to her.

"I won't say anything" She told her.

Kara then listened to what else Lilly had to say. "Um, yes" Kara added.

She shifted around as memories of her time in boarding school. Resurfaced in her mind "I'll tell you when we are alone, but it was a tuff time for me, I always had accidents and wet my panties, sometimes I was even given a diuretic a drug designed to make the body produce urine faster." Kara told her in a whisper. She thought of one last thing to tell Lilly.

"There's something else about it to" Kara added in another whisper before moving away and crawling back into bed.

"I'll give you my number in the morning and we can text it to each other." Lilly suggested in a whisper. "That way, Holly and Haley won't be able to hear or see it."

Lilly then made sure that the twins were all ready.

"Alright. Time to sleep now." Lilly said to the twins. "Goodnight, everyone." Lilly then closed her eyes and lay in her sleeping bag. Holly moved her bag closer to Lilly and then placed her small arm over Lilly before closing her eyes. Haley edged her bag closer to Kara's bed.

Kara listened to what Lilly had to say and smiled."Ok, and thank you" Kara told her in a whisper. She laid down in her bed and started to fall asleep. She had not noticed Haley had moved her bag closer to her bed.

"Good night everyone" Kara called out.

As she soon fell a sleep afterwards it had only been a few hours into her sleep. When Kara began to dream a cold sweat began to form on her forehead.

In her dream Kara saw herself standing in the middle, of a large town square three bodies. Those of females laid upon the ground in pools of blood. Kara herself was also covered in blood her battle outfit was smeared with the stuff on it. Red blood covered parts of her face when looking closer at Kara she had a cold emotionless look upon her face.

Back in reality Kara was squirming around in her bed. As this memory seemed frozen in her mind she tried to wake herself up. But nothing she did would help Kara kept seeing this memory over and over again she began to mumble in her sleep.

'I-I didn't mean to kill them, I didn't mean to" Kara said softly.

Her squirming was getting worse. She kept reliving this same memory over and over again.

"I-I, didn't mean to kill them, I didn't mean to" Kara was saying.

No matter how hard she tried, Lilly just couldn't get to sleep. She was practically hiding under her sleeping bag as the stories from earlier still flew around in her mind. She tried to block them out but she just couldn't. Holly was already fast asleep by Lilly's side. Lilly turned over and hugged Holly back. Maybe this would help her sleep? Or maybe she was just missing her white tiger plushie?

Haley, thinking that all but Kara were asleep, quietly left her sleeping bag and crawled under the covers of Kara's bed. She crawled up to the top and pocked her head out.

"Psst, Kara. It's me. Are you ready for it?" Haley whispered to Kara, who seemed to be mumbling something back. "Huh?" Haley asked as she moved in closer.

Kara didn't know that Haley had crawled under the covers of her bed. Her covers at this point had been pulled off her and she was still squirming around in bed. A terrible cold sweat covered her head. It also appeared that Kara was crying in her sleep.

"I-I didn't mean to, they forced me to kill them, they were the others who killed my mommy" Kara said aloud to Haley.

She didn't hear Haley ask her question but rolled over and reached out with her hands. Taking hold of Haley she pulled her closer to her. Thinking it was her mom.

"Mommy, Mommy where are you?" Kara whimpered out she held Haley tightly in her arms. As a memory if her mind came to be. Kara now found herself in a small room upon a bed lay a women who appeared to be her mom terrible cuts covered her body as a pool of blood covered the floor and bed.

Kara rushed over to her mom in her dream and tried shaking her awake.

"Mommy, Mommy please wake up" Kara mumbled through a wave of tears. She started to shake Haley in her sleep.

Kara pictured herself shaking her mom as blood started to cover her hands and clothes. "Mommy, it's me Kara please wake up" Kara begged.

Kara must have been dreaming about something terrible as she was crying. Haley wondered just what was wrong with Kara.

"Hey, Kara. Wake up!" Haley said as she was shook. "Stop it. I'm not your Mother!"

It didn't seem like Kara was listening. Haley wondered just what Kara meant when she said 'killed them'. Was Kara a murderer?!

Wanting to know the truth, Haley wished she could see what was going on inside Kara's head. Haley could feel her ears and tail form on her as she willed to enter Kara's dream. Haley's body seemed to grow tired and she closed her eyes after placing an arm around Kara.

Haley awoke in a strange dark room filled with doors. The doors numbered to a total of four. Two doors were lit up and the other two were dark. She could sense the presence of Holly behind one of the lit up doors. She now wondered if Lilly was actually asleep or not. Haley went over to the other door and sensed Kara's presence behind it. She tried to open the door to access Kara's dream.

Will it let her in?

Kara didn't hear Haley tell her to wake up. She was still shaking her thinking it was her mom. Again she pictured herself in the small room shaking her mom to try and awaken her. But wasn't having any affect. Her memories also shifted back to the town square where she saw herself bathed in blood.

That cold emotionless look on her face. Kara cried again in her dream.

"No, I don't want to see this anymore. I didn't mean to kill them, but they killed my mom" Kara cried out in her sleep. She let go of Haley and started tossing and turning in her bed.

Inside her mind the door that Haley was trying to access began to open. Letting her inside of Kara's mind.

At one point many images of Kara flashed through her mind all of them showed her bathed in the blood of her mom and enemies. That same look upon her face could be seen Kara screamed out in fear.

The door opened in front of Haley and she was pulled into Kara's dream. At first, she was nothing more than a spectator, a silent observer of what was happening. Her nightclothes changed once she willed herself to be a more apparent presence in the dream.

Haley's cat ears became more visible and so did her tail. Her long blonde hair was tied neatly in two buns on her head by a length of gold braid. Her nightclothes had changed to a red and gold silken china dress. On the dress, emblazoned in gold thread, was a effigy of a tiger. The tiger's body filled the whole left hand side of the dress and its tail curled around to the back. The edges of the dress were made from gold thread.

The dress itself wasn't that long at all, it only just covered what it needed to, leaving Haley's legs bare and, if she turned to quickly, the dress would likely fly up and reveal her panties, if she was wearing any, which she was not. The outfit didn't seem to come with a pair of panties, not that Haley minded. Haley's outfit had no socks. On her feet she wore a pair of red buckled shoes. Around Haley's neck was a small cat bell on a red length of silk. It rang with every movement Haley made, creating small chiming noises. Around Haley's wrists were some more cat bells in the same style as the one on her neck.

Haley looked at the sudden change which came over her.

"Cute outfit!" Haley said to herself in a happy tone.

Haley looked around the room she was in. She looked at the solitary bed in the middle of the room. On the bed, she saw a body of a woman and a girl, who looked strikingly like Kara, shaking the body.

"Kara?" Haley asked in surprise.

The Kara inside of her dream was still shaking her mom trying to get her to wake up. Blood splashed upon her body. Covering it she just kept on shaking her mom trying to wake her up. As she heard a familiar voice from behind her she turned around and saw Haley. Standing there not knowing what to do Kara went back to shaking her mom.

"Mom, wake up please it's me Kara" She cried out. As the image of the room and her shattered to pieces now Kara found herself back in the town square her dream self was no longer there yet. She was now inside the body of herself standing among the dead bodies. If one looked closely Kara's clothes had changed.

Kara wears purple beret hat with a black feather attached on the left hand side with the tip of the feather pointing backwards atop her head. On her shoulders are black feather spaulders with an emerald on each spaulder in the dead centre of each one. A black cape made from velvet with a purple interior. The cape is a full length one reaching the base of the rear and stopping just above her legs. The cape's lined with sliver silk and accented with a silver silken hem. On the back of the cape, in the middle of it, a symbol of a raven about to snatch up its prey is made up of silver silken thread and embellished beneath it in the same thread is the Ravenclaw family gem stone which is a blue calcite. Black angel-like wings are located in the small of the back between each shoulder blade.

A purple and white leotard with a small feathered base in a manner of reflecting that of a raven's down. The sides of the leotard are white. The front of the leotard is not covered up by the feathery down, just the back and sides are.Kara wears black half gauntlets inscribed with the same image as the back if the cape. Detached sleeves, with the same coloring and style as the leotard. Are near both of Kara's shoulders. Upon each hand are black finger-less gloves with purple hem. With a raven feather pattern before the fingers.

On both of Kara's legs are purple knee-high socks, The tops of the socks, where the knees are, has the same raven feather pattern as the rest of the outfit. On her feet are two purple mid-thigh high boots with black feathered wings on the ankles stretching back in the style of most winged boots. Wings will be held to the ankles with a golden button inscribed with the raven logo.

Blood seemed to cover much of Kara's outfit. As she turned away from the bodies she looked over at Haley. "I-I didn't mean to do it, I didn't" Kara cried to Haley.

"Kara, what are you going on about?" Haley asked as she tilted her head to the side. She looked around the room, which soon changed to a town square. "Just what is all of this?"

Haley moved closer to Kara, her bells ringing with every step. She felt the chill in the air, the chill of death.

"Bit breezy." Haley said as she shivered a little. She then hugged her body to try and warm herself up. "Did you do all of this?" Haley asked as she looked at the bodies on the floor.

Kara listened to just what Haley had to say.

"These are memories of my past of a time I wished to forget" Kara tells her.

She hears the ringing of the bells and walks over to Haley.

"I did all this as a means of revenge, the bodies you see are empowered ones like ours. I killed them all in cold blood to avenge my mom's death" Kara added.

She keeled down on the ground and wrapped her arms around Haley in a hug.

"I tried to forget these memories, but often times I dream about them could we go somewhere private?" Kara asked.

Haley just stared in a mixture of fear and awe.

"I..." Haley started. "I never thought that you had something like this hidden away. It must have been horrible to lose your Mother."

Haley then heard Kara's request. She held on to Kara's head with her hands and spoke to her.

"Imagine your most favorite place or a memory you really like." Haley told Kara. Haley had a feeling that if she did what she has done and Kara goes along with her part then she could change the dream to a better one. "Keep that strong in your mind."

"Please tell, no one about this?" Kara asked. As she didn't want Holly or Lilly to know about this just yet.

She listened as Haley told her to go to her most favourite place. Kara started to think and an images began to form in her mind.

A small classroom appeared within her mind. There was empty desks all around the pair yet one of the desks a young girl sat. She was dressed in a black and blue coat with a small blue bow around the neck area. The coat has blue sleeves with black buckles around the arms. With small silvers jewels in the middle. A black and silver belt buckle is around her waist which is attach to a black and blue pleated skirt. Under the skirt girl wears a pair of black silk panties followed by two pairs of thigh-high black and blue boots.

As Kara looks upon the girl. she sees that her skirt is up around her waist and she's really squirming around in her chair rubbing away at herself between her legs.

"I-I need to pee badly" The girl says.

Haley's magic took effect and they arrived in Kara's favourite place.

"Why a classroom?" Haley asked as she looked around. She then saw the girl squirming around talking about how badly she needed to relieve herself. "Now I know." Haley said with a smirk. "You saucy minx, you." Haley grinned to Kara.

Haley thought something up. She knew she'd do this sort of thing anyway while she slept so it would make no difference if she did it in the dreamworld or not.

"Wanna see me pee, too?" She asked Kara. "I'm gonna wet the bed in reality and I'm wearing a nappy there so I can do it here if you want,"

Kara blushed as she watched the girl rubbing herself between her legs. "T-This is a special fantasy of mine" Kara replied. She blushed further when Haley now knew about it.

She watched the girl rubbing her girlhood through her panties and Kara felt her juices start to flow into her leotard.

"C-Could I but could you touch me to like before?" Kara asked.

The blood that was one her had left and her outfit returned to normal. Though she was still dressed in her battle outfit. Looking at the girl squirming around more juices flowed into her crotch area. As the girl in the chair was rubbing herself it began to take to reveal who it was. It appeared to be Lilly was the one Kara thought about. As she had only thought about it recently while in the shower.

"So, you've got a thing for Lilly, huh?" Haley asked as she turned and saw the girl in the chair become more defined.

Haley considered what Kara had suggested.

"I could do that but I want your full attention on me when I pee." Haley said. She imagined in her head that she had a really bad urge to urinate and that she was barely holding it back. This soon became a reality and Haley started to move around a lot and bounce up and down.

"Okay, I'm ready." Haley said as she lifted up the front of her China Dress to reveal her bare girlhood A few seconds later a stream of yellow liquid left her girlhood to pool on the floor under her with a pitter patter sound. "You watching?" Haley asked as a smile appeared on her face.

Blushing even more at what Haley, said she felt more of her jucies start to soak her leotard.

"Y-yes, I really do" Kara said as she watched Lilly slip both hands into her panties and rub herself. She looked over at Haley giving her the full attention she wanted. Kara started to breath slowly.

Watching as Haley boucned around. She pulled up her China Dress and Kara saw Haley's girlhood for the first time. Reaching down she started to rub herself between her legs. She smiled when Haley released a strean of yellow liquid from her girlhood. It pooled on the floor under her.

"Y-yes, I am" Kara says.

She was busy really rubbing herself as she watched Haley pee.

"Good, 'cause I'm only doing this the once. I don't think the nappy could hold any more as it still has to take the usual amount I make while sleeping." Haley said as her stream trickled away. She noticed Kara rubbing herself again. "Hey, you said I could do that!" Haley groaned as she kept urinating. After a short while, the stream died down to a few drips. There was now a huge puddle on the floor beneath Haley. "Like it?" She asked.

Haley then pulled up the back of her dress and sat in her puddle.

"If you join me here I'll rub you." Haley teased. "I want you to sit in my puddle. Would that make you feel even better? sitting in my still warm puddle?" Haley asked as she reheated the puddle to the temperature it was at when it left her body.

Kara kept rubbing herself as she watched Haley pee. 'You can do it" Kara added. She looked away for a moment at Lilly who had her hands buried in her panties she was crying now. Begging to pee but no one was listening to her, Kara looked back at Haley.

"Yes, Yes really I like girl's wetting themselves I like seeing their panties to especially on windy days" Kara told Haley.

She quickly went over to Haley and sat down in the puddle. "P-Please rub me, please" Kara begged she reached out and took Haley's hand placing it on wet crotch area. "I.. I.. always have liked this I really like girls and have so, for the past year" Kara admitted.

Haley chuckled as she reached towards Kara's wet crotch.

"Lilly also likes girls better than boys. She always says that boys don't really understand girls well and that they're a loathsome gender." Haley said as she copied the movements from earlier. "You do know that, if you gush in the dream, you'll also gush in reality? Like as I've peed in this dream I've also wet myself in reality."

Haley recited her earlier movements with more vigor.

"So, it seems like my powers can create and alter any illusion. I'm an illusionist." Haley smiled. "I've always liked illusionist at circus' since I was really young when a kind illusionist let me in on her tricks and taught me a little about them." Haley took a deep breath and blew a little on Kara's wet crotch. " 'Dreams are illusions of sorts.' That's what she told me. 'Once you know you are in a dream, you can change it as much as you want.' I've always tried to change my dreams to what I want them to be and now I have the power to." Haley continued. "The dream world and the real world are connected in more ways than one." Haley said.

Kara listened to everything that Haley, had to say to her. "She really does?" Kara asked, As she was enjoying the movements that Haley was doing to her peach. "I-I didn't know that" Kara says. As her clear fluids begin to leak out onto Haley's hand.

Kara started to moan loudly. As back in reality her fluids started to leak into her panties.

"Your an illusionist then that sounds so, cool" Kara, says. As she moans louder when Haley blew on her wet crotch.

"So, if you want you could change this as well?" Kara asked through a moan. More of her fluids liked into her leotard forming a large wet spot on the crotch band. "Do, you tease Holly and Lilly with these powers by making them think they need to pee or blowing up their skirts in images?" Kara asked her.

