A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*011*2014-07-03 00:36

The next weekly chapter is here so enjoy.

Chapter 9: Evil Awakens

"Right." Haley nodded back to Mrs. June as she ran out of the infirmary and back to the main office.

"I can help with the shield but I don't think it'd be that good." Holly suggested.

"Don't ask, just help when you can." Lilly replied.

Holly nodded and looked for the magic in her body. Her ears and tail appeared again and she added her strength to the shield.

Haley returned moments later with the other magic instructors.

"Any way I can help?" She asked the group.

The wind just seemed to batter the shield wall more and more. As cracks began to form along the wall. Kara who was floating in mid-air turned to face them her body moved into a standing position. And she soon opened her eyes, Right as Mr. Anderson entered into the room.

"It would be best if you stayed out of this" Mr. Anderson said.

He felt the strong magic coming off of Kara. He rose both his hands and started chanting as well another aura formed around her.

Kara opened her eyes and she had the same blank look as before. "This won;t work" She replied. Her clothes seemed to shift into her battle outfit. As she felt the rush of no found power flow through her body. Yet the seal in her mind was starting to reseal itself.

"Not going to happen" Evil Kara yelled. A clear dark aura formed around her body. As a start gust of wind shot out and shattered the shield wall knocking everyone down again. This being her change Evil Kara teleported away.

After the events, Lilly and Holly were too drained to pose much of a resistance as Kara teleported away.

"What was that?" Lilly asked as she panted.

"She's something else, that's for sure." Holly answered.

"I didn't get to do anything." Haley pouted.

Lilly was certain this was just that start of something major.

"If we're done, mind if I take a small breather before returning to lessons?" Lilly asked.

"I second that." Holly added on.

"I just wanna bunk." Haley admitted.

"It would be best if you girl's left" Mrs. June said as she got up and started a small talk with Mr. Anderson.

Evil Kara had never felt more alive it had been far to long since she had last. Been set free for the last time was back during the time when she killed the three empowered ones. She had appeared above the school. Then seemed to fly away from it.

Both Yukina and Yvraine who were busy in their own classes seemed to feel the increase in magic. Coming from part of the school Yukina seemed to know who it was having fought Kara in the past. Yvraine knew it all to well she herself had fought against this version of Kara once before.

A couple of years ago to be in fact.

"If you say so." Lilly answered as she stood up and headed out of the infirmary.

"Guess we can't really ask for a break from lessons." Holly chuckled.

"Do I still get to bunk?" Haley asked.

"No." Holly and Lilly replied simultaneously.

The trio made their way out of the infirmary and towards their next lessons. Lilly kept thinking about what kind of power this form of Kara's consciousness may possess. If she could knock down skilled empowered ones then she's got to be strong.

"I hope she comes back soon." Lilly thought.

Evil Kara flew through the air toward the center of the city. She soon reached the very center after a few minutes of travel as she looked down at the various buildings. And peons below she just laughed to herself.

Then began to gather the very air currents around herself. Small clear jet streams of wind began to form in the sky as they traveled through it towards her. The very wind around town seemed to pick up some.

Lessons went on as normal and Lunch time came around. Lilly met up with the twins in the quad by the tree.

"Kara's not back yet?" Haley asked Lilly.

"Doesn't look like it." Lilly answered.

"I hope she's not busting up the town." Holly stated with a frown.

"If she is there's nothing I can do about it. I can't just leave school for no reason." Lilly replied with a shrug.

Despite what she said, Lilly really wanted to do just that. She wanted to help Kara but she knew she'd be no match for her. If she could take out three empowered ones like this then she could just as easily pick off one with a third of the effort.

Evil Kara was still gathering the very wind around herself. Strong gusts were blowing across town and the school.

Yvraine felt the strong increase in magic again. As she walked outside into the quad she looked up and could spy. The air currents passing over head well any empowered one could. "What's she planning on doing?" Yvraine thought aloud as a strong gust of wind blew across the quad.

Blowing up her uniform skirt and showing those around her panties.

"Anyway, let's get something to eat. I'll show you to the cafeteria." Lilly told the twins.

"Any sweets there?" Haley asked.

"There's Crème Caramel Desserts but they're normally only brought with a large meal. I don't think they sell the alone."

"What about curry?"

"They sell that, yeah. Tikka Masla, Korma, Biriyani and Original."

"Perfect!"

Lilly then headed off to the cafeteria to purchase her lunch with the twins in tow. All of the time she was walking, she couldn't help but think of what Kara might be going through right now. It must be hell to be controlled by a dark energy.

The real Kara was locked behind the seal in her mind, She could see everything that Evil Kara was doing. And slammed her fists against the seal.

"Let me out, let me out" She shouted while slamming both fists against the seal some more.

Evil Kara heard this and ignored her, She was having way to much fun though she was still gathering the wind currents around her. When enough of the magic was gathered she pointed her hands towards the city below.

Soon a small twister began to form and take shape.

The cafeteria queue was surprisingly short. Lilly and the twins joined the queue as a group. They agreed on having Lilly order the food as the twins were a little too short to see over the counter. One quick look at the menu and everything was decided in no time. Lilly ordered a spicy chicken pasta, Haley asked for a chicken tikka masala with rice and a crème caramel dessert and Holly only wanted a ham salad sandwich. The drink orders didn't need debating either. Each of them got a can of Cola.

They found and empty table and started on their meals. Lilly looked out of the window and noticed how the trees were blowing around quite a lot.

"Getting kind of windy." She said, trying to make conversation.

"Didn't say that in the forecast for today." Holly answered.

"Wind or no wind. Nothings going to stop me from eating this curry!" Haley declared as she started scoffing down her tikka masala.

As the small twister began to take shape within the outskirts of the city. Kale turned away and looked out the window of his office he felt the large increase in magic and only smiled. "She shows herself again this is great" Kale said with a laugh. In the distance he spotted the twister. "If Kara can use that to rid me of Marie then all this would be perfect" Kale laughed.

Yvraine and Yukina. Both looked out the window seeing the trees blowing. They knew something bad would happen soon. Yvraine knew it more so that Yukina did, They were about to get their lunch when Yukina spotted Lilly and headed towards her.

"What are you doing?" Yvraine asked.

"What do you think I'm going over to her" Yukina replied.

"But why?" She asked.

"Because just look outside I know she's thinking about her little friend out there and if we can get her to go. Then I can put my own plan into action and totally embarrass her once again" Yukina says.

"Seems kind of strange." Lilly announced. "I know the weather forecast is never 100% accurate but this is just too weird. We had hardly any wind earlier."

"Maybe it's Kara. I can tell it's an enchanted wind." Holly shrugged.

"Whatever." Haley added on the end before scoffing down another mouthful of curry.

Lilly tried her best to ignore the wind but she just couldn't help but look out of the window while eating. She didn't notice Yukina come over to her.

Yukina had arrived over at Lilly's table with Yvraine in tow. "Well, well it it isn't little miss bridge wetter" Yukina said with a chuckle. As she locked her gaze upon Lilly.

Yvraine stood next to Yukina and looked at both Holly and Haley. "I've seen you two hanging around your friend from earlier and I know your worried about her" Yvraine said.

She looked over at Yukina who seemed to be wanting to start a fight with Lilly.

"But I know what is coming, something dark and evil I have faced this before" Yvraine explained.

"Oh, it's you." Lilly answered with a cold stare. "You're no fighter. You're a cheap trickster. I doubt you even have the slightest shred of fairness in your corrupt mind." Lilly wasn't about to start a magic fight but she knew she could take her in an insult barrage.

"Hey, water witch." Haley greeted Yukina with a smile.

"I think you should substitute the 'w' in 'witch' for a 'b'." Holly joked.

"You shouldn't be using that kind of language." Lilly scolded Holly.

It appeared that Yvraine was a better one to talk to in this conversation.

"You've faced it before?" Lilly asked Yvraine. "How? When? Why?"

"Cheap trickster I wasn't the one who fell crying to their knees in sheer shame and embarrassment" Yukina replied back. She heard Haley speak up the followed by Holly she looked at the pair but ignored them.

"Yes" She replied.

"A few years ago, it was during a dark time in my life all I wanted was revenge for what she had done to me s-she killed my sister" Yvraine replied in a harsh tone. It seemed like a green aura was starting to form around her body.

Lilly was liking Yukina's reaction. She really wanted to continue this little verbal fight but her attention was taken when Yvraine continued her explanation.

"What?!" Lilly asked in amazement. She couldn't peg Kara as a killer, despite whether she was in her dark form or not. "If she can kill in cold blood then the whole town might be in trouble! I know I'll be no match for her but maybe...?"

"She killed my sister" Yvraine repeated yet again. Growing angry at the thought of what Kara had done to her.

"I'd like to make a pact with you I'd like your help in taking her down" Yvraine replied.

"A...pact?" Lilly asked. "What's a pact?"

Jumping to conclusions and getting the wrong idea, Holly blushed bright red.

"S-she wants to marry you?! She wants to enter the lovers' pact?!" Holly stammered out. "Girls can't love girls!"

"This is getting good." Haley smiled as she also got the wrong idea.

"A pact is that we work together on taking Kara down" Yvraine replied again.

"No, I don't you silly girl I want nothing of the sort" Yvraine added.

"I'll form the marriage pact with you Lilly and you can be my bitch who always wets herself" Yukina taunted.

"Awe..." Haley moaned. Holly just breathed a sigh of relief.

"So, how do we do one of those?" Lilly asked. She knew she must sound kind of dense right now but she'd never heard of a pact before.

More ammunition from Yukina.

"I thought that humans couldn't marry pond scum, not that I'd want to wed you anyway. Go propose to a dung beetle. Wait, I think they'd refuse you as well." Lilly answered.

"You just have to agree nothing more" Yvraine replied.

Yukina's blood boiled as she her Lilly insult her. "How dare you bitch" Yukina screamed she jumped upon Lilly and slapped her hard across the face. While pulling at her hair "all you are is a vile toad who can't do anything right look at your self now".

She reached over and got some food off the table and shoved it into her face.

"I guess I'll say- " Lilly started before she was cut off by Yukina pouncing on her.

"Cat fight!" Haley shouted out as the fight sparked off.

"Screw you!" Lilly shouted back. "Inferno!"

The usual pillar of flames enveloped Lilly as Yukina fought to shove some food in her face.

Yukina felt her hands burn as Lilly enveloped herself in fire. "Two can play this game" Yukina shouted.

She jumped backwards away from Lilly and summoned forth her water magic. A swirl of water formed around her body.

"Water Lance" Yukina cast she formed a lance out of water and shot it at Lilly.

Not caring about the water lance, Lilly just cast something to send it away.

"Evaporate." Lilly said as she placed her hand in front of the lance. It turned to nothing more than just steam. "It's against school rules to have a full blown duel in front of the regular students."

"Your the one who started this magic fight with your fire" Yukina replied.

"Fine let's go out to the battle areaand settle the score there" Yukina said.

"We don't have time for this with each minute we waste or this pity duel Kara grows in power" Yvraine told the pair,

"Tell water-for-brains that. I've been ready since you offered the pact." Lilly answered.

"Can I help?" Haley asked, hoping to get to do something for once.

"Will I ever have one peaceful lunchtime?" Holly sighed.

"Okay the pact it formed then" Yvraine replied, She was still angry with both Yukina and Lilly she decided on something. "Until you two promise to get along I'm placing you somewhere to cool down and get along" She replied.

She cast magic on both girl's that soon teleported them into a empty classroom. "Until you both get along your not getting out of this room. As I am the only one who can let you out" She told the pair.

"What can you offer?" Yvraine asked.

"Don't do that!" Lilly shouted before she was sent into what looked like an empty classroom. "Just great! I'm stuck with her!"

Lilly wasn't about to try and be civil to Yukina. She hated her too much for that.

"This." Haley answered as she created copies of herself and created a smaller version of Puppy. "Puppy, the little doggy on the floor, is much bigger when I want him to be." The Haley said in unison. Puppy ran up to Yvraine's leg and started to bark at her.

"Show off." Holly shook her head. "I've got arcane magic and I'm very good at countering and recognizing different spells." Holly informed Yvraine.

"Shit" Yukina yelled as she was taken to the empty classroom as well. "I'd rather die than be in the same room as you" She snapped.

Yvraine watched as Haley created clones of herself and summoned a small Puppy dog. Who seemed to started to bark at her. "Nice" Yvraine said.

She turned to Holly. "That's a lot better, though do you girl's have any experience in fighting other magic users?" Yvraine asked.

"We could see to that now." Lilly suggested. "But I don't think it'd be worth it."

Lilly then went over to the corner farthest away from Yukina, she didn't want anything to do with her, and sat on the floor. She then looked up at what she thought would be the roof. "Magic in my pasta and drink. I wanna finish them." She announced, hoping that Yvraine will comply.

"The only combat experience we've had was a friendly duel with Kara and Lilly yesterday. Apart from that, we've only just got our powers." Holly admitted. "I'm no good in combat but Lilly said I'd be a good in a supporting role."

"I'm sure you'd enjoy that oh, wait if you tried you'd wet yourself again" Yukina says. She walks over to the other corner of the room.

Yvraine seemed to hear Lilly ask for her food and imagined it in to her.

"So, not much then it'd be best if you girl's didn't get to close to the fighting" Yvraine replied. "But what ever you can offer in supporting roles will help" She added.

Lilly just ignored Yukina. She was in no mood to argue. She hoped that if they ignored each other for long enough then Yvraine would let them out.

The food appeared and Lilly mumbled her thanks before starting on her half finished pasta again. She tried to lay off the cola a little as she didn't see any toilet in this room and she didn't want to be in that kind of situation with Yukina in the same room.

"I had no intention to." Holly answered.

"Puppy'll do it all for me." Haley replied. Puppy barked again. Being so small, his bark sounded more cute and comical than scary.

Yukina was growing tired of waiting in the room to be let out. So she decided to use her own magic to try and exit the room. A small swirl of water formed around her and she tried to exit but suddenly she cried out in pain. As roots seemed to form out of the ground and wrap around her arms and legs. Yukina tried to fight her way free but felt her magic being blocked.

She heard Puppy bark again and then patted her head. "We better head out soon though. Her magic is growing in strength" Yvraine said.

Lilly saw Yukina's failed attempt at escape and laughed at her stupidity.

"Seems like I wasn't far off when I called you water-for-brains." Lilly teased Yukina. This would be fun if Yukina kept on flailing around like she was.

"She's stupid." Lilly thought to herself with a chuckle.

"Nap time, Puppy." Haley called Puppy over and dismissed the Chihuahua sized three headed dog. It yapped a little more and growled at Yvraine before disappearing back to the Illusion realm. Haley then dismissed her copies.

"Where is she? I can run a minor magic scan but it won't go very far. It'll tell us whether she's still on school grounds but that's about it." Holly suggested.

"You're going to need me if you want to face her." Lilly called out of her classroom prison. "One fighter and two supporting people does not a solid rebellion make."

Yukina kept trying to get free but couldn't "shut up pee-brain" Yukina yelled back.

She saw the dog vanish and heard Holly speak. "I can feel a spark of her power though I know she's not on school grounds maybe in the city then?" Yvraine said.

"You can help once you two get along" Yvraine called out to them.

"The vines will likely get tighter if you keep moving around." Lilly told Yukina with a smile. "Seems like I'll be getting out of here first."

Lilly was enjoying this. She was loving Yukina's complete lack of patience. She hoped that Yukina would do something drastic and end up causing herself more trouble.

"I can't help with that. My magic radar doesn't stretch that far." Holly answered. "If I was a little stronger then maybe I'd be of more help."

"I'm getting along well with the room if that makes any difference." Lilly called back to Yvraine. "Yukina's kind of ticking the room off, though."

"Yeah right" Yukina replied she tried again to get free but failed.

"Here let's try it together" She said Yvraine took hold of Holly's hands. "If we add our magic together we can find her" She said.

"The room doesn't count" Yvraine replied.

Lilly just chucked at Yukina's ignorance. She'll get out of here before her. She's sure of it.

Holly's overactive imagination kicked in again.

"This is just normal hand holding, right? It's got no special meaning? It's just basic, isn't it?" Holly asked as she blushed bright red. "Like what people would do when they shake hands?"

"Annoying." Lilly quietly said to herself. She won't be getting out of her without acting civil to Yukina.

Yukina stopped trying to get free and yet the roots still held her. She looked over at Lilly "Maybe we should try and get along I don't want to be any longer." She said.

"It's only holding hands" Yvraine replied as she held Holly's hands.

Lilly wanted out as well but, being the stubborn mare that she is, wasn't about to give in first.

"You started it," She answered. She was quite childish when it came to making up after arguments. "So you should apologies first."

"Okay, just holding hands, just holding hands..." Holly quietly told herself as she linked her magical flow up with Yvraine.

"I have nothing to say" Yukina answered back. At first but them seemed so say something else. "I'm sorry old hag" Yukina shot back.

Yvraine joined her own magic with Holly's soon the two mixed together. And a map of the city appeared in their minds eye.

"Old hag?!" Lilly snapped. "Coming from you that's surprising!"

Maybe Yukina didn't really want to leave after all?

"City scan started." Holly stated as she scanned the map in her mind.

"Your one to talk" Yukina yelled.

Soon roots began to form around Lilly as well.

"I feel a large form a magic to the southwest" Yvraine said.

Lilly felt the roots wrap around her. She tried to burn them away but any flame she created quickly turned to smoke after being made.

"Now look at what you made me do!" She shouted at Yukina. "Bitch!"

"Locking on to energy signature." Holly answered. "Signature matches Kara Ravenclaw's magic helix."

"Come again?" Haley asked. "Just what is all this mumbo jumbo?"

"Oh that's it both of you shut the fuck up" Yvraine snapped. As an image of her appeared soon the room faded and both girl's were back with them again.

"It means we found where Kara is" She replied to Haley. "I can teleport all of us to her right now" Yvraine replied.

It turned out that the pair didn't have to get along to get out after all. Lilly just turned her back to Yukina and stuck her nose in the air while folding her arms and looking defiant.

"Your fault." Lilly's childish stubbornness took over again.

"Couldn't you just speak English instead of technical gobbledygook?" Haley asked.

"I don't decided what I say when I scan. I let my powers take over." Holly answered. "A teleport would be great, thanks." Holly answered Yvraine with a smile. "I don't think I could put up with the pre-school troublesome duo there." She added on as she indicated Lilly and Yukina.

"Both of you just shut up or else you will be in a worse area than that room" Yvraine snapped. She looked over at Haley. "We are silly" She replied.

"You cunt" Yukina whispered then shut up.

"Good now we can begin" Yvraine said. A green aura formed around her body and soon spread out to the three four other girls. They vanished in a flash of light moments later and appeared atop a small building not for from Kara.

"Convenient." Lilly stated as they were teleported to a rooftop. "I need to learn that." She opted to ignore Yukina's stupidity. She didn't want to be holed up with her again.

"Lilly, you're meant to be more mature than us and a good role model." Holly sighed to Lilly. "You shouldn't rise to things like that."

"Once a stubborn mare, always a stubborn mare." Haley stated with a shrug.

"We better get ready" Yvraine replied to the whole group. She changed into her battle outfit. "As I know the most about this I'll keep her busy, Yukina and Lilly form into groups with the girl's here" She replied again.

Yukina said nothing back changed into her battle armor.

Lilly changed into her battle outfit and the twins did the same.

"I wouldn't trust her with my impressionable sisters. She'll corrupt them. I'll look after them both." Lilly coldly stated.

"Lilly..." Holly shook her head.

"Yay!" Haley cried out in joy.

"That won;t work instead give me one of them and I'll look after them" Yvraine replied. As she waited for Lilly's answer.

Yukina again said nothing and seemed to move away. She jumped into the air and seemed to fly right towards Kara.

"You'll take Holly then. You seem like a good match." Lilly suggested.

Overactive imagination kicking in.

"A good match?" Holly asked. "W-we've not got that kind of relationship, have we? We're just a good battle pair, right?"

"Cut back on love books, please, You're making me wanna puke." Haley grumbled as she stood next to Lilly.

Lilly noticed as Yukina took off without the group.

"If she wants to be made mincemeat of then she can be my guest. The idiot." Lilly stated.

"Will do then" Yvraine said. She looked over at Holly and smiled.

"Yeah, that's all I have no plans of having a way with her" Yvraine joked.

Evil Kara noticed the groups arrival as she felt their magic and saw as Yukina flew towards her. "Oh, good fresh meat" Evil Kara replied.

"That's good to know." Holly sighed contentedly as she grouped up with Yvraine.

"Any specific formation? Pincer? Flank?" Lilly asked.

"English, please." Haley stated, to which Lilly sighed.

"In English, for Haley's sake: Should we box Kara in or just go either side of her?"

"Good. Let's keep it that way."

"As Yukina keeps her busy you to flank her on her right side" She replied.

"We will go on her left ok" She told Holly with a smile.

Yukina was busy forming swirls of water around herself. As Evil Kara spotted the smaller group of girl's on the building. With a wave of her hands she shot several large wind blades at the building hoping to cut through it.

"What's a flank again?" Haley asked. "Is it tasty?"

"We've just told you, stupid! It's when we go either side of Kara!" Lilly answered with an exasperated sigh.

"So, it's not food?" Haley replied.

Lilly just ignored Haley's idiocy.

Kara seemed to have spotted the group.

"Wind blades incoming!" Holly announced.

The group then scattered and Lilly dived to the nearest rooftop.

Yvraine seemed to grab onto Holly's hand and jumped to the nearest rooftop. As the wind blades tore through the roof stop right where they had all been.

"I need her on the ground as I'm at a disadvantage on the roof" Yvraine replied. She let go of Holly and turned to face her. "Do, you have anything that can knock her out of the sky?" She asked.

Yukina finished forming the water swirls around her and shot off a torrent of water at Evil Kara.

"Not unless it's magical flight and by the look of her wings that's not it." Holly answered. "I've got something which can make you fly but I don't think Lilly'll like it." Holly then thought back to her fight yesterday. "I can prevent her from telepoting if that'll help." Holly suggested.

"Nice way to greet a friend." Lilly flatly stated. "Got chronic indigestion or something?"

"Those jokes were poor." Haley said with a shake of her head. "I think she's just putting on airs." Haley punned.

"This isn't a joke-off."

"It might be a jerk-off, though."

"Haley!"

"What? Kara's acting like a jerk and so are you so it's a jerk-off." Haley then smiled. "Dirty mind?"

"Takes one to know one."

"Then let's use that then" Yvraine said. A small green aura began to form around her as she looked over at Kara in the sky. "Got anything that can make attacks stronger?" She asked.

Very soon small particles of yellow light began to form in the air above her head.

The torrent of water shot towards Evil Kara. Who sent a blade of wind straight at it cutting through it. Both half of water then fell from the sky. As Evil Kara seemed to ignore what Lilly and Haley were saying.

"Okay." Holly answered with a nod. "Can you get me a little closer? I need to be around 20ft away from her to cast it."

Yvraine asked for strengthening magic and Holly provided.

"Quicken." Holly cast on Yvraine. "This'll help you cast faster.

"I do not have a dirty mind!" Haley answered. "I'm innocent."

"As innocent as a bloodied fox in a chicken pen." Lilly shot back.

"I'm no fox! I'm a kitty cat!"

This was getting nowhere fast. Lilly had to think of something to take Haley's attention from arguing. She put her down on the rooftop they were on and created her bow.

"Make illusionary arrows while I fire. Try to lead Kara with them into my actual shot. I'll make mine a pink color. Can you try to make yours a different color but include some pinks far away from it so it's not too obvious?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Okay, washboard." Haley taunted with a stifled laugh. Lilly ignored her and fired an arrow towards Kara's right wing. Haley quickly created arrows to the left hand side of Kara to try and lead her towards the right.

"I'll see what I can do" Yvraine said as she felt Holly cast magic upon her it seemed like when looking. Up that the particles of sun energy seemed to be gathering much quicker than before. A small ball of sun like energy began to form.

She then spotted a building not far from where, Kara currently was. "This might help" She said. "Teleport" A small magical aura formed around Holly and she was safely teleported to the other building.

Soon the energy was fully gathered and Yvraine's attack was ready.

"Solar Beam"

Evil Kara seemed to fly towards Yukina again as she gathered her magic for another attack. Yet looking to her left she saw a wave of arrows headed right for her, with a wave of her hand she sent a blast of air at Haley's arrows. When she felt Lilly's own arrows strike against her right wing sensing it aflame.

"Telepathy may be good now as we're at a distance. I've opened up a small channel where you can reply to any message I send but unless you have telepathic abilities yourself you can't send any messages to me." Holly sent to Yvraine. "I'll bind her with a Dimensional Anchor. She won't be able to teleport away or stealth."

Holly turned to Kara and cast her spell.

"Dimensional Anchor."

A purple chain with a hook at the end shot forth from Holly's outstretched hand towards Kara's body. If the hook latched on, it'll bind her to this plane and then disappear.

"Dead on!" Lilly stated when she saw Kara's wing catch alight. "Nice on, Haley."

"I expect ice cream." Haley answered.

"Later.

Lilly decided to bide her time for now to see if Kara toppled out of the sky. She knew she was useless in aerial combat so she hoped Kara would fall down soon

Evil Kara used a volume of wind magic to red herself of the flames upon her wing. She felt some of the feathers being burned away. She looked over to where Lilly and Haley were. She sent forth a again gust of wind at both of them.

She then turned towards both Yvraine and Holly. When she saw a again yellow beam of magic fly right towards her. Evil Kara quickly formed a magical barrier around herself as the yellow beam slammed into her shield right as Holly's anchor and hooked on.

"Ok if you need help just say the word" She said.

"Seems she's tougher than we thought." Lilly stated as she saw Kara put the fire out. "We're going to need a bigger flame."

"Guard me." Haley stated. "We'll fight birds with birds."

Haley then started to open up the illusion door to beckon something in. A gust of wind shot towards the pair and Lilly quickly picked Haley up to carry her away before the wind hit.

"Can you give a minor range boost to my magic, please?" Holly asked Yvraine. "I've got an idea."

"Will this work?" Yvraine asked.

She looked towards the building Holly was on and cast a small spell. Upon her which would increase her spell range about ten feet. She also decided to cast another spell on her which would allow her to teleport away to safety when needed.

Yukina saw her attack being cut in half then started to create tow large funnels of water.

"Good enough. Thanks." Holly sent back.

"Status." Holly cast. This spell allowed Holly to effectively monitor how her allies were doing in combat, including how much damage they've taken, any buffs/debuffs on them and a rough idea of their location. It had a normal range of thirty feet, which had now been increased to forty feet.

Haley was still summoning. She'd likely be like this for at least another few seconds. Lilly, taking a slight chance, decided to pull a little threat from Kara.

"Pale Spiral." Lilly cast towards Kara. Two white jets of flame burst forth from Lilly's hands and moved in a spiraling motion towards Kara.

Yukina sent both large water funnels at Kara.

Evil Kara's shield seemed to shatter as the beam broke through it she tried to teleport out of the way. But for some strange reason was unable to. The yellow beam slammed into her full on. Sending her flying through the air. It seemed that the impact had knocked her away from Lilly's latest attack as both jet's of flame seemed to miss her.

Evil Kara regained her ground. She formed another large barrier around herself and blocked the two funnels of water once done she began to gather the wind around herself. As strong gusts blew they blew up Haley's skirt.

"We really need to be better coordinated." Holly sighed with a shake of her head. "Telepathic bond: Link. Subjects: Holly Sera, Haley Sera, Lilly Sera, Yvraine Silverfawn, Yukina Silvermain."

A large purple dome of light grew from Holly to engulf the battlefield.

"Now we're all linked we might be able to do things better." Holly sent to the group.

"Cool! I can hear Holly in my head!" Haley answered.

"Telepathic bond? Good thinking. This'll stop that water hag from dousing my spells." Lilly sent back.

"We're meant to be working together! Not cutting each other's throats!" Holly lectured.

"I want Ice cream. Can you magic some up?" Haley asked Holly. "I'd also like curry with rice."

"This is not a fast food ordering service!" Holly angrily sent back.

"But I'm hungry..."

A sudden gust of wind shook the area and blew up Haley's skirt.

"Yay!" She called out as she felt the wind caress her bare lips. "Kara still loves me!"

A few moments later, Haley's summoning was done.

"Come forth, Garuda and Roc!" Haley summoned two giant birds which appeared from the illusion gate.

Both Yvraine and Yukina could hear what the others were saying inside of their minds.

Yukina got angry at what Lilly had said about her. "I'm sure you'll just wet yourself again in fear of the water" Yukina replied back.

"Enough of this Yukina and Lilly if you fight amongest yourselfs again then it's back to the room" Yvraine yelled.

The wind was still gathering around herself and she shot forward towards Haley.

"I'd actually be scared if you could aim but you clearly can't. You've not landed a single blow yet I've managed to strike her wings." Lilly answered Yukina's taunt.

"Lilly, grow up!" Holly sent to her. "Listen to Yvraine. She's clearly the most mature here."

"I'm still hungry. All this talk of fire, water and mature is making me think of cheese on toast." Haley injected.

"Magic yourself some illusion cheese on toast then!" Holly answered.

Another wind bolt at Haley, which the Garuda intercepted with a flap of its wings.

"Pecking time!" Haley told her pets. The Garuda shot a tornado towards Kara while the Roc flew in for a fly by peck.

"Knock her down, water hag! I can't hit her!" Lilly sent to Yukina.

"LILLY!" Holly scolded. "Please, Yukina, can you try to bring her down towards Yvraine?"

"Why not me?"

"Because I said so!"

"Cruel..."

"Yet that attack of yours was piece shit" Yukina answered back. She looked back at Kara who was flying towards Haley and created a water wall before her which seemed to stop Kara in her tracks.

Evil Kara saw the water wall before stopping. She then saw as both of Haley's beasts came towards her. Evil Kara sent a blast of wind at the tornado and seemed to avoid the peck by Roc.

"Wet yourself for her then that will bring her down" Yukina sent Lilly. She gathered another attack of water and sent it at Kara,

"Because you're useless!" Lilly angrily answered.

"You've asked for this, Lilly." Holly sent to her. She then focused her magic and sent a bolt of it at Lilly. "Resilient Sphere." Holly cast. A purple orb bust out of the magic and trapped Lilly within it. She tried to break out but the sphere stood firm. Nothing could harm it.

"What the hell?! Friendly fire's stupid!" Lilly exclaimed.

"You're useless to us if you let your emotions control you. You'll sit this one out and maybe you'll learn something from it." Holly sent back without remorse. One less headache.

"Worth it. She was no use to us like that." Holly explained her actions.

"Round two! Duo eagle dive!" Haley instructed her pets. Both creatures shot towards Kara. The Roc went from left to right and the Garuda from north to south. They each flew over Kara at separate intervals and tried to grapple her wings in their talons.

Yukina decided to ignore Lilly and sent two large torrents of water at Kara. One struck Kara and knocked her back. She blocked the other wave of water with a shield and sent a wind blade at Yukina.

Evil Kara then felt as both Roc and Garuda grab her wings.

Yvraine saw this and smiled. "Bring her to me" Yvraine sent Haley.

Haley did as asked and instructed her pets to take Kara over to Yvraine. Before they put her down, they clawed a little at her wings to try and prevent them from working so she couldn't fly away. After they had finished, they both disappeared back into the illusion realm.

"Good going, Haley." Holly sent to her.

"We don't need Lilly after all." Haley sent back with a little smugness, to which Holly chuckled a little.

Evil Kara felt both animals start to claw at her wings she tried to swap them away. But their grip was tight as she was brought closer to Yvraine. Many black feathers fell from the sky as small trails of blood rained down.

Yukina dodged the wind blade.

Yvraine was busy getting ready for what she planned to do to Kara. She began to gather vast amounts of magical power.

"Isha" Yvraine shouted. As she darker and more powerful half of her personality took over.

"Looks like we're done." Haley announced through telepathy. "Let's let the crazies deal with her."

"Seems that way." Holly answered.

The pair watched the events that were about to unfold. They were still ready for fighting should it come to it,.

More power was gathered around Yvraine as she pointed over at Kara two giant vine like roots. Suddenly seemed to form from the roof of the building and shot towards Kara. The vines were green and wrapped around her arms and legs.

She was pulled closer to Yvraine who once within range smiled.

"I've been waiting for this!" She snapped.

The pair continued to watch. It turned out that Yvraine was kind of on bad terms with Kara. The twins didn't know why and Holly didn't want to know either.

Back in the sphere, Lilly was watching the events unfold. She really wanted to get out there and slap the water witch for forcing her to sit this combat out. She wondered just what was running through Holly's mind when she trapped her. Was she feeling guilty? Scared? Apprehensive? Did she enjoy it? Did she really want Lilly out of the fight?

Asking these questions in her mind would get her nowhere. Lilly rode the sphere like a hamster in a ball towards the rooftop the twins were on. She kind of liked the feel of the ball. She felt like she'd had already become one with it but that was beside the point at the moment. She had more pressing matters to attend to. Once within talking range of Holly, Lilly asked her what she wanted to.

"Holly, any chance I could get out of this ball? I kinda need to...there's no other way to put this...I need to...pee." Lilly asked. She started to move around a little in her ball.

Yvraine just smiled an evil smile as Kara was brought onto the roof. "You killed my sister those years ago and now you will pay" Yvraine shouted as the vines tightened around Kara's arms and legs another one seemed to appear out of thin air and wrap around her neck. It started to crush the wind out of her.

Evil Kara was thrashing wildly against the vines holding her yet she felt the one around her neck. Start to crush her she had finally had enough calling forth more power of wind a many great wind blades formed and seemed to cut through each of the vines.

"No." Holly answered. "Don't try and pull that one on me. I won't fall for it."

"But I'm not lying! I really do need to!" Lilly answered. "This is humiliating. I'm being bullied by my little sister."

"You asked for it." Haley cut in.

Lilly didn't even bother replying. She just sat in her hamster ball and rocked gently from side to side. She knew she shouldn't have downed that Cola before the fight.

Evil Kara fell to the ground gasping for air as she regained what was taken from her. Still feeling weak Evil Kara floated into the air and flew high into the sky. She then started to shout out a name

"Lord of the Dragons, Lord of the Skies I call upon thee. Come forth Bahamut!"

Yvraine and Yukina felt the incoming flow of magical power that Kara was calling forth she was starting up a summoning spell one of great power.

"Can I go now?" Lilly asked Holly.

"No." Holly answered.

"But I really need to."

"No."

"I'm going to pee myself!"

"Do it. It's your own fault."

Holly was being quite unlike her normal self. Lilly decided to move over to Haley now.

"Can you let me out?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Yes but I won't." Haley answered.

"Why not?"

"Because."

"Because why? I'm going to pee myself!"

"Because I said so. You can pee yourself. You've done it before. Better out than in."

A loud cry seemed to rip across the sky. As Evil Kara had finally gathered enough power to fully summon forth Bahamut Lord of Dragons.

The clouds in the sky began to part as a mighty black dragon appeared in the sky. It's scales were black in color and seemed to cover it's whole body. It's wings seemed to block out the sun and her flapped them.

Neither sister seemed to care about Lilly's predicament so she was forced to sit in the ball and push down hard on her crotch. She wasn't sure how long it'd be before she burst. Where would it all go? Would she have to sit in it? How much would the ball fill up?

She quickly shook any thoughts of wetting herself out of her mind. She didn't want to. Although...

She noticed that the sky suddenly got darker so she looked up.

This didn't look good.

A huge black Dragon was filling the sky.

"Okay, I'm seriously going to pee myself now." Lilly announced to her sisters.

"So are we." Holly answered as she trembled in fright. Haley just nodded.

Yvraine and Yukina both gasped. As they saw the large black dragon fill up the sky. Yvraine knew that if the dragon attacked the city would be wiped out.

"We need to form a shield now!" Yvraine shouted and sent to everyone.

Yukina said nothing yet knew what to do she began to gather the water around herself. Then placed both hands forward and a large water shield began to form.

Yvraine noticed this and started to add her own powers to Yukina's water shield that seemed to grow larger in size.

The water shield coupled with a roar from Bahmut was the end for the trio.

"Too late." Lilly said as she felt warm fluid escape her urethra and pool around at the bottom of the sphere. She couldn't hold it any longer. The water was bad enough and the dragon just added to it.

"Same here." Holly said as a tell-tale splattering sound indicated that she had indeed burst as well. A small puddle was forming on the floor beneath her crotch.

"I'm just peeing for the sake of it." Haley admitted as she voluntarily let her hold decline. Holly's stream was joined by the splattering from Haley's as well.

Evil Kara told Bahamut what to do it started to open it's mouth as vast amounts of power began to gather in the conter forming into a small ball of energy that started to form. The ball of power seemed to grow in size with each passing second.

"A little help here?" Yvraine sent out.

Can't. Peeing." Haley sent back.

"What can I do?!" Holly asked in shock. "I'm no match for a GIANT DRAGON!"

"I'm trapped in a ball. I can't do much." Lilly answered.

Dragon's frightful presence was really bad in a situation like this. Once the three streams ended, Lilly was sitting in a small puddle which filled the base of the ball she was in and the twins were standing in quite a large puddle as well.

Yukina laughed quietly to herself. As she heard that Haley had wet herself. She just seemed to add more of her own power to the shield.

"Can you strengthen the shield being cast that's all I sak" Yvraine sent Holly.

"How'd that happen?" She sent Lilly.

"Don't you know? Holly locked me in here for no reason." Lilly sent back.

"I locked you in there because you weren't helping us at all." Holly sent back.

"Don't know no shields but I can get someone who does. Give me a minute." Haley sent back. She teleported over to the rooftop with the group on and started to chant to open a gate to the Illusion world.

"Let me out?" Lilly asked. "I can make shields!"

"Just let her out of the damn thing" Yvraine shouted.

She looked up as the ball of energy in Bahamut's mouth was now much larger in size and shape. She felt the power from it.

"Don't talk. Don't do anything but make the shield." Holly ordered Lilly as she dismissed the sphere. Lilly nodded in response as her urine pool splashed onto the floor. She then dived over to the rooftop with the group on and added her flame to the shield strength. It now seemed to take on a fiery glow.

"Still casting." Haley announced. "He'll be here soon."

Holly teleported over to the rooftop with the teleport given to her at the start by Yvraine and added an arcane layer to the shield. She made it the inner layer as her's was the weakest shield present.

"So, what is that thing?" Holly asked.

She felt as Holly appeared beside her and added the acane layer to the sheild. The shield seemed to grow in strength as all the girl's poured their magic into the shield.

Bahamut was finally done gathering the energy needed to attack.

"Mega Flare" Kara screamed.

A large around sphere of pwoer shot forwards at the shield.

"He's here!" Haley announced as a tall man in a top hat appeared from the Illusion gate. He seemed to have no face and he looked like a wooden doll. The sort of thing artists use to start drawing people. A posing mannequin of sorts. The Magician tilted his top hat and pointed his cane at the shield. It appeared to grow in strength even more as a black layer was added to it.

"Don't like the sound of the Mega Flare." Holly stated.

The sphere of power slammed into the shield creating a massive explosion of raw magical power. A blinding light filled the area as Yvraine and Yukina shut their eyes against the light.

"Cast ok Kara now while you can" Yvraine sent to everyone.

The intensity of the light was too much. All the girls shut their eyes at the sight of it and Holly fell to the floor a little as she felt a stray beam fly through the shield into her own.

"How long will this last?" Haley asked. "Dragon breath can't last forever. We'll strike her when she's down."

"Only a little while longer" Yvraine told Holly as she still had her eyes closed against the blinding light.

The dragon's breath was starting to fade away but there was still lots of power left for now.

The girls kept the shield strong while Bahamut expelled his weapon on it. Haley was starting to get a little impatient as she really wasn't doing much. She looked up at Bahamut and smiled at the big dragon.

"He'd make a nice pet." She announced.

Bahamut seemed to fade away as his time was up. Evil Kara was panting heavily as it had taken. A great deal of power to summon him. As the light fadded to Yvraine opened her eyes.

"Now everyone attack her at once" Yvraine shouted.

"Why attack her?" Holly asked. "Why not just trap her?"

Not caring about the other's opinions, Holly went ahead with her plan.

"Resilient Sphere."

A familiar purple sphere shot forth and collided into Kara's person before a large purple bubble started to form around her.

"If we attacked her all at once we could weaken her further" Yvraine told Holly, "But you also have a point there" She added.

A large purple bubble began to form around Evil Kara she again tried to teleport away, But the anchor from earlier was still affecting her. The bubble formed around her completely.

"This won;t hold me for long" Evil Kara shouted.

"Try it." Holly challenged. "It's made to imprison just about anything. You can batter it as much as you want."

"Clever." Haley commented. "Not a practical design, though."

"Start talking." Lilly commanded. "Why are you doing this?" She knew that that wet patch on her leotard would make her a little less intimidating.

Evil Kara did just that she battered the sphere with the little power she had left. Yet nothing seemed to work at all.

"Why should I tell you anything?" Evil Kara answered as she looked over at Lilly. "Oh, nice wet patch did this make you wet and horny?" Evil Kara taunted.

"N-no it didn't!" Lilly answered with a huge blush. "It's just..."

"She peed herself." Haley cut in. This evoked an angry glare from Lilly.

This line of questioning was now down the drain because of Haley. She'd have to try another approach. She looked over at Yvraine and seemed to indicate with her eyes that she should take over.

"Just what, just like the other night when you were all mine and I fucked you like crazy?" Evil Kara spoke.

Yvraine seemed to walk forwards towards Kara she used a vine whip to wrap around her neck. And turn her head towards her,

"I should kill you" Yvraine snapped.

"WHAT?!" Lilly shouted out. "You did WHAT?!"

She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Kara would never do something like that. Lilly even checked herself over in the shower that morning and she had no signs of forced entry or any form of entry for that matter.

"About that..." Haley started. She couldn't quite tell her the truth yet. "Ignore it. She's crazy."

Evil Kara just laughed at Lilly's shout she ignored her.

"Oh, look who we have her the younger sister still feeling angry at what I did?" Evil Kara asked.

A look of pure hatred formed in her eyes as the vine around her neck tightened.

"Family squabbles are a headache." Haley stated as she dismissed the Summoning she made and then turned away from the group to sit on the edge of the roof.

"If you don't need me I'll just be over there." Holly told the group as she joined Haley on the edge of the rooftop.

"We all done?" Lilly asked, hoping they'd say yes so she could get out of her wet leotard.

Evil Kara turned her head slowly to look back at Lilly a final time. "I know what you truly want" She said painfully.

Her head was snapped back towards Yvraine.

"But I don;t think I will just yet" She said.

"Have fun. Don't play too rough." Lilly said to the trio as she headed to join her sisters. While walking, she changed back into her school clothes. When she joined the pair, she sat with them and looked over at the town's skyscape.

"Kinda nice view." She commented to her sisters.

"Yeah. I like this kind of view. It's always very peaceful." Holly answered.

"D'you think Kara'll ever be back to normal?" Haley asked.

"I don't know." Lilly replied. "I really don't know."

It seemed that Yvraine and Evil Kara had alot to talk about. There was various shouts and yelling going on mostly this seemed to come from Yvraine. Who started to sob yet seemed to release the vine from around Kara's neck.

Yukina had been watching everything. But her gaze seemed to be fixed on Lilly. She decided to have a little fun with her. With a small wave of her hand Yukina chanted softly.

Soon a small water patch began to form on Lilly's panties. This was mainly meant to tease her.

While chatting about random things, Lilly felt a little wetness on her panties. She looked down in shock and saw a small wet patch form. She knew it wasn't because she needed the toilet, as she had just let it all out when Bahamut appeared. She shot an angry glare back at Yukina.

Holly seemed to catch on and she joined the angry glare. Except Holly's was more like a cute pout than an angry glare as Holly couldn't do angry very well.

The chatting soon seemed to head as Yvraine walked up and placed a hand upon Kara's head.

Yukina smiled back she made the wet spot on Lilly's panties grow bigger. She looked at Holly but said nothing she floated up into the air and seemed to fly away from the group.

"Yeah, fly away with your cheap magic tricks." Lilly quietly taunted Yukina as she left the group.

"Elements are complicated." Holly said with a shake of her head. "Just because water and fire don't mix it doesn't mean that people who use them have to follow suite as well."

The conversation between Yvraine and Kara has now ended with Yvraine touching Kara's head.

"Done now?" Haley asked as she went up to the squabbling duo. "Can we get going?"

It seemed that Yukina had one final trick left for Lilly. A small puddle of water formed above her head. Before falling down towards her.

Evil Kara seemed to fall a sleep suddenly.

"She should return to normal in a few hours"

Lilly suddenly felt like a bucket of water had been mercilessly splashed onto her head. She let out a surprised yelp before diving up and looking at how wet her clothes were.

"Yuukiiiiiinnnaaaaaaaaaaa!" Lilly growled as she looked up to where Yukina had gone away. "I'LL GET YOU!"

"So, she is just tired?" Haley asked, not quite understanding what was going on. "What were you talking about?" Haley then looked over Yvraine and tried to read her past links to Kara.

"Something like that she will be sleeping for a while it's best that one of you look over her" Yvraine said. As she handed Kara over to them.

She turned away from the group and seemed to become engulfed in a wave of vines then vanished from sight.

For some reason, it turned out that Haley couldn't read anything off her. She wondered just what she might be hiding. "Okay." Haley answered as she took Kara over to Lilly.

Lilly took Kara and turned to Holly.

"Can you teleport us to the school?" She asked Holly.

"I'm not sure but I'll give it a go." Holly answered as she prepared a teleportation circle.

Kara just laid there in Lilly's arms yet she seemed to reach around and hug Lilly for comfert.

Inside her head Evil Kara had been sealed away once again. It appeared that Yvraine had placed a much stronger seal over the area in her that was evil.

Once the circle was complete, Holly asked the group to join hands while she cast the spell. It took a little while but they arrived in the main quad of the school again.

"Let's take her to the infirmary." Lilly suggested and the group carried Kara to the infirmary. Inside, they placed her on a bed and Lilly looked at a wall clock. They only had ten minutes of lunch left. The twins had already changed out of their battle outfits and were now sitting with Lilly watching over Kara.

Kara was placed upon a bed as she seemed to be tossing and turning in her sleep. As she dreamed she saw images from her past and from today. The evil part of her had tried to hurt her froends.

"Leave them alone" Kara shouted.

She was tossing and turning more and more now.

"She looks kinda whacked out." Haley commented when she saw Kara toss and turn.

"Wouldn't you be?" Lilly asked rhetorically. "She's just been overtaken by a sealed part of herself. Of course she'd be a bit broken down."

Holly placed a hand on Kara's head and a warm purple light came forth from it to engulf Kara's person.

"Respite." Holly cast. This spell should help soothe any mental pain or anxiety Kara was going through right now.

The spell Holly had cast upon her seemed to help at first and her tossing and turning faded. But soon it returned with more force.

"I.. I didn't mean to leave them alone" Kara started to speak out.

She seemed to be reached out with her hands for something.

"Help someone help me"

"Didn't seem to work." Holly declared when she saw Kara's restless sleep return. "Any ideas?"

Lilly shook her head and Haley had her usual mischievous smile on her face.

"Not perverted ideas." Holly quickly cut in. Haley frowned and remained silent.

Lilly and Haley both leaned in a little closer to see what was wrong with Kara. When Kara reached her hands out, her left one clasped around Lilly's tiny left breast and her right one lay on Haley's flat chest just above her right nipple.

"Not my fault." Haley announced.

Kara not know what she was touching seemed to grab ahold of it and fondle it or at least pulled on it. She seemed to fondle it some more as images of the dream of the other night filled her mind. "Lilly I know you want this" Kara said.

She twisted Lilly's nipple gently in her sleep before letting go of both breasts then seemed to reach out for something again.

After the fondling, Lilly quickly stepped away from the bed. She had a huge blush on her face.

"She's a beast!" Lilly announced.

Haley, on the other hand, seemed to enjoy it. She climbed onto the bed and pulled up her skirt to reveal her panties. She then pulled these aside and guided Kara's hand to her exposed flower.

"Touch it." She quietly encouraged Kara.

Kara hands came around Haley she pulled her close to her. With her right hand she touched Haley's body her hand seemed to have a mind of it's own as she reached down. Her fingers came into contact with Haley's treasure.

She seemed to run her fingers lightly over the flower petals. Rubbing and touching them like any sort of lover would.

"Sickening!" Holly announced as she turned away from her sister's blatant lust for pleasure.

"Um, Haley...?" Lilly cut in. Haley just seemed to ignore her.

"Touch it. Pleasure me. Make me burst." Haley seductively ordered Kara. She had used a little of her magic to make her voice sound like Lilly's to Kara.

A small amount of magic seemed to leak out of Kara and engulfed both of them. Forming a small sphere around them it was normal one Lilly and Holly couldn't see inside. But they could speak to Haley if they wanted to.

"I wanted this for so long" Kara sounded. As she heard Lilly's voice. Again she ran her finger's over Haley's peach and slipped her index finger inside.

"I like seeing you pee, I want you to wet yourself only for me and no one else" Kara said.

"I think we should leave." Holly quietly said as she started to head out of the infirmary. Lilly stayed behind for a while longer. She could hear what the two were doing but she couldn't see it.

"A have I." Haley answered. "I don't need to pee right now but I know you'll make me burst."

Haley thought about ways in which she could make herself desperate enough to wet herself on Kara.

Kara seemed to use her other hand to reach up and start to try and pull off Haley's clothes. "Lilly I liked the other night I know you liked me pleasuring you remember in the classroom?" Kara asked.

She slipped another finger inside of Haley.

Haley wasn't quite sure what Kara meant but she decided to play along with it.

"Can you make me burst now like you did back then? Make me explode all over you. Make me soak you in my warm pee." Haley answered.

For some reason, her heart was beating really fast and she was feeling rather hot. Haley had no idea what this meant but the vaginal stimulation which Kara was giving her was causing her to need to urinate.

Kara started to slowly slide her fingers in and out of Haley slowly. At first then they started to pick up speed.

"Yes, I will I like when your desperate I.. I love you Lilly" Kara answered.

She tried to slip a third finger inside of Haley.

Haley's request for relief was becoming more severe as Kara rubbed a little faster. Haley wondered just what Kara was doing. She didn't quite understand what was going on. She somehow liked what Kara was doing as well.

Haley's clitoris was too small to allow Kara to put a third finger in. Haley felt the need to urinate rise at a rapid rate. After a few seconds, the first spurt of warm fluids left Haley's urethra to wet Kara's teasing fingers.

"I'm peeing." Haley told Kara. "Keep going. Make me burst."

Lilly wasn't sure what to think of it all. She could hear them talking about things but she didn't know what they were doing. She was strangely drawn to listen to the pair. She pulled her skirt up and pushed her panties down and, somehow, found herself rubbing around inside her clitoris.

"Kara loves me?" Lilly quietly asked herself as she heard Kara admit to it.

Kara found out she couldn't add in a third finger but instead used her thumb to rub over. Haley's clitoris she felt warm urine flow onto her fingers.

"Lilly your doing it please do it to me to I love you" Kara said happily,

Just what sort of kinky dream was Kara having? Haley wasn't quite sure what to do so she just copied what Kara was doing to her. She pulled Kara's panties aside and rubbed away at Kara's clitoris. She felt another spurt escape her own urethra so she knew she wouldn't last much longer.

"I'm gonna pee soon. Do you want me to pee anywhere in particular?" Haley asked Kara.

Whatever the two were doing in there, it definitely got Lilly going. She could already feel a climax coming on and she hadn't started rubbing until a little while ago. She got some towels from a nearby bed and placed them on the seat she was using. She then took off her skirt and panties and folded them up. She then placed them on a nearby bed. She didn't want to get her new uniform wet. She also placed a few towels on the floor beneath her seat in case she bust and started to spray a little more than she wanted.

Kara had never felt happier she felt Haley's small fingers upon her clitoris and moaned in pleasure. She kept up her own movements on Haley.

"On the floor I wanna see it" Kara said.

She had moved up off the bed and fully kissed Haley on the lips.

"Okay." Haley answered as she got up off the bed and sat on the tiled floor of the infirmary. "Watch closely, I can only do this once."

Haley knelt down and spread her feet apart. Her legs were now in a 'v' shape, giving Kara a full view of her panties if she so wished to look. Haley's clitoris was practically touching the cold floor through the thin cotton of her panties. She lifted the front of her skirt up and closed her eyes. She exhaled deeply as she let her muscles relax.

It started out as some small drips landing on the floor before it turned into a slight trickle. Haley's panties became wetter as her stream started to flow free. The rivulets of her yellow urine ran out of the sides of her panties and down her legs to pool on the cold tiles of the infirmary floor. Once the seal was broken, Haley's stream became a full on torrent of warm yellow liquid which hissed out of Haley's sodden panties and in to the floor of the infirmary to form a large yellow puddle. Haley's panties were now so wet that they were sticking to her flower's petals. If Kara looked closely, she could see Haley's peach through the sodden material in all its glory, almost as if Haley was wearing no panties at all.

After around twenty seconds, Haley's torrent died down to a trickle. She was now sitting in a huge puddle on the floor.

"I peed." Haley announced with a slight chuckle.

Lilly was practically gushing herself as slimy clear fluid shot forth from her own clitoris to land noiselessly on the towels she had placed underneath her. She went through at least three climaxes as she listened to Haley's stream puddle onto the floor around her. She imagined it in her head with picture perfect clarity. She loved it.

Though Kara couldn't see what Haley was really doing she was dreaming of Lilly doing that instead. "It looks so pretty and cute" Kara said with glee. She could see Lilly's panties all wet with her juices she smiled at this.

Watching as Lilly/Haley wet herself Kara moaned in happiness. "Thank you" Kara shouted out. As she reached out with both hands and wrapped around Lilly. But in the real world she was holding nothing. "You will be punished for this Lilly but I know you'll like the punishment" Kara answered.

Secretly, Haley had recorded what she was doing with her magic. She transfer this to her phone and send it via text to Kara and Lilly later. She knew they'd love it.

"Punish me. I've been a naughty girl." Haley said seductively.

Lilly, because of the multiple climaxes, was now panting for breath. Her hand was wet and the towels under her were soaked with love juices. She lay back on her seat with her bottom half naked as she caught her breath again.

Kara had gotten off the bed she seemed to open her eyes finally. She was still a bit out of it but she still was picturing Lilly before her. Walking over she took Lilly/Haley by the hand. Using her other hand to run lightly over her sodden panties.

"Just look at yourself Lilly you peed yourself have you no shame?" Kara asked.

She smacked Haley on the butt rather hard.

"If it's for you, I would never be shamed." Haley answered, thinking that was the sort of answer Kara wanted. She let out a little more urine as Kara ran a hand over her sodden panties.

"Touch my puddle. Shame me with it." Haley begged.

She slapped Haley's ass again. "Take off you clothes" Kara order as she ran her fingers arcross the wet materail of Haley's panties.

She pushed her fingers into Haley's peach. "just like yesterday in the classroom I bet you did this on purpose now hurry with the clothes and sit in your puddle"

Kara was starting to creep Haley out a little now but she knew she should keep up the façade.

"I will do as you command." Haley answered as she took off her wet panties and threw them to one side. They splatted against the floor wetly before sticking to it. She then removed her school dress and sat in just her socks and vest.

"You look beautiful sitting their in your puddle" Kara then took off her own clothes and panties. She walked over and joined Haley in sitting in the puddle.

"I want you to make me feel good"

"Join me. We'll warm it back up." Haley answered and it appeared that Kara did just that.

"Touch me like you did before." Haley answered as she returned to stimulating Kara.

Kara answered Haley's wish and went back to stimulating her with her fingers. "Can you make me pee as well Lilly?" Kara asked.

As she slipped a finger inside of Haley again.

"I'll try but you're stronger than me in that sense." Haley answered. She tried to mimic Kara's earlier movements which caused her to burst.

"Make me pee more."

Kara moaned in pleasure as she felt Haley's finger on her peach. "Your wish in granted" Kara said. She added another finger and mirrored the vents from earlier on Haley.

True to her word, Kara's movements was causing Haley to start to need to urinate again. She was surprised herself as she didn't normally need to go shortly after bursting but something was different.

She quickened her own movements against Kara's crotch in hopes of making her burst as well.

Kara increased her movements on Haley and smiled.

It was also having in effect on Kara as Haley's fingers were working their magic and making her need to pee.

"I'm gonna burst soon." Haley announced as she started to move around a little. "I won't do it unless you tell me to."

Despite what she said, she was already starting to feel the warm fluids creep up to her urethra's exit.

"We will do it together" Kara said. She started to move around as well.

She could feel that her bladder was quite full and was begging for release.

"Please let me go now." Haley begged as she was practically shifting around every second. "I don't think I can hold it much longer."

She then felt the first large spurt leave her girlhood. It hissed out as it splattered against the cold floor of the infirmary.

"Then let it go" Kara answered.

She felt her own spurt leak onto Haley's fingers as then a steady stream flowed out of her urethra. To then pool onto the floor. Forming a small puddle in the already cold wet puddle from earlier.

"I can't..." Haley started, She then completely lost control as fresh urine gushed out of her urethra to soak her crotch and Kara's teasing hand before re-heating the puddle on the floor.

"I've burst. I'm sorry." Haley said to Kara while trying to sound as apologetic as possible.

Kara felt the pee soak her fingers as Haley let loose with her own stream. She kept on fingering Haley.

"It's okay sweetie" Kara said.

"Twice I've peed myself without your permission." Haley answered. "Will I be punished?"

Secretly, Haley was loving every second of this. She didn't care if Kara thought she was Lilly, she loved the attention and the skinship.

"Later Lilly right now this is all we need" Kara said as she kissed Lilly/.Haley on the lips.

She used her finger to tease Haley's urethra some more.

Haley didn't fight the kiss. Once it was over, Haley bent down and kissed Kara's clitoris.

"Tastes bitter." She chuckled as she licked Kara's nib of her clitoris.

Kara moaned as Haley kissed her clitoris.

As she licked it a small spray of urine shot out into Haley's mouth.

"It's like a water fountain." Haley chuckled when Kara's urethra spurted out a spray of warm liquids. "I wonder what'll happen if I bit it?"

Haley then bit Kara's nib ever so gently to see what would happen.

Kara moaned louder as Haley gently nibed on her clitoris. "D..don't do that kyaa" Kara screamed.

As a larger spray of pee splashed into Haley's face.

"I'm thinking it's more like a sauce bottle now." Haley changed her observation. "Squeeze it too hard and it all squirts out. What about if I did both together?!"

Haley alternated between licking Kara's bitter clitoris and biting down on the nib of it. She wondered just what result this'll give.

"N..no.. please" Kara begged she was totally enjoying what Haley was doing to her.

She had forgotten about Haley's own needs as she soon climaxed. Sending forth a wave of pleasure juices and warm urine into Haley's mouth.

"Bitter and slimy if I do both?" Haley concluded. "Do you like this?"

Haley lapped up the juices that Kara's vagina had expelled into her face and coughed a little at it. It didn't taste that good and Haley knew something was up but she just went on with it.

"Want to do it to me next?" Haley asked.

Kara fell back against the floor. "I like this thank you" Kara said between breathes.

She lay there for a time not sure what she wanted to do next. "Whatever you wish"

"I've made you feel good so now you need to make me feel good." Haley told Kara with a smile.

Haley still felt a little off since lapping up Kara's juices. She hoped it was nothing serious. She wondered just what they were.

Kara seemed to crawl over to Haley and pushed her naked body on the floor. She spread her legs and started to slowly lick and suck on her small treasure. She used her tongue to push into the folds of Haley's labia.

While with her other hand sought out Haley's rear where she slipped a finger inside.

"Ahn!" Haley moaned out. "Be gentle. Don't break me."

Haley had never felt this feeling before. It appeared that her ill feeling had passed by once Kara had started her teasing. Haley's breathing became slow and heavy as Kara continued her stimulation. Haley felt her urge to urinate rise. Something was definitely up. Three times in such a short space of time? Just what was going on?

Kara took this on by going faster with her tongue on Haley's peach. She withdrew her tongue and started to greedily suck upon Haley's peach. She fondled Haley's rear with her finger before raising her bottom half into the air.

"I'm gonna...I'm gonna..." Haley panted out. Her magic was failing so her normal voice would echo behind that of Lilly's. "Kyaaaaaaa!"

Haley burst in Kara's face. Warm clear fluid gushed forth from Haley's girlhood to soak Kara's face. The torrent seemed never ending as it poured forth like a upturned beaker of water.

Kara felt a torrent od pee splash across her face she lapped this up and drank it down. "Lilly, oh Lilly" Kara cried out as she brought her mouth away from Haley's peach.

It was that moment when Kara fully woke up she opened her eyes fully and saw Haley on the floor.

Once Haley's bladder was fully empty, her torrent stopped and she lay on the floor panting from exhaustion.

"Why did I need to pee so much?" She quietly asked herself. She then looked up to Kara and noticed the realisation in her eyes. She'd been found out.

"Uh, hey, Kara." Haley said with a nervous smile.

Looking around she saw that she was sitting in a large yellow puddle on the floor. "How'd I end up here and what am I sitting in a puddle of pee?" Kara asked.

She looked down at herself and saw she was naked the same thing with Haley to. "Haley what did we do?" Kara asked.

Unsure of just how to word what they did, Haley went for a partial truth surrounded by lies, which she hoped Kara wouldn't pick up on.

"Well, as you know, you were put to sleep to cease your crazy rampage. Once we got back here in the infirmary, I started to feel a little off colour, I think I used too much magic, so I went for a sleep to see if I felt better afterwards. I think, with all the thrashing about you did in your sleep, you managed to take off my clothes as I slept on the same bed as you at the suggestion of Lilly, just so she could watch over us both easily. You know what I do when I sleep, don't you? I think, after you stripped us both in your sleep, we managed to roll onto the floor and that's where I peed the bed, technically speaking."

Haley hoped her little story was believable enough.

Kara slowly took in what Haley had to say to her. "Sounds a little weird if you ask me but I'm sorry" Kara says. She got up off the floor "we better get cleaned up" Kara offered. It seemed that the field of magic around them started to fade away to reveal their naked bodies and the puddle on the floor.

Kara had her back to Lilly and didn't know she was there still as she went about cleaning herself down.

"Lilly's right behind you, you know?" Haley informed Kara. "I think we should pull the curtain unless you want to give her a strip-tease."

Lilly just stared, mouth agape, at the naked duo in the puddle of urine. Her face was bright red and she had no idea where to look. She wanted to look to see Haley's naked body but she was also aware that Kara was right next to her so she might get the wrong idea and think of Lilly as a pervert.

Blushing Kara stopped cleaning herself down. Only to slowly turn around and saw Lilly sitting on a bunch of towels naked from the waist down.

"Lilly why are you naked below the waist?" Kara asked as she started to pull the curtain closed around the pair.

"Kya!" Lilly cried out in surprise as she used her hands to cover up her naked girlhood. "I wanna ask you two the same thing!"

"Busted." Haley giggled. "Lilly's been pleasing herself to seeing my naked and pee."

"Have not!"

"Have too."

It was true what Haley had said but she couldn't admit it. Not in front of Kara. Lilly quickly dried her still wet peach with a towel and started to put her clothes back on.

"Stupid Haley. I haven't been doing anything of the sort." Lilly grumbled to herself to try and deny the truth. Yet she still had the images she'd thought up in her mind of Haley and Kara 'going at it'. She blushed even more and tried to shake these thoughts out of her head.

"I was a sleep I didn't know what I was doing" Kara spoke. She started to get cleaned up before putting on her own clothes once again.

In her own mind she still had the images of what she had been doing with Lilly. As she opened the curtain again she looked at Lilly but then looked away blushing.

"Oh I'm so wet and soaked in my pee. I wonder what I should do?" Haley declared loud enough for Lilly to hear. She was doing this to tease her and spite her. It was having its desired effect as Lilly tried even harder to push the thoughts out of her head yet she just couldn't do it. "Should I ask Lilly to clean me down and wipe away my pee from my wet girl bits?" Haley continued her mental assault.

Lilly was now trying really hard to fight back the urge to start to please herself again and give in to Haley's taunting. Her resolve finally shattered when she saw Haley's naked body when Kara opened the curtain. She ran towards Haley's location. It would seem like she was running straight for Kara from Haley's vantage point, who was right behind Kara, but she knew it was for her.

"N..No I'll do it" Kara offered still blushing. She went over to Haley not really sure what she was doing. But as she saw Lilly running out of the corner of her eye she thought she was running towards her. Before Lilly ran around her and moved towards Haley. Feeling sad Kara turned away from the pair.

Then slowly walked out of the room. Yet before she did "I'll leave you to alone" Kara said in a sad tone. As she opened tje door and left true be told she felt jealous. "I wanted Lilly to do that to me" Kara said as she walked down the hall.

Lilly held Haley in a hug, ignoring her wet body. She then handed Haley a towel and a wet flannel.

"H-here." She said as she turned her blushing face away from Haley. "You're old enough to do this yourself, silly."

"Awww, I wanted you to do it." Haley tried her assault again. It worked as Lilly cleaned Haley down. Taking extra care around her girlhood and nipples before doing the same with the towel.

"You're dry." Lilly told Haley as she turned her back to her. "You can put your own clothes on."

In truth, Lilly was ecstatic for being able to do what she did. She really wanted to put Haley's clothes on her as well, particularly her panties, but she knew she couldn't. Lunch had been over for the past half an hour so Lilly really should be getting to her lessons. She hoped that her teachers knew just what she's been through.

Thoughts were racing through her head of everything she had seen and known about Lilly and both her sisters. In truth she was jealous of them of the love and attention they all got from one another. In truth Kara had never known any of that as she was an only child she felt really sad on the inside.

"Why can't I ever feel the way they do?" Kara asked herself. She then walked over to the main quad of the building. And sat down on a small bench.

"I want to feel loved I don't want to feel alone anymore. I want to feel like I belong somewhere and have people who will love me"

Lilly started to head out of the Infirmary when she heard Haley speak to her.

"Kara thought it was you." Haley told Lilly. "I made it that way."

Lilly stopped for a second and digested what Haley had told her. She didn't want to reply so she just left the infirmary and headed to her next lesson. She passed through the quad and saw Kara on a bench.

"Shouldn't you be heading for you lesson?" Lilly asked.

Back in the infirmary, Haley was starting to feel a little weird again. Her stomach hurt and her mouth felt really dry. She pushed these aside and got a drink of water from a nearby cooler before heading off to her French Lesson.

She was still sitting alone when she saw that Lilly was walking towards her. "I guess" Kara said quietly. She got up from the bench and started to walk past Lilly. "I want to feel the same feelings of love and attention you have for your sisters" Kara said as she walked past. She headed back into the main building leaving Lilly outside.

"I wish you would make me feel just as special" Kara spoke. Before the doors fully closed behind her.

"The love I have for my sisters is different." Lilly answered. "I've still got a space for one special person." She wondered if Kara got her message as she answered just after Kara closed the door. Lilly stayed in the quad for a brief moment as the gentle wind caused her clothes to blow about ever so slightly. Pink petals fell from the surrounding Cherry Blossoms as Lilly slowly went off to her lesson. History Class would be boring.

"You look kind of pale." Holly told Haley when she arrived halfway through the lesson. "You okay?"

"Feel like I wanna puke." Haley answered. "Stomach pounding. Head pounding. Mouth dry."

"Have you seen the nurse?"

"No."

"Do you want to?"

"No.

"Why not?"

"Will probably chuck on the way."

Kara had not heard what Lilly had to say before the door had closed. She walked along the hallways and went to her next lesson which was German. She walked in with a slight blank look on her face.

She took her seat and just looked out the window.

History Class. Learn about old mistakes to not do them again. Despite that, people still do. Lilly paid little to no attention to what the teacher was saying. She had no interest in History. She just gazed out of the window at the quad, looking at the Cherry Blossoms falling from the trees to litter the pavements and benches.

"You really should go and talk to the nurse. You look really sick." Holly continued.

"Feel sick. Look sick. Will likely be sick." Haley answered shortly as she lay her head on her desk and curled up into a ball from the pain in her stomach.

Holly put her hand up to draw attention to Haley's predicament.

"Excusez-moi, peut ma soeur s'il vous plaît aller à l'infirmière comme elle est malade?" Holly asked when she was called upon. (Excuse me, can my sister please go to the Nurse as she's ill?) Holly didn't really care much for French but she could speak it really well. The teacher answered and Holly nudged Haley a little.

"Let's go." Holly told Haley, who just groaned in response.

Seemes Kara wasn't really paying much attention she just seemed to go along with the motion. Of actually doing her work like a robot drone. Her thoughts were still on Lilly and her sisters. As she was doing her work she took out her phone.

'"I'm lonely"' Kara sent to Lilly

She sent the text then added in something else.

'I know I can never have or understand the feelings you and your sisters have for each other. But I've seen the way you all act around each other and how you all love each other. I want to feel that I want to be loved that sort of way'

Kara sent the other message.

Lilly's phone buzzed just above her crotch in the pocket of her skirt. She loved the feeling and let it buzz for a short while longer before looking at it. Kara had text her.

'I love my sisters like most siblings do. There's still a space in my heart for another person. We've been torn apart by means which are out of our control and for that I feel deeply depressed. I want to spend more time with you but I can't.' Lilly sent back.

En route to the infirmary, the twins visited the toilets as the pain got too much for Haley and she did as she said she would. Holly quickly ran to reception and informed the receptionist of Haley's predicament and they said that the nurse would be along momentarily. Holly went back to rejoin Haley and just hoped it was nothing contagious. She had to stand outside the toilets as she knew she'd go the same way if she saw it.

Kara heard her phone buzz. Then looked at the message that Lilly had sent to her. She read it she felt happy at the first part then felt sad at the rest of it.

'Can I be that other person? But I guess it was never meant to be then as we already know what will happen. If my Father finds out about this and I'm sure he will. I'm sorry but I'm tired of being alone and sad all the time' Kara sent back.

'That is a possibility.' Lilly sent back. She'd rather not answer the rest of the text as it'll probably just depress Kara further.

The Nurse arrived outside the toilets and Holly directed them in. She was asked to come along as well but she outright refused to. Her excuse was that she'll just end up the same as Holly couldn't deal with rejections from the stomach that well.

"I just feel...ugh..." Haley stated when the Nurse asked her of her symptoms. "My stomach hurts and..." Haley started before she ended up nearly covering the nurse in her rejections. "..my head hurts."

The nurse asked Haley, between breaks of what was going on, if Haley had had anything different to eat at lunch or if she had had any form of shock against her stomach.

"No..." Haley answered. "I've not had...urk...anything different."

Kara sent nothing back to Lilly. It wasn't until a few minutes later that she got a text saying she was needed at the main office. Seemed that her Father had arrived at the school and had come to get her for the later meeting with Marie. Asking her teacher if she could be excaused from class the teacher agreed.

Clearing her stuff she made her way out of the room and towards the main office. Before she went inside she sent Lilly a final text.

'I'm jealous'

She sent then clsoed down her phone and walked inside.

Lilly received the text from Kara and saw that her phone signal had gone. She just hoped that it didn't mean anything serious. History class finished and Lilly went to visit the toilets before her final lesson. She noticed Holly outside and wondered why she was there.

"What's wrong? Toilets locked? Haley not going with you?" Lilly asked Holly.

"About Haley," Holly replied. "She's sick. She's got some form of sickness bug I think."

"She's in there chucking up at the moment?"

"Yeah."

"Figures."

It appeared that Lilly will have to wait before she can go now. She didn't fare well with sickness much either.

"I need to pee as well but I can't deal with that." Holly answered as she moved around on the spot a little.

"Go pee. There's some toilets down the corridor and to the right." Lilly told Holly.

Kara walked inside the main office and saw her Father Kale standing there. "Ah, Kara shall we be going now?" Kale asked her.

Kara said nothing but only nodded her head. Kale turned around and thanked the headmaster and walked out of the office with Kara behind him. "Today everything shall be changing you will be the one to rid me of Marie from this town" Kale told her.

Kara didn't really understand. "What do you mean?" She asked.

"I'm going to use you to destroy her place of business: Kale answered.

"Won't make it." Holly replied as she squirmed around some more. "Been holding it since Haley had her funny turn. I'm close to leaking."

Lilly wasn't sure what to do. She wanted to grab Holly in a princess carry and whisk her away to the toilets but she also didn't want to draw attention to the situation. Thankfully, Lilly problem was solved when a pale and crying Haley appeared from the toilets with the nurse behind her. Holly wasted no time. She darted in past the pair and quickly went into a free cubicle. She didn't care that they were only half out before she started gushing out into the toilet.

"I wanna go home." Haley sobbed out. "I hate being sick."

"We'll go home now. I know Mother's not going to give a damn about any of this so I'll take Holly and we can go home early." Lilly replied in a comforting voice as she stroked Haley's head. She looked towards the nurse. "Can we go home early? Haley's going to be home alone otherwise and Holly's not going to want to walk home alone when school finishes."

"That's perfectly fine. Haley needs bed rest and she'll be all better tomorrow. It was a minor sickness brought about by something which didn't agree with her." The nurse answered.

