A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*009*2014-06-19 01:20

Here is the next chapter for you all so enjoy.

Chapter 7: Kara's Painful Past

The spell seemed to work. Haley turned to Lilly.

"Put me to sleep, too." Haley requested. Lilly complied and cast the same spell on Haley. She made no attempt to fight it.

Once asleep, she was inside Kara's dream. She tried to find Kara again to repeat what she did the night before. She searched high and low for Kara and found her on the bed with the body of the woman again. She went over to Kara and placed both her her hands on the sides of Kara's head.

"It's only me." She said to Kara. "Imagine where you want to be and keep that thought strong."

Kara was still busy shaking her mom awake her body still covered in blood. He felt a gentle pair of hands touch her head. A familiar voice seemed to speck to her if a soft yet gentle tone.

"H-Haley?" Kara asked.

She started to follow the directions of what Haley had offered. Thinking on something the bedroom changed soon the pair found themselves. In a room where another Kara was together with Lilly, Another Haley and Holly.

They each sat on a girl. All three girls were smiling to Kara.

"You never have to be alone again I will always be by your side I loved you dearly" Lilly said.

"As to I my sweetest angel I don't like seeing you alone as it makes me sad" Holly replied.

"The same you make my life so wonderful and everyday I spent with you is like a dream" Haley said back.

The other Kara had tears in her eyes.

"I don't know what to say I love you all so very much" Other Kara said.

"So you want to be with all of us?" Real Haley asked in response to the sudden change of scenery. "Lilly's likely to feel the same way, too. Holly's starting to warm up to you and I know that I'd like it as well."

Haley looked at the small group in the centre of the room. She looked at each person in turn and smiled to herself.

"I'm sure we'll all love it if that happened." Haley said as she finished her rounds.

Back in the real world, Holly and Lilly watched over the sleeping pair on the floor and worried about what might happen to them.

"Yes, I don't want to be alone or afraid anymore" Real Kara said as she watched the pair before her. Still looking at each girl who shifted around in their seats she looked back at Real Haley.

"I want to be loved and touched, I'd like to feel pleasure and security" Real Kara added. As she reached over and took Real Haley's hand. She pulled Real Haley close and gave her a large hug.

"I really like you Haley I've never felt this way about someone before. I want to always be with you and your sisters" Real Kara mentioned.

In the real world Kara started to cry softly as tears flowed down her cheeks.

Back in her dream world the scene shifted again. This time Dream Kara stood in a room alone yet each girl soon walked up to her and smiled and wrapped their arms around her.

"We will always be here for you Kara we all love you and always will" They all said.

Real Kara broke down in tears, "I love each of you so much" Real Kara had said.

In the real world again Kara mumbled something.

"I love you, Haley, I love you Holly, I love you Lilly"

"I'd also like that to happen but..." Haley went on to say. She remembered some thing which she read of her Mother a while ago. She remembered the feud between the Ravenclaws and the Seras. "...I don't think that can happen." Haley quietly added on.

The scene changed to another room where each sister hugged Kara, who was hugging the real Haley.

"I love you too, Kara." Haley whispered to Kara as she gave he a kiss on the cheek.

In the real world, Holly and Lilly noticed the change which came over Kara's sleeping body. She appeared to be crying. Whether they were tears of sadness or tears of joy, the two didn't know. Kara then seemed to mumble that she loved each of them. Lilly didn't know what to feel, she just held Kara in a hug as tears started to gently trickle down her cheeks as well. Holly did the same but with a little more passion.

Real Kara was still holding onto Real Haley. She heard her voice trail off she didn't hear the quiet part of what Haley had said.

"Please, promise we I'll never be alone?" Real Kara asked.

As Kara looked back at each sister was hugging her. She looked back at Real Haley. "There's some stuff I need to tell everyone it's about my past can we return to the real world?" Real Kara asked.

In the real world Kara felt herself being hugged. She seemed to mumble something once again.

"I don't want to be alone anymore" She said.

Real Kara needed to gather the courage for what she was going to say to them all.

Haley felt really bad for what she was about to say next. Considering the escalation of the feud, she might not be able to keep this promise.

"I promise." Haley replied.

"When you're ready, just let go of the dream. I'll follow along as well." Haley replied.

Kara didn't want to be alone and Holly and Lilly didn't want to lose her. They stayed hugging her until she woke up.

Kara heard what Haley had to say to her. She hoped Haley's promise was real and not turn into a lie later.

Following her directions. Kara soon woke up.

In the real world her felt both Lilly and Holly hugging her, Smiling she leaned up and hugged them both in return.

Releasing her hug. Kara looked them both in the eyes.

"Um, this is going to be hard for me but I need to tell you about my past about the day I lost my Mother and the day where I killed three people in revenge" Kara told them.

"Way to break the ice." Lilly said. "You've been lost in some nightmarish delusions and screaming at the top of your lungs and now you lay this on us?"

"That sounds horrible." Holly replied with a slight sad look. "Don't worry us like that again."

"Um, I've known about this since yesterday. Please don't be mad at me." Haley quietly said to Lilly.

"So, that battle's called off for now? Let's call it a tie." Lilly suggested. "Holly's a quick learner but Haley's full of surprises."

"Let's go into the house." Holly suggested as she changed her outfit back to her normal clothes.

"Let's." Haley added on as she changed back into her normal clothes.

Kara didn't like what Lilly had just said to her. "I-I'm sorry" Kara told Lilly. She looked over at Holly who seemed to have a sad look on her face. Getting up she changed back to her normal clothes as well.

"For now at least, I'd still like to finish the battle if all you guys are up for it?" Kara asked,

The started back to the main house with each other girls.

"Um, where to begin it all started when I was 8 years old" Kara began.

Lilly changed from her battle outfit back into her clothes as the group made their way inside.

"I'm still up for a conclusion after we've took a little breather." Lilly answered.

"I still want revenge on Holly for all those tricks of hers!" Haley added in.

"I'm fine with returning to it but I want you to take a rest first so you're not pushing yourself." Holly said to Kara.

The group headed in and Kara started her recollection.

Kara listened to all that was said at first.

"Okay, once this is done and we are all rested we can do the battle again" Kara told them. They soon walked into the house and made her way over to her room. Kara soon began with her tale once again.

"That wasn't a good time for me as during that time, I was pushed hard by my father he trained hard he wished for me to be a stone-cold killer in combat someone who'd killer without mercy. And this worked I became just like he wanted. The only one who was worried about me was my mother," Kara began.

She stopped and took a seat on her bed and watched everyone else sit on the floor,

"Yet during this time my father's foes were gathering and one night they struck when he wasn't home. I had tried to fight them off at the time but I wasn't all that powerful. They beat me down until I couldn't move and then went into the house. They were three empowered ones like ours selfs. As I lay on the ground I heard a scream and cry for help." Kara added.

"Slowly I gathered what tiny strength I had and ran into the house. I made my way over to my parents bedroom to find my mother. Laying on her bed a pool of blood underneath her. I went over to her and tried to shake her awake. But no luck I tried again and again calling for her to get up. Saying that it was me but I got no answer. Blood began to splash around all over me" Kara went on to say.

The girls listened as Kara recounted the tale of her past. Haley took it all in with indifference as she'd seen it all before in Kara's dream.

Lilly was listening intently at the tale and thinking about how a cold blooded killer could become soft. If this meant that she could kill without hesitation then Lilly was lucky to be alive today.

Holly hugged close to Lilly as Kara told her tale. She wasn't sure how to react at all. Should she cry? Should she offer comfort? What should she do?

Kara watched each of the girl's she wasn't sure how each of them were taking this. So she again went on with her tale.

"I tried for several hours to get my mom to awaken, But no luck with blood covering my body I fell to the floor and started to scream and cry. My father came home sometime later and found me he gathered me up in his arms and told me everything would be ok, But on the inside I knew that it wouldn't" Kara stated.

"Several months passed and I trained harder with my father I seemed to give into the training more. All emotions I had were now gone I became further like he wanted. I also started to try and track down the empowered ones whom killed my mother. Given time I found them we fought each other in a town square where I ended up killing all three of them in cold-blood in revenge. As I stood there in a pool of blood I just remained motionless" Kara added.

"I had a blank look upon my face and a cold smile it wasonly after a short time did I come to see what I had done. All my buried emotions came flooding back to me and a fled the scene of the crime: Kara finished.

"It must have been horrible to lose your Mother at kill people at such a young age." Holly stated with tears in her eyes.

"I can't say I know how you feel but I've also lost a parent." Lilly replied. "When I was just a baby, no older than two years old, my Father died. I don't know how and I don't know why but all I know is what my Mother has told me. She's remarried since then and given birth to both Holly and Haley. She didn't even mourn for him. All she did was search for another person to marry so the business wouldn't be dissolved."

She had her own tears in her eyes after she had finished telling everyone her tale, "It's something I still wish to forget about as I have nightmares about it sometimes" Kara told her.

She then turned over to Lilly. She took in what was said and all. "Could the death of your father have caused a change in your mother? maybe his passing was to much for her to bare so she went out and remarried" Kara thought. She walked from her bed to Holly and give her a small hug followed by Lilly and then Haley.

"If you have any more nightmares, remember what I've told you. You can control them and change them." Haley told Kara as she gave her hand a friendly squeeze.

"I don't think so." Lilly answered. "She's always seemed to only be in it for the money, no matter how bad that may sound. She only wanted to remarry so she wouldn't lose the business as, back then, women couldn't run banking firms."

:"'ll make sure to do that" Kara said with a blush on her face. Seeing as how she could go to the sweet dreams she had of each of the twins and Lilly.

"I'd ask how she was before she met your father but I'm not really sure if you'd truly know. Since how young you were at the time" Kara replied. She got up and started to walk around the room again. "I'm sorry for telling you guys all this, but it's something I needed to get off my chest there's one other thing" Kara mentioned with a huge blush on her cheeks.

"It has to do with my boarding school days but that can wait" Kara added,

"Oh, that." Haley said.

"I guess so." Lilly replied. She remembered the night before's events.

"If you say so." Holly answered.

The girls got up off the floor and headed over to where Kara was.

"If you still want to bring the battle to a conclusion," Lilly said as she started to change into her battle outfit. "We can do it now if you're feeling better."

Lilly felt the first signs of bladder unrest once she changed. The memories of the river running through the battlefield and Haley's illusions which, thankfully, couldn't be used against her in this fight. She pushed these thoughts aside for now and focused on the potential fight ahead of them.

Remembering another thing from the night before. Kara took a piece of small paper and quickly wrote her number on it. She handed the paper of to Lilly. "Here's my number so we can talk alone at need be" Kara told her.

"I'm feeling better now and I would like to see it brought to an end" Kara answered as she changed into her battle outfit. They all walked outside back over to the battlefield again.

Yet during this time she herself felt the need to pee seeing as she had not gone since getting up this morning. Could she really make it through the rest of the day with out wetting herself?

Lilly took the piece of paper and placed it inside her bag, which was in the wardrobe. She followed out with Kara towards the battlefield. The twins seemed to be lagging behind a little.

Haley was going along at a brisk pace whereas Holly was starting to slow down her walking. Holly still had yet to properly use the toilet that day but, considering the rapid turn of events, she had pushed it to the back of her mind. It had only now resurfaced with a burning vengeance. She considered informing Lilly of it but thought against it as more pressing matters were at hand.

Haley had also felt the slightest need to use the toilet but as her battle outfit had no panties, she wasn't that worried about it at all.

Kara turned and walked over to the other side of the field. She waited for Holly to arrive and began to wonder. If maybe that one part of her the cold-blooded killer would ever return. She hoped that it wouldn't at anytime.

Once Holly had arrived at where she stood.

"Is there anything else you want to know about before we begin again?" Kara asked her. She had used a small bit of magic to clean the front of her leotard off.

The twins changed into their battle outfits and stood with their respective team-mate.

"I'd like to know if we're still working by the hit points we had left at the end of the last round and just how long we've got left in the battle. You said it would last 60 minutes." Lilly replied.

Haley stood by Lilly's side and fidgeted around a little. Having her tender spot exposed was just making her need to go worse. She hoped she'd be able to secretly let it all out and have only Kara notice.

Holly was placing both of her hands over her crotch. She made it look like she was just standing normally but secretly her fingers were pressing against her girlhood. She'd always had a slightly weaker holding capacity than Haley and the river wasn't helping matters.

Kara turned away from Holly for a moment so she didn't see her little moments. "We are still going by hitpoints and seeing as the battle was postponed we have about 30 minutes left" Kara called out to her.

As she stood around waiting for the battle to begin she shifted her weight from foot to foot. And squirm around she tried not to make it notice able but was kinda having a hard time. "You guys can go first" Kara called out.

Using both hands she pressed it lightly against her own crotch. She hoped that Lilly would notice at a given time.

"Okay. Just wanted to clear that up." Lilly answered as she drew her twin swords again. "If you want us to go first then we will."

Lilly didn't even pause for a moment, she blinked straight towards Holly and tried to slash down at her.

"Target Holly first. Oust the support and the fighter'll be less potent." Lilly shouted back to Haley, who summoned up an Illusionary Battle Axe and sent it towards Holly.

It seemed that Holly was the target still out of range of getting to her in time. She decided on a spell to use it was a tricky one and she hoped it would full Lilly. Looking over at Haley for a moment she looked back at Holly.

"I've got a spell that can help but I need you to act like Haley for a few seconds for it to work" Kara sent to Holly.

"Chimera" Kara cast upon Holly soon her body began to change into that of Haley. Hoping that this might trick Lilly into letting her guard down by making her believe she was going to hit Haley instead of Holly. Kara decided to attack her.

Gathering the wind around both hands. Kara sent to small gusts of strong air at Lilly. She then spotted the Battle Axe which was sent at Holly as well. Gathering more wind she sent a blast of it at the axe hoping to knock it out of the air.

Lastly she turned back to Haley.

"Confuse" Kara cast upon Haley hoping to confuse her if the spell worked.

"That won't work on Lilly. She knows us too well." Holly sent back as she jumped out of the way of the strike. She only just managed to avoid it but it still cut off a tiny lock of hair.

"Quicken." Holly cast on Kara. This spell will increase the target's ability to cast allowing them to cast faster than normal.

The battle axe, as it was aimed at Holly's original location, flew a little too wide and missed.

"I thought that was Haley's area of expertise." Lilly said as she turned her attention back to Holly. She knew the twins too well to be mislead by a simple trick. Lilly coated her body in white fire and dashed towards Holly again.

Haley redirected the Battle Axe towards Holly again and moved in a little closer. She quickly turned her attention to Kara, who would prove to be quite the nuisance when it comes to cutting Holly out of the competition.

"Let me show you a real misdirection!" She shouted over to Kara. "Smokescreen!"

From Haley's outstretched hand billowed forth a thick murky fog which engulfed everywhere in a ten foot radius with the centre-point being Kara. This was a magical fog so it couldn't be blown away with magic.

It seemed her earlier spell didn't work as she listened to what Holly sent back to her. "I should have tried it on something else then" Kara sent back. She then felt another spell being cast upon her and wondered just what it could do.

Still watching Holly and again it appeared that LIlly. Was going for once again running towards her and Holly she raised up her left hand.

"Wind Wall" Kara cast an invisible vertical curtain of wind appears. It is 2 feet thick and of considerable strength. It appeared between both Holly and Lilly. But what surprised Kara was that her spell was cast and appeared rather quickly.

Turning away from the pair she looked back at Haley. Who appeared to be casting some sort of smokescreen. Not paying it any mind at first as it started to form around her. She tried to use some wind magic to blow it away several times she did this but found. The smoke wouldn't leave the area. Looking around she didn't know just where everyone else was.

"Great no I'm stuck in some form of fog" Kara thought.

Lilly's pursuit was blocked by a curtain of wind. She quickly jumped back before crashing into it.

Haley's Battle Axe flew towards the wind wall and sliced cleanly through it. The weapon itself was not material enough to be blocked by the wall the battle axe slashed down towards Holly, who seemed to be shocked by the wind wall as well.

Holly fell backwards as the axe just missed her. She was now sitting on the floor with an Axe hanging over her poised to chop down again.

"Stop!" She shouted out. The area seemed to pulsate with a magical pulse before turning monochromatic. The axe was still hanging in the air, Lilly was frozen in place looking as if she was about to cut through the wind wall, which was now immobile and the only thing which seemed to be moving was Holly.

"Huh?" She asked as she picked herself off the ground and quickly back-stepped away from the guillotine axe. As quickly as the effect came into play, it faded and time seemed to resume.

Lilly cut through the wall with a blast of fire from her swords. She noticed that Holly appeared to have somehow teleported from once place to another. She felt the brief tang of magic in the air.

"Weird." Lilly thought to herself.

Still lost within the smokescreen Kara wondered just how she was going to get out of this.

"Holly where are you I'm lost in some sort of fog and can't see anything?" Kara sent her. Walking around a few feet she looked up.

"Could that work, can I fly above the fog?" Kara thought.

She began to gather wind magic around herself. Then shot into the sky hoping to get above the fog so that she could see everyone again.

"Not good." Holly sent back as the axe neared her again. Her last spell had used up quite a lot of her magical energy. She now needed to recuperate to not burn herself out. She closed her eyes and started to shake as the axe hovered over her.

"Guillotine press." Haley commanded the axe. Its blade swung down and sliced cleanly through Holly. The axe caused no real harm but the pain of it was still there. Holly screamed as she felt the axe cut through her body. She then felt a warm wetness. She, at first, believed it to be blood but a second thought revealed that it was only in her lower regions. She looked down and saw that she was wetting herself from the fear of being executed by the axe.

"Haley, you're mean..." Holly said as tears started to form in her eyes.

"All is fair in love and war. You said so yourself." Haley replied with a smirk.

Not only had Holly lost two hit points, she was also demoralized by the effects of Haley's attack. She could't bring herself to fight back. She just sat on the floor crying as her bladder finished emptying itself. The axe disappeared.

With Holly's loss of will to fight, Lilly turned her attention to the Smoke screened Kara, who appeared to have flew out of the smoke.

"Support down, fighter now!" Lilly told Haley, who nodded in response.

Lilly then dashed towards the cloud of smoke.

Flying out of the smokescreen she got to look around the whole battlefield again. She spotted Holly in the distance who appeared to be cut down by the axe. Speeding over to her to try and help as she got closer she noticed a wet patch appearing on Holly's panties she appeared to be wetting herself.

"Holly, Holly" Kara called out to her as she landed behind her,

This wasn't good she was feeling her own need to pee another but pushed it aside. Kara was in a bind down Holly wasn't responding she was just crying. Looking over she spotted Haley and Lilly.

"That does it how dare you make this happen to her!" Kara snapped. She knew what she had to do.

"Heed the North wind's mighty gale: lock the door and trim the sail. When the wind comes from the South, love will kiss you the on the mouth. When the Moor wind blows from the West, departed spirits have no rest. When the wind blows from the East, expect the new and set the feast. " Kara chanted.

As great deals of wind magic began to form around her body it seemed like she was powering up. Gale fore winds began to blow across the area. "Flap your wings Fafnir" Kara cast. A giant tornado in the shape of a dragon is summoned to paralyze and lash at the enemy. She sent this powered up dragon at both Haley and Lilly.

Holly just sat crying as her supposed last few moment flashed before her eyes. She really did feel like she had been cut up by the axe. Was this really the power of illusions? She knew it was an illusion but her body acted all by itself. Haley's pretty dangerous when she sets her mind to it.

Seeing the change of pace from Kara, Lilly quickly and gracefully turned and headed in her direction before Kara snapped at the pair. She then chanted something. Lilly knew what this meant. Thinking on the spot, a change of tactics was in order.

"Spread out! Don't group!" She shouted to Haley, who complied and started to scatter from Lilly's location.

As expected, the dragon of wind appeared. Due to their spreading out, the dragon couldn't target both at once. Lilly hoped the dragon went for her instead of Haley.

Haley, knowing what to do, decided it best to leave the attention of a high level spell onto a veteran. She stood no chance against it.

"Invisible!" She cast on herself. Her body seemed to disappear from sight and blend in with the background. As long as the dragon didn't have True Sight, which was not innate in summoned beasts. it won't be able to see her at all.

Kara was breathing heavily she had used up what seemed like a great deal of magic. Just to summon and power up that spell. Looking down at Holly who was still crying thinking quickly she knew a spell that might work.

"Comfort" Kara cast upon Holly gives spirit back to sad and melancholic people. She hoped that the spell would have an effect on Holly.

The dragon on wind which was summoned looked around the battlefield. And spotted Lilly in the distance it flew over towards her.

The spell offered a little comfort but as this wasn't brought about by magic, it didn't quite have the desired effect. Holly was still unable to fight but she could at least assess the situation.

"That was horrible." Holly quietly said. "I thought I'd died."

Holly then looked around the battlefield and sensed the tingle of magic to her right. She looked and saw the outline of Haley in front of the trees.

"Haley's stealth-ed so single target attacks won't hit her. She's to my right. Cast an area spell with its centre around three feet in front of the trees." Holly suggested to Kara.

It appeared that the dragon had taken the bait. She ran forward and waited for the dragon to come close. She'll be a little battered from her plan but she guessed it could work. She cloaked herself in fire and waited for the dragon to attack. She turned her back and continued running. She'd know when the dragon was close.

Haley started to cast for assistance.

"Rend reality. Open the door to illusion. Merge the worlds together. Allow dreams and reality to become one." Haley started chanting as a small purple aura appeared around her.

"I don't want someone I really love and care about to ever die on me" Kara responded back. She felt a greater need to pee this time and pressed both hands into her own crotch. Hoping from one foot to the next. She listened to Holly speak to her.

"Okay, will do" Kara replied as she walked slowly forward.

Looking to her right and spotted the group of trees Kara pointed her right hand forward. Wind began to gather around the trees in another form of a tornado three of them seemed to appear at once. They spun around the area just where Holly had told her.

Yet, once she had done that she felt her aching bladder give way. A huge torrent of yellow fluids was released from her girlhood and began to pour into the crotch area of her leotard. Turning the fabric a clear yellow.

"Not, now no" Kara cried out as she jammed both hands into her crotch to try and stop the flow of pee escaping. The wet spot seemed to get bigger and she dropped to her knees in shame.

The dragon moved closer towards where Lilly was.

Kara followed Holly's suggestion and she heard the tell-tale giggling of Haley in her exhibitionist mode followed by the sound of a startled scream. True enough, Haley reappeared where Holly thought she would, along with a huge three headed dog! Holly then heard a hissing sound coming from Kara. She turned to see Kara wetting herself.

"Huh?!" Holly asked, shocked at Kara's loss of control. "Oh, great. Now I'm alone to face THAT?!" Holly concluded as she started to prepare her next spell.

"Break the shackles of doubt and bring forth the denizens of our minds. Come forth, Dream servant!" Haley had finished casting. A huge roar was heard when a giant purple door appeared and shattered open to reveal a huge three headed dog.

"Puppy!" Haley cried out in joy. She then felt the wind pick up and she giggled. Kara must be playing tricks again. The wind then seemed to cut into her, causing her to let out a startled scream. She knew she had lost two hit points but she didn't care. Her puppy was out! She turned towards both Holly and Kara.

"Get 'em!" She shouted and her three headed companion complied. It let out a loud growl and bounded towards the startled pair.

Lilly waited for the dragon to come close enough so she could just feel its presence before creating three platforms in a right angle shape in front of her. She jumped onto these platforms and wall hiked up them to dive from the top over the dragon's body. She then cloaked her blades in fire and placed them in the shape of a pair of scissors before descending onto the dragon and slicing the tow blades apart when she felt the winds cloak her. It hurt, but it was needed. She'd lost a good deal of hit points, around three to be exact, but she hoped she'd incapacitated the dragon.

Kara was still sitting on the ground in shame. She had just wet herself in front of her friend plus. She was in the middle of a battle and couldn't do anything to help Holly. She spotted Haley reappear with a large three headed dog.

Knowing she needed to do something but not having the power to Kara watched in horror. As the dog neared them. She covered herself with her hands again thinking back to being powerless against her father.

"I'm afraid" Kara stated quietly.

The dragon seemed to vanish once Lilly had finished attacking it. A gentle breeze blew at her.

"Force wall!" Holly quickly cast. A glowing wall of light appeared between Kara, Holly and the three headed dog.

"I can't keep this up for long. It's a channeled spell so I can't do much else while it's up." Holly told Kara as she focused on the wall. She felt her magic energy fail a little and the wall wavered before returning solid. "Hurry!"

"Cowards!" Haley shouted to the two. "Puppy just wants to play!"

Puppy, as Haley called it, stopped before the wall. It then started to circle the pair in a predatory manner, hoping for a break in the wall, growling while doing so.

With the dragon down, Lilly was now free to focus on the pair. She turned and saw a giant three headed dog circling both Holly and Kara. She smiled to herself as battle seemed to be in their favour for now. She ran towards the duo. She then suddenly stopped when she felt a spasm in her bladder.

"Not now! Victory's within our reach." She told her bladder, who didn't seem to be listening. She managed to push it aside but it delayed her.

Kara watched as Holly summoned forth a wall to protect them both. The dog seemed to attack the wall. "Do, you have any spells that can bind the dog of distract it?" Kara asked. She still couldn't really do much at the moment.

She looked around as the dog just seemed to walk around and growl. "If only I could help out" Kara thought but was still embarrassed about wetting herself before Holly.

"Or can you cast something on Haley?" Kara asked.

"I have one spell I could use but it'll take a little time. It can send the beast back to its realm." Holly said. "The other option is," Holly focused to keep the barrier up. "we knock out Haley."

Puppy lashed out one more time at the barrier and it shattered. Holly fell limply onto Kara.

"Too late." Holly said. She had exhausted a lot of magic. She'll need rest before she can cast again.

Haley laughed as she moved in closer to the pair.

"Hold up, Puppy." She told the dog, who complied and growled at the pair on the floor. Haley chuckled a malicious laugh as she waked up to the pair. "Now your little wall's gone, what'll you do now?" She asked Kara and Holly. "Puppy's all for ripping you a new one but I'm kind of thinking against that. Maybe I'll make it slow."

Haley loved the position she was in now. Victory was near absolute. Until she felt a spasm in her bladder. She quickly shot both of her hands down to her crotch. In the heat of the moment, she'd forgotten about her need for relief. What a predicament. Then, she remembered that she wasn't wearing any panties. She moved her hands away from her crotch and spread her legs a little. It'll be less intimidating and more comical but Haley didn't care. She let loose her fluids and they trickled down her legs before shooting down from her crotch.

"Pay no attention to the stream of pee coming from me. It is but an illusion." Haley bluffed with a blush. The blush'll make it harder to hide the truth. "Now, who wants to be eaten first?"

Lilly had, by now, reached the small group. When she saw the stream of urine coming from Haley's crotch, she partially lost control of her own. She felt a warm wetness in her leotard. She jammed both hands into her crotch. She'd lost all strength to move.

"Not here!" She said to herself in dismay. "No no no!"

Too late.

The stream turned into a gush as the wetness created a chain reaction. She felt her warm fluids soak into her leotard,

"I'll go with the other option then" Kara answered. She looked up and felt the magical wall the Holly had created shatter once Puppy had attacked it again. She felt Holly fall against her and looked over at her.

"You've done a great job today Holly thank you for everything" Kara says. She looks back over at Haley who is laughing yet for some reason not attacking them.

"We, will fight back someway" Kara called out. She grabbed Holly and was ready to act as her shield when she heard a faint hissing sound looking up. It appeared that Haley was wetting herself right in front of them. Staring at her wet treasure Kara blushed and felt her girl juices start to soak her leotard once more.

"But then why are you blushing?" Kara asked. Knowing this was the perfect time to counterattack. Getting to her feet she decided on first playing with Haley and giving her something she'd like. Using the wind she blew up Haley's skirt again and this time with the wind started to caress Haley's peach letting the wind blow against it like a set of fingers.

Running away from Haley and Puppy she spotted Lilly who appeared. To be just sitting for some reason running past her. She placed Holly down near a tree "rest up I have something that can work but it's at great cost" Kara said.

"Moon Fang" Kara cast she fires a concentrated blast of wind magic from her hands in the shape of a crescent moon. It flies over at Haley thinking back again to what she had told Holly earlier Kara started to gather her magical power.

"Wetting myself mid-battle..." Lilly quietly said to herself. "...it's stupid."

"B-because I am!" Haley answered. It was a weak come back but it didn't matter as long as she could return to her monologue.

A gentle caress of wind cloaked Haley's damp peach. She giggle to herself as she let her stream finish.

Haley noticed the quick retreat from Kara, who seemed to interrupt Haley's evil monologue.

"What's the big idea?! That was my time to shine!" Haley angrily stated to the retreating pair. She turned to her companion. "Rip 'em up!" She ordered the dog to do. The dog then shifted its shape into a small three headed greyhound to race towards the pair.

A sudden crescent of wind shot towards Haley, who quickly de-materialised to avoid it.

"Cheap trick!" Haley shouted as she teleported towards the pair. She was now no more than ten feet away from the duo.

"Be careful. The dog may not be able to physically harm but it can still hurt." Holly said to Kara as she was being carried away. "Give me a little more time and I can banish it."

"I'll try to hold him off but I need to time to call upon my own spell" Kara told Holly. Who she looked down at near the tree.

Again the began to gather and focus her powers. She then turned her focus to Haley again. "You should have attacked us before and not go into a full time speech" Kara shouted back. She saw Puppy racing towards them. But it seemed to change shape into that of a greyhound.

"So, she can change the shape of the pets she summons?" Kara thought. Pointing her left hand forward she gathered some air magic and summoned up several strong blasts of wind. She sent them flying a Haley and Puppy these wouldn't hurt them just make it hard so that they couldn't reach her of Holly in time.

Yet again Kara focused on her own magic.

"I summon the light of destruction down upon my prisoners Stars, gather ...and become the light which pierces everything Tear through everything in a blaze of light"

Holly, being able to sense the strength of Kara's attack, knew what she'd do. She knew that Kara would be able to finish this with it. She placed a hand on Kara's shoulder.

"Quicken." Holly cast. She felt the pain of overusing magic but she knew it'd be worth it. "Win this for us." Holly said before she cast her next spell. "Transfer magic."

A white light left Holly's body and traveled down her hand towards Kara. The light would then enter Kara's body, if she wished it to. Once the light faded, Holly's costume turned back to normal.

"Win this..." Holly said before she fell unconscious on the floor.

One opponent down, one to go.

Haley started to channel another spell. She wasn't sure if she was overdoing it yet or not. She knew that Kara was about to cast a really strong attack but she didn't know its strength. Her knowledge of sensing magical energy wasn't as good as Holly's.

Puppy continued in pursuit of Kara before being hit by a blast of wind. It let out a yelp before continuing on its way. It did get knocked back a little so it won't reach her just yet.

"Come on, Lilly. Get up! Kara's about to kick both of us!" Haley shouted to Lilly. "If we lose I'll tell her about what you did last night with the spare nappy!" Haley added on in a slightly quieter voice so only Lilly could hear.

If Kara found that out then...

NO!

Lilly, being the prideful person that she was, wasn't about to let that happen. She focused her resolve and picked herself off the floor.

"You better not!" She shouted at Haley before running towards Kara with renewed vigor. "Flame wave!"

A small trail of flame appeared beneath Lilly and her running speed seemed to increase. She quickly picked up pace and flashed to just above Kara before bringing her swords down in an arch.

"A lot's at stake here so I can't let you win!" She said as she slashed downwards.

She felt a gentle hand being placed upon her shoulder and looked over to see. Holly doing so she felt a rush of magic enter into her body. She let the magic enter her body and as Holly seemed to transfer her magic into Kara,

"Thank you sweetie" Kara answered as she first let everything fully into her body then kissed Holly gently on the forehead before using wind magic to send her away from the fight or at least away enough so she wouldn't get hurt.

She started to gather her magic again feeling the effects of Holly's quicken spell cast upon her. Which seemed to speed up the summoning effects. Yet she spotted Lilly coming right at her who moments ago seemed to be shouting something at Haley.

"I know what you mean but you won't win this" Kara replied.

She felt Lilly's attack slash across her body staggering backwards she felt herself lose two life points. Looking over she spotted Haley again who was coming at her with Puppy. Kara herself finally felt all her magic being gathered into her aplms of her hands.

"Star Burst" Kara casts Kara starts by creating four small orbs of pink energy they appear before her. In the shape of a square next she creates the fifth which appears in the middle of the other four.

With all five pink orbs Kara flys backwards to get enough distance to attack both Haley and Holly at the sametime. Now with the distance she wanted she launched her attack.

Soon four massive beams of pink energy fire at the enemy while Kara gathers energy into the fifth. Orb which is then shot at the enemy as well is a spiral beam fashion. Having used up all her remaining magic Kara fell to the ground her clothes seemed to return to normal as she passed out.

A dazzling array of lights appear after Lilly's attack connects with Kara. Momentarily blinded by the sudden flash, Lilly falls onto the floor on her front. Thankfully, she was close enough to the ground to not get hurt by the attack.

Puppy, seeing the lights, stops and whimpers before racing back towards Haley at full speed and diving through a purple door, which appeared behind her.

"Coward!" Haley shouted before Puppy disappeared.

Once the flash subsided, pink beams were fired from four pink orbs in a square before a final pink orb shot towards the two in a spiralling motion.

"We're..." Haley started.

"..screwed." Lilly finished before the pair were engulfed in the lasers.

The lasers were brutal and even that was an understatement. They decimated anything in range and left nothing but cinders in there wake almost as if the sun itself had crashed into the Earth. Lilly's shield was useless against the relentless pummeling of the laser. If she could resist magic better then it might not have been so bad. Before she knew it, all of Lilly's remaining life points were gone and she was transported out of the battle zone in charred clothes.

Haley wasn't sure what was happening. All she knew was that she saw her pet run back into the illusionary realm before a huge pink glow engulfed the battlefield. She was sure she could feel something battering against her but she felt no pain. This painless sensation lasted for a good while before it faded and Haley was then struck with a searing pain like she had just jumped into a furnace stark naked. The pain burned through her before it suddenly came to a halt. Once the light cleared, she was still on the battlefield but no one was anywhere to be seen. She was covered in burns and scalds but she could still stand, but only just. She must have taken a beating but she was somehow still conscious. A faint purple aura surrounded her as she stood in the empty battlefield.

Had she won?

Haley suddenly found herself in the garden again but she was not alone.

Kara remained where she was laying down gently upon the grass. She was still unconscious and started to dream about future events she found herself in another room this time each of the three sisters surrounded her. They were all wearing their best and cutest clothes. They slowly walked up to Kara and wrapped their arms around her.

"This is our special night" Lilly whispered in Kara's ear.

"A night a fun but please blow up my skirt" Haley said in excitement.

"Just don't get carried away please" Holly answered.

The sister led Kara to a bed in the middle of the room.

Yet off in the distance a single figure was standing in the shadows of the room. The only thing to be seen were a pair of emerald green eyes which seemed to be watching Kara closely. Suddenly the dream seemed to end just as quick as it began and Kara slowly woke up.

"Did I win?" Haley asked as she staggered towards the girls on the floor. Lilly was looking a little sooty like she had just been down a chimney, Holly looked quite pale and Kara did as well.

Lilly slowly woke up and pushed herself up before falling down again as her bruised body protested to the movements.

"Cooked me good, that did." Lilly joked as she rolled over to be greeted by Haley's bare peach over her head. She let out a startled cry before rolling over again with a huge blush on her face. "Change back, now!" Lilly quickly said to Haley.

Holly started to open her eyes and sit up. She felt like she had had a sleepless night. She felt really tired and drained.

"Must have gone a little overboard." She quietly said to herself as her head started to ache. She saw Haley still in her battle costume. She then let herself fall to the floor again. "We lose."

Opening her eyes she got to her feet slowly. She made her way towards Holly who seemed not to be moving none. She looked at the others it appeared that Haley was still her her battle costume and Lilly was just waking up.

Reaching Holly and gently pulled her into her arms.

"Wakey, wakey sleepy head" Kara joked as she brushed hair from Holly's face. She held her in her arms and rocked her back and forth.

"I know you don't like fighting at all but I really enjoyed today I hope you learned quite a bit" Kara says.

"I learned a lot!" Haley smiled at Kara. "I learned how to get Holly to wet herself easily."

"Not funny." Holly replied as she still lay on the floor looking up at the clear blue sky. "I learned that Haley can't control her own pets." Holly retaliated.

"Easy, you two." Lilly cut in as she sat up. "Haley's got good resistance to magic. She could take that attack when I couldn't. She's got potential to be great at being a back line summoner with some fighting skills. Holly's got peerless senses when it comes to magic. She knew practically all of my moves and was able to counter them. She's also got a great supporting potential as well and she's also got great control of her magic."

"So, I'm good?" Haley asked with a smile on her face as she changed back to her normal outfit.

"And I am, too?" Holly beamed as she sat up fast, causing her head to ache a little more. "Ow, ow ow."

"I'll also thank you for wetting yourself before me Haley" Kara said with a blush. She looked away back towards the others.

She listened to both of what Lilly had to say. "I wonder just how Haley and I would have done if we were a team?" Kara asked. She tried to think about it "Yet Holly here was a very good support mage she helped me out alot in this fight and I tried to return the favour" Kara added.

She again thought for a moment. "Yes, both of you were really good if it's not to much trouble could we do this again? maybe once a week or instead Lilly and I can act like teachers and try and teach you guys?" Kara asked.

She again thought of something and tried to find the words to put it forth.

"Um, girls would it be okay if maybe I spent Wednesday, Thursday and Friday with each of you girls. Meaning on one of these days I spend it with just one of you as a means of getting to know you better?" Kara asked with a small blush on her cheeks.

"I-I didn't." Haley answered with a blush. "It was an illusion to fool you into a false sense of comfort."

"Looked pretty real to me. It didn't look faded." Holly answered with a smile.

"I'm fine with the teacher role but we'll need to pick a pupil. There's two trainees and two veterans." Lilly answered. "We'll need to assess our own personal skills and see which student would fit us better or if we had any areas which one of us was weak at and the other good at so we could compliment their learning.

Kara's question took each girl by surprise.

"Sure!" Haley replied with a smile.

"I guess so, if it isn't too much trouble to you." Holly answered.

"I'm fine with it but I'll need you to make sure the girls are okay when they are with you." Lilly stated. She then took out her phone from her pocket and sent a text to the number which Kara gave her. "If there's any problems, be sure to call me."

"Then why were you blushing?" Kara further blushing herself.

She quickly looked over at Lilly. "As am I but I agree with you. We will need to assess our own skills along with theirs" She replied. While looking over at the twins "I'd like any of you guys to be my trainee but that's up to you both as well as me and Lilly" She answered.

"I promise nothing will happen to either of the girls" Kara replied to Lilly. She looked over at each of the twins. "I want this to be fun so think of places where you'd like to go, also you girls should pick straws again to see who goes first" Kara replied again.

She felt her phone buzz and reached it and looked at the number upon the phone. "I'll make sure to call you in case anything happens" She said.

"Anyway, I could do with the bath now." Lilly suggested. "I feel like I've fell down a chimney after being shot out of a cannon."

"I could do with a bath as well. The fault lying with Haley." Holly said as she shot Haley a cold glare.

"What?" Haley replied. "I wanna bath as well. I'm a little dusty and muddy, as you have seen."

The trio started to head back to the house starting off at a slow pace to allow Kara to catch up.

Kara followed after the girls. "I feel the same way I'm more dirty than I am clean" Kara said. As she quickly caught up to them.

She reached over and took Haley's hand gently into her own then looked at Holly. "May I hold your hand?' Kara asked. She then turned back to Lilly "we still need to talk about that other magic user remember?" Kara asked.

They started walking again back towards the house.

Haley took Kara's hand without hesitation. Holly did so as well when offered.

"We can do that in the bath." Lilly answered.

Now that Kara had caught up, Lilly decided to let her take the lead as she had no idea where she was going in Kara's house.

Kara took Holly's hand and led the trio back into her house. Leading them through a long series of hallways and side passages until finally she came to a set of brown doors.

"It's in here" Kara replied. Letting go of the twins hands she pushed open the doors. Then walked inside.

Kara entered in a large room in the very middle of the room sat what appeared to be a rather large. Bath that seemed to cover up pretty much the whole center of the room. Upon the left and right sides of the room were various raven statues each with a open beak that when used. Could either spray water into the tub or be used as a mini shower you'd just need to be sitting under it. Upon the walls were pictures of different kinds of birds and other types of animals.

"It's not much but I hope you guys like it" Kara said. As she started to get undressed.

"Not much?!" Lilly asked in surprise. "This place's decked out better than my bath."

It's true, the Sera bath was rather plain and boring. It was built more for functionality that style sense but why else would a bath be built any differently. Lilly didn't care if it was plain or gaudy as long as it served it's purpose.

Feeling kind of embarrassed as well as nervous, Lilly moved over to a corner of the room to get undressed. Holly seemed to have the same idea. Haley, on the other hand, just practically threw off her clothes, not caring about the other people in the room and ran stark naked towards the bath.

"Cannonball!" Haley shouted out as she dived into the bath. "The water's great! Hurry up!"

Lilly and Holly were slowly taking their clothes off. Lilly was 'helping' as much as she was allowed with Holly removing her clothes, spending more time and attention on slowly taking off the more private pieces of clothing.

"I wouldn't say that who knows I've yet to see yours" Kara replied.

Seeing all the girl's getting undressed Kara had finished up before them and watched as Haley. Jumped into the bath she followed her in a moment later. Then decided on a trick to play on Haley moving around so that she was behind her Kara slowly. Made her way towards her then rose her arms into the air.

Once close enough and using both hands Kara grabbed Haley's small chest. Then started to grope her tiny breasts "Ah, not much here but given time" Kara laughed.

"So, Lilly just what was this other magic user like? I know she can control water but I did get much of a chance to fight her" Kara says.

Shortly after finishing up, Lilly and Holly entered the bath in the normal manner, unlike Haley.

Haley laughed as Kara placed both her hands on her flat chest.

"I'm going to give payback, you know." Haley said to Kara. "When you least expect it!"

Lilly wished she could do the same to Haley as well but Haley was just too good at predicting what she'll do to even allow her to get close enough to her chest. She considered doing it to Holly but pushed the thought aside.

"She was annoying." Lilly answered bluntly. "She just wouldn't give up no matter what. It was almost as like she wanted me to- "

Lilly stopped herself from going any further.

Kara didn't need to hear that bit.

Kara used her fingers to rub and grope Haley's chest. "Now you won't not as long as I do this" Kara remarked. With both hands leaving Haley's chest she used one to tickle her sides and the other to run between Haley's legs in a playfully manner.

"Wanted you to do what?" Kara asked.

She thought about her own brief fight with Yukina.

"Does this magic user have a name at all?" Kara asked.

"My sides aren't ticklish!" Haley stated as Kara started to tickle at her sides. When she felt her hand on her crotch, Haley then started to laugh. "Right there!" She laughed out.

"N-Nothing important." Lilly answered with a blush. "I think she said her name was Yukina."

Blushing at what Haley said Kara started to tickle her peach. With her fingers she rubbed Haley's lips gently then slipped a finger inside of her. Leaning toward her ear Kara spoke again. 'Let's see if we can turn Lilly on with our little show?" Kara asked.

Moving back she listened to Lilly again.

"Yukina's her name interesting, Was she a hard fighter?" Kara asked.

Haley felt something rising inside her. She knew what it was. She'd soon be pushed to the brink.

"If you keep this up I'll, I'll..." Haley laughed out. The feeling rose some more. She knew she'd not last much longer. Kara's reasoning for doing this was interesting. "I know what will turn her on." Haley replied.

"A dirty fighter." Lilly answered with a pout. "She fought unfairly from start to finish. I mean, she was water element and- "

Lilly stopped herself again.

"And water really makes you need to pee, right?" Holly innocently added on the end to complete Lilly's statement.

Kara kept up rubbing and tickling Haley. "You will need to pee?" Kara asked feeling herself becoming excited. "What could we have her do this to me?" Kara asked in a whisper.

She then listened again to Lilly.

"She seemed to take great pleasure in causing me pain when we fought" Kara said. Blushing at what Holly said next.

"II-I wish I could see that" Kara added.

Haley lost it. She felt the feeling fade and something come out of her tender girlhood.

"I've peed." She said matter of factly. The feeling went down some more and Haley felt the water around her lower body become warmer.

"The other way around." Haley answered. "Do it to her, but secretly. Make it seem normal."

"It got much worse. Lilly actually wet herself mid fight due to the sheer volumes of running water. We had to come and bail her out." Holly answered. She had no idea how Lilly felt about this.

Lilly just remained silent as she listened to Holly pour out her miscalculation. What would Kara think of her now?

She felt the water around her become warm and knew that Haley had just peed. "Thank you sweet heart" Kara said and kissed Haley's neck. She then started to use the faintest of wind magic to caress Lilly's tender girlhood.

"You wet yourself in a fight?" Kara asked as she listened to Holly speak she blushed as she pictured Lilly wetting herself.

"Um, Lilly I actually find that rather cute I would have liked to have seen that" Kara answered.

Haley just giggled a little at Kara's remark.

Lilly felt a slight breeze on her girlhood. She shivered a little at the feel of it.

Lilly blushed bright red and let out a small nod in response to Kara's question. Her blush became worse when Kara said it was cute.

"That's probably the first time she'd wet herself in public." Holly added in, still oblivious to what she was doing. "Lilly's never done it before but she has had a couple of near misses due to her own carelessness."

Kara kept up what she was doing to Lilly yet the wind seemed to blow inside of her as well.

"Again I would have liked to have seen it" Kara replied in shame. As now she did wish she could have seen Lilly wet herself.

"Like what kinds of near misses?" Kara asked wanting to know more. "Did she ever wet herself in school before because I used to quite alot" She added.

This small breeze was now starting to get to Lilly a little. It was now starting to try and enter her, causing the water around Lilly to become cold and make her need to warm herself up with less than appropriate and conventional methods. She started to walk around in the bath to try and kill the feeling rising inside her.

"I suppose that, if I don't tell you, Holly will." Lilly sighed. "Who'd you like to hear it from? Me, Holly or Haley, as she knows as well."

Watching as Lilly got up and start to walk around the bath. Kara used the wind to tease her girlhood again giving it light touches and affection. She even went and teased Lilly's urethra with it as she listened to her words.

"If you tell me, I will tell you something in return" Kara answered.

The small cold patch was relentless. It even started to tease the most vulnerable place of Lilly. She now had to sit down in the bath and cross her legs with her hand pressing against her girlhood under the water to remain in control. She'd be too embarrassed to ask to go now.

"Guess I will then." Lilly started,

"One near miss I had was when I was back in Primary school. I was around the twins' age when this happened. I was the year representative for my year and I had to give a presentation to my year group regarding various things."

The wind kept on teasing Lilly's tender spots they gently pushed aprt her lips and tickled her insides. In a rather playful manner it felt like someone would be tickling Lilly with their fingers. While next again the wind teased her urethra by blowing inside of it.

"A accident of mine was back during the first day of boarding school. I had just been introduced to my classmates when feeling rather shy and nervous at the time. I ended up wetting myself in front of them all because I really needed to pee and was to scared to ask to use the restroom"

Lilly was starting to quietly giggle as the strange cold wind, which had been following her around, had started to tickle her. She felt a small spurt escape and she quickly pushed harder into her girlhood. The wind then started to blow inside her urethra. She couldn't help but wince as she nearly lost control.

"That morning, as Lilly's never a morning person, she got up late and had to be rushed out of the house to get to school on time so she couldn't visit the girl's room before heading off, which lead to her really needing to pee during the presentation." Holly continued for Lilly.

The wind seemed to try and blow Lilly's hand away from her girlhood to have better access. At her peach the wind then started to blow across her chest instead.

"I felt so embarrassed for what I had just done. Little did I know was that a few of the girl's in my class decided to tease me for the remainder of my school days there. I remember once they even made me wet the bed by forcing me to drink tons of water before hand" Kara replied. It seemed Lilly's near miss tale was turning her on.

The wind moved from Lilly's hand to her chest just in time. Any more blowing down there and she was sure to lose it. She was barely holding on now. Pity her chest was a little ticklish as well. She continued her quite giggling while feeling her warm liquid battering against her bladder and causing it to ache and bloat.

"Couldn't you have gone pee before you went to sleep?" Holly asked after she had finished recounting her section of Lilly's tale. "The only think which normally makes me...do that is if my hand is dipped in lukewarm water while I sleep. Haley's done it before." Holly finished in a disgusted tone while she glared at Haley, who just shrugged in response.

"Anyway, Lilly was voted as Year Rep because of all the boys in her year all voting for her. She was an object of many a boy's desire in her primary school days. So, the boys sat at the front so they could look up Lilly's skirt, which is why they voted her in the first place." Haley continued.

"Haley!" Lilly quietly and angrily shot to Haley.

"She really needed to pee and the cold in the hall didn't help much either. She was practically secretly dancing around on the stage while she presented to the school." Haley added on after ignoring Lilly's comment.

The wind tickled her chest then seemed to move back down to her girlhood again and tease her that way.

"I could of but was scared to as I was in a new place and all" Kara replied. As she listened to more of Lilly's tale.

"Wish I could have seen up her skirt" Kara said then blushed huge. She looked away from Lilly in shame.

"You're seeing more of me now than those boys could ever dream of." Lilly told Kara with a blush.

"So what? Fear's only fear if you let yourself fear it." Holly answered. "Fear can be controlled if you combat your fear. You should have just gone pee before you went to bed. Or were you scared of the dark and it was after lights out?"

Lilly lost it. She couldn't hold it any more. She felt a warmness enter the water around her crotch. She let her bladder release all of its contents into the bath. It's got filters and drains, hasn't it? The water was also warm as well so it wouldn't be detected that way. She sat in silence, a huge blush covering her face, as she let it all out. Her bladder felt much better now.

"Because of that, and the added nervousness of presenting, I could barely stay in control. I felt myself leak a couple of times and a really bug spurt left me when I finished presenting. I rushed the end of my presentation and quickly sprinted to the nearest toilets. I even dripped a little trail on the way. I just made it before I couldn't hold it any more." Lilly finished her tale with the huge blush from earlier still covering her face.

"But I'd like to see more and I've sure you would as well since dr" Kara's voice trailed off. As she saw Lilly lose control and wet herself before her. She felt juices shot out of her girlhood as she knew what had happened.

"I was scared of the whole new place, I had just gone through a rather bad time of losing my mom a month before. I was sent to the boarding school as a means of change I guess" Kara replied to Holly. She then turned back to Lilly.

"I still would have liked to see it" Kara replied. When there was a sudden knock on the bath's doors. A voice could be heard from the other side.

"Excuse me Miss Kara, but your father says Mrs Sera has decided to go home and wants her kids to come with her" The voice said.

"Seems our fun time as ended" Kara replied. She got out of the bath and started to dry herself off once done got dressed.

"Pity. I wanted to stay for longer." Lilly sighed.

"I don't wanna go." Haley groaned.

"Well, it appears our little visit has been cut short." Holly concluded.

The trio picked themselves out of the bath and the twins went to get a towel. Lilly just closed her eyes and she was engulfed in flames. Once the flames had gone, her skin was dry, almost like she had never been in a bath at all. She then went back over to the loaned clothes and handed them to Kara.

"We'll put out formal clothes on. I'm sure the twins will bring back three towels." Lilly told Kara. "You can stay in the bath if you want."

The twins returned with three towels and the wrapped them around themselves. They then left the bath and headed to Kara's room, where they put on their slightly damp panties and formal clothes. They then picked up their bags and headed back to the main hallway.

"Remember there's always tomorrow afternoon" Kara answered. As she finished getting dressed. She followed after the trio to her room. She took the borrowed clothes and placed them near her closet door.

"Um, girls I really enjoyed our time together" Kara said she walked over and hugged each of them. When she got to Lilly she hugged her tighter "I know what you truly wish for" Kara whispered in her ear before letting go. She followed the girl's back now the main hallway and soon reached the doors.

Where Marie and Kale were.

"Huh?" Lilly asked. She herself wasn't aware of her true desires either. She wasn't sure what to make of Kara's comment.

"Well, I guess it's time we left." Lilly said. "Thanks for the fun time."

"Next time, you come to our house, okay?" Holly said.

"Goodbye." Haley said with a sad smile. She knew that this would probably be the last time they could see each other out in the open without arousing suspicion.

"We're going." Marie said in her usual cold manner. She pressed the speed-dial for her chauffeur and talked to them on the phone. "Five minutes. Make it quick. I don't want any stops because your tiny bodies are too incompetent to work in an acceptable manner." She stated to the group.

"Yes, Mother." They replied in unison.

"May I request directions to the bathroom." Lilly asked Kara in a slightly forced publicly acceptable manner.

Kara heard all the girls say goodbye to her. She felt sad now that she was going to be alone for the rest of the evening.

"Sure if that's okay?" Kara replied to Holly's question.

She then listened to what Marie said.

She then turned to Lilly. "Down the hallway second door on the left" Kara replied.

"Thank you." Lilly answered with a curtsy. "Now, please excuse me."

"Please excuse me." Holly said with a curtsy.

"Blah blah, you've heard it twice before." Haley said with a rushed curtsy.

The trio headed off in the direction indicated. Lilly went first, she didn't really need to go though as she had already been in the bath. Holly went in second and third was Haley. Once finished, the group headed back to the main hallway and said their final goodbyes to Kara.

"I am deeply appreciative of your gracious hosting. Thank you for allow us to stay. I hope we did not impose in any way." Lilly said to Kale with a curtsy.

The trio then filed out after Holly and Haley had followed Lilly's lead. They then entered the white limousine which pulled up just outside the house.

Kara watched them go she felt alone again. Once the trio headed back into the room Kara gave them each a final hug and kiss on the cheek.

"No you didn't at all it was nice to have you" Kale replied. To Lilly as he then watched them all exit the house. Kale turned around and seemed to grab Kara by the arm and pull her down the hallway. As the door closed behind them.

"Finally I'm glad that bitch and her damn kids left" Kale said as he pulled Kara in his study. He let go of her then looked at her.

"I don't want you seeing those brats anymore Kara I have big plans set into motion. As a means to rid this town of Marie once and for all and I don;t need those kids fucking things up" Kale replied.

Kara took this all in and her heart seemed to shatter. "B-but they are my friends" Kara stammered out.

'I don't care if they even come back to this house I'll have them all killed you go that!" Kale snapped.

Kara was now crying on the spot.

"No, don't do that please" Kara begged.

The drive home was quiet and tense like normal. None of the three dared speak for fear of what their Mother might do if they did. Lilly kept her head down and her eyes on her lap or phone, whichever was there at the time. Holly just quietly looked out of the window and regretted it when she started feeling a little nauseous. Her face went pale. Haley was just busy looked at the interior of the limo and at her sisters.

"I don't feel too good." Holly quietly broke the silence.

"Stupid kid. If you mess up this car I'll have you spend the rest of your free time cleaning it for the next year." Marie answered.

"She's carsick, Mother, she just needs an anti-sickness tablet." Lilly cut in.

"Did I say you could speak?!" Marie demanded from Lilly, who shook her head in response.

Kale just seemed to laugh at his crying daughter.

"Then you know what you must do, As I said I want nothing more to do with them got that" Kale snapped again.

This only caused Kara to cry harder.

"Oh, and if I even find out in secert that you met them in anyway they will die an even quicker death" Kale laughed,

This caused Kara to run out of the room in tears she fled back to her own room. And pulled out her phone she knew what she had to do. And cried louder and she opened her phone and texted Lilly.

Windancer: (Kara's text name) I-I can't see you anymore our friendship is over

Kara pushed the send button and dropped her phone as she let off a god-awful scream. The wind outside her house seemed to respond to this.

Holly let out slight groans of pain every few seconds.

"Help her. She's your daughter." Lilly said to Marie, her voice was slightly laced with anger.

"Why should I?! Tell me that. It was her own stupid fault for looking out of the window in the first place. The stupid brat should have known better!" Marie answered angrily.

Holly's face was becoming more pale.

"I feel dizzy..." She quietly mumbled out.

"Help her! You've got them in your bag!" Lilly was now demanding from her Mother, which was something she knew would get her in serious trouble but she couldn't stand to see her sister suffer.

"Shut it, you little bitch!" Marie snapped at Lilly before she slapped her hard across the face. Lilly didn't flinch.

"Help her." Lilly said again. "Or I will."

Marie just glared at Lilly.

"Fine." Lilly said. "Haze." Lilly cast towards Marie. This spell would cause her to momentarily not know what was happening as her vision would be clouded by a flamy haze.

Lilly got up off her seat and took the anti-sickness tablets from her Mother's bag. She took out two and handed them to Holly.

"Swallow these. They taste of cherries." Lilly smiled to Holly, who did as she was told. "Better?"

"Kind of. I still feel woozy." Holly replied.

"Take a quick nap on my lap, then." Lilly offer as she moved over in her seat. Holly went over to the space next to Lilly and rested her head on Lilly's lap.

Lilly felt a slight vibration from her phone. She looked at it and saw Kara's number pop up. Lilly didn't like what she saw.

'ShiroNeko (Lilly's text name): What do you mean? I don't quite understand.'

Just what could this mean?

Kara heard the vibration of her phone and picked it up. She read Lilly's text message to her.

'Windancer: I mean it's over, I can't see you anymore your nothing back a fucking bitch I hate you and have always hated you. How could I ever be friends with trash like you ugly bitch

Kara hit send on her phone.

Then tossed it against the wall as she cried even louder then before. The wind again outside seemed to change from a gentle breeze to a gale force wind.

The reply: Not great.

"What?!" Lilly quietly gasped as she read the message from Kara. "Just what is she thinking?!"

Somehow, this didn't seem like Kara at all. She could read between the lines of the text, a skill which she had been learning for when she was forced to take over the firm, and saw the real message, or what she thought was the real message.

Her translation:

'I can't be friends with you because of several reasons out of my control.' That's what Lilly garnered from the text. Another translation was what the text truly said. Kara either hated Lilly so much or she was too distraught to type straight. Why text in the first place if you hate the person?

Lilly knew what she'd do.

'ShiroNeko: I understand.'

She also knew what was coming next when the spell faded.

"You little bitch!" Marie shouted at Lilly, who remained calm. "What the fuck do you think you're doing using that witchcraft on me?!"

"Holly was ill so she needed help. You didn't want to do it so I took matters into my own hands. Now, if you would please, keep quiet as Holly's trying to sleep her sickness off. Unless you want a mess in the car, that is." Lilly calmly replied.

Kara heard her phone go off again she didn't even go and pick it up to read it. She got up off the bed but went to her phone anyway, She opened it and saw Lilly's text back.

'Windancer: Please forgive me'

Kara sent back before dropping her phone onto the ground again.

She then left her room. She felt the wind outside responding to her earlier crying she walked to a window and looked outside.

"Lilly" Kara said.

"My head hurts..." Holly quietly mumbled.

"You little messes are more trouble than you're worth!" Marie stated.

"If you didn't want us then why did you conceive us?" Lilly asked. It was a valid question.

"I didn't want to! I had to!" Marie replied. "I'm in my right mind to disown the lot of you now."

Lilly shrugged. She then felt her phone buzz again. It turned out that her earlier assumption was starting to become more solid. Kara really did want to see them but she couldn't, Lilly gathered from the texts. She didn't reply. She just pressed the send button to notify Kara that she had seen the message. No message would be sent but Kara's phone would buzz like one had been.

Haley just sighed and moved over to Lilly's side.

She didn't hear her phone buzz as she was not in the room at the time. Yet as the wind died down Kara closed her eyes she seemed to feel where Lilly and the twins were though far away and faint she used a tiny bit of wind magic to touch their faces.

Yet behind her Kale appeared he felt the magic outside and in the air. Grabbing her he spun Kara around and slapped her hard across the face.

"How dare you" Kale roared in a rage,

"You go behind my back and use magic to reach them" He yelled as he slapped her face again and again. Kara cried out in pain.

"P-Please stop daddy please" Kara begged.

For a split second, the trio felt the familiar feeling of a gentle breeze on there faces. Lilly and Holly could sense Kara's presence behind the magic. Holly seemed to smile for the first time since leaving Kara's house.

"Kara." Holly mumbled through sleep slurred words as she closed her eyes.

"She's hurting." Haley piped up. "I can feel the pain behind the wind."

"What the hell are you talking about?! You'd better not have the same witchery shit as that bitch does!" Marie shouted at the twins. Haley just shrugged and Holly was busy trying to fall asleep.

"Hearthfire." Lilly cast on Holly. "Sweet dreams, little one."

"What the fuck did you do to her?!" Marie asked Lilly.

"It's too noisy to sleep in here so I helped her." Lilly answered. "Like a good sister would."

Kale didn't seem to hear Kara's reply he just kept on slapping her across the face. Until he dropped her to the ground. He looked down at her Kara's face was bloody and swollen her lips had a few cuts in them.

"If you ever go behind my back again you'll get a far worse punishment" Kale said. He walked out of the room leaving Kara to her pain.

She struggled to sit up.

Using magic one last time but this time shielding herself from her dad. She sent a breeze to the girl's this seemed to say "help me' Kara then struggled to her feet.

Walking slowly back to her room then fell upon her bed.

The group had now arrived back at their house. Lilly picked Holly up and carried her out of the car and back into the house. Not one person spoke to another.

Lilly placed Holly down on Lilly's bed. She then got changed out of her formal wear and placed it in the wash basket at the bottom of her bed. She went to her walk-in wardrobe and picked out some more casual clothes. Her golden silk panties were replaced by a plain pair of pink panties with red hearts on. Her silky training bra was substituted with a pink vest and matching socks. Her outfit was complete with a pair of cream short-shorts and a cream coloured t-shirt.

Lilly felt another breeze across her face similar to the one in the car. Except this one was clearly trying to convey a message which Lilly couldn't understand. She knew there must have been a reason for these tiny breezes to be sent by Kara but she hadn't the ability to determine emotions from magic.

Haley suddenly burst into Lilly's wardrobe. She was wearing nothing but a pair of red socks.

"Kara's in trouble!" Haley told Lilly.

Laying upon her bed Kara wasn't moving she hoped that the girl's had gotten her earlier message. But knew that if she was to see them they'd die because surely her father would find out about it. Struggling to get up she sat upright on her bed and reached up with a hand and ran it across her face.

She felt the blood from her lips upon her hand and brought it away in horror. Just looking at it seemed to send her into another crying fit as memories of death and revenge seemed to flood her mind once again.

Kara curled up into a ball and lay there in silence.

"Don't just burst into my wardrobe wearing nothing!" Lilly shouted at Haley. "Kara's in trouble!" Haley repeated. "I can feel it." Lilly wasn't sure what to make of this. She didn't understand what Haley meant. "What? How can your feel something like that?" Lilly asked. "I don't know. When I felt the wind on my face I also felt a sharp pain there as well and I could taste blood." Haley explained. Lilly considered what Haley had said. Could this be true? She took her phone from her shorts pocket and sent a text to Kara. She hoped she'd get it.

'ShiroNeko: Light a candle. Any candle. Put a fireplace on. Just make a flame.' Lilly hoped her plan would work.

Still in a ball Kara heard her phone buzzing again. Slowly she got up off the bed and walked over to it where it still was laying on the ground. Opening it she noticed she got another text from Lilly slowly after reading it. Kara walked out of her room and headed for the kitchen where she looked around in some drawers and found a things of matchs and a spare candle.

Walking back to her room Kara did as the message said and let the candle with the match. A tiny flame seemed to come to life and she set this upon the floor.

"Can you produce minor misdirection's?" Lilly asked Haley.

"That's easy." She replied. "Why do you want one?"

"Just so we can't be scryed upon or intercepted." Lilly answered.

Lilly closed her eyes and focused on all the flames in the area. She could feel a couple of candles in a fancy restaurant, a few bin fires made by the homeless in an alleyway. A large campfire to ward off animals in the forest and finally...

...a candle in Kara's house.

"Cloak me." Lilly said to Haley.

"Sure." Haley replied as she let her ears and tail come into existence. She then focused on making it seem like Lilly's presence was erased.

Lilly homed in on the flame and her mind focused on Kara's room.

"Kara?" Lilly said through the flame. "What's wrong? What's happening?"

Kara looked at the candle burning in her room and soon heard a familiar voice. Speaking to her she said nothing for a few moments. Closing her eyes she didn't know what to say "I-I need help" Kara said at first. Still busy looking into the flame on the candle again there was silence in the room.

"My father says I can't see you anymore, he says if I do or use any sort of magic he'll kill you" Kara sobbed at the thought. "I didn't mean what I sent in the text but I have no choice in the matter" Kara added.

She thought about what to say next. "Yet he found out and beat me" Was what she said next.

"How can he face off against an empowered one?" Lilly asked. "No mere human can. I kind of knew there was a reason behind the text being like that."

Kara's next statement caused Lilly to shiver a little.

"What?! Really? He sounds just as bad as Mother."

"He's like us he's an empowered one yet he's far more powerful than me" Kara told her. "He's the one who taught me my powers" Kara added.

She said nothing else for a few moments.

"Yes, it's true I don't know what to do I've scared" Kara confessed. As she curled up into a ball on her bed again.

"WHAT?!" Lilly asked in shock. "He's empowered? He must be really powerful if none of us could sense his magic. He must have full control over it to allow that. Do you know his battle expertise?"

"Exercise caution. Don't try to contact us by means in which he can track. We've got the power to cloak but it wouldn't last long against a person with strong magic. Do you have an aviary with homing pigeons? We could use that as a method of communication. Can you write Ciphers?" Lilly asked.

Kara nearly jumped out of bed when she heard Lilly's reply. "Yes, he's mastered most of the wind based magic expertise, Yet he favors all sorts of battle areas of wind magic" Kara responded. She then heard what else Lilly had to say.

"I'm cloaking myself right now but he may notice me soon. I believe I do but I never used them much I also believe I can write Ciphers" Kara added, She got up off the bed then started to walk around her room.

"H-How are Holly and Haley?" Kara asked.

"A strong opponent." Lilly said as she thought about what kind of magic he may use. "And no novice to the battlefield."

"Homing pigeons will be able to carry coded ciphers unnoticed. The ciphers are there to prevent people who aren't familiar with them from reading our messages." Lilly replied.

"Holly got a little carsick on the way home so she's sleeping it off right now. Haley's cloaking me while we speak," She then considered if she should include this piece of information. "despite the fact that she's wearing nothing but socks."

Kara listened to as Lilly explained a means of how they can talk. "I just hope this works I don't want to see any harm come to you" Kara replied.

She heard next what Lilly said.

"Give them a hug for me and tell them I miss them" Kara said. She blushed at Lilly's last comment. "I bet Haley looks cute as always" She added.

"I will do when Holly wakes up. Haley's going to get one anyway for helping me with this." Lilly replied.

"I hope we can talk again under less pressing circumstances. Any news on whether you can attend school or not?" Lilly answered. She then waited for Kara's answer.

"In order to prevent any interruptions or tracking, we're going to need to end this here. The ciphers I'll be using would be the word substitution ciphers mixed with code word ciphers. I'll send one as soon as I can. Take care." Lilly finished before ending to connection. The candle was burning low and Haley was starting to get tired from the cloaking magic.

Lilly turned to Haley and gave her a big hug.

"Thank you. Kara misses you and this hug is from her as well." Lilly said to Haley.

"I miss her, too. I wanna have more fun with her." Haley replied.

"I can still attend school, um, did you get anything in the mail like I did about the new changes?" Kara asked.

She then felt sad when Lilly said they would have to end their chatting. "W-wait" Kara cried out but it was to late Lilly had cut off the connection and Kara's own candle had burned out. She again felt alone. Her own cloaking magic seemed to leave her body.

Now she didn't know what to do it was now fairly late in the day. She wasn't feeling hungry at all and truly didn't want to see her Father again anytime soon.

"I'm lonely" Kara said.

After the hug, Lilly remembered Haley's lack of clothes.

"Put some clothes on, please. And pick some out for Holly when she wakes up as well."Lilly told Haley with a blush.

"But I like being like this." Haley answered before she headed out of the wardrobe and to her own.

Lilly left her wardrobe and went back to her room. Sure enough, as Kara had stated, there was a letter on her bed with her school's logo on. She had a rough idea what it would be about. She gave it a quick skim read and got familiar with the changes. She'd have to attend magic classes as well and she's also got advanced accounting classes at her Mother's orders. She wasn't too keen on the uniform, though she thought it was a little childish and revealing but she knew she could do nothing about it.

Lilly looked at the cat clock by her bed and saw that it was getting quite late and dinner would be soon. She decided to let Holly sleep a little longer and then wake her up before dinner.

She just wanted this day to end walking over she spotted the girl's clothes from earlier. Then placed them into the clothes hamper and walked into the closet. She changed out of her clothes and into a pure black night dress with matching black silk panties. Walking back into her room again she pulled back the covers of her bed.

"I hope everything goes okay tomorrow" Kara thought.

She turned off her lights to her room.

Twenty minutes later, Lilly was called down to dinner by a maid. She went to the twins' room and woke up Holly, who seemed to be feeling much better now. She gave Holly the hug from Kara and told Haley to come downstairs for dinner. The trio went downstairs and into the dining room where dinner was set.

Dinner went along in silence as each participant picked at and ate their food. Once dinner was over, Marie spoke up.

"Did you brats enjoy your time with her?" Marie asked the group.

"Yes, Mother." The trio answered.

"Well, too bad for you that she's getting sunk along with her old man. You little messes don't deserve to have a good time" Marie laughed.

"What?" Lilly asked.

"The bitch's sinking with her bastard Father. I've got all I need to wreck them."

"What are you saying?!"

Haley just looked down at the table. She'd known this for a long time.

"Brats like you wouldn't understand the adult world. It's full of backstabbing shitheads who don't care about one another. Survival of the fittest. You lot'll die first in the real world."

Lilly couldn't take any more. She was seething with rage. Kara was having a bad time because of her father and now this? Just what was going on?

"I'm going to my room." Lilly announced as she stood up and headed into her room. The twins followed after her.

Back in her room. Lilly lay on her bed with a raging fire of anger burning away at her. The twins slowly entered and sat at the bottom of the bed.

"Lilly. I've got something to tell you." Haley said. "It's about Kara's family and ours. The Ravenclaws and Seras have been at odds with each other for a very long time. It's got something to do with rivaling powers of control, I think. Anyway, the Seras and Ravenclaws have been trying to off each other for as long as this little disagreement has been going on. Kara herself probably knows this as well." Haley explained.

"So? What's that got to do with anything?"

"Well, as long as our family's are fighting then we can't be friends in public. It's all complicated stuff which I don't understand."

"I'm going to bed..." Lilly finished. She then stood up and went into her wardrobe to change into her nightclothes. Once finished, she left the closet and climbed into bed. She then set her alarm ready for school tomorrow. "Goodnight." Lilly said before she switched the lights out. Haley didn't listen and neither did Holly. They left the room and went into their own wardrobe and got into their nightclothes. They then went back to Lilly's room and shuffled into bed on either side of her.

"I don't wanna sleep alone tonight." Holly said.

"Neither do I." Haley agreed.

"I'd rather not be alone, either." Lilly said as she hugged her half-sisters. "If Mother won't love us, then who will?"

Kara remained awake for quite sometime she just stared up at the ceciling, She thought about what had taken place earlier that day with Lilly and the twins. She then thought about the recent events with her Father. Kara didn't really know what to do right this moment she felt scared and alone. Just like around the time when her Mother had died.

"What, can I do if I spend time with them Father will surely find out yet if I don't I'm alone" Kara thought.

She tried to picture the girls in her room with her all sharing the same bed. But her thoughts were troubled. She decided to one last time try and sent them something. Before falling a sleep Kara felt their small bodies in the wind she sent a gentle touch upon each of theirs heads.

This seemed to say 'I'm really lonely and miss you' The breeze soon died away as she fell asleep.

After and hour of lying in bed and feeling the warmth of each other's bodies, the group finally fell into a dreamless sleep.

While asleep, they felt a slight breeze on their faces. They twitched a little in the breeze.

Silent tears started to fall down their faces as they felt the loneliness in the breeze. They had no knowledge they were crying.

The sounds of the night seemed to echo the mood of the girls. No owls hooted. No nocturnal birds chirped. No noises could be heard, save for the gentle breaths of the sleeping trio.

Holly and Haley lay with one arm around Lilly. Lilly returned the hugs with her own beneath their small bodies.

"Don't leave me..." Haley muttered through her sleep.

While asleep Kara dreamed yet this dream seemed to be one of fear and bloodshed. Kara found herself standing in a familiar location. She again stood within the town square surrounded by three familiar bodies. They weren't the bodies from before these were the bodies of Lilly, Haley and Holly. Each girl's body was riddled with bullets holes along with various cuts across their bodies due to wind magic.

Pools of blood lay splattered about on the ground as Kara dropped to her knees. She cried out for each of them.

"Lilly, Haley, Holly" Kara screamed.

A light rain started to rain a rain that was pure blood fell upon Kara as she ran to the nearest. Body which happened to be Lilly's as she heard the dead body in her arms she cried tears of sadness.

"Come back to me angel. please come back don't leave me alone please!" Kara yelled.

She was tossing and turning in her bed while crying in her sleep.

The night went on and dawn came. Light trickled in from the half opened curtains on the window.

A ray of light landed on Lilly's phone and it reflected it onto the wall above the bed. The pre-set alarm went off and Lilly's hand reached over to switch the alarm off. It was around half seven in the morning.

School days were hard enough to wake up on and the events of the previous day made it worse. Lilly just lay in her bed and hugged the twins. She'd wait until a maid came in to wake her up. She had no intention of spending any more time than needed out of her room.

