A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*004*2014-05-27 04:21

I know its been quite sometime since I last posted in this topic but here's chapter 2.

Chapter 2: Healing and New Arrivals

Once Kara awoke yet again she was laying in a white room upon a bed in the corner.

Her body ached all over and tubes were entered into various parts of her body. All she could do was just lay there, feeling the excruciating pain wracking her entire body. She slowly moved her head and looked out the window in the distance she saw her family’s large building rising into the sky. Ravenclaw Tower was one of the tallest buildings in the city, and the house of Kara's father.

"How long before word reaches them?" Kara thought.

As she lay there in the bed, she heard the door to her room open.

###

When Lilly finally decided it was about time to stop acting like she was still unconscious, she opened her eyes and winced as the bright light entered them and caused Lilly's head to ache more. She still had the different medical apparatus on her.

She was in a single room and all that was in it was the bed she was laying in, a large TV, a night stand with a lamp on it, and a shelf full of various books.

She gathered that her family had found out about her predicament and blamed it on the fire, which

Lilly herself started. Eventually, she concluded that she was in a private room booked by her mother.

I’m certainly going to get an earful when Mother visits, if she ever does, Lilly thought.

She was reminded of her need by a spasm in her bladder. She sat up, wincing from the pain which filled her body as she did so, and looked for the pager button. She knew she shouldn't be moving, but she didn't care.

She found the button and pressed it. She then fell back onto the bed, waiting for a nurse to come and answer the call.

"I guess I'll be stuck here for a while..." she thought.

###

Kara heard the door open and in walked two men wearing black suits and ties.

Kara dreaded where this was headed, for she knew these people worked for her father.

"Your father wishes to know if you made contact with the fire user," one of them said.

Kara laughed at this and replied, “I'm surprised at how stupid you are,” to the two men standing before her.

Then she yelled, “Of course I made contact with them; look at me!”

"He wants to know the outcome. Did you win?" the other man in black asked.

Kara said nothing as she thought back to the fight. The very recollection of it filled her body with anger now.

"it was a stalemate!" Kara screamed, feeling the pain and humiliation of that outcome once more.

###

(Meanwhile, across The City)

On the other side of town, standing atop a small chapel, she looked out across the rooftops as the sun was beginning to set in the distance. Black locks cascaded to her lower back. While her bangs drop to her shoulders. Her eyes were cold and black, yet they emitted an eerie yellow glow. Her eyelashes are neatly curled, her delicate highly arched eyebrows fit her perfectly, and a small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips completes her lovely face. In her ears, she wears a pair of violet earrings in the shape of a single crystai.

Her basic attire consists of black clothes that cover her entire body; her black pants are simple in appearance, yet the material has magic from the elements crafted into it. Her black long sleeved shirt is made of the same material. On her wrists she wears two red ruby colored gauntlets that hold two crystals upon them and on her feet, a pair of white boots also adorned with two jewels on each side.

"Seems things are about to get interesting; already there are two magicians in this city like myself" she said to herself in a quiet voice. She then stood at full height and raised her head to the sky.

"Very soon we shall all meet, and then the fun shall begin," she said with a laugh before jumping down from the chapel’s roof and into the river below. When she landed in it, instead of making a splash, she seemed to become one with it, for that was her power; her element was water and controlling it was second nature to her.

While waiting, Lilly assessed her surroundings more. She took off the oxygen mask, she didn't need it, and she tried to sit up again. Pain lanced through her body, she let out a small whimper but managed to remain upright.

Inside the room, to the right of Lilly's bed, a small door could be seen in a raised section of the wall. It didn't lead out to the corridor, that door was a little way more to its right. She concluded it must be either a storage cupboard or an en suite bathroom. The thought of it being a bathroom caused Lilly's bladder to send out another signal, causing Lilly to fidget a little for a second or two. To the left of her bed rested a small wooden chair, on the chair lay Lilly's school outfit, minus her blouse, and her bag was hanging off the backrest.

"Good to know my bag's safe." Lilly thought.

She then wondered why her blouse was the only thing missing from the rest of her kit, she looked down at her person and saw that it was still on her.

"Why didn't they take this off?"

She then lifted up her bed covers a little, wincing as pain shot through her body again and saw that her blouse was the on;y thing on her at that moment in time. She blushed instantly as she realized that it was the only thing preventing her from being completely naked, she quickly dropped the covers over her again and waited for the nurse to come, fidgeting occasionally.

"What's taking them so long?!"

Both men in black listened to what Kara had to say to them taking it all in. "A stalemate not good" one of them had said as he whispered something into the others ear. Who only nodded before speaking to Kara. "We shall tell you father what has happened" he spoke they soon both left the room leaving. Kara alone once again ever since having awoke here she couldn't get her mind off of Lily.

"I must find that girl" Kara thought.

But she wasn't in any sort of shape to even move let alone try a fresh search and since. The school had been somewhat destroyed by their attack things were going to be bad for a while.

The girl in black after having pass through the water appeared in a small black room. A single bed was all that was there in took up the middle of the room as she sat upon it. She thought about what was about to start "the orders are simple I'm suppost to keep track of both of them and to test them out" she thought after. Reading a small scroll that had been laying upon the bed before she laughed aloud at this.

"Though which one to go after first?" she thought.

Time ticked on as Lilly waited for a Nurse to answer her call. She tried to take her mind off her growing need by assessing the damage on her body. She had loads of cuts, grazes and bruises. The wound which she took on her leg still hurt like hell, but she knew that it couldn't be infected, she had cauterized it as soon as the blade was removed, after all. She knew that the doctors would have to do a full examination of it anyway when they looked her over again. Her clothes on the chair remained unscathed, this probably attracted the attention of the doctors because she herself was probably found all battered in those clothes when her magic wore off.

She squirmed around a little more. She then heard a knock at the door. She called for the person to enter and, finally, the nurse she called had arrived.

"Took your time, didn't you?" Lilly angrily stated as she folded her arms over her chest. Bad idea, this caused Lilly to feel a lot of pain, she could barely stifle a cry. It felt like she had just put her arms into a furnace at full heat.

"My apologies, young Miss. There was some... conversation over who will come to answer in the nurse's lounge." The nurse answered. Truth be told, there was a debate. No one wanted to answer, they called Lilly a spoilt, demanding brat that deserves nothing but a good punishment. This poor nurse lost at drawing straws so she was stuck answering the call. She now knew what they meant.

Kara still remained in her bed while looking at the window at he families distant building. Her father would hear of this once the two goons toward him what had happened. He would be greatly disappointed in Kara he excepted many great things out of her. A heir to the Ravenclaw name Kara needed to take down those who stood in her way mainly that was the Sera family.

"I need to get out of here soon" Kara told herself.

But still that wasn't going to be happening she just looked out the window still.

The girl in her room was trying to think of the best way to go about. Trying to find out where to try and search within the city for one of the two mages whom were just like her.

"Where to begin, where to begin?" Yukina thought.

She was tapping her foot upon the floor trying to think of an idea when one formed into her head after a few minutes.

"Ah, a large area where many people gather that will work" Yukina laughed.

Lilly looked at the outfit the nurse was wearing, realization dawned on her. She must have been in one of the hospitals her family funded. She recognized the uniform.

"So, young Miss, what is it you wished assistance for?" The Nurse asked, wearing a practiced smile.

"I request a means for me to...relieve myself in." Lilly answered, looking down a little in embarrassment as she squirmed a little more.

The Nurse said nothing and walked into the room, she stopped by Lilly's bed, crouched down by the side of it, put an arm under and pulled out a bed pan, which she then placed on the bed.

Lilly looked at it and her blush intensified. "M-maybe you didn't hear me right. I requested a trip to the lavatory, the girl's room, the porcelain throne, the toilet, whichever word you understand. This isn't what I wanted." She replied.

"I'm sorry, young Miss, but the doctors say you shouldn't be walking around until after they examine you later." The Nurse answered coldly.

Lilly just glared at the bed pan. She then resumed her previous pose and defiantly said. "I don't care what the doctors say, I'm not using that. I'll get up and walk to the toilet myself, then." She then proceeded to turn around, cringing at the pain which shot through her, and begin to climb out of bed.

"Young Miss-" The Nurse said, worried.

As soon as Lilly's feet touched the floor and she stood up at her full height, the room swirled around her and an intense pain shot through her head, she staggered a little and fell forward. She was caught by the Nurse.

"I told you you shouldn't be moving around!" The Nurse exclaimed.

Sensing an inevitable accident if she didn't sort this out, fast, Lilly gave in and thought up some way to not have to use that thing on her bed.

"Carry me, please..." She quietly requested.

The Nurse sighed and picked up Lilly in a princess carry and started to walk towards the en suite bathroom.

"Just what have I got myself in to?" The Nurse thought. She then looked down at the helpless Lilly in her arms, she was surprisingly light and easy to carry around. "Still, even if she is a brat, she looks kind of cute like this. Just like a normal girl." The Nurse concluded as she smiled a natural smile at Lilly.

Kara still lay in bed looking out the window the setting sun filling the sky. With light blues and purple colors as faint traces of darkness were beginning to appear since night was falling. As she looked out the window her thoughts seemed to travel back to earlier in the day. Before she had her fight with Lily to the girl who she had seen in her first class at school. She wasn't sure why her thoughts drifted back to her for some reason.

"I wonder what she's really like could I have really become her friend?" Kara thought.

She remembered Lily's snow white hair and cute outfit she had worn earlier that day. Even to the pair of panties she had seen her wearing in the school yard that morning. A small blush began to form on her cheeks.

"She is cute, but acts like a total bitch" Kara thought again.

She pressed her back against her pillow and closed her eyes.

"Could things have been different?" she thought.

Yukina had left her room and returned to the city she had appeared out of the river. And was now standing at the junction of four roads she hovered in the air over. The passing people and cars below for she was unseen and only those people like her could see her right now.

"A change in the weather first" Yukina had said.

Her eyes glowed a faint blue color as an on rush of clouds began to gather over the city. They started to gather over the area where she was hovering a low rumble of thunder could faintly be heard followed by a flash of lightning and then another.

"Perfect just Perfect" Yukina laughed.

As heavy rain started to fall upon the city below her more sounds of thunder and flashes of lightning. Could be seen all during this Yukina laughed and laughed.

The Nurse carried Lilly into the en suite toilet and placed Lilly on top of it, she then walked out of the toilet, shut the door and waited outside for Lilly to finish.

"The sink's just by the toilet, you won't have to move a lot. Call me when you're done." She said as she left Lilly to attend to her needs.

"Now I know why they left me in only my blouse, I can barely move. I wouldn't have been able even to pull my panties down without feeling a lot of pain." Lilly thought as she was sitting on the toilet, letting out the pent up fluids inside her bladder. "Still, I guess it's pointless acting like that here, I'm in no condition or place to argue with anyone, I can't even go to the bathroom by myself. I guess, in some situations, kindness and obedience have to be shown." Her thoughts ran back to her time in school this morning, and the girl she had just met. "I guess I was kind of harsh on her, but she was on me as well! Maybe that was because of how I acted? First impressions, my Father always used to say, mean a lot in public situations. Maybe if I was kinder...who knows?" Lilly finished up and wiped herself down, she then flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

"I'm finished." She called back to the Nurse, who was still outside. The Nurse came in and picked Lilly up and carried her back to her bed. She then tucked Lilly in.

"Your check up is in about an hour. Are you hungry?" The Nurse asked.

"Yes. And thirsty." Lilly replied quietly. "Also, I have a question, was a small White Tiger Plushie left for me?"

"Yes," the Nurse answered. "It's in your bag, shall I get it for you?"

Lilly nodded. The Nurse went over to Lilly's bag and picked out a worn White Tiger toy. The White Tiger toy was the last toy Lilly was ever brought, she can't sleep at night without it. The Nurse gave the toy to Lilly.

"Thanks..." Lilly said, her voice nothing more than a whisper. She hugged the toy closely.

"Anything in particular you want, young Miss?" The Nurse questioned in regards to Lilly's request for food and drink.

"Tomato and Basil pasta, with cheese. For a drink I'd like Cola, please, if I'm allowed it." Lilly requested.

"It'll be here in about 15 minutes." The Nurse answered as she left.

Lilly ate the food, talking a little to her Nurse about things regarding her current condition. After dinner, Lilly was sent for her check up, the doctors noticed a small improvement in her condition but they still advised that she didn't do anything too strenuous for the next 24 hours. They said that, if all goes well, Lilly will be discharged the latest of lunch time of the next day. They asked Lilly about her leg wound, Lilly lied a little and said that it was an old wound which was just aggravated a little by the school's random combustion, which she herself caused. The doctors brought the lie, for now, and said that they'll check her medical records over once more.

She politely, if a little nervously, asked that they left it alone as it wasn't causing her much trouble, it just looked worse than it was. She was then sent back to her room to spend the night there. It was coming up to early evening and Lilly was a little tentative at spending the night in the hospital, she didn't want to be left alone. She asked her Nurse if she would be willing to stay with Lilly until she fell asleep. The Nurse agreed, she now thought that, behind the rough exterior Lilly put on, Lilly was just like any other twelve year old girl, she was scared of spending the night away from home in an unfamiliar setting.

Lilly was hugging her White Tiger toy closely as dark clouds started to move across the sky outside her window.

"D-do you think it'll storm?" She asked, shaking a little from fear at the dark clouds.

"I hope not." The Nurse answered.

The dark clouds moved further across the sky, a low rumble could be heard in the distance. Lilly jumped and started to cry a little.

"W-what was that?" She asked, tears starting to mist up her eyes and causing her voice to crack.

A louder, more audible rumble of thunder could be heard and a streak of lighting shot across the sky outside Lilly's window. Lilly screamed and dived towards the Nurse, who was sitting by her bed. Lilly was now crying quite a lot.

"P-please don't leave me!" Lilly cried at the Nurse. "I hate thunder and lightning! It's too scary! Please!" Lilly was practically begging through her tears now. The Nurse just held Lilly in a hug and stroked her hair.

"I'll stay. Don't worry." She comforted Lilly.

Kara was still looking out the window when she began to notice the darkening sky as several clouds began to form in the middle of the city. She heard the faint sound of thunder then a small flash of lightning. Not paying much attention to it Kara just thought about Lily some more.

"Could we ever be friends even after all that happened this morning between us?" Kara asked herself.

Still looking out the window she took notice that it lightly started to rain. Again she played this no mind as she heard a knock on her door turning to the door. She saw it open and in walk her doctor who was holding a small clipboard in his hands. He pulled up a chair and sat down near her bed.

"How you feeling?" He asked.

"How, do you think I'm feeling!" Kara snapped.

"I take that as bad, well you do have a broken rib, and a few burns but otherwise are fine" He told her.

Kara said nothing as the doctor then asked her how she came to be here in the first place. Kara said nothing but then stated that she was caught in an explosion at school when a small gas main blew in her classroom. The doctor for now seemed to by it and left the room leaving Kara alone she looked back out the window. Noticing that the rain was coming down in heavy sheets plus there seemed to be more thunder and lightning than normal.

"Just what brought this on, I thought it was suppose to be a clear evening?" Kara thought.

As watching the rain strike the window Kara for a few seconds felt the faint trace of magic in the air.

"This, doesn't feel like the one from before who could it be?" Kara asked herself while watching the rain fall.

The rain continued to fall upon the city below her as she finally stopped laughing. She brought up both hands and started moving them in a complex pattern. "This should draw them out" Yukina thought.

As more thunder was heard and more flashes of lightning were seen the rain. That was falling began to form into a funnel of water soon a second one formed. They began to spin around Yukina. While still moving her hands around she pointed them forwards towards the distance.

"Show yourself!" Yukina screamed.

Both funnels of water shot forward into the distance before slamming into a buildings surface. Crashing into it destroying windows and other items within. People began to scream and run for cover as the building began to flood.

Thunder boomed around the small space and lightning illuminated it. Lilly still remained crying in the Nurse's arms.

"Please stop, please stop, please..." Lilly mumbled through waves of tears.

The Nurse, looking at Lilly now, felt sorry for how terrified she was. She wanted to find some way of getting Lilly's mind off the weather outside. She thought for a little while, while stroking Lilly's hair and hugging her close, and came up with an idea. She started to stand up and Lilly cried louder.

"Don't go! Please, don't leave me!" Lilly sobbed at the Nurse.

"I'm not going anywhere. Do you have any form of music player?" She asked Lilly.

Lilly nodded and curled up into a ball. Another rumble of thunder and a flash of lighting shot through the sky. Lilly screamed and dived under her covers and placed her pillow over her ears.

The Nurse looked through Lilly's bag and found her phone. She searched a little more and picked up Lilly's headphones. She carried them over to Lilly and placed them by Lilly's pillow.

"I'm not meant to let you do this, but this is an extreme circumstance. Turn your phone on and put your headphones in, pick your favourite music and play it loud enough to drown out the sound of the thunder." The Nurse told Lilly. "After that, close your eyes tightly and focus on the music playing. That hopefully should help a little. Don't worry, I'll be here with you."

Lilly apprehensively came out from under her covers and removed the pillow. She followed the Nurse's instructions.She then went back under her covers and held out a hand to the Nurse.

"Hold my hand, please." Lilly asked, crying lightly.

The Nurse held Lilly's hand and Lilly then lay on the bed with her eyes closed, looking away from the storm raging outside her window.

Kara again felt the faint trace of magic but this time it felt stronger she just looked out the window. Watching the rain strike the glass as it fell she turned her gaze away from it. Then first tried to move her body a fresh wave of pain shot through her. Again she tried to move her body as more pain filled her. She finally had gotten up sitting upright in the bed and as she placed both feet upon the floor. To stand up she nearly fell down as her broken rib sent blinding pain through her body.

"I-I need to know who this is" Kara said through the pain.

Calling upon her own magic Kara's clothes changed once again into the outfit she was wearing during her fight with Lily. The feeling of magic going through her body helped banish the pain but it wouldn't last. Kara needed to do this quickly for she didn't have much time left. Walking over the the window she opened it and was blasted in the face by a wave of fresh rain and wind.

Moving slowly Kara climbed up and then jumped out the window. As she was falling towards the ground a gentle current of wind caught her lifting her up into the sky. She then sped off towards where the new magic was coming from. Not knowing that Lily if she was could have seen her leaving the hospital from her window.

Yukina watched the results of her attack upon the building people were being washed away. This only caused her to laugh again as she heard a faint groaning coming from the building.

"Seems it's had enough" Yukina thought.

She was about to finish the building off when she felt it something fast was coming towards her.

"Yes, yes finally one shows themselves" Yukina laughed with glee.

She turned towards it's direction and flew towards it with each beat of her wings. The rain kept falling as the thunder seemed to grow louder. Off in the distance Yukina spotted Kara she stopped in her tracks once Kara got closer to her.

Kara's clothes and hair were wet her skirt was blowing rapidly in the wind. She soon reached where the magic was and saw a girl floating in the sky.

'That must be her?" Kara thought as she changed direction towards her.

Lilly lay in bed, listening to the music which filled her ears and purged the thunderstorm from her mind. She was finally able to relax as she hugged her White Tiger Toy and held on to the hand of the kind Nurse who has looked after her so much today, listened and carried out her selfish demands and hasn't once left her side without informing Lilly first.

"Maybe kindness is the way forward. What good is a public based business if your clients hate you? As soon as I get a chance, I'm going to tell her I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been so selfish and conceited, I should have given her a chance." Lilly thought as she stopped crying and stated to relax a little more. Her body ached and she felt tired, she focused less on the music now and more on her own breathing. She still hugged her Tiger Toy close to her and she slowly started to give in to exhaustion.

Lilly drifted off into a peaceful sleep.

The Nurse noticed Lilly had fallen asleep and let go of her hand. She got out a stack of post-it notes and a pen a left a note for Lilly, telling her that she fell asleep and that the Nurse will be back in the morning. The Nurse got up from beside Lilly and made her way out of the room. When she got to the door, she switched off the light and left the room, closing the door quietly behind her.

"She is just like a normal girl. I'm happy I actually drew the short straw now, she's so cute when she's sleeping. I think I'm going to miss her when she gets discharged." The Nurse thought on her way back to the Nurse's Lounge.

Kara herself soon stopped right as she pulled up to Yukina. She hovered in the air on the currents of wind the pain inside her was slowly growing in volume Kara. Pushed aside the pain as she fixed her eyes upon the girl before her.

"So, I take it your the one I felt from earlier" Kara pointed out.

Yukina heard Kara speak to her a look of excitement and joy were upon her face.

"Oh, finally you show yourself where's the other one?" Yukina asked. Ignoring Kara's own question directed at her.

Kara said nothing in return her vision was starting to get blurry as she was beginning to feel the effects. Of the magic leaving her body gritting her teeth against the pain Kara. Waited for what Yukina may do and was surprised on what she did.

"You seem weaker, much weaker this isn't even worth my time" Yukina pouted.

She started to move both hands around the rain water started to flow around her her body "Crystal Billow" Yukina called out the water. Around her then started to turn into shimmering crystalline structures that shoots against toward Kara.

Seeing these tiny crystals flying towards her Kara used the currents to try and dodge them. She had managed to dodge a few but felt the other strike her body. Causing her to cry out in pain as the kept striking her body.

"Cry for me, cry for me" Yukina's voice sang.

She rose her right hand into the sky soon lightning shot down towards her.

"Lightning Blast" Yukina called out. When cast, a purple aura would surround Yukina as bolts of lightning would shoot out from the her body. That had been flashing across the sky each bolt of lightning struck Kara's body sending waves of pain through out. She cried out again in pain feeling the electrify flow through her body.

Then with a wave of her hand Kara was suddenly shot backwards with such force. From the last lightning bolt that she was sent flying through the air. Back towards the hospital where she was heading was right towards Lily's room. Kara had tried to fight against it to at least change her direction but she didn't have the power.

She felt herself crash through a window and slam head on into a wall. Coughing up blood as she did so she looked up at the rain and reached out towards it. Before darkness engulfed her causing her to pass out from the pain.

Lilly was sleeping away peacefully when she thought she felt something fly over her bed and crash into the wall by the door. She slowly opened her eyes and, through the haze of sleep, she thought she saw a figure by the door. She mumbled something along the lines of "Good Night" and then she fell back to sleep. For a short while, her body had yet to wake up.

About a few seconds later, Lilly woke up again and felt a little pressure in her abdomen. She climbed out of bed, cringing a little at the pain which coursed through her and mumbled something to the figure.

"I...going...to..the...let." She mumbled as she headed towards the en suite bathroom with the music still playing and her phone in her blouse pocket.

Yukina laughed as she saw the results of her attack upon Kara. She flew in the direction of which Kara flew and saw that she had crashed into a room floating down. Yukina watched as Kara's outfit changed and she was back to wearing the clothes she had on before. She lay there in a small pool of her own blood as Yukina just laughed.

"Such, a waste I better go report this" Yukina had said.

She flew away from the scene leaving Kara alone who wasn't moving. However some of the hospital staff suddenly burst into Lily's room.

A doctor and a few nurses rushed inside.

'We better get her taken care of quick" the doctor said.

Lilly entered the toilet and shut the door behind her. She sat on the toilet and emptied her bladder. Once she had finished, she wiped herself down, flushed the toilet and washed her hands. She was still groggy from sleep so she decided to head right back to bed. As the music was still playing, she didn't hear the noise coming from her room.

She walked outside the bathroom and rubbed her eyes sleepily. She walked past all the action going on with the random entrance of a girl, through the window, into her room and the doctors rushing to take her out and tend to her wounds.

" 's noisy." She mumbled through a yawn. She then climbed back into bed and fell right back to sleep.

The doctors and nurses and quickly rushed Kara out of Lily's room slamming the door. Behind them and they did so they quickly wheeled Kara down towards the medical lab to help take care of her injuries.

"She's lost alot of blood multiple wounds and cuts cover her body we need to get her taken care of quick" one of the nurses said.

As the pushed open a double set of doors and wheeled Kara into a room. They rolled her over to a bed and quickly moved her off the one she was being pushed on and placed her on the new one.

Lilly just slept through all the commotion, not waking until the sunlight slipped through the curtains into her room.

She awoke with a yawn and took out her headphones. She then looked at her phone, which currently stated 12% battery left, and switched it off.

"I'll charge it later." She said to herself. She then climbed out of bed and carried out her morning routine, she didn't feel as much pain any more, that was a good sign, but she did still limp a little on her right leg. She got back into bed and pressed the pager and waited for the Nurse to come along and take her request for breakfast.

"I'm in the mood for salad." Lilly thought to herself in regards for her breakfast.

It had been a long night for Kara the doctors had done all in their power and had managed. To stop the bleeding from her many wounds as she opened her eyes the blurriness seemed to fade away. Kara was once again in her room from before she looked down at herself bandages covered her whole right arm. As well as parts of her chest and both her legs she lay there still aching in pain.

"Just, who was that other girl?" Kara asked herself.

She turned her head and looked out the window as the first rays of sunlight were breaking through the black storm clouds, A wave of dizziness passed through her as she lay there in her bed.

"Does the other girl know about this new threat?" Kara thought.

Around 15 minutes after Lilly pressed the pager, the Nurse came into the room.

"How are you feeling? Did you sleep well?" She asked Lilly

"Yes, thanks. I'm feeling a lot better now. I can move around again and not be in pain with every movement." Lilly smiled back at the Nurse.

"That's good. That means that after your check up, you'll probably be able to go home again." The Nurse replied. "Did you call me to take your breakfast request?"

"Yes. I would like a Salad and a glass of Orange Juice, please." Lilly answered.

"It'll be here in about 5 minutes." The Nurse said as she started to leave the room.

"Thank you, for everything." Lilly said as the Nurse was about to leave.

The Nurse smiled at Lilly and then went to fetch her breakfast.

"I wonder if my Mother's been informed of my condition. Will she be able to pick me up?" Lilly thought as she waited for breakfast.

Another wave of dizziness passed through Kara but it quickly passed. She turned away from the window she started to move but a wave of sheer pain went through her body. Ignoring the pain Kara slowly moved her body until her feet were hanging off the bed,

"I need to get out of here" Kara thought,

Slowly she pushed herself off the bed until she was now standing on both feet. When suddenly her balance gave out and Kara fell to her knees. Screaming out in pain as she did so landing on two cuts that soon reopened drawing fresh blood.

Kara started to crawl to the door taking her sweet time she reached the door. Reaching up with both her hands Kara pulled herself to her feet. Using the door handle resting her side against the wall Kara was now sweating. Both her knees were still bleeding her poor body ached all over she slowly started to open the door making sure no one was around to see her leave her room.

The Nurse brought back Lilly's breakfast and they chatted away idly while Lilly was eating. About 10 minute after Lilly had finished, she was called to have her final check-up to see if she was fit enough to return home. The doctors concluded that Lilly was nearly back to full health, but they would like her to attend a regular check-up at her local Doctor's Clinic in about three days' time. The doctors still probed Lilly a little about her leg wound but she dodged around their questions and managed to get off without incident. She was then taken back to her hospital room.

Lilly asked the Nurse if she could call her Mother and let her know that she's better and ready to come home. The Nurse agreed to this and Lilly called up her Mother. The conversation was short and the end result was Lilly having to stay in the hospital for a little longer until her Mother was on lunch break. Her Mother didn't want to have to fetch Lilly, but she had an obligation to, lest Lilly cause problems at the hospital.

Time ticked on and Lilly and the Nurse conversed a little more. When the clock was coming up to half twelve, Lilly got ready to pack her bags and wait for her Mother in the lobby. She felt a little sad as she wouldn't be able to talk to the kind Nurse any more once she goes home. Lilly said her goodbyes and thanked the Nurse with a large hug. She then turned and headed towards the lobby and waited for her Mother to arrive.

Still watching to see if the coast was clear Kara waited inside her room. She soon spotted a group of doctors walking in the other direction they then turned a corner and went out of sight. Breathing a sigh of relief Kara pushed her door open and stumbled out into the hall. Walking slowly she followed in the direction of where the doctors were headed. A small trail of blood seemed to follow Kara as she walked.

She nearly fell to the ground twice more but just managed to hold out. By shear willpower alone she passed by several open rooms with other people inside them. Though as she took her next step a sharp stab of pain shot through both her legs. Kara cried out and fell on her injured side with the broken rib crying again in pain. Kara tried to get to her feet again but didn't have the strength. She crawled forwards seeming to be heading to the main lobby.

The doctors whom were ahead of Kara heard her cry out and stopped walking and turned around. They saw her crawling with a small trail of blood behind her.

"Ms, Ravenclaw what are you doing?" one of them shouted.

He raced over to her and knelt down with the other doctor and slowly tried to rise her to her feet.

On her way back to the Lobby, Lilly noticed a little commotion going on. Several Doctors were surrounding something, or someone, on the floor with a little trail of red following behind it. She wanted to go and see what it was but she also didn't want to get in the way and cause trouble. She walked a little further to the side away from the chaos and looked a little in its direction. She noticed a girl on the floor.

The girl look frighteningly similar to the girl she had an argument at school with just the day before. She moved a little closer to try and get a better look at her. What she saw made her gasp on shock. It WAS that girl! Lilly didn't know what to do, she moved in more closely to try and get a better listening position just to see what was wrong with her.

"What should I do? Should I go and wait in the Lobby or should I look into this a little more? Is she going to be alright?" Lilly though while staring at the broken figure of the girl.

Both doctors were holding Kara upright her legs were shaking. From the pain they seemed to be asking her some questions about just what she was doing here. Yet Kara didn't seem to hear them at all her mind was to clouded in pain and the memory of the one girl she had just fought.

"M-must leave, must leave" Kara mumbled.

She looked up through hazy filled eyes and tried to make her way forwards she weakly struggled in their arms.

"Ms, Ravenclaw can you hear me?" asked one of the doctors.

Kara still didn't hear them at all she was still trying to get away.

"Water, must find out who?" Kara mumbled again.

Lilly could just pick out little snippets of the conversation. It seemed that, despite all of her wounds, Kara wanted out. She could see her trying to leave the doctors grasp and head towards the main lobby. She mumbled something about water and who someone, or something, was.

Lilly swallowed her anxiety and decided to walk a little closer to the girl.

"Will she be okay? What happened to her?!" She asked on of the doctors holding Kara back.

She ran a thought check over the area, with main focus on Kara and whoever looked the most authoritative of the Doctors struggling to hold her back.

The doctors were still holding Kara when they heard Lily ask them what was wrong. One of the doctors turned around and looked at her.

"We, are not so sure she seems to not be responding to us it's like she's in another world. We should get her back to her room" He told her.

He turned back to Kara who was still struggling against them.

"Need, to go, must find her" Kara stated.

She again tried to get free of the doctors but their grip remained strong they pulled Kara. Away from the lobby and started back towards her room a trail of blood followed the group on the floor as she left the room.

"Please, must get free" Kara said.

Lilly was now worried for Kara a little, she still didn't like her much but she also would never wish something like this on her. It was almost like Kara had gone mad from something. Lilly knew when not to get involved in something so she headed back for the lobby, her mind was still on Kara and her broken body.

"Just what happened to her? I guess I'm lucky to only have gotten injured a little, the poor girl." Lilly thought as she continued down the corridor to the lobby.

The doctors had returned Kara to her room and placed her back in her bed they had then started. To take off the bloody bandages on her legs and cover them back up in fresh ones. To help stop the blood flow that was still coming during this whole time Kara was unaware of what was taking place around her.

Her mind was still on the water user girl whom she had fought earlier against.

"I need to find her, I need to find her" Kara suddenly screamed.

Hearing this one of the doctors suddenly used both arms and tried to hold. Kara down on her bed and she was starting to violently thrash against them trying to get free.

Lilly reached the Lobby and found an empty seat. She sat down with her things and still couldn't take her mind off Kara.

"Will she really be alright? She looked pretty badly wounded and she seemed to losing her mind a little. Just what was she talking about?" Lilly thought in regards to what she had just seen.

She waited some more, the time was now coming up to ten to one, her Mother will be here in about ten minutes.

"I wonder if she'll bring my sisters? She probably won't as they're in school now but, you can never tell, she may just bring them. I really want to see them and tell them that I'm fine, they must be worried about me."

Another doctor used his own hands to try and hold Kara down upon the bed. Yet it wasn't having much of an effect as she still kept up her struggling against them. She rose her right foot and kicked one right in the face. Sending him backups slightly and losing his grip on her body.

"Ms, Ravenclaw please you've got to calm down" The other doctor stated.

The one whom was hit went over and took a out something he placed it's contents into. One of things you use to give shots to people. He started forwards towards Kara when suddenly the very air in the room turned violent. A forceful wind blew both doctors away from Kara sending them both slamming into a wall. She rose up from her body her mind still wasn't aware of what was going on.

The wind was blowing rapidly knocking things over, ripping the curtains off of the window. The very window behind Kara shattered and she shot outside the hospital before disappearing from sight.

At around one o'clock, a red Mercedes pulled up outside the entrance to the hospital. Out of the car stepped a woman in her early thirties, wearing a black business suit underneath a brown jacket, and two young girls each in matching private school uniforms. The woman led the way into the Lobby and instantly found Lilly sitting in a chair by the entrance. The two girls ran from behind the woman and one of them dived on Lilly.

"Lilly! You okay? What happened to you?!" One of the girls asked. This girl had white-blonde hair and blue eyes, the other girl behind her looked exactly like the girl who dived on Lilly first, to every small detail.

"Yes, I'm okay, Haley. I just got caught up in a little accident at school." Lilly said as she hugged the girl close to her.

"Move over, Sis, I want to hug her too!" The other girl shouted at Haley.

"Quiet, Holly! It's my turn!" Haley shot back.

Holly didn't listen to her sister, she pushed her aside a little and managed to squeeze in and hug Lilly as well.

"Calm down, you two, I'm still not fully better yet." Lilly laughed back to her younger twin step-sisters.

"Holly, Haley! Control yourselves!" The woman demanded. Both girls ceased their hugging and stood in a uniform straight line to the left of Lilly. "Now, Lilly, explain to me what happened, right now!" The woman ordered Lilly.

Kara flew high in the sky above the city she didn't know where she was headed. Yet if one was really paying attention it seemed she was flying towards her families building. Located within the middle of the city she soon reached it after several minutes and landed upon the very top of the buildings. Kara now lay upon a large H mainly used as a landing pad for various members of the family or business.

Her body lay there for a while before a single grey door opened up a young man in his early fortes. Walked outside he was dressed in a black and white business suit with a matching tie. He had jet black hair that reached down to his neck. He walked up to where Kara lay and picked her up in his arms.

'Don't worry my daughter I'll see to it that your kept safe and sound" Kale said.

He turned around and headed back towards the door with Kara now in his arms. They soon passed through the doors and headed for his private office located several floors down. From where the roof was located.

"Mother I..." Lilly started while she tried to think up a convincing story to tell her Mother. "There was an explosion in the science lab caused by a failed experiment, I got caught in the aftermath as my class was close to it.

"The truth, now!" Lilly's Mother wasn't buying it, she could tell when Lilly was lying, she could read emotions on people like they were just saying them out loud.

"I got into a fight...with a girl." Lilly answered, feeling ashamed.

"Elaborate." Her Mother replied.

Holly and Haley stayed silent, they knew that if they uttered so much as a single syllable now then they'd get punished later. Holly was shaking a little, fearing what her Mother might do to Lilly.

"We had a little...argument and it kind of got worse leading into a fight. We were fighting near some thorny bushes and fell into them." Lilly answered, not wanting to go into more detail.

"All lies. Will I ever get a single word of truth out of you, you stupid girl?" Her Mother answered, glaring at Lilly. "What was this girl's name. Tell me and don't lie this time!"

"Kara Ravenclaw..." Lilly replied.

Her Mother then slapped her across the face.

"You idiot!" She yelled at Lilly, causing both Holly and Haley to whimper a little.

Taking the elevator down several floors Kale soon got off and walked with Kara into his office. He passed through this and walked into a small bedroom that. Inside sat a rather large king sized bed she placed Kara gently upon the bed. Walking over to the nearest window he pulled open the shades and let the sunlight into the room. Bathed in it's light seemed to cause Kara to move around a little. She had stopped mumbling and seemed to return to the here and now she opened her eyes and saw her father standing before her.

"F-father" Kara stated surprised.

"It's good to see that your back among the living so, I take it you were involved in a certain fight?" Kale asked her.

He had moved over to the bed and sat down just a few feet away from where Kara lay.

She leaned back against the pillow and said nothing.

"So, you lost is that it I thought I thought you better seems I was wrong" Kale snapped.

This sudden change in emotions surprised Kara.

"B-but father it wasn't my fault I tired everything in my power to win that fight" Kara stated.

Kale listened to this and shook his head.

'Let, me guess it was against those damned fire users they've been a pain for quite sometime" Kale replied back.

Lilly held her slapped cheek in her hand, it burned with the newly inflicted pain.

"Wha...?" Lilly stammered out.

"Do you have any idea just who the Ravenclaw family are?!" Her Mother retorted. "If you mess with them they could close my company down if they wished! Do you have any ounce of sense in that waste of space you call a brain?!"

"But Mother..."

"SILENCE! Not another word from you! Get in the car, NOW!" Her Mother yelled back as she stormed off towards the car parked outside. The twins followed after, still in their line. Lilly picked herself up from the seat and picked up her belongings before following after her Mother.

Lilly put her things in the boot and entered the car via the passenger's door, the twins sat at the back, silent and as still as possible. They looked out of the windows, Lilly did the same. Her Mother started up the car and began the drive home.

Kara remained upon the bed as she listened to her father rant on about the fire users.

"We, must step up your training once your healed I'll make sure your stronger than them" Kale stated.

He left the room leaving Kara alone with her thoughts.

Her thoughts seemed to travel back to Lily and Yukina she felt a wave of anger build within her. As she remembered losing to the both of them.

"I'll not be defeated again by either of them I will not" Kara screamed.

She started coughing violently after she said that she looked out the window. Again thinking of Lily at the time before the fight at school.

"I-I need to see her again to say sorry"

It took around 20 minutes to get to the Sera residence from the hospital. A large wrought iron gate stood in-between carve pillars of stoned shaped into pots holding various flowers in. As soon as the car reached the gate, it opened soundlessly and the car drove down the cobblestone path leading to a large mansion at the end. The car pulled up outside and Lilly's Mother got out after turning the car's ignition off.

She opened both doors on Lilly's side of the car forcibly.

"Out! All three of you!" She ordered Lilly and her half-sisters. The complied an Lilly went to the boot to take out her luggage. She waited, joining the line created by Holly and Haley, for her Mother to open the huge double doors leading into the Sera residence. Lilly herself could do it, the finger scanner had her fingerprint identified, but she decided that it was best if her Mother did, she didn't want her think that she was fleeing any possible punishment.

Lilly's Mother walked to the finger scanner and placed her right index finger against it. It beeped and the two doors opened inwards. She led the way in and the three girls followed after.

Kara lay in bed still looking out the window her father Kale returned shortly after he had left. He looked down at her and thought of something.

'I'm going to heal you, you will still be in pain but for the most part you'll beable to move around on your own" Kale told her.

He began to chant softly as he rose both hands a gentle breeze blew through the room. It touched Kara's body gentling and started to heal her wounds she felt as he broken rib was healed and a few cuts upon her body were healed.

"It will still be a few full days until your back to normal we will begin your training then" Kale stated and left the room.

Kara moved her body off the bed happy now that her ribs were back to normal. But still felt the pain in her legs for the healing magic didn't fully heal those wounds. She walked over to the window as she dad again returned with some new clothes for her to wear. He placed them on the bed and left to return to his own business.

Turning away from the window Kara walked over to the clothes. Upon the bed lay a simple silver silk blouse with a small black and white skirt that reached mid-thigh. Two pairs of small white socks went along with the outfit plus a simple pair of black panties were there as well. Kara got changed feeling the comfort of new clothes upon her body again.

"Greeting, Mistress Marie. I see you have returned with the young Mistresses?" The Head Maid spoke to Lilly's Mother as she walked in.

"Take her bags to her room. We've got some talking to do." Marie ordered the Maid. The Maid picked up Lilly's bags to her room.

"You, follow her and get on some clean clothes." Marie told Lilly.

"Yes, Mother." Lilly replied as she bowed her head and walked towards the grand staircase.

"Just what was that stupid girl thinking?! If the Ravenclaw head finds out about her, I'll be bust!" Marie thought angrily regarding Lilly's argument with Kara.

Holly and Haley waited by to be dismissed.

"You two. Go to your rooms and resume your interrupted studies. I won't have you loafing around doing nothing. I don't want you leaving your room for any reason until three o'clock. Am I clear?" Marie demanded from Haley and Holly.

"Yes, Mother." They chorused in unison as they followed after Lilly.

"I'm going to have to get her to beg for forgiveness from the Ravenclaw head." Marie thought as she made her way to the main office room.

Kara left the small private bedroom and walked out into her dad's main office. There was a large white marble desk taking place in the middle of the room. A large black chair sat behind the desk a phone, papers, a desktop pc and various photos took up space on the desk. To either side were two large statues one was single black raven in flight it's wings spread out. The second statue was that of a phoenix made up of red and gold. Kara stood before her father as he turned in his chair to face her.

"I'm going out for a while father" Kara told him.

Kale nodded at this before saying.

"I'll be taking up the project to seeing your school being rebuilt it will take some time" Kale told her.

Kara said nothing and soon left his office. She walked over to the main elevator and took it down to the main lobby. She remembered something about Lily she heard The Headmaster of her school say her last name was Sera.

"Sera, is her last name now the question is where can I find her?" Kara thought.

Lilly reached her room and opened the door, she then stepped inside.

The room was sparsely furnished with only a small writing desk with an office chair, a large bookshelf taking up one wall, a bedside table, a large flat-screen TV resting on a glass stand and a King Size bed with a canopy above it. She walked over to the bed and fell on top of it. She looked to the foot of the bed and saw her bags.

"What am I going to do now? I wonder if Kara's alright back at the hospital? I hope she's not too badly hurt. I still don't know how she got that way..." Lilly thought while she lay on the bed. "I better get changed, I'm already in enough trouble as it is, why should I add more?"

Lilly pushed herself up off the bed and made her way to the bedroom door only to have it open in front of her, revealing Holly and Haley.

"What are you two doing here?" Lilly asked.

"Mother's mad at us, too. We wanted to be taken to collect you so we begged to be let out of school early. Mother's not too happy about that..." Haley answered.

"She told us to come upstairs and study until three o'clock without leaving our room. We wanted to see if you are truly okay. Haley tells me that you had a fight with a girl who controlled the wind. She saw it all over you back at the hospital." Holly finished. The twins had the ability to read both the past and the future respectively. Haley saw the past of a person written all over them like a book and Holly saw their future in the same fashion. "Every last second. You got hurt in that fight pretty badly and so did the other girl. Right now, I see you meeting the girl again. I'm not sure where but I know it will be soon. Please, say what you truly feel to her then..." Holly told Lilly.

"Holly, Haley, there's no hiding anything from you, is there?" Lilly smiled at the two girls.

Back downstairs in the study, Marie was think up a way in which she could communicate with the Ravenclaw boss and arrange a meeting between Lilly and him. She considered phoning him up but she instantly dismissed that idea, he wasn't likely to answer.

"That stupid girl!" Marie exploded in her mind as she paced around the study.

Kara walked out of the main lobby and was now standing just outside the building. In a small square a single fountain lay in the middle followed by several more statues. This time they were all black ravens for these statues circled the fountain and blew water into it's base. Kara started walking towards the main street of the town a gentle breeze blew at her hair. She walked on for a few minutes before stopping at a light several other people were busy walking around her.

"The question is where should I go and find that girl?" Kara thought.

She could always try and find out where the main offices of the Sera family were located. That might work but Kara thought against it since both families were bitter rivals and normally hated each other. The second was to try and find out where Lily lived but that was easier said than done. Since Kara had no idea where Lily even lived.

She soon crossed the street walking along the sidewalk passing by various stores and eating areas. Kara soon stopped at another light the thought of trying to find out her phone number could work.

Lilly hugged her two half-sisters and headed towards the large walk-in wardrobe opposite her room. The twins followed her. Lilly opened the door with a finger scanner and walked in. She switched on the lights and looked for something to wear. She picked out a white sleeveless hooded jumper and a pink t-shirt with a kitten on the front of it. She then went over to the section which had her skirts and shorts in. She looked through them and picked out a light blue skirt which stretched down to the middle of her thighs. For the underwear, she chose a matching set of red polka dot panties, vest and socks. She went into a changing cubicle at the back of her room and changed out of her old clothes, Once finished, she put her old clothes in the basket by the door and walked out back into the hallway. She frowned at the twins now, they were still following her around.

"You should really be doing what Mother told you to, she's already really mad at me, I don't want you two getting involved." Lilly told her half-sisters, worrying about them.

"But we don't want to, she won't punish us, I know she won't. She's more focused on trying to get you to make up with the Ravenclaws to care about us." Holly answered. If she says they won't get punished, then it must be true.

"You're troubled about what you saw in the hospital, aren't you?" Haley asked Lilly, seeing the scenes on her.

"You're going to go searching for her, you're leaving the house. She's not at the hospital any more, she looks much better. We're coming with you." Holly injected.

"Please, stay here. You shouldn't be getting involved." Lilly tried to convince them to stay.

"We're coming..."

"...And that's final." The twins answered.

Lilly didn't want her half-sisters to come along, they were barely nine years of age, this would be too much for them, but she knew there was no stopping them once they set their mind to something, they knew her every move, past and future.

"You can come but please, not a word of this to Mother." Lilly tried to bargain with her sisters.

"You have our word...." They answered in unison.

Kara walked by more buildings and down a few more streets until she reached a large open park the front entrance was located right by her surrounded by tall redwood trees. Walking into the park Kara made her way down the small trail passing by more large trees and various bushes along the way.

"Does she visit the park maybe I can find her here?" Kara thought.

She was still walking down the path she stopped when she saw a small drinking station. Then took a few sips of water before being on her way again Kara soon found a park bench to sit on underneath a large oak tree. Sitting down she began to think about various things like could she still truly find Lily here, just what that water users plans were, what sort of training did her father have planned for her.

Getting up off the bench Kara started down the path again towards where the center of the park would be.

Lilly indicated for the twins to keep quiet while they made their way down the stairs. With a little luck, their Mother should still be in the office.

"Something's changing..." Holly started, whispering. "I can see a large park on you now, full of red trees, it's a little blurry but I think it's somewhere in town."

Lilly listened and nodded to signal she'd heard her. They crept down the stairs and towards the front door. No movements detected from anywhere. Lilly pressed her index finger against the reader and the door clicked open, no fancy entrance or exit for Lilly, just and unlocking, perfect for situations like now.

Lilly ushered her sisters out of the house and the door closed quietly behind them.

"How far away is the park?" Lilly asked Holly.

"I don't know, I don't see time, I just see what happens. It's bad enough with it being blurry." Holly answered.

"Red trees..." Lilly quietly mused to herself. "I know where that is! Follow me!" She led the way down the drive and out onto the street. She then took a left and headed towards one of her family's banks.

Kara soon entered into a large open area this place was much different than the others cherry-blossom trees lined a small circle around a small statue. Of Kale Kara's father she walked over to the statue and watching as the blossoms blew from the trees filling the area with a soft pink color. Kara looked at the statue and turned her back against it.

Kara stood with her back to it and looked around at the other people.

"Now, where could she be if she's even here" Kara thought.

Kara slowly looked around trying to spot a girl with snowy white hair. But she had no such luck with spotting someone who looked like Lily. She walked around the statue in the center of the park and soon did a full circle around it.

The twins were having a hard time keeping up with Lilly's pace. Holly tried to communicate to Haley just where she was going but that was stopped when Lilly got out of view.

Lilly rounded another corner, tapping into her magic as her pace increased, this caused her leg to protest but she didn't care about that now. She ran past a Sera bank and turned down towards the main thoroughfare, not stopping when pedestrian crossings turned from green to red, causing some cars to beep their horns in retaliation. She found the entrance to the park and ran in.

"Now where could she be? I wish Holly had kept up." Lilly thought as she slowed her pace down to a walk when she entered the park. She just headed down the main pathway to the large statue in the centre. Due to her slowed pace, the twins managed to only just catch up to her now.

"By the...statue..." Holly panted out.

"Follow but don't let her see you." Lilly replied to her sisters, they walked a little ways behind Lilly, keeping the trees between them and Kara.

Lilly walked towards the statue some more and called out to the lone girl by it.

"Hey!"

Kara had stopped in front of the statue again and was about to start to walk around it again. When she heard a familiar voice callout to her turning she spotted the white haired girl walking towards her. She looked at her the first thing that went through her mind was.

"YOU!" Kara thought.

Kara shook the thought from her head even though Lily was still her enemy she decided on another approach.

"I-I was wondering what ever became of you since I never saw you leave The Headmaster's office" Kara told her.

She walked up to Lily and smiled at her.

'Oh, I never introduced myself I'm Kara Ravenclaw" Kara told her.

She reached out with her hand it attempts for Lily to shake it.

Ignoring the handshake, Lilly ran right up to Kara and hugged her closely.

"I saw you in the Hospital, you were badly wounded. Just what happened to you?!" Lilly cried out while hugging Kara.

A few moments later, after she believe it had been long enough of an embrace, Lilly removed herself from Kara.

"I'm Lilly Sera." She answered.

"Maybe this approach will work. She had me worried. I'm glad she's okay." Lilly thought.

Holly and Haley were watching from behind a Cherry Blossom tree. Haley looked over Kara, trying to read just how the two met and what had caused her to get so badly beaten.

"She had a little disagreement with Lilly, this caused her to get called to the Headmaster's office where he punished Kara first. Lilly enjoyed watching Kara get punished." Haley recited to Holly.

"After Kara's punishment, Lilly was then sent up. Lilly didn't want to get punished. Her punishment was stopped when the...curtains caught fire?" Haley read, questioning the last bit.

"The rest I can't read, there must be something stopping me from doing it."

Kara at first was mad when Lily didn't shake her hand but was surprised when Lily suddenly hugged her. She felt wave of pain pass through her body Kara responded by hugging Lily back not knowing really how to respond to her.

"I-I was caught in caught in some falling debris as I tried to leave the school part of a wall fell on me. Trapping me underneath the rubble I was pinned underneath it for some time before I was found" Kara quickly thought up not wanting to tell Lily the truth.

She pushed herself away from Lily and listened as she told her name to her.

"What about yourself I haven't seen you since school?" Kara asked her.

She looked into Lily's eyes a tiny blush formed on her cheeks but went away quickly.

"I got banged up a little but not nearly half as badly as you did." Lilly started, she then finally noticed that Kara was in perfect shape when only minutes before she was practically incapacitated. "H-how did you heal up so fast?!"

The twins finally thought it was about time to show themselves, Haley had read all she could about Kara and Holly couldn't pick up anything regarding her future. It was almost as like something was preventing the reading.

"Um, Miss Kara," Haley started. "What about that man back in that fancy room? What did he do?" Haley asked, referring to a reading she got when Kara was lying on a bed battered and a man came up to her and the wounds disappeared when he placed a hand over them.

Lilly was shocked to see her normally reserved Sisters talk openly to a stranger.

Kara needed to think quickly she tried to come up with an answer. She could think of an answer to tell her when she saw two girls appear the one know as Haley asked her a question.

"How, does she know about that?" Kara thought.

She took Haley in fully watching her closely.

"H-he used an ancient method of healing thought in my family" Kara lied.

She couldn't;t tell Haley the truth that would make matters worse. She still wanted to know just how Haley knew about what happened to her.

"Something about her" Kara thought.

Haley bought the lie, unlike her Mother or Lilly, she couldn't see if it was a truth, the reading was very blurry.

"Okay. Just wondered." Haley innocently answered while moving a little closer to Lilly.

"You mean like Reiki healing?" Lilly asked, trying to find something to link it to. "Haven't seen it in practice for ages."

Lilly regarded Haley sternly.

"You really shouldn't do that without the person's permission. It's okay if you do it on our family but not a complete stranger." Lilly scolded Haley.

"Sorry..." Haley replied looking down.

"Ah, yes something like that" Kara stated she kept her gaze fixed on Haley. She then looked back at Lily.

"Yes, it's something that was teached and passed down in my family for generations" Kara told Lily.

At that very moment a small breeze blew from the wind across the park. Using just a faint trace of magic enough to shield herself so no one knew it was her. She used the wind a slap Haley on her butt.

"I-I'm sorry about earlier at school yesterday I shouldn't have been so mean to you" Kara told her.

"That's good. Complimentary therapies are dying out with all the new medical advancements. It's nice to see some natural remedies still surviving." Lilly commented.

The wind was aimed at Haley but, instead, it hit Holly. She let out a little yelp and jumped in shock. Holly then looked behind her to see what it was. Haley regarded her sister and whispered something to her. Holly just nodded in response. Holly and Haley then held hands and walked a little closer forward.

"That's alright. I'm sorry as well, I shouldn't have started it." Lilly replied rubbing her left forearm while talking.

The Twins regarded Kara and spoke to her.

"Do you know..."

"...which of us..."

"...just got..."

"...hit by..."

"...an acorn..."

"...Miss Kara?" The twins recited, taking turns speaking to further confuse Kara.

Kara only have listened to what Lily had to say she was still keeping her gaze on Haley or the one she thought was Haley. But it seemed Holly was the one whom got hit instead. She looked over at Holly and then at Haley not knowing whom was which. It seemed that Lily had said she was sorry as well. to her.

"It's my own fault really" Kara told her.

Her eyes never leaving the twins who started to speak to her again. This only seemed to confuse her further. This time she used a stronger gust of wind she placed it a small blade shape formation into it. She used the wind to attack the one named Holly who she thought was Haley.

This blade of wind was meaning meant to slice through something it wouldn't touch their skin more along the lines of cutting through their skirt. If this trick worked than Kara would know who it was.

"Damn you stop it" Kara told them in her mind

The wind was originally aimed at the one who Kara thought was Holly, however, the gust was actually aimed at Haley. It tore a little off her skirt, she used her free hand to cover up the tear, which was just in front of her lime green panties, as she screamed a little.

"No fair..."

"...that's cheating..."

"...there's one..."

"...easy way..."

"...to tell..."

"...the difference..."

"...Miss Kara." The twins chimed again.

"Just ask Lilly." They said in unison.

This time it was Haley who cried out she looked over at her and blushed slightly watching her cover her skirt. With her free hand Kara was getting angry now she knew what to do if she could really embarrasses one of them than it's help point out who it was.

"Damn your tricks" Kara told them.

She used the same attack as before but instead of aiming it at their skirt with was aimed at their panties if caught it'd cut through both sides causing it to fall to the ground. If this indeed did happen Kara would finally know which was the one who asked her the question from before.

Kara didn't hear the last part about asking Lily to focused was she on trying to embarrasses one of them.

The twins giggled at Kara's comment. Lilly just rolled her eyes at the pointless exchanges, she knew which twin was which by a detail which is so obvious that it is commonly overlooked. This, however, didn't only trick Kara, Marie also didn't know who's who when it came to the twins, only Lilly knew.

The wind sliced through the air and it hit both twins, they were standing so close together that the dimensions of the wind cleanly sliced off both their panties. They screamed in unison and used their free hands to hold down their skirts to cover up their exposed privates. A pair of Lime green panties fell from the twin on the left and a pair of yellow panties fell from the right one.

"Pervert!" They both shouted simultaneously.

Kara watched as two pairs of panties fell to the ground. Both twins seemed press their hands into their skirts she still didn't know who was who. When they both cried out pervert Kara nearly lost it.

"Enough!" She shouted.

As stronger gust of wind blew through the area slicing through a tree branch near them. It came crashing to the ground. A few feet away from them Kara looked away from the twins and back at Lily.

"So, what do you want to do?" Kara asked her,

She was still blushing at looking at the pair of panties upon the ground, A small images formed in her mind of what it looked like under both the twins skirts.

The twins jumped away from the falling branch and looked like they were about to cry.

Lilly just sighed and walked over to her half-sisters and petted them on the heads. She then turned to Kara.

"The left twin is Haley and the right twin is Holly. Holly was the one who got hit by the acorn." Lilly stated

"That's right." The twins replied, still a little shaken from the falling branch.

"The easy was to tell is that, when they join hands, Haley's hand is always the one of top. Haley favors her left side more than her right and Holly's the opposite, being more right favored than left. When they stand back to back, Haley's half an inch taller than Holly. The birthmark on their..."

"Ahem!" Haley coughed, trying to mask the word Lilly said.

"...is a little different, too. When they sleep..." Lilly tried to finish.

"T-that's enough! Don't tell her that!" Haley practically begged Lilly.

Lilly turned back to Haley and gave her a little hug.

Kara just watched the events take place before her as Lily went on the explain. Just who each of the twins were to her she reached down and picked up their fallen panties and handed them to the twins.

"What's different when they sleep?" Kara asked.

She wanted to know that then walked over and patted each on the head like. Lily had done earlier before backing away from the group. In doing do Kara crossed her legs together it seemed that the water she had drank earlier was now sending signals to her bladder, Telling her that she needed to use the restroom.

"It's nice to meet you both"

"Well..." Lilly considered her answer.

"Don't tell her! Please!" Haley tried again to convince Lilly not to divulge that information.

"I can't tell you. They won't like it." Lilly finally decided to answer.

Holly backed away a little when Kara bent down to pick up their panties.

"D-don't look..." Holly quietly said.

"Nice to meet you, too, Miss Kara." Haley returned the greeting.

Kara again recross her legs then did so again as she waited for Lily. To tell her the answer but it seemed that she wasn't going to do so. When she nearly heard Haley beg for Lily not to say anything.

"Oh, well then"

She saw as Holly backed away from her this caused her to smile. She made it look like she was planning on looking but really didn't.

She stood back up quickly which wasn't a good thing to do. Since her already swelling bladder sent a signal through out her body Kara suddenly squirmed,

"I hope we can be friends" Kara told Haley.

Haley smiled and Holly just hid behind her.

"There's a stream of water..." Holly whispered as she saw an image similar to it on Kara.

Lilly didn't quite catch what Holly had said but she did see the movements made by Kara.

"Still hurting a little, huh?" She asked, thinking that it was the wounds causing Kara to act like this,

When Holly mentioned a stream of water Kara's squirming increased two-fold. While seeing her whispering to Haley,

"There going to enjoy this?" Kara thought.

She then heard as Lily spoke to her this caused Kara to stop moving around slightly.

"Y-yeah I'm still not 100% yet" Kara told her.

She looked back at Holly and thought or at least tried to think of a way to get her back.

"A puddle...a discolored puddle, and some shoes standing in it." Holly continued, getting more readings.

"A glass of water and a filling container." Haley was now beginning to pick up some readings.

The twins looked at each other and nodded their heads.

"Do you need to pee, Miss Kara?" They asked as one.

Lilly looked at the twins, surprised.

"That's not something you ask! Haven't you heard of privacy?! She's just hurting a little, that's all." Lilly told the twins.

She started squirming when Holly started speaking then even more when Haley joined in on this. She crossed and recross her legs again trying to stop the impending flow. That wanted to escape her she listened as they asked if she needed to pee.

"N-No, I'm just hurting" Kara lied.

Another gust of wind blew through the area as it formed a small unseen barrier. Around Kara which she hoped would protect her from their readings. In the meantime she used the wind to as a sort of tickling breeze against the back of their knees.

"C-Can we find a place to sit down?" Kara asked.

She tried not to squirm around anymore but was having bad luck.

"I can't see anything...?" Holly questioned regarding the sudden blank readings.

"Me neither." Haley also clarified.

The breeze was meant to tickle their knees but instead it hit their exposed privates and blew their skirts up a little, briefly flashing their jewels at anyone in the surrounding area.

"Kyah!" Both girls screamed.

"Lilly, can we please get some...panties?" Haley asked, her voice trailing off at the end.

"Give me a second." She replied. "Can I have your broken ones, please?"

The twins handed Lilly their broken panties.

"Kara, there's a bench back that way. We can sit there if you want." Lilly answered Kara's question, indicating the way to the drink machines and the toilets. Lilly then folded up both pairs of panties into small squares big enough to fit in her hands. She then placed them both on top of each other and cupped her hands over them. A faint red glow emanated from the cupped hands. Once she opened them, she picked out both pairs of panties and they looked just as they did before the wind attacked them.

"Here you go." She said, handing the pairs to their owners.

"Thanks!" The twins smiled back.

This caused Kara to smile when the wind blew up the twins skirts she could have some fun. With these two she then heard Lily point out where a bench was and started walking slowly towards it.

As she was walking she saw the restrooms ahead this only seemed to send bigger signals through her. She suddenly stopped in her tracks when she felt the first spout escape her urethra. Then dampen the crotch of her panties this caused the wind shield around her to weaken a bit. Which meant if the twins wanted they could get a faint reading.

Placing both hands into her crotch Kara started forward again more slowly this time.

"I-I'm not going to make it" Kara thought.

She step Kara took sent a fresh squirt of pee to leaving her body and further dampen her already wet panties. She was at this point digging her hands into her crotch through her skirt.

The twins slipped their panties on under their skirts and headed off towards the bench, noticing Kara stopping, Holly could get a slight reading.

"Another stream, it's tinged a darker colour than water. The puddle, getting bigger and bigger, surrounding the shoes. Small rivulets of water, cascading down something. A large patch forming on some clothing..." Holly read.

"Miss Kara, are you okay?" Haley asked

Lilly followed after the twins.

"Haven't you two had enough fun yet?" She asked them as she passed by to the bench.

Once she started walking again unaware she heard Holly mention water, streams, puddles and things getting wet. This caused the already bursting dam within her to let loose a torrent of pee shot from Kara's poor urethra drenching her already wet panties and welting the front and back of her skirt. A puddle formed underneath her which everyone could see.

"N-No" Kara sobbed.

She started to cry as she filled her eyes this was the second time in two days that Lily had seen her wet herself. Now the twins had seen it and so did people in the park.

"Hey, that girls wetting herself like a baby" Pointed out a boy with red hair and blue eyes he was dressed in a white shirt and shorts.

Other people around Kara started to point and snicker at her.

