A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*006*2014-05-31 01:00

Here comes Chapter 4 to those who have been following along.

Chapter 4: Broken Friendships

Kara remained upon the roof of the building she had landed on she was still crying. Everything that had just happened remained in her head she pictures the shocked and sad. Faces of both Lily and Holly she wondered just what they would think of her now. After a few minutes Kara slowly got to her feet and wiped away the tears in her eyes.

"Holly" Kara said quietly.

Using the wind Kara lifted herself up into the air looking west she spotted the outskirts of the city. She saw her school Evergreen and flew towards it maybe once she was there she could clear her head.

Ravenclaw Tower

Sitting in his office Kale reached for the phone on the side of his desk. He picked it up and started to dial a random number for the number he was dialing was the one for "Sera".

Lilly's mind swam with the thoughts of the time she had spent with Kara in the arcade and the battle she had had with her. She considered just why Kara might have been wanting to get close to her.

"The only reason she may want to get close to me is to make me let my guard down around her. Maybe she's trying to kill me, that is the only possible explanation!" Lilly thought on her way home.

Holly wondered just why Kara might want to hurt Lilly and why Lilly might want to hurt Kara. Had they had a fight? How could Kara control the wind? Was she like Lilly, born with the innate power, or did she learn it? Holly was confused and scared, she didn't know what to do.

Haley was still thinking about how fun the fight was, regardless of the potential chance of a much worse outcome for the two. She wanted to ride around in that ball of fire again, swinging from side to side and floating around above the ground. She considered asking Lilly for another ride but thought against it when she saw Lilly looking distracted and downcast.

All three reached the Sera residence and walked inside, after Lilly had opened the door. They wondered just what punishment their Mother might have in mind for the three of them.

Kara had soon reached the gates of Evergreen she landed upon the ground. Slowly walking into the school grounds she saw that part of the destroyed school was slowly starting. To be rebuilt she walked over to it running his fingers of the building material. "Holly will hate me now I want to see her again" Kara told herself as she looked back in the direction of where she came.

Floating into the air Kara used her magic and flew back through the sky. She was heading back the way she had first game yet as she passed among the clouds. She also started to think about Lily "she was nice to me yet, this is how I treat her?" She thought. Several minutes seemed to pass and she reached the park landing upon the ground. Where she had her earlier battle with Lily.

She walked around the fountain and since she didn't seem to know where they had gone. Deciding on using the wind closing her eyes she felt the movements of the wind. As it blew across the city she felt movements not far from the park and hoped that it was them. "Holly, Lily wait for me" Kara thought. As she started to head that way through the sky.

Kale had finished dialing the number and was now listening to a ringing tone. The reason he was calling because he wished to set up a meeting.

Strangely, when Lilly and the Twins entered, their Mother was nowhere to be seen. Lilly asked a Maid where she was, hoping that she will know. The Maid answered, saying that Marie did not wish to be disturbed as she had important business documents to process. Lilly and the twins headed back to Lilly's room.

Marie was in her office when she heard the phone ring. Expecting an important call from one of the local contractors regarding the improvements to the local water resort, Marie answered the phone.

"Marie Sera of Sera Finance speaking, may I ask who is calling?" Marie answered the phone in her usual business tone.

Several minutes seemed to pass and Kara at last had finally arrived at where she knew the girls. Would be she had arrived at their home having used the wind currents to find them before they had. Entered their house landing upon the grass gently Kara started forward towards the house. She soon reached the doors seeing a doorbell Kara pushed it.

Several ringtones later Kale finally got through and heard a very familiar voice on the other end.

"Ah, Marie it's been quite a while" He said.

He stopped for a moment thinking over something.

"I'm sure you know that this is Kale Ravenclaw of Ravenclaw Industries, the reason I'm truly calling is. That'd I'd like to set up a dinner meeting between us tonight at my estate for I'd like to discuss a business proposal" Kale stated.

Lilly went into her room and found her phone charger. She then turned her mobile off, as it was on 2% power, and plugged it in to charge. The usual beep sounded, indicating that the phone was now charging. Holly and Haley walked in and sat on Lilly's bed, they had nothing better to do and they also wanted to think some more about what had happened.

A few minutes after Lilly and the twins entered, the doorbell rang. The head maid opened the door and saw a girl standing outside. She looked about the same age as Lilly.

"Are you a friend of the young Miss?" The maid asked the girl.

Once the person on the other end spoke, all business-like charm was lost from Marie.

"Why are you calling me? I've got a lot of paperwork to do and it's not going to do itself." Marie answered in the pause between the conversation between Kale Ravenclaw and herself. At the mention of a business proposal, Marie had a little more interest in the conversation. "What kind of business proposal?" She asked.

A few minutes passed and soon the door opened and a maid appeared to ask her a question. "Ah, yes if it's not to much trouble may I see Lily, Haley and Holly please?" Kara asked the maid.

Kara began to wonder just what all three girls would do once they knew she was here.

"I'd think you'd truly know" He said.

Kale listened to just what Marie had to ask him he seemed to be going over what. He wanted to say to her in his mind for a while. "A partnership in a way of speaking" Kale added as he started to get together more of his idea.

"As you wish." The maid replied. "Please, come in and take a seat in the main sitting room. I'll go and collect the Young Miss and her sisters." The maid bowed as she ushered the girl into the main foyer. A large twin staircase looped around two huge statues of lions. The handrail of the red carpeted staircase was made out of what appeared to be gold. It was embellished with a Lily pattern, the symbol of the Sera family, the Lily flower being the start of the handrail and the stem being the end.

The foyer was around 100 foot by 100 foot. Several pillars of stone supported the upper levels lining the edges of the hallway. A huge pair of double doors rested in-between the coiling staircase and the Lion statues. The maid led the girl to a doorway to the west of the main entrance. The floor seemed to have a mosaic pattern which was indiscernible for the girl's current vantage point. The maid opened the doors and allowed the girl to walk through, closing the doors behind her. The maid then headed up the stairs in the direction of Lilly's room.

The thought of paring up with an equally affluent business partner really got Marie interested in the conversation.

"A partnership, you say? Please elaborate. I'll see if I can find someone to look after the 'annoying dependents' I've been left with." Marie answered, trying to hold back her excitement over what money she might make out of this partnership.

Kara followed the maid into the house she looked around taking in all the detail. "What a nice place it looks similar to my house" Kara thought as she was led into the sitting room. She sat down upon a small chair soon the maid closed down doors behind her. Kara now was waiting she wasn't sure just what was going to happen.

Kale thought over his plan once again "Yes, a partnership for to long our companies have been waging war against each other" Kale begin. He stopped talking for a moment as he reached over on his desk and took a sip of water from the glass near him. "Which was leading us no, where I was thinking that we good start anew as friends and together could control this city" Kale went on to say.

Lilly heard a knock at her bedroom door. She asked for the person to come in and noticed it was the head maid. The head maid informed Lilly of the arrival of one of her friends which wished to see both her and the twins. Lilly had a faint idea of who this person could be. She followed the maid down the stairs, the twins close behind, and into the sitting room. Who Lilly saw cleared up all suspicions.

"Kara." Lilly said as she noticed the out of place pink drills against the red, green and gold decoration of the sitting room.

"Kara!" The twins cried out in joy as the ran towards Kara and gave her a huge hug.

"Controlling the city sounds like a good plan. Just what would be my cut in the affairs, though?" Marie inquired. "What time shall we meet?"

Marie was already thinking of a way in which she could turn this little proposition around to favour her more than the Ravenclaws. Act nice at first, earn their trust and then crush them with a scandal. Perfect...

She was still busy sitting upon the chair when a few moments later the door opened. And Lily and the twins had arrived by walking into the room the twins then ran to her and gave her a huge hug. Kara returned the hug and looked at both twins happy faces she looked at Holly longer. The look in Kara's eyes seemed to tell Holly "I missed you".

She then looked over at Lily "I-is it ok that I'm here?" She asked.

"Well, as my partner you would get 50% and how does tonight sound around 6 if it isn't to much of a problem?" Kale asked.

As he waited for her reply his own thoughts were running through his mind. He only wanted this deal so that gain their trust and take over their own company. Perhaps Marie would soon be meeting a foul end.

Lilly scowled at Kara, Haley seemed to notice this.

"Please don't send her away! If you do I'll never forgive you!" Haley told Lilly.

"Please, let her stay." Holly pleaded, using the best puppy dog eyes she could make.

Lilly considered the options and decided it would be best for her to stay, that way she could get the full story out of her. She asked the maid to let the four talk in private, the maid bowed and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.

"Coming close again so you can try to kill me? This is my house with my rules. You'll stand no chance against me here." Lilly stated as she slowly walked towards Kara. "Don't even think about hurting my sisters either."

50/50 sounded fair as a start, Marie didn't want to seem inconsiderate before she could set her plan into action. "That's fine by me. I'll make sure I can find someone to keep the leeches from destroying the house while we discuss this matter further." Marie answered.

Kara backed away from the twins her gaze set fully upon Lily she watched the recent events take place. Between the three of them and said nothing of her own for a short time. When she heard Lily speak about her coming to kill her again it slowly began to dawn on her that Lily was the one she had been fighting.

"So, it was you those two times" Kara said.

She was still thinking over the events again "k-kill you, why would I do that, plus why would I hurt these two I'd never hurt Holly I-I like her to much" Kara confessed. Seeing Lily slowly walking over to her.

"Ah, good then I shall see you later then, or if you wish feel free to bring them along I'm sure my daughter would enjoy meeting them" Kale stated. If Marie truly decided to not bring her kids along then he could set the first steps of his plan into action if not then it'd have to wait.

"The same question is also posed to you." Lilly retorted. "I know the bindings of my contract for the power I possess. The main section of it details an overview of what should happen should two empowered ones meet. It states that I should do all I can to ensure that my honor is not challenged. If you read in-between the lines that means that I should should kill whoever I meet who is also an empowered one." Lilly stopped walking closer to Kara. Now, she was no more than a few feet away. She clicked her fingers together on her right hand and a small flame appeared just above her index finger. "A contingency. Just in case you try anything funny."

Lilly wanted answers and she wanted them now, she was in no mood to listen to anything but what she wanted to. "Why did you decide to impose on my house? Why did you decided to attempt to 'get to know me', for want of a better description?" Lilly demanded calmly.

"Why would I want to haul those free-loaders around?" Marie asked rhetorically in response to Kale's suggestion of bringing them along. "The only one who actually has a potential say in the way the business is run is my first-born and she's also started to show little to no interest in the business. Should I lug her along anyway?" Marie questioned. She didn't want Lilly informing Kale of her own plans but it might also be handy to bring her along so she can read Kale as well and inform her of what he is truly planning, if anything.

Again Kara listened to just what Lily had to say to her she again said nothing for a time. "So, you wish to kill me then is that it" Kara snapped suddenly her eyes flashed a clear color and slowly the wind within the room started to blow lightly not enough to destroyed anything. "Because, I wanted to set things right" Kara told her at first. She backed away from Lily and looked over at the twins who were watching them.

"I had thought you were lonely and could use a true friend, you looked so alone when I first saw you" Kara added she seemed to back away again from Lily. "I did enjoy getting to know you better honestly I did" Kara stated.

Kale listened to everything that Marie had to say to him about her kids. "I had thought it would have been nice for my daughter to make some new friends" Kale told her. Yet as he listened to more of what she had to say. He looked up from his phone and saw that several people enter the office. They were all dressed in black suits he nodded his head towards them. They seemed to get the message and left the room.

"Maybe your first-born would like to meet my own" Kale added quickly.

"Why would I want to kill you now? It'll ruin this room and scar my sisters for life." Lilly calmly responded to the potential challenge. Kara's next statement hit something within Lilly, this caused her to falter a little. "W-why would you want to set things right? Wouldn't the best option be to never meet with your rival again?! Think about what that may make me feel, knowing that someone who I thought was a friend actually turned out to be a backstabbing killer!" Lilly's voice was cracking with welling tears.

Kara's next response caused all feeling of sadness to be lost from Lilly. "What made you think I was lonely?!" Lilly snapped. "To think that you thought you knew someone from just one meeting, it's stupid and impossible! Can you read my mind? CAN YOU?! Don't make assumptions about people you don't even know!" Kara's addition caused Lilly to falter again. "Same here! Until you tried to kill me and my sisters!"

"Alright, if you want I'll drag her along as well. She might help keep your daughter company while we get down to...more important matters." Marie answered. "I'll see you at six, then. Just give me the address and I'll add it into my SatNav."

She wasn't really sure how to respond to just what Lily was saying to her right now. "Because just look and me here I am this is the perfect moment" Kara said. She again looked at the twins and then back at Lily. "B-because I didn't want this friendship to end it means alot to me I like you alot Holly even more, Haley is fun to" Kara pointed out, This wasn't really getting her anywhere "W-what about yourself you tried to kill me in return what then?" Kara stated again.

What she heard next wasn't surprising to her Lily was clearly upset at everything that had taken place. "Because I always saw you alone at school you always seemed sad I wanted to change that" Kara told her she started forward towards Lily, "No, I can't what about yourself can you read my fucking mind?" Kara snapped in return. To Lily she then heard the last of what Lily had to say to her. "I never planned on hurting them it was you who sent them at me with that fire attack of yours!" Kara screamed tears were no forming in her eyes.

Kale heard this and smiled before replying "Ah, yes that's good my address is 1566, Ravenwood Estates" Kale told her.

Lilly's next response delivered was accompanied by some tears starting to streak down her face. "M-maybe I like being alone!" Lilly answered, clearly she was forcing this answer out. "Yes! I can! I've been cursed with that malady since birth! I can't trust anyone! One minute they're acting all friendly and the next they are insulting me in their mind!" Lilly was clearly crying at this moment in time. "How do I know you're not the same?! I can't do it to you! What the hell are you hiding from me?!"

"I only did that because you tried to cut me in half with wind! I wanted to keep them safe! I couldn't do anything else while they were in the ball!" Lilly cried out. "It was the only option..."

Marie entered the address into the SatNav on her desk. "See you then. Pleasure doing business with you." Marie answered while she plotted what she could get Lilly to do then.

Kara was crying at this point as she listened to what Lily had to say to her. "Y-you don't have to be alone I was alone myself until I met you" Kara said slowly. She again walked over to Lily but soon stopped when she heard that it was true she really could read her mind. "Then you know everything I was thinking was true then you knew what everything" Kara pointed out. She started to walk over to Lily again. "Read my mind I'm hiding nothing from you".

Kara walked over to Lily and wrapped her arms around her pulling her into a hug. Weather she wanted one or not "you could have placed them aside it was my own fault and I'm sorry" Kara cried out what she did next was a shock she kissed Lily right then and there upon the lips.

"Ah, yes see you then" Kale replied back he then hung up the phone. He got up from his desk and walked over to the window and looked out over the city. "I'm afraid Marie that you won't be making it to dinner tonight".

"What the hell do you know?! I'm not alone! I have Holly and Haley, they've been with me since I was a baby!" Lilly shouted back, crying some more. Kara's next statement caused more rage to build up in Lilly. "Are you deaf or just stupid?! I've told you once. I. Can't. Read. Your. MIND! You're blocking it with something!"

Lilly was about to protest some more when Kara suddenly kissed her on the lips. Lily was filled with rage at the thought of her first kiss being stolen by someone she didn't love, not to mention her worst enemy at this present moment in time. Something else filled Lilly, though. A warm feeling caressed her body as her own lips met Kara's. For a moment, Lilly didn't care what had happened before, she was lost in the feeling, Once the feeling faded, Lilly's rage returned, albeit a little lesser and more embarrassment than rage. She pushed Kara off her. The Twins just gasped in shock.

"W-what did you do that for?!" Lilly spluttered out.

Once the phone was hung up, Marie made preparations for that evening. It was going on for half three, she still had around two hours before she had to head out. She decided she'll take extra bodyguards with her this evening in case he was planning something strange, old rivalries don't just disappear from one mere phone call. With Lilly's mind reading power as well and her own lie detecting she was well protected.

"Time to set the wheels in motion..." Marie thought as she started to make accounts for how much this will cost.

She stumbled backwards still not quite sure herself just why she kissed Lilly. She just looked at the floor crying again she couldn't explain herself. "I-I don't know" Kara told her she then looked into Lilly's eyes and listened to what else she had to say.

"You may have them but you still are alone, for I myself am alone" Kara replied. Fresh tears falling from her eyes yet when Lilly called her stupid Kara suddenly snapped. "I-I told you I'm hiding nothing from you!" Kara screamed so loud that the wind outside responded to this and slammed into the house not harming it but causing. The windows to rattle for she was hiding nothing from Lilly that part that had been shielded from view had been gone since she had entered the house.

"I-If you want me gone from your life I'll leave you alone" Kara sobbed. Her mind was flooded with a million emotions she walked over to Haley and hugged her tight. "I enjoyed the time we spent together".

She then next moved over to Holly as she looked into her face she broke down anew. Pulling Holly closer "I-I really liked you even was getting a crush on you" Kara told her. She let go of Holly and headed for the door.

As Kale still looked out the window a single knock was heard upon his door. Not turning around he told the person to enter the door soon opened and Yukina walked into the room. "I take it you know what you must do?" Kale asked.

Yukina nodded and laughed "once that bitch is taken care of you'll have the city all to yourself" Yukina laughed.

"Wait!" Holly cried out after Kara.

"Don't go! Please!" Haley added in.

Lilly just fell to the floor in tears. She couldn't bring herself to confront Kara again. It was true, she couldn't read anything off her, the flux of magic in the air was too much to allow that power to accurately be used.

"Kara...I'm sorry..." Lilly quietly said, her voice like a small whisper in the wind whipping around the room. She stayed in that state while she heard Kara's retreating footsteps.

Kara soon reached the door to the room when she heard both the twins call out to her. She stopped walking and turned around facing them tears were falling down her cheeks. "I-I don't want to go I want to stay" Kara stated she looked back over at Lilly. The wind outside seemed to slam again and again into the house shaking the windows to the room.

Inside her head Kara's emotions were running wild she wasn't sure what to think. Or to even act she thought back to what Lilly had said about her hiding something. It was true she was hiding something her true feelings to Lilly, her true feeling to Holly. Yet there was still something else she was hiding.

Kara suddenly grabbed her head in pain as the wind howled outside. The floor beneath her started to shake and Kara cried out in pain. She dropped to her knees sobbing and crying for help her head started to really hurt as unknown voices started to fill her mind voices of others of people around her. Some strange reason Kara heard their very thoughts the floor shaking grew more instance. Blood started to flow down from Kara's nose.

"W-What's happening to me" Kara sobbed in pain.

Lilly's thought entered her mind saying that she was sorry Brooke looked at her through pain filled eyes. "My head it's my head why can I hear your thoughts" Kara cried out.

"Please..." Lilly quietly continued her crying.

The twins wanted to go and stop Kara from leaving. Haley stepped forward and looked at the prone Lilly, reading her as she cried.

"Lilly wants you to stay. She doesn't want you to go either. She's just not sure how to put that into words. She's only ever been by herself, looking after my sister and I." Haley read off Lilly.

Holly walked towards Lilly and did the same.

"I see the outcome of this. It's blurred but I see Lilly crying in her room. She's shut herself away from the world at the pretense of not knowing who to trust. She feels betrayed. She trusted you but you cast her aside when you attacked her. I'm not sure why you did that, I'm honestly not. Lilly never tells us anything about her powers." Holly read to Kara.

Lilly didn't care what her sisters were doing. She just continued looking at the ground, not wanting to meet anyone's eyes.

"Kara..." Lilly croaked out.

As soon as Kara fell to the floor and cried out in pain, the twins ran to her side.

"What's happening?" Holly asked.

"What's wrong, Kara?!" Haley questioned, worry clear in her voice.

Yet, again Kara heard voices inside her head it was just like times in the past. Yet this time it was alot more of a problem than what it had been before. At various times in her young life Kara was able to read the minds of others yet it had only showed itself when Kara felt really sad or angry. Most of the time it lay dormant in her mind yet now it had only just awakened briefly.

"My head it's my head" Kara screamed.

But there was one side-effect that when this power awakened within her. Kara always would get really bad headaches like right now. She barely heard what the twins had told her about Lilly she looked at her still on the floor crying.

"I-I was angry I felt humiliated at what she saw yesterday morning in the Headmasters office" Kara told them, As she again grabbed her head in pain in her mind she could just read some or Lilly's thoughts yet they seemed blurred.she slowly got to her knees leaning back against the door.

"I-I didn't know it was her when I attacked I thought it was someone else" Kara added through the pain.

The twins just stayed by Kara's side, listening to what she was saying.

"So, you can read minds like Lilly?" Holly asked.

"Or just hear things at different moments in time? Things which you yourself have not seen yet?" Haley asked, thinking the power to be similar to her Sister's or her own.

While crying, Lilly also heard what Kara was saying.

"I-I didn't mean to." Lilly said while crying. "I was just sent their as well..."

"It was kind of nice. I had a strange feeling inside of me. I liked being hit by the bamboo stick. Plus, my heart beat faster when you wet yourself..." Lilly thought, not knowing what was wrong with Kara. As she was prone to being read by her sisters, so was she prone at being read by Kara.

Kara's head still hurt as she listened to what both twins had to say.

"Only a little yes but not all the time" Kara said through the pain.

She then told Haley that she couldn't do that and didn't have powers like that.

For a brief moment Kara was able to read Lilly's mind just hearing that thought caused her to blush. But went away when she grabbed her head in pain again the wind outside was starting to die down and she was still crying lightly. "I wish I could have seen you wet yourself" Kara thought. After listening to what Lilly had to say.

Lilly managed to pull herself together and go over to see Kara.

"You want to take a quick rest? Just wondering, maybe that might help your pain." Lilly asked Kara while wiping her tears away.

The twins smiled as it seemed like Lilly was back to her old self again.

"We have a few guest rooms." Haley suggested. "Unless you want to sleep in somebody's bed." Haley smirked as she looked at Holly.

Kara got to her feet slowly as Lilly came over to her.

"I'd like that if it's not to much trouble?" Kara asked.

When she heard Haley mention about sleeping in someone's bed she blushed. Yet at that moment the first sign's of her bladder were starting to tell her she needed to pee. There had been times in the past when after her mind reading awakening. Plus with the headaches Kara would normally have to pee it seemed to be a side effect.

"Oh, Haley remember your still my slave for a half hour since we didn't get to finish earlier"

"Oh, yeah..." Haley now remembered. "I thought she had forgotten!" Her mind cried out.

"The guest rooms are upstairs. Come with me." Lilly said as she offered an arm to lean on to help Kara walk, if she needed it.

"It's good to see us all getting along again." Holly smiled.

Kara leaned against Lilly's arm feeling her warmth caused her to blush. At being so close to someone she liked.

"She's so warm and soft" Kara thought.

Lilly started to lead the way and Kara followed next to her with the twins on either side of them.

"Haley, I'd like you to put on you cutest dress for me" Kara told her.

She looked over at Holly and smiled in return yet as she walked with everyone her bladder. Was starting to really fill up she started to walk a little slower. Every few steps she would slightly squirm around.

"That it? That's easy!" Haley replied to Kara's request. "I'll only be a minute once we get you to a room." Haley noticed Kara's movements but said nothing as she thought it might have been caused by the pain.

Holly saw how Kara was acting and thought of it to be something more than just the pain. She considered the possibilities and blushed at what she concluded was wrong with Kara. She was too embarrassed to ask her if it was true.

Lilly led the was to a room at the far end of the right hand side of the second floor. This was the best furnished guest room they had. She opened the doors and walked in with the group. She walked Kara over to the bed and placed her onto it. Throughout the walk, Lilly had felt Kara's movements, she concluded the same as Holly but she didn't want to ask Kara as she was hoping that something might come out of this...

Her heart beat a little faster than normal in anticipation.

Haley left the room once they were all inside and headed to the dressing room opposite her room. She searched through the clothes racks and found what she was looking for. She took off her current outfit and placed it on. She wasn't sure why Kara had asked for this specifically but she was bound by a deal and wasn't about to break it. She made her way back towards the guest room.

"Actually there is one more thing I'd like you to where one of your nappies for the rest of the half hour" Kara told her before she left the room to go get changed.

They were still walking slowly the need to be was becoming bad for her she was still squirming on the spot. But this time it was getting worse and worse with each step Kara took it sent a jolt to her bladder which seemed to fill up more. They soon came to a set of doors where Lilly opened them and was taken to a bed and placed upon it.

Sitting down Kara quickly crossed her legs together as tightly as she could.

"It's always the same I need to pee but am to embarrassed to ask" Kara thought.

She moved her legs apart briefly showing both Lilly and Holly her panties for a second before crossing her legs again.

Haley remembered the other request from Kara before she opened the door to the guest room. She sighed at the memory and quickly went back to her room to pick up a pair of her sleeping nappies. She went to take off her panties and then realized that she didn't have any on. She thought that she had unconsciously taken them off when getting changed out of habit. She slipped on the nappies and heard the crinkling they made. She blushed at the thought of what Kara wanted her to do while wearing these.

There must be a reason behind these seemingly random and unlinked requests. She quickly checked herself over in the mirror and noticed that the nappy didn't match the rest of her outfit. She wanted to correct this so she headed back to her dressing room and put on the pair of panties which came with the set over the nappy. She was a little sad as she wasn't able to feel the silky material the panties were made from. She went back to the dressing room, hearing the crinkle of her nappy with every step.

"I'm back." Haley called out as she entered the room. She showed Kara her outfit. It was a red and black Spanish señorita outfit made from a silky material. The base colour was red and the polka dots on it were black. She looked like a little ladybird. It was complete with a black bow in Haley's hair, black buckle shoes and red socks with a silky frill around the top of them. She did a little spin to show Kara the back of the outfit. The spin sent up her skirt and revealed her silky red panties and the waistband of her nappy. "Happy now?" She asked "I got this outfit when we went on holiday to Spain last year."

"I've got one, too. Except mine's a different colour." Holly added. "So has Lilly, but her's is a little...mature."

Lilly just bushed in response. "It was Father's choice, not mine." Lilly interjected.

She was still squirming on the spot her legs had parted again just a bit as she watched Haley. walk back into the room just seeing Haley in this outfit caused Kara to blush. "You look really cute" She told her she then saw the red silk panties and nappy Haley wore and blushed some more. She hoped around on the bed because her need to pee was really bad now. She tried to think of something else to pass the time between them.

"I'm sure both you girls would look just as cute as Haley does" Kara told the girls.

Both her hands were now pressed against her crotch slowly pushing against her girlhood through her skirt.

"I need to pee, I need to pee" Kara thought.

"Haley here is a took of my thanks" Kara added.

Closing her eyes Kara felt the clam wind in the room start to blow softly she used them as a means to gently lift Haley off the ground. With her eyes still closed she flew the young girl around the room much like how Haley had flown around in the fireball from before. Kara did her best to make the ride enjoyable for her doing her best not to have Haley brush against anything.

"Thanks!" Haley smiled. "That's why I asked for this outfit. I really liked the way it made me look like a ladybird. Ladybird's are so cute."

"Um, thanks..." Holly blushed at Kara's compliment.

"I think cute will be pushing the boundaries a little with mine..." Lilly admitted.

All three girls could now see the movements coming from Kara. Lilly and Haley said nothing, Holly was still embarrassed but she wanted to clarify something. She walked up to Kara when she saw that she was allowing Haley to fly around on the wind.

"I'm flying! I'm really flying!" Haley cried out in joy. "This is so fun!"

Gathering up the courage, Holly asked what she wanted.

"Um, Kara." She whispered to her. "Do you maybe need to...you know...pee?" Holly blushed some more.

'Well you look like areal bird now" Kara pointed out she flew Haley around the room doing flips and twists in the air. She was doing her best not to make it look like she needed to pee but it wasn't working. More fidgeting upon the bed with some light bouncing upon her rump.

"Maybe one day I could see you in it?" Kara asked to Lilly.

It seemed that Holly had caught on to this when she saw her walk over to her and then ask her a question about it.

"Um, yes really badly" Kara whispered back to Holly blushing as she did so.

"I want Holly to see me pee" Kara thought.

"There's a toilet just down the corridor. You'd better hurry or you'll hurt yourself." Holly told Kara, worry clear in her voice. "It'll be embarrassing if you have an accident here."

Lilly was too busy watching Haley and making sure that she was okay while flying around.

"She'll get you doing this all day if she had her way, you know." Lilly commented to Kara. The movements which Kara was doing made Lilly's heart beat a lot faster. She was now sure that Kara needed the toilet. She knew just by where Holly was standing that she had already told her where the toilets were. Lilly decided not to press the matter any more than Holly already had.

Haley was too caught up in the flying to even care what else was going on. She was laughing in delight at the movements she was doing in the air. She even attempted to do a loop while flying, but settled on rolling around in the air instead.

Hearing what Holly had to say she felt sad she wanted Holly to see her have one. But it seemed she was worried about her. Slowly getting up Kara started towards the doors by walking slowly to them making tiny footsteps as she walked across the floor.

"I'm making her happy that's all that matters" Kara told Lilly.

She walked past her and was pressing her hands into her skirt trying to keep the impending flood back. Kara sent Haley in a few loops around the room and a few more twists some of the wind caught Haley's skirt flashing everyone in the room below her.

"C-Can you come with me Lilly?" Kara asked.

"Sure. I'll lead you to it if you want." Lilly said as she followed Kara out of the room. "But first, I think you should put Haley down. As soon as you move out of range she'll fall down."

Holly just nodded as if to affirm Lilly's statement.

"Awww. I was just having fun!" Haley groaned as she felt the wind currents start to drop a little. The range was already being broken.

Kara followed behind Lilly as she walked out of the room who led the way towards the toilets. She put Haley gently back on the ground before having one last fun with her. She picked up Haley and and raced her around the room so fast before putting her back on the ground again.

"I could actually use the wind from anywhere but it does of less effects if I'm not around" Kara told her.

As they walked she suddenly stopped as the first tiny spurt of pee dampened her panties. Kara was now really worried.

"Haley's heavy enough to fall straight from the sky. She may not look it but all those sweets she eats really does pack somewhere inside her. She's got a small body but that is deceptive." Lilly added before they left the room.

Haley was still happy from the flying so she didn't care that Lilly had technically insulted her.

Holly was worried from a reading she got off Kara before she left. Holly saw another puddle on the floor, soaking into the carpeted hallway. She hoped this potential future wouldn't come true.

Lilly was slightly excited when Kara stopped. She knew that it must be hard for her to hold it back any more.

"Are you alright?" She asked, trying to seem more worried than excited.

Tiny spurts escaped her girlhood as they entered into her panties. She heard Lilly ask if she was alright. Blushing Kara shook her head from side to side saying that she wasn't.

"I'm not sure if I can make it" Kara told her.

She started walking again and tried to think back to Haley.

"Don't insult her like that what you said was mean" Kara added.

They soon reached with the bathroom was and Lilly opened the door. Kara quickly entered inside yet for a strange reason she didn't want to be alone. She turned to Lilly and asked while blushing a bit.

"C-Can you keep me company?"

"Bathrooms are private places! I can't do that!" Lilly answered while blushing heavily.

"Although I strangely want to..." Lilly thought.

"You're old enough to go by yourself." Lilly added.

Kara got her answer and entered into the bathrooms alone. She went over and sat upon the toilet she pulled her panties down first and let loose a stream of urine into the bowl. As she sat there she pictured Lilly standing and watching her squirming around herself in her own need to pee.

"I wanted her to see me" Kara thought.

Once she was done she flushed the toilet and walked back out to join Lilly.

Elsewhere.

It was soon nearly the approaching hour Kale's little plan was soon to go into effect. As Yukina made her way out of his office building and started walking along the sidewalks. She wondered just where she would meet up with Marie.

Lilly blushed as she heard the sound of Kara urinating into the toilet. She wondered why she still stood there an listened to it instead of plugging her ears. Despite her act of saying that she shouldn't be with her, Lilly really wanted to see the stream leave Kara's girlhood and land into the toilet.

Lilly waited as Kara rejoined her. She then went with Kara back to the guest room.

Marie was now ready for her arrangement with Kale, all she needed was Lilly. She called for a maid to inform Lilly of Marie's prior engagement and, in her own words, tell Lilly to "Get a move on and get ready. She's coming whether she wants to or not.". The maid complied to the demand and sought out Lilly. She checked her room and didn't find her there so she then went to where she heard the most noise, the guest room.

The maid entered the guest room after knocking and politely told Lilly what Marie wanted her to do.

"Sorry, Kara, it looks like Mother wants me to go somewhere with her. Holly, Haley, would you please see Kara out."

"Sure." They replied.

Lilly then left the guest room and went to her dressing room to get changed into her formal wear.

Once she was finished Kara left and joined Lilly in the hallway they started to make there way back towards. The guest room yet once they got there moments later Kara saw as the maid from before enter and talk with Lilly about something. She was soon told what is was and felt sad she didn't want this day to end.

"I enjoyed our time together" Kara told Lilly before she left the room she gave Lilly and big hug.

Then watched her leave the room the twins soon led Kara from the room towards the main area of the house.

"Girl's I had a fun time today I wanted this to keep going" Kara told them.

They reached the doors to the house and Kara turned around giving each girl a big hug and kiss on their foreheads. She left the house and started on her own way back home.

Lilly picked out her best clothes and underwear and placed them on her bed. She then went into the bath to quickly clean herself up before this seemingly important arrangement. Before entering the bath, Lilly first went to the toilet to ensure that there would be no interruptions in this meeting, she knew how her Mother would react if she asked to be excused to go to the toilet. Once finished, she wiped herself down, flushed the toilet and went to have her bath. The Sera bath was close to bordering on the size of a public swimming pool. It was huge. Lilly lazily cleaned herself up. This whole affair took around twenty minutes.

Once she was finished, she dried herself off and then went back to her room to get changed. Lilly first placed on a pair of silky golden coloured panties. She loved the feel of the material against her tender girlhood, not that she would want anyone to know. She put on a silk dark gold training bra, not that she really liked wearing it as there were practically nothing there for it to support, this made Lilly feel a little self conscious about her lacking bust. She then placed on a dark gold silk evening gown and a pair of matching dark gold high-heeled shoes, which she hated wearing. She combed her short white hair and then changed her usual hair-clip to that of a lily, her Mother said that this showed allegiance to the Sera family.

Once she was done, she shakily made her way down the stairs into the main hallway, stumbling a little as she tried to get used to high-heeled shoes again. She waited for her Mother to finish getting ready.

Yukina was busy making plans of her own as she stood upon the sidewalk. She knew just what was to come a main bridge connected one part of the city to the other. This crossed a large body of water the towns river this bridge was needed to be crossed to reach where Kale's house was and was. The only way to reach it Yukina spotted several men in black on the corner of the street standing next to a black limousine on the front of the car was the figure head. Over a silver raven which marked the car as one own by there family several other ravens were upon both sides of the car.

Walking over to them Yukina watched as one of the men opened the door letting her step inside. She soon entered the car and took a seat. One of the men leaned in and told her something into her ear.

"Master, Kale expects this mission to be carried out swiftly" He said.

Yukina nodded at this but said nothing to the man as he closed the door behind him. The car soon started and drove away from the curb the limo headed in the direction of where the bridge was.

Marie left her office wearing her usual Wine Red formal wear. She was wearing similar things to Lilly, except the colour was different and she wore a lacy black bra, which could just be seen under the neckline of her evening gown. She was also wearing deep crimson coloured lipstick and a whole ton of make-up. Lilly cringed at the sight. She thought her Mother looked like a femme-fatal from one of the movies which her Mother liked watching. The particular movie included a British Spy, or so Lilly could recall, she never really paid much attention to it.

"Well, I'm ready when you are." Lilly said to her Mother. Her Mother didn't even bother replying. She went to the front door and pressed her finger against the scanner. The doors opened soundlessly and Marie walked out. Lilly followed close behind.

Outside waited a long white limousine and a small collection of burly men. Marie walked onwards to the limo and the men followed behind. One of them opened a door at the back of the car and Marie climbed into the limo. Lilly followed after but she wasn't given the same treatment. She went to the other side of the car and entered from there.

"No talking when we are there. You utter a single word without being given permission to and I'll disown you." Marie coldly stated to Lilly, who just stayed silent and nodded in response.

Haley and Holly weren't so easily silenced, though. Once Lilly had left to get changed, they each put on their best clothes and got ready to go with her, secretly of course. Beforehand, both girls went to the toilet and afterwards quickly cleaned themselves up. Haley kept her señorita outfit on but removed the nappy and Holly placed her own one on as well, with the matching panties, vest and socks like Haley had. Holly's outfit was, instead of being black and red, black and dark blue. Before anyone else had even got ready, the secretly left the house and hid on the expansive boot of the limousine.

About 30 minutes later the Ravenclaw limo soon reached the bridge they drove over. To it and soon stopped in the middle of the large silver and grey bridge the bridge itself spanned. Two miles in each direction it was made of a strong white marble on each entrance were. Two large statues of gargoyles at each end of the bridge. As they stopped the car in the middle of the four laned road one of the men stepped out and walked over to the door. Opening it Yukina stepped out and walked into the fresh night air.

Looking over at each of the men who were now standing next to the limo.

"You know what to do" She told them.

Each of the men began to chant a small clear aura appeared around each of them. They placed their hands out forward the aura left their bodies and started to form a large box. The box began to expand in size and shape until it covered the entire bridge every other person and car upon. This bridge were gone leaving Yukina the limo and the others alone.

When Marie's car entered this area they would be transported into the area where Yukina was waiting for her.

The limo drove on. The ride went by in silence. Lilly played with her phone and checked her social networking feeds. Nothing important were on them, just some random videos of cats doing crazy things and attention seekers looking for someone to talk to.

Holly and Haley were bounced around in the back of the limo but they stayed quiet, they didn't want to give themselves away, not just yet.

"Ow! Get your foot out of my ribs!" Haley quietly, but angrily, said.

"Sorry. Could you get your panties out of my face?" Holly retaliated equally as quietly.

"I would if I could!" Haley answered.

"Actually...eek!" Holly quietly screamed. "You've taken your panties off again?!"

"No I didn't! They were pulled off with your movements!" Haley retorted.

The squabbling in the boot continued, the sound drowned out by the noises of the night.

As soon as they arrived at the bridge, Lilly, Holly and Haley all felt the magical aura around it. Lilly didn't recognize the magical signature. Some other empowered one must be in this town. Lilly prepared herself as they entered the magical field.

The limo soon entered into the magical area Yukina felt this happen within moments Marie. Would soon arrive as she stood there a swirl of water rose up from the river and engulfed her body. With it's magical power soon As the water vanished Yukina's clothes had changed.

She wears a black and blue, high-collared halter top, two pink, intersecting belts over her chest, and black shorts. On Yukina's arms are white bell-sleeves and tan, fingerless gloves. She also wears a small, segmented piece of armor on each of her upper arms. She wears what appear to be black stockings or socks on her legs which reach to about halfway up her thighs, leaving a small area of bare skin on her upper thighs. Yukina also bears two strips of blue cloth that drape over either side of her hips, along with a smaller, white strip of cloth tied around her waist, draped in the same manner. Finally, she wears pointed, armored, silver boots with a sharp "hook" on the outer side of each.

As saw saw the approaching head light's of Marie's limo a smile formed. "Cascada" Yukina shouted she launches a rushing surge of water at her towards the limo.

Lilly felt the surge of magic as they entered the binding field. Predicting an attack, she used some of her magic to put her Mother and the people inside the limo to sleep.

"Hearthfire." Lilly quietly intoned. The desired effect had happened and everyone was asleep. Well, everyone that Lilly knew about was. Lily quickly let her magic free and she changed into her battle outfit,

"Much better. I can move around without stumbling in those things." Lilly quietly said to herself as she got out of the limo.

A huge jet of water shot towards it. Lilly only just managed to erect a firewall big enough to evaporate the water and protect the Limo.

"Show yourself!" Lilly shouted out. "Quit hiding behind the water."

"It's making me want to pee again..." Lilly quietly added onto the end as she could feel it causing her bladder a little unrest.

Holly and Haley weren't sure what was happening now. They knew they entered something strange but they didn't know what. They could hear Lilly shouting something to someone, or something. Haley wanted to leave and check it out but Holly stopped her.

"We can't just go out blindly. We need to know just what Lilly's up against first." Holly quietly said to Haley, who just nodded in reply.

Watching as her attack had little to no effect once a large firewall appeared around the limo. Yukina walked forward she soon spotted another figure upon the bridge. 'Ah, so your the other one I was told about before. You seem different than the wind user" Yukina told her.

Again more torrents of water shot up from the river and began to swirl around her body. "I had thought Marie would be hear alone but I guess I was wrong" Yukina added in. She walked forward some more and just smiled.

"He never had any plans of joining with that bitch he only wanted her out in the open so she would be taken out" Yukina told her with a laugh she then kneeled on the ground'

"Astora" Kneeling, ice spins around Yukina. From which the water around her changed into. This builds up until the Yukina releases the spell as the ice would ram into Lily like an avalanche.

"What about me seems different?" Lilly answered defiantly.

Lilly then started to channel the magic in her body into an aura of white fire, which she'll soon shape into something more potent. More water shot up and Lilly could feel the effects of the sight and the sound of the water in her bladder. It started to fill up, causing Lilly to fidget on the spot. She quickly stopped this, she didn't want her opponent to think that she is weak.

"I think, by the code of conduct I'm bound by, introductions are in order before we slaughter each other." Lilly said. "My name is Lilly. My title is Shiroi Hono, 'White Flame' if you want it in a langue we both might understand." She finished as the aura around her condensed into a white flame barrier.

"How deluded might you be to think than an affluent person, like the head of the Sera family, would ever travel at night alone? They wouldn't even do it in the day!" Lilly shot back with a laugh.

"On the flip side, neither did my Mother." Lilly answered as the white flames around her started to swirl around in a circular motion. "But her way of destroying the Ravenclaw family was through more humane means, unlike your twisted boss, you lackey!"

The flames circling Lilly condensed into a large beam.

"Flame Tempest!" Lilly called out. The beam of fire started to move towards her opponent in a spiraling motion, melting any ice which was coming at Lilly from anywhere in a cone shape from Lilly's current location towards her foe.

"Your a flame user while she was a wind user" Yukina answered back to her.

Yukina noticed that Lilly fidgeted around and smiled at this she said nothing on it. Just knowing what to do would make it work more torrents of water shot up from the river. She listened to what Lilly had to say to her about names.

"My name is Yukina, My title is Amaya, "Night Rain" if you wanna know" Yukina told her.

She said nothing at what Lilly told her she guessed that Kale was wrong on that front. "Ah, but it was the Ravenclaw family who wanted this to happen". Yukina added.

Watching as the flames formed a swirling pattern around her. Lilly then sent them in the form of a spiraling beam at her. It seemed to melt away her ice Yukina quickly summoned up a wall of water to block the beam it slammed into the water. Destroying some of it parts of the flame struck Yukina's body causing her to scream in pain.

"Permafrost, construct a frozen coffin and deliver eternal sleep unto this beast Eternal Coffin" Yukina called out. When casting this spell, Yukina would spread out her arms to over as much area as possible. Snow and ice would then blow out of the area slowly weakening the enemy, and finally freeze the enemy.

Hearing the fact that the Ravenclaws had a part in this, her mind shot back to Kara.

"She wouldn't have a part in this, would she? No! What am I thinking?!" Lilly thought.

More water...

Lilly was really starting to regret picking a fight with this particular water user. She's always been weak to water, not just because of her fire nature. Water has always reminded her of toilet use, that's why she always tends to start to need to use one whenever she's near a lot of water, especially if it is moving. Her bladder was filling up faster and she started to feel it cause her abdomen a little pain.

"Focus on the fight, not the water. Focus on the fight, not the water..." She thought to herself in an attempt at taking her mind off of things. It was harder than it sounded as water is what has been being aimed at her.

She only just noticed, despite her need, that she had hit with the first strike, although it was no more than a glancing blow. She started to get a little complacent again. She quickly summoned her dual daggers and ran towards Yukina with cat-like grace. She didn't notice the ice beginning to form on the floor. she inadvertently slipped on it and landed on her backside.

"I'm prone now! I need to get up, fast!" Lilly thought to herself as she started to lift herself up. The air around her turned cold. This further added to her need, cold places always made her need the toilet as well. "Why did it have to be water and ice...?"

Yukina watched as the area around her start to get covered in ice and freeze the ground. Seeing as how Lilly ran towards her she laughed when she fell to the ground in sheer delight. this gave her the means to attack the prone Lilly. Moving her hands around she began to summon the water of the river beneath her soon the bridge started to shake. As two large torrents of water began to form around her.

With the water spinning around her Yukina started to walk forward. The water seemed to follow behind her she stopped and pointed at Lilly. The first large water torrent shot at Lilly's chest Yukina hoped that if this attack struck her she'd be hurt enough to have an accident. Remembering back to seeing her earlier fidgeting.

The second wall of water stayed around Yukina acting as a shield just in case. Lilly tried to attack her with anything with her free hand. Yukina pulled her sword from it's sheath. Mistdancer was a blade that was forged for Yukina alone. The sword contains every type of water magic. The sword itself was crafted using ancient water magic and metal. The blade itself is completely blue in color with green runes upon the blade. The hilt of the blade, like most others, is made out of some type of blue crystal, but it has some type of emblem in the middle of the hilt; this emblem looks somewhat like a dragon head.

Seeing the water jet heading at her, Lilly quickly attempted to back-flip away from her current position. That concentrated water would hurt quite a bit if it hit and it may cause other terrible things to happen. She only just managed to move away when she slipped and fell on her front this time. A small spurt of warm fluid left her girlhood and dampened the bottom of her leotard outfit.

"No! Nononononono!" Lilly thought as she quickly pushed herself up. A small wet spot could be seen on the front of her leotard outfit now. Her need was becoming more and more worse with every water attack that came at her. She couldn't take much more. She'll lose the endurance phase if it keeps up. If her need got more worse than it already was she might not even be able to cast any magic.

"Blazing aura!" Lilly cast on herself. A large white fire shield seemed to form around her. This shield will both protect her from the cold of the Permafrost and it would also offer some protection from weak water attacks and any melee attempt. She late regretted casting it as another spurt escaped her, further dampening her leotard outfit, creating a slightly bigger wet spot. Lilly blushed profusely and quickly but carefully ran to the right of Yukina.

"She's going to laugh at me, I know she is!" Lilly thought while blushing.

Watching Lilly do a back-flip or at least tried to she saw her avoid the attack. But slipped and fell on the ice again she could see a small wet spot form on Lilly's leotard she said nothing but laughed aloud at this.

"Lilly can't control your bladder maybe this will help" Yukina taunted.

She sent the other wall of water right at Lilly whom was running right at her. Seeing Lilly blushing she laughed again.

'Is all this water making your panties wet, does rain, rivers, lakes, oceans, ice and water also effect this?" Yukina asked.

She started to back away making some distance between the two.

'What about your peach is it wet as well does this make you feel naughty?" Yukina laughed.

"S-stop it!" Lilly groaned back as she ran along. Her blush became a little more worse.

All the mentions of things which Lilly associated with toilet use made her momentarily stop in her tracks and quickly grab at her crotch. She didn't care that she was in the middle of a fight, she wasn't about to embarrass herself by losing control of, not only the flow of battle, but also her own personal flow.

"I mean it! You're mean!" Lilly shot back as she squeezed tightly on her girlhood, trying to hold back the impending flood. Speaking of floods, there was one coming at her right now. Wait, WHAT?! A flood coming at her now?! She knew that if she moved she'll let out some more urine and if she stayed still she'll get beaten up pretty badly by the water and also fully lose control of her own bladder. She though the former was the better of choices. She nimbly dived to the side and flipped in the air to land right next to Yukina.

She was about to strike the potentially dazed Yukina when she felt a large spurt leave her girlhood. It dripped through her leotard outfit and feel onto the floor, melting a little of the ice right beneath Lilly. Both her hands quickly shot down to her girlhood to stop the flow.

"D-Don't look!" She shouted at Yukina while blushing a whole lot more.

Yukina saw as Lilly grabbed her crotch she still ran along but slower than before.

"Is your poor bladder swelling beyond what you can control are your panties getting soaked?" Yukina asked Lilly,

She saw what Lilly was doing and only smiled at her she watched as Lilly did a flip and land next to her. She meant to attack her but grabbed her crotch again as she saw the little spot grow larger.

"Go, ahead wet yourself here let me help you" Yukina said.

She brought forth more water from the river around her. As she neared Lilly she took her hand and grabbed hold of Lilly's arms and through them above her head letting go she ran her finger's long Lilly's peach through her leotard finding what she wanted Yukina started to tease her peehole with her fingers. She pinched Lilly's urethra really hard and then pull upwards on her leotard in the hopes of stimulating her bladder.

"N-no! Stop it! I'm gonna..." Lilly cried out as Yukina teased her bladder some more with the water. She squeezed against her crotch a lot harder. Her knuckles were turning white with effort and her body was shaking. As soon as Yukina moved Lilly's hands away from her hold, she knew she would lose complete control soon. This was accelerated by Yukina's now rubbing fingers.

That was it. The last straw. Lilly let out a stifled cry and her floodgates opened, adding to the water already going around the place. Warm clear liquid trickled down her legs for the sides of her leotard. The material it was made from couldn't hold any more urine after a while so it started to fall through the material and land on the floor in a rain-like sound.

"N-no. Not here... no..." Lilly sobbed out as tears started to fall down her face. Lilly's waterfall continued to fall to the ground beneath her. Her outfit was soaked at the crotch area and she had momentarily lost all will to fight. The waterfall soon died down to a stream and then a trickle.

"You're really mean! You're probably the worst opponent I've ever faced! That's a dirty trick, picking on a girl who's weak to water in more ways than one!" Lilly lectured Yukina while crying as she fell to the floor in embarrassment and disgrace.

Yukina only laughed as she kept up what she was doing to Lilly pulling her leotard across her peach. Wanting Lilly to fully wet herself in front of her once the floodgates opened. And the material darkened Yukina just thrilled at this. She again moved her fingers across Lilly's peach she wanted her bladder to be full again she wanted more of this she summoned more water around her.

Hoping it would fill her bladder again there was a trick she could use to make it. Happen but didn't use it since it would be cheated in control the water in a person. With her hand soaked in Lilly's urine she wet bad to rubbing Lilly's peach through her leotard she tried again to stimulate her peehole.

'How do I know you didn't enjoy this look at this your peach is wet you did enjoy this" Yukina taunted she brought her hand away and showed Lilly her clear sticky fingers covered it clear fluid. Her hand wet back to Lilly's crotch again pulling up hard on the leotard again going against her peehole.

"But I still think you enjoyed this why not pee again?" Yukina asked.

Lilly felt both violated and humiliated. She couldn't bring herself to fight this opponent.

"How could you..." Lilly managed to say before fully breaking down into floods of tears as Yukina continued her water torture and physical torture.

Back in the boot of the Limo, Holly and Haley were listening to the whole fight. Haley couldn't help but laugh at what happened to Lilly, this resulted in a swift kick from Holly.

"We have to help her!" Holly told Haley.

"How? You're just as bad as Lilly when it comes to water!" Haley retorted.

"I don't know. We need to re-invigorate Lilly's fighting spirit." Holly suggested.

"Like overwrite her embarrassment by a stronger urge?" Haley asked.

"Yes, that." Holly answered. "If she has a reason to fight again then maybe she'll get back to her old self."

"Should we go out there? Lilly will want to protect us, wouldn't she?" Haley replied.

"I think we should." Holly finished as she started to move her hand to find the latch on the boot. Holly's hand touched something both warm, soft and...able to move?

"Get your hand off there!" Haley shouted. "Don't violate me!"

Holly blushed when she realized what she had touched. "Maybe if you wore panties that wouldn't happen!" Holly shot back.

"I already told you what happened!" Haley shouted back to Holly.

After a short while, they both fell out of the boot and onto the cold hard floor.

"How could I, how could I because I can look at yourself" Yukina told her. She grabbed hold of the crotch piece of Lilly's leotard and pulled with all her strength feeling the fabric ripping away from Lilly's clothes. She dropped the piece to the ground she touched Lilly's peach with her fingers feeling out wet they were from her pee and pleasure juices.

'Your weak and you know it, your bladder has always been weak like now" Yukina added.

She used her fingers to tease Lilly's urethra and was rewarded with another tiny spurt of pee landed upon her hand. "See you'll always wet yourself from now on when ever your with friends or family you will always wet yourself, how about I call you Lilly-Spilly" She taunted.

'Hey look everyone it's Lilly-Spilly she's going to release her bladder now come on Lilly-Spilly go ahead show everyone your piss!" Yukina demanded.

She leaned down and stuck her fingers fully into Lilly's peach.

"Come on Lilly-Spilly wet yourself, pee yourself, pleasure yourself here" Yukina added.

She reached over and took hold of Lilly's hand and started with a rubbing motion upon her peach. Trying to start getting Lilly to pleasure herself before her.

She was about to say more when she heard a thud turning she looked over at the limo.

'Seems someone else is here" Yukina thought.

Lilly couldn't do a thing, she was powerless. She just withstood the torture put upon her by Yukina. Her crying increased when Yukina forced her to rub against her own girlhood.

"It's freezing out here!" Haley stated as she shivered from the cold.

"Y-yeah." Holly replied while doing the same.

"Wait, if we're going to do that we're a little lacking in things for it. We don't match." Haley added. "I just wish your outfit looked like mine."

As soon as Haley said that, Holly's outfit seemed to change from black and blue to black and red. Both just stared in amazement at this.

"Well, that was convenient. If a little weird." Haley stated. "Perfect. Let's go!"

Both twins joined hands and walked towards the woman standing over Lilly.

"Hey, Water Witch! Look over here!" Haley shouted out.

Yukina heard voices coming from afar she turned back and looked down at Lilly. "Keep pleasuring yourself" Yukina demanded as she turned away from her and started back to the limo. She then saw the twins she wasn't sure how these two other girl's had gotten within her barrier. But it didn't matter she'd take care of them to.

"Just what do we have here?" Yukina asked.

Several more torrents of water had began to form around her body. They swirled and moved yet acted as a shield she wasn't sure just what kinds of powers these. Girls had she wanted to keep some distance between the three of them.

Ravenclaw Estate

Several miles away from where the battle was happening Kara had finally returned home. After leaving the Sera house as she landed in the open court yard in front of her house. Which was surrounded by giant pine trees on either sides. On both the left and right side of the house were two large black statues of ravens both with their wings spread wide. In the center stood another statue this one of several small ravens surrounding a fountain. The house itself was built in a Gothic style it was two stories and made out of black and white marble. Several of the windows were stained glass featuring various images of scenes from the war in heaven.

Kara started to slowly walk up to the house she missed spending time with both Lilly and the twins. She wondered if she would be able to see them again soon.

Lilly was in no position to argue, she just did as she was told and continued to rub at her exposed flower.

"How about..."

"...we play..."

"... a game?" The twins said, taking turns of who was speaking.

"If you win..."

"...we'll tell you..."

"...Lilly's biggest weakness." They suggested.

She listened to what the girl's had to say to her she looked over at Lilly who was lightly. Pleasuring herself she thought of a way to further torture her "Lunatic Fervor" Yukina called out she placed a hand onto Lilly's forehead, This spell creates a raging storm of chaotic emotions and thoughts to spiral like a whirlpool in the target's mind, bringing all but the most serious of mind to madness and insanity

She turned her attention back towards the twins.

"So, what sort of game do you have in mind?" Yukina asked.

Under any normal circumstances, Lilly would have been immune to the spell which Yukina had cast on her. Today, she was a little more prone. Instead of driving her to madness, the spell had a different effect on Lilly. The spell made her start to enjoy the situation she had been put in, she loved sitting in the puddle of her own making and rubbing away at her tender flower. She started to rub a little faster.

"Can you guess..."

"...which of us..."

"...called out to..."

"...you first?" The twins chorused, taking turns speaking and occasionally swapping standing positions.

"Was it me?" One twin asked, the one on the right.

"Or was it me?" The second twin asked, the one on the left.

Yukina listened to each of the twins speak she started to think of what was said to her. She wasn't really sure just which twin it was who called out to her first. Her gaze traveled to the left and the right.

"Is it the one on the left?" Yukina asked.

She had a feeling that'd she'd lose this game she wanted to know Lilly's weakness but the thought of. Torturing these two girls was something she also wanted to do.

"Wrong answer. Try again." The twins said in unison as they moved around again to further confuse Yukina.

Meanwhile, Lilly was lost in the folds of the Lunatic Fervour spell. Her real consciousness had been pushed aside while the spell entered her mind. Now it was trying to fight against it. She managed to get a little more grip on her own sanity and the effect of the spell faded a little. She had now stopped rubbing against her flower but she still somehow liked sitting in her own puddle. Her mind tried again and she managed to now realize just what was happening. She was now conscious of the spell's effects in her mind. This little realization should help with her return to sanity,

It seemed she had gotten the answer wrong watching as both twins moved around again. In a means to confuse her "I'll pick the one on the left again" Yukina had a feeling she'd be wrong again she looked over at Lilly who seemed to have stopped pleasuring herself. She walked over to her and leaned down next to her.

"Who, told you to stop" Yukina snapped at her.

With her sword in hand she placed the tip of it against the front of Lilly's leotard. Slowly she started to bring it down hoping to cut through the material.

Lilly had now pushed nearly the whole spell's effect out of her mind. She was now conscious again, and seething with rage. She still acted like she was under its effects to not arouse any suspicion. She saw Yukina walk towards her and she noticed the twins behind her swapping their standing positions. She silently thanked the twins for the momentary distraction before finally wondering why they were here.

Once Yukina reached her, she said demanded something and began to try and cut her outfit open. Lilly focused her magic and created a huge spear of fire behind Yukina.

"I did." Lilly stated. "Flaemberg!" Lilly shouted out.

The spear of fire behind Yukina shot down towards her in an attempt at impaling her. Should the spear miss, Lilly readied herself to back-flip away from its area of effect.

The tip of her sword had cut open only a small part of Lilly's leotard just enough to reveal the top part. Of her breasts she was unaware of the huge flame spear being formed behind her. She then heard Lily shout out something only to feel the flame spear impale itself into her back.

Staggering backwards Yukina backed away from Lilly who moved by doing a back-flip. Fresh red blood splattered onto the ground behind her as her whole body burned in pain. "D-Damn you" Yukina snapped. She thought back and it seemed Lilly had tricked her some how she didn't know how but this angered her.

"Crystal Billow" Yukina yelled in rage torrents of water exploded up from the river. The water started to turn into shimmering crystalline structures that shoots against her enemies. Next Yukina went through with another attack after using some magic to get rid of the flame spear in her back.

"Araia" Yukina shouted this spell creates spikes of ice which she uses to shoot at enemies. When casting this spell, her sword would glow as the ice spikes appear around her. Upon her command, they fly out towards the target. When Yukina sent flying at Lilly.

Lilly looked at Yukina's staggering body while she flipped out of the way. She noticed that Yukina had also created more water and ice spears This had no effect on Lilly now as she had already emptied herself once because of it. Her bladder was now empty, allowing her to fight at full strength.

"Not going to work!" She shouted back at Yukina. "Flame Burst!" Lilly shouted.

A large cone of fire appeared in front of her, burning away any ice being fired from her front, and shot towards Yukina at full speed.

"Fire will always melt ice!" Lilly shouted back at the joke of an ice attack Yukina did to her.

The twins, noticing that Lilly was now in fighting shape, returned to the safety of the limousine's boot and waited for the battle to be over. They knew they'll get a scolding from Lilly but they wanted to help as much as they could.

"Yet, waters puts out fire!" Yukina shouted back a large torrent of swirling water formed around her, Forming a orb around her as the fire crashed into her shield. Steam rose into the air as the last of the fire was washed away from her the water died down and Yukina could be seen again.

"Water Dragons" Yukina said the remaining water is shaped into dragons and these can be simply destroyed by slashing them. Yukina sent them at Lilly this spell is useless but it helps Yukina so she can make a much powerful spell to attack her enemies.

Yukina began to chant now as she knew what to do next, She enchants this using these words "You who crosses between sky and earth, gently flowing water, gather in my hand and give me thy power rain " First small droplets of water rain down from the sky after each minute it gets heavier and heavier until it would become a vicious storm like weather.

As it started to rain across the battlefield Yukina knew just what attack to try next. It was a combo attack to her last one "Oh heavenly rain waiting upon the heavens tear thy sky and open them wide, make it Freeze" Yukina added the droplets become large shards of ice and it becomes a blizzard or a hail like situation where in every shard is directly focused on the opponent. It is difficult to avoid.

Yukina dropped to one knee her body still ached and she was losing power.

Lilly gasped as Yukina evaporated her attack. She quickly drew her daggers and slashed at the water dragons coming towards her. The water they were made from splattered against her and made her outfit a little damp.

The weather turned to rain and then hail. Lilly knew what she'd do.

"Blazing Aura!"

The fire shield appeared around Lilly again and melted away the hail stones, all she had to deal with now was the poor visibility. She changed her daggers into her shortbow and readied an arrow. She focused her power into the arrow and its size grew until it was the size of a javelin.

"Piercing Line!" Lilly cast as she fired the arrow. It shot straight towards where Yukina was and, maybe, still is. Lilly hoped that this attack connected as she was starting to get annoyed at all the water as it made her feel like she needed to use the toilet again.

Again it seemed that her latest attacks had little to no effect on Lilly. With the rain giving her poor visibility With the remaining power Yukina had she decided to get serious with Lilly. Using some magic her clothes began to change her clothes were torn from her body as a new set took it's place.

This revealing green armor, complete with bluish portions, has its appearance modeled after different sea creatures. The breastplate, which barely covers Yukina’s breasts, somewhat resembles seaweed, and has some thin chains hanging from it over Yukina’s exposed parts, with a pair siding her breasts and another the belly; a fifth chain is visible around her neck, which is guarded by the large collar. The breastplate is linked to the pauldrons, composed of green plates and decorated by prominent fin-like ornaments.

The gauntlets cover only Yukina’s forearms, leaving her biceps exposed, and possess decorated elbow guards with prominent ornaments jutting out in whirl shapes, reminiscent of seashells. The armor lacks a waist guard; instead, Yukina is geared with a dark bikini, and a long cloth, with its edges yet again reminiscent of fins, circles her waist on the back and the sides, being connected to the shorts by a pair of fasteners shaped like sea stars.

The greaves possess fin-shaped protrusions in correspondence to Yukina’s ankles, and extend up to her knees, with her thighs being instead covered by jagged parts made of cloth. The outfit is completed by a headgear, with a large metal part covering her forehead, bearing a whirl-shaped wave on it, and large fin-shaped protrusions siding her head.

An arrow came flying right at her Yukina brought her arms up and the arrow slammed into her. Knocking her to the ground she fell hard on her butt quickly getting back to her feet. "Water Nebula" Yukina cast two waves of water rush up from the river and hopefully blasts Lilly into the air with tremendous force.

Lilly wasn't sure if her attack connected. She heard the clash of her arrow against some kind of armour. She was about to go for another shot when she was blasted into the air by a jet of cold water. She screamed as the force of the water crashed against her exposed tender flower.

"Cold cold COLD!" Lilly screamed out as she was shot into the air. This new vantage point allowed her to see her foe. She quickly changed her bow into a huge Hand-and-a-half sword, which she normally couldn't wield, and threw herself to just above Yukina.

"You'll pay for attacking my tender parts with that!" She shouted at Yukina as she descended.

From Yukina's view, she could probably see Lilly's girlhood in full view.

Having a perfect view of Lilly's exposed girlhood Yukina smiled she decided on a small method of attack. She shot tiny spurts of water at Lilly's girlhood hoping if they struck it they could some how mange to enter into Lilly's urethra and fill her bladder. This water was rather easy to avoid but there was alot of them.

"It's your fault for flashing me" Yukina taunted Lilly.

She jumped backwards to avoid the sword as it slammed down into the bridge. Yukina did avoid most of it but felt the tip of the sword cut a large gash into her exposed chest, "Water Funnel" Yukina cast a funnel of water is made and then sucks the target. The target then is shot out of the other end (which is the top) hopefully crashing down to the bottom.

"Is the water treating you well do you need to pee again?" Yukina asked.

"This is getting tiresome! Why won't you give up!" Lilly exclaimed as she pulled her sword out of the bridge. Afterwards, she changed it back to her bow.

She was then sucked into a water plume and sent flying again.

"Quit it!" Lilly shouted back down as she fired an arrow at Yukina's position before landing gracefully on her feet.

The water was starting to affect Lilly again but she didn't care. She was beyond caring as she had already been humiliated once. If worse came to worst, she could just let it out as her Leotard was ripped and her girlhood was exposed. No harm would be done then.

"You know why I'm here I would leave until she is dead" Yukina snapped.

She brought her sword up and swung it across striking the arrow aimed at her. Knocking it to the side she now turned her attention to the car.

The water around them from the rain started to fall even harder Yukina moved her sword arm. And brought the water in a slamming down motion at the top of the limo. She then turned back at Lilly.

"Why should I, I already know what you want to do so do it bitch!" Yukina snapped in rage.

Before the water could make contact with the Limo, Lilly put a large firewall around and above the limo, evaporating any water which was about to strike it.

"I won't let that happen!" Lilly shouted back as she used the momentary lapse of attention to try and get a lucky shot in. "Run back to your master with your tail between your legs like the dog you are!"

Yukina screamed in rage and looked at Lilly with a look of hatred. 'Why not just pee and pleasure yourself again I know all this water is making your poor bladder ache like crazy" Yukina shouted back.

More and more rain began to fall upon the area it seemed now that all the water was starting to fall on Lilly.

"If it'll make you leave, then fine!" Lilly shouted back as she started to squirm around under the rainfall.

She kept the fire shield around the limo in hopes that this little thing would be enough to get this annoying water user away from her so she can think straight again. She only agreed to it as she was still slightly under the effects of the Lunatic Fervour.

Yukina just laughed as more water was send at the limo once again. She looked back at the squirming Lilly.

"if you think that will truly make me leave your wrong" Yukina pointed out. She jumped into the torrent of water and appeared behind one that was behind where Lilly stood. She brought her sword down at Lilly's leotard again hoping to cut through it.

"I want to see you broken before me, I want you wetting yourself crying in sheer embarrassment. As you pleasure yourself to a massive orgasm" Yukin shouted.

Lilly thought it wouldn't be that easy.

She managed to just avoid Yukina's surprise attack but it still managed to cut open the back of her half blazer a little.

"Pee on her!" A voice in Lilly's head screamed. She was surprised at this but she was still taken by the overwhelming urge of the spell still in effect.

Lilly jumped back and dived towards Yukina only to blink out of view in a wall of white fire and appear above her head. Something was a little off, though. Instead of falling down onto Yukina, Lilly was on a platform made out of white fire.

"Huh?" Lilly's surprised face looked at the platform she was on. "When was I able to do this?"

Spell learned: Flame Platform!

Falling for the urge of the spell, Lilly placed her exposed flower of the edge of the platform and let her warm, clear fluids go all over Yukina.

"Why am I doing this?!" Lilly screamed in her mind.

A wave of fire was shot into the surprised Yukina's face blinded from seeing in front of her. Yukina staggered backwards she then felt clear fluids fall all over her. Coughing Yukina looked up and saw Lilly shooting it at her.

"How dare you!" Yukina screamed she reached up and grabbed hold of Lilly pulling her. Down from the ledge she watched as Lilly landed hard on her butt. She reached down and grabbed some of the hair above Lilly's peach and pulled on it hard pulling out some hair.

She walked behind Lilly and grabbed both her arms to try and hold her down. With her other hand she tried to grab hold of Lilly's stomach and push down onto it hard.

"Hey! What giv- ow!" Lilly shouted as she was pulled down from the platform and onto the floor.

"It must have been your stupid spell! I didn't want to do that!" Lilly shouted out as a huge blush fell over her face.

"Stop push- owowow!" Lilly started as her warm clear liquid was forced out of her by Yukina.

This time Yukina didn't care she kept pushing down upon Lilly's stomach. "You think this is funny!" Yukina yelled. As she tried to slap Lilly across the face with her free hand. "Forever you'll be changed after tonight let's try this" Yukina placed her free hand near Lilly's urethra and began to try and shot water inside of her. I hopes of filling her bladder up if she wanted to Lilly could get away.

She leaned down next to Lilly and whispered in her ear. "Lilly-Spilly, Lilly-Spilly" Yukina taunted her.

"That's IT!" Lilly screamed out. A burst of flame surrounded the area she was in reaching out to a 10 foot radius. White fire cloaked her body and her iris's were pure white flames.

"I've had enough! I'm sick of you torturing me!" Lilly shouted at Yukina. "Say what you want, I'm not listening!"

Lilly seemed to float up into the air on the thermal currents of her blazing fire cloak. She floated up to about 5 feet into the air. She raised her right hand and then her left. A huge ball of fire was being formed in her hands and it grew in size ever second.

"JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!" Lilly screamed out. "DISINTEGRATION!"

The huge ball of fire shot down towards Yukina. The flame ball's size was a good 5 feet in all directions. Yukina could avoid this, but the shock impact would probably cause the ground to shake quite violently.

Lilly seemed to float up into the air and Yukina let go of her she felt the belt up in power. And started to back away from Lilly seeing the huge fireball forming in her hand. "Not good" Yukina thought as the huge fireball slammed into her the ball sent Yukina flying she slammed hard. Into the guard rail and was sent flying over it. Landing in the water with a plash the barrier around them shattered to pieces. As the men in black got into the limo and drove away.

Ravenclaw Manor

Once Kara walked through the doors to her house her father was there to greet her. "I don't even wanna know where you've been now hurry up and go get changed we have guests coming over" Kale told her. Pushing Kara forward towards the stairs.

Lilly was panting with both rage and exertion when she saw Yukina fly over the guard rail.

"And don't ever come back!" She shouted in the direction Yukina flew.

A huge indent in the road was left where the fireball hit. Lilly slowly descended down to the ground and her battle outfit changed back to her pristine formal wear.

Lilly went over to the Limo and opened the boot. She then glared at the twins. who meekly smiled back.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?!" Lilly snapped at them. "You could have been seriously hurt!"

"We're sorry." They replied.

"Get in the car." was Lilly's answer.

Kara soon began to walk up the grand stair case of her home. It was made out of white and black stone marble the hand grips were gold. A large chandler was in the middle of the ceiling Kara walked down the small red carpet and walked five doors down, Until she made it to her room upon entering. There was a large queen sized bed that sat in the middle of the room. Two night stands were located on either side. To the left was a small desk with a laptop upon it which sat open. Next to the desk were a large bookshelf which was filled neatly with many books. Over on the right hand side of the room. Was a tv stand with a small flat screen tv upon it and various animes neatly sitting on the shelf below it.

Kara walked over to her closet and started looking for her formal wear she soon found what she was looking for. Alfred Angelo dress (white) with plum organza sash; back button closure. She walked back outside and laid the dress upon the bed. Walking back into the closet Kara found a silver silk training bra and a pair of silver frilly panties walking back out of the room. She placed these onto the bed and started to get changed into them along with her dress.

Kale meanwhile was now wearing a pure black evening wear formal suit. He made his way into the main dining room as he walked into the room. He saw a large white marble dinner table to the left and right of the table were statues of little ravens. Behind them were small fountains shooting water into the air. One of the maids soon placed a crystal raven ice statue upon the table. Kale walked around the room.

'Perfect" He said.

Kara had finished dressing herself though one of the maids helped her button up the back of her dress. She combed out Kara's pink hair and then placed a small pink rose in her hair. Looking at herself in the mirror Kara blushed she looked really pretty. Yet as she got up she felt the need to go to the bathroom but pushed it from her mind. Soon her father's guests would arrive and if she was late she'd get into trouble. Making her way out of the room Kara headed down stairs and waited in the main hallway.

After many arguments between Lilly, Marie and the twins, the limo set off again to cover the last distance to the Ravenclaw residence. Lilly felt a little nervous as she wasn't sure what to expect. Her mind was still a little hazy from the effects of Yukina's spell. She just hoped she wouldn't have any crazy episodes at the dinner party.

Lilly fidgeted from nervousness throughout the rest of the ride. The limo stopped outside the huge double gates and Marie was ushered out of the car to press the buzzer to be let in.

"It's Marie Sera, I'm here for the appointed meeting." She said into the intercom. She then waited for the gates to open.

Meanwhile, back in the limo, Lilly was starting to feel the first signs of bladder unrest.

"No. Please no. Not here, please!" She cried out in her mind.

"Please follow the main road someone shall be greet you outside" The voice replied to Marie. The double gates opened at Marie's request.

Kale returned to Kara and told her to be outside to greet their guests. As he remained in the hallway talking to several of the maids about tonight's events. Kara nodded her head and slowly walked outside she was still feeling the first signs of bladder unrest herself.

As she walked out the doors and stood outside Kara hoped from one foot to the other. She really hoped that she wouldn't have any sort of accident here. Or even at the party yet the after effects of her mind reading were again taking their took on her. Kara's bladder was rapidly filling up and she tightly crossed her legs together.

