A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*010*2014-06-26 00:18

Another weekly chapter for you all so enjoy.

Chapter 8: Plans Set Into Motion

The first rays of sunlight shined into her room. While her arm clock went off waking up Kara felt dead tired she didn't have much sleep last night because of her nightmares. Pulling herself out of bed she slowly made her way into her bathroom. Turning on a light she looked at herself in the mirror.

Kara's face was still brused in places and a few cuts were upon her lips. How would she truly explain this to Lilly or anyone else. Turning around she took of her night clothes. Then stepped into the shower turning on the warm water, She let it fall upon her body yet her mind shifted over to Lilly and the others.

"How are they doing?" Kara thought.

She started to wash herself down with soap and then used shampoo to wash out her hair. Once finished about 15 min later. Kara got out of the showered and dried herself off with a towel. Before walking back into her room.

Ten minutes later, a maid knocked at Lilly's door and told her that it was time to get up. Mechanically, Lilly picked herself up out of her bed and woke the twins up.

"Mor'ing." Haley mumbled out.

"G'mornin." Holly yawned.

The twins left Lilly's bed and headed over to her bathroom. Haley was surprised that she had no accident the night before. Something about sleeping with Lilly must have been a sort of remedy for her. She wasted no time going to the toilet to ensure no accident happened. Holly followed on in after Haley and went about having a shower while Haley attended to her need. Afterwards, they swapped over. Once finished, they headed out of Lilly's room and back into their wardrobe to get ready for school.

Once the twins had left, Lilly followed suit and went about her morning routine. Once finished, she put on her old school outfit and headed down into the dining room. She'll most likely have to purchase the new school uniform today.

Kara put on her own set of clothes which was a crisp white blouse, a green, pleated, plaid skirt and a pair of white socks and shoes. She knew that today she would have had to dress in the new school uniform. But wasn't able to since she still needed to buy one. Combing her hair and then leaving the room. She made her way to her own dining room lucky for Kara. Her Father wasn't there.

She learned he had left a hour ago to work due to having to set up the days meeting with Marie's business partners. Glad to be alone she sat at the table and breakfast was brought out to her which was just some bacon and eggs. Eating the meal slowly she wondered just how the day would truly turn out. ten minutes later Kara finished eating. It was nearly time to leave for school walking out of the dining room,

Kara arrived at the front of the house and waited for the normal black limo to pull up. Which soon did stepped inside closed the door and the drove down the drive way. Kara pulled out her phone and texted Lilly.

'Windancer: I miss you so much :('

The trio met up on the stairs and headed down together. They were pleased to know that Marie had already left to go to work as the firm needed to sign some paperwork to finalise the 'agreement' between the Ravenclaws and them.

Breakfast was a simple small meal of toast and apricot jam. While eating, Lilly felt her phone go off. She took it out of her blouse pocket and saw a text from Kara.

'ShiroNeko: We'll meet up soon enough at school. He can't have monitoring 24/7 can he?'

Once finished, Lilly picked up her bag and headed out of the house with the twins. Considering their Mother had already gone to work, the ride to school won't happen. Thankfully, the school wasn't too far from Lilly's house so she could walk there. The twins' school was en route as well so she could drop them off.

She checked her phone and had gotten a text from Lilly.

'Windancer: He's got other things on his mind right now'

She sat the rest of the limo ride in silence and the limo soon pulled up to the school a little while later. Once getting out of the limo it seemed to speed off leaving Kara alone. She walked down the path to the school's gates and spotting the same tree. As before went over and stood under it. She hoped that Lilly would arrive soon.

Yet not far from where Kara was standing a young girl seemed to be watching her.

Lilly dropped the twins off at their school and said she'll come back to pick them up later. She then headed the rest of the way to her school. While walking, her phone went off and she saw another text from Kara. Assuming they'll meet again at school, Lilly decided not to reply to it as she was around five minutes away from school.

She arrived at school and headed down the path leading to it in her usual manner. She secretly kept her senses open to see if there were more empowered ones around and also, through this she could pinpoint Kara's location better. Sure enough, she found Kara under a tree. She waved her arrival and went over to Kara.

"So, back to school it seems. I wonder what magic classes will be like?" Lilly said to Kara.

Still feeling rather lonely and waiting under the tree. For Lilly to arrive she looked up and saw Lilly waving to her yet as Lilly walked over to her. Kara ran towards her and hugged her tightly "I missed you so much" Kara said as she nearly felt tears coming to her eyes. She let go of Lilly and blushed.

"It seems that way, I hope our classes are fun" Kara said to Lilly as she started walking towards the school. "I'm sorry again about yesterday and what I texted you" Kara replied. It appeared that they both had the same usual class for first period like before. The whole magical lessons bit would begin during the second period which would be a gathering in the auditorium.

However another girl seemed to be watching Lilly quite closely.

"Nice welcome I must say." Lilly chuckled as Kara hugged her randomly.

"School is school. It's never fun but, then again, it's never a bore." Lilly answered. "Like I said, I know you didn't mean any of it."

Lilly felt like she was being watched from somewhere. She opened up her senses a little more out of paranoia for another empowered one attacking her. She hoped it wouldn't come to that.

"I have a feeling we're being watched." Lilly whispered to Kara.

"It's not funny" Kara said. She felt slightly hurt that Lilly found her greeting funny. She followed Lilly into the school where other students were following suit. "I just want this day to be fun I'm tired of all that's happened" Kara replied. As they started walking down the hallways to their classroom.

"What do you mean watching us?" Kara asked.

The girl watching Lilly seemed to be followed by another one who was watching Kara. Yet both were shielded in magic to block themselves from being found out.

Once they reached the classroom. Kara and Lilly walked inside and took their seats however the two girls followed inside. Then started talking to the teacher about something.

"I have a feeling like we're being watched from afar. They could be assassins. I can't sense them with magic but my instincts tell me that they're watching us closely." Lilly answered.

Something really weird was going on. Lilly felt the feeling of being watched until she reached the classroom and it still didn't go away. She took her seat and hoped that it was just her imagination.

Kara listened to what was said but said nothing in return as she took seat.

Up in the front of the room both girls were still talking to the teacher. While the other students were busy getting to their seats and sitting down. Soon everyone was in their seats and the teacher backed away from both girls for a moment.

"Class, it appears we have two new students joining us this placement" He said.

The first girl had black locks cascade to her lower back. While her bangs drop to her shoulders speaking of eyes, she has cold black eyes that glow an erie yellow. Her eyelashes are neatly crved, and her thin, curved eyebrows fit perfectly on her beautiful face. A small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips complotes her beautiful face she wears a pair of violet earrings on her ears the earrings are in the shape of a single crystal.

She was dressed in a aqua blue blouse with small fish like buttons and a short mid-thigh length cream coloured pleated skirt. With white socks and black trainers this girl seemed to take a long look at Lilly though and smiled at her.

The second girl had long blonde hair that reached down to her back. Followed by ocean blue eyes. She had a gentle smile upon her face a rosey cheeks she was dressed in a single leaf green t-shirt that showed off her b-cup chest perfectly and a small black skirt that also seemed to reach mid-thigh along with a pair of white socks and shoes. This girl seemed to take a look at Kara.

"I'd like to welcome Yukina Silvermain and Yvraine Mckeena" The teacher said.

"Yukina?!" Lilly quietly gasped in shock. She turned to Kara. "That's her! That's got to be! She's the water user."

Lilly was now on high alert. The water user who made her a complete laughing stock is now in the same class as her. This will cause a lot of complications.

"Why her? Why did she have to come here?!" Lilly thought in dismay. This ought to be a really long and gruelling year of school

Kara heard Lilly gasp and looked over at her. "So, that's her the water user is this Yukina person?" Kara whispered to her. Before turning back and looking at both of the new girls.

Yukina remained silent she looked over at Lilly and smiled a gentle smile at her. While Yvraine just stared at Kara who seemed to shake a little at this.

The teacher looked around a spotted two empty desks.

"Yukina please take the one next to Lilly on her left, and Yvraine there's an empty desk in the second row" The teacher mentioned.

Both girls walked to their seats. Yukina sat down next to Lilly and looked over at her "I hope we can be friends" She said.

"Positive!" Lilly answered,

Now was the time that Lilly had to use her people's skills to get through this. Any good money lender has to put on a brave face and make it seem like they're kind.

"Yeah. Me too." Lilly replied with a smile. She couldn't help but allow a slight quiver in her voice.

"I'm screwed, I'm screwed, I'm SO SCREWED!" Lilly screamed in her head.

She turned and looked over at Yukina for a moment. Then leaned towards Lilly "um, did something happen between you to?" Kara asked after she heard the slight quiver in Lilly's voice. Yvraine had turned around in her seat and seemed to glare murder at Kara. Who had moved away from Lilly. Yet she moved forward towards her.

"I know what you did that day bitch, I'll have my revenge" Yvraine hissed.

Kara turning to face her didn't really understand what she meant.

Yukina smiled back though still shielded decided to remind Lilly of their little time together. Closing her eyes she created a small puddle of water under the chair of Lilly's desk. The puddle seemed to grow in size for a couple minutes before. Stopping and Yukina opened her eyes again.

A student sitting to Yukina's left side heard a small hissing sound and turned to see the puddle under Lilly's chair thought Lilly seemed to not notice the puddle upon the ground. "Disgusting, Miss Adams Lilly here just wet herself in class" The student called out.

"Remember the talk in the bath? Yukina made me wet myself mid battle." Lilly replied with a blush.

"Eh?!" Lilly said when she heard the student make a comment. She looked down. There was a puddle forming under her chair. She turned bright red. "T-that's not true at all!" She spluttered out. What was this student thinking?

Kara blushed as she nodded to what Lilly had just said. Before she heard the student two seats over call out to the teacher. Looking over she saw the small puddle on the ground.

"Yes, yes it is I heard a sound" The student said. Miss Adams looked at Lilly then over to the student. "Lilly is what Kerri said true, did you have an accident in my classroom?" Miss Adams asked her.

"Of course not! I'm not a child!" Lilly answered. "She's lying!"

Despite her confidence in her answer, she was still blushing bright red. This girl must have had a deathwish to make a girl of the Sera family look bad. If she had never met Kara, Lilly would have ordered for this girl to be executed but now she'd changed. She hated what her family did and she didn't want no part of it.

"I can prove I didn't! My skirt's dry and so's my seat." Lilly finished.

Miss Adams took this all. "Okay I believe you" Miss Adams seemed to say. With a hint of mistrust in her voice. She looked back of at Kerri and shook her head. "Kerri next don't lie to me" Miss Adams went on to say. "But I'm not lying" Kerri stated but Miss Adams didn't believe her. She went on to take role call and started calling out students names.

Puddle behind Lilly's chair vanished from sight. Before a paper ball was thrown at her from across the room. Miss Adams didn't seem to see it. Once role call was finished Miss Adams went over the assigment.

"Okay, class today we will be going over our most recent assignment of the current events of the city" She said.

Thankfully, nothing came of the accusation but it was sure to spark a good number of rumours.

Lilly breathed a sigh of relief before she felt something hit her.

"Ow!" Lilly quietly called out in surprise. She looked down at where she felt the missile come from and a small paper ball was on the floor. She picked up the ball and unrolled it to see what was inside.

On the inside of the paper was written.

'I saw you that day acting all high and mightly yet embarrassed like hell maybe I should post the pictures I took on the net"

The period seemed to drag on as Kara walked on her assignment every now and then she'd look. Up to see Yvraine looking at her with a looked of pure hatred in her eyes. She tried to not look at her.

It seemed like after a short while the period had ended. Kara started to put away her assignment and books. "Well, it's time for magic class" Kara told Lilly.

Throughout the whole first period, Lilly was wondering just what the note meant and who wrote it. Could it have been Yukina referring to their little bout on the bridge or was it someone else?

Lilly kept thinking until the bell rang, which startled her a little. She packed away her things and headed out of the door. She hear Kara say something.

"Yeah. I wonder what it'll be like. We're in the auditorium, right?" Lilly answered.

'Yep that's where we go next" Kara said with a cheerful smile. She waited for Lilly to finish packing up her stuff which she did and walked towards the front of the room. Where Kara was waiting for her/ Yet before Lilly arrived Yvraine walked past Kara and whispered to her.

"I know what you did that day you bitch!" Yvraine hissed. She walked away down the hallway leaving Kara to wonder what she ,meant again by that. Yukina followed moments later. Then Lilly came and they walked down the hallways together. More minutes seemed to pass and they reached the auditorium,

Opening the doors Kara walked inside. Already several other kids were sitting in several rows the auditorium was a large room that had many chairs it could seat up to 500 students, "Where shall we sit?" Kara asked. As she walked down the pathway of seats. It seemed that both Yukina and Yvraine were also there.

"I don't mind." Lilly answered as she walked down the aisle in the centre of the auditorium. She looked down each row and saw Yukina and the other new girl there. "I knew they were empowered!" Lilly quietly said to Kara.

Lilly made sure to stay far away from Yukina. She didn't want any more water torture.

"I think we should sit away from them." Lilly suggested to Kara.

As Kara looked around the room there seemed to be about 13 other kids there. Which made it 15 in total. "So, this Yvraine is also an empowered one I wonder what her powers are?" Kara whispered to Lilly. She walked down and sat in one of the empty rows. Which were several rows away from the other girls.

It seemed everyone else was busy just chatting and wondering just what all this was about. Two teacher came up to a stand upon the stage one was a male and the other female. The male was dressed in a white shirt and black slacks. The female was dressed in a red and blue shirt with a small white pleated skirt.

It was the male who spoke up first.

"Okay students please quiet down I'm sure you'll all wondering why your all here" He said.

"Maybe Earth? I'm not too sure." Lilly answered. She hoped it wasn't anything cold, wet or had any links to water.

She took her seat next to Kara and listened to what the two teachers were saying.

"Maybe or it could be something else" Kara answered back. She then listened to what the teacher was saying.

"The reason why your all here today is because we know what you all. Each of you has a certain power under your command and we are here to show you how to better use that power" He said. the female teacher was next to speak up.

"My name is Mrs June, and through the rest of the year we will be teaching you magic" Mrs June said. While looking at everyone "But first I'd like to test two of you out in a small magical test" She added. Her gaze shifted over to Yvraine "Would you please come up here" She asked then looked over at Lilly. "You to Miss" She added.

"Me?!" Lilly gasped. She complied with what the teacher asked and went to the front of the auditorium.

"What would you like me to do?" She asked Ms June.

"Yes" Ms June told her. Yvraine also walked up to the front of the room.

"I'd like to to just show us a small bit of what you can do?" Ms June asked, She looked back at Yvraine and mentioned her to do the same. Though she'd wait until after Lilly was done.

"Okay." Lilly answered.

She created a small spark of white fire at the end of her finger and sent it flying around the room. She made sure that it touched nothing flammable. She sent it back to herself and dismissed it. She then jumped into the air and created a small platform of white fire beneath herself. She stood on the platform and engulfed herself in a plume of white fire. She then created her twin swords and cloaked them in flame.

"Like that?" She asked Mrs June. "I've got some more powers but they're a little intrusive."

She wondered what Yvraine would do.

Mrs June smiled as she saw what Lilly could do. "Yes that is perfect" Mrs June said. She then motioned for Yvraine to began.

Walking forward it appeared that small grass blades and flowers started to bloom around her, From out of the wood in the floor. A beam of sun light seemed to shine in from the window into the room. Then bath Yvraine in it's light the blades of grass seemed to grow higher, Before Yvraine picked one of the blades and tossed it into the air. The blade of grass seemed to take on a life of it's own as it was cut into tiny pieces.

"Is that ok?" Yvraine asked.

Lilly watched intently as Yvraine went about her display of magic. It's better to know just what your opponent can do in case of combat classes. Nature burns easily so Lilly thought that, if she ever faced off against Yvraine, it'll be an easy match.

"Anything more you want us to do?" Lilly asked Mrs June.

"Yes, that went really well" Mrs June told Yvraine.

Kara watched as Yvraine did her magic act upon the stage. "So, she can use nature magic" Kara thought.

Looking back at Lilly, Mrs June spoke once again. "Do, either of you guys have outfits to change into during battle magical practice if so, can you show us?" Mrs June asked her. She also asked Yvraine this same question.

Yvraine nodded her head. As a wave of leaves seemed to swirl around her body as the magic did it's work. Soon Yvraine changed into her battle outfit.

Around her neck and both her arms appeared to be a small white cloak. In her blond hair was a reef of many different types of flowers and leaves. A Small bra of orange leaves covered her breasts through the middle part was open and a small brown belt went around under it. Covering her crotch was her panties which were the same orange leave color as the bra covering her breasts. Upon the sides were small brown gems.

Weird question to ask but Lilly didn't care.

"Okay." Lilly answered.

She watched as Yvraine went about the outfit change. Her outfit was a little daring and rather revealing. Lilly couldn't help but blush at it. Once Yvraine had finished, Lilly changed into her outfit as well. She believed that her outfit was much cuter than Yvraine's.

The usual change came over Lilly after she was engulfed in white flames.

"Here it is." Lilly said to Mrs June.

Yvraine looked over at Lilly who changed into her battle outfit. She looked at it seemed that she was afraid to reveal anything that could change given time.

"Good, you girls may change back please" Mrs June said.

Yvraine changed back into her normal clothes and walked off the stage. Then took her seat she nect called up Kara and Yukina to the stage. Once Lilly had changed back both girls walked up to the stage. Mrs June asked both girl's the same questions she had asked both Lilly and Yvraine.

During Yukina's magical act she called forth small balls of ice that seemed to float. Around the room before exploding into little snowflakes.

Lilly changed back into her normal clothes and headed off back to her seat. Kara and Yukina were now called up.

Lilly hoped that Yukina wouldn't do any water play this time as she knew what it may do to her. Thankfully, Yukina's magical display consisted of just making little snowflakes. Lilly had no problems with this. In fact, she like the look of snowflakes.

Kara's display of magic was various creations of wind magic that blew across the stage. Yet as she was going about her business Kara seemed to stagger alittle a grab her head in pain. "Kara are you alright?" Mrs June asked her.

Kara shook her head slightly as she heard a voice in her head. "You truly think by locking me away truly saved you?" The voice spoke. "I-I'm fine" Kara replied. She ignored the voice in her mind as she ended her display of magic.

Yukina then changed into her battle outfit like before in a display. Of pure water magic she looked over at Lilly and hoped this had an affect on her. Kara did the same moments later and then both girl's changed back into their clothes and walked off the stage.

Lilly watched as Kara started her display of magic. She was shocked when Kara suddenly grabbed her head and had a pained look in her face. She'll ask her about than when they're dismissed.

As expected.

Yukina was just warming up with the snowflakes. When she changed it was almost like back on the bridge. Lilly felt her bladder fill up from all the water in the transformation. She shifted in her seat. She hoped she'd get a chance to go after this lesson.

Once Kara came back to her seat, Lilly asked her the question she'd been wanting to ask since the magical display.

"What happened? You okay?" Lilly asked Kara. "You looked like you were in pain."

"I-I don't know, my head just started to hurt" Kara told Lilly. As the other students were called up to display their magic. Kara watched them do so. but wondered just what the voice in the back of her mind meant. Once the other students were finished Mrs June spoke again.

"I've decided we shall have a small magical duel for fun Yvraine and Lilly would you girls like to star in this match?" Mrs June asked.

"Yes" Yvraine spoke. As she started to walk back up to the stage again.

"Maybe you should take a breather for a few minutes." Lilly suggested.

The display went on for the other students. Lilly made quick notes on what they could do and what to look out for in case of combat classes.

It would appear that that moment came sooner than Lilly expected when she was called up to duel Yvraine, the Nature User, as Lilly called her.

"Fine by me. Although, I don't think the auditorium is the best place to fight." Lilly replied as she went up on to the stage.

Kara listened to what Lilly had said. "Sure that will work out" Kara replied. Mrs June then gathered the group of students and led them outside of the auditorium. "This way please" She said. Mrs June led the group away from the school.

Yvraine kept her gaze fixed on Lilly as she walked with the other kids. She knew she was at a disadvantage in fighting a fire user. But she had fought and beaten plenty of them in the past. After all her older sister was the one who taught her magic. Well at least before she was killed that is.

Mrs June led the group to a small clearing. "If you girls would get ready please" She said.

Lilly followed the class out into the clearing by the sports field. She knew she was at an elemental advantage but she also knew that excess nature can extinguish a fire. She would have to act carefully and not get caught in the moment.

Once asked to, Lilly changed back into her battle outfit.

"Who'll take the first strike?" She asked as she created her twin swords and cloaked them in fire.

Yvraine changed into her own battle outfit and stood not far from Lilly.

"You can go first, the person who get's hit five times loses the match" Mrs June explained. She turned to the group of kids. "I want you all to watch this match closely" Mrs June said.

Yukina seemed to be watching Lilly rather closely again.

"A misdirection?!" Lilly gasped. "I knew I shouldn't underestimate her." She quietly said to herself as she felt blades of grass wrap around her legs.

Lilly tried to rip the grass off but it wasn't working. She then tried to burn away at them with a small amount of fire magic. No luck.

"Inferno." Lilly cast. Her body was cloaked in white flames. She hoped that this would burn away at the grass.

"I;ve fought your kind plenty of times in the past and know how to deal with them" Yvraine spoke. The grass holding on Lilly was burned away freeing her. Reaching down Yvraine picked a small flower from the ground. She then plucked it's flower pedals from the stem and they floated in the area. Then looked at the ground to Lilly's left and right sides.

The ground seemed to shake before two rather large roots erupted forth from the ground. Their roots seemed to shot out towards Lilly.

"There's too much greenery. I can't fight her like this! Wait, greenery! If I get her away from that then maybe..." Lilly thought as she dived away from the roots.

She then ran towards the empty car park close to the field. She shot back a fireball towards Yvraine as a means of taunting and self defence.

Yvraine saw the fireball coming towards her and Lilly running away. The flower pedals were still in the air before her which Yvraine used as a shield to block the fireball. But some of the fire had gotten through and burned parts of her arms and legs. Meaning Yvraine only could get hit four more times.

Yvraine followed after Lilly yet when she reached the empty car park. She stopped she may be at a disadavntage but she had other means to attack Lilly. A small green aura formed around her body looking into the sky. Yvraine spotted a couple of birds they seemed to notice Yvraine and flew down towards her they landed upon both her shoulder. Before she sent them at Lilly in attempts attack her.

"First flowers and now birds?!" Lilly asked in dismay. She quickly threw up a hastily made fire shield in hopes of deterring the birds. Wild animals were naturally scared of fire. She just hoped whatever magic Yvraine may have cast on them didn't remove this.

If any attack hit the shield, it'll likely break as it was only quickly made.

The birds flew around Lilly they saw the shield she had created. One of the birds flew towards it while the other one circled overhead then rushed downwards towards Lilly's head. Looking around the car park Yvraine knelt down and placed a hand upon the ground.

"Earthquake" Yvraine cast the entire ground of the cark park started to shake wildly. As cracks began to form on the ground all around Lilly several holes started to form.

Seemed the wall had the intended effects, until Lilly felt a bird crash into her from the side. Bird beaks were surprisingly sharp. The bird's beak skimmed past and cut a small line in Lilly's arm. She'd been hit once, only four more times left.

The fire shield fell and the other bird flew straight through. It only just missed Lilly's head. She quickly escaped the bird prison and ran towards Yvraine. She then felt the ground shake and small cracks start to appear in it.

"Earthquakes too?! What next?" Lilly groaned. She'd get nowhere running away so she sprinted towards Yvraine. She hoped she was more oriented towards distance combat.

It seemed that the birds had hurt Lilly only a little bit. Then sprint towards her seeing as how Lilly wasn't attacking her yet Yvraine moved backwards away from Lilly. The ground seemed to carry her away from Lilly and place her gently on the ground. In the middle of the grassy field again looking around she spotted some mud. Using some magic upon the mud it began to bubble then took on a shape.

The shape appeared to be that of a mud man. That was the same size of Yvraine the mund man then walked towards Lilly.

Yukina who had been watching the fight with interest had spotted a small puddle on the ground. Near where the car park was located thinking she decided to form several others. Small puddle of water began to form around the other puddle which made a now larger one.

Noticing how Yvraine was retreating, Lilly concluded that she was a ranged combatant. Excellent opponent against a melee champion. Lilly continued her sprint towards Yvraine when she heard water splashing. She looked down a saw a huge puddle.

"Might be dangerous to run on the mud now." Lilly considered. She thought that the puddle was likely to cause the mud to be slippery and have lower footing.

She noticed the mud man which Yvraine had made and paid no attention to it. She had one target and only one target. Yvraine. She flashed towards Yvraine and did a feint slash to see if this was a real Yvraine. It wasn't going to lead into a combo but it could still damage.

Yvraine saw as Lilly flashed towards her. She seemed to ignore the mud man for now at least. Who seemed to stop moving towards her. It wasn't until Lilly was close by and brought her swords down again not having time to escape she felt the blade. Cut across her chest drawing blood. Meaning she now had three hits left.

"Shit" Yvraine cursed

Jumping back the blades of grass around where Yvraine had been shot upwards at Lilly. The blades of grass where shaped like spears they wouldn't impale or kill her just hurt her by cutting her.

Lilly's hit seemed to strike the real Yvraine. Now that she was facing a partial illusionist, she was quite thankful that she had Haley on her team in the spar yesterday.

With no time to celebrate, spears of grass shot out of the ground and struck against Lilly. This meant she only had three hits lefts.

"Quit running!" She told Yvraine.

"I'm not running I've got you back right where I want you!" Yvraine shouted. She placed both hands upong the ground when it started to shake wildy. Soon to both the left and right sides of Lilly two large giant hands made out of the very earth themselves began to form and take shape. Getting back to her feet she smiled.

The left most hand shot forwards towards Lilly in a means to grab her and crush her between it's fingers. However the right hand moved back towards where Yvraine was currently standing.

"Either way, you're still being a coward!" Lilly retaliated.

She felt the earth shake and two giant hands materialised. The left one shot towards her. She nimbly back flipped to avoid it. She then sent a lance of fire towards Yvraine in an attempt at hitting her.

Yvraine said nothing back to Lilly. The right arm moved forwards and blocked her body as the flame lance. Struck it a small fire formed upon the hand. Then both hands merged back into the ground and another brighter green aura formed around her body. A great build of magical power was started to build within and around Yvraine.

"Isha" Yvraine said.

She felt a rush of power inside of her as another personality seemed to take over.

"Pitiful" Yvraine said in a cold voice that wasn't her own.

Looking over she spotted a tree near-by pointing to it agreat deal of leaves began to fall to the ground. As the mud man seemed to blend back into the earth. As the leaves floated around into the air Yvraine sent the flying at Lilly.

The lance seemed to be blocked by the hand. Lilly was really starting to get annoyed with this person.

"Why won't you burn?!" She shouted. "Burn, burn, BURN!"

Lilly didn't care that there were leave flying at her. She knew what she'd do.

"Pale Spiral." Lilly cast. A huge spiral of flames left her outstretched hand and tore through the leaves towards Yvraine's body. "BURN!"

Yvraine rose a hand into the sky and a gaint wall of earth shot forth from the ground. Just as the flames ground the wall being as it was a powerful attack the earthw all broke apart. Seering heat and flames washed over Yvraine's body as she was knocked to the ground. She had taken a hit which meant she had two left.

Getting back to her feet the leaves that still remained in the sky. They had yet to be burned shot towards Lilly.

"Your weak!" Yvraine snapped.

Placing both hands together the blades of leaves surrounded Lilly and created a hiuge circle around her before pressing inwards towards her.

The flames made contact with the target but the missiles still remained intact. The cut through Lilly's outfit and created several small cuts all over her body. She had two hits left before she'd be eliminated.

"If only I could get close." Lilly thought as she ran towards Yvraine. "Last ditch effort. Hope it works."

Lilly cloaked her body in flames and a small countdown appeared above her head. It was counting down 30 seconds.

Yvraine smiled and she looked up into the sky towards the sun. She had a plan forming to head this match here and now. Several of the leaves still remained and she sent them at Lilly again.

"Solar Beam" Yvraine spoke.

Particles of yellow energy back to form into the sky above Yvraine's head. They started to form into what appeared to be a large mean of magical energy. Though it would take time to complete.

Lilly avoided the oncoming leaves with practised expertise. She swerved in and out and dived high and low while running. Not a single leaf hit her. The countdown over her head was now at 24 seconds.

She ignored the solar beams and headed straight for her target. She hoped to get close enough and at least get one more strike in before her timer ticked out. She dashed towards Yvraine and tried a double slash from top right to bottom left and from left to right.

The solar beam in the sky overhead was still being formed. Seeing as how the leaves didn't hit her at all Yvraine. Let them fall to the ground just as Lilly got within range of her again. Yvraine felt the first cut strike her. Cutting into flesh Lilly's blade seemed to cut through part of her bra to reveal a small breast.

Looking up the energy had finished gathering over head. "Fire" Yvraine yelled. The yellow energy beam fired at Lilly from high in the sky. Just as her second attack struck Yvraine's body.

Seems the timer wasn't needed at all. Lilly managed to strike twice but will they be counted? Now the timer was in progress, this was destined to be a stalemate unless a verdict comes within 18 seconds.

Lilly let the beam strike her. It really did feel like she'd crashed straight into the sun. She let it burn through her and felt another strike being knocked off her total, leaving her with one left. Not that it mattered as the timer'll take care of it within 12 seconds.

The match seemed to end with 12 seconds left. The two hits from Lilly were counted which meant that she had won the battle. Mrs June walked forward and cast healing magic on both girls. 'That was a great match you two" She said with a smile.

Yvraine looked over at Lilly. "Nice match" Yvraine replied with a smile. She turned away and walked back to the other having changed back into her normal clothes.

Yukina watched Lilly with a look of hatred in her eyes.

The battle ended, the countdown stopped and Lilly was declared the winner.

"You fought well. Never before have I had to resort to self-destruct magic. The battle was so close." Lilly replied.

She changed back into her normal outfit and rejoined the group. She went back over to Kara.

Kara smiled as Lilly returned over to her. "I didn't think you'd win that the match seemed fairly close" Kara replied as she looked over at Yvraine. Who was busy looking away over at Mrs June. "Well. anyway good match" Kara added.

Yukina was still looking at Lilly. "Damn bitch was suppose to lose that fight" Yukina thought. She felt like attacking Lilly here and now or at least embarrassing her to no end. Yet Yvraine placed a calming hand upon her shoulder and shook her head.

Mrs June began to speak to the group again.

"I'd like each of you to pick one partner among our class this partner of yours shall be your magic buddy. For the remainder of the school year plus you shall be teaching each other as well" Mrs June spoke.

"Thanks for the vote of confidence." Lilly joked to Kara in reply. "I seriously thought I'd lose as well."

Mrs June announced that the group had to pick a 'magic buddy' for the rest of the year. Lilly considered Kara as a potential candidate but she needed to clarify something first.

"Excuse me," She called over to Mrs June. "Does the magical buddy have to be of the same affinity or can they be a different affinity?" Lilly asked.

Mrs June turned and faced Lilly. "It can be either the same or of a different one" She told Lilly. before deciding on next of what to say.

"Class for the remainder of the period to those who you have pair up with. I'd like you to find out two of their strengths and weaknesses" Mrs June said before going on. "Second your project for this month I'd like you to help each other in creating a new attack for each other" She added.

"But at least we know what kind of powers Yvraine has control over" Kara stated.

"I guess so." Lilly replied to Kara.

After Mrs June's confirmation, Lilly was sure who she'd want as her partner for the year.

"Um, would you like to be my partner?" Lilly asked Kara with a blush. "D-don't get me wrong. It's just that, well, we already know a bit about each other and I guess..." Lilly's voice trailed off at the end.

Kara looked over at Lilly. "Um, sure that would be fun" Kara replied with her own blush. She looked at Lilly closer and leaned forward "I'd like that to change" She whispered before leaning back. Then looking at the other groups of students who were busy forming into their own groups.

It seemed that Yvraine and Yukina formed into a group. Though Yukina was pissed off she wanted Lilly as her partner because of all the fun she could have with her. "Damn it" Yukina snapped.

"Yeah." Lilly replied with a slight smile. She couldn't help but blush more at Kara's next remark. "W-what do you mean?! Why would we want that?"

Anyway, now that partners were out of the way, it was time to begin the task at hand.

"Two strengths and two weaknesses. We already know at least one of those each don't we?" Lilly asked. "For strengths, I'm a peerless acrobat. Due to my bound animal, I have the grace and agility of a cat so I'm pretty good at most dexterous things. What about you?"

"Because, as I said I'd like for things to change between us" Kara replied. "There's some things that I wish for us to know about each other given time" Kara added. She listened to what else Lilly had to say about her strengthes and weakness.

"Well, I've able to ride the wind currents whenever I wish it just seems to come easy for me. You could say I have my own bound animal that let's me soar the skies whenever I wish." Kara spoke as she tried to make it sound simple enough.

"For a weakness, well, you know what water does to me. I guess that's all I can think of for weaknesses." Lilly said. "I guess thunder and lightening might also be counted as a big weakness of mine. You know why." Lilly added as she indicated where her lightening patterning is on her back.

She had a rough idea as to what Kara's weaknesses were but she still wasn't sure about them just yet.

"My own weakness, as I'm guessing you know would be blood" Kara quickly said. She didn't wish to speak anymore of that. As she heard what else Lilly had said. "You could also say another weakness of mine would be the cold-hearted personality of mine that only cares about killing and bloodlust" Kara said quietly.

Just speaking about that she seemed to grab her head in pain again. "You enjoyed that time I know you did" The voice seemed to say.

Kara shook her head and the voice stopped speaking.

"If you could, maybe, control the bloodlust, it might be counted as a great strength as you'll be able to keep going in a fight." Lilly suggested. "I'm afraid blood is unavoidable in our line of work."

Speaking of magic, blood and fear, Lilly thought back to the duel yesterday and her half-sisters' ascension to magical power.

"I wonder how they're doing?" Lilly thought to herself.

Holly was listening attentively in her English class as she took notes on how to use word substitution to create a variety of effects in pieces of literature and Haley was falling asleep behind her propped up and open English textbook.

"So bored." Haley quietly groaned to her sister, who was sitting on the desk next to her.

"Shush!" Holly quietly answered. "I'm trying to take notes here. Maybe you should try it some time?"

"I will when lessons become interesting." Haley groaned back.

Kara heard what Lilly had to say. "It might but I can't do that not at this time" Kara answered back. She didn't want to try and think about that time. When she had been nothing but a blood-crazy monster. "I don; think you'd want to see me like that" Kara spoke.

The voice seemed to speak again. "Let me out you know you want to" The voice spoke.

"I guess that might be a bad idea." Lilly answered. "Now, how about our combination attack?"

Back in the twins' English lesson, Haley had had enough boredom. She wanted the lesson to become more interesting,

"I want an interesting lesson for once." Haley quietly annoyed Holly again. An idea then hit her. "Wait, I can make it more interesting!"

"Don't even think about it." Holly said as she caught the mischievous glint in Haley's eyes. She knew what this meant.

"Too late, already did." Haley answered with a smile. She then looked at her teacher, a grouchy old man in his early fifties who hated teaching but had been stuck in it until retirement, and thought of something really devious. She thought back to how many times he had denied her from going to the toilet and made her wet herself in class and how many times he had given her double the amount of homework for doing so and 'disrupting his lesson'. She knew what she'd do.

Kara half listened to Lilly at first but her attention returned when. Lilly had spoke about a combination attack. "Sure that will work out yet how do you want to go about it?" Kara asked. She had a view ideas of what they could do together.

"Yes, that's it use more of that power" The voice spoke again. Kara again grabbed her head in pain.

"Well, I'd like to- " Lilly started to say when she saw Kara grab her head in pain. "You okay? You want me to call the teacher over?" Lilly asked, worried about Kara's health.

Haley projected the Illusion of the teacher's voice becoming like a chipmunk's to the entire class. Sure enough, to her ears as well, he sounded really stupid with such a high pitched voice. She couldn't help but giggle to herself. She hated her teacher. Se hated him with a passion. She never wanted to be stuck in his home group for this year but she was forced to. She loved how she heard the rest of the class giggle a little at his voice as well. He seemed to notice it but he decided to ignore it for now, until Haley spoke up.

"Don't do it. You'll be sent to the Headmaster's office again." Holly quietly said to Haley before she stood up.

"Sir, I can't quite understand what you are saying. You sound like a chipmunk. Can you speak a little clearer for me, please." Haley asked, putting on her exemplar cute student act.

"I-I'm fine" Kara said as her aching head returned to normal. "No, I'll be okay" She added. Kara wasn't sure why this now of all times was happening to her. "So, what would you like to to?" Kara asked wanting to change the subject.

"Ah, I've got an idea can you create birds of fire?" Kara asked. As an idea was forming in her head something that she remembered reading about in the past.

"If you say so." Lilly answered, still not quite believing Kara's supposed wellness. "If you ever start to fell weird, tell me and I'll call the teacher over. Okay?"

"I've never tried it before but I'll be willing to give it a go." Lilly replied. She kind of thought that Kara was talking about phoenixes when referring to 'birds of fire'.

"Young lady, just what are you going on about? Are you hard of hearing? Do you wish to sit at the front of the class?" Haley's teacher answered angrily. Although, it kind of lost its effect when it was said with the squeaky voice Haley made him have to the other students.

"No, Sir. I've got perfect hearing, or so my doctor says. It's just that you sound rather squeaky and all that." Haley replied with her innocent smile.

"You're pushing you luck..." Holly quietly said to Haley. "Stop it while you're ahead!"

"Last warning. If you keep insulting me like that you'll go to the headmaster's office!" Haley's teacher retaliated.

"Oh no! Please, Sir, have mercy!" Haley answered, trying to sound like she was scared, upset and hurt. "I didn't mean anything funny. I promise you!" Haley added with her fingers crossed behind her back.

"I'll let you know" Kara said. Wanting to be done with that subject for now at least.

"Yeah, I remember reading in a story once about a character named Darien using a fire-bird. As one of his attacks and I thought maybe we could create one" Kara said with a smile.

Elsewhere

Kale had finally set up everything he had needed for this day. The meeting with Marie's business partners was all ready and set up.

"Little bitch today's the day everything you've ever created shall belong to me"

"It's possible but it will take some magical control and I may need to see Haley about illusion magic, which would probably be what I create the bird out of." Lilly answered.

She knew that there was definitely something up with Kara today but she just couldn't place it. She decided to keep a close eye on her all day.

"I warned you." Holly sighed.

"Young lady, go straight to the Headmaster's office this instant!" Haley's teacher shouted, to which Haley flinched.

"Y-yes Sir." Haley replied. She couldn't help but tremble a little. She never expected him to shout at her. She collected her things and headed towards the Headmaster's office.

"So, would Haley be the one you'd like to teach as well is how to use her magic?" Kara asked. As she listened to what Lilly had to say before.

"But, can you create say other things out of fire that you wouldn't need help with?" Kara also asked.

Yukina and Yvraine had formed their own little group and were going about their own business. Yet both girls were staring at Kara and Lilly once again.

"Unless you want her. She's quite the handful after all." Lilly answered with a smile.

"I can create minor things but, overall, shaping flames isn't really my area of expertise." Lilly replied.

Needless to say, Haley's visit to the Headmaster's office was quite eventful. She entered with a dry skirt and panties and left with them soaked in urine and a red raw rear. Nonetheless, she was also offered an interesting opportunity. The Headmaster suggested that she changed schools to the newly restored 'Evergreen'. She knew that this is where Lilly attended along with Kara so she thought that she could have some fun teasing them and playing around with them. The Headmaster seemed to know that she can create illusions as well and read into a person's past so this experience should be a good one. She ran back to Holly to break to her the good news.

"I'll teach her for now and you can teach Holly then we can switch at some point?" Kara asked. She wondered how she could help Lilly out with her shaping flames.

"Since we got you down now what about myself? I'd like to try something along the lines of a joint attack" Kara spoke.

It was then that Mrs June spoke up. "Excause me class but it's time for everyone here to go get their new school uniforms" Mrs June said.

"Fine by me." Lilly shrugged. "Haley's easily brought with sweets so use them if she doesn't listen."

"I don't know much about wind magic but I'm sure we can come up with something. What do you have in mind?" Lilly asked.

Mrs June then announced that it was time to get the new uniforms. Lilly just sighed and shook her head.

"I'm not looking forward to the new uniforms. I think they're kind of childish." Lilly said to Kara.

Haley ran into her classroom and ignored the laughs from her classmates which were obviously in response to the wet patch on Haley's skirt and the small drip trail which followed behind her.

"Holly, you won't believe this!" Haley beamed to Holly.

"You're turning over a new leaf and leaving behind your troublemaker self?" Holly offered.

"NO! We're being transferred to Lilly's school!" Haley answered.

"Huh?!"

"I'm sure I can think of other ways to get Haley to listen to me" Kara said with a smile.

"Well, how does a combination of one of our strongest attacks sounds? we would have to work out how to do it?" Kara added. She then heard as Mrs June spoke about getting their new uniforms.

"They are okay I had to wear one at my old boarding school, plus I'm sure it will look good on you" Kara pointed out.

"That might work but it'll take a lot of synchronisation to pull off properly." Lilly replied.

"Y-you're just saying that." Lilly blushed. She felt her heart start to beat faster. "A-anyway, if it's the school's rules then I have to abide by them."

"We're getting transferred to Lilly's school!" Haley repeated. "This'll be so much fun!"

"Why am I coming along?" Holly asked.

"Because I don't want to be in a strange place all by myself." Haley replied with a slight downcast look.

"You won't be alone. You'll have Lilly and Kara to mess around with."

"But they're older than me. I'll be all alone in class."

"So? Why do I have to come along?"

"Because the Headmaster said so!"

"Fine."

Haley took her seat beside Holly and fidgeted around a little as she felt the wetness of her panties stick to her small bottom.

"Get changed." Holly told Haley.

"Fine." Haley pouted.

"Then it just means we have to work hard I'me sure we will get in all right in time" Kara said with a smile.

"No, I mean what I said" Kara whispered to her. As the groups started to end towards the main school again. "Plus I have a few things in mind to make it fun" Kara added. The students reached the school around a few minutes later they walked inside.

Then, started towards the main auditoruim where the school uniforms were being given out.

Lilly followed the class back into the auditorium to get her new school uniform. All of the time she was walking, Lilly couldn't help but blush as her heart pounded with Kara's compliment.

"I guess it won't be so bad after all." Lilly thought to herself.

Haley did as Holly had asked, right in the middle of class.

She pulled down her soaked panties and placed them in a plastic bag before putting them into her school bag. She then took out her spare pair of panties, a pure white ribbon pair with frills around the edges, and placed them on. She then took down her skirt, leaving herself in nothing but her panties covering her lower regions, and folded it up before putting it into the plastic bag with her panties. She then took out her spare school skirt and put it on.

"That's not quite what I had in mind." Holly announced quietly to Haley.

All the students had finally reached the main auditoruim. Mrs June the spoke up again "once you have gotten your uniform you will need to change into it you. Can use the girl's changing room for that" She pointed out.

Kara soon got in line she saw several teachers handing out uniforms. To the students already in line. She used a gentle breeze of wind to caress Lilly's peach. Yet stopped once the line started moving.

Lilly shivered a little when she felt a small breeze against her girlhood. She blushed bright red when she found out that it was Kara who'd done it through detecting magic.

"N-not here, please." Lilly asked quietly as the line moved forward.

Lilly looked on and saw the uniforms being handed out. She couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed when she thought about herself wearing them.

Kara heard what Lilly had said. "But isn't that what you want?" Kara quietly said. She soon reached the front of the line and was then handed her uniform. Which was a white sailor blouse, a small blue skirt with red bows upon the back and the front of the blouse.

"These look ok" Kara stated she started to make her way towards the changing room.

Lilly had no answer. she just turned bright red.

The line moved forward and Kara was handed her new uniform. Lilly was next in line so she was handed hers as well. She took the uniform towards the changing rooms. It didn't look too bad. It was kind of cute, after all.

Once inside of the changing room Kara began to get undressed she placed her clothes. Which she folded up neatly into a small bag beside her. She then started to get dressed into her new uniform which hugged her body nicely. She ran her hands along it's length feeling the way it hugged her breasts then looked.

Down to see the skirt ended right around mid-thigh. "How do I look?" Kara asked as she spun around flashing Lilly her panties.

Lilly quickly took off her clothes and folded them up. She then put on her new uniform. It was a little tight but it wasn't that bad. She thought she'd gained a little weight from all the snacks she'd been eating. She'll try to cut back a little on them. Her figure still looked as lithe as it always did but she couldn't help but feel a little self-conscious about the tightness of her uniform.

"Great." Lilly answered as her gaze stuck to Kara's panties.

Lilly then smoothed out her own uniform and posed in front of the mirror.

"Do I look fat?" She asked Kara. "This uniform's a little tight."

Kara blushed at Lilly's commant.

'Your look cute and not your not fat" Kara said with a smile. She looked at Lilly's figure in the mirror her gaze seemed to fall upon Lilly's breasts and butt. She looked away blushing in shame.

"Things will start when we are alone?" Kara thought.

"I just can't help but feel like this uniform's a little too small in certain areas and too big in others." Lilly answered. She looked at her chest and saw how baggy the uniform was there. She placed both of her hands on her tiny breasts.

"Grow big. Grow big." She mentally encouraged her breasts.

She then looked at her skirt and saw that it seemed to be a little too short on her. It looked like it was riding up her legs and she could have sworn that she saw the faintest sight of her panties. She pulled the skirt down a little to try and cover up her legs a little more.

Kara turned at the sound of Lilly's voice and saw that she was cupping her breasts. "Your right about that" Kara replied as she leaped to her feet. She then walked over to Lilly and then grabbed her breasts with both hands. She started to fondle them.

"Yet maybe it's for the best or if these were to grow?" Kara said with a smile.

"I just feel like- wha!" Lilly said before she was cut off by Kara's fondling.

"W-w-w-what are you doing?!" She asked Kara as she tried to pull her hands off her chest. Truth be told, Lilly loved this but she didn't want Kara finding out.

Kara still fondled Lilly's chest. "I'm helping them grow" Kara replied.

She fondled them gently for a short while more before stopping. "There will be more of that in time" Kara whispered to her.

She then grabbed her bag. "We should be heading to our next class"

Lilly couldn't respond. She just gently yelped at Kara's fondling.

"Don't do that again without my permission." She scolded Kara.

She then picked up her bag and headed to the door of the changing rooms.

"I've got science. You?"

"I know you liked it just like the other night" Kara replied.

She followed Lilly out of the room.

"I've got English next"

"Huh?" Lilly asked. "Did something happen the other night?"

Lilly went down the corridor towards her science class and stood by the door.

"I'll see you later." She said to Kara as she entered her class.

"Wouldn't you like to know" Kara responded back.

She left Lilly alone and waved her off as she walked down the hallway. Yet as she was walking she saw two figures walking towards her. They were both dressed in black suits.

"Great" Kara thought.

Science class was boring as normal yet Lilly managed to survive it. Only just, mind.

She noted down what was needed and highlighted pieces in her workbook to review when tests come up. She wanted to be out as fast as possible.

The two men soon reached Kara.

"We have word from your father he wants you at today's meeting with Marie" One suit toward her before they turned and walked away.

"Not what I need"

Boredom settled in and Lilly started to feel a little tired. She placed her book on her desk in an upright position and lay her head down behind it. She chuckled to herself as this was the sort of thing that Haley'll do.

She closed her eyes and let the teacher drone on about stuff she already knew.

Kara then finally made it to her english class she was a little late. Yet the teacher seemed to already know why and all.

The teacher then went on about what the class had been doing. And Kara tried her best to get back into the swing of things.

Lilly was woken up by the bell ringing. It must be break time. She stretched and yawned before putting her books away. She felt the need for relief so she left the classroom and headed to the toilets.

Once finished in them, she headed to where she believed Kara would meet her. The main quad of the school. She was shocked when she saw two familiar figures by the large tree.

"Miss me?" Haley asked with a smile.

"Hello, Lilly." Holly greeted Lilly.

"What are you two doing here?!" Lilly asked in surprise.

"We got transferred from our old school to here. Something about allowing us to reach our full potential?" Holly answered.

Kara finally got started on her lesson and yet time seemed to fly by. Soon the bell rang and she started to pack up her things. Leaving the room since it was now break she decided to go find Lilly.

It was only several moments later when she walked outside. She spotted Lilly over near her tree and walked over to her. Yet once she got closer she spotted Haley and Holly.

"Um, why are you girls here?" Kara asked.

"We're the new transfer students for Class 5E" Haley replied with a smile.

"In short, our old Headmaster thought it best to transfer us here. I think he'd had enough of Haley's antics." Holly stated.

"We've yet to get our uniforms. We were told we'll get them at lunch." Haley told the pair.

Lilly sighed.

"Passing the headache on, was he?" Lilly joked.

"Guess you could say that." Holly shrugged,

"Anyway. You look cute in your matching uniforms." Haley said to Kara and Lilly. "Although, they emphasise Lilly's love handles and flat chest." She added on with a giggle.

Kara gave both girls hugs when she saw them. "I missed you both" She said. Then listened to what was said.

"That's nice and all but at least we get to see each other again" Kara said with a smile.

She blushed at Haley's comment. "I tried to help them grow but I guess I didn't do a good job" Kara replied.

She then thought about what she and Lilly spoke with earlier.

"We have made up our minds on who is teaching who with their magic. I'll be teaching you Haley and Lilly shall be teaching Holly. Then once things are underway and given time we shall switch students" Kara told the pair.

A devious smile filled Haley's face for a moment before returning to her usual happy look.

"Okay." Haley answered.

"If you insist." Holly replied.

"I'm not fat!" Lilly told Haley angrily. "I'm just a little bigger due to a growth spurt!"

"I never said you were. Guilty conscience? Late night snacking not helping?" Haley answered with a smile.

"S-stop it!" Lilly said with a blush.

"Pity the growth spurt didn't help your pancake chest." Haley giggled.

Kara caught the smile on Haley's face.

She then thought of something to do. Hiding herself in the wind she used this to fondle Lilly's chest.

"Maybe this will help them grow?" Kara offered.

She then walked over to Haley and leaned towards her, "Can we have fun again later?" She asked in a quiet tone.

If this was what her school life was going to be like now, Lilly wondered what she had done and which deity she must have upset to get this forced upon her. Nothing was worse than having younger siblings attend the same school as an older one. Especially if one of them had a mischievous streak to them and liked to tease their older sibling.

Lilly gasped as she felt the wind fondle her breasts,

"Stop it!" She groaned.

"We can now." Haley answered with her mischievous smile. "We've got around ten minutes of break left and the whole of lunch. This year's going to be fun."

Holly shook her head and sighed.

"I'm just helping you out" Kara replied with a smile. She used the wind to pinch Lilly's nipples gently then went back to fondling them but then stopped.

"What do you want to do then?" Kara asked Haley. She used some of her own magic to tickle Haley's peach.

In the back of her mind something seemed to be awakening.

Haley giggled at the clitoral stimulation which Kara was giving her.

"We should tease Lilly some more. It's more fun when we do it together." Haley whispered in response to Kara.

"Anyway, this is not like our old school, Haley. This is a private academy which expects the best and more out of its students. We don't have time to be playing around and you certainly have no time to sleep in class." Holly explained. "You'd also better act like the young lady you are meant to be and attend to bodily needs before it is too late. We're with older students now and we must make it look like we're meant to be here and not in some play-school."

She kept this up on Haley for a while longer. But also stopped and smiled to herself. "Then I'll begin" She replied in a whisper.

Kara used the wind again but this time started to fondle Lilly's peach through her panties. She teased it with gentle touches and caresses. She even used the wind to push her panties up inside of her.

What Kara really wanted was for Lilly to some how remember her dream from the other night.

"Kara, please. Stop it." Lilly whined as she moved around. The coldness of the wind was making her need the toilet again.

Haley created the illusion of the fountain again behind Lilly and made it so that only she could hear it. This evoked a stronger response from Lilly.

"Haley, quit it!" Lilly demanded. "This is no time to play around."

"What do you mean? I'm not doing anything." Haley lied with her innocent child act. Lilly didn't buy it.

"That won't work on me, young lady!" Lilly angrily retaliated.

She again used the wind to fondle Lilly's girlhood she used the wind. To play with it much like she would she walked over to Lilly and placed a hand upon her shoulder. "I like this version of you as being desperate" Kara whispered.

She again had the wind fondle Lilly's lower parts. She tried to picture herself doing this to Lilly instead. As the wind pushed her panties further into Lilly's girlhood.

"That's IT!" Lilly shouted. "Stop it, you two!"

She then turned and headed back to the main building. She then went into the toilets and let out what Haley and Kara had built up in her.

"She's none too happy." Haley stated unnecessarily.

"I wonder why that could be?" Holly asked sarcastically.

Kara stopped and watched as Lilly left them alone. She then went back to Haley "would you like to spend Wendensday afternoon with me?" Kara asked Haley. "And Holly how about Thursday? Kara added.

As she thought about thos days. It seemed that she grabbed her head in pain again. As if using that magic had a bad affect on her.

"I'm fine with that. I know it'll be fun." Haley answered.

"I don't mind." Holly replied.

Lilly finished up in the toilets, going through the usual process, and headed back to the group.

"You okay, Kara?" Haley asked as Kara grabbed her head in pain.

"I can detect a large increase in magic." Holly said in response. "The centre of it seems to be Kara. Maybe it's a magical build up?"

Before Kara had grabbed her head in pain she had heard what both girl's had said. "I'd like for you both to pick out a place you'd like to go and we can go there. Also Haley I wanna challenge you to that ice cream game again" Kara told the pair.

It was only after that she had grabbed her head in pain.

"N...no" Kara muttered to Haley.

She seemed to drop to her knees, as the power she had used upon Lilly and Haley. Had caused the dark part of her mind to awaken a tiny bit.

"This is only the begining" The evil voice said.

"I leave you alone for a few minutes and you start to act like this?!" Lilly said as she ran back to Kara's side. "I know something's wrong. Don't try to hide it."

"Nothing to do with me." Haley said, thinking that Lilly would go through her usual process of blaming Haley.

"I think it's a build up of magic." Holly suggested. "I can sense a lot of magic around her. Maybe she just needs to shoot out a little."

Kara heard what Lilly had said through the pain in her head. "She didn't do anything" Kara says. Through the pain as she tries to get to her feet.

Though fell forward again.

"Just let me out I know you want to" her mind's voice spoke again.

A dark power began to gather around her. It wasn't dark per say just felt really evil. Like it had been locked away or something and was just begging to be released.

"I'm not blaming Haley, I'm blaming you. You're too evasive. I know something's up." Lilly answered Kara's statement.

"Anyone got healing magic?" Holly asked the group. "That might help."

She then sensed the dark energies emanating from Kara.

"I think it's more than a magical build up now. Something's trying to get out." Holly announced.

For a brief few seconds a clear look came to Kara's eyes as she turned to Lilly. "Stay out of this!" Kara hissed. Yet she said this in a voice that wasn't her own.

The clear look in her eyes seemed to return to normal.

Again the dark part of her mind tried to awaken again and gain control. "Just a little more" It said before Kara fell forward and passed out from the pain.

"She's not herself. Something's trying to take her over, although I don't know what." Holly said as she turned away. "It hurts to look at her. The energy she's emitting is too strong."

Kara then fell to the floor and passed out.

"Call the Magic Teacher." Lilly told the twins. "Go to the main office and ask for Mrs June and tell her to meet me in the infirmary. I'll take Kara there."

Lilly picked Kara up with her fireball magic and led her over to the infirmary while Holly and Haley headed to the main office.

She didn't feel herself being picked up and carried away.

Inside of her mind Kara was bombared by various images all of the time where. She had spent it killing or hurting those who would do her harm. She saw herself standing in the town square with the dead bodies at her feet. She saw herself standing among a pile of ruins which appeared to be a building of some sort.

To her left and right side she saw both twins and Lilly laying among the rubble, They appeared to be quite beaten up looking down she spotted blood on her hands. Reaching up she brought her fingers to her lips and licked the blood off of them.

She walked slowly down the rubble over to Lilly and reached down and picked her up. By her neck "you shall be first" The evil part of her side. Before she snapped Lilly's neck and dropped her to the ground.

Lilly arrived in the infirmary and set Kara down on a vacant bed. She hoped that the twins knew where the main office was, even though they couldn't miss it if they entered the main building. She noticed the time on the clock above the beds. She really should be in her lesson now but she didn't want to leave Kara alone.

The twins arrived at the main office and Holly explained the situation, Haley was not one for tense situations, she could never get her words out right. Mrs June followed the two back to the infirmary and Lilly led her over to the bed with Kara on.

Evil Kara walked over to Haley next and picked her up. "You were always the fun one" She replied. Reaching down she kissed her on the lips before snapping her neck as well. Dropping the lifeless body to the group she walked over to Holly.

"Ah, and now you the shy one always hiding behind other people you make me sick" Evil Kara yelled as she brought her foot down into Holly's stomach kicking her again and again. Yer laughing for sheer delight, "There was a time when I liked you most of all" Evil Kara answered.

She reached down and picked up Holly. Then with her left hand ripped open Holly's battle outfit.

Go to your lessons, girls." Lilly said to the twins.

"But we're worried about Kara as well." Haley replied.

"Sorry but I'm not about to leave her." Holly answered.

"It's your first day here so the teacher's will be less lenient. You could get into serious trouble." Lilly argued.

"So what? We don't want to leave Kara. Let them punish us." Haley retaliated.

Lilly knew there was no point in reasoning with them. She also didn't care what her teachers may think of her. She wanted Kara to get better.

Evil Kara tore the outfit off of Holly. "Perfect this is how I want to remember you helpless and beaten" Evil Kara said.

Mrs June arrived a few moments later. She had gotten the jest of what had happened to Kara from Lilly who a moment ago just told her,

"I can feel alot of dark magic around her, seems like some part of her mind as awakened and let out it's darkness" Mrs June told everyone.

She walked over and placed a hand upon Kara head she was burning up. Closing her eyes she searched through Kara's mind. "It seems a seal was placed inside of her and it's cracked I believe I can fix it though it will take time" She added.

"So, she's crazy?" Haley asked.

"Haley! She's not crazy. She's just a little out of control at the moment." Holly cut in.

"A seal? What kind of seal?" Lilly asked. She'd read about seals before and she wanted to know just what was wrong with Kara.

Lilly stayed by Kara's side and held her hand in her own. She didn't want Kara to be alone. If the seal placed on her was one of the major seals then she might have something seriously wrong with her. Why would her magic need to be sealed?

"She's not crazy it's more like a part of her she didn't want is in control" Mrs June said. She then looked over at Lilly.

"It's a powerful one actually it's mainly used to lock things away so they couldn't be released. Unless the one who cast the spell wanted to rid itself of it" She replied.

"It just seems like the seal has weakened some I can fix it given time" She spoke.

"Any idea what it's locking away?" Lilly asked. As it was a major seal it must be locking something very dangerous away.

"I thought I could sense powerful magic." Holly said to herself. "She's practically glowing with the stuff."

Holly managed to look at Kara now. She was certainly emanating something really strong but she was unsure what.

"Just what are you hiding?" She quietly asked.

"All I can say is that it seems like a dark evil part more like a split personality" Mrs June answered.

She started to chant softly to herself as a small light began to form around Kara, "It's really terrible magic" She said between chants the aura around Kara was starting to work it's magic.

Then seal in her mind was starting to fix and repair itself.

"So she's crazy." Haley concluded.

"No she isn't! She's a little torn apart that's all." Holly answered.

"Two powers are in combat with one another. This is certainly weird." Lilly stated.

Lilly knew what she'd do. When she got home, she'll go into her library and look up the various seals to try and determine which one was on Kara. Hopefully this shall bring a little light to the current events.

The evil Kara within Kara's mind seemed to know what was happening to her. She felt the walls breaking down. "No, No" She screamed. As she started to fade away.

Back in the real world the access magic that had been around Kara seemed to backlash sending a strong turrent of wind ripping through the infirmary. Mrs June was knocked to the floor. But still kept of the chanting.

"I didn't know it was this strong" She said.

"Something's definitely not happy with this." A shocked Holly said as she picked herself off the floor.

"Told you." Haley announced as she got up off the floor.

Lilly got up off the floor and went back to Kara's side. She accessed her magic as she put a small wall around Kara.

"This should stop any more freak wind accidents." Lilly told the group. "I'll need to keep it up though."

This was no ordinary split personality. Something was fighting for control over Kara. Something so strong that it can shatter a major seal with ease. Lilly didn't know what it was but she knew she'd rather not face it in combat.

The seal within Kara's mind was about half fixed at this point but still the access evil magic. Was still around in the very air. It shot off against Lilly's shield wall battering it again and again.

"I may need some help here go get Mr Anderson the other magic teacher" Mrs June told Haley.

She kept chanting but it seemed like the seal was starting to weaken again. A much stronger gust of wind shot off as Kara's body rose slowly into the air from the bed.

Evil Kara felt the strong rush of magic in the air and she liked it.

