A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*014*2014-07-26 01:12

Another chapter is here for you all to read.

Chapter 12: Darkness Awakens

All of a sudden, Holly was stuck by a weird dizzy spell and she started to see double of everything. She staggered around a little and nearly fell over her own sword. She sensed that it was not normal dizziness. Someone was rigging the battle in Haley's favour! But who?!

"I've gotta...fight it..." Holly said to herself mentally. She then felt another magic try to influence her but, expecting it, she managed to block it out of her mind. "Did Haley...?"

Haley saw all of Holly's weird acting and felt rather annoyed at it. Did she take pity on her as well?

"Stop faking it!" Haley shouted at Holly. "I know you're just trying to beat me through trickery again!"

"I'm not...doing this." Holly answered. "Gotta fight, gotta win." She told herself mentally. She staggered forward and attempted to slash Haley. Haley just stepped to the side as the attack was telegraphed like crazy.

"Come on! Don't you think I'm worth the fight?!" Haley asked angrily and somewhat hurt.

"Just because I'm not the best at magic or combat you think you need to wrap me up in cotton wool and act all like you're trying when you're not?! Well, guess what, I DON'T NEED IT! I can do this myself! I'm through with all you're pampering to me like I'm useless! Kara, you and even Lilly does it! I HATE IT! I HATE IT!" Haley shouted.

A black fire started to cloak her blade. It started out small but soon rose as her anger did.

"Fight me! Come on! FIGHT!" Haley shouted at Holly again. "Do something! Quite staggering around!"

The black fire became more intense and soon her whole blade was alight with it. A change seemed to come over Haley. Her eyes became deadened and her fighting pose became more serious.

"If you're going to act that way then fine!" Haley angrily stated. She then blinked over to Holly and barraged her with strikes. Her actual fighting ability seemed to have increased tenfold in a matter of seconds. Holly was quickly beaten back and disarmed. Her blade was thrown into the air to embed itself tip-first into the ground. Holly herself was lying on the floor near unconscious. Haley had hit her with the hilt of her blade flat in the side of her head. Blood trickled from the small gash near her left eye.

"You're pathetic." Haley smirked at Holly. "Pathetic people don't deserve to live."

"Haley?" Holly weakly asked. She knew a heavy magical change had come over her. Haley rose her blade above Holly's chest and pointed the axe tip towards her heart. "Please. The battle's over. You've won."

"Battle?" Haley asked with a chuckle. "This is personal. Not some cheap little imitation fight."

"But..." Holly continued as tears welled up in her eyes. "What about Lilly? What would she do if you killed me?"

The mention of Lilly's name seemed to cause a strong reaction in Haley. She grabbed her head in pain and staggered back. She appeared to be fighting something from within herself. The fires on her blade crackled and flickered like a dying hearth. Eventually, Haley quickly ran back up to Holly and thrust her sword down right into...

...the ground near Holly.

The fires disappeared and Haley came back to her senses.

"What did I...? What have I...?" She asked herself before running away from the fight and back towards the school building.

Holly was left on the floor crying as a small puddle formed underneath her.

"Lilly?" Holly quietly sobbed.

Kara watched as everything unfolded before her she saw as Haley awakened some sort of darkness. Within her and suddenly attacked Holly with out a care in the world she also listened to what she had said it seemed that she was sick of the way all three of them had been acting to her as of late. She was about to step into the battle to save Holly when it seemed that Haley came to her senses and then run off.

Kara was torn between what to do.

The teacher had watched everything and quickly ran up to Holly. "Are you ok?" She asked to Holly as she noticed the small puddle under her. "We best get you inside to the infirmary" She added and started to lead Holly towards the building.

It had been her fault that this change had come over Haley. She looked in the direction of which Haley had run off in. The very wind around her began to blow something heavy and Kara seemed to vanish amongist the wind right before she appeared right in front of Haley. Chanting softly to herself both her and Haley were engulfed within a simple white barrier that transported them to another area.

It looked just like where they currently were which was the school but if something were. To be destroyed here then nothing would happen in the real world.

"Haley listen I can understand how you currently feel you are hurt and feel betrayed at how we are all treating you. We don't want to hurt you and we are trying our best to teach you and help you grow stronger." Kara told her.

"But you must understand one thing this new power that you've awakened within yourself. Can only lead to pain and suffering if you let it go out of control. You need to learn to either lock it away or find a way to safely use it to protect those you care about" She added.

"I can help you through this if you let me I don't want to see you fall into darkness. Like I did so long ago when my mother was killed. Please let me help you?" Kara asked as she took a step forwards towards Haley.

Holly was still lying on the floor crying when she felt someone help her up. In a fit of panic, Holly fought against who was holding her and tried to get away.

"Let me go!" Holly screamed. "I want Lilly! I WANT LILLY!"

Holly continued to struggle against who was holding on to her as she wildly tried to seek safety from the only source she trusted.

Haley was running along through the school building crying her eyes out. Millions of questions buzzed through her head as she tried to make sense of everything that happened to her. She didn't know what to do. She dreaded to think what Lilly would make of it all. Would she disown her? Silence her? Or forgive her? She skidded to a halt when she saw Kara blocking the way. She was in no mood to listen to Kara.

"Go away!" She shouted at Kara. "Leave me alone! I want Lilly!"

The teacher had only been trying to help Holly. "Holly please calm down we will bring Lilly to you soon enough" The teacher said. She then let go of Holly and let her be.

This was all her fault that this happened she had tried to offer help but it seemed Haley didn't want it. "I want to help you please?" Kara asked. She wasn't about to let Haley out of her sight she knew that if Haley went out of control again someone would get hurt.

"You will see her again in time"

Holly went running off towards where she sense Lilly's presence. She didn't care where she was or what she was doing. She just wanted her. She didn't feel safe without her. Her clothes returned to normal and the sword left in the battle arena disappeared.

"Help me?!" Haley asked. "How can you help me?! GO AWAY!"

Haley summoned her sword, which was already starting to flare a little with the same inky black fires as before.

"Go away! Or I'll make you!" Haley threatened as she went into her fighting pose.

Kara listened to Haley and walked as she summoned her sword.

"I can help you because I I've been through this just as your going through it now. Please let me help you?" Kara asked in a kind tone.

She saw as Haley went into a fighting pose.

"You think you know me?!" Haley snapped at Kara. "Well, guess what, you DON'T! Just because Lilly says I'm predictable it doesn't mean I am! Lilly's just the same! She thinks she knows me when she doesn't. Holly's just as bad as well!"

Tears were starting to form in Haley's eyes as she continued her argument.

"Leave me alone! You don't know me! NOBODY knows me as well as I do! I know what I want, I know what I need and I KNOW WHAT I AM! You don't even know the first thing about me! Just because you've spent a lot of time with me it doesn't automatically make you understand me! QUIT ACTING LIKE YOU DO!"

The black fire around Haley's sword ignited into a blaze. It looked like the whole sword was literally forged from the flames. Her eyes didn't take on the previous deadened gaze, though. They were still as clear and focused as ever. She was giving in to the fires of rage burning inside her and igniting her blade. Without a second thought, she lunged straight at Kara.

"JUST DIE!" She screamed at Kara.

Kara listened to what Haley had to say to her. "I know how you are feeling right now." Kara replied quietly as she then heard Haley mention Lilly. But she said nothing about them to Haley at the moment.

She could see the tears that were coming down Haley's eyes.

"Is this truly what you want, no it isn't your just confused and yet you run to the one person who you think can help you. She isn't her this darkness within you I know about you've seen it. Fought against it remember. I may not know you all that well, but I do know about this fucking darkness inside of you. DAMN IT Haley please don't do this" Kara asked.

The fire around her blade increased. She saw Haley take on the same form she had taken against Holly.

Kara jumped out of the way of Haley's lunge as the darkness within Haley increased the barrier inside of Kara's mind was starting to weaken, Her head started to ache and she grasped her head with her hands.

"SHUT UP!" Haley shouted. "SHUT UP, SHUT UP, SHUT UP!"

Haley wasn't listening to a word Kara was saying. She saw her as nothing more than an obstacle preventing her from reaching her goal. She was expendable, much like a blade of grass in a field. Yet something within her prevented her from causing any real harm to Kara.

"Just go! I don't want to do this. I just want Lilly!" Haley cried. "You're forcing my hand. Move out the way before I have no other choice. I don't wanna hurt you. Lilly's the only one who can help me now."

Through the pain within her head Kara started to speak once again.

"Lilly's not here right now but I am, Haley I'm not trying to force anything out of you. I'm just trying to help you but that can only work if you allow me to. I'm not here to hurt you or harm you" Kara explained.

She held up her hands in a non threatening manner.

"They all say that!" Haley shouted back. The paranoia caused by her change was getting to her. "Only Lilly can help me now!"

"Kill her." A voice calmly instructed Haley. She'd heard that voice before. She knew who it was but she couldn't place their name. "She's nothing but an obstacle, right? You'd not care for a rock on the path before you kick it."

Haley was torn between listening to this familiar voice in her head or her own personal feelings. Was Kara actually trying to help her or was she just saying she would.

"What are you waiting for? She's prone. Look, she's even holding her hands up in surrender." The voice continued. Haley knew that voice at it was becoming clearer. She could almost place it. "Useless weakling! I'll do it myself then!"

Against her will, Haley dived towards Kara and went to strike her down. Haley's blade struck something but it didn't feel like it cut anything.

"Stop it!" Another voice instructed Haley. She knew this voice as well. She knew who it was. It was Lilly. "Fight it! Control your magic before it controls you!"

Through a blurry daze, Haley saw Lilly, fully dressed in her battle outfit, with a fire sword raised above her head to parry Haley's' own blade.

"First rule of controlling magic: Control your emotions!" Lilly told Haley. "Emotions are the root of our power. If we let them run rampant then our magic will as well."

"If she was here she could but she not yet I'm here instead" Kara told her. She remained for a short time where she was standing. She looked at Haley who seemed to confused about something.

"Please Haley don't listen to that voice all it wants to do is cause nothing but pain and suffering" Kara replied. She saw as Haley lunged at her once again. She was about to dodge it again as the blade came down. Then something appeared to block the downward strike.

Kara then heard Lilly's voice and saw as she appeared. Instead of saying anything Kara turned and walked away leaving Lilly with Haley instead.

"Stay here. She needs to know you're not a threat." Lilly told Kara as she saw she was about to walk off.

"Lilly?" Haley asked, not quite believing what she was seeing.

"Yes, it's me." Lilly said with a comforting smile. "You're just a little out of it at the moment. You just need to take some deep breaths."

"Lies!" The voice continued in Haley's mind. "She's trying to trick you! Strike her down as well!"

"But she's my sister." Haley responded mentally.

"Who's to say that she really is? She could just be created by magic to look like her."

Haley was still in conflict with herself. Lilly could see this and thought of a plan quickly.

"Haley, if you really want to, you can strike me down as well. I won't let you harm Kara. You've already hurt Holly and I don't want you to hurt other people." Lilly calmly stated to Haley.

"Are you mad at me?" Haley asked, showing some semblance to her normal self.

"A little, yes. You shouldn't be flaunting your magic like that. I thought you'd already learned how to control your magic and that's why I let you wield that blade."

"So you are mad at me?"

"More importantly, I'm just happy you've not hurt yourself in the process. You're going on a time out when you get in but, after that, I'll treat you to something nice."

Haley appeared to be calming down but something was still eating away at her as her blade's flame was not out yet. From the shadows in a corner away from the group, a pair of red eyes were locked onto Haley. They were unblinking and unflinching, like two red lights in the darkness. From their vantage point, the group would not be able to see these eyes but they could see the group.

"So, put your sword away and let's all kiss and make up." Lilly suggested with smile.

"You won't hurt me?" Haley asked.

"Why would I do that?"

The flames were dying and the red eyes weren't too pleased. They now took on an animal leer, like they were trying to intimidate something. The flames returned to nothing but cinders and the blade disappeared. They eyes were no longer watching, they disappeared like they were never there in the first place. Haley dropped to her knees and cried. Lilly went over to her and held her in a tight hug.

"There, there." Lilly comforted Haley. She then looked behind her at Holly and, if she was still there, Kara and indicated for them to come over. Holly was reluctant and refused to move from her spot but, eventually, she managed to sum up the courage to go over to Lilly. She had a huge bruise by her left eye and a small bandage covering the gash left behind from Haley's blade bash.

Kara stopped walking away when she heard Lilly speak to her. "I had everything under control" She told Lilly. Not really liking the fact that it seemed that Lilly was the one to reach Haley when Kara. Herself knew full well what Haley had been going through. She watched as both Haley and Lilly spoke to one another.

"I can damn well take care of myself" The voice in Kara's mind said. She said nothing only to see the blade and fire around it that Haley had been using vanish from sight. Also Holly had come over as well right as Haley dropped to her knees and started crying. Lilly went over and hugged her before after a short while Holly went and did so as well.

That left Kara alone she stood motionless for a short while watching as the other. Girls hugged Haley she walked over and joined them and gave Haley a tight hug but then a minute later. Let go over her she turned to Lilly. "I want to ask you something?" Kara asked.

"I would like to become Haley's teacher in the magical artes I would like to help her learn to control. The darkness within her as a means for good. I believe of she were to beable to use this power while in control she can become stronger." Kara told her.

She kneeled down next to Haley. "I want to help you through this as I know all about that sort of power. I know that it scares you and is hard to control but I would like to help you to overcome it and be the victor" Kara told Haley.

"Well, I think- " Lilly tried to say.

"I DON'T WANT IT!" Haley shouted out through tears. "I hate it! It made me hurt Holly, nearly hurt you and strike Lilly!"

"That's what I was about to say." Lilly pointlessly added on the end.

After hugging Haley, Holly hid behind Lilly again and refused to move. Haley terrified her now and she didn't want to get hurt again.

Haley was still far from being comforted but it'll have to do for now.

"I think it's best if we got her home soon." Lilly told Kara. "She's in no condition to do well in school at the moment and I'm pretty much stranded in a room for the day so I'll look after her."

Kara said nothing as she heard Haley shout that she didn't want any help. "Useless bitch be a slave to the darkness within you for the remainder of your days" The voice in Kara's mind said once again. She looked to Lilly "Forget it then" She replied in a normal tone there was anger building within her.

She looked over at Holly who was hiding behind Lilly. "What a wuss going to wet yourself in fear? going to hide behind your bitch of a sister for the rest of your life? What did I ever see in being your friend little cunt!" The voice spoke again.

Kara was the only one who heard the voice which was the darker part of her. She last looked back at Lilly. "Take them home it would be for the best and take care of them.' Kara told her.

"Am I a third wheel here they all go running to your little ass. I try and help but no one wants it no one fucking cares I understand better than anyone want Haley is going through yet not once did anyone ask for my help. Because they want your god damned help!" The dark voice spoke again.

As she was still shielded from the others she made the barrier which she had created. In case Haley went out of control vanish.

"I think we'd best all sleep in my room tonight. Holly's not going to want to be without me, Haley will probably be the same and we can't leave you alone, can we? It won't be fair on you." Lilly suggested.

She picked up Haley and held her in a cradle carry. Haley just held on tight to Lilly as Holly grabbed hold of Lilly's blouse and followed her along the hallway.

"You'd better get back to lessons, unless you want to spend some time in ISS. That's where I'm likely going to be stuck. I doubt they'll let me go home early." Lilly told Kara before she walked off.

She was still watching all three girls. "If that's the way you want it" Kara replied softly. Still doing her best to hide the raising anger within her, She started to walk away from Kara down the hallway with both girls.

"Don't worry about me take them home school doesn't matter at the moment if they are both scared" Kara said gently. She rose her hand into the air and ball it into a fist she felt like slamming it against the wall but. Instead gripped her nails into her hand extra hard until she drew blood.

Kara turned away from the and headed back in the oppisite direction. Until she was out of sight of Lilly and the twins she had arrived outside. Then suddenly slammed his fist into the ground not once bit twice forming a small tiny crater.

"All, the damn same" She snapped. Before walking off and vanishing in a haze of wind.

Thankfully, Lilly managed to talk her way out of her imprisonment and delay it a further day. Just looking at her terrified sisters was enough to earn her a day's probation. That, accompanied with the fact that both girls would be home alone unless Lilly went along with them, was all that was needed before she could leave. She thanked the teacher in charge and headed off home.

Kara was still on the campus so she had lunch right now. Yet she wasn't really hungry and didn't want to be around anyone she was to angry for that. So instead she just walked over to the edge of the field and sat down on the grass with her back against the fench. As she looked at the school thoughts of the others went through her head.

"No one cares, no one does its all them right now because of all that's happened"

Twenty minutes after leaving school, Lilly stopped by the ice cream parlour she visited a little while ago to try and clam her sisters down with a cold treat. Haley appeared to cheer up a little but Holly was still clinging to Lilly all the time. She refused to look at Haley for fear of her attacking her again. She even refused to go toilet with Haley and insisted that Lilly came along with her instead. It would appear that Holly was scarred quite badly from this whole ordeal. It'll probably take a long while before she's comfortable around Haley.

Still feeling like she was nothing of a third wheel after everything that had happened. Since she was still to blame for Haley going dark after having rigged the fight in her favour. She closed her eyes and felt out for the others. She found them after a short time since she located Haley's magical helix. They wouldn't tell it was since Kara was still shielded from being dected by anything.

"Little pain" She thought.

He eyes grew dark and something unseen slapped Haley rather hard across the face.

At the moment in time in which Kara had sent something to slap Haley, Lilly and Holly were in the toilets. Lilly was running the dryer for Holly while she was using the toilet. Haley yelped in pain and instantly brought a hand up to cradle where she'd been hit rather hard. It felt like someone had brought a frozen tuna and slapped her dead in the face with it. Tears started to form in her eyes as she rubbed her red cheek.

Lilly and Holly left the toilets and noticed that Haley looked like she'd been hurt with something.

"What happened?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Something slapped me hard on my cheek." Haley explained, her words half choked by tears.

"What was it?"

"I don't know. One minute I was sitting here waiting and the next - BLAM! - something hit my face."

Lilly was a little confused by Haley explanation and then something dawned on her. Whenever inexplicable things happened to either her or the girls, the wind was normally involved. Putting two and two together, Lilly concluded that Kara was a potential suspect for everything now.

"Kara." Lilly growled through gritted teeth. What she did to Haley was unforgivable. She'd already been through enough today so why add insult to injury and slap her in the face?

It seemed that they had found her out. Even though she was shielded she just didn't care anymore. She just didn't care let them know it was who who cared.

The barrier in Kara's mind came crashing down as she fully gave into the darkness that she had been feeling. "I hate you all go die DAMN IT!" Kara raged as the a light above the three shattered. Sending glass raining down upon them or at them at least.

"They never cared no one ever cares" She floated into the air and headed towards her own home.

Lilly could see the light flickering and she could also sense strong magic in use. She quickly grabbed both girls and placed her body above them before activating her shield and blocking the explosion of the light.

"What's happening?" Holly asked in terror.

"I knew it!" Lilly angrily stated. "Kara's been playing us all along! It was all nothing more than a fabricated lie!"

Lilly was starting to see a plan forming in her mind. Kara had agreed with her father that he'll act to kick her out of the house and make Lilly take care of her. Kara was then acting as a mole between the works and sending information back to Kale about Lilly and her sisters. It was all nothing more than a ploy to discover Lilly's weakness and cause the Sera family to collapse so Kale could rule the town.

"That bitch!" Lilly shouted. She then changed into her battle outfit and followed Kara's magical signature. "Stay here!" She called back to her sisters. She then looked over at the store manager. "Look after them, please." The store manager nodded in shock and Lilly set off towards the school.

The glass just fell upon Lilly it didn't really harm her. Yet it wanted to yet something seemed to hold it back.

Kara had finally arrived at her own house. Which was still surrounded by all the newa vans from this morning. As she landed on the ground she looked around in confusion, "What's going on?" Kara asked. One of the news reportors saw Kara and ran up to her.

"Is it true did your father truly drug and force Marie Sera to have sexual intercourse with him?" The reporter asked. Kara was taken aback by this as this was the first time she heard this.

"N-No by father wouldn't do anything like that" Kara told him.

"Yet we have proof a taped confession from Ms Marie Sera herself saying everything was true" He spoke again.

"I told you my father would never do such a thing" Kara snapped the wind raged around her and lashed out at the man knocking him to the ground.

Anothe reporter and a camera man were filming everything that was going on.

"We are reporting live at the Ravenclaw Estate it would seem the Kale Ravenclaw's daughter Kara Ravenclaw has just attacked one of our reporters with what appeared to be something strange"

While running to where she sensed the signal from, Lilly heard a new report. It appeared that her mother had done something to upset the Ravenclaws as news vans were outside their house. She also hear, and saw, Kara attack a reporter.

"Running home to your Daddy, huh?" Lilly taunted. "Too weak to face me yourself? Are you terrified?"

What a joke.

Lilly quickly turned tail and used the building to her advantage. She wall hiked her way up to the roof of a building from a nearby alleyway and free-ran her way across the rooftops towards the bridge. She'd not try her luck with the road considering what happened last time.

Kara was trembling with rage as she heard the other reporters. Speaking she just couldn't take it anymore. "Enough" Kara screamed. The wind lashed out around her striking the ground just inches from the other reporters.

"What is going on it seems like the wind has suddenly grown stronger for weird reasons we can't explain" One of the reporters said, As they turned their cameras on Kara once again and moved from behind their vans.

She had heard what Lilly did but ignored it. She was to busy raging out. the barrier in her mind shattering piece by piece,

"I told you all my father would never force himself upon anyone let alone drug them" She roared. She took steps forward her hair dancing in the wind. Yet could what they have been said been the truth or a lie could the Sera's have done something to ruin. Her father's image and hers as well?

"Y-You were using me?" Kara asked herself. "I will not be treated like a full" Kara screamed. The wind around her raged out of control.

Lilly had reached the bridge by now when she could sense some magic entering her space. She wondered if Yukina was still playing puppet for Kara's father. To her surprise, Haley and Holly teleported in.

"I told you to stay at the store!" She scolded her sisters.

"You can't do this alone." Holly answered. "Kara's given in to her power again. I can sense it."

Haley said nothing as she toyed with something in her hand. It looked, at first, like a black necklace. Lilly knew that Haley wasn't one for jewellery so where did she get it from? She couldn't see what was on the necklace, she could only see the chain.

"It's too dangerous. Go back." Lilly continued.

"No." Holly replied. "I won't. Three on one is fair when powers like Kara's are awakened."

Seeing that it was useless arguing, Lilly set off again towards the Ravenclaw mansion. She'll settle the score despite the extra two people.

Kara grabbed her head in pain as she screamed and lashed out with the wind. The reporters were back to hiding behind their vans once again. Yet a few were still filming her Kara's clothes seemed to change into her battle outfit. She cried out once again in pain and dropped to her knees she looked around. She then felt as Lilly was drawing closer and it appeared to her that both Haley and Holly had decided to join her.

"They want to finish me off?" Kara said to herself.

"It appears that Kara's clothes have changed she seems to be wearing a new outfit which had appeared out of no where how do you explain this Kara?" The same reporter asked again.

"Leave me ALONE!" Kara screamed she thrust a hand at the reporter. He was lifted off the ground and screamed in fear before numerous wind blades sliced into him. Ripping him apart in a spray of blood and entrails.

Lilly could see the Ravenclaw mansion no further than a few hundred feet away from her. She saw the multitude of news vans with some sort of rub substance on them. Paint, maybe? Why would anyone want to throw paint on a news van? She was then hit by the truth of the matter. She knew who had done this due to the excess wind level in the area. Kara had broken the cardinal rule of Lilly's creed: Never harm a civilian. The way Lilly saw it, the blood price had to be paid by none other than Kara herself.

Lilly easily jumped the walls and started off down the driveway towards the main courtyard. She'd have to call upon something she didn't want to but she had no choice in this fight. She summoned up her 'gift' from Chanki. A jagged sword appeared in her hand.

The sword itself was around three feet long, like a normal shortsword. The hilt of the blade was fashioned into the shape of two black and red bat wings. The centre of the hilt, just before the blade itself, had a ruby encrusted into it. The ruby had a black vein through the middle of it, like a slitted eye. The blade itself started out jagged before turning into a cruel ripping machete-like curve. If this sword was thrust into a person and then turned, when it was pulled out it was likely to gut its victim. The blade itself had red flame like patters criss-crossing across the white metal of the blade. The handle was leather bound but it seemed to emit a power of its own. This sword was enchanted with a special enhancement to prevent it from being disarmed or shattered. The pommel of the sword was a rose quartz gem and, from this pommel, hung a pure white chain which was around three inches long. At the end of the chain was a piece of white metal shaped into a lily.

Lilly arrived at the centre of the carnage moments later.

As she looked at the blood upon the ground memeories of her mothers death came flooding back to her. She could clearly see herself standing next to the body of her mouth crying and shaking her, "Mommy please wake up" Kara cried as she shaked her mom. But her mom didn't move a muscle. Kara screamed out in fear. "No, No, NOOOOOO!" Kara cried. She was starting to shake alot now in fear and anger.

She turned around only to see that Lilly had appeared. she stood in the center of the carange the news reporters. turned their camera towards Lilly. "It seems someone new has arrived just who could this person me she seems to be holding so sort of sword in her hands." The reporter said.

"You!" Kara snapped the barrier in her mind fully destroyed and the darkness within her was seeping. Out of her in black waves of power. "Y-you pretended to be my friend just so you could use me and gather dirt on me so your mother could form either a lie or the truth of my father sleeping with her after drugging her?" Kara told Lilly.

"Its lies all lies" Kara shrieked.

Kale had been watching everything from the second storey window.He muttered something and the camera lens shattered before the reporters seemedto fall asleep. Next both Kara and Lilly were taken to a pocket dimension.

Lilly was used to using dual blades so she quickly made one with magic before leaping over a news van and standing in the blood soaked courtyard.

"You do the same!" Lilly shouted back. "You played with mine and my sisters' feelings before crushing us with your lies and deceit! You've no right to live! You've killed an innocent this day and that's an unforgivable sin! Burn in the hells your worship so dearly, demon spawn!"

Lilly and Kara were taken to a pocket dimension by some unseen force. Lilly could also sense Haley and Holly's presence in this space as well yet there were still a little ways away. They should reach the pair soon.

Lilly lunged for Kara with her 'gift' held high as she spun in a full swing towards Kara.

Kara saw as Lilly seemed to form a dual blade in her hand. She leaped up over a news van and came right at her.

"You never cared about me at all. You only used to me to get close to me so what you could kill me at a later date. I told you my true feelings and you didn't care. No ones cares about me I hate you I HATE YOU!!!!!!!" Kara roared.

As Lilly lunged towards Kara her blade slammed into a unseen things with a lound clang. Suddenly a shape began to form and Kara took hold of the weapon. It is a double-edged blade nearly as long as a draich, slightly wider at the point than at the hilt to give the weapon extra to cut with. Its blade was sheathed in a scabbard of black lacquered bone, chased with gold and ornamented with fiery rubies. The weapon's hilt was long and slim, built for two hands and wrapped with dark leather. A large cabochon ruby, like a dragon's eye, gleamed at the point where hilt met blade. It glimmered with power, radiating from the entire blade in waves of invisible heat. The blade has a black finish its edge shone like fire in the gloom.

Kara pulled the blade from its sheath and then swung it at Lilly.

Kara appeared to be misguided. It was her that tricked Lilly and tried to get close to her so she could kill her at a later date. She never cared about Lilly or her sisters.

Lilly was knocked back by the impact against an unseen object which took on the form of a two hander sword. They hit hard but they were really slow and hefty so Lilly's speed could beat her.

Haley and Holly arrived on the battlefield. They both drew their blades.

"How dare you hurt Lilly and me!" Haley shouted at Kara. "You're no friend of ours now! Die!"

"You tricked us so you could kill us?! You don't deserve to live!" Holly shouted at Kara.

"If I have to give myself away to save Lilly, I'll do it!" Haley announced as black fire coursed across her blade. She had the same look as she did back at the school when she went to strike Kara. One thing was different, though. Black back wings appeared in her back and a demon tial replaced her tiger one.

"Don't do it!" Lilly scolded Haley. "Don't become a monster to defeat one!"

"It's my choice!" Haley shot back.

"If I must do the same, then so be it." Holly resolved as she gave in to her power. Unlike Haley, a pure white light covered her blade. The light shone like the sun but it could be looked at without pain. White wings appeared on her back and her blade's wings extended further as well. She looked every bit the angel Lilly saw her as.

"You two, this is too dangerous!" Lilly argued.

"We won't let you face her alone. You have our support. We are one entity. We came from you, remember? Chanki used an ounce of your life force to give us life." Holly told Lilly with a smile. "Please, let us do this."

Kara charged towards Lilly once again and was again about to swing her blade at Lilly. She stopped once she saw as Haley and Holly appeared. She looked at them and just smiled and turned to face them.

"You join her, you join her!" Kara shouted. She watched as Haley changed back into the same form as she had been back at school yet this time she had black wings. She looked to Holly who had white white wings. And her own blade in her hand.

"This is how it is all three of you wish to kill me?" Kara asked. She looked at Haley and laughed and then charged at her, Kara's speed seemed to increase as she was using the wind to increase her movements. "You think that this darkness you control can defeat mine you will never understand what I went through." Kara roared.

She swung her blade as Haley's right and then at her left in a downward swing. Kara then pointed a left hand at Holly. "Teleportation" Kara cast if the spell work on Holly she would be cast to the other side of town. Leaving just Kara to face Haley and Lilly for the time being. She then looked back at Lilly and knew what to do.

"Clap of Thunder" Kara cast. Several bolts of lightning were cast down from the sky at Lilly. Kara did this because she remembered that Lilly was scared of this.

Kale just stood with his arms behind his back. Watching everything unfold before him and smiled everything was working out according to plan. With the magical energy being given off by all the girls. He would soon have enough energy needed to awaken her.

In the centre of town behind the streets. Atop a altar lay a young girl of about 12 years of age she was completely naked and seemed to be asleep. The girl had long black hair with green highlights and small round breasts with cute pointy nipples.

Haley's speed matched that of Kara's. She easily managed to evade the blows. She also managed to catch a swing or two at Kara's sides.

"When I'm fighting with Lilly and Holly, I know I can beat you." Haley calmly answered. "You're nothing compared to our combined power. Holly's kindness and intelligence, Lilly's calm and caring nature and my speed and will."

"Counterspell." Holly quickly cast. The spell turned on Kara and hit her with an arcane blade. "You'll need to do better than that. Spellshield!" Holly cast. A white aura enveloped each girl and would block the next harmful spell used against them

"Not going to work!" Lilly ignored the lightening and continued fighting. "When I'm with these two, my own fears don't matter any more." Lilly was still a little sacred by the lightening but she had something to protect so she couldn't clam up like she normally would. "Being demon spawn you wouldn't understand love! The only thing you know is hatred and fear. You can't even fight fair!"

Lilly flashed above Kara, Holly flashed to her left and Haley to her right.

"Let's go, girls!" Lilly told the pair.

"Eclipse!" All three girls shouted in unison.

A huge moon appeared beneath Kara. The moon was full and bright before a dark shadow crept across it. The shadow appeared to envelop the whole moon but some light still shone through it. The whole battlefield was enveloped in a magical darkness which could not be penetrated. Blows rained down from each side of Kara from each of the girl's blades. There were around 100 strikes in total. The darkness shattered and a blinding white light shone forth from the moon beneath Kara onto the three girls above her. Haley swooped down first and slashed at Kara's right, Holly followed along afterwards and slashed at Kara's left before Lilly came hurtling down towards Kara in a downward thrust.

Kara was slightly surprised tp see that Haley's speed was matching her own. She jumped back just in case Haley tried anything against her. She listened as Haley spoke but said nothing then looked over at Holly who to still be around as her spell had no effect upon her. "Damn it" Kara muttered to herself.

It seemed that all three girls flashed above her. With a quick look down she saw a huge moom appear under her not knowing what it was. Kara soon saw a shadow form and then felt as several blades struck her body. Cutting deep into her cuts appeared on her arms face and neck and body. She screamed out in pain. As blood splashed upon the ground Kara lashed out with hurricane force winds to blow back the trio. These winds blew over 200 mph yet Kara felt more of the blades strike her body.

"You will never understand what I went through you will never know the loss I felt. You will never understand me!" Kara cried.

More and more energy seemed to be drawn towards the figure on the altar.

"Unlike you, we don't pretend to know!" Haley answered.

"You've been through a lot but so have I!" Lilly replied.

"We all have! Unlike you, Haley and I have died!" Holly shouted back.

"Dark Impulse!" Haley cast. A huge ball of darkness shot towards Kara before Haley flashed behind her and slashed at her.

"Blade Ray!" Holly cast. A arc of light shot forth from her blade when she slashed towards Kara. She did two more slashes and two more arcs shot towards Kara as well.

"Purgatory!" Lilly shouted. Her blade flared to life and cloaked itself in twin streams of black and white flames moving in a double helix pattern. Two wings sprouted from Lilly's back. One was an angel wing, like Holly's, which appeared on her left hand side and one was a bat wing, like Haley's, which appeared on her right hand side. "Twilight fades!" Lilly shouted as she disappeared from view. She slashed at Kara's left before quickly moving to her right and slashing again. She then barraged three more blows at Kara before reappearing and blasting her with a black and white flame sphere.

Kara dived to the side to avoid the ball of darkness but felt as Haley's blade cut across her back. Drawing blood she turned around. Pointing her hand at Haley she sent one of the hurricane force winds at her.

She turned around she brought her blade forward and blocked both of Holly's swings barely but was hit back the arc of light. She sent numerous blades of wind at Holly.

Kara turned to face Lilly who had two wings who looked like two wings that one looked like Holly's the next looked like Haley's She then dodged both of Lilly's attack. She had barely anytime to block the next three attacks when she was engulfed in a flaming sphere Kara screamed in pain as she was bathed in the flames. The flames burned her cuts and body until she fell to the ground in a pool of blood.

The energy being gathered was finally enough. Kale had been gathering magical power from various locations around the town in order to awaken her. It was a rather slow process but with the powers of Kara and the Sera's working it seemed that her awakening was drawing nearer and nearer until finally she awoke.

Her eyes seemed to suddenly snap open to reveal a single red eye followed by a golden one. She slowly sat up right upon the altar he long black hair with green highlights falling around her young but beautiful frame. She had lovely a-cup breasts with cute pink nipples that were just begging to be touched and licked. As she looked around the room green touches seemed to light up around her as four large statues each being a statue of one of the familiars of the elements.

She swung her legs around and they parted a tiny bit to reveal a pink hairless mound. And a small pink opening of her peach could clearly be seen. She got to her feet and started to walk around the small stone room. She looked down at herself and wondered what was going on? She felt power being magical transfered to her from someplace far yet it seemed really close by. She looked around the area once more there appeared to be no doors or anything else.

Suddenly she is bathed in green fire and she is soon wearing a black and green bikini outfit and a set of purple-and-cream plated armor which adorned her shoulders and waist. Her hair is tied back using a butterfly-shaped hair accessory and a pair of gauntlets which have petal-like cuffs, both sharing the same color scheme as her attire, and wears a pair of armored boots.

She looks around again and then feels a sharp pain in her head. As old memories seemed to flood into her mind. Memories of a long forgotten childhood where she spent time with her sister and mother along with her father. She looked over to her sister who had long hair with long pink locks who was smiling at her. "I love you Marici" She said with a gentle tone. Marici could that be her real name she still couldn't remember it clearly. She saw more images yet that were blurred though she heard a name. The name she heard was 'Kara' yet she couldn't place who that name belonged to.

Could it be the person in her vision who said she loved her. She saw this person named Kara again as they were hugging each other it appeared the time was christmas she Marici had just opened her present which was a small heart shape onyx. She looked into Kara's eyes and smiled and hugged her crying tears of joy.

"I love you Kara so much" Marici cried.

"K-Kara?" Marici said. She felt another sharp pain as she saw Kara laying in a pool of her own blood. She seemed to be surrounded by what appeeared three young female girls. Each holding a sword pointed at her throat. The vision the fadded.

"Kara!" Marici screamed. Her powers seemed to awaken fully and she was engulfed in green flames she vanished from sight. Only to reappear in the middle of the battle field. She looked upon all three girls. With a look of pure hatred.

"You harmed Kara, You harmed KARA!!" Marici screamed.

Green divine flames surrounded her body. The flames burned wildly and Marici screamed out in rage at them.

"YOU HARMED MY SISTER!!" Marici screamed.

The blows from Kara were glancing at best. Due to Holly's Spellshield, Haley managed to avoid the whirlwind sent by Kara. Holly was too far away for Kara to get a clean shot at her so the attack missed.

Kara was on the floor after the attacks and the three girls were all looking at their ex-friend lying in a pool of her own blood.

"Let her bleed out." Lilly said to her sisters. "She doesn't deserve a quick death."

The were about to leave when both Lilly and Holly felt an extreme magic power which they did not recognise enter the space. A young girl appeared half clad in what looked like a glorified swimsuit.

"I'd advise you to leave before you're sent the same way as her." Lilly told the new figure.

The new combatant screamed in a fit of rage as magic green fire cloaked her.

"Sister?" All three girls asked. They thought Kara was an only child.

"You want to go the same way?" Lilly asked. "Be my guest!"

Marici walked over to Kara she knelt down and ran her fingers across Kara's forehead. Green flames formed around Kara and she was taken away from the fight. She then turned and looked back at the three girls. She walked over and picked up the blade from the ground and held it in her hand.

'You" She spoke. Pointing at Lilly with her blade.

"Will suffer!" Marici yelled. She was engulfed in flames and rushed at Lilly. Then swung her blade at her chest and then at her arms. She jumped backwards stabbed the sword into the ground. then started moving her hands around in complex patterns.

Pillars of fire shot up around. Lilly before they shot down at her.

"Oh really." Lilly chuckled as she avoided the slashes. The speed was immense in comparison to the size of the blade she was using. "You seem to fail to realise something," Lilly continued as the pillars of flame shot towards her. With a flick of her wrist she had complete control of them and sent them back at the new foe. "I control fire. Why do you think I'm called 'White Flame'?"

Lilly lunged for the new girl and did three quick strikes with each blade.

"You're a joke if you think fire can harm me." Lilly laughed.

Holly and Haley watched the fight. They weren't about to take part unless they were requested. The girl seemed to focus on only Lilly so the two felt a little obsolete there.

"Thanks for letting me know" Marici spoke out. She brought her sword up and blocked the six strikes of each blade. Her sword seemed to move on its own to block the attacks. She then looked at the other two girls.

"Fear" Marici cast on Holly. Increases the feelings of fear in a target, putting them into such a cowardly state that even the heartiest of warriors scream like little girls at the sight of their own shadow.

She then looked at Haley. "Betrayal" Marici cast Focuses the target's force of hatred on a second target of the caster's choosing. Which Marici choose as Lilly. Pending on the proneness to violence of the target and his/her already present hatred, this may or may not be an effective spell. Though it is a wonderful tool for breaking up an enemy group.

She looked back at Lilly. "Fires of Passion" Marici cast. Directs blood in the body to concentrate itself around the facial area of a person, causing him or her to blush profoundly.

Her left hand began to glow with power. She pointed it at them soon each of the girls bodies started to feel like giant weights were attached to their bodies. Dragging them down to the ground or like something was crushing them,

Holly still had her spellshield up so the fear attack didn't even touch her. Haley bared no hatred toward Lilly, in fact, she loved her so much she'd never harm her so the betrayal didn't work. Lilly was immune to the blush attack as she didn't even think about it so, even if her face did turn red, she'd pay no heed to it..

"Debuff mage, huh?" Holly concluded when she sensed all of the spells go off. "Kinda weak unless she's with someone else. Really weak against me." She chuckled. "Righteous Wrath."

Righteous Wrath fills all allies with a single purpose, to extinguish their enemies. This improved bonding allows no dispute between the allies and they're course is set. They gain immunity to fear, charm and any mind controlling effects. They also have improved Morale against any debilitating magic so they are less likely to be affected by it. They also have improved combat potential.

All the girls sensed the weighty magic going off but, due to Holly's assistance, they were affected by it only a little. They felt a little less mobile but nothing to lower their potential.

"Nice magic blade, wanna see what I can do?" Lilly asked. She let go of Purgatory, her gift blade, and created another magic sword. Purgatory floated around Lilly and awaited instructions. "All yours, my pet."

Purgatory was left to its own devices and created a plume of black and white flame to shoot up beneath Lilly's enemy.

"You've got no sense of pride. You haven't even introduced yourself and you're whacking us around." Lilly complained. "I'm Lilly Sera, also know as 'White flame'."

"I'm her sister, Holly. I've yet to be bestowed a title but it's a please to beat you, uh, I mean, meet you." Holly greeted her opponent.

"I'm her other sister, Haley. I've also got no title but I'm happy to beat you up for one." Haley grinned.

Seemed that none of her spells were effecting the others. As they were meant to cause confusion in the enemy Marici then pointed her blade at the sky. As she saw Lilly create another sword and her other one floated around. The black and white flame that shot up underneath her didn't harm her at all.

"Pathetic" Marici said.

"Rea Bard" Marici cast. A giant metal vessel symbol appears in the air above her. The symbol starts to be covered in a dark aura until it completely overcomes the symbol. When the symbol is completely covered, a hundred of dark colored swords rain down from the sky, towards all three girls.

She heard all three girls introduce themselves to her.

"My name is Marici Ravenclaw also known as Hien or 'Eternal Flame'

Lilly saw as her sword's spell had no effect on their enemy.

"Thought that might be the way." Lilly said to herself. "Fire's useless. It's either physical or anything else." She told the girls.

Their opponent cast a spell which created some sort of symbol which shot off towards the sky before being covered with darkness and raining down a multitude of swords.

"Barrier!" Holly quickly cast. A huge white sphere appeared above the group and blocked most of the swords. Only ten fell through. Seven missed and three scathed each girl.

"Another fire user?" Lilly asked. "Why are we even fighting each other then? We can't harm one another so just give up."

"So. Holly here is there defensive magic user" Marici whispered to herself. As she saw Holly cast a barrier around each girl. She watched her carefully and then turned back to Lilly when she spoke to her.

"You already know the answer to that question" Marici replied. "Kuzuryuujin" Marici cast she drives her blade into the ground and generates nine fiery dragons that she sends at her target. Which just happened to be Holly.

Once again her left hand glowed with mystic magic."Gravity push" Marici cast thrusts her left hand, palm facing forward, at their opponent, propelling them quickly away from their person with amplified gravity. Her latest attack was also cast upon Holly.

Seeing almost all the focus turning to Holly, Lilly quickly changed strategy. She sent her blade to guard Holly, the blade absorbed three of the fire dragons. The other six all hit Holly and she was practically wiped out in seconds.The other attack missed because of this. The sword then sent a plume of light towards Holly, which then restored vitality to her so she was back in the fight.

"Haley, you focus on taking her out, I'll guard Holly." Lilly told Haley. "If any fire magic's aimed at you, send it my way."

"Got it." Haley agreed with a nod.

"Being singed isn't good." Holly said to herself as she quickly pushed herself up from the floor.

Haley fled behind Lilly and held her action for this turn.

"Wing shield." Lilly cast. Her wings extended and wrapped themselves around the girls preventing the next harmful attack sent at them.

Marici smiled as she saw how effective her attack was upon Holly who seemed to be knocked out. By the attack yet it seemed she got back into the fight after having some sort of spell cast upon her.

Seeing as how Lilly brought her wings around each of the girls to protect them. Marici decided to try something else. "Boiling Blood" Marici cast upon herself As the name already implies, Boiling Blood causes the target's blood to rise in temperature, thus filling the muscles of a person with fresh energies and making e.g. a worker or a fighter stronger and faster for a short period of time.

She knew of another attack that could work but held her ground this turn.

Lilly's wings retracted back to her and she was back into the fight.

Considering Haley held her action, she now got two attacks in.

"Wingblade." Haley cast and her blade appeared again. "Double Team." Haley cast again and ten copies appeared around Marici. "Who's the real one?" She taunted Marici. The voice came from all copies.

"Bravery." Holly cast on Haley. This spell improves the target's valour and makes each attack deal more damage.

"Strength Siphon!" Lilly cast on Marici. This spell siphons a target's physical strength to another target of the caster's choice. Lilly chose to siphon the power to Haley, should the spell hit.

The spells all looked like they hit each copy of Haley.

Marici still knew what to do she looked at Lilly. "Soul Burn" Marici cast on her. By increasing the force of traumatic events upon an individual, this spell can cause matters of hatred, betrayal, and the death of a loved one become more powerful. She wanted to increase Lilly's hatred and betrayal of Kara to new heights so that she might mess and go a little crazy.

She then turned to Holly. "Hand of Love" Marici cast. Directs the feeling of love towards a desired entity which Marici choose as Lilly and focusing their feelings of lust so that the target normally starts an endless pursuit of their affection.

Last she turned to Haley who created ten copies of herself. She looked around at the ten copies she then felt the spell Lilly cast upon her. She felt her strength start to drain slightly but it wasn't enough to matter. "Heat Sight" Marici cast on the Haley in front of her. The target sees everything as if it were masked by the heat ripples of fire, thus causing her to miss seeing any details of importance, and somewhat blurring everything around her together, all but blinding her in the fact that she can’t make anything out.

Lilly managed to brush the effects of the spell away due to Holly's buff. Any mind affecting spells won't hit her. The same applied to the other two girls as well due to the Righteous Wrath Buff.

Haley shot forward three blades from her Wingblades. Each copy shot forth three blades so there was a total of 33 blades shooting towards Marici but only three could damage her, if she failed to avoid the real Haley's bolts.

"Shall we?" Lilly asked with a smile. Each girl blinked to above Marici.

"Eclipse!"

A huge moon appeared beneath Marici. The moon was full and bright before a dark shadow crept across it. The shadow appeared to envelop the whole moon but some light still shone through it. The whole battlefield was enveloped in a magical darkness which could not be penetrated. Blows rained down from each side of Marici from each of the girl's blades. There were around 100 strikes in total. The darkness shattered and a blinding white light shone forth from the moon beneath Marici onto the three girls above her. Haley swooped down first and slashed at Marici's right, Holly followed along afterwards and slashed at Marici's left before Lilly came hurtling down towards Marici in a downward thrust.

Again her mind attacks didn't work this was getting annoying on her part. She saw as Haley created what appeared to be 33 blades each one came flying at her. Marici summoned up her next attack as she felt one of the blades slice across her face. "Omega Burst" Marici cast A huge burst of flaming energy is released from the ground and then surrounds everything around it. Blocking the rest of the attacks from harming her.

The flames died down and she felt the area around her become surrounded by shadows. Next more blades started to strike her body creating numerous cuts upon her body. "Tyrant Rave" Marici gathers her energy into her left fist, then punches forward with a huge ball of flames; immediately she uses her sword to slash the flaming ball, causing it to expand in front of her in a monstrous fireshield.

That protected her from harm from the rest of the attacks as only 20 sword strikes got through. The fire shield died down once again. Numerious cuts were on her body and she looked at Holly once again. "Gravity Push" Marici cast again on Holly hoping to lift her off the ground and toss her through the air.

“Feel the flames of Sôryûha” Her sword itself remains the same, but gains a crescent-shaped blade attached to the hilt by a chain. Her slashes create an immense amount of fire which overflows from the tip of the blade, creating a flow of fire shaped like a Chinese dragon. The dragon flies at opponents and instantly burns anything it touches. Which she also sent at Holly as well.

The fire shield didn't harm either of the girls as they were protected by the forces created from the Eclipse attack.

Holly was lifted off the ground and thrown through the air but she managed to use the wind currents to right herself and regain her balance. She flew back into the fight.

Purgatory dived in front of Holly and hungrily absorbed the flames created from the dragon. Three ticks were absorbed and Holly was left unscathed. Purgatory turned towards Marici and blasted out a plume of darkfire towards her. Darkfire acts like normal fire except it does not share the same properties as it. Purgatory's fire plume was channelled onto Marici now and will follow her until the flames die.

"Fire's useless!" Lilly taunted Marici. "Why do you think I'm not bothering to waste the effort. Purgatory's got it all covered."

Haley sent three more wingblades towards Marici and her copies did the same. 33 more blades shot towards her.

"Haste." Holly cast on Haley. This allows Haley to perform two combat actions until it fades.

"Burning Rage." Lilly cast on Haley. This spell causes the target to attack in a frenzy. They cannot cast magic and will only seek to kill until the effect wears off. They will also be less likely to evade attacks but they cannot be knocked out until the spell ends due to their own bloodlust.

Marici dodged out of the way of the darkfire. She then saw as Holly floated to the ground and was left unharmed by her attack. "Gravity Increase" Marici shouted. She pointed both hands at Holly soon the area around Holly began to feel heavy. While she hearself could move freely Marici cast the spell on her wings. Making them feel like 500 pounds were attached to both wings. "Sword Rain" Marici teleports high into the air. From her vantage point, she summons a circle of glowing swords which dangle above Hollys head. After a little while, they rain down upon the her.

It seemed that more of the darkfire was following her she moved away yet again. Another 33 blades came at her Marici summoned another fire shield to protect herself. 4 blades sliced into her skin but the others missed. Once done the shield spread out and shot fire to three of the Haley's that were behind her.

Getting wise to the constant barrage against Holly, Lilly quickly cast a protective spell over her. Holly's previous buff, Righteous Wrath, allowed her to mostly block the weight added to her wings. She could still move but she'd be a little slower.

"Flame Sphere." Lilly cast over Holly. A protective flame wrapped itself around her and blocked to swords. Lilly then moved Holly to the rear of the group and a bit closer to Lilly.

Three of the Haley copies burst into flames and shattered into an array of ashes. Seven remained.

Due to Holly's buff, Haley's strategy changed a little. She started to summon a planar guardian to assist the group. This would normally take longer but, due to Haste, it happened in the same turn.

"Come forth, Siren!" Haley summoned.

From behind a blue gate, a mermaid appeared with a teal trident in her hands.

"Tidal wave!" Haley instructed Siren. A huge wave of water spanning around 10ft wide and 5ft tall dashed towards Marici.

Marici turned her attention from Holly towards Haley who had summoned forth a mermaid with a teal trident, As huge tidal wave came surging towards Marici. "Gravity Wall" Marici cast she placed her hands upon the ground and a forceful wall of gravity appeared before her. Blocking most of the wave as it splashed down upon her. Leaving her mostly unharmed though wet.

She looked at Haley and smiled as a plan formed in her head. Since she summoned forth the Siren she must be the real one. As none of the other copies did anything at the moment. Marici cast Soul Burn onto Haley which she decided to focus on the hatred and betrayal she felt against Kara for causing her harm,

Next Marici cast Betrayal on Haley as well to further increase her hatred of Kara. She choose Lilly to be that target. As she wanted Haley to attack Lilly. "Burning Hatred" Marici cast on Haley. This spell creates feelings of mindless hatred within a target, causing her to develop a bitter disliking of Kara. Last she cast "Pain's Advocate" on Haley, Curses a person to develop an urge to destroy, and causes the target to go out on a suicidal rampage with an intent to do harm.

With all four spells cast on Haley whom Marici hoped her hatred for Kara would blind her to reason. And cause her to attack her.

"Waning" Marici cast on Holly. Saps the inner fire of any living being and transfers it to the caster, causing them to start becoming tired and sleep and even resulting in death when casted long enough. In turn it restores the caster's strength.

For a moment, Marici's spells actually worked on Haley, until she instructed her to harm Lilly. After that, the spell's effect wore out as Haley would never do anything like that. Expecting another mind assault, Haley steeled her mind to block any more influences.

"You can't set us against each other!" Haley shouted to Marici. "I don't need these any more!"

Haley dismissed her copies so only she was the target.

"If you wanna harm me, then come one!" Haley taunted Marici. "Siren, do your thing!"

Siren was left to her own devices. She conjured up a bubble of water and shot it towards Marici. If this attack hit, Marici would likely be entrapped in the bubble and unable to act.

"Come at me!" Haley continued. "Coward!"

Haley took to the air and dashed towards Marici will all her blades outstretched like a giant spear. She spun in the air and the spear became more of a drill. Her speed reached incredible levels and she aimed to be on a collision course with Marici.

"Tailwind!" Holly cast on Haley. This spell can only be used if a unit is in movement and is only active until they become stationary. This spell increases the speed of the unit and prevents them from being hit while moving by anything other than wind magic. The effects of Marici's spell was starting to set in and Holly felt weak and tired.

"You asked for it!" Lilly shouted to Marici. "Chanki, it's all yours."

A black and white plume of flame surrounded Lilly and covered her entirely. The plume stayed up for a short while before coming down and revealing a huge change in Lilly.

Lilly was now clad in some form of fire armour. Above her head floated a pure white halo. Beneath the halo were a pair of black demon horns. Her outfit had changed from her usual leotard to nothing more than a white half top which only just covered her chest and a pair of tight white short-shorts. On her arms, she wore white gauntlets of fire which stretched down to her hands and ended with fingerless white lead handguards cloaked in fire. Her spaulders had changed to some proper flame covered white lead shoulder plates.

Her wings were now complete and stretched out to their full length of three feet either side. Instead of a cat tail, she now had a white demon tail. On her legs she wore white lead legguards which were also cloaked in fire. On her feet she had white lead armoured boots. In her hands, she now had a pure white version of Purgatory and a pure black one. Behind her, a huge symbol shone with light. The symbol appeared to depict a long ferret like deity with burning red eyes.

"Purgatory hasn't seen battle in millennia." Lilly chuckled. Her voice now sounded like both hers and Chanki's voices were talking at once.

Lilly clicked her fingers and a huge plume of light surround her group. This light restored vitality and guarded them against the next harmful spell to reflect it back to the caster a a light based spell. Holly started to feel her strength come back to her and the interference from the waning spell had been blocked.

Marici seeing as she was about to be beaten into the ground decided to leave the fight, She quickly summoned a ball of flame around herself, And left the area leaving the three girls alone until they were teleported out of the pocket dimension and transported back to their home.

After a barrage of useless attacks, the girls noticed that their target had fled. They then found themselves back in front of the Ravenclaw Manor. All magical influences had faded from them and they were back in their normal clothes.

"What the hell!" Lilly shouted. "Damn coward! Come back and fight!"

"Glad that's over with." Holly sighed in relief.

"Get back here you bitch!" Haley shouted into nothingness."

"Haley! Don't use that language!" Holly scolded Haley.

"But she's a coward!" Haley answered back.

"Well, you've finally given in have you? You seek greater power?" A familiar voice could be heard before the ferret form of Chanki appeared and sat on Lilly's shoulders. "She was quite the formidable foe. I doubt you could have taken her one on one."

"I only did that to protect my sisters. I don't want to become a slave to the desire to kill." Lilly coldly answered.

"I'll be waiting for when you summon me again." Chanki said before he disappeared.

Marici appeared in a room with Kara she was badly injured and would need time to heal. As she lay on the bed of her room Marici cast a fire spell upon her slowly Kara's injuires began to heal but it would take time. And time was something they didn't have. She knew all three girls were still outside their home and could try and come in at any moment.

"She's not worth our time." Lilly decided. "Let's go back and finish our ice cream."

"I'd rather avoid fighting wherever possible." Holly agreed. She then joined hands with both Lilly and Haley and they teleported back to Dessert Paradise. The manager looked rather shocked to see them appear out of thin air but then he realised who they were and just shook his head.

"Back so soon?" The manager asked.

"Our mark's down so we've got nothing else to hang around for." Lilly shrugged back.

"Usual?"

"Please."

The shop manager, in the daylight, worked as an ice cream parlour owner but, when all the customers were gone, he worked as an agent for Empowered ones, giving them information on new marks and other empowered ones to fight. Lilly was a regular in both senses.

Kale walked into Kara's room and saw that Marici was standing by her side. He could see the blood upon the bed and that Kara was breathing slowly. "Its good to see you again my daughter I wouldn't have awoken you this soon but you were needed I would have left you to lay asleep for a while longer to heal your injuries from your fight. With the elemental lord of fire" Kale spoke.

Marici's battle armour fadded and she was soon dressed in a short-sleeved, wide-necked shirt under a light orange tank top, khaki shorts, white stockings, and a pair of beige open-toe boots. She looked at Kara and then her father.

"I understand father but I did what I did because I wanted to be stronger these last five years I was asleep have been hard on us all"

"Anyway, now that Kara's out of the picture, what should we do?" Lilly asked her sisters.

"I want a nice long bath." Holly replied. "I need to relax and unwind."

"I'll have a bath just for the sake of one. I don't really mind either way." Haley answered.

Their ice cream was brought back. They were the only customers at the moment so they could talk freely about 'classified information'.

"Any idea who caused the light to burst?" The Manager asked Lilly.

"Someone who we took out. She'll not be causing us trouble any time soon." Lilly answered.

"Her name? Just so I can research her some more."

"Kara Ravenclaw."

"Wind user, right?"

"Yeah."

"Executed or left to live?"

"Left to bleed out but likely still alive. Someone swooped in at the last minute and saved her bleeding corpse."

"Another empowered one?"

"Marici Ravenclaw. Supposed sister of Kara. Dual magic user. Tended to use green fire and gravity spells coupled with a magical sword."

"Got on the wrong side of the Ravenclaws then, huh?" The manager chuckled.

"So what? They're just scum."

"So, what will happen now?" Marici asked.

"Truthfully I'm not sure as Marie had ruinned our image I took matters into my own hands. What I need now if for Kara to get better. I need her to mack contact again with Beltran and challenge him to combat. If she can beat him prehaps she can get much stronger strong enough to deal with the Sera's" Kale said.

"Then what about me what am I to do?" Marici asked.

"I'd say lay low for now and not go outside I'm sure you can make a deal with Agni to fight against him to become stronger"

