A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*005*2014-05-29 01:20

Here is chapter 3 please enjoy.

Chapter 3: Friendships and Feelings

"Miss Kara's sprung a leak?" Holly questioned innocently.

"She's peeing herself?" Haley asked her sister.

"Yes. That's just like my readings. Miss Kara did need to pee."

"She only had one glass of water, can water really affect people that much?

"I guess?"

Lilly noticed the lack of footsteps following her, she turned around and saw the twins looking at Kara. She followed their gaze and saw a puddle form under Kara. She ran towards her.

"Why didn't you say you needed to pee? The twins knew it so why couldn't you just go?" Lilly asked, a little surprised at Kara's lack of awareness of her own needs.

Kara heard the jibes from both the twins this caused her to cry more. In fact other than the glass of water she did for a few cups before leaving her dad's office. She remained standing where she was as Lily came up to her.

"I-I'm sorry b-but I was enjoying or time together" Kara told her.

She looked over at both the twins and look of pure murder in her eyes. Mumbling quietly to herself she called upon the wind shielding herself from their readings. She sent five very strong gusts of wind at them both in attempts to spank both their bottoms very hard.

Each blow that landed would feel like being struck by the bamboo stick that Kara had felt on her backside only yesterday.

"Why spoil a fun time with an accident? We would have waited." Lilly consoled Kara. "I know the twins can seem a little annoying at times but they're just children. They want attention, they don't get any back at home..." Lilly finished, looking down while remembering her own childhood.

Both twins felt the spanks and cried out a little in pain. After the spanks finished, they ran up to Lilly and dived on her, crying.

"Miss Kara's being mean to us!" They both cried. "She's telling the wind to hurt us!"

"That's only because you've been misbehaving. Don't read other people without their permission." Lilly sternly told her half-sisters. She turned to Kara. "Let's get you cleaned up." She said as she started to lead Kara to the toilets.

"I-I;m sorry I should have said something" Kara mentioned. As she told her then about the twins and everything going on with them. Seeing both twins get what the deserved made Kara smile on the inside.

"Serves then right" Kara thought.

Lily then talked to both girls and Kara backed off she created a much stronger shield. Around herself so that they couldn't read her again.

"I did no such thing" Kara lied.

She was then led by Lily towards the toilets.

"Miss Kara thinks she can trick us? She's just like Lilly, except she can tell wind what to do and not fire." Haley quietly said to Holly.

"Yeah, she must have been that girl that Lilly had a disagreement with and got hurt by." Holly answered, remembering a past reading off Lilly.

"Does Lilly know?! Maybe she'll hurt her again!" Haley thought, wondering just why Kara was being so kind to Lilly right now.

"We have to tell Lilly! But we can't let Miss Kara know."

"Right."

Both twins followed after Lilly, they needed to go toilet a little but it wasn't bad. They thought this would be the perfect opportunity. If Lilly tried to discern their plan with mind reading, then it'll be the truth as they did need to toilet.

Lilly and Kara walked into the toilets together. Lilly wanted to tell Kara that she could clean her panties if she gave them to her but she didn't know just what words to use without sounding like she had another motive.

"Um, if you give me your panties while you clean yourself up I can clean them up and they'll be ready for you." She offered, still sounding a little like a panty stalker.

Kara walked into the restroom with Lily behind her she stood there while listening to her. She blushed when Lily asked for her panties.

"Ok I can do that" Kara told her.

She walked into one of the stallings and closed the door behind her reaching down. She pulled her skirt up and slowly pulled down her panties her heart started beating faster at this point. Once done she left the stall and walked over to Lily who she handed her the pair.

Walking over to the sink Kara got several paper towels. Placing them under the sink she turned on the water and placed some soap onto it she started to then. Wipe herself clean she rose the front of her skirt and had her back to Lily as she cleaned her neither regions.

Lilly blushed as Kara handed her the panties she was wearing. She could feel just how wet they were, she washed them under the sink and used a little of her magic to warm and steam-clean them while doing so. Her heart raced as she passed the panties from hand to hand while cleaning them. Once she deemed them to be clean enough, she dried them with some more fire magic.

The twins followed in a little while later. They saw Lilly cleaning Kara's panties and they both blushed and asked her just what she was doing, temporarily forgetting the real reason they were in here for.

"Lilly, what are you doing?! Why are you holding her panties?!" Haley asked.

"She hasn't enslaved you, has she?!" Holly questioned, worried a little by the sudden turn of events.

Lilly blushed at the commotion the twins were making. "I'm just helping her, that's all. I asked to do this."

"You asked to touch her panties?!" Both sisters shouted in surprise.

Kara was still busy cleaning herself down not seeing as the twins had entered into the restroom. And were busy talking with Lily behind her back Kara had finished cleaning herself down. Through away the wet towels before getting some dry ones to help dry the area down.

Once she was done she used a little wind magic to help clean of inside herself. The bare wind touching her peach caused it to tingle with joy. Her outer lips opened a tiny bit and Kara blushed at this.

Once finished she turned around and saw the twins talking with Lily. She walked over to them and placed both hands on both twins shoulders.

"Is everything alright?" Kara asked the group.

The twins jumped at the sudden touch from Kara.

"M-Miss Kara," Haley started. "W-we're just talking about..." Haley tried to think up something quick.

"...a game we played!" Holly quickly added, hoping it would not spark too much of a response out of Kara.

"Girls, please. What are you doing in here? You need to go or something?" Lilly responded.

"Erm, Y-yes, we do. A little." Haley quickly replied, trying to take Lilly's interest off the situation.

"A-anyway," Lilly blushed. "Here're your panties back." She said as she passed the panties back to Kara.

Kara felt both twins jump up as she touched them this caused her to smile again,

"I'm going to have fun with these two" Kara thought,

She listened to them as they said they were talking about some sort of game. Kara moved her hands off their shoulders and slowly moved them down their backs Until she reached their butts and game them a loving pinch.

She moved her hands away As Lily handed back her panties to her, Blushing Kara took them and walked back into a stall and put them back on.

"Did she just..."

"...pinch our bottoms?" The twins asked each other as Kara made her way into the stall.

"I thought you told me you needed to go? Hurry up, we'll be leaving soon." Lilly told the twins.

"Um, we do, but it's not bad. We can hold it for a little while. I don't like using public toilets." Holly answered.

"Well, don't go having any accidents on the way home, alright?" Lilly replied.

"We won't." The twins answered in unison. They did need to go a little more now, but it still wasn't enough to be a distraction.

Making her way back out of the stall Kara joined the small group of girls again.

"So, what should we do now?" Kara asked the group

She again placed her hands upon the twins shoulders. Making tiny but loving movements upon them she again wanted to pinch their butts but decided against it.

She took her hands off them and placed them in front of her.

Holly shuddered at the movements made by Kara, Haley just ignored it.

"Well, I think we should get these two back home, they've still got work to do." Lilly said, looking at the twins.

"Please, Lilly, let us stay. We want to have more fun." Haley pleaded.

"Only if you don't cause more trouble, am I clear?" Lilly said, mocking a stern tone.

"Yes, Lilly." The twins answered.

"We could go into town and hit the arcade, I've got a little money in my jumper pocket." Lilly offered.

"The arcade! Please! Can we go?!" The twins begged, they loved the arcade.

Kara listened to the little thing between the twins and Lily.

'I don't want to get them into trouble maybe we should take them home?" Kara offered,

But it didn't;t seem to work as Lily gave in and let the twins stay with them.

Kara left the bathroom at the point and was waiting outside.

"What's going on with me" Kara thought,

Not really knowing what to do it seemed she had changed so much from just meeting Lily.

The twins, by now, had forgotten what they originally wanted to tell Lilly.

"Let's go." Lilly said as she made her way out of the toilets, the twins followed after. Once they got outside, a low rumbling sound could faintly be heard. It came from Haley.

"I want lunch." She said.

"Me too." Holly added.

"Why don't we all go have lunch. I know I'm hungry as well. If we do, I'm going to have to take out some money." Lilly proposed. She turned to Kara. "Want to join us? My treat."

Kara heard Lily's voice and turned around to face her, She had brought something up about lunch and Kara smiled at this.

"I'd love to" Kara stated.

She looked at both the twins. she was shielded from their reading she began to wonder. Just what sort of games she could play on them as a means to get them back from earlier.

"Where should we go to eat?" Kara asked.

"Okay." Lilly smiled. "We need to go to a ATM first for me to get out some money."

They walked out of the park and Lilly stopped by the nearby bank branch. She used the ATM and checked her bank balance. The screen read '12,500'. She withdrew 100 of that, leaving the balance at '12,400'.

"This should hopefully be enough to pay for lunch and the arcade." Lilly thought as she made her way back to the group.

"Which place do you want to go to?" Lilly asked.

"Somewhere that serves tasty food and lots of sweets." Haley answered

"Somewhere which serves may different fizzy drinks and desserts." Holly replied.

"What about you? Anywhere you want to go in particular?" Lilly asked Kara.

Kara followed the group to the nearest ATM she watched as Lily took some money out from her account. She waited with both Holly and Haley while alone Kara used the wind to poke Haley in the back making sure, That both twins could read that it was her she was shielded from their magic,

Lily soon returned and asked the group where they should go.

"Anywhere is fine with me it doesn't matter" Kara told her.

She again used the wind to lightly brush Holly's face like a lover.

Just doing this filled Kara with excitement.

Haley jumped at the wind poking her in the back, she looked around to see who might have done it.

Holly was scared when the wind brushed against her face, she clung on to Lilly.

"How about 'Sweet Paradise'? That place serves all the things the girls want. They do a pretty good sundae there and they've got this little challenge open to all customers. Holly and Haley practically beg me to let them take part whenever we visit. It's just down this road here." Lilly said, indicating a road to the left of the bank.

"Sweet Paradise!" The twins jumped for joy,

"Sweet Paradise is fine with me I;ve never been there yet" Kara told her. As they all started walking. Kara again used her magic she pressed lightly on Holly's stomach pushing in lightly then send a sweet caress both Holly's thighs.

"She's the one who pleases me" Kara thought smiling.

Her peach was tingling she looked at Haley.

"So, what do you do for fun?" Kara asked her.

Holly was really scared now, the pressure on her stomach made her need for a toilet rise a little. It as now enough to only slightly distract her. The rubbing on her legs caused a shiver to go down her spine.

"Um, well, I like reading and playing games. I also like watching TV." Haley answered. "What about you?"

After a few minutes, they reached a quaint large shop with a huge sign on its roof. The sign had a picture of an ice-cream sundae on it and the words 'Sweet Paradise' written in a font which looked like whipped cream.

"Here we are." Lilly said as they approached the doors.

The tingling within her peach grew in volume as she watched the way Holly acted, A brief image of Lily flashed in her mind of her being the one she was doing this to. Again she did the same thing but didn't touch her chest she played with the top if Holly's panties lightly and gently touching them, Her face flushed.

She heard Haley speak to her.

"I myself like reading, as well I enjoy fantasy" Kara told Haley as they were walking. They soon reached Sweet Paradise She stood to the right of Holly and watched her. Again she pictured it to be Lily and not Holly.

Holly whimpered when she felt the wind tickle the top of her panties. Just what was going on today? Had she upset the God of Wind in any way?

Lilly opened the door and the twins practically ran in and sat at an empty table. Lilly laughed and walked in after them, holding the door open for Kara to enter.

Lilly sat at the table which the twins were at and picked up the menu. She flicked through it and decided what she wanted.

"Can we do the Challenge, please?" The twins begged Lilly.

"No, you're too young. You'll hurt yourselves. Plus, you need someone to do it against and it won't be me." Lilly answered sternly.

"Meanie." The twins pouted back. They turned to Kara.

"Hey, Miss Kara! I challenge you to the 'Mega-Pop' challenge!" Haley demanded.

"Haley, what are you doing?! She won't do it!" Holly cut in.

"Then she's a coward." Haley answered Matter-of-factly

Again Kara played with Holly living out a fantasy that was involving Lily instead of her. The touch of the wind trace the outline of Holly's peach between her legs. Touching it lightly gently much like lover would the wind pulled the front of Holly's panties upwards into her peach.

Kara entered into the building and took a seat with she sat in a booth beside Haley. While Lily sat next to Holly she returned from her fantasy. And saw a menu before her she looked it over quickly and heard the twins mention something about a sort of challenge.

'What's this challenge?" Kara asked.

Something was mentioned about a Mega-Pop not knowing what it was Kara agreed,

"Only if Holly joins in?" Kara asked to Haley.

"Deal!" Haley answered.

"Wh-wha?! I don't want to. It's too much!" Holly whined.

Lilly sighed and shook her head, there was no stopping Haley when she set her mind on a challenge, she was too competitive.

"Basically, the Challengers have got to drink 5 cartons of the King Size pop cups. Each King Size cup holds about 1.5 liters of any drink which is caffeinated or something similar. If you win, you get one free family meal here at this shop. If you lose, then you get nothing apart from feeling bloated." Lilly stated. "However, Haley wants to play it differently. She's added another condition in. The challengers can't go to the bathroom until they've won. If they lose, then they have to hold it in for the rest of the day, or wet themselves. She likes being unfair like that. That's why me and Holly are reluctant to join."

Kara looked over at Holly

"Chicken?" Kara asked.

She looked back at Haley and then at Lily as she explained just what the challenge was. As she was listening she teased Holly's stomach some more only lightly between a few minutes of each other.

"Sounds interesting, but are you really sure you can make it the whole day?" taunted Kara.

She herself wasn't sure if she could make it herself she had never done this sort of thing before. But she was game she wanted to show what she was made of and this was the best chance she would get.

"N-no, I'll lose. I don't want to!" Holly retorted.

"You're stuck with it, and that's final!" Haley demanded slamming both her hands on the table to punctuate her statement.

Holly whimpered in response and tears started to mist up her eyes.

Haley heard the challenge from Kara.

"Think you can? I'll have you know I have quite a large bladder." Haley boasted. lying through her teeth. "This'll be no trouble."

The owner came over to take the orders, he knew the twins and Lilly's names, they were regulars after all.

"I'll have a bubblegum sundae with toffee sauce and two flake sticks." Lilly said.

"Strawberry shortcake ice-cream with strawberry sauce and two cherries." Haley ordered.

"Mint ice-cream with caramel sauce and cookie dough chunks." Holly quietly ordered.

Haley waited for Kara to order.

"Two for the Mega-pop challenge as well!" Haley added, smiling at Kara.

"Are you sure? You've tried that challenge a lot and not managed to do it yet." The owner questioned, a little bit shocked.

"Positive." Haley smiled back. The owner went off to fill the orders and bring back the things needed for the challenge.

"I'm adding one more condition in." Haley started, smiling. "The loser has to admit an embarrassing secret."

Kara listened to what Haley had to see she decided for the time being to stop teasing Holly.

"Yes, I can to honestly think this will be easy I laugh at you" Kara laughed,

The owner came over at took their orders.

"I'll take a cookies and cream with some mint" Kara told him.

The owner left to get their orders ready as she heard what else was added to the challenge. Kara blushed at the thought of having to tell something embarrassing about herself, But she thought of something in return to add to the challenge.

"I have my own thing to add who ever losers this challenge must go with out wearing panties for an entire day starting the morning of the following day" Kara told Haley.

"B-but..." Holly started, tears rolled down her face.

"Deal!" Haley shot in, things were getting interesting.

"Shouldn't you all go to the bathroom before starting this? I know you two still need to." Lilly injected, looking at Holly and Haley.

"Good idea." Haley replied as she headed towards the toilets. Holly followed after. After a few minutes, they returned, the sound of a tap running and toilets flushing preceding them.

"Alright! Bring on the drinks!" Haley called out, wanting to get started as soon as possible.

The owner returned with three King-Sized Cups and a portable drinks dispenser like the ones behind a bar. Various beverages ranging from Coca~Cola to Sprite were available, a total of 30 different drinks lined the dispenser.

"Please, no accidents on the leather seats. They're a bugger to clean." The owner said to the twins.

Haley nodded enthusiastically and Holly did the opposite.

"So, let's start!" Haley said as she filled up her cup with Sprite.

Kara smiled at this things were getting better she went with the twins and went to the bathroom with them before returning to where Lily was at she took her seat besides Holly this time.

'It's ok were all friends here" Kara told Holly.

She herself ordered a coke as the owner brought the three King-Sized Cups to them. Kara got up and took the coke and started to pour it into her cup. She soon finished and started to drink the first cup feeling the ice cream pass through her.

Haley had already starting downing her Sprite, only stopping every now and then to get some air. She secretly trains for this challenge at home, that's why she's able to drink things so quickly, but that also has other effects.

Holly was slowly nursing the Vimto she poured herself, savoring the taste.

Lilly just shook her head at the arrogance of Haley and waited for the ice-cream orders to come.

A few minutes later, after Haley had quarter-finished her second cup, her drinking was slowing down now, the owner came back with the orders. Lilly thanked him and took the serving tray they were on, he returned to behind the counter to watch the outcome of the Challenge. Haley seemed to have gotten a little better since the last time she tried it, Holly, on the other hand, hadn't improved much. He knew she'd probably be the first one out.

Lilly slowly ate her order while watching the girls battle it out for Mega-pop pro. Holly was now paying more attention to her own ice-cream than the contest, she did take the odd occasional drink, but not like Haley. She could already feel the drink filling up her bladder, she had a low tolerance to caffeine after all, it didn't make her hyper, but it did fill her bladder fast.

Haley took some bites out of her order but then returned to drinking, she felt it fill her bladder, she thought she could out drink the effects so she drank faster.

About half of Kara's cup was now gone as she she felt it just pass through her to her bladder. This was something new she needed to get through this to show Haley who's boss. Taking a few bites of the ice cream Kara enjoyed it starting to slow down she didn't;t want. To get an ice cream headache at all that'd truly mess her over, She went back to eating and drinking from the Mega-Cup she soon drained the last of it.

'Burp"

This time Kara poured herself a Sprite she got ready for the next cup. she looked at Haley who seemed to be doing well. Holly on the other hand was taking it slow seems she didn't;t like this challenge much.

Haley had finished her second drink. She seemed to be slowing down a lot now, she let out a burp and started to pour herself a Vimto, like Holly. She fidgeted around in her seat, the drink were getting to her, when she drank some of her third drink, spacing it evenly apart with her ice-cream.

Holly had only half finished her first cup and she was already squirming around.

"You don't have to do this, you know. Leave the fools to their little game, we'll just watch the outcome." Lilly told Holly, who groaned in response and fidgeted around some more.

Holly was now waving her legs back and forth under the table and squeezing her legs together, she couldn't hold out for much longer. She had started on the lowest caffeine drink in hopes of lasting longer, but that didn't seem to work. Tears started to roll down her cheeks as she pushed her hands into her crotch.

"How are you holding out?" Haley questioned Kara. "Ready to give in yet?" She was trying to sound more confident than she felt.

Lilly just watched Holly closely and ate her ice-cream.

Kara had followed Haley's lead and now had finished her second cup as well just gulping it down. It seemed now that Kara started to squirm around here and there but wasn't going to let Haley know she was beginning to need the bathroom. She watched the effects of what this was doing to Holly Kara used the wind to pat her shoulders.

"I'm just fine this is easy how about yourself?" Kara asked to Haley.

She picked out a coke again and started on her third class she fidgeted around like Holly was doing but never the less she was still fine. And dandy she smiled and ate some of the ice cream. Again she used the wind but this time in a matter that said it's ok.

Holly let out small whimpers as she stopped drinking. She was shaking with exertion, trying to hold back the liquid inside her. It battered against her bladder and a large spurt escaped, dampening her yellow panties and causing her to cry some more. She pushed harder, her knuckles turned white with effort and her body shook some more. After a few moments, the shaking stopped and Holly returned to eating her ice-cream, staying far away from any more liquid until she felt like she was fully in control again.

"Never better. I'm a pro at this." Haley bragged as she squirmed a little more.

"Famous last words." Lilly said to no one in particular, causing another cry to come from Holly.

Haley was half finished with her third drink when a wave of urine battered against her bladder, she stifled a cry as a spurt escaped her urethra. She pushed into her girlhood and that plugged it for now. She went back to drinking and eating, she had nearly finished her third cup, she didn't want to lose.

Kara watched Holly something about the way she was acting seemed to sweet and innocent. She wanted to tease her some more to make her wet self but thought against. There was someone else she could try it on. She was still protected from their reading skill so she faced Haley,

"Oh, really?" Kara asked.

She had finished her third cup ahead of Haley yet her fidgeting around was more common now. Something about seeing Holly go through this turned on on she wanted it to be. Lily instead of Holly looking away Kara cast soon wind magic and used it to poke at Haley's chest in a means to make. It harder to finish the challenge as Kara started her fourth cup she felt felt some pee escape her urethra.

This dampened her panties she was wearing she brought her left hand under the table. Pressing it into her crotch.

Holly just couldn't sit still, she was constantly moving around, swaying from left to right, crossing and uncrossing her legs, bouncing up and down. She tried her best not to let out the warm fluids inside her, but she knew she couldn't hold on for much longer. Her movements stopped suddenly, and she curled up into a ball, pushing as hard as she could on her vulva, trying to plug up it.

Lilly caught onto the movements and asked the owner to return with an empty bucket or some other kind of large container which he didn't care much about. He placed it down by Lilly and she stood up and moved it to the left of Holly. She then picked up the girl and placed her over the container, just in time for Holly's dam to break.

As soon as Holly's feet touched the floor over the container, her last line of defense was destroyed. Her warm clear liquid gushed out of her, pouring into the container underneath her with a loud splattering sound. Her yellow panties were flooded with the warm liquid. Holly's urine pooled out of her panties and started trickling down her legs, later absorbed by her socks. She was in floods of tears and embarrassed beyond belief. The gushing slowed down to a light drizzle. The container was half full of Holly's warm liquid.

Lilly bent down and gave Holly a hug, comforting her and telling her that she did a good job, despite being pulled into it against her will. Lilly then glared at Haley, who was watching intently and squirming quite a lot.

After Holly's explosion, Haley was just made aware of how full her bladder actually was, she now started to restless movements which Holly did before her accident. She went back to drinking and, now, just managed to finish her third cup, she then poured herself a Coke and started on her fourth cup, drinking sparingly and focusing more on her ice-cream, which was half finished.

Kara was still on her fourth cup but seemed to have stalled slightly. She was drinking slowly and rubbing away furiously at her mound trying her best to keep it in check. She saw Holly fidgeting around and couldn't take her eyes off her. Her peach was tingling it's outer lips were opening sending it's nectar into her already wet panties. Soon her fingers started to get sticky with her love juices as another squirt escaped her.

She tried to go back to her drink and took a few more sips a quarter of it was now finished. She went back to eating the ice cream yet she she was still busy watching Holly. Just seeing her so helpless was actually turning Kara on she briefly pictured Lily as Holly. A fresh wave of her nectar shot into her panties Kara leaned forward and nearly hit her head on the table. As she heard a hissing sound coming from Holly.

Another squirt and and another followed out of Kara who by now was only half way through. Her fourth cup she tried to keep going but all she could think about was Holly wetting her. She started to blush and looked at Haley who seemed to be mirroring Holly's movements from before.

"Holly's out, it's just us two now." Haley said while fidgeting. Holly's reply was more crying.

Haley was drinking her fourth cup when she suddenly stopped still. Another wave of urine crashed against her bladder like a tsunami, causing a huge spurt to escape her and make the crotch of her lime green panties turn a darker shade of green. Halley whimpered and quickly put her cup down to free up a hand to stop the flow, cringing as the warm wetness of her panties touched her hands. She pushed hard into her girlhood, managing to stop the flow. She was breathing heavily with the sudden exertion.

"This competition is pointless! Why the hell are you even doing it?! You'll only hurt and embarrass yourselves." Lilly stated as she watched Haley struggle against the call of nature.

"Because...I'm..." Haley gasped out. "I...won't give in!"

Haley felt a little better after letting out a little of her bladder's contents, she went straight back to drinking and finished her fourth cup.

"One...more." Haley told herself.

Kara tried to keep going she was pressing her own fingers against her girlhood. Feeling her own juices from Holly's earlier accident which turned her on plus the urine, That was busy leaking out of her poor body with her right hand Kara pushed her skirt up to her waist and was busy rubbing away. At her poor girlhood with both hands and fingers she felt a huge squirt shot into her panties. She jammed both fingers against her urethra barely stopping the flow that wanted to come out. Moving her right hand Kara reached up and slowly started to drink what was left in the cup.

"Y-you won't win" Kara told her,

If one looked they could see some clear fluids on her fingers of her right hand. She then heard Lily speak saying that this was pointless.

"You truly wouldn't know since you didn't join in"

She looked back at Haley she started to cast wind magic on the poor girl. Starting with tickling her sides lightly she had finally managed to finish her fourth cup and finally start on her fifth.

Unlike Holly, Haley wasn't ticklish. She ignored the strange tickling sensation on her side and filled up her cup with some more Coke and began on her final cup.

"I...w.il..l...wi..n!" Haley spluttered out before she started drinking. A pain was lancing through her abdomen and it burned like fire, she fought against the pain as she drank more drink, further aggravating her protesting bladder and causing it to increase the pain, making another large spurt of urine shoot out of Haley.

"I won't give in! It hurts, it hurts! But I can't lose to her!" Haley thought while biting back the pain.

A further spurt shot out, practically soaking her panties. Haley knew that an accident was imminent so she tried to finish off her drink before losing complete control.

She just managed to finish when one final, powerful wave of urine battered open her tired bladder, causing her urine to gush out and drench the panties she was wearing, turning all the lime green on them to a really deep, dark green colour. Haley felt her warm clear liquid soak her legs and the skirt she was wearing, it pooled on the seat under her and overflowed off the edge and fell onto the floor with a rhythmic dripping sound. She was gasping for air as her bladder emptied the remainder of its content onto the seat, leading to it dripping onto the floor.

"I...win..." Haley gasped out, as she showed Kara her empty cup, before bursting into tears of humiliation at her blatantly obvious accident.

"What an idiot..." Lilly sighed as she went to comfort Haley.

Watching as Haley filled her final cup Kara started to down hers as fast as she could. All that she drank just seemed to shot right into her over taxed bladder she had finished a quarter of the cup. When a powerful wave of pain shot through her a large squirt shot into her panties. Kara jammed her fingers against her girlhood to try and stop the impending flood about to happen. She looked at Haley was seemed to be mirroring her own movements but to a different degree,

She felt another then another spurt of urine shot out the seat underneath her was now wet, So was the front and back of her skirt she closed her eyes and started drinking again.

"I-I will not lose to her" Kara thought as a spurt escaped her body,

She removed her hand from her girlhood and used it to place it on the cup as she downed the rest of it in big large gulps she finished her drink at the same time as Haley did hers. Dropping the cup onto the table. She quickly jammed both hands into her girlhood as her dam burst forth sending yellow liquid into her already wet panties.

"Hiss"

Went the sound as she climaxed from her earlier rubbing her treasures juices flowed out as well. Kara started to cry from embarrassment as some of her pee splashed onto Haley's legs,

"Tie" Kara muttered,

She still felt the pee leaving her body.

"This was your own fault! Don't think you'll get any sympathy from me. I warned you two to not do it!" Lilly scolded Kara and Haley like a Mother would do to her disobedient children. "You also dragged poor Holly into this little contest of fools!"

"No fair..." Haley cried out in response to it being a tie.

"As punishment for your own stupidity, you have to stay here until we've all finished our ice-cream before you go and clean yourself up." Lilly finished. "Then, before we can go to the arcade, we have to get Holly some clean clothes. I'm debating whether you two deserve a change of clothes!"

"But Lilly..." Haley sobbed.

"No buts!" Lilly angrily replied.

Kara was still crying as she heard Lily scold her she felt herself blush at this but another feeling. Came over her as she sat there in her own pee first it was shame then it turned to anger. A small powerful gust of inviable wind shot at Lily. From out of no where she was still protected from the twins so no one would know it was her who cast it.

"This was between Haley and me, so shut the hell up" Kara snapped.

She was still feeling mad from before at having Lily yell at her, She started to eat the rest of her ice cream she felt herself begin to shake from feeling so mad. She pushed the cup away from her and got to her feet not looking at either of them Kara walked away from the group. Feeling the looks of everyone else in the store as the pointed and snickered at her.

A small wet trail followed after her as she walked outside and started away from it.

"You two could have seriously..." Lilly went to finish before a large gust of wind shot at her. She could feel the same magic she had done at the school the day before.

"Haley's my sister! I'm meant to be looking out for her!" Lilly retorted as fire started to creep into her eyes.

The rest of the lunch went by in an awkward silence. Nobody uttered a word and the only sounds which could b heard were the twins' crying. Once everyone had finished, Lilly paid the owner the bill and led the twins out, standing behind them to try and cover up the wet patches on their skirts. She used some fire magic to make the patches less noticeable from a distance.

"You two are coming with me." Lilly said to the twins. "If you even feel the slightest need to pee, let me know. I don't want you hurting yourselves any more than you already may have."

" 'kay..." The twins answered.

Lilly led them back up the street, following the small wet trail on the floor, towards their house.

She knew where she was going Kara was heading back in the direction of where her fathers building was. She had left the sidewalk at this point and had entered the sky. She flew but started to slow down she felt the anger build the humiliation at having Lily yell at her. Sure it was her own fault but still that didn't mean she could yell at her,

The very wind around Kara seemed to blow much stronger her clothes began to flicker and change shape, A clear magical aura formed around her as she was soon dressed in her battle clothes like before. The wind turned into a gale as it blew the white clouds in the sky away from her, Forming a clear blue area high in the sky.

"How dare she" Kara yelled.

The wind from around she started to blow across the city.

Lily walked back out on to the main street. She then turned off and headed back to her home, wondering just where Kara had gone.

"Maybe she's too embarrassed. I guess I would be in that situation, I can't blame her for that. Oh well, I guess she'll miss out on the arcade. It's a pity, I wanted to get to know her more." Lilly thought as she turned off the street into her home.

Upon entrance, the twins ran upstairs into their rooms and left Lilly in the main hall. She waited around, fiddling with the change in her pocket and the tickets to the free meal at Sweet Paradise. Her mind went back to the end of the little contest. She thought that Kara looked kind of cute when she was crying. Lilly felt bad for scolding her, but she was just worried about them all. She didn't want them hurting themselves for trying to deny the call of nature.

After a few minutes, the twins came back down, wearing clean, dry clothes. Haley came down wearing a yellow blouse with a light blue skirt and Holly came down with the opposite, a light blue blouse with a yellow skirt.

"Ready for the arcade?" Lilly asked.

"Yes, Lilly." the twins replied as they hurried to the front door to be let out.

The very wind tore threw the city it wasn't ripping up or anything like at the school. But more along the lines of blowing strong like on a very windy day. She shot down from the sky and landed gently upon the middle of the street. Cars suddenly screeched to a halt and slammed on their brakes as they turned to avoid crashing into Kara. Several people who were walking along the sidewalk stopped and looked at her in wonder.

"The arcade" Kara thought.

She turned in the direction of facing north with the wind blowing it shot her that way. Ripping up part of the street as she did so she shot down the street like a bullet.

"Hey, look at that?" People pointed out as they watched her pass overhead.

Lilly opened the door and the twins shot out down the driveway.

"Don't go too far ahead!" Lilly called after them.

Lilly followed them down the drive and met up with them on the street. The wind suddenly picked up, it blew up both the twins skirts, revealing Haley's white frilly panties and Holly's pink ribbon panties. The twins cried out in surprise and pushed their skirts down.

"Gotten windy all of a sudden." Lilly noted. "Hang on to your skirts, girls, don't let them blow up." Lilly told the twins.

Lilly and her companions headed to the street opposite the house, turning down a few side-streets until they reached the commercial district. Opposite the street they came from lay 'Gold Leaf', the arcade.

"Don't spend too much money, you hear me?" Lilly smiled at the twins as they headed towards the entrance.

Still flying down the street above all the on lookers they seemed to point out and say.

"Looks like a speeding bullet"

"Reminds me of that one saying about superman" One said.

A brief images of an arcade entered her mind as she knew where one was. The main one where every kid in town usually went to was the "Gold Leaf" it was located. Around the towns main river bank and Kara flew towards it the wind blowing rapidly around her. A few blocks away from it Kara touched down on the ground.

Starting walking towards it a look of pure murder in her eyes.

Lilly and the twins entered the arcade and went to the main ticket counter. Lilly handed over some money and got a total of 60 tokens to be used on the games and attractions.

"We've got 20 each. After we've used them all up, we'll count how many tickets we've got and see what we can exchange them for." Lilly told the twins. "We must stick together. I don't want you two getting lost. Remember, if you need the bathroom, let me know and we'll go right away. I don't want you to have any accidents because you're too involved in a game. Especially you, Haley."

"Booo." Haley replied as she pouted at Lilly.

The three of them entered the main arcade.

Kara walked towards where the arcade was the wind blow strongly behind her. She was only a block from the arcade she seemed to slow down as a strange thought entered her mind.

"Should I really be doing this?" Kara thought.

The shield that had been around her wavered a bit allowing a tiny reading to be read of wanted. To before it was sealed up again by magic from her she shook her head. She remembered Lily yelling at her the wind around her shot forward towards the arcade where it struck the building. It didn't cause it any harm more along the lines of just shaking the building.

Lilly saw a crane game and Holly ran towards it. She looked inside and saw a cute Moogle plushie, it looked like the Moogles from 'Final Fantasy XII'.

"I've just gotta have that cute toy!" Holly said, indicating the Moogle plushie. "Please, Lilly, please?! You're good at these games." Holly begged.

"Okay, but It's coming from a token of yours." Lilly replied. Holly gave her a token and Lilly started to play the crane. Holly read Lilly while she played, she saw the toy falling into the out basket and Lilly passing it to her. She secretly wished that this future would be true. The toys went close to the out basket, but then it fell, only to be blown into it by a strange divine wind which shook the arcade. Lilly wondered just how she won it. She picked it up from the out basket and handed it to Holly,

"Oh, thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" Holly answered, overjoyed and hugging her toy.

Lilly smiled and they went further into the arcade.

The wind seemed to shake the building further as it battered it from all sides. Kara walked up to the entrance of the building she had used her magic and was now dressed. By in her normal clothes she walked inside she looked around and saw many, Different types of arcades around where she stood she walked forward into it. The building was groaning as the wind struck it from all sides as she walked inside she took a set of stairs. Up to the second level of the arcade she looked around trying to spot Lily.

Or the twins since they'd be with her at this point she soon spotted them. Just further into the arcade Kara left the second level her magic shield left her body as she went down the stairs and ran towards them. The madness was still inside her but she pushed it down.

"Lily?" Kara called out.

Lilly thought she heard someone call her name, she turned in the direction she heard it from and saw the same pink drills she was familiar with.

"Kara?!" She called back in surprise.

The twins turned around and ran towards Kara.

"Miss Kara! We thought you'd left us!" They cried out as they dived onto Kara and hugged her, the wind lifted up the back of their skirts and flashed their panties to any onlooker, including Kara, if she looked down at them.

Kara ran up to Lily the wind was still striking the building from outside and the anger. Within Kara was hidden within her she saw the twins get up and dive on her, Their skirt's flying up showing her their panties Kara blushed at this and was knocked to the ground as they hugged her, Kara's own shirt shot up revealing her own still somewhat wet panties to any onlooker around them.

"I-I needed to take care of something" Kara told them.

She hugged both Haley and Holly but she seemed to hug Holly a little tighter than Haley. She wanted to run her fingers across Holly's body but stopped herself. She let go of both the twins and helped them to their feet. As she helped Holly up Her head leaned closer to Holly's ear.

"Your panties are cute" She whispered for only Holly to hear.

"T-thanks, Miss Kara." Holly replied, blushing at Kara's comment on her panties.

"Take care of what?" Lilly asked. "We've still got tokens to spend." She added, referring to the tokens which the twins and her had.

"I needed to clear my head" Kara told her,

She looked upon Lily there was something in her eyes that seemed to say. You will pay but the feeling went away she looked at Holly again.

"So, what are you guys doing?" Kara asked.

"Well, we're just spending some time having fun, Holly's already got something from a token." Lilly informed Kara. "Do you want some tokens, too? The twins and I are planning on pooling all the tickets we win together and getting something for the three of us. Tokens aren't that much, I just don't like spending a lot of money on things which aren't certainly going to get me anything."

"Miss Kara," Haley started. "Did you tell the wind to blow at the arcade? If you did, you helped Holly get her prize, that's kind of you." Haley hugged Kara again.

Kara listened to what Lily had to say to her she stood near Holly at this time."Sure, I could use some I hope I'm not being to much of a pain" Kara said. She placed a hand on Holly's shoulder she looked at her.

"She's cute" Kara thought as feeling for Holly began to appear in her.

She looked over at Haley who spoke to her next. "Yes, I admit I did I can only use a tiny bit of wind magic but I'm not a full user yet" Kara told Haley. Who hugged her again she was telling a lie to her. The part of her that could fully use this power was sealed away from their readings.

Kara felt a little jealous that it wasn't Holly that hugged her. She leaned in close to Holly again when both Lily and Haley were busy getting the tokens that Kara needed.

"You looked so cute in the ice cream pallor today so desperate so cute" Kara whispered in her ear.

"Alright, I'll be back in a minute." Lilly said as she walked back to the token counter and purchased twenty more tokens. Tokens were cheap, even after buying 80 tokens and the meals earlier Lilly still had roughly half of her withdrawn money left.

"So, you can tell the wind what to do? That's cool!" Haley said, smiling at Kara. She squirmed a little as a need hit her. Haley felt like she needed the toilet a little, normally, at this stage, she'd ignore it as it wouldn't be that bad. But now, it seemed like it skipped a good few stages and it was an apparent, annoying need. "I'll be right back, I need to pee." Haley said before she left to tell Lilly.

"W-wha...? M-Miss Kara, do you...want to do things to me?!" Holly was shaking a little from surprise and fright as she got a reading from Kara, showing Kara pushing Holly on the floor and undressing her. "I-I need to pee, too!" Holly lied, she just wanted to get back to Lilly, she didn't want Kara undressing her.

Lily left to go get the tokens leaving Holly and Haley alone with her, She listened to what Haley had to say to her. "To a certain point like this for example" Kara pointed out the small group was hidden behind some of the arcades so anybody who looked their way wouldn't see what Kara was about to do.

She closed her eyes and a small wind blew at Haley blowing the front of her skirt up. Before stopping and blowing it back down. Kara saw that Haley squirm around the left them alone to go to the bathroom.

Kara said nothing when Holly mentioned something she wanted to do to her. When Holly mentioned she needed to Kara smiled at this. "I bet you do, is your poor bladder bursting?" Kara asked. She took her hand off of Holly.

"Can all you think is nothing but rivers, oceans, waterfalls, lakes, rain and creeks. Imagine your cute little panties getting all wet and sticky with your pee" Kara whispered into Holly's ear.

Holly whimpered as Kara preceded to mention different types of running water. She actually did need to go now, and pretty badly. She pushed the front of her skirt into her girlhood, predicting a need for a plug if her need increased.

"I-I'm going to tell Lilly. She said we should, she didn't want us hurting ourselves by putting peeing off." Holly quietly said to Kara as she slowly walked over to Lilly. She didn't want to move fast for fear of losing control.

Kara followed slowly after Holly she saw her push into the front of her skirt. She quickly walked in front of Holly blocking her way she leaned closer to her. "Oh, your bursting does it hurt?" Kara asked she had a loving look in her eyes as she looked at Holly. She reached out and took hold of the hem of Holly's skirt and played with it.

"If you go I'll help you out with something" Kara told her.

She ran her fingers across Holly's hands.

Holly whimpered a little more when Kara stood in front of her.

"P-please, Miss Kara, let me go and talk to Lilly. I really need to pee." Holly replied, tears starting to mist up her eyes.

She stood there, in front of Kara, and started to bob from side to side and push a little harder on her girlhood. Her whimpering increased and turned into small sobs.

Kara watched as Holly whimpered a little more she danced around before her. Kara saw the tears in Holly's eyes she reached out standing up and took hold of Holly's hand.

"Oh, ok" Kara said.

She really wanted Holly to have an accident before her. She led Holly by the hand over to where Haley and Lily were.

"Where's the restroom Holly needs to go?" Kara asked.

"It's just behind the Ice Hockey tables down that way. Follow the signs on the ceiling." Lilly answered as she indicated the direction the toilets were in and the signs on the ceiling saying 'Toilets' and pointing an arrow in the direction they were in. "I'll take Haley along as well. It's just that Holly doesn't like using public toilets alone." Lilly added.

Lilly followed them along, showing that she wasn't about to leave the twins and have fun without them.

"T-thanks, Miss Kara." Holly quietly said as she walked hand in hand with Kara towards the toilets.

Kara led Holly on as the followed close behind Lily and Haley as the followed the arrows. Overhead and passed by the Ice Hockey tables they were getting closer though. Kara soon stopped a short distance away from them she turned around and face Holly.

"This might scare you but I'm doing it to help" Kara told Holly.

She let go of Holly's hand and reached under her own skirt and pulled down her own panties. Kara stepped out of them she knelt down in front of Holly.

"Please don't be scared I'm doing this to help" Kara said.

She then reached under Holly's own skirt and pulled her panties down her legs. Before lifting Holly's feet out of them she placed Holly's pair in her pocket and pulled her own. Panties up Holly's legs until they were under her skirt.

"I know were close to the toilets but if you have trouble you can use my panties you don't want to ruin your own do you?" Kara asked.

She took Holly's hand again and they started towards the bathroom again.

"Oh, and please call me Kara"

However as they were still walking Kara used some of her magic this was part. That she had sealed away from everyone the twins could read this part of her at all. Slowly images began to form in Holly's mind various images of her wetting herself earlier at the Ice Cream shop. These images kept on appearing.

"Such, a little baby wetting yourself like that does the baby need to start wearing a diaper?" A familiar voice said inside Holly's mind the voice belonged to Lily.

"I can't wait until tomorrow soon everyone will see you not wearing a panties, plus once I tell everyone your darkest secret you'll be the laughing stock of the whole town" This time Haley's voice spoke.

Holly gasped and turned away as Kara took off her panties in front of her. She thought this would be the start of the reading she got off Kara before.

"M-Miss Kara, w-what are you doing?!" Holly stammered out while turning bright red.

As soon as Holly's panties were pulled down, a spurt of her warm clear fluid shot out of her urethra and landed on the material of her panties, which were currently half-way down her legs. She was about to shout for Lilly when she heard Kara explain herself.

"W-wha...okay..." Holly quietly said. "B-but M-, I mean, Kara, are you sure?"

Holly then heard some voices in her head and she saw images in front of her eyes. These images betrayed her own memories of the events which happened earlier. She wasn't sure what to think of them, she was scared by them.

"They wouldn't say that about me. Lilly's not that kind of person and neither is Holly. Just what do they mean? How can I see things I haven't even witnessed?" Holly thought past these images.

Lilly noticed the pained and confused look on Holly's face so she secretly read her surface thoughts. Just what was she on about? What did she see?

As soon as the images appeared within Holly's mind they seemed to vanish altogether, Kara took notice in this seeing as they weren't having the sort of effect that she would have liked. Instead Kara walked Holly to the entrance to the bathrooms she stopped and turned around. After having listened to what Holly had to say to her.

"Yes, I'm sure but were here now Lily and Haley should be going inside if you want you can join them" Kara told her.

She gave Holly's hand one last gentle squeeze before letting go she turned and left Holly there. Disappearing around a corner so that she wasn't seen. It seemed that the wind outside suddenly increased it power slamming into the building again and again. Kara stood there she was angry she had thought her trick might of worked but it didn't.

Lilly looked at Holly and wondered just what she was on about.

"Should I ask her? Or shouldn't I? She may hate me for reading her mind without her permission. I keep telling her not to do that with other people." Lilly thought as she led the Twins the final stretch to the bathrooms.

"Remember to wash your hands. And, Haley, remember to keep the dryer blowing while Holly pees, you know how she's scared of other people hearing it. Also, don't take your panties off and go around without them on, it's unbecoming of a young lady." Lilly told the twins as they walked into the toilets. A few seconds later, she heard the dryer blowing without a tap running before it, she concluded that Haley let Holly go first.

"At least she remembered one thing. Still, should I ask Holly about it?" Lilly thought while she waited.

Kara was still angry about the last events that had took place she noticed another one of those machines. That had a similar toy that Holly had one earlier she walked over to the machine and placed inside a token she began to play the game moving the little machine hand. To the stuffed toy that she wanted one looked like a moggle and another looked like a chocobo. Closing her eyes Kara used some magic.

To make sure that the machine hand would grab the toys that she wanted. Once it did Kara gathered both stuffed toys out of the machine and walked back to the bathroom. She walked inside and saw Lilly and walked over to her.

"Oh, is it ok if I got the twins some more animals?" Kara asked.

She showed Lily the moggle like animal along with the chocobo looking one as well.

"Oh, the the one in my right hand is for Holly and the one in my left is for Haley" Kara told her.

The moggle one was in her right hand and the chocobo one in her left.

Lilly was gazing off out of the window in thought, wondering just what had gotten Holly so confused and worried.

"I won't tell her, she wouldn't like it." Lilly thought, she won't tell Holly about the reading she got.

She was startled by Kara's question to her.

"Yeah. Thanks!" Lilly smiled. "They just can't get enough of stuffed toys. They have a whole room dedicated to their collection back at home."

The sound of a toilet flushing could be heard, later followed by a tap running and a dryer blowing. Holly walked out of the toilets and rejoined the group.

"Haley said she'll only be a minute." Holly informed Lilly.

Kara stood there and saw that Holly walked out of the toilets first she walked up to her. "This is for you" Kara said as she handed Holly the stuffed moggle toy. She stood near Holly "So, what do you like to do for fun?" Kara asked as she walked back over towards Lily.

"Haley I've got something for you?" Kara called out.

She remained standing there the sound of the wind slamming into the building increased shaking it every so often. She turned and looked over at Lily and thought of something "what about yourself what do you like to do for fun?" Kara asked.

Holly face seemed to light up upon seeing the toy offered to her by Kara.

"Thank you, Kara!" She cried out in joy as she dived onto her and gave her a huge hug.

"Well, I like reading and gaming and playing with animals and stuffed toys and..." Holly listed.

Another flushing sound could be heard, followed by the same sounds from earlier. Haley walked out of the toilets, her blouse pocket seemed to bulge a little more from the tokens in it, or maybe something else?

"Much better." She said as she walked back to the group. Kara offered her the other toy. This resulted in a delighted happy laugh from Haley and another hug for Kara. "Thank you so much!"

"Well, I like reading, internet surfing and gaming." Lilly answered, a little surprised from the question.

"Don't forget playing with animals, especially kittens." Haley added in, resulting in a blush from Lilly.

Seeing Holly's face light up seemed to fill Kara with joy and soon leaped at her. Giving Kara a huge hug Kara brought Holly closer and returned her hug. A tingling in her peach started and as much as she wanted to hold Holly longer knew she couldn't Kara let go of Holly. She smiled in return to her so wanting to pull her close again her tingling sensation increased. She quickly pushed those thoughts aside.

"I'm glad you like it, if you want I can win you more?" Kara asked.

She listened to what else Holly had to say to her.

"What sort of reading do you like?" Kara asked.

She heard the sound of a toilet flushing and out walked Haley who took. The other toy and gave Kara another hug in return.

"Your welcome" She said.

Kara turned to face Lily in doing so she squirmed slightly not from needing the bathroom. More along the lines of Holly's touch had turned her own. These very thoughts Kara shield with her strongest protective magic.

"Oh, kittens are cute I like it when they meow and purr" Kara told her.

"Can you?! That would be so awesome!" Holly replied happily.

"I like fantasy, romance and adventure." Holly answered.

"Y-yeah, they're cute, I guess." Lilly replied, still blushing.

"Do you know the part of kittens she really likes? She loves just how soft their paw pads are." Haley added in, resulting in a glare from Lilly. "What? Did I say something wrong? Anyway, we've got tokens to spend and prizes to win!" Haley said as she started to make her way back to the main arcade. When she jumped down the two steps leading into the main gaming area, the back of her skirt flew up a little, flashing her bare peach to Holly, who blushed and walked on.

"So she's took her panties off again?" Holly thought. "How can she do that in such an open place?!"

Kara still listened to what Holly had to say to her and smiled she leaned down closer to Holly.

"Yes, this will be a special thing though" Kara told her.

She moved away to be standing beside her as they walked towards another game Kara wanted. To reach out and take her hand again but felt nervous as she listened to more.

"What type of romance do you like?" Kara asked.

She could see that Lily was still blushing and decided to tease her only a little.

"You, look cute when you blush" Kara said.

She then heard Haley speak about cats again she was about to say something else. When she saw Haley jump up and town the back of her skirt blowing up to reveal her peach. To those behind her seeing this Kara squirmed lightly remembering that she herself was bare as well.

"I just like romance in general. As long as it's true love, it doesn't matter what other people think of it. Just because society says that girls can't love girls and boys can't love boys, it doesn't mean that they don't have true feelings of love for each other." Holly replied passionately.

"S-stop it!" Lilly answered, still blushing.

As Lilly walked along with the group, she noticed the slightly larger bulge in Haley's pocket.

"Does she really have that many tokens left? I didn't think 20 tokens would cause that large a bulge. Unless..." Lilly thought,. She considered the possibility of the bulge being caused by something else but dismissed it with a shake of her head.

"So, any particular game anyone wants to go to first?" Lilly asked the group.

Kara walked slowly beside Holly her bare thighs rubbing together her peach was still tingling. She pictured that it was Holly as the one who flashed her instead of Haley. A small wetness formed on her bare peach she squirmed around a little more. Pushing those thoughts aside she listened to Holly.

"I'm not really into boys loving boys I'm mainly into girls loving girls" Kara suddenly said,

Her face turning really red as she had said that aloud. She turned and looked over at Lily who was still blushing.

"Can. I win you a kitty toy?" Kara asked.

She again heard what Lily had to say to the group and wasn't sure just what she'd want to do.

"I'm not really sure Haley maybe one of the twins can pick out a good game for me?" Kara asked.

"Really? You'll do that for me?!" Lilly's eyes seemed to glow in response before she returned to her usual look. "I-it's not that I want you to do it, i-it's just that I want to see how good you are at the games here." Lilly added in while blushing slightly.

"The Dance Game!" Haley shouted as she ran near a pair of dance mats and a screen. "I wanna see Holly verse Kara!"

"M-me? Verse Kara?" Holly stammered out, clearly not wanting to do it. "B-but I'm no good at those games. I have no sense of rhythm."

"Don't lie! I know how you always pester Lilly to play those games with you back at home." Haley pouted. "It's true that you've got nothing on the dancing pro that is me." Haley puffed her chest out in pride.

"I'm doing it to be nice a way to make things better between us" Kara pointed out. She still saw that Lily was blushing and just smiled "you'll see in time, you'll see in time" Kara told her. When she then heard Haley shot this caused her to job slightly causing her own skirt to fly up slightly. Raveling her thighs to the group blushing Kara jammed her hands down into her skirt.

"B-but I've never danced before let alone tried one of these games" Kara told everyone.

The thought of her vsing Holly made her feel happy but also caused Kara to feel scared. She was completely bare under her skirt if they saw that what would they think.

"C'mon, it'll be fun!" Haley answered. "If you want to step straight into expert level, then verse me or Lilly first!"

"H-hey! Who said I was going to dance?" Lilly shot back.

"Please, Lilly, verse me first so we can show these two what a true dancing pro is!" Haley begged, putting on her best puppy dog eyes.

"Fine, I'll do it." Lilly gave in, she couldn't say no to Haley's pleading eyes.

"Yay!" Haley shouted for joy a she jumped onto the dance mat, sending her skirt up once again.

"Kara. I-I think I've got something of yours." Holly nervously said as she pulled down her panties, blushing profusely as she did so. She took them off and handed them back to Kara. "C-can I please have my panties back." Holly asked, as she shook from nervousness a little while holding her skirt down.

Kara watched the events take place between both Haley and Lily she wasn't paying much attention. To what was going on she then heard Holly speak to her. She turned to her and watched as Holly reached under her skirt and took her panties down. Blushing she watched as she handed them back to her.

"Yeah, here" Kara said.

She reached into her own pocket and handed Holly back her own panties. She quickly took her own and pulled them up her legs just having them on again and knowing they touched. Holly's own treasure caused her to move around abit. Kara stepped away from Holly a few steps "T-thank you" Kara stammered out her hands playing with the hem of her skirt.

"W-would you like to do something as we wait?" Kara asked.

"L-likewise." Holly replied. "I would but Haley'll flip if I did. She wants to show you just how good she is at things, that's a way in which she tries to get a person's attention." Holly stated in response to Kara's offer.

Haley put two tokens into the dancing machine and chose a song which she knew she'd do well in. It was a song from a popular music anime she likes to watch. Haley and Lilly went at it, Lilly closely matching Haley's score nearly the whole time but she soon overtook her with more 'Perfects' than Haley. In the end, Lilly won by a landslide of 'Perfects', nearly the whole of the notes she hit were perfect scores.

"Well, there you have it, Little Miss Dancing Pro." Lilly teased Haley.

"Lucky!" Haley pouted.

"And that was even with an injured leg." Lilly shot back as she limped over to the seats by the machine. It turns out that the added exertion from the dancing had caused her stab wound to hurt again.

"You're up, Holly!" Haley called Holly over, she knew she could beat Holly.

"Why me?" Holly moaned as she walked over to the machine.

"Couldn't she show me on another game I've never danced before let alone tried this" Kara told her as she listened to what Holly had to say to her she then looked, Back over at Haley and Lily who started their own match after watching it a bit it soon ended and Haley had won after all. Lily then went to sit down and Holly went up once Haley called her over.

Leaving her alone Kara felt a little sad and jealous she was enjoying her time with Holly. She didn't want to be alone right now if one looked closely they could see that Kara had a slight. Sad look upon her face she turned and walked over to Lily and sat down next to her.

"I'm actually nervous to be soon playing this game I don't even know really what to do"

"Well, I did it on the hardest difficulty to show Haley up. If you want, you can lower the difficulty of your own song choice to one which suits you. All you need to do is step on the glowing arrows in time with the beat of the song." Lilly informed Kara. "Go easy on Holly, she's likely to lose to Haley and feel a little down. I'm not saying let her win, I'm just saying give her a fighting chance. She's still quite the dancer, despite her reluctance."

The match went on between the twins. They both played another song on the hardest difficulty, Haley only won by two more perfects.

"Beat you!" She taunted as she stepped off the machine. "I told you I'm a pro at this!"

"You only won by two points! that's hardly a victory compared to how Lilly beat you!" Holly shot back.

"Doesn't matter, I still won!" Haley finished as she walked towards Kara. "Your turn. No backing out!"

Kara listened to what Lily had to say to her about the game she still wasn't really feeling up to it.

"But I'm still not sure about this" Kara told her. She looked over at Holly who stepped up to the game and she saw Haley walk up to her.

"C-can we try another game instead?" Kara asked.

She was getting scared now but the look in Haley's eyes meant that wasn't happening right now. Giving in Kara walked up to the machine she looked at Holly.

"I hope I do good" Kara said.

"Me too." Holly answered. "I'm sorry you got dragged into this, Haley's a bit difficult to deal with. She's grown up thinking that the only way she'll ever get attention is by besting others at just about anything. I was also brought up like that but I'm not as stuck to it as Haley is."

She picked a song and set it to the same difficulty as Kara would.

"I'm ready when you are." She said.

Haley joined Lilly on the seats,

"You really shouldn't drag your sister into you petty little games." Lilly told Haley.

"If I don't then nobody else would do it with me." Haley answered while looking at the two on the dance mats.

"Maybe they would if you asked them nicely and wasn't so boastful when you won."

"I would, but it's not that easy..."

Kara followed Holly up to the dance machine and listened to what she had to say. "You don't seem really like that if fact you sweet and caring plus a little shy. That's what I like about you is that your a true friend" Kara said blushing as she finished talking to Holly who was busy picking out a song.

She followed suit and picked out on for herself she set the difficulty to the lowest setting. She moved back and stood on the dancing mat.

'I'm ready" She said.

Soon the game began and the music started playing Kara had chosen a song from her own. Favourite anime soon the arrows came up upon the screen and Kara at first started to match the beat of the arrows but after sometime the arrows seemed to come out faster. She had managed to get a couple of "Prefects" but they were far and in between most of the time. X's appeared on Kara's side of the game meaning she was doing quite badly and wasn't getting a really good score.

Soon the song game to an end and the game ended Kara stepped down. From the dancing machine and looked at her score it was really high only around 100k. She looked back at Haley and thought of something to get her back.

"I challenge you to a game of Ice Hockey" Kara said.

Holly just blushed at Kara's comment.

"Th-thanks."

As the song was on the easiest difficulty, Holly had no trouble hitting perfects. She looked over at Kara's side of the screen and saw that she wasn't doing as well. Holly then purposefully reduced her own score to not completely crush Kara's. Holly purposefully hit 'greats' and 'goods' and the odd occasional 'x', she done it in such a way that it wasn't obvious to anyone. Lilly managed to see through it, though.

"She's a nice girl, unlike her sister. Haley wouldn't have second thoughts about obliterating her opponent's score." Lilly thought, smiling at Holly's kind nature.

At the end, Holly had beaten Kara by only 15k points and a few more perfects.

"Not bad. You did quite well!" Holly congratulated Kara.

Kara challenged Haley to an Ice Hockey game. Haley was surprised that Kara actually wanted to challenge her.

"You're on!" Haley replied, jumping off her seat and sending her skirt flying up a little, showing her treasure to any onlooker. "Loser has to admit another embarrassing secret! We've still got that to do from earlier, we'll do it over a snack later."

"Thanks" Kara mentioned she herself blush lightly at Holly's remark about how well she did on the game.

As Kara kept her gaze upon Haley she saw as she jumped up her skirt fly up. Showing her a clear look at her treasure her own tingled more as she picture Holly there instead. Even Lily entered her mind she juices seeped into her panties as she blushed redder.

"Um, Haley shouldn't you put on some panties?" Kara asked.

She turned away and looked back at Holly her face flushed her breathing came quicker. She quickly turned away and started to head towards the Ice Hockey table. She soon reached it and grabbed a small white puck and one of the hand grips to hit it with. As she stood beside the table her thoughts were running wild. Her treasure tingling like crazy she felt moist between her legs. Her panties turning damp from her juices.

The others soon reached where Kara was and she turned back to face them.

"Ok, but also the loser has to kiss the winner or someone of their choice" Kara stated.

"But it feels so good without them. The breeze feels great and it's more healthy this way as there's nothing pushing against my skin." Haley answered Kara's question.

Lilly didn't hear what had been exchanged between Kara and Haley, she was lost in her own thoughts. She only noticed that they were moving on when Holly tugged on her jumper. Lilly followed the rest of the group to the Ice Hockey Table.

"Where's the fun in that? That's too good for the loser to do, I think the winner should be able to do that." Haley replied to the addition of rules. "I'm ready when you are." Haley picked up her own hand grip and prepared to block the first shot.

"But, that's embarrassing plus your flashing everyone" Kara stated. As she sent a tiny gust of wind to blow at Haley's peach between her legs they soon both took up positions as she. Heard the rest of what Haley had to say to her. "Fine the winner can do it but, the loser has to be the winner slave for an hour" Kara told her.

She nodded at Haley's reply about being ready Kara shot off the puck towards the goal. On Haley's side of the table and she blocked it sending it back towards her. Soon the puck was moving from side to side with both Kara and Haley each scoring goals. Along with blocking them the game was rather close and the scores about even.

"I won't lose"

"Hope you like the slave life." Haley taunted back.

Each time Haley knocked the puck back her skirt flew up a little, flashing anyone who was standing behind her. A multitude of arcade goers came to the Ice Hockey table to see the spectacle.

The scores were close and the outcome undecided. Each player seemed to be matching the other in skills. If Haley wanted to win this, she'd have to do something out of the box. She considered her options carefully, trying to decided on what would be the best way of reaching the outcome she wanted. With all the bouncing around, Lilly finally noticed that Haley wasn't wearing her panties.

"HALEY!" She shouted. "P-put your p-panties back on right now!"

"Huh?" Haley was momentarily distracted by Lilly's outburst.

The rest of the arcade now came over to the Ice Hockey table in hopes of seeing this pantiless girl.

It seemed that quite the crowd of on lookers were forming around the pair. As they battled on the Ice Hockey table the game was still rather close as each of them. Blocked and scored with each attack upon the puck Kara then took notice that Haley's skirt kept flying up. With all her bouncing around she herself saw it blushing she placed the memory. Out of her mind the best that she could since Haley's score seemed to pull ahead a few points.

When Kara was busy watching her she pictured that it was Holly there instead. She herself bounced around a little showing her own panties to any on looker. Not wanting to lose she returned her attention back to the game and soon saw that Haley had become distracted. Momentarily when Lily had called out to her.

"Perfect" Kara thought.

She was quickly able to regain control of the game and even pull ahead. By a few points when after a couple more blocks and goals from each player. Kara slammed the puck home on the final play scoring the winning goal.

"I win" Kara shouted with joy.

The game was decided, Kara had won.

"No fair! Lilly distracted me!" Haley groaned.

Lilly then went up to Haley and pulled her panties out of her blouse pocket.

"Panties on, now! Else I'll send you home!" Lilly demanded, blushing at the publicity of the situation.

"Fine!" Haley pouted as she put each leg into her panties and pulled them up, giving one final, obvious, complete flash to all of the onlookers of her girlhood. "Happy now?!"

Lilly couldn't help but blush some more at the way in which Haley had interpreted her demand. Holly just stood at the side and watched it all play out, she knew that Haley will find a way to remove her panties again.

Kara watched what went on with Haley and Lily she saw that Holly was standing alone. Also watching the events she then walked over to her. "How are you doing?" Kara asked her wondering just how she was doing. As she waited to hear Holly's reply back to her she noticed that the crowd was thinning turning around she called out to both Lily and Haley.

"I'm getting hungry wanna go for a snack?" She called out.

She turned back to Holly once more a blush came across her cheeks again, She thought of something to say to Holly.

"Can I tell you something later, I don't want to upset you or scare you but I'd like to tell you something?" Kara asked.

"I'm okay. I'm just not one for such...crowded places." Holly replied.

Lilly was busy scolding Haley for the removal of her panties, constantly reminding her that it is not something which a young lady would do. Haley just took it all in, she had heard it all before and she knew that Lilly was just running out of creative ways to scold her for her little habit. Once the scolding was over, Lilly heard Kara ask a question.

"I guess we could do that. I'm pretty hungry, too, and I'm sure that you've got something to discuss in regards to you little wagers." Lilly answered. "Snack bar is this way." She led the group to the right of the main desk towards a small tiled eating area.

"Um, okay. I guess so." Holly quietly responded.

Kara listened to what Holly had to say to her.

"Would you have liked to be somewhere else maybe alone?" Kara asked,

She turned around when she heard Lily's question she blushed again at part of it. "Yeah, your right about that" Kara replied.

Not really enjoying what she had to say about her own secrets. She reached out with her hand so that Holly could take it if she wished. As they started to the eating area.

"I, um, er...okay." Holly answered. "I just...um...don't know what to say to that."

Holly took Kara's offered hand as Haley walked past. She stood in front of Kara and did a mock curtsey.

"Guess I'm your servant for the next hour, Mistress." She said, looking down and shuffling her right foot back and forth. She then followed on after Lilly.

The reached the eating area and found a vacant table. Lilly indicated for Haley to sit down at it.

"So, the menu's on the table. Once you've decided I'll go and get the food." Lilly said as she took her own seat. "No discussing stuff without me, I don't want Haley getting away with lying about herself."

"Like I'd do that..." Haley answered. Lilly just rolled her eyes.

"If she doesn't tell the truth, then I'll let her most embarrassing secret be known." Lilly responded to Haley's statement.

With Holly's hand in her own they started walking towards the eating area. :

'Do, you really like being alone maybe or do you wish you had a nice friend?" Kara asked.

She then saw Haley walk in front of her and curtsey.

"If you please me, I'll go easy on you" Kara told her as they entered into the eating area. She soon let go of Holly's hand and sat down and looked at the menu of food.

"I'd like a hamburger with now cheese and some frys with a large cola" Kara told Lily.

She then listened to what both Lily and Haley had to say to each other.

"Once you get back I'll go first then" Kara said.

"I've never really thought of that. I never feel lonely as I've always got Haley with me. Lilly also tried her best to spend as much time with us as possible but she's also got her own studies to focus on. Ever since we were very little, Haley and I have always been together, just us two. No one else ever wanted to get to know us due to what family we were from. Most people in this town all look towards our family for money when they need it. Our family provides but Mother expects not only the lent money to be paid back, she expects interest per month lent back as well. It's always been us two, in our own little world. That's why Haley's like she is, no one ever paid her any attention, so she thought that if she beat them they'd respect her more and spend time with her." Holly answered.

"Chicken bites with fries and a large Vimto!" Haley ordered.

"Cheesy Chips with salad and small bottle of orange juice, please." Holly requested.

"Alright, I'll go and get them now." Lilly said as she got up off her seat. "Are you sure you want a large Vimto, Haley? haven't you had enough of that?" Lilly asked, remembering Haley's earlier episode at the Ice-Cream shop.

"Yes! No ifs, buts or maybes." Haley retorted.

Lilly sighed and went to get the orders. After a few minutes, she returned with a large tray of food. She placed it in the middle of the table, took her own order from it and sat down.

"Alright, let's get started on this agreement, then." Lilly said while opening her pasta pot.

Kara took in all that Holly had to say to her.

"Well, I'm here with you guys spending time with you, getting to know you. I wish that Haley acted like you do I'm up for challenges and all but getting respect that way doesn't really help much" Kara told her as Lily went to get each of their orders.

"I myself have been alone, I'm not really used to spending much of my time with others" Kara said. She was about to go into more about herself when Lily returned with their meals. She soon took her own and then knew it was time to reveal her own secret. She soon decided on what she was going to say.

"I-I like girls, I mean I like them alot I think they look really cute in the outfits they where. The color of their hair and eyes I really like seeing them wearing skirts. And hope sometimes I can see their panties or at least see the color of it." Kara stated.

She took a sip from her drink.

"I sometimes fantasize about them at night dreaming of them naked together with me in my bed. I often times pleasure myself just thinking about them I to enjoy seeing them desperate for the restroom seeing them makes me tingle. I think they look so cute and helpless that I really want to see them wet themselves" Kara added.

She was blushing and getting misty eyed as she was telling them this.

Holly and Haley listened intently at what Kara said.

"So, you're a shut in?" Haley asked Kara.

The three of them blushed at this, not knowing just how to reply.

"You're a shut in and a girl lover? Plus you like seeing girls pee themselves?" Haley asked, mouth agape.

"Present audience taken into account. I think we should stop there." Lilly quickly cut in. "Who wants to go next?" Lilly asked before starting on her food.

"I-I'll go next." Holly quietly said. "Unless Haley wants to."

"No, I'm fine just eating here." Haley answered before eating a chicken bite.

"Well, I don't know how to say this..." Holly started. "I've never been good with crowds at the best of times. I don't like the feeling it give me, it makes me feel like I'm small enough to be stepped on and forgotten about. It's even worse if they're crowds of boys. I'm... Andra...andri..." Holly said.

"Androphobic." Lilly finished the word for Holly.

"Yes, that. I'm scared of boys. Every time I come close to one I feel like crying. It's even worse if I need the bathroom. It's happened once before, I was walking to the bathroom at school and there were a few boys playing around inside the girl's bathroom. I walked in, not knowing this and nearly walked into the back of a boy. As soon as I realized that I was surrounded by boys, I just couldn't hold it any more. I wet myself, in front of a lot of boys." Holly finished, she was starting to cry a little.

"Yes" Kara replied.

She was now crying she didn't really know what they'd think of her now. she just sat there not touching her food or drink as Haley asked her another question. She only nodded at this before Lily spoke up and Holly then decided to go next. As Kara listened to her tale she was still crying when she heard that Holly had wet herself in front of a group of boys she really started to cry. Her peach was really moist now.

Kara reached over and hugged Holly for only a moment before letting go of her. She felt like getting up from the table and she soon did. Standing up she looked at each of the three pairs of eyes looking right at her.

"I-I'm sorry" Kara told the group.

She placed some of her own money upon the table as a means of paying for her meal. She then started to walk away from the group still crying as she did so.

"Does this mean our little agreement is off?" Haley asked nobody in particular.

"Haley, be quiet." Lilly replied as she started off towards where Kara was heading.

"What's wrong with Kara?" Holly asked. She considered following Lilly but thought against it. One person is enough.

Kara soon walked over and stood near the restrooms she was crying. She stood outside them her need to rub her itch between her legs was back two-fold but she was also really sad.

"W-what will they think of me now?" Kara said to herself.

She was crying opening.

'W-what about Holly and Lily even Haley for that matter" Kara sobbed.

Lilly followed Kara back to the toilets and saw her standing outside. She wanted to go up to her and ask her what as wrong but she wasn't sure if Kara wanted to be alone or not.

Holly was wondering what was taking Lilly so long to bring Kara back. She wanted to follow after them.

"I'm just going to the toilet." She made that excuse to Haley.

"Do you want me to come with you?" Haley asked.

"No, I'll be fine. Lilly will go with me. Just wait here."

Holly followed in the footsteps of Lilly and saw the two of them by the toilets. Holly saw how apprehensive Lilly was at going to Kara. Holly hoped that the little conversation they had earlier was enough to get Kara to open up to Holly. She walked over to Kara and gave her a hug.

"Kara, what's wrong? Why are you crying?" Holly asked as she hugged her.

Still crying she saw as Lily went into the toilets leaving her alone. She was alone for sometime before she heard footsteps behind her not knowing who it was. She felt herself being pulled into a hug and Holly's voice ask her what was wrong.

"I-I shouldn't have said that to you guys, I'm scared of what you think of me" Kara sobbed,

She seemed to melt into Holly's hug,

"I-I enjoyed your accident I even tried to make you have one. I liked seeing Haley wet herself as well" Kara cried she squirmed around in Holly's arms.

"Don't worry, we all have our own likes. As long as you don't make me do it I won't mind. Please, with something like that, you need to let the other person feel safe doing it. Like with my own ability, I won't do it unless the other person knows I'm doing it." Holly comforted.

Seeing Holly go in after Kara, Lilly went back to the table to keep Haley out of trouble.

"So, what's taking her so long?" Haley asked.

"Still the same as ever, huh? Just eat and don't talk." Lilly answered, misinterpreting just what Haley had said.

Haley said nothing as she went back to her food.

Listening to what Holly said seemed to cause Kara to cry even more.

"B-But it seems wrong" Kara told her.

She pulled Holly closer to her letting her hands roam over her back side. She was about to touch Holly's butt when she let go of her.

'We should go back" Kara said.

She wiped the tears from her eyes and walked back to where the others were.

"There is no right or wrong when it comes to love. Everything is good, everything is acceptable and everything should be free." Holly stated.

Holly and Kara went back to the group. Holly went back to her own seat and sat down to start eating her food again.

"So, feeling better?" Haley questioned. "After a little food you should be."

They soon reached the table and Kara sat down again as she heard Haley's question.

"Yes" Kara replied.

She started to eat her food when a thought came to her.

"Haley I'd like to see you kiss Lily on the lips since it was part of our agreement" Kara stated.

"Huh?!" Haley answered. "M-me? K-kiss Lilly?! ON THE LIPS?!" She shouted out.

"That's a little unreasonable, isn't it?!" Lilly quickly answered.

"What?" Holly asked, confused by everything.

"Ok, you don't have to do that instead kiss her on the cheek" Kara told her.

She blushed first at what Haley had said before she had changed her mind.

"Oh, and Haley I'd like you tell me your own embarrassing secret I'd like to hear the juicy details" Kara said.

"Cheek's okay." Haley quickly said before pecking Lilly on the cheek before she had a chance to protest.

"Alright, here's my embarrassing secret: I don't like the dark." Haley said, not really wanting to play by the rules.

"You know what I said, right?" Lilly wasn't having none of Haley's evasiveness. "Here's the true story: she doesn't like the dark, ghosts, spiders or needles. She's been wetting the bed since she was five years old and she still does now. She likes to take off her panties whenever she feels like it, as you've probably seen. She can't stand being left alone in a dark room so she can't sleep without a night-light on and she also still wears nappies to school because she tends to drink too much and not be able to make it to the toilet in time." Lilly explained with no remorse for Haley, who did get herself in this mess, after all.

"Lilly, you're mean!" Haley shot back, her face bright red.

Kara took in everything that Lily had to say to her not really knowing how to respond, "I-I'm sorry Haley I didn't know" Kara had said she got up from the table and walked over to her. Giving her a hug "I promise I will never tell anyone" Kara told her and let go of Haley. Before returning to her own seat, She looked over at Lily and was about to say something. When she thought about everything that'd been said,

She looked over at Holly then back at Lily she pictured both of them. As being the ones in Haley's place she herself blushed at this and took a big sip from her drink.

Haley hugged Kara back and stuck her tongue out at Lilly. Lilly paid no attention to it and continued with her food, finishing off the pasta and starting on her bottle of Cola.

"Well, now that that's all over with, shall we finish our food and get back to the arcade?" Lilly asked.

"Yes." Holly replied. "I've nearly finished myself." She ate a little more of her food and had nearly finished the lot.

"I suppose so, I've still got tokens to spend!" Haley said as she ate the last of her chicken bites.

"I've got a couple of tokens left I could always use them for another prize grab" Kara said. She reached into the pocket of her skirt and felt that she still had a few tokens left.

She went to eating the rest of her hamburger and finishing up her cola. She sat there looking at the rest of the group as she sat there pictures filled her mind again about Holly and Lily. Being in Haley's sort of life her treasure moisten further just thinking of this.

"Before we go back to the arcade, I want you two to try for the bathroom. I don't want any interruptions or accidents while we are here. And, Haley, Keep your panties on this time." Lilly requested to the twins.

"Whatever." Haley said as she got up off the table and stared towards the toilets. "C'mon, Holly, I'll leave you behind!"

"W-wait for me!" Holly called out as she went after Haley.

"We better go after them to make sure they do as they are told. I know Holly will but I'm not too sure about Haley." Lilly told Kara.

She followed away the twins as the walked to the bathrooms she was beginning to feel her own. Need in having to go "I guess your right if things get out of hand Haley we could try something else" Kara told her.

They soon reached the toilets and Kara walked inside.

"Haley make sure you go, and Holly if you need help you can ask either me or Lily" She told them.

Holly blushed at the entrance of Kara and Lilly, Haley was just about to enter a cubicle when she saw the two enter.

"So, all four of us are here, huh?" Haley asked before walking into the cubicle and closing the door behind her. A few seconds later, a trickling sound could be heard as Haley attended to her need.

"Um, Kara, could you please keep the dryer blowing while I, um, you know..." Holly blushed as she asked Kara.

"As soon as the two finish, we can then go if we need to. But, beforehand, I'll check if Haley remembered to keep her panties on." Lilly informed Kara.

Kara said nothing as she saw that Holly was blushing she decided to tease her only lightly. "I could always use some wind instead would that help?" Kara asked, She walked over to the dryer and turned it on so Holly could go about her need,

She walked then into her own stall and saw to her own business but before entering she whispered to Lily.

"If you does it again we could always put her in a pull up" Kara said.

She then entered the stall and went about her needs,

At the sound of one toilet flushing, another slight trickling noise could just be heard before the sound of the dryer coming on. Haley left the cubicle she was in and went to wash her hands. She then dried her hands with the other dryer.

"I'll keep this one running, you can use the toilet if you want." Haley said to Kara.

"She'll find a way to get them down, too. She has done before at school." Lilly whispered back to Kara's suggestion.

Another toilet flushing could be heard as Holly left her cubicle and went to wash her hands. She dried them with the dyer which Haley was using to mask the sound of Holly using the toilet.

Lilly walked over to Haley and gently flipped her skirt up, just enough so she could see if Haley was wearing her panties. One look at Haley's bare flower was all Lilly needed to see.

"Panties. Now." Lilly ordered Haley.

"But they're too constricting!" Haley answered, trying to come up with an excuse.

"I think they look like they fit you perfectly. Put them on or you'll go home." Lilly retorted, not giving in to Haley.

"Fine!" Haley answered as she put them on the same way she did before, with no care what anyone might see while she was doing it.

"Good." Lilly answered. She then went into an empty cubicle to relieve herself, even though she didn't really need to go at that moment in time.

As she sat on her own toilet her hand traveled down to her peach. Where she began to rub it slightly as she ran her fingers over her panties fresh urine. Seemed to seep out of them into the toilet Kara began to moan as she did this her fingers teasing her peach "H-Holly" Kara moaned softly to herself as her noises were lost against the sound of the dryer.

As she was busy with her happy-time a change began to take over Kara the wind outside, Seemed to die down returning the air to it's normal ways yet inside her stall the wind seemed to eurpt forth from her body. First this was small then it grew in volume as her magical powers ran out of control Kara's clothes shifted over to her battle outfit. As the blades of wind that had formed around her then tore through her stall.

Cutting it to pieces she not stood before the three of them hovering lightly above the ground. The wind blowing like crazy she fixed her eyes on each of them and smiled. Moving her own hands around the wind so died down leaving Kara standing there. She was still shielded from any sort of magic they would be able to use upon her.

Lilly quickly finished her business in the toilet and flushed it behind her. She then washed her hands and dried them.

"Wonder what's taking Kara so long?" Lilly quietly asked.

A sudden loud shattering sound could be heard from the direction of the stalls. Wood splinters shot out and clattered against the walls. The twins screamed in shock and Lilly dived in front of them with her back to the stalls to shield them from the blast if need be. Once the explosion ended, Lilly turned around and saw someone who was familiar.

"You!" Lilly shouted out to the figure of her nemesis. She quickly cast a protective sphere around the girls and her eyes took on a white fiery glow as she was encased in a plume of flames. Once the flames died down, Lilly was in her own battle outfit.

Kara looked over at Lily who had changed moments ago until her own outfit. "Ah, you've returned and brought others with you" Kara asked her, She walked towards Lily and stopped before her she looked over at the twins. "My, My how sweet" Kara laughed she turned away and blades of wind began to form around her. 'Let's see what you look like embarrassed and naked" Kara laughed. They shot at each of them it attempts of cutting through there clothes.

She turned her attention back to Lily "all the suffering you did to me the other day I will return upon you" Kara yelled at her several small gusts of wind shot at Lily.

Before the wind could come into contact with The Twins, the fire shield around them intensified and caused a convection current to carry the wind upwards to clatter against the ceiling.

"What's going on?!"

"What's happening?!"

"LILLY!" The twins screamed out.

Due to the surprise round, the wind managed to make contact with Lilly. It battered against her but ultimately didn't cause much damage.

"I've got to keep them safe!" Lilly thought.

She started to run out of the toilets and into the main arcade. When she reached the arcade, she jumped through the main window. The glass shattered, causing many of the patrons to run out of the main door screaming. The ball of flame followed Lilly, sending the twins through the same shattered window.

It seemed that Lily was retreating Kara followed behind her flying out of the bathroom like a bat outta hell. She saw as Lily jumped out of the window with the twins behind her. Flying quickly Kara followed her out the same window. They were soon at the main entrance to the arcade she watched as patrons ran around screaming trying to get away from them.

Ignoring them she spotted the group of three again she sent forth tiny blades of wind. At Lily enough that it would do some harm but not enough. For a brief moment Holly's images entered her mind but Kara quickly shook it out.

Not having the concentration to cast powerful spells, as she still had to keep the ball formed, Lilly shot back a few fireballs towards the girl, slightly changing the angles of the wind blades so none of the hit dead on their mark. The glanced Lilly, cutting her clothe a little as she ran towards a less populated area, jumping over cars and running down side alleyways towards the park.

Every now and then, she caused a jet of flame to shoot out of the ground behind her in an attempting at changing the course of her pursuer.

"The park should be big enough to fight her in without harming anyone." Lilly thought.

The twins in the fireball didn't know what was going on. Holly had fainted from fright and Haley was on the verge of doing the same. She only just managed to see the girl chasing them in the sky before being sent hurtling around a corner in a ball which seemed to have a mind of its own.

As she followed behind Lily a few blasts of fire were shot at her she avoided them. But a few lucky ones touched her body burning her clothes slightly but causing no harm. As she flew over cars and then down an alleyway a jet of flame shot upwards from the ground. Blocking Kara's way she flew upwards avoiding the attack.

So spotted the park several leagues away.

"That's where she's headed I'll beat her there" Kara thought.

Ignoring Lily for not she quickly flew towards the park hoping to get there before Lily did.

Lilly ran on, not caring about where her assailant was at the moment. Her main focus was on keeping the girls safe from harm. She swerved in and out of moving cars and throngs of people, narrowly avoiding running into a lorry which was reversing. The park was within sight, Lilly just hoped she'd get there before her attacker and find a vantage point to strike from.

Haley, within the fireball, was now starting to really enjoy the trip. It was almost like she was riding a roller-coaster, which she was never allowed on due to her height and age. Her screams of fear were replaced with laughter of enjoyment. She wondered just what the ball would do next.

In the sky above the city Kara passed between rows of homes and buildings as she headed. Right for the park she looked down and spotted her prey flying down towards her. She saw that Lily had now entered the park before her using the same area she had used before they had first met each other. Seeing several long rows of trees she created several large blades of wind.

Next she cast them at the trees watching as they cut through the tree branches. Sending them crashing to the ground hoping to block Lily's escape route landed upon. The ground Kara entered into the park herself passing by people running the other way.

Lilly had just got into the park when a load of tree branches started to fall down onto the path in front of her. Some she ran around and others she just burned to a crisp, creating nothing but harmless ash to run through. The smell of a wood fire started to fill the park. Lilly ran straight towards the fountain in the centre, sending the sphere with the twins in to the top of the statue.

Haley loved every minute of the park entrance, she laughed some more as she flew around tree branches and ash piles. She wished that Holly was awake to see this, but she was still unconscious. She groaned when she was sent to the top of the fountain.

"What? The ride's over, that's IT?!" She asked, wanting more fun.

Passing now through fallen and burnt tree branches after several moments Kara came upon. Lily once again standing near the fountain with the twins resting atop of it. "Still going to keep on running?" Kara asked her as she ran forward towards her once she got close to her. She brought her fist forward aiming it at Lily's stomach followed by another punch aimed at her face.

She jumped backwards in case Lily tried any sort of counter attack up close. Starting to move her hands Kara got ready to cast her own spell the wind blew around her quickly and rapidly. Until a mini tornado was in the palms of her hands she shot it at Lily as well.

"Not any more!" Lilly answered.

She saw her attacker run towards her and try to attack her. Lilly quickly created a single dagger in her hand and slashed it at her, hoping that it would make contact before jumping to the side to avoid the punches. The flame sphere wavered a little at the creation and expulsion of the dagger.

Lilly saw that the girl was now trying a magical attack at her. Knowing any magic would cause the sphere to break, Lilly tried her best to create a wall of flame to try and block the tornado, should it be fired at her. The flame sphere started to fade away, Lilly put more focus into it and the wall of flame was reduced in size a little.

"I can't keep fighting like this, it's either them or me." Lilly thought in regards to her current situation.

Before she had jumped back she felt the fire dagger cut into her skin sending burning wound on her lower chest. Grunting in pain she held the mini tornado in her hands watching as Lily formed a small wall of flame around her moving her left hand. She created small dagger like blades of wind and shot them and the lower part of Lily. Hoping that if any got through the fire that they'd cut through her clothes.

If this happened then it would give Kara the needed opening she wanted to cast her spell upon Lily.

Due to the reduced strength of the firewall, the blade of wind struck home, cutting through the bottom of Lilly's outfit, causing a slight gash in the fabric so her panties were on show a little through it. The firewall quickly dropped as Lilly's hands went down to cover up the gash.

As a result of the hand movements, the fireball with the twins in started moving around again, it shot down towards the ground, causing a slight dust cloud to form.

"It's started again?! YAY!" Haley cried out in joy.

Behind the embarrassment, Lilly now saw an opportunity to strike. If Haley didn't mind being thrown about in the orb then she could use that as a weapon. Swallowing her embarrassment, Lilly directed the ball to shoot straight towards the attacking girl.

Seeing that her attack had the effect she wanted Kara got ready to attack the girl. Only to see the ball of fire shoot right at her Kara sent her own attack at the flame girl. She saw the ball of fire fear was in her eyes. She saw both Haley and Holly were inside of it. Not wanting to harm Holly she used the wind to cut through the ball of fire. Splitting it apart just enough so that she could place both Haley and Holly gently upon the ground.

The ball of flames then slammed into her sending her flying back the attack was powerful but not by much. She was sent flying backwards crashing into a tree her head snapping back from the impact knocking her out. Soon the magic of Kara's outfit faded away to reveal that the girl attacking Lily was Kara herself.

She lay there against the tree.

About half way to the girl, the ball split in half momentarily, sending the twins through it and onto the ground beneath them with a small bump. The shock of the impact was enough to wake Holly from her unconsciousness. She sat up, wondering what had happened. Haley, however, was still laughing with enjoyment as her little ride came to a bumping halt.

The ball plummeted towards the girl, crashing into her and knocking her back into a tree. Lilly looked at the girl in shock when she saw the battle outfit fade.

"Kara?!" Lilly shouted out as she ran towards Kara.

Kara still lay against the tree she slowly opened her eyes her vision was blurry. She heard a voice call out to her yet couldn't make out who it was since her head was still spinning. "W-who, what?" Kara stammered out she tried to get to her feet but fell back upon the ground. Since she wasn't feeling well as her sight got better she made out shapes.

Seeing the twins and then Lily several yards away. Summoning a small bit of wind magic Kara started to float off the ground and floated over to Holly. "I-I'm sorry" Kara said kissing her she flew up into the air and disappeared from sight.

"Kara, why?! Why did you fight me?!" Lilly asked as soon as she saw Kara open her eyes.

"Kara, what happened to you?" Holly questioned, a worried look on her face.

"Kara, that was so awesome! I flew around in a ball of fire! And you were so cool chasing us! It was like we were in some kind of magical girl anime." Haley blurted out in happiness.

"Don't go! You're hurt!" Holly called after Kara.

Lilly just fell to her knees, her outfit returned to normal and she just stared at the floor.

"What have I done? Why did I fight her?" Lilly asked herself quietly. "What have I become?"

A faint wind that remained in the area brushed against Holly's cheek and between her legs. It seemed to say I'm sorry and I like you at the same time. The wind fadded away as Kara slowly traveled across the sky she landed upon the roof of a building not far from where. She had just fought Lily landing gently upon it she looked out over the city.

"Nothing will be the same" Kara said to herself.

She then felt as the last of the wind had touched Holly and Kara dropped to her knees and began to cry.

"Kara..." Holly quietly choked out as tears started to form in her eyes. She felt the wind brush up against her in a pleasant way, almost as if Kara herself had touched her. "Please, be safe." Holly then started sobbing away quietly.

"So, what actually happened?" Haley asked in general.

"Kara, why? Why didn't you tell me?" Lilly said to herself as she looked in the direction Kara went.

A few minutes of silence descended on the group. Nobody spoke until at least five minutes after the events had happened.

"Let's go home..." Lilly said, her voice no more than a whisper, to the twins.

All three then headed back in the direction of the Sera residenance

