A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*012*2014-07-10 00:38

Here is the next chapter to those who read this.

Chapter 10: Scared and Afraid

As Kara took in what her father had just told her. She turned and ran away from him back into the school.

"Damn it Kara get the fuck back here!" Kale yelled as he started after her.

She ran down the halls like a frightened deer in front of head lights. She needed to tell Lilly about what was happening. She quickly took her phone out of her skirt pocket and dialed Lilly's number.

She heard the phone ring on the other end but only got a voice mail.

'Lilly please I need help, my father wants me to destroy your Mothers company I don't want to go with him please help me' Kara cried into the phone.

Kale chased after Kara he seemed to move much faster as he used a gust of wind and flew in front of her.

Landing upon the ground Kale grabbed Kara by the neck. Then slapped her hard across the face "how dare you run from me" Kale snapped as he punched his daughter in the chest then slapped her hard across the face.

"L..illy please" Kara begged as her phone was still opened and Lilly's voice mail was still recording.

"I thought I told you that you weren't allowed to see her anymore" Kale yelled. He slapped Kara's face again and again.

She started crying and sent out a wave of wind in a panic hoping it would find Lilly.

The nurse went off back to the Infirmary while Lilly waited, still cradling Haley in her arms, for Holly to finish up in the toilets. After around three minutes, Holly left the toilet when she'd finished everything she needed to do inside.

"I leaked a little." Holly admitted with a blush. "My panties aren't that wet but they're still a little uncomfortable."

"We're going home now anyway." Lilly answered as she tried to push lewd thoughts regarding Holly out of her head.

A faint gust of wind shot down the hallway and blew up both Lilly and Holly's skirts. Lilly just caught a glimpse of the small wet spot on the crotch of Holly's panties before trying to push down her skirt to prevent her panties from being on display.

"Kara's hurting again..." Haley groggily stated. "She's in pain."

It took Lilly a second to realize but the wind itself was not normal wind. It was a magical wind which matched Kara's magic helix. She locked on to this helix and tried pinpointing the location it came from. It came from the entrance to the school

"Seems like we'll have to wait for a little while." Lilly answered as she put Haley down. "Holly, can you teleport yourself and Haley home? I'd rather Haley not be here in her condition."

"I can try." Holly replied.

"I'll be back soon." Lilly told the pair a she darted off down the corridor and changed into her battle outfit.

Kale still held Kara in his arm he then punched her hard in the chest knocking the wind out of her. She fell to the ground gasping for air. "Your nothing but a waste of human flesh" Kale snapped as he brought back his foot and kicked Kara square in the chest,

She looked up and spotted a familiar figure in the distance running towards her. "L-Lilly" Kara gasped out her face was brusied and covered in fresh blood. Kale heard the name spoken and turned about towards Lilly.

"Ah, the daughter of the slut" Kale stated.Kale stands just a few inches under six feet his hair which is black has white. Highlights on the right, left and top part of his hair. Kale's pupils are slitted like a cat's ones, his right eye is a beautiful shade of blue, and his left eye is a golden wolf's eye. His eyelashes are quite short, while his thin eyebrows are delicately curved. He then changed into his battle armour.

Kale wears strange shoulder armor that has a black cape connected to it drooping over his entire body so no one can see underneath it. He also wears a black tight tank top which seems to fit him pretty comfortably. On top of the shirt he wears what seems like a jacket of some kind that is like a dark purple kind of like color and it has no sleeves on it all. He wears some strange looking baggy type black pants and his tank top is tucked neatly under his pants so his shirt fits him a bit more tightly. He wears tall black boots which buckle and come over top his pants coming up past his ankles almost halfway up to his knees which seem to almost way a ton from the looks of them. On his left side is a long great katana which is in a dark purple sheath.

He looked over at Kara. "Your no longer welcome in my home" Kale stated. As he kicked her once again in the chest,

Lilly reached the Ravenclaws a little after the time in which Kale had changed into his empowered form.

"People like you make me sick." She stated. "What kind of father would openly abuse his daughter in the middle of a school? You're nothing more than a egotist who flaunts his power like it's something to be amazed at. Seriously, if you're so confident in yourself then you don't even need to be empowered."

The magic which Kale was emanating was not something to be trifled with and Lilly knew this.

"This could be my last fight but I don't care. I'll keep him busy while Kara runs away." Lilly thought.

She'd rather keep him talking than get into a fight.

"You look like you've had a fair share of conflicts. I can tell from your magical aura. You're not really hiding it that well." Lilly told Kale. She allowed her aura to be identified now as a slight means of a peace gesture. "As you can tell, I'm still a greenhorn to the battlefield. I've got into a few scrapes and my overall success record is good but I'm no pro."

"You truly believe I care about what you have to say to me?" Kale asked. He started to walk over to her but stopped a few feet away from her. "Your one to talk I know all about how your mother does the very same thing" Kale added. He reached down and then grabbed Kara by the neck before tossing her over to Lilly.

Kara landed on the ground with a tiny bounce and looked at Lilly with tear filled eyes. "That is of no business of yours" Kale said, He fired off a simple but rather powerful blast of wind at Lilly. Before the wind engulfed his body and her vanished from sight.

"I no longer have a home" Kara said to herself.

Lilly couldn't protest against Kale's statement. Her mother really did flaunt her power around and, while she has never physically abused her children to the extent Kale has, she has neglected them quite a lot and caused some rather fatal situations for them. Lost in her mind, she didn't see the bolt of wind magic coming at her. It hit her square in the chest and she flew back a good twenty feet before landing winded on the floor.

Once the initial shock of the wind impact had worn off, it turned out to be nothing more than a deterrent. Kale himself had disappeared. Picking herself up off the floor and panting for breath, Lilly went over to Kara.

"That kind of makes two of us. I wouldn't call that prison my home." Lilly told Kara. "Mother's not one for taking in strays off the street, which is what she'll class you as, but I'm sure you can bed down at mine if you want. We'll just have to keep you under wraps."

Kara got to her feet and looked over at Lilly. "Could I just for tonight?" Kara asked. She walked down the hall towards the main entrance off the school. She really didn't know what she was going to do now.

She was homeless and had no where else to turn to. She might be able to stay with Lilly just for tonight but what about the next. "What will the twins think?" Kara asked herself. As she waited for Lilly by the main doors.

"Tonight, tomorrow night, the whole week, the entire month, however long you want." Lilly answered. "I'm not about to leave a friend in need alone."

Lilly was actually quite happy that Kara could technically live with her but she wasn't happy that it wasn't by her own incentive. She hoped that Kara would be alright with everything now. She didn't want to face Kale.

"I think they'll love it." Lilly replied. "Haley's a bit sick at the moment. It's nothing major, just an upset stomach. The nurse told me that it wasn't contagious. Maybe you staying would help cheer her up? She's been a little down since the revelation."

The pair walked outside of the school and headed down the street to Lilly's house. "I don't want to be a burden or anything" Kara answered at first. "Thank you" She added.

She felt happy as by having more means of being able to spend time with Lilly and her sisters again. Maybe this time she could finally feel the love and affection that she had been wanting to feel for a long time now.

"I hope it wasn't something I caused?" Kara asked as she remembered back to her and Haley. Being naked on the floor together after around twenty minutes of walking they had finally reached Lilly's home.

"The nurse said it was probably something she ate." Lilly informed Kara. "What would her eating anything wrong have to do with you?"

Lilly used the scanner to open the front doors of her home. A slight clicking noise was hear before Lilly pushed the door open. The house was strangely quite. Lilly lead Kara in and up the stairs to the twins' bedroom. She knocked on the door and Holly opened it. The look of sheer shock and amazement was clear when she saw Kara.

"Kara?!" Holly gasped. "What're you doing here? I thought you weren't meant to see us. Not that I don't like it, mind. It's just a little strange that's all."

"Kara's here." Haley mumbled sleepily from the bed inside. "What'reyoutalkingabout?" She tried to sit up but regretted it when her head started to spin a little.

"You shouldn't be sitting up so quickly." Holly told her sister. "You'll make yourself sick again." Holly turned back to Kara. "Want to come in and see her?"

"N-nothing" Kara quickly answered to Lilly's question. She followed Lilly inside of her house then up the steps to the twins bedroom. Lilly opened the door and she was greeted by Holly. "I needed a place to stay my father as kicked me out of my home and I have no where else to go" Kara answered.

"Yes I'd like that" Kara spoke she walked inside of the room. Once Holly had moved out of the way. She saw that Haley was laying on her bed and rushed over to her. "I can make you feel better" Kara spoke. She placed both her arms forward and a soft yet gentle wind blew upon Haley as a small bit of healing magic flowed onto her.

"My father wanted me to destroy your mother's company as a means to put her out of business. But I refused to do so" Kara says she leaned down and kissed Haley on the forehead. Part of her hoped that this would some how make Lilly feel jealous as a means to get back at her for what happened in the infirmary.

"That's horrible!" Holly gasped back to Kara's revelation. "You're free to stay with us for as long as you like."

The wind caressed Haley and she felt her pain disappear. Se managed to sit up and give Kara a hug.

"Thanks." Haley smiled to Kara. She then felt a kiss on her forehead.

"Destroy one and another would pop up. My Mother's got branches everywhere in the country and some in foreign countries." Lilly shrugged to Kara. "It's good that you didn't, though, as that'll harm whatever meager inheritance I'm getting along with the girls."

"Money's of no importance. Think of the employees." Holly mildly scolded her sister.

"I guess so. That won't be good if they're harmed in the process."

"Thank you" Kara said to Holly as she remained by Haley's side she had sat down on the bed next to her. "I'll need a place to sleep for tonight but doesn't this effect a larger picture what happens if your Mother finds out I'm here?" Kara asked.

Kara thought this over for sometime. "I think my Father is planning on something major I remember hearing about he had originally wanted to kill your Mother before you guys had arrived at dinner the other night" Kara explained.

As she looked over at both Holly and Lilly she felt a small bit of happiness forming in her heart.

"She won't. Simple as that." Lilly told Kara with a smile. "Holly can take care of hiding your presence so you can only be seen by us. It's nothing major. As for a place to sleep, there's the guest room if you want but I'd rather you sleep in either my room or the twins' room. If the guest room looks lived in then the maids might get suspicious."

Lilly, in truth, really wanted Kara to sleep with either of them as then she'd be watched over. She must have hated to be so alone all this time so a little bit of company might do her the world of good. Kara probably needs support right now.

"So that's what that strange zone was for then." Lilly concluded. "He must have also sent that Water Witch to kill her as well!"

Kara blushed as she heard where she could be offered to sleep. She blushed deeper at the thought of sleeping in Lilly's room. As maybe they could get closer but with everything that had gone on earlier in the infirmary Lilly was sure to know that Kara lusted after her. "I'll sleep in the twins room tonight then yours tomorrow ok?" Kara asked.

"I had felt her magical helix leaving my house just moments earlier" She replied. She looked over at Holly and wondered how she felt about tonight this would let her get to know Holly even better than before. Part of her knew that Haley would love the idea.

"Fine by me." Lilly replied. "Room alternation would also help to hide you better."

"I-if Lilly says it's a good idea then I'll go with it." Holly added in with a blush. "We'll take good care of you."

"Kara's sleeping in my bed!" Haley declared. "I called dibs on it!"

"I think we should move the guest bed in here." Lilly answered quickly. "It's improper for a girl her age to sleep with someone else."

In actual fact, Lilly didn't want Kara to sleep in the same bed with anyone but her. She was unaware of these thoughts at the moment but she felt sure that was the right thing to do.

"I knew Yukina was a traitor! Yvraine's probably sided with her as well!" Lilly stated. She then remembered, at the thought of Yukina's water magic, her own need for letting out water. "I'll be right back. I've just gotta use the girl's room."

Lilly then started to head out of the twins' room and towards the left wing's toilet, which was a short walk away from the twins' room.

"That would work out for the best" Kara replied. She saw as Holly blushed but she blushed as well. "I hope that you will" Kara replied again. She blushed most at hearing Haley calling dibs on her.

"I agree with Lilly on that matter, I hate to ask this but can I barrow some sleep wear and a extra pair of clothes and panties?" Kara asked. At some point she'd need to return home and gather some of her clothes to bring them here.

"We don't know that about Yvraine at all from what I saw she seemed nice enough to me" Kara says. She saw as Lilly left the room to go pee.

"Anyone want to help me change?" Kara asked out of the blue.

After Lilly had finished in the toilet, she went about the usual routine and returned to the twins' room.

"As for clothes, I've got a whole walk in wardrobe full of them. Some things might not be your size in certain areas but they'll do for now." Lilly answered Kara's question when she returned from the toilet. "Still, we can't let out guard down around her."

Kara's next question evoked a strong response of two blushes and a mischievous grin.

"Y-you're old enough to do that yourself." Lilly stammered back.

"Eh? Ah? Erm, uh ... EHHHHHHHH?!" Holly answered. She couldn't form any words at the moment.

"Sure!" Haley quickly replied.

"NO!" Lilly shot back.

"Awww...."

"Can I have a look at what you have to offer?" Kara replied. As she saw the blushes on Lilly and Holly's faces.

"I know but still wouldn't you like to help?" Kara asked. She really hoped that Lilly would agree to this as this would be like what she saw her doing in the infirmary with Haley before she had left the room.

"Why not Haley would be a great help" Kara answered back. She looked over at Haley and winked towards her.

"You can look at my clothes if you want but I'm not helping you put them on." Lilly answered. "It's indecent."

"Kara says I'll be a great help so why not?" Haley asked Lilly.

"Because she's old enough to get herself dressed and you're too young to help." Lilly curtly replied.

Dressing assistance aside, Lilly started to head out of the room.

"I'll show you to the wardrobe." Lilly told Kara. "It's just down the hallway and opposite my room."

Sighing in defeat Kara got up off of Haley's bed. "Okay then lead the way" Kara replied. She followed Lilly out of the room but before leaving she turned back to Haley.

"Maybe we can have fun in a different way" She said.

She then fully walked out of the room.

"It's just down here." Lilly told Kara as she took a left turning down the landing and across to her room, which was just outside the east wing. She opened the door opposite her bedroom and lead Kara in to her walk-in wardrobe.

"It's not much but there's a few outfits in here. Pick whichever you like." Lilly said as she blushed. She hoped Kara wouldn't raid her panty drawer, which was near the dressing room at the back.

Kara followed along in silence as Lilly led her to her walk-in wardrobe. Soon they reached it and Lilly opened the door she walked in and stared in amazement at all the different kinds of outfits that Lilly owned.

"Reminds me of my own" Kara said.

She started looking through the clothes.

"There's everything in here. Street Clothes, formal wear, party wear, swimwear, you name it." Lilly replied, feeling a little proud of her collection. She then noticed just what she said. She told Kara about her swimwear. She blushed bright red and corrected her statement. "Ignore the swimwear. We're not going swimming any time soon."

In truth, Lilly was embarrassed about her 'swimming body'. She had nothing to show and not really anything to hide either. She just hoped Kara wouldn't look for them.

"I'm just looking for some night clothes and maybe street clothes do you recamend anything?" Kara asked. As she really wasn't sure which of all these outfits would be really good on her. As she was searching she spotted the swimwear that Lilly had mentioned. She took a moment to look at the different ones Lilly owned.

"At some point we might I don't know when" Kara says. She looks over at a blushing Lilly "what about panties anything I may like?" Kara asked. She was enjoying seeing Lilly like this.

"I'm not picky about what I wear as long as it's cute. I've got shorts, t-shirts, sleeveless tops, blouses, jumpers, jackets, dresses, the list goes on. If you're looking for dresses then they're over there." Lilly answered as she indicated a clothes rack. This clothes rack was quite close to her swimwear but she trusted Kara enough to not raid it.

Lilly's swimwear rack had a lot of different patterned one-piece swimsuits on. They all looked child sized. The variety of patterns were ranging from floral to seascapes. By the side of the swimwear rested a deflated floaty. Inside some of the swimsuits, a few two-piece ones were hidden. These two piece ones were also child sized and had no room for any form of bust to fit in. One of them had a cute kitten image on the front of the bottoms and another kitten on the top half as well. There were sure to be more hidden around somewhere but would Kara look for them?

"Not any time soon." Lilly shortly replied. "D-don't ask about panties, please." Lilly stammered back with a blush. "I-I've got a couple but..but..."

Kara listened to what Lilly had said. As she started to search through the section of various blouses that Lilly owned. She soon came upon a nice pink and white silk blouse. She took it and placed it over her arm. She then went to searching through the dress section which was near the swimwear. She spotted a nice black pleated short skirt which she picked up and also placed over her arm.

She had finally spotted the swimwear and for a tiny bit searched among them. She saw the various ones but as she was looking she spotted a small two-piece was a cute kitten image upon it and tried to picture Lilly wearing it. She blushed at the thought then turned around and saw a blushing Lilly again.

"Why not I'm sure you have some that would look great on me plus I don't know where they are?" Kara asked. She hoped Lilly would tell her about them as she shifted around a bit in excitement.

"P-p-panties are private wear. I'll pick them out." Lilly answered with a bright red face. She went towards the back of the walk in wardrobe and searched through her underwear drawer. She looked through the various panties she owned and couldn't help but picture how Kara would look in them. Her hand came across something quite thin and lacy. She pulled it out and saw a lace thong. Her blush intensified and she quickly hid this right at the back of the drawer.

"When did I get that?! WHY did I get that?!" Lilly thought to herself. She finally came across an acceptable, albeit a little childish, pair of panties. They had a panda on the back of them and were cream in colour. She went over to Kara and put them in her hand.

"All I could find." Lilly told Kara with a huge blush. "The others were either too small or too..."

Kara watched as Lilly went about her business of looking through her panties drawer for something. She could wear she saw Lilly holding something for a moment but couldn't make out what it was. Lilly then came back with a pair of panties with a panda on them. "Um thank you" Kara said.

Seeing as they were alone Kara started to undress right there before Lilly. She was doing it slowly as she tok out off her school outfit then started to takes off her panties. Leaving herself naked in front of Lilly. She placed then clothes she had picked out on a small chair and went. About stepping in the small pair of panties she had been given. While stepping into them Kara flashed her peach very briefly to Lilly.

Lilly let out a startled yelp when she saw Kara undress in front of her. She turned her back and had a huge blush on her face.

"Ch-ch-ch-Changing room!" Lilly stammered out. "O-over there. Not here."

Lilly indicated the small dressing room at the back of the wardrobe. She couldn't believe how brave Kara was to undress in front of her so easily like it was nothing at all. Lilly hadn't the courage to do that even in front of her sisters let alone a friend.

Kara gathered her other clothes and went into the changing room. Which Lilly had pointed out she finished changing into her new clothes for the evening. Then picked up her school outfit "we were both girls nothing was wrong with that" Kara said,

She left Lilly alone and headed back to the twins room.

"We may both be girls but it's still embarrassing." Lilly answered with a huge blush.

After Kara had left, Lilly went back to the twins' room as well. She wanted to check on Haley again.

"Your boobies are showing." Haley told Kara as a joke. Lilly's clothes did look a little small on her after all.

Kara had arrived first into their room and went over and sat beside Haley again. She blushed at what Haley had said. "I'm sure you want to see them" Kara teased she patted Haley on the head then looked at Holly.

"What can we do for fun?" Kara asked.

Soon Lilly appeared again.

"Seen 'em." Haley answered with a smile. She then quickly started to grope them. "Groped 'em."

Holly, seeing all of this, knew her answer to Kara's question.

"Not touch each other inappropriately might be a good start." Holly told Haley before noticing Lilly's arrival. "Haley's at it again. She must be feeling better."

"S-Stop that! Kara's our guest!" Lilly scolded Haley.

Kara blushed further as she felt Haley's hands grope her breasts. She reached up and took Haley's hands away from her breasts. "Some other time" Kara told her.

She wondered just how this was doing for Lilly was she wishing she could do that instead or was. She hating the fact that Haley was having fun.

"You don't moan like that when I do it to you. You moan quite differently." Haley teased. "Wanna do it as well?"

"Stop it!" Lilly answered with a blush.

"You dropped yourself in this one." Holly sighed.

In truth, Lilly wanted to do that to Haley but Haley had nothing to do it to. She really wanted to do it to Kara as well but she knew it'd seem weird. Her personal likes was more towards doing it to Haley as a means of punishment for embarrassing her.

She could see the look in Lilly's eye and knew she wanted to give in and do this to her. Yet again she felt the jealous bug hit her when Haley teased Lilly.

She moved away from Haley and went over to Holly. "Let's leave them alone" She said. She walked over to Lilly and gently pushed her towards Haley.

"Have fun" Kara said in a sad tone then left the room and waited for Holly.

"I'm not about to do anything to Haley. It'll only provoke her further." Lilly told Kara when she was pushed towards Haley.

"Boo." Haley pouted. "I know you want to. Kara's also waiting for it to be done to her."

"D-don't say things like that!"

"As usual, petty squabbles." Holly sighed. She then turned to Kara. "Haley's always like this. Don't take it too personally."

After a little staring competition between Lilly and Haley, Haley finally gave in and decided on something else to do.

"I'm kinda hungry. Shall we get some food?" Haley asked. "I've also gotta pee so can I get out of bed?"

"You seem better so I think you can." Holly answered. "Personal need first, food later."

"Kara, wanna come along?" Haley asked Kara.

Kara said nothing back to Lilly from what she had heard Haley speak. As she had come back into the bedroom again.

"Some other time" Kara replied again.

She looked over at Holly. "I'm not a fan of how that turned out it sounds just like before" She spoke.

It seemed that Haley wanted some food but first needed to go pee Kara herself also needed to pee. As she shifted around from foot to foot "Um, sure" Kara answered with a blush on her face.

"The bathroom in the left wing should be big enough for two people." Lilly told the pair. "It's got two separate toilets in as it's normally the one Holly and Haley use and you know what they're like."

Lilly headed to the door and Haley got out of bed to follow.

"I'll lead you to it." Lilly said to Kara. "Unless you'd rather have Haley and you go alone."

It was true she did know how they were like as she listened to Lilly explain where the bathrooms were. "Are there others than just that one?" Kara asked.

She followed to the door.

She heard again what Lilly spoke of as she did a small pee dance. Either go with Lilly or go with Haley? "I'll go with Haley alone" Kara spoke. She wanted to go with Lilly but if she tried anything like before Lilly wouldn't want any part of it.

"There's quite a few bathrooms in this house. It is three floors after all and that's not including the basement levels." Lilly explained. "There's around three toilets and one huge bathroom on the ground floor. There's two bathrooms and one shower room on this floor and there's around another two toilets upstairs. In the basement, we haven't really got what you'd call a toilet but we do have a means of relief for when we're stocking the wine cellars and sorting out the basement storage."

"If you say so. Haley'll lead the way. She frequents it quite often after all." Lilly answered. This'll hopefully be some form of revenge against Haley.

"Yeah, I do go quite a lot." Haley answered simply, picking up on Lilly's attempt at embarrassing her. "Come with me."

Haley left the room and headed through a pair of double doors on her right. The doors lead into a long corridor which turned off a little to the right at the end of it. She went down the hallway and opened the first door on her left. This door lead into quite a large bathroom with two toilets at the back, a large shower cubicle, a medium sized bath and two sinks.

"Here we are." Haley told Kara as she went towards one of the toilets. The toilets were separated by a small divider but that was about it. She pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet. A few moments later, a quiet trickling could be heard. Haley had no shame of letting it all out in front of another person. She'd been doing it since she was really young so it was kind of normal for her.

Kara listened to Lilly as she explained where the bathrooms all were. She took this all in and then left the room with Haley.

"There's nothing wrong with that" Kara answered. As she followed behind Haley Who went into the bathroom she went inside and looked around then walked over and took the empty toilet next to Haley's though a divider seperated them.

She pulled down her own panties and sent her own stream into the toilet. She blushed as she heard Haley's pee splashing against the water.

"I know what happened earlier in the infirmary between you and Lilly though I only saw a little bit. Before I left the room I wish Lilly would do that stuff with me" Kara said.

"Lilly's always pampered Holly and I like we're the only two people in the world." Haley answered. "All she's ever had to take care of was us. Mother never really paid us that much attention so Lilly took on most of the Motherly duties like teaching us how to walk and helping us get toilet trained. I think it's just her maternal instinct."

Haley thought about continuing the story but she wasn't quite sure how Kara would take it.

"Want to know a little more? The real reason why Lilly's so defensive of us?" Haley asked quietly.

Kara was still peeing away as she listened to what Haley had to say. "Maybe yet form what I've seen she takes it to far" Kara said as she also remembered what she had seen Lilly do in the shower the other night.

"Now why is that?" Kara asked.

"She does go a little overboard but she doesn't know any better." Haley replied. "Her Father took care of her most of the time but, as you know, he's no longer around. Mother re-married and then had Holly and I."

Kara seemed to want to know more about Lilly and the twins.

"If you wanna know then..." Haley started.

"When Lilly was around six years old and Holly and I were three, we went to our holiday home near the sea. Lilly's Father brought that home and took Lilly there every year until he passed away. Lilly loved that home. She would always beg Mother to take us but Mother wouldn't listen. In the end, Father agreed and said that it sounded like a good idea. Mother was none too happy at that point in time but she still took us along.

"It was during the summer holidays when we went. I don't remember much of the journey as I think I slept through it. Lilly told me I fell asleep with my head on her lap and Holly fell asleep as well but had her head on Lilly's shoulder. Once we arrived, Lilly gently woke us both up and took us in to the house to show us around. The house was a little bit smaller than this. Lilly said it was a refurbished mansion but I don't remember much about it to be honest. All I remember is that it was very big and very old.

"The Holiday seemed to go along quite well but something was bound to ruin it."

Haley took a short breather.

"Are you sure you want to hear the rest?" She asked Kara. "I don't think you'll ever look at Lilly or us the same way again."

Kara listened as Haley told her tale she wasn't really sure just what it was about. Seemed they had a nice life when their Father was still around though their Mother was still a bitch to them she thought nothing of it yet when Haley mentioned something was bound to ruin it. Kara thought nothing of it.

"Why not who says I will think of you any differently?" Kara asked.

"It's just a feeling." Haley replied.

"One day, when we wanted to go for a bit of hiking in the nearby mountains, Mother declined. Father was all for it but he couldn't just leave Mother alone in the house. To be honest, Lilly didn't really trust her Mother that much. She was worried that she'd ruin the house and come up with some way to sell it on. That house meant a lot to Lilly. It was kind of like a sort of inheritance left to her by her Father. As Holly and I were just three years old, we wanted to go and we wouldn't stop pestering until we were allowed to. Mother got tired of this and ordered Lilly to go with us. Lilly tried to fight her case by saying that she was too young to be left alone but Mother wouldn't listen.

"To keep us quiet, Lilly took us into the mountains. Bad idea."

Haley wondered just what Kara would think of the next bit.

"Anyway, in the mountains, the worst thing happened. I still feel bad for it even now. I dragged Holly into my stupid decision and caused Lilly to suffer as well. Mountain trails are kind of thin and unstable so they're no place to run around and play. But, as I was only three, I didn't know this. I pestered Holly to play with me despite Lilly's instructions to not cause any vibrations in the mountains. Holly, being the nice girl that she is, kept saying no and telling me how dangerous it was. I didn't listen and I regret it.

"When we reached the peak, I started to run around and drag Holly along with me. Lilly kept telling us not to but I didn't listen. Holly was also telling me to stop. I tripped over near the edge of the cliff and fell to the floor quite hard. Lilly ran over to us to check if we were okay but as soon as she reached us, the cliff crumbled and we fell into the forest below.

"I don't know what happened now because I was unconscious. Holly was also out cold as well. It was a miracle we're here today. The next half is what Lilly told us happened.

"Lilly ran down the mountain to try and get to us. She was crying her eyes out and wishing that her Father was there to help her but he wasn't. She kept running and running. She didn't care how badly her body hurt of how much she was pushing herself. She just wanted to save us. When Lilly arrived, we were trapped under the rubble from the landslide. Lilly tried to dig us our but she wasn't strong enough to. She was really crying now and calling out to us to ask us if we were okay and how much she wanted us to answer her. Lilly kept digging despite her lack of strength. In the end, she just fell to the ground crying.

"Lilly then saw a red glow coming from a broken tree. She went over to it in hopes of finding something to use to save us when she saw what looked like a ferret made of fire."

Haley wiped herself down and flushed the toilet behind her. She then went over to the sink to wash her hands.

"I'm sorry, that's all I know. Lilly never told us any more. You should ask her for the rest yourself. I'll ask with you. Holly and I should be old enough now to know the truth."

Kara listened as Haley told her tale again and she lsitened to what was said. Seemed something had happened to them up there seemed like Haley had fallen over the edge of a cliff the same seemed to have happened to Holly as well. Though Lilly tried to save them though she wasn't able to yet she seemed to see something made of fire.

She finished up and wiped herself down.

"I get the picture already I don't need to know anymore" Kara answered, She had the feeling this was some how related to how Lilly got her powers. She walked back to the twins room when Haley was finished.

"You sure?" Haley asked.

Haley went back with Kara to her room.

"Finished?" Lilly asked the pair. "If you have we've got food to eat."

Lilly set off down the stairs with the group in tow.

"No need to worry. The Maid's are sworn to secrecy when it comes to matters to do with me. They won't question why you're here." Lilly told Kara.

Lilly noticed the look on Haley's face. She must have told Kara something quite personal to be that down. She just hoped that Haley hadn't gone into too much detail.

Kara thought about this for a time she did still want to know about their history but. She wasn't quite sure if she should really know it as well. "I don't know" Kara answered once they got back to the room.

"I'm not really hungry right now can I remain here?" Kara asked.

She was hungry that was true but after learning what she did it felt kind of strange. She needed time to think.

"You sure about that?" Lilly asked Kara.

Without wanting to press the matter further, Lilly went off with her sisters to the dining room. Lilly couldn't help but think something strange was going on with Kara. She seemed kind of reserved at the moment and unwilling to talk about anything.

"What did you tell her?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Nothing much." Haley half lied.

"Yeah, I fine" Kara answered.

She watched Lilly and her sisters leave her alone in the twins room. She didn't know what to think at the moment since. She had heard something rather personal about Lilly and her sisters.

She went over and sat down on what appeared to be Holly's bed.

"What did you tell her?" Lilly asked again. She didn't trust Haley's rapid answer.

"Only about our holiday home." Haley admitted.

"What else?"

"The mountain."

"And?"

"The fire ferret."

The last part made Lilly slightly angry.

"Why did you tell her about them?" She asked Haley with slight anger in her voice.

"Because she wanted to know. I only told her that there was a fire ferret but not what it did."

"Did you tell her any more?"

"No."

Lilly wasn't sure if she could trust Haley's answer but something about it made it seem like she was telling the truth. She didn't want Kara knowing about her own foolishness in regards to her half-sisters.

Kara sat upon the bed then laid down. She was still trying to think of what had fully happened up on the mountain. At some point she'd have to ask Lilly for the truth of the matter. Since she didn't really have anything to do at the moment she decided to take a nap.

She closed her eyes and drifted off into a light sleep.

The snack went on quietly. No one talked to each other. Each person was lost in their own thoughts and poor Holly was left in the middle of it all. The pressure of the tense atmosphere didn't really help her that much. Throughout the meal, Holly was starting to feel the need to use the toilet but she tried to hide her signs. She didn't want to think what might happen if she left Haley and Lilly alone in their current moods.

Five minutes later the need just got too intense. Holly didn't want to risk an accident so she excused herself and quickly went into the downstairs toilet.

"Kara's going to want to know now." Lilly told Haley when Holly had left.

"She said she wasn't interested." Haley answered quietly.

"Don't take that at face value. She could just be trying to be courteous."

"But-"

"Quiet. No more."

Holly returned from the toilet a little while later. They group finished their food and headed up back to the twins' room. They found Kara asleep on a bed.

"Kara's on my bed?" Haley asked. It was true, Kara was asleep on Haley's bed.

Lilly went over to Kara and gently shook her awake.

Kara dreamt of the past she pictured Lilly and the twins in her mind. Much like before where each girl had told her that she wouldn't be alone anymore.

"Can I be with you always?" Kara said in her sleep. As everyone returned into the room.

"We all love you and your welcome to be with us always you'll be our new sister" Everyone said in Kara's dream.

"That means so much to me" Kara said aloud.

She was then gently shaken awake. She opened her eyes and saw Lilly standing next to her.

Kara's dream mumblings went unnoticed by the group as they weren't really paying that much attention and the general sound of their movements drowned out the sound of Kara's mumblings.

"Wake up, sleepy head." Lilly smiled at Kara. "We've got a bed to move and I'm going to need your magic to do it."

Lilly hoped Kara wouldn't ask about what happened with the fire ferret, Lily's contracted source of magic.

Kara saw Lilly's smile and fully woke up again. "Okay show me where it is" Kara said she got up off of Haley's bed.

She followed Lilly out of the room to the guest room.

"It's right here." Lilly told Kara as she indicated a king sized bed in the middle of an elaborately decorated room. "It's kinda big as you can tell. I was hoping you could somehow shrink it or make it lighter so we can move it easier."

"I don't think we could shrink it." Holly said with a shake of her head. "I could possibly teleport it if need be but it'll take some preparation time. I've never teleported inanimate objects before."

Kara saw the rather large bed but sadly she shook her head. "I can lift things but I can't shrink them sorry" Kara said. She then listened to what Holly had said about teleporting the bed, "Consider this your first lesson then from Lilly in magic" Kara said.

"Haley seems we better follow suit" Kara told her.

"Teleportation is quite simple if you know the area you're taking it to." Lilly explained to Holly. "All you've got to do is have an accurate picture of where you want to go in your mind and take along the bed with you. I'd suggest you sit on it and hold on to a banister so you've got a physical link to the object you're moving and then just picture yourself moving to that area."

"Sounds easy the way you say it." Holly answered. She went about Lilly's instruction and sat on the bed. She then held a banister and pictured the large empty space in her room. She tapped into her magic and then, in the blink of an eye, she was gone.

"She's got the gist of it." Lilly concluded. "Shall we check the results?"

"Sure" Kara said as she walked back to the twins room. Once they got back inside they saw Holly sitting on the bed. Is was now located in the very middle of the room between both the twins beds. She then went over and sat on it.

'You did a good job" Kara said.

She still needed to give Haley a lesson but wasn't sure where to begin

"Dizzy..." Holly mumbled when Kara congratulated her. She then felt something rise in her stomach. "Bucket. Quick!"

Haley quickly ran in, grabbed the bucket and passed it to Holly, who had now jumped off the bed. Holly's travel sickness got the better of her.

"Remind me never to hold only one side of the bed." Holly quietly said after her sickness had faded. "Spinning..."

"Teleporting's still a little hard for her it seems." Lilly stated with an embarrassed smile.

Kara moved away from Holly and she did her thing in the bucket. Then went back and sat down on the bed again.

"Maybe she needs someone to train her how to do it better?" Kara asked.

She laid down on the bed.

"It's not the power that's the problem." Lilly answered.

"It's me. I've never been good with travelling by any method except walking." Holly added on.

Lilly looked at her watch. It was coming up to five o'clock. She knew her Mother would be home by around six and dinner would be at seven.

"We've got an hour until Mother gets here. Want a tour of the house?" Lilly asked Kara.

"Give me a minute for the world to stop spinning." Holly mumbled as she staggered out of the bedroom and down towards the west wing's bathroom.

"Weak stomach, weak bladder, weak body." Haley quietly said to herself. "It's always been that for her since then."

Kara heard what was said "sure I haven't really seen it all" Kara answered. When Holly wanted to go to the bathroom Kara wanted to go with her. A look of longing was in her eyes as she really wanted to watch Holly go pee.

A small sad look could be seen on her face for a few moments.

"So, what else happened that day on the mountain?" Kara asked out of the blue.

Lilly froze in her tracks when Kara asked about that day.

"A lot." Lilly answered. "But that's of no consequence at the moment."

Lilly didn't want Kara to know about her stupidity but she also didn't want Kara to be left in the dark about it either. Kara's already told her a lot about herself so could she do the same to her?

"If you really wanna know, promise me something." Lilly added on. "Promise me you wouldn't hate me or the girls."

Holly returned looking a little bit better.

"Did I walk in on something important?" She asked when she saw the dark look on Lilly's face.

Kara saw the dark look that came upon Lilly's face. "Why do you think I'm going to hate you or them?" Kara asked in a confused tone.

Seemed that Holly had returned to the room.

"I'm guessing you did" Kara answered before anyone else could reply.

"Holly needs to be here as well." Lilly stated as she turned back into the room. She went over to the guest bed and sat down on it. "I made some really stupid choices back then and I've accepted something I know I will regret. I'm bound to the contract now."

"Where did Haley leave off?" Lilly asked.

"Just as you found the fire ferret." Haley answered.

"Okay..."

"I had no idea what the ferret was back then. I didn't even know if it could help me or not. It appeared to be asleep in the broken tree. It looked like every other ferret you might see except it was made of white fire and it had a ruby embedded in it's forehead. I picked it up and tried to wake it up. I don't know why. I guess I was still in shock over what happened. The ferret woke up after a few pokes and looked at me.

"I knew it was no normal ferret and what it did next just clarified that further. It spoke to me. 'Their flame has been extinguished but it's not too late.' The ferret said to me. 'You can re-ignite it with my help.'

'How?' I asked it. 'How would I do that?'

'I can offer you power beyond your imaginings.' The ferret answered. 'But with this power comes a cost.'

'What cost? I'll do anything! Please! Let me save them! They're all I have.' I sobbed back to it.

'With the pact comes a price. Since I'm a fair spirit, I'll tell you the cost.'

"I wasn't surprised at my own stupidity back then but now..." Lilly continued.

"Here comes the bad bit.

'The cost is that you shall never procreate.' The ferret answered. I didn't know what that meant so I agreed to it.

'I don't care! Let me help them. I don't want my sisters to die. They're only babies still!' I answered.

'A clause of the contact also dictates that you owe me one favour. Any favour I wish and I can act upon it when I want.'

'Let me save them!'

'Hold me to your chest and take a deep breath.'

"I did as the ferret asked and I felt a warm fire wash over me. I now knew the ferret's name and just what it was."

Lilly readied herself for what she was about to do next. This part was the hardest of her past.

"How can you regert what you did?" Kara asked it not knowing the full truth of the matter as she. Then listened to Lilly tell the rest of her tale.

"You mean to tell me they nearly passed away?" Kara asked as she looked over at Haley and Holly.

She then listened to mroe of the tale and was confused of what sort of favour the ferret would want in return. This didn't sound like her own contract she had made in the past. She couldn't really remember it that well to begin with.

"What was it he wanted?" Kara asked.

"Actually, we did die." Haley answered. "Lilly revived us with her powers. It was a one time thing, though."

Lilly continued her story.

"The ferret was a fire demon called Chanki. He'd taken the form of a ferret to disguise his presence. He'd already escaped from his imprisonment in the ninth circle and he was being hunted."

Lilly took a deep breath and exhaled. The ferret appeared on her lap.

"This is Chanki." Lilly told Kara as she stroked the ferret.

"Any reason why you summoned me?" Chanki asked.

"Just showing you to a friend."

"Can she be trusted?"

"I suppose so."

After Chanki had climbed onto Lilly shoulder and wrapped his body around her neck, Lilly went on.

"Chanki had bestowed upon me some great powers. Back then, I thought I'd made the right choice. I used the powers he gave me to move aside the rubble which crushed the girls. I then stared upon their small bodies. They were lifeless, like little dolls. I couldn't hold back the tears."

Lilly, even now, was starting to tear up just telling Kara all of this.

"Chanki told me that, this once, my tears would have the powers of a phoenix. I held each of their small broken bodies in my arms and just cried. My tears seemed to have the effect I wanted. Soon enough, a warm fire enveloped them and they started to breath again. I could feel the small rise and falls of their little chests. Broken bones mended like they'd never been broken and all their wounds healed up. I didn't know it was only a partial cure back then.

"Once they were alive again, I wouldn't let them go. I didn't want to. I kept hold of them and hugged them tight. I didn't want to lose them again."

Lilly took another deep breath to hold back her tears.

"That's what happened." Lilly finished.

"The powers I gave her only allowed the girls to come back to life. It repaired their broken bodies as much as it could. But no resurrection is perfect." Chanki added. "Their bodies are now weak as a result."

Kara listened to the rest of what the story was. "I didn't know that" Kara said at first. As Lilly went on to tell the tale more.

She then saw as the ferret was summoned to the room. She then saw as Lilly started to cry as she wernt on. "What do you mean weak?" Kara asked as she wasn't really sure how to make of everything that was fully said.

She felt sorry for Lilly and the girl's she went over and gave Lilly a big hug. "Seems we have both been through quite a lot" Kara mentioned.

She let go over Lilly and sat back on the bed.

"Their broken bodies were practically pulverised by the landslide." Chanki explained. "Defying death can only happen to a certain extent. The definition of weak you are searching for is that their bodies are a lot more susceptible to illness and they'll never be as strong as they were."

Chanki could sense a presence coming from Kara.

"Who is your bound?" He asked her. "Can you summon them?"

"Oh, you mean who I'm bound to?" Kara asked. "I'm bound to Beltran" Kara answered at last. A small breeze began to blow around the room as a black raven appeared. He quickly flew around the room before sitting on Kara's arm.

"Why have you summoned me?" Beltran asked.

"I want you to meet someone this is Chanki" Kara told him.

Beltran looked over at Chanki.

"Great I should have known it was you"

"I've been quite peckish for roasted raven." Chanki replied to Beltran's distaste.

"We're not here to cook each other." Lilly told her bound animal.

"Pity."

"So, you've got pets? Do we have pets as well?" Haley asked.

"I'm not too sure." Holly concluded. "I don't think we're bound to anyone, are we?"

"Actually, you are." Chanki told the pair. "You're bound to me as well through Lilly."

Beltran had known Chanki for quite a long time as they had met each other several times in the past. "I'd like some sliced ferret" Beltran said as he then flew around the room again. He then settled on Kara's arm again.

"So what now?" Kara asked.

"Ferret's not a recognised dish where I come from. Honeyed Raven's tongues are available by the bagful, though." Chanki back-talked Beltran.

"So, you're a family ferret?" Haley asked as excitement lit her up.

"You could say that I suppose." Chanki answered.

"We could take a bath. I still need to properly clean up after our little bout earlier when you'd gone a little crazy." Lilly suggested. "We can use the huge bath downstairs."

Beltran ignored Chanki.

Kara blushed when Lilly mentioned a bath. "That can work" Kara said slowly as she wanted to see Lilly and then twins naked again. She played with the hem of her skirt and looked down at the floor.

"I hope she can touch me in a good way" Kara thought.

"If you're going near water then I think I should take a different form, if you still wish me to be out, that is." Chanki told Lilly.

"I don't mind. It's up to you. I only summoned you for something to fuss to prevent me from breaking down when telling Kara everything." Lilly admitted.

"A child at heart. Pity you'll never know that." Chanki hid his taunt behind kind words. Lilly didn't seem to pick up on it. She took the last end of his statement as meaning she's a defiant childish person.

Chanki disappeared in a small flame which went back into Lilly.

"So we've got a ferret yet you never told us?" Haley asked Lilly.

"He's not a ferret. He's something much more important than one." Holly sighed.

"He is too a ferret." Haley pouted.

Lilly got up off the guest bed and went towards the door to the room. The twins followed behind.

"I'll show you where the bath is." Lilly told Kara before she left the room.

Beltran and vanished from the room as he wasn't a fan of water. She followed behind Lilly and the others. As they left the room and went towards the bath.

"Oh, after I'll need some night clothes" Kara asked.

She reached out with both hands towards Haley and Holly as a means to hold their hands.

The twins went along with Kara's hand holding and followed along behind Lilly.

"It's still a little early for bed but I can sort something out for you. I think I've got some spares." Lilly answered.

The group arrived outside a large set of ornate double doors in the middle of the arch created by the staircases. Lilly push open one of the doors and headed inside.

The bath foyer was a large changing room fir for a public swimming pool. It had no changing cubicles but it had toilets and showers inside. One wall was full of little indents where small baskets filled. Lilly went along to the baskets first and started to undress.

"You can take a quick shower before you get into the bath if you want. You can also use the toilet if you need to." Lilly informed Kara.

Hand in hand with both the twins Kara gave their hands gentle squeezes. As she was led by Lilly to a large set of ornate double doors. "You can show me them after our bath" Kara says. As Lilly pushed in the door then walked inside she followed her in.

Kara looked around at what the room had to offer. Then saw as Lilly started to undress she wanted to rush over and help her. But stopped herself she let go of the twins hands then went over to one of the baskets and started to undress.

"I'll take a shower first then" Kara told Lilly as she soon finished undressing. She took a long look at Lilly she felt herself getting wet between her legs. As she stepped out of her panties she saw a tiny wet spot had formed in the crotch.

Taking a towel she wrapped it around herself. She looked back at everyone and was tempted to ask if anyone wanted to join her for a shower as well but thought against it and walked into one of the showers sadly. She turned on the warm water and took off the towel before stepping inside.

The twins followed after Lilly when Kara let go of their hands. Haley quickly threw of her clothes and didn't bother to fold them up before putting them in an empty basket. Holly, on the other hand, took off her clothes slowly and folded them up neatly before putting them in a basket. Once the pair had finished undressing, they noticed the sad aura around Kara and nudged Lilly gently.

"Should we keep her company? I think this has been a huge change for her so she may need some support." Holly quietly asked Lilly.

Lilly looked up and noticed Kara's sad pace as well. She took off the rest of her clothes and folded them up before putting them in a basket.

"We should." Lilly answered.

The trio headed off after Kara towards the showers and went inside a little after her.

"If you want some company all you have to do is ask." Lilly told Kara. "We're practically living together now, you know."

Kara was alone in the shower when she then heard Lilly's voice coming from a few feet from her. Turning she saw Lilly and the twins standing naked before her shower. She blushed and tried not to look but was unable to. "I had thought you guys might have wanted to bathe first then shower" Kara stammered out.

She looks at their naked bodies again. But then looks away "do you want to shower with me or alone?" Kara asked.

"Bathe first, shower first. What does it matter? We'll still get wet and then get even more wet." Haley answered as she sat next to Kara under the neighbouring shower head.

"Showering before a bath is actually more healthy than showering after a bath. That way, we'll get off most of the dirt before we get into the bath." Holly stated.

"If we're going to be living together, we should get used to seeing each other naked." Lilly told Kara with a blush. She couldn't help but want to look away from Kara's naked body but she fought against it.

The other girls took neighbouring showers as well. Lilly sat next to Kara and Holly sat next to Haley.

"As Haley's already started to shower with you, I think we should all shower together. It'll help with the nervous apprehension." Lilly replied.

Both of the girls started the showers and began the pre-bath wash.

She looked over and saw that Haley was sitting under the shower head next to her. "That does hexplain more stuff" Kara said as she then heard Holly speak. "Okay" Kara added. She looked down at Haley then looked away.

"I'll have to get used to that" Kara explained. She took a quick look at Holly's naked body. Then looked at Lilly again. Who sat next to her she blushed further then felt a slight wetness running down her leg.

"O...Ok" Kara stammered out.

Lilly could feel the gaze from Kara and her embarrassment increased. She really wanted to cover herself up but she knew that'll do her no good. Kara was living with her now so she had to get used to it otherwise she'll never set foot out of her room unless she covered everything up.

"Think of her as a sister and it'll be less embarrassing." Lilly told herself in her mind. She tried to do just that but it had the opposite effect. She couldn't help but start to think of lewd and inappropriate things she'd read before regarding incestuous relationships with sisters but as Kara was not legitimately her sister, did it really have the same restrictions? All this embarrassment just made Lilly want to relieve herself. She shifted around a little on the stool under the shower. The running water wasn't helping either. She had a rather erotic thought in her head where she hid her urinating by aiming the shower head at her girlhood while she did it.

Still feeling rather embarrassed she looked again at Lilly. She saw as she shifted around a little and Kara took this in hoping it was what she thought it was. She started to soap her arms and legs she kept looking over at Lilly.

She then brought the shower-head between her own legs. As a means to hide the what was running down her legs. "Um, I um" Kara said as a clear blush was on her cheeks and the water against her crotch really wasn't helping she moaned softly.

"You um what?" Haley asked as she rubbed some shampoo into her hair.

"Continue." Holly quietly answered as she washed the soap off her chest with the shower head.

"What's wrong?" Lilly asked Kara.

Lilly had a rough idea what might be going on when she saw the shower head by Kara's flower. Her blush returned as she pictured what she had earlier imagined herself doing.

"Y-you don't need to worry about that. It'll all go down the drain anyway." Lilly quickly answered as she went back to washing herself down.

"I.. it's nothing" Kara quickly said as everyone asked her what was wrong. She then heard what Lilly had said and really blushed.

"It's not that at all" Kara answered softly. The shower water against her flower felt wonderful as she moved the shower head away from her crotch. She used some soap to wash between her legs and looked down at the floor.

She shifted around in her seat as this was really getting to her but in a good way.

"Nothing is ever just nothing." Haley replied. "Something on your mind?"

While Haley continued to wash her hair, she relaxed and a slight splattering sound was heard against the tiled flooring of the shower room. Holly looked over at Haley and just shook her head.

"What's the point of installing toilets if they're never used?" Holly sighed.

"For cosmetic value. Peeing can be done anywhere in a shower room as there's drains all over the floor." Haley shrugged back.

"Guess so but it's still a little off." Holly answered. She then felt a chain reaction in her own bladder. She wanted to get up and go but she didn't want to traipse soap all over the floor and make it slippery. She took a deep breath and pushed for her bladder to let go. She felt warmth down in her flower before a slight stream was made. It trickled against the floor and joined Haley's in going down the drain.

"You do it too, see?" Haley grinned to Holly.

Seeing her sisters let go so easily made it even harder for Lilly. She wanted to do the same but she didn't know what Kara would think. She weighed up the pros and cons of holding or letting go in her head and decided that, if her sisters can do it, why can't she as well? She copied what Holly did and soon felt the warmth escape her own urethra. Her face was now bright red.

Kara heard the splattering sound and looked at Haley who was peeing beside her. She then heard it come from Holly a minute later. She was blushing badly not really sure how to take this all in it was only after she heard Lilly join in did Kara moan softly some how her hand and made it's way down to her crotch and she was lightly rubbing her flower as she heard all three girl's pee around her.

She looked down and saw what she was doing and quickly pulled her hand away. "I.. it I" Kara said slowly out she shifted around more now really turned on.

"Even Lilly's doing it as well." Haley continued to defend her case.

"We get the idea. People pee where they can." Holly cut Haley off. She knew she'd gloat over it some more if she didn't.

"It's just so hard to hold it when there's running water everywhere." Lilly told Haley with a blush.

At the corner of her eye, while she was talking to Haley, Lilly noticed that Kara's hand was down near her flower. Lilly watched intently as Kara continued to pleasure herself over the girls' relief. Lilly quickly turned her head away when Kara stopped rubbing herself. Lilly quickly put the shower head in front of her treasure and washed away any residue left from her release.

"I-I'll be getting in the bath now." Lilly announced as she turned the shower off and stood up.

She was still quiet and blushing like crazy did one of the girl's see her do what she did? She listened as both Haley and Lilly and even Holly talk about peeing. The itch between her legs had just returned again stronger than before.

"I.. I" Kara stammered.

She quickly took the showerhead and washing the slimy juices from her treasure and between her legs.When she heard Lilly say she was going to get into the bath Kara quickly got up and left the room in a little hurry. A small wet spot of clear girl juices were in the spot where Kara had just been sitting.

"I.. I did that in front of them" Kara said to herself. She was confused she knew the girl's knew she got off on other girl's peeing but to pleasure herself in front of them that was new.

"Too embarrassed to admit their feelings." Holly sighed to herself with a shake of her head. She could feel that the two loved each other a lot and she'd even read a fantasy of Lilly's off of her when she had her guard down. She knew it was shockingly obvious that they had intimate feelings for one another so she didn't know why they didn't just admit it.

"Kara's confused. She doesn't know who to go for." Haley answered.

"Well, unless she's into younger girls, she should go for Lilly." Holly said with a shrug.

Lilly arrived at the huge swimming pool sized bath and quickly walked down the steps into the hot water. She found a nice spot to sit, by the bubble pool, and lowered herself into the water.

"I can't believe she'll do that in front of everybody." Lilly said to herself. "I wish I was that brave. I can't even pee in front of my sisters let alone rub myself in the company of a friend. Kara's really brave so why can't she tell me the truth about everything. Maybe if she told me she loved me to my face I'd be able to do it back."

Lilly shook her head as she blushed bright red.

"What am I saying?! Girls can't love girls. It's wrong! Still, I wish it wasn't then maybe I could say it."

Kara arrived at the huge wimming pool sized bath a few moments after Lilly. She saw her sitting alone and slowly walked into the pool letting the warm water. Touch her skin she sat away from Lilly for a time trying to come to terms with her thoughts and emotions. There was things about Lilly that she knew where a secert she knew about the dream. Though she didn't know Lilly had heard everything she had done in the infirmary earlier with Haley.

She took a small look over at Lilly.

She blushed at the thought of what she had just done and what she remembered. Tightening her fists she got up and slowly made her way to Lilly.

"Um, Lilly I have a confession to make" Kara said.

She was really blushing now her face was bright red as a tomato.

"I.. I.. l..love you" Kara admited.

Lilly was thinking about her latest conversation with herself and all that she had witnessed when she saw Kara enter the bath. Lilly blushed bright red and tried to hide in the bubbles created by the pump near her. Lilly continued to watch Kara until she came up to her. What she said knocked Lilly for six.

"EH?!" Lilly asked as she stood up. "W-w-w-wha?!"

Lilly's face was matching Kara's at the moment. She didn't know what to do.

"This is so sudden I- wait- I don't know- um- what?- ah, It's just-" Lilly stammered out.

She had just admited that she had loved Lilly. Yet from hearing Lilly's answer part of her felt her heart break she had thought that maybe Lilly had felt the same way fro her. As she did for her but it wasn't like that it seemed.

"I'm sorry I just thought you might have felt the same way" Kara replied.

She turned away from Lilly sadly and moved back over to the other end of the swimming pool.

Seeing Kara turn away sadly gave Lilly a little confidence boost,

"It's just that- It's not like I don't like it but- um, ah, I-I I'm just a little unsure." Lilly called back to Kara.

"Stupid, stupid, STUPID!" Lilly scolded herself mentally. "She's just admitted that she feels the same way you do yet you just stammer like an idiot! Show some backbone!"

Kara heard what Lilly had said. But she didn't say anything back to her at the moment.

"I made a bad choice?" Kara thought.

Now she really didn't know what to do.

When Kara didn't reply, Lilly knew she'd done something stupid. She whined and sat back down again and sunk into the bubbles.

The twins had now come into the bath as well. It only took one look from Holly to know that Lilly was engrossed in self-loathing. She shook her head and took a seat in the bubble pool next to her.

"Stop punishing yourself. You can't change what's already happened." Holly told Lilly. "Next time, be brave."

"Easy for you to say." Lilly mumbled through the water.

Haley went over to sit near Kara.

"Lilly's shy." Haley said to Kara. "She's useless when it comes to social situations. She tends to get her words mixed up and forget what she wants to say. She doesn't mean any harm with it, she's just too shy to admit her true feelings."

Kara heard Haley's voice then looked over as she sat next to her. "But I told her how I truly felt towards her and thought she might have felt the same way I do" Kara told Haley. She felt sad at what she did and still wasn't sure on what to do.

Kara got up and walked back over to Lilly and saw that Holly was sitting next to her. "I don't know if you even feel how I do but I still love you Lilly" Kara admitted again, She wasn't sure of what else to say at the moment.

Lilly was about to cave in to her embarrassment and stammer like a fool again. She looked to her sisters for support but all they did was give her a look which said 'You're on your own now. Just tell her how you feel. You can do it!'.

"Well," Lilly started. "I'm still sorting out my own feelings so I can't really give a clear answer now. This isn't a rejection, it's just something to say give me a little more time." Lilly admitted. "I think you're a great friend and I want to do all I can to help you but I don't know if it's just friendship which is making me feel this way or something more intimate."

Kara listened to what Lilly had to say once again. She just wanted Lilly to truly admit how she really felt if she even had any feelings for her. Yet it seemed the Lilly still needed more time on the matter. "Okay I understand" Kara says as she turns away from Lilly and makes her way back over to where Haley sat.

"Maybe I shouldn't have said anything" Kara told Haley as she sat down.

When Kara walked away, Lilly re-submerged her face under the water and whined like a lost puppy.

"You did the right thing." Holly comforted her. "Love's a teenage thing and you're still a pre-teen. Kara'll understand."

"I still couldn't say it." Lilly's muffled voice came from under the water.

"She's shy." Haley repeated to Kara. "She's not just going to up and say 'Oh, hey, I love you too'. That's just not like her."

"You've already mentioned that" Kara told Haley she was still looking at Lilly. "Then how will I ever know if she has the same feelings for me as I do her?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Haley for a few moments then back over at Lilly,

"Isn't it obvious?" Haley asked Kara. "If she didn't love you then she wouldn't be acting this way. If she didn't love you then she would have declined you outright but she didn't so she loves you. She just needs a little more time to overcome her embarrassment. Think tomorrow night, when you get to sleep in her room. She'll probably get a little less embarrassed then and have sorted out her feelings too so she may admit it then."

She listened to what Haley had to say."I wasn't sure just thought she was being a good friend" Kara says. She looks across the pool over at Lilly who's nearly all underwater. "I hope so" Kara admitted as she used a faint amount of wind to caress Lilly's cheeks and then stopped. She then splashed some water over at Haley. "Water fight"

"She'll get there-" Haley started before she was splashed in the face by water. "No fair! Pre-emptive's aren't allowed!"

Haley splashed some water back at Kara before turning around to the other two.

"This means war! Splash her to oblivion!" Haley declared.

Lilly sighed before she pulled her face out of the water. She looked over at Holly, who just shrugged back.

"It'll keep her happy." Holly simply answered before the pair went over to her.

Kara felt the water splash onto her that Haley had sent back. "Hey, no fair it going to be three on one" Kara says. She sent a wave of water splashing back at Haley before turning towards Lilly and Holly.

She splashed water towards them.

Haley blocked the splash of water with her arms before returning a huge jet back to Kara.

"Three on one's fair. You can make wind after all!" Haley shot back.

"I don't really wanna get involved." Holly said with a sigh.

Lilly, acting the same way, secretly had a plan.

"Neither do I." Lilly answered.

She then quickly splashed both of the girls with water before moving over to Kara's side.

"Two on two now." Lilly told the pair.

"Mutiny!" Haley exclaimed. "I thought you were on our side!"

Kara tried to dive to the side to avoid the jet of water but failed and was soaked. "Am I using the wind now no" Kara stated as she used both arms to sent a big jet back at Haley.

"Holly why not?" Kara asked.

She then noticed Lilly had moved to her side.

"Now were even"

"Wrong choice, Lilly!" Holly scolded Lilly as she splashed her with a large jet of water. She wasn't really wanting to get involved but as Lilly had splashed her she wanted revenge.

"Thought you didn't want to get involved?" Lilly asked Holly before getting hit by the water. "Oh no you didn't!"

The girls continued splashing water at one another and Haley used some of her illusion magic to make copies of herself to increase her splashing power.

Kara returned by splashing water at both Haley and Holly. She later saw as Haley used her magic to make copies of herself. Soon both her and Lilly were out numbered. "Hey no fair" Kara stated as she used her wind magic.

To start sending bigger jets of water at Haley and her copies.

"We're not ones for losing." Holly answered.

"Once you awaken Haley's competitive side then there's no stopping her." Lilly informed Kara. "She'd likely pull every dirty trick she can to win."

The splash war continued.

"Yet you will lose" Kara countered.

She listened to what Lilly then said. "That won't work" Kara answered.

The splash war went on for a while longer and Kara was starting to get hungry. "I'm feeling rather hungry"

"Chickening out already?" Haley taunted. "Scared you'll lose?"

"It may be a misdirection. She could want us to put our guard down so she can splash us." Holly suggested.

"Fun's over." Lilly announced. "If we spend any more time in here we'll likely become lightheaded or wrinkly."

Lilly then started to head back towards the steps leading in to the bath.

Kara said nothing instead she used her wind magic to send the water under Haley. To splash the inside of her treasure, She then followed Lilly towards the steps and walked out of the pool. "You guys win" She told the twins before taking the towel and drying herself off.

She walked back into the changing room and changed back into her clothes.

Haley pouted and grumbled as she followed behind Lilly and Kara. Holly just shrugged and then followed along.

Outside the bath, Lilly dried herself off before heading back into the changing rooms. A fresh batch of clothes was placed in the hamper she'd put her school clothes in. The same happened with the twins' clothes. After changing, Lilly went towards the changing rooms doors.

"Mother's back now. We need to keep you under wraps. Head up to the twins' room and stay there. I'll bring some food up in a minute." Lilly instructed Kara.

"Okay then I'll see you then" Kara said. As she left the twins and Lilly and headed back to their room. Once inside she closed the door behind her then a rather weird thought went through her mind.

As she paced around the room she started to then go searching through. Haley and Holly's closet and drawers, "I wonder what their really like?" Kara said to herself. As she raiding the twins panty drawer in their closet. She didn't move or touch anything just wondering if they were hiding anything.

After several minutes of searching she went back and sat on her bed.

What Kara found in the underwear drawers were what to be expected in them. Children's underwear. Panties, socks and vests. They were surprisingly unremarkable. Plain panties, striped panties, polka-dot panties, checked panties, silk panties, cashmere panties, character panties, animal panties, heart panties, the works. The vests were mostly matching the panties where possible and the socks were as well.

After a quick visit to their Mother's office, the girls called upon a maid to fetch some snacks from the storage cupboard in the kitchen. She was a little surprised when they said 'enough for four' but she didn't ask questions. Maids didn't need to know that. She complied with their request and brought back a variety of snacks. The girls thanked the maid and headed back up into the twins' room.

She remembered what she had seen in their underwear drawers. It was just the normal everyday types of stuff. She was a little disappointed that they had nothing to hide. Plus Kara didn't want to mess around looking through a bit more or touching anything. She wondered if Lilly had anything to hide in her own room.

But pushed the thought aside for another night. She just remained sitting on the bed.

Upon arrival, the girls noticed that the twins' wardrobe door was a little ajar. Lilly thought that they just hadn't shut it properly yet the twins thought differently. Correction, Haley thought differently. She thought that Kara had gone looking through their stuff. After the small speculation, the girls headed into the room.

"We've brought snacks." Lilly announced when she walked in. "Crisps, biscuits and cakes."

Haley grinned and sat next to Kara on the bed.

"Lilly's got more stuff in hers." She whispered to Kara. She knew she'd understand what she meant.

It seemed that she had been caught in the act yet neither of them. Said anything to her about it yet she watched as the three entered the room. "Think you" Kara told them then it seemed Haley sat next to her.

She blushed a little at what Haley said it seemed she knew what she had done. "Like what?" Kara whispered back before taking a bag of crisps.

Lilly set the snack plate down on the small coffee table in the middle of the room and knelt down on a cushion near it. Holly followed along and knelt on the cushion opposite Lilly.

"We've got a small drinks cabinet in this room. It's full of fizzy drinks though." Holly told Kara.

"Lot's of things. Interesting things." Haley replied. "Check it out."

"Thank you again" Kara told both girls. "Where in the room are they located?" Kara asked. She then listened to Haley again.

"You mean like now or later?" Kara asked quietly.

"Over there." Holly answered as she indicated a small chiller by a work desk. "Got lots of fizzy things but not much else. Haley calls it her 'work fuel'."

"Later. When we're all having dinner you're free to roam the upstairs." Haley replied. "Back of the walk-in wardrobe. That's where they are."

Kara got up and followed Holly to a small chiller by the work desk. She reached down and then opened it and took out one of the drinks before closing it. She walked back and sat on the bed next to Haley.

"Anything else other than that?" Kara asked her heart beating faster,

"There's her swimsuit collection and some more...personal items as well but I'll keep them a secret. You'll love them when you see them." Haley whispered back with a huge grin on her face.

Holly was wondering why Haley decided to pass up hoarding the snacks to sit next to Kara. She found out why when she saw Haley's huge grin. She must be plotting something rather devious.

"Haley's acting a little strange." Holly whispered to Lilly. "She seems to be talking about something with Kara and looking rather pleased with herself about it."

"I don't know what it is but I'm not liking it one bit." Lilly whispered back as a shiver ran down her spine.

"I've already seen some of her swimsuits" Kara answered yet when Haley mentioned something about personal items she wondered what they were.

She went back to eating her own snack. She saw that Holly and Lilly were whispering to each other. "Seems they know something" Kara whispered to Haley.

"Does it matter?" Haley asked with a shrug. "Holly's hard to trick so she's bound to find out."

Lilly still felt a little uncomfortable about what Kara and Haley were discussing. She knew it must be about her but she didn't know what it was. She continued eating her snacks while occasionally shooting glances at Haley.

"A little yes" Kara replied. "But you know she'll ruin everything"

Still eating her snacks she looked back at Lilly and waved. Before taking a drink of her drink once again.

"Holly's no threat. She'll give us a stern talking to but nothing more." Haley answered. "She's not going to spoil our fun."

Lilly wondered why Kara waved to her when they were no more than a few feet apart. She nodded her head a little as she continued watching. After a few more seconds, she went back to eating.

Kara decided to have a little fun with Holly and used her wind magic to tickle her feet, "How do you truly know that?" Kara asked as she looked over at Holly.

She saw as Lilly nodded then smiled and burped on accident before looking back at Haley.

The wind would have had an effect had Holly had ticklish feet but that wasn't her sweet spot for tickling.

"Because I've done something before and she hasn't told on me yet." Haley answered. "She's trustworthy. You can easily buy her with fudge. Treat her to some clotted cream vanilla fudge and you're safe for half a year."

She stopped using the wind of Holly then moved it for a second to Lilly's feet.

"Then I'll keep an eye out for this fudge, oh want to try and enter Holly's dreams tonight?" Kara asked. Remembering that it had been mentioned by Haley once before but they never acted upon it.

The wind had a little more effect on Lilly but it was still ultimately useless. All Lilly did in response was move her feet a little.

"Guess we could. Though, she'll likely catch on pretty soon." Haley answered. "We can give it a go but I doubt we'll be able to do much."

She stopped using the wind on Lilly.

"We could always enter Li.." Kara's voice trailed off as she blushed red. She shook her head to rid herself of it. "No that won't work" Kara thought.

"Ok"

Snack time finished and it was now going on for around quarter to six. Lilly knew that dinner wasn't to far off.

"We've got dinner soon so don't eat too much." She reminded the twins.

"I've always got room for sweets." Haley answered. "Normal food goes in a different stomach."

"Don't worry. I know." Holly replied.

Lilly turned to Kara.

"Do you want me to bring some up for you as well?" She asked.

She finished up her snack and had a couple others. Before snack time finished it seemed that dinner was happening soon.

"Yes, please" Kara replied.

She knew what she wanted to do and hoped she could get away with it.

"Okay. I'll ask a maid to set a plate aside for you." Lilly replied. "Got any preference for a drink to go with it?"

"I want Shandy." Haley cut in.

"Lilly didn't ask you, you know." Holly answered curtly.

The twins had already set off for the door.

"Gotta pee." Haley told Lilly. "Holly's in need as well. She's just too embarrassed to ask."

Holly whined as she moved around. How did Haley know she needed the toilet? She'd not shown any signs before as far as she was concerned. She'd hidden it quite well. Could twin telepathy actually exist?

"I'll have a Shandy" Kara replied not really knowing what it was,

She saw the twins head for the door. Before they mentioned they needed to pee, She watched as Holly moved around and her gaze was fixed on Holly's rear. She was clearly blushing again as the feelings from the bathroom returned.

"Um, ah" Kara muttered.

"You do know that-" Lilly started before she was interrupted by Holly patting her on the back.

"U-um, I don't think Kara should have it." Holly quietly said to Lilly. Her clothes made a slight rustling sound as she pushed in on her crotch.

"Go pee. You'll hurt yourself if you don't." Lilly answered. "I'll make sure that Kara's Shandy is more lemonade than larger."

Holly nodded and then went back to join Haley. The pair left the room. Lilly and Kara were now alone.

Kara didn't really hear what Lilly or Holly had said. She was still just watching Holly dance around she heard the rustling sound then saw as Holly pressed against her crotch.

Her blushing got deeper as she watched Holly do the pee dance before her. But when they left the room she cried out. "No" Kara said to herself,

"No?" Lilly asked. "No what?"

Lilly was quite surprised that Kara had raised some form of objection against something.

"What's there to 'no' about?" She questioned.

Kara's train of thought was brought back to the here and now. "It's nothing" Kara quickly said, As she was still blushing and crying on the inside.

"I said it was nothing" Kara replied, She really wished Holly was still here as she wanted to see her have an accident.

"If you say so." Lilly answered with a shrug. She knew it was more than just nothing but she didn't want to ask further.

After a few minutes, the twins returned.

"You really need to tell us when you need to pee. You very nearly peed your pants." Haley told Holly was they walked in.

"It's just..." Holly started. "It's just that it's embarrassing with Kara here. She likes pee, doesn't she?"

"Yup. That's true. If you keep this up you will pee yourself. Kara's staying here now, remember? She's also sleeping in our room."

The twins had returned and that didn't help matters as they were talking about pee again.

"Um, I it's ah" Kara muttered she looked at Holly and then Haley. She laid down on her bed and turned away from them.

She was having those bad feelings again.

"But I didn't pee myself this time." Holly replied.

"But you leaked a lot. I saw the wet patch on your panties." Haley answered.

Holly had no answer. She just blushed and sat down on Lilly's lap. She then looked up to her and used her best puppy dog eyes to get Lilly's sympathy.

"Haley's being mean to me." Holly told Lilly. "She says I'll wet myself."

Lilly felt the wet patch on Holly's panties against her leg. She also felt the tingling itch return to her own girlhood.

"W-well. I know you've got a large wet patch on you panties. I think you should change out of them before they cause some irritation." Lilly suggested to Holly with a blush. "Aside from that, you really should tell us when you need to pee. I don't want you wetting yourself or hurting yourself from neglecting it."

Haley had mentioned that Holly had leaked alot which caused Kara to shake in excitement, She was still looking away from everyone. "Please do it" Kara whispered quietly to only herself, She really wanted to see Holly wet herself now.

Yet with all this talk of pee Kara reached down and was rubbing her mound again, She was using her right hand and couldn't be seen doing it because she was laying on her side.

"Keep them on I want to see them" Kara thought as she whimpered again.

"Sorry." Holly quietly apologised with a sad look on her face.

"Don't feel bad. I'm not scolding you, I'm just worried about you." Lilly answered.

Holly got up off Lilly's lap and went into her walk-in wardrobe to pick out some clean panties. After a few moments, she came back in to the room.

"We've still got a little while before dinner." Haley told the group. "Let's play a game! I wanna play Rummy. Bets won't be money but they'll be something else. No holds barred, anything's allowed. Who's interested?"

Kara was still lightly rubbing herself as she didn't hear what Haley had to offer. As she was still in her own little world.

She pictured herself and Holly alone in the room. She watched as Holly and rubbing her crotch with both hands and doing the pee dance before her once again. Kara in her dream had walked over to Holly and pulled her hands away from her crotch.

"This won't work I'll help you" Kara said aloud.

"No." Holly and Lilly answered simultaneously.

"Two to one and votes are still on. Last one counts. If Kara wants to do it then we will. If she doesn't then we won't." Haley answered quickly. She then went over to Kara and tried to get her attention.

"Hey, Kara, wanna play Rummy? Bets can be anything." Haley asked as she shook Kara.

Kara suddenly seemed to be pulled back into reality as she felt Holly shake her awake, "Oh, ah yeah sure" Kara answered.

She got up off the bed and moved her hand away from herself. Her panties were damp and she looked at Holly and blushed.

"Kara's for it, we're doing it!" Haley told the others. "I'll get the cards."

Haley ran to the desk and opened a drawer. She produced a pack of playing cards and went back to the table. She opened the carton and took the cards out.

"Come down here." She told Kara. "Know how to play?"

Kara got off the bed and went over to the table and sat down. "I've played it before but it's been along time" Kara told them.

She then thought about what sort of bets would be offered. "Can we start betting now or wait until we get out hands?" Kara asked.

"Want a refresher?" Haley asked Kara as she shuffled the deck.

"I'd rather we get our hands first before we bet." Lilly cut in.

"Y-yeah. Me too." Holly replied.

Haley dealt the cards to each player. Haley placed the spares in a face down pile. She then decide on turn order.

"Me, Holly, Lilly and then Kara." Haley told the group. "Place your bets."

"Don;t you need like four sets of cards all in the same suit or something?" Kara asked. She was then dealt seven cards and looked at her hand she had spades, clubs, diamonds and hearts in her hand, she had a queen, ten and two of hearts in her hand but nothing else that would help.

She then thought about her bet. "I bet that Holly has to not go pee for the rest of the evening" Kara says,

"All you need to win are seven cards in ascending order. You can only have seven in your hand at a time and you must either pass up your turn or draw a card from the draw pile and place a card in you hand in the discard pile. Players can take the latest card to be discarded as their own if they want to but the hand must never exceed seven cards." Haley explained. "When you get ascending cards, the first player to shout 'Rummy' and show their winning cards, wins."

"Ehhhh?" Holly whined. She wasn't looking forward to Kara winning now.

"I bet that the losers can't go pee without the winner's permission." Haley said.

"I bet a nice ice cream treat for the winner." Lilly added in to the pot. "At the loser's expense."

"I bet that the losers have to go commando for a whole day." Holly added in.

"Bets placed, game starts." Haley announced.

Haley's hand had A,4,2,5,8,9,K in. She took out the King and placed it in the discard pile. She then drew a card and got a Queen. Her hand was now: A,2,4,5,8,9,Q

Holly's hand was pretty good. She had: 4,5,6,7,8,J,Q. Holly took the discarded King and placed the 4 into the discard pile. Her hand was now: 5,6,7,8,J,Q,K.

Lilly had a poor hand. Her's was all over the place: 2,2,4,5,3,3,7. She drew a card from the deck and put down a spare 2. The card she drew screwed up her hand even more. It was a King. Leaving her hand at: 2,3,3,4,5,7,K

Kara listened to what Haley had to say.

Kara still had a 2,10,Q but she also had a A, 3,8,9 the other four cards weren't helping her. Kara looked at the discard pile and took the 4 of heats and added it to her hand she then discarded a 3 into the pile. Her hand was now A,2,4,8,9,10,Q she just needed three more cards,

Haley quickly picked up the discarded 3 and put down her Queen. Her hand was now: A,2,3,4,5,8,9. She just had to get rid of the 8 and the 9 and she'll win with a 6 and a 7.

Holly decided to hold this turn.

"Hold." She announced.

"You'll be doing that soon." Haley taunted. Holly knew she must be close to winning due to her arrogance. Holly, on the other hand, kept calm and cool despite her good hand.

Lilly picked up the discarded Queen and put down one of her duplicate 3's. Her hand was now 2,3,4,5,7,Q,K. She'd still got quite the mix but at least she had a chance now.

Kara was still looking at her hand. She reached down and picked up the 3 that Lilly had put down it was one she needed. She now had five of the cards and needed two more she thought about which one to discard. Kara put down the 9 into the pile. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,8,10,Q

Haley picked a card out of the deck. It was another 9. Haley grumbled in frustration and placed it on the discard pile. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,8,9,

Holly picked up the discarded 9 and placed her King into the discard pile. Her hand was now 5,6,7,8,9,J,Q. She only needed one more card. She kept her face straight despite her growing confidence in her hand.

Lilly was still thinking about what would be the best course of action. She eventually decided to draw a card from the deck. It was a 10. She discarded her 2 and kept the 10. her hand was now 3,4,5,7,10,Q,K. She still had a long way to go yet she kept up her drive.

"Best two out of three?" She suggested. "Two bets are better than one." Lilly hoped they'll take up this offer as she didn't want to lose.

Kara had heard what Lilly had said, "Okay I bet if both twins lose they have to sleep with me in my bed tonight" Kara said,

She still needed just two more cards in her hand and was she didn't know weather to draw a card. or take one from the discard pile. She went with drawing a card it was a J that she needed, She now had to discard a card and picked the A from her hand and placed it in the pile.

Kara's hand was now 2,3,4,8,10,J,Q.

"Both rounds of bets come into play if you lose. Even if you lose one game, you still have to go with the bets from it." Haley explained. "More fun that way if we've got a lot at stake."

Ignoring the discarded Ace, Haley drew another card from the deck. It was a 6! Haley kept this card as a large smile appeared on her face. She took her 9 and put it in the discard pile. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,6,8. She only needed one more card! A 7!

Holly noticed Haley's lack of a poker face and decided to play along with her. She picked a card out of the deck. It was another 6. She put the card in the discard pile. Her hand was still 5,6,7,8,9,J,Q.

Lilly picked up the discarded 6 and put her King down. Her hand was now 3,4,5,6,7,10,Q. She needed two more cards. An 8 and a 2 or an 8 and a 9.

"We'll place out bets next game." Haley told Kara.

Kara needed one more card she saw the large smile on Haley's face and knew she was close to winning like she was. She looked around at the other two girls and wondered about their hands. She hoped that it wasn't true with them being close to wininng as well.

She then saw the discarded K she the took a card from the deck it was another A she then got rid of her 8 Kara's hand was now A,2,3,4,10,J,Q

Haley, wanting to win really badly, drew a card from the deck. It was a 10. She sighed and grumpily put the card in the discard pile. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Holly let a smile cross her face as she drew the 10 from the discard pile and placed the Queen in her hand down.

"Rummy." She casually called out. She then placed her hand on the table. It was a Rummy. She had a 5,6,7,8,9,10,J.

"Lucky." Lilly sighed as she showed her hand.

"Damn it!" Haley angrily huffed as she threw her hand on the table.

It seemed that Holly had won the game and had gotten Rummy first, "Shit" Kara swore as she placed her hand down in the discard pile. She had really wanted to win and now was at Holly's mercy as was everyone else,

"I guess I'll start then" Kara said, She left the other alone for a moment and walked into. The twins walk-in closet she reached under her skirt and pulled down her panties. Then stepping out of them she walked back into the room with them in hand,

"I didn't say it had to be today when you go commando. What's the point of the bet if it won't last long?" Holly informed Kara. "I was more thinking it'll come into activation tomorrow when we're all at school."

"Devious and effective. Now I know that we're twins." Haley commented with a large smile.

"Haley's becoming a bad influence on you." Lilly said with a shake of her head.

"Second round of bets in! I bet that the losers have to not pee tomorrow until 8pm at night." Haley placed down. "You won't even get to pee in the morning. I've got eyes and ears all around school so don't think you can get out of it that way."

Lilly stared in shock at Haley. She definitely didn't want her to win.

"I bet that the winner gets treated to all snacks and lunch for the rest of the week at the expense of the losers." Lilly added into the betting ring.

"I bet that the losers have to bend to the winner's every demand for the rest of the week." Holly placed down.

"Kara's already bet so we'll start the game." Haley announced as she shuffled the cards. "We'll be going in reverse order now, starting with Kara, then Lilly, then Holly and them me last."

Haley dealt seven cards to each competitor and the game began.

Kara stepped back into her panties after what Holly had said. She then heard what Haley's bet was she wasn't a big fan of it but seeing some hope in seeing Holly and Lilly wet themselves. Made her feel happy she then listened to what the others were and then was dealt her hand.

Kara's had was 3,5,7,8,9,Q,K it seem she had two cards already the Q and K she. Drew a card it as a 7 another card she needed for now she then placed the other 7 she no longer needed into the discard pile. Her hand was the same as before.

Lilly's hand this time was a little better than before. She had: A,3,5,6,9,Q,K. She at least had some chance this time. She discarded her King and took the 7 instead, making her hand A,3,5,6,7,9,Q.

Holly's hand was as good as ever. She seemed to be getting lucky. She nearly had a Rummy right now with 2,3,4,5,6,9,10. She took a card from the deck. The card was an Ace! She discarded her 10 and put the Ace into her hand, making it A,2,3,4,5,6,9. She only needed a 7 and she's won.

Haley, on the other hand, wasn't doing so well. She'd been hit by the junk deck. Her hand was atrocious at 3,6,6,8,10,10,K. Haley drew a card from the deck. It was an Ace. She discarded the duplicate 6 and took the Ace.

Kara looked at her hand then at the cards in the discard pile nothing she needed there. So she drew a card it was a 2 something which she didn't really need but decided to keep around. She then went on to discard her 5 which now made her hand 2,3,7,8,9,Q,K. Seemed things weren't going for her all that well at the moment.

She wasn't really sure how the other were doing either.

Lilly didn't need the five so she just took a card from the deck. It was a 3. She didn't need it so she discarded it. Her hand was still A,3,5,6,7,9,Q.

Holly, not needing a 3, took a card from the deck. It was a 2. Feeling a little let down by the deck, she discarded it. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,6,9.

Haley, without any second thoughts, took the two and discarded a duplicate 10, leaving her hand now at A,2,3,6,8,10,K.

Kara took the 10 from the discard pile seeing as it was one she needed. Then looking at her hand she needed to decide which to get rid of. She took the 8 and placed it in the discard pile. Her hand was now 2.3.7,9,10,Q,K she only needed three more cards and she would win the game.

Lilly took the discarded 8 and discarded her Queen instead. Her hand was now A,3,5,6,7,8,9. She'd only need either two or three cards dependant on her luck.

Holly, wanting to win again, took a card from the deck. Sadly, it wasn't one she needed. It was a 4. She discarded the 4, which made her hand stay at A,2,3,4,5,6,9. Come on lucky 7!

Haley, feeling happy about her turn of luck, took the discarded 4 and placed her King in the pile instead. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,6,8,10.

She still only needed three cards to win the game reaching down Kara drew a card. It was the J that she needed looking at her cards she took the 2 and discarded it into the pile. Her hand was now 3,7,9,10,J,Q,K she just needed a right number 9 and the right kind of 8.

"How about we triple this bet here?" Kara asked.

"Why'd we do that?" Holly asked. "isn't two doses of loss enough for you?"

"I'm with Holly on this one. Tripling it would just be pointless." Lilly added in.

"I seriously don't see how tripling it would help." Haley replied.

All three girls just thought that Kara was trying to get some sort of kick out of another perverted bet.

Lilly took the discarded 2 and put her 9 down. Her hand was now A,2,3,5,6,7,8. She only needed one more card now and that was a 4. She showed no signs of being close but on the inside she was loving her luck at the moment.

Holly ignored the discarded card and drew one from the deck. It was a Queen. She discarded it with a sigh. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,6,9.

Haley didn't need a Queen so she drew a card from the deck. It was a Jack. She placed it on the discard pile in a huff, which left her hand at A,2,3,4,6,8,10.

"I had thought it would make the game more interesting" Kara told the group.

Kara looked at her hand she only needed one more card to win the game. She then looked over at the card pile and then the deck. Reaching over she drew a card it was an 8 putting it in her hand she then discarded the 3. "Rummy" Kara said as she placed her hand down upon the table smiling.

"Figures." Holly sighed as she placed her near complete hand on the table.

"Guess we're sleeping with you tonight." Haley said as she put her hand down.

"I wanted free lunches." Lilly groaned as she placed her hand down. "Don't do anything funny to them, okay?"

The game still had one round left on it. If either Lilly or Haley won this round then there'll be a tie-breaker round between the three victors. Haley collected in the cards and shuffled the deck again.

"Place bets." She said monotonously. "I'm sticking to my previous bet. I bet that the losers have to not pee tomorrow until 8pm at night."

"That's no fun." Holly replied. "I bet that the losers have to kiss the winner on the lips."

"Haley really is getting to you, isn't she?" Lilly asked Holly based on her latest bet. "I bet that the losers have to sleep naked tonight."

"Turn order's back to normal. After Kara's bet, I'll deal up the cards and start the round." Haley finished.

Kara looked back at Lilly. "I promise that I won't" Kara told her before she went back and looked at both twins, "I guess so" Kara said.

"I bet that the losers have to wet themselves at least once this week" Kara told the group.

"You and your love for pee." Holly groaned. She shook her head in disgust.

"No." Lilly answered. "We're not going to let you win now."

Lilly didn't like the idea and neither did Holly. They shared a glance at each other and nodded.

"Duo on her?" Holly sent to Lilly through telepathy.

"You know it." Lilly sent back.

Haley, after shuffling the deck, dealt out the cards for each player and the game began.

Haley had a rather good hand to begin with. She had 2,2,4,5,8,9,J. She took a card from the deck, which turned out to be an Ace. She discarded a duplicate 2, leaving her hand at A,2,4,5,8,9,J.

Holly's hand was nearly a complete Rummy. She had A,2,3,4,5,8,10. She took a card from the deck, which was a Jack. She discarded the Jack and kept her hand the same.

Lilly's hand was junk again. She had 3,3,3,7,10,Q,K. Holly's discard at least allowed her to get a partial ascending order going. She took the Jack and discarded a 3. Using her free hand, Lilly secretly did some gestures to indicate that she was not close to winning to Holly. Holly motioned back that she was nearing a Rummy and only needed two cards.

"Your such a stick in the mud Holly" Kara told her, she then looked over at Lilly. "Why not you'd love to wet yourself" Kara told her.

Haley then dealt out the cards and she looked at her hand, Her hand was A,3,5,6,7,J.K seems she nearly had a Rummy of her own she only needed two cards and she'd win again, She then drew a card which was another K she didn't need this and put it in the discard pile.

"No we won't." Lilly answered for both parties involved.

Haley drew another card from the deck. This one was a 10. She discarded her Jack and took the 10. Her hand was now A,2,4,5,8,9,10.

Holly drew a card from the deck. This one was a 6! She took the 6 and discarded her 10. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,6,8. She only needed a 7 again. She signalled to Lilly that she was now one card off a Rummy.

Lilly drew a card from the. This one was a 5. She discarded another 3 and kept the 5. This left her hand at 3,5,7,10,J,Q,K. She signalled to Holly that she was getting closer to winning but was still far off. She also signalled to ask which card Holly was missing.

Kara was busy looking at her hand but before it was her turn. She saw they Lilly was doing some hand signals. She wondered just what that was all about she then looked over at Holly who seemed to be sitting like normal. Kara then reached out for next card she picked up a 4 which meant she only needed one more card.

Kara then discarded her K and her hand now was A,3.4.5.6.7.J. She also decided to keep and eye on Lilly to see if she did what she did again.

Haley drew a card from the deck as she didn't need the discarded one. It was a 3. She kept the 3 and discarded her 10. This left her hand at A,2,3,4,5,8,9.

Holly noticed how Kara's stare seemed to stay on Lilly.

"Head's up, Kara's on to us. We'll talk like this now." Holly sent to Lilly through telepathy.

"Damn. Was hoping she wouldn't catch on. What card do you need?" Lilly sent back.

"I need a 7 and I've won."

Holly drew a card from the deck. This card was another 6. She discarded the 6 and kept her hand at A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Lilly took the 6 and discarded her King. This left her hand at 3,5,6,7,10,J,Q. Dependent on her luck, she only needed around 2 cards for one Rummy and around three cards for another chance at winning.

Her gaze was still fixed on Lilly who didn't seem to be making anymore of the hand signals. She then looked over at Holly who remained normal. Lastly her gaze moved to Haley and she tapped her with her hand. "I think Lilly's doing something strange but I can't tell what it is" Kara told her in a whisper.

Kara then picked up another A which she didn't need and placed it in the pile. She still had the same hand as before.

"Lilly's always strange." Haley answered simply. "She's probably a little ticked about your bet so she may be plotting with Holly to stop you from winning. If I were you, I'd not do anything about it otherwise you could make them both quite mad at you."

Haley drew a card from the deck and was quite happy with her result as it was a 6. It was just what she needed. She put the card in her hand and discarded her 9. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Holly planned her next move carefully.

"What cards do you need?" She sent to Lilly.

"An 8 would help a lot." Lilly sent back.

Holly drew a card from the beck. The card turned out to be another 5. She kept the five and discarded her 8. She didn't need the five but Lilly needed the 8. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,5,6.

"Thanks." Lilly sent back to Holly.

"Let's win this. I not a fan of your bet but it's better than having to pee myself for Kara's sick amusement." Holly sent back. She kind of hated Kara for her bet.

"I really want you to win as you have the most sane bet of us all. A kiss is a kiss. I'm not big on Kara's bet and I'm kind of ticked off at it as well."

Lilly took Holly's discarded 8 and put down her 3. Her hand was now 5,6,7,8,10,J,Q.

Kara listened to what Haley had said to her. "So what their cheating together at the moment" Kara said. She looked at both girls then shook her head. Plus it also seemed that Haley had said not to do anything at the moment. But Kara wasn't a fan of cheating just to win a game to avoid a stupid bet.

Still with the same hand as before she then picked up a Q that she didn't need but kept it and got rid of her 7. So her hand was now A,3.4.5.6.J.Q

Holly was watching the game very closely and gasped to herself when she saw Kara set down a seven. She needed a seven and she wanted it to win and not have to wet herself or go without going to the toilet for the rest of tomorrow. She used some magic to secretly reshuffle the deck. She took the first card out of the top of the deck and swapped it with the seven placed down. Thankfully, it wasn't another seven. She then secretly swapped the top seven with the card beneath it. Haley was too caught up staring at her own deck to know this.

After a long hard look at her deck, Haley looked down at the discard pile. The card on top was another Jack. She didn't need it so she drew a card from the deck. The card she picked was another 5. She groaned and put it on the discard pile. Her hand was now still A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Holly, knowing that she'll win again, quickly took the 7 from the top of the deck and put it in her hand after discarding the 5. She was about to call out Rummy when she noticed that the supposed '7' which she was supposed to draw actually turned out to be a Joker. She whined when she thought about the potential chance of elimination rules being in play. Drawing a Joker will mean that the player's lost this round and she didn't want that. However, another small glimmer of hope came to her. If elimination rules weren't in play then wild card rules could be. If wild card rules were in play then Holly would have won as the Joker would act as the 7 she needed for her Rummy.

"I might have won but, then again, I might have lost." Holly sent to Lilly.

"I don't quite follow. What do you mean?" Lilly sent back.

"You'll find out in a minute."

Lilly, giving up on understanding Holly's cryptic statement, drew a card from the deck. It was a 9! She needed a 9 for a potential Rummy. She discarded her 5 and placed the 9 in her hand. Her hand was now 6,7,8,9,10,J,Q. She had a Rummy! She could win! But, so could Holly. She held back on announcing her win while Holly was still unsure.

"Um, Haley," Holly started. "Are elimination rules in play or are Wild card rules in instead?"

"Neither. "Haley answered simply. "We're not playing seriously so neither are in play."

"Oh, okay."

Holly was no closer to winning than she was before. The Joker in her hand was just junk now that neither rules were in play.

Knowing that both Lilly and Holly were cheating just to win the game and now that. It was her turn once again Kara didn't draw any cards instead she put her entire hand into the discard pile. "I give up" Kara stated.

She stood up from the table and looked at both girls. "I know what your both doing so feel free to keep doing it. But I won't have any part of this anymore" Kara told them. She then walked away from the table and went over and sat down on her bed.

"Plus seeing as how my current bet is now void since I quit the game it doesn't matter anymore" She said. Then laid down and turned the other way.

"Then I take it you don't want to sleep naked with the girls then." Lilly answered as she showed her Rummy to the players still in game. "I've got a Rummy right here."

Haley looked at the cards and sighed.

"Lilly's won this round." Haley said. "Elimination round?"

"No point if Kara's acting a little spoilt." Holly answered, hoping to incite Kara back to her normal self. "Despite the fact that she may win this round."

"I didn't say that" Kara said as she turned over. Then saw Lilly's hand from far across the room. "You only got that hand because Holly helped you" Kara told her.

She then heard something about an elimination round. "How do I truly know that?" Kara asked as she got up off the bed and walked back the table and sat down. "Maybe Haley will win this around, but most likely it will be you Holly or Lilly here because you two will cheat again" Kara stated.

"I only gave her one card. The rest she got by pure luck." Holly answered back to Kara.

"You don't. That's what makes this game fun." Lilly replied. "Haley's out as she's not won yet so it's just you, Holly and I playing. We only bent the rules because of the ludicrous bet you made. Holly would never want to do something like that voluntarily and I wouldn't want to see Holly subjected to some form of torture so we kind of pushed aside our own wants for winning and went with the best bet between us."

Kara turned to Holly and listened to what was said. "I highly doubt that" Kara told her before she looked over at Lilly.

"It was still a rather cheap move" Kara replied. As she had just fully heard what Lilly had said about what they had done. "But how do I know this won't happen again?" Kara asked. She waited for the cards to be dealt and knew deep down that both girls would cheat again.

"Games like this are about taking chances and not knowing the results." Lilly answered. "We don't know whether the other players would do some form of rule bending while playing. Our added powers make it even more of a test of wits. You all know that I can read minds and Holly can see through any form of deceit. You can also read minds, can't you?"

Lilly's explanation sounded pretty solid to her.

"Haley could have cheated at any given time with her illusion powers. She could have made a complete Rummy any time during play through clever manipulation of our minds. Yet, I don't think she was clever enough to do that." Holly added to Lilly's explanation.

"Damn it!" Haley exclaimed. "I should've done that!"

"Anyway, shouldn't we bet before we play?" Holly suggested. "I'll shuffle the cards this time and Haley can keep watch for any cheating."

Holly went about shuffling the cards.

Kara listened to what Lilly had just said. "Yes I can, but I don't go using that all the time since you know that backlash normally makes me need to pee" Kara said with a blush. "It should just be a fun game where everyone plays like normal" Kara added.

"I guess we all can bet now" Kara replied as she tried to think of something to bet it took her a while. As she watched Holly shuffle the cards before they would be dealt.

"I bet the losers have to wear an outfit picked out by the winner tomorrow" Kara told them.

Expecting another weird bet from Kara, both Lilly and Holly were surprised when it turned out to be a relatively normal bet. The word being relatively. Both girls couldn't help but feel that Kara had ulterior motives hidden under her seemingly normal bet.

"I bet that the losers have to give the winner a big hug." Holly placed down.

"I bet that the losers have to spend time alone with the winner at the winner's call." Lilly added in to the betting ring.

"Bets placed. Game starts." Holly announced as she dealt out the hands. "Turn order starts with Kara and ends with me."

The cards were dealt and she looked at the hand she had been give Kara's hand was 2,3,6,9,10,J,K. She had four cards and only needed three more for a Rummy. Reaching over she picked up a card it was a 2 which she placed into the discard pile.

"I'd like to let you know that my bet if I win will only take place in the afternoon since. We have to wear our school uniforms tomorrow to" Kara told them.

"I kinda expected that for the same reasons of my own bet." Holly replied.

Lilly's hand wasn't that bad. She had 4,5,7,8,10,J,Q. This meant she nearly had a full Rummy. She looked at the discarded 2 and debated whether it'll be worth picking up but thought against it when she noticed that it'll make her further away from a Rummy. She drew a card from the deck, which turned out to be a King. She discarded her 4 and put the King in her hand. Her hand was now 5,7,8,10,J,Q,K.

Holly's hand wasn't so bad. She had A,3,4,5,7,8,10, Not needing another 4, Holly drew a card from the deck. The card she drew actually turned out to be more helpful than she thought as it was a 2. She discarded her 10 and put the 2 in her hand, which made her hand A,2,3,4,5,7,8.

"Your bet could always take place in the morning?" Kara asked.

She looked at her hand it was still the same as before. She looked at the discarded 10 and knew she didn't need the card reaching over she picked up another card. This one was a Q which meant she only needed. Two more cards and she would have a Rummy. She discarded her 2 again and now her hand was 3,6,9,10,J,Q,K

"I never said it won't. I just said that it's down to the same reason.' Holly answered.

Lilly didn't need a 2 so she took a card from the deck. The card she picked turned out to be a 4. A 4 could help but it wasn't really what Lilly needed so she discarded it. Her hand was still 5,7,8,10,J,Q,K.

Holly didn't need the 4. She only needed a 6 and she would have won again. She took a card from the deck in hopes of it being a 6. She turned it over in her hand and saw that it was an 8. She discarded the 8 as she didn't need it. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,7,8.

With the same hand as before Kara looked over at the discard pile and took the 8. She now only needed a 7 and she could win she then discarded her 3 into the pile. And her current hand was 6,8,9,10,J,Q,K.

"Okay then"

Lilly didn't need a 3 so she drew a card from the deck. The card she picked up was another King. She discarded the king and kept her hand the same, leaving it at 5,7,8,10,J,Q,K.

Holly didn't need a king, she only needed a 6. She was so close to winning she could almost feel the warmth of all the hugs she'll get. She drew a card from the deck and willed it to be a 6 but, sadly, it was a Queen. She discarded the Queen and kept her hand the same, which left it at A,2,3,4,5,7,8.

Kara saw as Holly put a card down in the discard pile it was a Q. She didn't a Q and then looked over to the deck she reached out and drew a card it was a A. Another card that she didn't need so she placed it in the discard pile. Kara still hand the same hand as before.

Lilly only needed a 9 and she'd have won. With great expectations for her own victory, Lilly drew a card from the deck. She didn't dare looking at it until it was in her hand. She slowly turned the card around and couldn't help but let out a delighted gasp. It was a 9! She quickly discarded her 5 and called out the words she'd wanted to say.

"Rummy!" Lilly called out in joy as she showed the competing group her hand.

Haley looked over the cards as she was the moderator for this game.

"Clear Rummy. Lilly wins." Haley announced.

Holly let out a sigh of defeat as she placed her near complete hand down on the table.

"Congrats on your victory." Holly said to Lilly.

It seemed that Lilly had won the game. She was a little disappointed as she wished she could have won.

"Congrats" Kara said quietly to Lilly as she placed her hand into the discard pile.

Part of her felt happy that she'd be with Lilly alone but another wasn't really happy since Holly. Would be there and she wanted this time alone with Lilly to be special.

"Starting tomorrow evening, I'd like to see Kara first, then Holly and then Haley." Lilly announced. "Each of you has to come alone with snacks and drinks. I'll spend around half an hour with each person. What we do in that time is dependent on what each of us is willing to do."

"Run through of the bets: " Haley started. "Based on Holly's bet, tomorrow, everyone except Holly has to spend the whole day commando. Kara's bet dictates that Holly and I have to sleep in her bed tonight and Lilly's bet means that everyone except Lilly has to sleep naked."

"P-please take good care of me." Holly stuttered to Kara with a blush.

"The naked bet will be a little hard as Haley can't control her pee while she sleeps." Lilly cut in. "I think we could move the mattress protector from her bed to the guest bed and put down some towels or something to prevent most of the damage."

Kara listened first to what Lilly had said. "Is there any sort of snacks or drinks that you want us to bring or doesn't matter?" Kara asked.

She then looked over at Haley. "Um," Kara was about to say something but decided to keep. Her mouth shut she turned her gaze to Holly. "I will don't worry" Kara told her and patted her head.

"I guess we should do that now since it's almost time for you guys to have dinner" Kara spoke up.

