What a beautiful night!

Author: Dealer

*000*2018-04-13 08:38

In the last few days, I and another user of Omo.org that wants to remain anonymous did a little RP using the personal messenger and it turned out so well that I thought of posting it. Maybe I'm posting it in the wrong section, maybe it belongs on RP realm, but I thought that since I'm revisiting it (some less important messages; but I tried to leave it as original as possible) and I'm posting the whole stuff all at once this could be the more convenient forum.

The premise was really simple: two female friends goes out for a night and end up desperate to pee, but neither of them wants to reveal the predicament. We agreed also about the fact that the two girls were friends but they start develop feelings for each other. I tried to distinguish each post between me and the other user with this symbol: "_". I followed the direction my friendly user said me, so I'm not the first one to post. Enough said, let's begin!

What a Beautiful Night!

My name is Katie I am 5”4 brunette tied up in ponytail I am wearing a very sexy blue dress that really shows of my legs with a sky blue thong underneath

_

My name is Sofia, tall, curvy (but not fat), blonde girl, green eyes, wearing a whitey romper, braless, lace white thong (you can see it through my romper) and heels, with my toe nails painted red.

Basically I used this actress lol hope you like it

_

After I get ready and about yo head out the door “ hey Sophia it’s Katie I am al set to go for us to go eat at that new restaurant “ I say excited

Yeah I like it my toe nails are painted blue and I forgot to add that my thong is lace aswell lol

_

"Hey, Katie! I can't wait to try out that new restaurant: my friend said that it's a bit expensive but whorty." I said, kissing you on the cheeks as we head to my car.

As soon as I turned my car on, I ask you "do you like to listen to some music?"

_

“ yes I would love to listen to some music “ I say as you turn on you’re car

_

As I turned on the car, a catchy song came out a little too loud through the speakers. "Whoa!" was my comment, while I regulate the volume to be low enough to talk over the song.

"I love this singer, but I can't remember his name..." I said, removing my shoes to drive and pulling them on the backseat with a giggle.

I took a quick glance at you while exiting the parking lot of your house and adjusting a rebel lock of hair from my forehead: you look lovely in that pretty blue dress, short enough to make me blush.

_

“ thank you I picked it because I love how the color blue looks on me and isn’t your dress a little see through “ I say blushing madly “ don’t worry I can’t remember the singers name ether but I sure do love this song “

_

Hearing that my dress is transparent make me blush furiously and for a moment I think if turning back the car and go home to change.

"Does it make me look too slutty?" I ask you, winking. "Or do you just like what you're seeing?"

_

“ you look fine it was just something i notice I am actually really hungry “ I say blushing madly

_

"The restaurant is just around the corner, we'll just have to find a good spot to park" I say excited for the dinner we are going to have.

After parking and putting my heels back on, we walk trough the hall of this fancy restaurant.

I took another glance at your back and felt dizzy inside...

_

I look back smiling at you “ are you ok Sofia “ I say blushing madly

_

"Yes, yes! I... I was noticing that the polish on your toenails match with the dress" I say, with a stutter.

"But where is the waitress?" I ask to no one "How can we find our reserved table if there's no one at the entrance"

My heart is still pumping hard because of the fact that you got me staring at you. We are friends and I'm afraid of how I feel about you and that this 'thing' can change our friendship.

That's when I notice a little discomfort in my bladder.

_

“ ohhh you like I can lend you my nail polish I wonder where our waitress is “ I say looking around as I feel a small but manageable urge to pee

_

"Oh, yeah, maybe next week! Now I'm wearing a more aggressive red one!" I say, imitating the roaring of a tiger and regretting at that instance because of how stupid I look at your eyes.

I cross my legs, stretching the fabric of my romper and revealing more and more of my thong, when the waitress appears...

_

“ I giggle crossing my legs don’t worry it’s ok “ I say noticing our waitress

“ yes we are having a table for two and this is our reservation “ I say crossing my legs

_

The waitress looks at us like we are two naked sluts and we give a look at each other in surprise.

As soon as we arrived at the table, we sit down and I double cross my legs without thinking.

Handing my menu, I say "So..." but you interrupt me

_

I have my legs crossed under the table “ omg I can’t believe we are actually here I am starving and thirsty how about you “ I say trying to distract myself from my urge to pee

_

"I was just thinking the same! Isn't it weird?" I say, smiling.

I stopped a waitress, a different from before, and ordered some sparkling wine.

"A toast to..."

_

“ a toast to us “ I say lifting up my glass of sparkling water rubbing my thighs together

_

"Indeed" I say, drinking and crossing my legs thighter.

"Man, I do really need to use the toilette, but I don't want to embarass myself even more than what I did tonight..." I thought, trying to avoid thinking about all thw liquids filling my bladder.

"So, Katie, what do you want to eat tonight?" I asked, while grabbing discretely my crotch with one hand to help me hold on.

_

I keep my legs crossed thinking to myself I really gotta pee but I really don’t want to be rude and I am really hungry

“ I would like to eat some steak with a side of smash potatoes what are doing after we finish eating “ I say blushing madly trying not to show my desperation

_

"I think I'll go with a jambon omelette with some side of asparagus and carrots... But, wooza! 17$? A little expensive, don't you think?" I say, with a tone of surprise that surprised also myself.

"Damn, drinking at this pace will make me go full desperate too soon. What to do?" I thought while adjustng my underwear, trying to not make you notice what I'm doing.

My legs are crossed really thight and my toes wriggles in the air, shoes free, to try to contain my jiggling.

"Well, I planned on having a drink in a bar with a wonderful patio near the beach, where we can see the sea in the night..." I say, regretting proposing this plan.

...

I play with my hair while I watch your nervous/perplexed face after the explanation of the plan for the night.

My bladder is really full and I need to relieve myself as soon as possible, but I'm denying me this opportunity... and even this thought.

_

Crossing my legs “ that sounds nice wanna skip the bar and go straight to the beach “ I say trying not to show how desperate I am as it is incredibly Embarrassing

_

"Yeah, sure! This sounds awesome!" I say, embarassed but happy to be in an date with this lovely friend of mine. This sounds more romantic than I thought, initially... and also the beach part. But I don't mind.

A spasm in my lower abdomen reminds me of my awful situation, so I decide to speed up the situation a little. As the waiter collects our order, I bet he's checking me out. He says something like "everything ok? You two are shaking a lot"

I feel my cheeks turning red and fire up, while I try to remain as still as I can, unsuccessfully. I'm literally tapping my feet on the ground from how much I need to pee!

After the waiter leaves, I look at you and I say "What a weirdo!" laughing.

I'm starting noticing something weird about you too: you seem... distracted! Oh, no! "Do I bore her?" I though.

I ask you "So, we were talking... oh, yes! What you do for a living!"

_

I keep one hand on my my crotch “ ohh me all I do for a living is teach a small yoga class “ I say blushing madly as I try not be to obvious about my need to pee

_

"Yoga! That means you're really flexible!" I say with a wink.

My feet are tapping really bad on the floor, I can't control them, I'm so desperate. I cross my legs the other way, to try to keep holding.

_

“ yeah it helps to relax and stuff “ I say blushing madly with a smile as rub my tighs together

_

"I can see that!" I say, trying to not look too much into your beautiful eyes.

My urge for the bathroom is making me tremble under the table, shaking my legs and blushing my face while I play with my long blonde hair.

"I can't hold on much longer" I thought "I have yo collect the courage to leave for a toilet break soon or I'll be in trouble"

As I try to speak up to ask you to pardon me for a moment, our waiter pops up with the food.

_

“ hey before we eat I need to head over to bathroom and freshen up “ I say getting up keeping my thighs together

_

"Oh, yes... G-go ahead!" I say, regretting you beated me on time. My legs still crossed thight, an hand in my crotch but covered by the tablecloth.

_

I quickly walk to the bathroom and to my dismay I notice an out of order sign and start walking by blushing madly sitting back down holding myself hoping you would not notice “ the bathroom is out of order “ I say blushing madly

_

I glanced at you the whole time, in part of envy because you get to use the toilet, in part because of how this dress looks sexy on you.

I feel a pinge in my bladder and a small leak on my panties.

"Fuck!" I whisper to myself, trying to control the damage.

I get back to reality when I see you seated in front of me, giving me the bad news.

"What a pity!" I say, avoiding to let my feelings flow over my face "we can't check our make-up" I say with a giggle, trying to calm myself down, to relieve some stress.

The bulge of my bladder makes my romper thigh, but I should focus on having a good date with you.

"Maybe it's better to eat, or our food will get cold!" I say, twitching my legs.

_

I start eating quickly “ yeah it’s a real shame I really wanted to check my make up “ I say grabbing my crotch as my bladder also spasms

_

"How's your food?" I ask quietly, munching my omelette.

"Mine's..." I start speaking when a little piece of yolk falls from the fork to my breast, specifically on my left tit, leaving a yellowish stain on my white braless romper.

_

I am grabbing my crotch as I rub my tighs together and notice the yolk fall on you’re breast “ umm my food is great but I normally wouldn’t wear it “ I say giggling trying to hide my need

“ so how are we going to get to the beach “ I say bouncing a little on my seat

_

"What...? Oh, fuck!" I swear out loud. "Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to swear, Katie!" my apologies fill the table between us.

"Could you help me remove the stain, deary?" I beg you, with my sweetest face. As you approach me, I notice your legs bouncing and shifting, just as mine.

" I thought to walk til the beach, do you mind? It's like 15 minutes far..." I answered.

_

My legs are bouncing a little “ I don’t mind the walk “ I say blushing as I help you clean up the stain noticing you’re legs are also a little bouncy

_

"Thank you really much!" I say, as your hand cleans the yolk stain from my breast. I feel like a mad urge to hug you and kiss you, but I know that's not appropriate between two friends.

In the meantime, my hands tremble to not hold my crotch and help hold my pee on as you are so close to me.

My feet, kicked the shoes off, bounced on the ground and made some sounds that makes people from other tables turn around.

"So, we agree to walk then.. " I say, regrettig it at the moment, thinking about my poor swollen bladder.

"Maybe I can find a toilet on the way there" i think

_

“ let’s hurry and finish eating so we can get starting “ I say sitting down and start holding my crotch

_

"Yeah, you're right!" I say, hoping not to spurt again in my lace white thong.

_

“ yeah “ I say blushing madly not caring if I don’t look lady like I just want to pee

_

After eating the last bite of my meal and sipping another glass, I say "excuse me for a moment, I think I left my money in the car."

"I'm literally moments away from peeing my panties" I think "maybe I can find a spot to pee behind my car, if I'm lucky"

I stand up, almost twisting my legs.

_

Maybe I can pee behind her car I say getting also twisting my legs “ I’ll come with if there is two of us I’ll go quicker “ I say a little bouncy

_

"Oh... ok!" I say, sweating because my plan blowed up.

I chin at the waiter and explain the situation: he don't seem to convince about my excuse, but he let us go.

Our shaking legs walked fast to the car and I feel my thong running up my ass, making me uncomfortable.

"Geez, I need to peeeeee!" I think, almost crying.

Approaching my car, I cross my legs and opened the passenger door, pretending to search inside.

_

My thong starts to feel uncomfortable as I begin to look around thinking to myself maybe I can wait for just the right moment to hide and pee” I think to myself

“ have you found you’re money yet “ I squirming

_

"Y-yes!" I say, feeling a trickle along my legs.

"Gasp! I leaked more!" I think, with teary eyes.

I squirm in place as I close my car and we begin to walk back to the restaurant. Then you say...

_

“ are you ok Sofia let’s hurry and start our walk “ I say blushing as I squirm in place as I feel some pee escape into my thong

_

"Yeah, sure, Katie! No problem, everything ok!" I say, squirming uncontrollably in place.

My need is getting bigger and bigger and I can't contain it anymore: it's obvious I'm dying for a pee, but somehow you seem to be distracted by something else...

My mind goes through thoughts like 'I'm ruining this beautiful date with Katie', 'I don't want her to think I'm a weirdo that pees herself' and 'please, God, help me hold it'.

We arrive at the cash register and pay for our meal. My legs keep shifting in place, crossing and uncrossing and the cashier asks us how the dinner went. So you answer...

_

It was good I was just wondering why the girls room was out of order “ I say blushing madly as I squirm

“ I hope Sofia doesn’t think I am wierd and holding my pee on purpose” I think to myself

_

"I was wondering that too!" I say, maybe a little too loud, anxious to know the answer.

The cashier explains us that, due to some plumbing issues, the girls' bathroom was out of order for the night, but we are more than welcome of using the men's room. He apologize deeply for the inconveniente.

We stare at each other. I WANT to use the bathroom as soon as possible, I'm on the verge of having an accident, but I don't want to be the one that delay our night out. I'm really shaking at this decision.

I look into your eyes.

_

I really don’t want to delay our night any more plus that I don’t want to use the men’s room maybe during our night I can go somewhere

“ no thank you we should be fine I just wanted to touch up on my make up “ I say giggling nervously as I squirm in place

_

"Yes, thank you!" I say, almost bent over by how much I need to pee.

I wonder if you need to pee too: I drank white wine during the night, maybe too much, while you drank only water. But it seems that I'm the one that's about to lose it.

My damp thong adheres my private area in a sexy way, arousing me a little... I watch you as I think this and I start blushing!

I feel my head dizzy... maybe because of the wine, maybe because I'm with you. Stop! I need to stop thinking about you THIS way. We are just friends...

"Do you mind if I take my heels off? They're killing my poor feet!" I say, with a smile.

_

“ no problem Sofia take them of if there bothering you “ I say blushing madly as I continue to squirm and feel a little pee on my thighs

“ I gotta hurry and think of a way to go or else “ I think to myself

_

Walking barefeet on the street to the beach, feeling the grass under the toes and your damned heels collected into an hand can make you feel free, maybe relieved. That is not the case: I'm agonizing, a river of urine almost spurting out of my crotch.

Sometimes I have to stop for a second to regain control: I pretend to feel something soggy under my soles or to drop my shoe, but in fact it's just a way of holding on.

I'm minutes away of peeing myself, and I feel another spurt, this time bigger and more noticeable. My crotch is all wet, my romper too; my hands fly to take control and all my belongings drop to the ground. My feet are wet and there's a little drops under me, signaling that I had done something embarassing.

Did Katie notice?

_

Katie notices Sofia and decides “ hey umm Sofia are you ok “ she says knowing what is going on but does this trying distract herself from the little spurts of pee going down her legs as she keeps her tighs together

_

Panic takes control and I feel my mouth spelling "yeah, no problem. Let's go to the beach now, we're almost there!"

I manage somehow to stop peeing my romper and try my best to mantain my dignity, avoiding to think that you noticed what just happened. But how could you not have noticed?

Anyway, I collect my stuff from the ground, craving for your help. Are you willing to bend down?

_

I don’t want to be embarrassed being the only one that needs to pee I want to wait till Sofia sees something I bend over and help her keeping one hand on my crotch as I feel some more come out and quietly wisper ohhh no

_

I'm so busy collecting my stuff, holding on and trying not to piss myself that I don't even notice that you leaked a little.

My only glimpse at you reveal that you're wearing a blue lace thong... extremely sexy. I wonder if you did that on purpouse on wearing such a nice piece of cloting on our date or... these kind of thoughts again! Sofia, stay focused! First you need to find a discreet way to relieve yourself and not to reveal Katie about your need!

As I stand up, my head turns around a bit: too much alcohol for the night! We started walking again, but my bladder still spasms.

"Do you mind if I lit a cigarette, Katie?" I ask, trying to look cool and keep my body busy, while we approach the beach.

_

“ I don’t mind “ I say looking distracted trying to find a discreet place to pee

“ I really hope I am not the only who has to pee and I really don’t want to stop what we are doing “ I think to myself as I try to hold squirming around

_

Arriving at the beach, we see that no one is around: we are alone on this immense land of sand, sea and nightsky.

I lit my cigarette and try to speak at you, but you are distracted by something else, I see it.

It's even more difficult to hold a full bladder walking on the sand, where each step can make you fall on the ground.

"Where do you like to sit , Katie? How rude of mine: do you want to smoke too?" I ask, bobbing my long legs up and down.

_

“ I am good thank you for offering “ I say squirming on the spot as a hear the water I quickly grab my crotch noticing you distracted aswell

_

I see you squirming and I think that you are cold: it's pretty windy at the beach at night. I just want to cover you and hug you and then kiss you... but stop! Not again!

My flow of ideas about you, your beautiful body with nothing on but that lace thong I saw before... gosh! Well, I was saying, I get distracted by that and my bladder kick on.

A spasm make me kneel down on the sand where we are and another jet of hot urine spurts out of my body. My romper is all see-through on my crotch are and I bet you can see my vagina if there were any light.

"I have to tell you something, Katie..." almost crying, I say.

_

I lift my dress and start holding my crotch feeling the wetness and almost crying as I feel the wetness not caring anymore “ I have something I have to tell you aswell “

_

"Oh, Katie! Sorry, I don't mean to ruin this beautiful night, but can I speak first? I'm going to explode otherwise..." I say, on the verge of crying, my hands deep on my crotch.

I see you lifting your dress while I speak,and this makes my interest peek, but I need to finish what I started.

"I... I need to pee so badly!" tears flow down my cheeks as my fingers get wet another time by the release of a little portion of my bladder.

_

“ I also need to pee It’s about to come out “ I say blushing madly as I hold my crotch tightly as bounce foot to foot

_

"Really? That's why you were so distracted tonight? So I don't bore you?" I ask, blushing too with my tears still dropping from my cheeks to the sand.

"We are desperate to pee together" I laugh. Not a smart move: another little jet of pee escape through my crotch and my fingers.

Your little dance with your dress lifted up hypnotize me for a moment, but the urge of my swollen bladder wake me.

"We better find a bathroom soon, or we'll piss ourselves!" I say "Please help me get up, I'm stuck! I'm afraid if I move I'll pee!"

_

I help you get up as little pee comes out as I grab my crotch “ yeah we need to find one fast do you know where there at “ I say keeping my legs crossed and holding my crotch in tears

_

"Thank you, Katie!" I say, while I get up and cross my legs immediately. My inner legs are all wet and sandy and my feet too. I'm a mess, I think.

I hug you to keep my balance and our faces are so close! I hope I'm not the only one of us involved romantically... That's so stupid! I don't have to think to kiss you anymore, I just have to piss!

"I don't really know. Maybe we can try in that bar I planned for our night, but it's 5 minutes away... Or we can go outdoor...?" I say, anxious to hear your answer. I'm a bit too shy to pee outside a toilet, but this is an emergency.

_

“ I don’t think I can wait 5 minutes so we have to do it outside I just don’t know where and how because one of us is going to have to stand guard” I say rubbing my tighs together as I hold my crotch

_

"You're right, I can't hold on either!" I say desperately. "Maybe we can go behind those beach cabins..."

We approach the cabins slowly and with our hands deep in crotches: I observe you as you walk ahaed of me, your ass exposing in this sexy lace thong...

"And now that we are here: who goes first?" I say, dancing where I stand to keep my pee in.

I'm about to pop and you are too...

_

“ I really don’t know I am litterly about to pop “ I say grabbing the sides of blue lace thong as I keep my thighs together rubbing them and crossing them

_

"You're going to hate me for this, but can I go first, Katie?" I ask you, begging for your pity for my situation.

My feet are dancing pretty badly up and down at the moment and I can't help to feel a warming sensation spreading across my vagina. I'm starting to pee.

_

“ Sofia please don’t I am litterly about to pull down my thong you see how wet it is” I say grabbing them and pulling them down slowly

_

"I understand, Katie! Sorry! I... I'll stand guard!" I say, keeping an eye on your womanhood slowly exposing.

Hands in my crotch, my silent dance continues while I hear you hissing...

_

“ I think we have enough cover for us to go together “ I say blushing as you see my thong at my mid thighs

_

"Yes, you're right!" I can't believe my ears. That's what I wanted for all night: a relieving pee!

I try to reach my zipper in my back, but it's somewhat stuck. Agonazing, I try to reach it and unstuck it, but it's no use. Your pee sound is not helping me.

"Please, unstuck this little bastard for me, before I'll pee my panties" I say, almost shouting. I'm sweating...

_

As I am squatting I reach over and help you with you’re zipper giving a sigh of relief “ I really had to pee “ I say blushing madly

_

"I can see that!" I say, while your jet of piss becomes stronger and stronger near my feet. And also more loud: an hissing that makes me really uncomfortable...

As you try to help me, I feel I can't control myself anymore. The hand I got in my crotch becomes wetter and wetter and I can't fight it: I'm pissing myself.

_

“We are almost there “ I say as my pee stream begins to die down

_

I start cry and whimper in my romper. "i CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!" I shout.

With a quick movement, I unzip almost brutally my romper, pull it down and slide my panties to one side, so my exposed trimmed vagina could erupt in a strong jet of piss.

"Oh, fuck!" I say, exhausted. My breast is out, revealing to you and anyone on the beach, as my crotch area.

I pee fiercefully for a minute, splashing my legs, feet, thong and lower side of romper.

_

“ ohh wow “ I say blushing madly as I admire you’re naked body

_

My eyes turn to the sky while I pee. I can't stop now that I started. I'm erupting more and more, my bladder is emptying itself.

I regain conscience of myself as I see you looking at my tits, then at my vagina, then at my tits again.

"Do you like what you see, Katie?" I say, still peeing, but now also blushing.

_

All I can do is nod as I pull up my thong after I finish peeing

_

My stream dies slowly and in constant pace, while I check your legs and ass and breast and everything. I like you! There's no way to deny it! I really like what I'm seeing! And I like you, a lot!

As I stand up from my crouched position and adjust my romper, you did something that I didn't expect.

_

I quickly lean in and kiss you pull you away “ I I can’t” I say pushing you a side walking away in a fast pace

_

Still half naked, I watch you as you walk away. I can't believe what I just experienced: I recieved a kiss from you, the girl I like, the girl I just had a wonderful and disastrous date with. I'm in shock.

I would like to run after you, to catch you and kiss you in the sand right here, but I feel like that's not what you want.

You said you can't. A tear drops by my cheek.

So I shout at you. A dumb move indeed, but I don't know what to do...

___

And that was the little story that came out! Hope you guys enjoyed! I tried to not contaminate it too much, leaving all the spelling and grammatical errors because that was the way we wrote it.

The user that wrote this story with me is willing to do some more RP, so maybe you'll read another chapter of the story. A big thank you to this user, without them it wasn't possible to write this amazing story :)

*002*2018-04-13 13:00

{{17 minutes ago, Ktpq said:

It was an amazing read I cannot wait to read the next chapter hopefully the user is willing to do a sequel

}}

Thank you! They already said they're up for a sequel, and I'm too (really into lol). I just need to take some work off my shoulders and I'll be in for that :)

*004*2018-04-13 15:18

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you! Always glad to recieve such compliments from you! :)
