A day of no Bathrooms Part 1

Author: ShadowPhantom

*000*2017-12-02 03:52

This is a slight background to the story: Due to a city problem, bathrooms were unusable all around the city where Amy lives. This was a day, when you either had to hold it, or find a different solution. Unluckily for Amy, she has a weak bladder and can't hold it for very long.

Monday morning. The morning that everyone dreads, and hopes will be over quickly. Amy is enjoying a dream. A sweet dream. One that she hopes will not end, but it does. Her alarm blares and startles her. She wakes up, slowly opening her eyes, and then closing them again because her room was too bright. Her eyes weren't prepared for such a sudden wake up. She waited a bit, and then slowly opened her eyes again, allowing them to adjust. "Ugh, another nasty Monday", she muttered to herself, and then sat up in her bed. The movement caused her to realize that she needed to use the bathroom.

She got up and exited her room. Her mom heard her from downstairs. "Sweetie, you can't use the bathrooms. There is a City Wide problem. It should be fixed soon", she said, just loud enough for Amy to hear. Amy stood frozen. This was a problem, but the fact that she had to go to school was even more of a problem! What was she going to do. She stood there, crossing her legs while pondering a solution. What about diapers. She can make it to the store before the start of school and grab some. It will cost her lunch money but she can't eat anyway, or she will need the bathroom even more. She settled on that solution, but what about now. There is no way she can wait until she gets to the store. She really needs to go. She decided to go in bed and then tell her mom it was an accident. She doesn't usually wet the bed, but it happens on occasion so her mom is used to it.

"Honey, breakfast is ready. Come downstairs soon!", she heard her dad call. "Ok, give me one second", she said in response. A quick pee in bed and then breakfast and then school and then homework and then dinner and sleep and the week just keeps going on. Amy couldn't wait for winter break, which was right around the corner. This week, and another, and then the week after that is pure freedom. Ok, time to pee the bed, she thought. She was kind of excited to do it. Accidents are one thing, but doing it deliberately is another.

She sat down onto her bed, moving away her covers. The less laundry, the better. She thought about taking off her panties as well, but decided not to. Its not like they are that big of a deal to wash anyway. Pushing a bit, she felt it coming. After a few seconds, she began to pee. As she saw the pee come out and soak into her panties, she stopped herself. It was very surprising she was even able to stop. With her weak bladder, she usually can't do it. She surveyed what she'd done. Wow. She actually peed in bed.

Even if it was just a drop, she still peed while sitting in bed. On purpose. She felt guilty for feeling aroused, but she just went with it. If she must pee the bed, then she better make the best of it. After a few seconds, she pushed some more. It came quick. she could see the pee start coming out. It glistened on her panties. The pee began to puddle up under her, forming a 1 inch deep pool of pee. She couldn't stop. She just kept urinating on the sheets. No protection. The pee was very yellow. She could see the color clearly. 10 seconds passed and the stream didn't weaken. She just kept going.

"Amy, whats taking so long. Breakfast will get cold", her mom called. Oh no. That meant she would likely come upstairs to her room. This wasn't good. She pushed out the rest of her pee and stood up. Her suspicions were right. She could hear her mom coming upstairs. Amy looked back at the bed. The pee already soaked in. Good. She didn't want her mom to know it was recent. Amy just stood there, pee dripping off her panties onto the carpet.

Her mom opened the door and came in. Amy put on a disappointed face. "Oh Amy. Why didn't you just tell me you had an accident. Its ok. Go dry yourself off and change into school clothes. Sink and shower doesn't work so you can't wash. Oh well, we'll survive today.", her mom said. Amy felt relieved. She didn't want her mom to be stressed or mad over this. She grabbed her towel from her door and went into the bathroom. She took off her soaking wet panties and dried off her private area with the tower.

Then she went and tossed the dirty stuff into the laundry basket and went back to her room to get school clothes. Her mom already took off the wet sheets and put them in the laundry basket. Her mom left the room with the laundry, giving Amy her privacy. Amy grabbed new panties, some blue jeans, a bra, socks, and finally, a shirt. She quickly pulled it all on. She felt the stickiness in between her legs from the pee. It felt slightly uncomfortable. She grabbed her backpack and walked downstairs to eat breakfast. Her dad looked at her, but didn't want to embarrass her any more than she already was so he kept quiet.

After finishing her breakfast, Amy grabbed her backpack and headed out the front door. She said goodbye to her mom and dad, and gave them a hug before rushing out of the house, closing the door behind her. She needed to make that trip to the store before she got to school. Looking at her watch, she had just enough time, but she had to hurry. The store was only a few blocks away and it was on the way to her bus stop anyway. 5 minutes later, she was at the store.

She entered and quickly ran to where she would find adult diapers. Scanning the shelves, she spotted a box of 10. She quickly grabbed it off the shelf and ran to the cash register. 6.99$. She had 8$. Perfect. The cashier gave her a strange look. She can read what he was thinking. Why is this girl rushing to buy diapers on a Monday morning before school. The guy didn't say anything. He just put the diapers in a bag and gave her 1$ change. Amy exited the store and went around the corner where no one would see her. There, she took the package out of the plastic bad and put it in her backpack.

She was rushing for nothing. She made it to school a half hour early. She went to the usual place she goes to. In schoolyard near a big tree. That's where she and her friends chill before school starts. As she approached the tree, she saw both her friends there. Ella, one of her friends, was giggling about something. Amy looked down at her other friend's crotch area. A little dot of wetness was visible. That's probably what Ella was laughing about. Eric, her second friend, was blushing like a tomato.

"Hey guys. No bathrooms huh?", Amy said, teasing Eric. "Well you see, I didn't pee my pants at home like you do probably did. I waited until school", he said jokingly. "Too bad for you", Ella replied, giggling again. "Well girls, the bell's about to ring. You won't get the satisfaction of watching me piss myself just yet", he announced, before turning to head for the school. Amy and Ella followed. They walked into the front doors just as the first period bell rang. They all parted ways for their first classes, but they all meet again in English class 3rd period. Amy hoped Eric would hold it until then so she can play around with him some more.

Part 2 is on the way. Tell me if you liked this!!!

*002*2017-12-02 22:58

Read part 1 if you'd like. It is highly recommended considering this continues right after part 1 so you won't understand whats going on. Hope you enjoy

Amy scaled the stairs up to the 4th floor, which was the highest floor in their school. Walking down the hall, she looked around at everyone else. Some people were laughing with their friends. Some were just quietly getting by. Posters of a school play hung on the walls. Amy reached room 405, her Algebra class, and entered. "Heeeey, Amy is here", exclaimed Justin. Amy knew he liked her, so she made sure to pay the least attention to him. To tease him. To play with his emotions. It was quite entertaining. "Ah Justin. Whatcha doing", Amy asked. "Looking at you of course, beautiful", complemented Justin. Amy blushed slightly, and relied "Thank you", before sitting down in her seat. Justin sits 2 seats in front of her in her row. He turned around. "So how was your 'No Bathroom' morning", Justin asked, smiling. Amy blushed even more.

"Well, you tell me yours first then, and Ill tell you mine after", Amy said. "Ok, ok. Fair enough", Justin agreed. "So. It all began like normal, with me waking up", he started. "How cute, Justin and Amy", said Tom as he walked into the class. "What are you guys chatting about", he asked, sitting down next to Amy. "Nothing Tom. Nothing at all", Amy replied, in hopes of making him leave. She didn't really like Tom. He always thinks he is better than everyone and can be a bully at times. "Nothing huh? Well, you sure were talking about something", he persisted. "Tom.. Just... go away", Amy puffed.

"Aw c'mon. No need to be rude Amy". to Amy's relief, Mrs.Rayen entered the room. Everyone turned their attention to her. "Good morning class. Everyone please go to your assigned seats and then begin the Do now, which I will put up on the board momentarily", she explained. Rayen was a simple teacher. Not mean, but not too nice either. Just a regular teacher. Amy pulled out her notebook and a pencil and began to write down the do now. A simple equation was on the board. Nothing Amy couldn't solve. "Need help Amy?", Justin whispered, turning to face Amy. Amy giggled quietly. "Its ok. But thank you", she whispered back. "Justin. Focus on your work", Mrs.Rayen told Justin sternly. The whole class laughed slightly. Most of the class knew Justin liked Amy.

The period flew by quickly. They just reviewed for a test and nothing else happened. Just old stuff Amy already knew well. Next class was Social Studies. Probably one of the most boring classes ever. Not that Amy hated history, but it's the way her teacher, Mr.Borley, taught the class. He literally read out of the textbook. Well, not literally, but most of his information came from the textbook. When a test came, he simply told the class to read the textbook as review.

Amy gave up on that class at this point. She just hoped it would go by quicker. There isn't anyone in her social studies class who really talks to her, or is a friend, so Amy usually just does her work. Second period was definitely longer than first, but Amy survived. Now... its 3rd period. English, where Amy, Eric, and Ella would reunite. Amy's frown quickly flipped to a smile as she strolled through the hall heading to English. She walked into the classroom and was greeted with 2 excited faces from Ella and Eric. Amy sat down in the seat between them, Eric on her right and Ella on her left.

"So Eric, did you survive?", Amy asked. Eric nodded nervously. "As you can see", he replied in a strained voice. Amy could tell he wasn't far from losing the battle between him and his bladder. Ella leaned over to Amy and whispered "You should tickle his". Amy giggled at the great idea. "No, come on guys. Please don't do anything", Eric pleaded jokingly. "No Mercy", Amy exclaimed as she reached out and pushed on Eric's pressure point. Eric let out a squeal and his hands shot to his crotch. Amy could tell he lost control a bit. She saw the pee glistening on his shorts as he released a small drop.

"No No, stop it", he laughed. Amy was on the ready to strike again, but then the teacher came in to Eric's rescue. It was a substitute. Even better. Those usually give out a sheet and sit at the teachers desk doing nothing, and considering that they sit in the back of the classroom, they were safe to continue their attack on Eric, who was having a hard time holding it. Amy and Ella waited for the teacher to repeat the same exact thing all substitutes say every time.

"Your teacher is out, and she left some work for you. If you finish your work, you can talk quietly". The fact that she even let the class talk was rare, so they were lucky. Upon receiving the sheet, Amy looked over it and assessed the difficulty. Nothing hard at all actually. Just a small story and 5 questions. To speed up the work, the trio split the questions between each other. Amy does 2, Eric does 2, and Ella gets to do the last one, which is the Critical Thinking question. The one that takes more work than the others.

They flew through the assignment. It was a story about a girl who moved into a new school and met some new friends who were extra nice to her and helped her get used to the school. The questions were directly out of the text, except the last one, which wasn't too hard either. They all traded answers to the questions they each did, and then handed in their work to the teacher. Only 10 minutes passed. 35 minutes left until the end of the period. Amy smiled. Eric was not going to survive until 4th period. She wasn't going to let him. They sat back down at their seats. Fear was visible in Eric's eyes. "Alright Eric. Lets play a game. Its called Truth or Dare", Amy suggested, grinning. "Truth or Dare? Of course we should play", Ella chimed in. Eric breathed out the air he was holding. "F Fine. Ill play", he agreed.

"Ok, Ella, Truth or dare", asked Amy. Ella had a look of surprise on her face. She didn't expect Amy to start with her. "Uhhhhhh", Ella stalled. "Ok, Ill pick for you", Amy said. "nononononon. Truth", Ella quickly answered. "Is it true... that you need to go pee", asked Amy. Ella blushed slightly, and responded with a yes.

Sorry for the sudden end. This will continue right where it left off in part 3. Please let me know what you think!

*007*2017-12-04 05:59

Read part 1 and 2 prior to this. Hope you enjoy :D

It was Ella's turn to ask someone. She asked Amy, hopefully to get revenge for Amy asking her first instead of Eric. "Ok Amy. Truth or Dare", Ella asked. Amy scratched her chin sarcastically. "Dare", she replied proudly. Ella smiled evilly. "You made a big mistake".

"Well, what terrible things do you have in store for me", asked Amy. Ella began to flip her vast options through her mind. She can tell Amy to do absolutely anything. "I dare you... to put your hand in between your legs and pee a bit on your hand and then lick your hand", Ella explained. "Well, I don't exactly need to go or anything, but I'll try", replied Amy. She reached her hand and put it on her crotch, and then pushed. She felt nothing coming, but then a little bit began to come out. She felt wetness on her hand and stopped instantly. "Alright, now lick it", Ella restated. Amy moved her hand to her mouth and touched her tongue with her wet fingers. It was salty, but not as bad as she thought it would be. Ella was giggling uncontrollably. Eric laughed a bit as well. "Whats going on back there girls?", the substitute asked. Eric quickly responded, "Oh Nothing. We were just talking about our weekend".

"Alright. Just whisper please. Some people are still working", the teacher said, before going back to his newspaper

"Well, now its my turn", Eric reminded. Ella stopped giggling. "Ella, truth or dare", he asked. "Truth of course", she replied instantly. Eric gave her a disapproving look. "Really. You're gonna be this lame the entire game?", he asked, insisting her to choose dare. "Fine. Next time Ill pick dare. For now, its truth", she agreed. Eric sighed in disappointment. He had a good dare in mind. "Ok um.... is it true that you like me?", he asked. "As a friend", Ella replied smiling.

She liked Eric a bit, but obviously she didn't want to admit it. Besides, teasing guys is fun. Behind the who 'tough' thing, guys have a very soft spot. Playing with their emotions is easy if a guy likes you. Ella loves to do that. It was Amy's turn to ask once again, and this time, she asked Eric. "Truth or Dare?", she asked with extra enthusiasm. "Tru- Dare", Eric replied. "Ok. I dare you..", Amy began, trying to intimidate him with her voice. "To go up in front of the class and do 5 jumping jacks", she finished. Eric was slightly confused at the dare, but got up without hesitation.

"Wow, he didn't even complain about that dare", Ella commented in surprise. Amy hoped that the jumping jacks would cause him to shake up his bladder enough for him to pee himself. Eric walked up to the front and the substitute looked up. Then Eric began to do jumping jacks. A confused look appeared on the teacher's face. Ella and Amy began to laugh hysterically and the class also laughed a bit, but was mostly confused at the random event. Once Eric was done, he went back to his seat.

Amy was disappointed. Her plan didn't work. Just as Ella was about to ask Eric to do another dare, a shy girl named Brianna raised her hand. She was average height and very skinny. She had black, wavy hair which reached to her shoulders. Her eyes were blue. She was very pretty, or at least most guys said. The teacher only saw her hand after a minute or so. "Yes? Whats your question", the teacher asked. "Um. Is there anywhere I can go to the bathroom?", she asked quietly. "Nope. Not really. You just gotta survive today and they should have it fixed tomorrow", the teacher responded. Brianna groaned as she crossed her legs and returned to her book.

"Ok, anyway. Eric. Truth or Dare", Ella asked, turning the group's attention back to the game. "Uh... Maybe Truth this time", he said hesitantly. "Wow, you're gonna be this lame", Ella imitated. Eric sighed. "Fine. Dare", he agreed. Ella smiled. "Well then Eric. I dare you, to go up to Brianna, and ask her if she wants to pee herself with you", said Ella. "Oh cmon. Seriously?", Eric complained. "Yes. Dead. Fully. Entirely. Serious", she replied. Eric nervously got up, but then sat back down. "No. I gotta turn this one down", he refused. "Ummm. You were telling me that I'm lame. Look at yourself", she criticized. "Well, you said truth either way, so you were lame before I was. That means we are even", Eric justified.

"Ok, but then if you don't do this, I wont do dares", Ella stated. Amy snickered at the argument they were having. "Fine. Don't do dares, but there is no way I'm going up to Brianna and saying such a thing. I still have to survive the rest of this year without having everyone laugh at me", he explained. "Ok Ok Ok Mr.Boring. Whatever", Ella responded. Then she asked him a truth question, "Is it true, that if you get tickled, you might pee yourself?", she asked.

"I don't like where this is going, but technically yes", Eric responded cautiously. It was now Eric's turn to ask. Since he knew Ella would only do truths, he asked Amy. "Amy, I dare you to get up on your desk and do a dance", he said. Amy laughed at the idea, and stood up. She slowly got up onto the desk and began to jump around a little, while still making sure she doesn't fall. The teacher didn't notice at first but once he did, he gasped in surprise. "Get down right NOW. If you fall, guess who is paying the hospital bill!!", he shouted. Amy immediately got down, leaving the class laughing.

"What are you kids doing back there anyway. Stop playing that stupid dare game. You know what. That's it. Now more quiet talking. Everyone take out a book. I want complete silence in here", he demanded. Everyone looked at Amy with anger and disappointment. "Well now that Amy saved you the trouble of getting everyone to hate you, can you go up to Brianna", Ella persisted. Eric shook his head.

"Nope, Im good", he whispered in response before taking out a book. The period ended shortly and Everyone rushed out to head to lunch except Brianna. Amy looked over her shoulder as she was about to leave the room and saw Brianna shaking in her seat and whimpering. Amy turned around and went up to Brianna. She placed her hand on Brianna's shoulder and leaned in to face her. "Are you alright", Amy asked. Brianna shook her head. "I really need to go. I don't know what to do", she cried quietly. Amy looked back and saw Eric and Ella standing in the door way waiting for Ella. The substitute gave Amy and Brianna an annoyed look. "Look, you gotta leave. Class is over".

"Don't you see the girl crying, or are you blind", Amy barked. She needed to step up for Brianna. "How dare you speak to me like that. Do you want to see the principal", he threatened. "Screw you, insensitive asshole", Amy lashed out. She might regret it, but she wasn't in the mood to deal with him. The substitute stood up and began stomping towards Amy. Once he got to Amy, he took her firmly by her wrist and began to take her out of the classroom. "Oh this isn't good", Ella murmured to Eric, who nodded. As the substitute left the room, Eric and Ella walked in and went up to Brianna. "I I don't want h her to get in trouble because of me", Brianna stuttered. "Its ok. You have nothing to do with this. Is there any way we can help you?", Ella asked.

"I'm not sure how you can. I really need to pee", Brianna said. "Well, I really need to go as well, and there are no bathrooms. I'll probably end up wetting myself sometime at lunch. I can't hold it anyway. It's ok if you do it too. Today, there are going to be many accidents and there is no shame. Today is an exception to shame when it comes to this", Eric explained. Brianna looked at him like he was crazy. "Pee myself???", she asked, to make sure she heard him right. "Yeah. If you want, I can do it here right now", Eric said bravely. Brianna continued to look at him with a look of surprise but then seemed to understand. "But isn't it disgusting", Brianna asked. "Well, it feels warm and kind of nice, so not really", Eric responded, admitting to have peed himself before. Ella was extremely excited. I guess Eric did her dare after all.

"Ok, you first", Brianna said. Eric stood up straight. He relaxed his bladder muscles which were hurting from holding it. The pee came instantly. It hissed in his shorts as it quickly soaked his boxers before moving down both his legs. His black shorts began to shine from the wetness. The pee filled his sneakers and stained his socks yellow. A large puddle began to form under his shoes. 20 seconds later, the stream weakened to a stop leaving Eric completely soaked. There was a look of relief on his face. A look of pure happiness. "Wow. You actually did it", Brianna said in surprise, thinking this was all a joke. "But your shorts are black so its not visible", Brianna complained. Eric looked down. pee was dripping from his shorts and they were glistening from being soaked. "Its kinda visible to me", he disagreed.

"Ok, fine. Ill do it", said Brianna. She sat up in her chair and looked down at her crotch to watch herself do it. She slowly relaxed her muscles. A bit of pee leaked out and became visible on her jeans. She instantly stopped herself. "No... this will be so embarrassing", she said, but she knew that it was too late. Before she knew it, she lost control and pee began to slowly stream into her jeans the pee puddled in her chair and leaked off the edges of her chair onto the floor. She just peed and peed for the next 30 seconds.

After she was done, she was relieved, but was in disbelief. Her face became red like a tomato. She surveyed the situation. Her whole butt was wet and her jeans were a bit wet in front. "Its ok. Ill do it to so you don't feel left out", Ella offered, trying to comfort Brianna. "If anything, it'll be very visible on me. I'm wearing gray leggings", she added. "Its ok, but if you want to. Go ahead", Brianna responded shakily. Ella just nodded, and began to push out her semi full bladder.

The end of Part 3. Comment your opinions !!! :)

*011*2017-12-05 03:25

Here is part 4. I appreciate the support! Thanks everyone.

Ella relaxed, letting go of her bladder. The pee didn't come right away, but began to stream in a bit. The stream started small, before becoming stronger. The urine trickled down her left leg, creating a dark stain on her leggings wherever it poured. Ella stood there bravely in front of her already soaked classmates, peeing herself without embarrassment or fear. She finished a lot quicker than Eric and Brianna. her bladder wasn't nearly as full. There were 3 puddles on the floor and 3 soaked pairs of pants. Silence lingered for a while as the excitement died down, and the 3 began to realize that they just wet themselves in school, and they still have more than half of the school day to go. Eric was first to break the silence.

"Well... now what?", he asked, searching for advice from the 2 girls. "Well, you are the one who started this idea, so solve it", Ella proposed. Eric nodded. "Ok, Ill solve it. Just ignore the fact you peed yourself and continue your day. Piece of cake", he replied, making a hand motion as if to shake dust off his hands. At that, he began to leave the room. The girls on the other hand, weren't prepared to face the rest of the school in their current state. Eric was lucky to be wearing shorts that dont show wetness. They, on the other hand, had a major problem with hiding the fact that they wet themselves. Ella shrugged. "Maybe it won't be that bad", she offered, and slowly began to walk towards the exit. Brianna stood up, pee dripping from her butt, and followed Ella. Eric already vanished into the halls.

"Amy. You have got to be serious. What the hell has gotten into you?", the principal, Mrs.Mahers, asked Amy furiously, but also with extreme curiosity. "100, 95, 93, 99, 96. Those are flawless averages for all your classes, and now I hear this? Is everything alright?", Mrs.Mahers asked. Amy had her head down, staring at the floor in shame. She didn't regret lashing out at the substitute but she did not intend to disrespect her principal, who thought highly of her. "The reason for my behavior was that the substitute was not treating students, or a student in this case, fairly", replied Amy, trying to explain herself. "Explain", the principal said. Amy explained what happened in the class. Mahers was now looking at the substitute. She motioned for the teacher to come closer, and then whispered something in the substitute's ear.

Then, Amy was dismissed without further consequences. Amy smiled. It seems like the principal might have a nice talk with the substitute and perhaps even fire her. At least she received no punishment. Amy's crystal clean record has to be maintained. Amy began to walk back to the class to check on Brianna, but ran into Eric on the way. "Um, hey Eric. Where is everyone else?", she asked, slightly confused. "Well, things... took a wrong turn.", he replied, followed by a laugh. Amy's face showed even more confusion. "A wrong turn?", she asked slowly, afraid to hear the response. Eric looked down at his pants. Amy did the same. After a few seconds, she realized that Eric had wet himself! She burst out into laughter. "Shh, cmon. Stop it", Eric shushed. "But. You actually. y'know. Wow", she replied in between giggles.

"Yeah, well. today is a day when everyone wets themselves", he said, giving Amy a wink, hoping that Amy would wet herself as well, but judging by her face, she wasn't going to. They both returned to the classroom, where Brianna and Ella just got the bravery to exit the room. "Oh,wow. Ok. I see what you meant when it took a wrong turn", Amy said. Brianna looked at Amy with a guilty face. "Did I get you suspended?", she asked nervously. Amy chuckled. "Of course not, but I think you did get the substitute fired", she replied. Brianna's face lit up. She felt relieved so much that she forgot she was in wet jeans.

"So, uh. I guess we can go find the heaters and try to dry our pants", Ella offered. Their school had heaters in the stairwells so they can go there and try to make their accidents less noticeable. They only had 20 minutes left in the period. They rushed to the nearest stairwell and entered. It didn't take them long before they found a large metal heater. They leaned up against it. Amy stood across from them. They decided to spend the time chatting, and also introducing Brianna to their friend circle. Things weren't that bad after all.

The custodian walked around into the bathrooms and was disgusted. The floors were entirely soaked with pee and logs of poop lay around all over the place. This day was a disaster. He sighed. I guess the students didn't have much choice. He also found the occasional few puddles in classrooms and corners or rooms and stairwell. He hoped the bathrooms would be repaired soon so he wouldn't have to deal with such a disaster. He looked back at his childhood. He was the cool kid in class all the time. He was beyond popular among everyone. He got so caught up in his popularity that he didn't pay attention in school. He regretted that so much. If only he gave up the stupid popularity and actually put effort into schoolwork. Then maybe he wouldn't be stuck cleaning shit and piss after students because the plumbing was screwed. He began to cry quietly. After a few seconds, he wiped his eyes and returned to work.

Hope you enjoyed Part 4. Part 5 will be out soon. Let me know what you think and how I can improve.

*015*2017-12-12 05:24

Lunch was over, and it was time to head to class. Amy was going to be with Brianna this next class, while Eric and Ella would part ways. Amy had Science next, on the third floor. She walked with Brianna, and talked some more. Brianna's pants were almost entirely dry. Amy looked at them, and barely saw any wetness on her jeans. That when she remembered she brought diapers, and that she needed to go to the bathroom. She completely forgot. She told Brianna to head to class and that she would meet her there. Amt strayed off into the direction of the bathroom. She quickly entered and locked herself in the stall. The toilet had tape all over it saying that its out of order, and not for use. She pulled down her pants and took them off. Then she took out her diapers that she had in her bag, and unpacked the box. She took one out and began to put it on.

She didn't know how to do it for sure, so she read the back of the box for assistance. Before long, she had it on. The diaper wasn't thick, which was good. That meant it would be less noticeable. Amy slipped her pants back on and left the bathroom. She rushed to class, making it just in time. Brianna motioned for her to come sit where she is. The teacher, Mrs. Leya, began to hand out papers to complete for the "do now". Amy grabbed one from her on the way to her seat.

Brianna smiled, for no reason at all. She finally had friends who were real, and weren't going to betray her, or befriend her for a dare and then ditch her to laugh with their friends. No, these friends were real. She knew it. Amy looked at the sheet. Just some basic stuff on the environment. She discussed it with Brianna. they finished it in no time, so Amy took the spare time to scan the room. Suddenly, she noticed a few things. She noticed that there were at least 2 people with wet pants. One was a guy, who was fairly up in the ranks of popularity, and then a girl, who was pretty popular as well. Strange. it showed that Brianna wasn't the only one in this situation.

5 minutes passed and the teacher reviewed the questions on the sheet. Amy got them all correct. It wasn't surprising. Mrs. Leya began to discuss how everything in the environment works together. How the sun, the soil, the water, and everything contributes. Wait.. water!? Amy realized she needed to pee now, pretty bad. She knew she had a diaper, but she was still super scared. What if it made noise. What if it leaks. She looked back at the 2 students in the room with wet pants. Well if they wet themselves without a diaper, surely Amy could do it with one on. She slowly relaxed her bladder muscles. The pee began to leak slowly, warming the inside of her diaper. Brianna noticed the look on Amy's face.

One of stress and strain, and then relief. She got the picture, so she looked down at Amy's crotch, only so see nothing. Amy continued to urinate slowly, to make the least noise. The pee trickled into her diaper steadily, filling it up with the warm liquid. Amy felt comfortable and relieved. She didn't realize how great diapers actually were until now. She continued to let go, still a bit uneasy considering she was in class, and she was peeing herself. Brianna finally solved the puzzle. "Amy, are you in a diaper", she whispered. Amy nodded, the look of relief still painted on her face. Brianna just smiled.

Sorry for the abrupt cutoff. Had to go offline for soemthing.,

*019*2017-12-18 01:59

Amy was soon finished peeing, her diaper heavy and the bulge somewhat visible. Brianna and Amy continued to look over their work and comparing their responses to the answers the teacher was saying. After the teacher was done, they had 15 minutes left in the period. The teacher allowed everyone to talk quietly for the rest of the time while she went to her desk and got to work on the computer. Brianna turned to Amy. "Wow, so you actually brought a diaper", Brianna whispered in fascination. "Yeah. I thought I may need one considering the circumstances", Amy responded. Brianna's eyes were bright with surprise. "That's actually brilliant", she complemented. The class gradually got louder, so they could now talk without the fear of anyone hearing them.

They still had to talk in slightly lower voices. "Hey, would you be able to lend me one?", Brianna asked. Her jeans were already dry, and she didn't want to have another accident in them. Amy took one out and held it under her desk out of sight. She sneakily handed it to Brianna, who quickly stuffed it in her backpack and raised her hand. Mrs. Leya responded in a few seconds. "Yes, Brianna?", she asked. "I forgot something in a previous class, can I got get it", Brianna lied. The teacher nodded and Brianna bolted out the door. Amy was glad she could help.

Ella sat in her history class, alone without any of her friends. She was bored out of her mind. The class was so annoying. She grabbed a pen and began to fiddle with it, turning it around her fingers and flipping it. She glanced at the clock. 15 minutes left. Thank god. Hell was almost over. Her teacher collected the assignments the class did, giving Ella an angry look upon seeing the quality of the work she did.

"Alright everyone. Do homework, study, or read quietly for the rest of the period. Ella, I want to see you after class", the teacher said. Ella was furious. She did not want to spend any extra time in this class than she needs to, even if its only a few seconds. She rolled her eyes at the teacher when he made eye contact with her. "Keep rolling your eyes. It won't help your failing grade", he responded. The class laughed. Ella's face turned slightly red, both with anger and embarrassment. The teacher turned his attention to some paperwork and the class immediately erupted into chatter. Some people took out books like the teacher had instructed, but most people talked.

Ella sighed and put her head on her desk and shut her eyes. She needed to relax. Suddenly, just as she closed her eyes, she felt her stomach rumble. Her belly began to hurt. She felt the poop traveling down her body until it reached the exit point. She held it back. Her stomach hurt unbearably. She knew it would go away in a bit, but there is no way she can go without pooping for the rest of the school day. Her stomach made another disturbing noise as the urge eased and she was able to relax her muscles. Class was over in no time. Ella got up, which increased her pain but it wasn't too bad.

She could handle it for a bit more. Maybe her friends could help her next period. She was with Amy in Art class next. Ella slowly exited the classroom. "Ella, don't think you can just slip out like that", said the teacher. Ella turned around and walked up to him. He gave her a long lecture on grades and consequences for her actions. It entered in one ear and came out the other for the most part. Ella was busying her mind with other thoughts instead of listening to him. She simply nodded to make him think she was paying attention. She was then dismissed

Ella rushed into Art just in time and slipped into the seat next to Amy, unintentionally catching a glimpse of the strangely large bulge on Amy's jeans. Amy realized that Ella saw and whispered to her that she would explain in a sec. Once the second bell rang, Mr. Alleg walked up in front of the class and began to ask review questions from the other day. "So, does anyone remember what the 3 primary colors are called?". Amy raised her hand excitedly. Alleg pointed at her.

"Yellow, blue and red", Amy responded proudly. "Coooorrrrectt!", he called out jokingly. Amy smiled. She loved this class. Mr. Alleg continued to review things Amy knew, giving her a chance to have a chat with Ella. "So Amy, you have a diaper? And judging by the bulge, you peed in it already?", Ella asked in shock. Amy nodded, grinning with pride for her clever idea. Amy noticed the strain in Ella's voice. "Are you ok by the way?", Amy asked. Ella shook her head. "Well, I really really really really need to poop and I have no idea what to do. If you give me a diaper, that would be great.. if you have any", Ella explained.

"Of course Ill give you one. You can get out of class by saying you forgot something in another class like Brianna did when she borrowed a diaper from me", said Amy. Ella lit up with relief. Amy discretely handed Ella a diaper. Ella quickly raised her hand, interrupting Mr. Alleg. "Yes Ella", he responded. "Can I go get something from my previous class", she asked. "Well, the thing is, I have been asked this question so many times today. The bathrooms are already a mess and they are in the process of being locked, so how about you tell me the truth about where you are going, hmm?", said Alleg. Ella's heart sank deeper than the ocean. "Sir, I.. actually forgot my pencil case in another class", Ella continued. Alleg gave her a disapproving look before nodding and letting Ella go. Ella grabbed the diaper and put it under her shirt and then took her pencil case to make the whole thing look believable. She then quickly dashed out of the classroom.

Ella ran to the nearest bathroom to find that it is locked. Mr.Alleg was right. The bathrooms were closing. She was about to give up and poop her pants right there. She couldn't hold it any longer. She just wanted to give her body the satisfaction and the relief. Suddenly she remembered that she can go to the locker room. She rushed down the stairs, almost tripping.

Then she zoomed down the hall on the second floor before coming to a stop near the girls locker room. She turned the handle slowly, hoping more than anything that it will be open. Sure enough, she was able to pull down on the handle and push open the door. She jumped inside and closed the door behind her. Her breathing was heavy as she undressed, not even caring if there were people there. If there are people, it would at least be girls and not guys. She took off her leggings and panties and slipped on the diaper. She read the box for instructions. She never put on a diaper before, so she had no idea how to do it. Finally, she got it on successfully. The diaper was on her. She did it. The relief was incredible. She felt naughty for what she was about to do, but she didn't care. What was about to happen would be heavenly, so she didn't even think twice.

Amy sat in art class, awaiting for the review to be over, imagining what Ella is doing right now. She probably already made it to a bathroom and already put on a diaper. What if she didn't make it. What if she pooped her pants and is now embarrassed and has no idea what to do. Finally, Alleg finalized the review and began to teach something new. "Alright. Today, we will be starting our second yearly project. This one will involve shading, shadows, and light sources. This stuff is really important when it comes to art. It gives a picture true shape and beauty. Its like salt when it comes to food. You can't have food without salt, or desserts without sugar. Its that one vital spice that a drawing needs, and without it, it looks and feels incomplete", Alleg explained. Amy was paying extreme attention. She loved art. She even considered to become an artist when she grows up.

Ella let go of her muscles. The relief was orgasmic. The poop was like a liquid, but was also somewhat hard. Like a paste. It came out quickly as it filled her diaper and spread around her butt cheeks. it even went down and got all over her private parts. Ella squatted down and continued to fill her diaper with the smelly poop. the foul smell spread quickly, as it entered her nose, making her feel disgusted. She didn't care. The relief was too good for her to care about anything else at that point. Her diaper was very heavy, and she wasn't nearly done pooping. It was difficult to poop now, since there was no space left in the diaper. While she pushed, a pleasant warm stream of pee came out, making the poop even more mushy in her diaper. She was in middle school, and here she was, pooping and peeing her diaper as if she was 3 years old.

After she was done urinating, she tried to push some more. She managed to do it. More poop rushed out, pushing it all in front of her diaper and getting all over her legs and butt. She was finished. The heaven was over, and now she had to deal with the problem of what to do next. She couldn't go back to class in this diaper. No way, absolutely not. She began taking off the diaper. She opened it up. A hot smell instantly emitted from the diaper. Ella looked inside. It was a complete disaster.

She decided to use her panties to clean herself and then wear her jeans without panties. Ella felt a small urge to pee, so she peed in her hands and used that to wipe away her poop. She had no other choice. Urine didn't smell as horrible as poop did, so it was her best bet. She took her panties and wiped off the chunks of poop sticking to her body. After a few minutes of cleaning, she inspected the situation. It looked relatively fine. She had no other choice but to return to class. She already took way longer than she should have. She pulled on her jeans and grabbed her pencil case and ran out of the locker room, leaving the dirty diaper on the floor. Ella quickly jumped up the stairs and ran back to art class.

Amy's attention switched to Ella, who sprinted into class, startling everyone. Alleg noticed the pencil case in her hand and didn't say anything. She was glad she took it. Ella sat down and the class went back to what they were doing. Amy noticed the smell as Ella sat down. It was pretty bad, but not bad enough to spread through the entire class. Amy filled Ella in on what she missed and Ella continued on as if nothing happened, hoping no one would notice. Class flew by quickly, and sure enough, no one noticed anything. Amy and Ella were about to leave, when a strange noise came from the back of the classroom.

Amy turned around to see Daniel, a guy in her class, with his pants down, squatting on the floor. His eyes almost popped out of his head when he saw Amy turn around. He quickly moved his hand to cover his penis. He said nothing. His face gradually became redder and redder. Amy kept watching. Daniel had no choice. He had to go pretty bad. He removed his hands, revealing his now erect penis, and began to spray urine on the wall in the corner of the art class. He was out of sight of the teacher, and so was Amy and Ella, to not attract his attention.

Amy decided to scare the crap out of Daniel, more than he already was. She pulled out her phone and pointed the camera at Daniel. Her phone was off. She wasn't planning to record anything. She just wanted to see Daniel's reaction. Daniel instantly lost balance and fell over onto the floor, still peeing straight into the air, like a fountain. The urine was landing directly on his face. He grabbed his dick and turned it away so he would pee in another direction.

He tried to roll to the side to hide from Amy but he was slipping on the wet floor. He gave up and just lay there, pondering how screwed he was. He was soon done peeing so he got back up into squatting position and began to push. A few large logs came out and piled onto the floor. The corner of the room was a complete mess. He was soon done so he wiped with his underwear and left them there with the mess he made. He pulled on his shorts and then rushed out of the class. Luckily, Mr.Alleg was looking in the other direction and didn't notice.

Daniel ran up to Amy. "Amy, p-please delete that video", he cried nervously. He actually began to cry. Tears rolled down his eyes. Amy felt bad, but still giggled. "Its ok, there was no video. We just wanted to scare you. What happened stays with us. We won't tell anyone", Amy reassured him. Daniel thanked her and ran off. Once he was gone, Amy and Ella began to laugh hysterically. They were holding it in the entire time. After all their laughs were out, they parted ways and went to their last period classes.

This chapter was pretty long. Hope you guys liked it.

*021*2017-12-23 05:28

School ended soon and everyone Went home. The most difficult part of the day was over. Amy came home, and went to her room. Her mom already made her bed and washed everything. "Hey honey. How was school. Did you hold out okay?", Amy's mom asked softly. Amy nodded while smiling. The city wide problem was fixed later that day and everything went back to normal.

This is a quick resolution to the story. I guess I could have added more but its fine. Hope everyone enjoyed the entire thing. Hopefully I can start another story sometime soon. Thanks to everyone who stopped by and read it.

