Sabrina's Wet Revenge (vexer6)

Author: dogsrit2

*000*2015-05-30 15:08

Sorry if you were expecting it sooner, I had things to do with school ending next week.

###

Sabrina walked out of the lunch room in stained clothes from her latest run in with Libby. She would get her revenge after she got out of her dirty clothes. She easily got a changed and grabbed her spell book.

'Hmmm. This looks like it would be the perfect way to get back at her.' Sabrina thought as she made her way back to the lunch room.

"You came back for more," Libby said as she spotted her.

"No, just came back to actually eat something." Sabrina responded as she sat at a table. She set the open book down and slowly performed the spell. She knew it would be a few minutes before anything would happen. Sabrina easily started eating and keeping an eye on Libby.

Libby was hanging out with her friends on the other side of the room and talking about random things. She could feel her bladder filling up to quickly for her liking, but figured she could hold it until later.

She shifted her weight from one foot to the other as her bladder gave a slight pulse letting her know it was getting a little to full for it's liking. Libby sighed and excused herself from her friends.

Sabrina followed her out into the hall and watched as she danced around a little bit. She giggled at Libby's childishness. She felt her own bladder give a little pulse, but decided to ignore it favor of Libby's desperation.

Libby whined as she leaked more. She quickly walked towards the nearest bathroom. She held herself as she leaked with each step.

Sabrina followed behind her quietly and smiled as she saw the out of order sign on the door.

Libby wanted to cry as she noticed it. She knew she didn't have time to find another on as a large spurt wet her hands. She could feel her bladder starting to give up and let go of all the stored liquid inside.

Sabrina watched as a puddle started forming around the bully and making her own bladder give a sympathetic pulse. She heard the liquid splash against it self.

Libby sighed in relief as her bladder was finally emptied. She looked down at her ruined clothes and the large puddle. Tears came to her eyes as she looked around to see if anyone was around to spot her. She noticed Sabrina.

"Are you here to laugh at me?" Libby questioned.

"No, I was just heading to the bathroom myself." Sabrina replied.

"Well, you have to go somewhere else." Libby said.

"I guess," she responded as she crossed her legs. Sabrina inwardly groaned as her bladder gave a strong pulse. She knew she was gonna be in the same boat as Libby soon.

"Aww. Does the baby have to go?" Libby laughed.

"At least I'm not wet," Sabrina retorted. She gasped as she leaked. She quickly shoved her hands between her legs.

"Don't have too long now," Libby taunted.

Sabrina didn't respond as she let go and flooded her pants. It soon started to patter against the floor. She didn't hear Libby making some snide remark and figured they were even for the moment. Now, she needed a second change of clothes.

