Tsunade's Long Day : Naruto Shippuden

Author: Pain

*000*2015-07-02 18:15

Tsunade, the fifth Hokage of the Hidden Leaf Village, was the most skilled medical nin-jutsu user in the whole ninja world. She prided herself on being the strongest kunoichi , the likes of whom had never been seen before.

Her strength was so great that no one could stand equal to her in a combat, and her intelligence so high that even the village council looked at her with an eye of respect.

As a legendary medical-ninja, Tsunade truly was a role model for other medical-ninja to follow. Her first priority in any situation was the lives of others, a virtue she had started to follow after losing her own loved ones.

Tsunade’s personality could have been compared to a rock, tough and sturdy even when facing great personal difficulty. She believed that a learned and experienced kunoichi like her always needed to be in control of the situation and not the other way round.

Despite being feared by the whole village for her monstrous and quick temper , Tsunade was quite a reasonable person. She always had the patience to listen to anyone who wanted to say something to her regardless of the fact that she usually kept very busy with her duties as the Hokage.

Beneath her tough exterior, Tsunade truly loved her village and its people and was ready to even sacrifice herself for them. She believed that just like all the previous Hokage , it was her duty to protect Konoha no matter what may come.

Everyone in the village held her in high esteem and followed her decisions with their eyes closed.

There was not a single one who could raise a question against her wisdom, except for one boy in particular who thought he knew better than her.

Tsunade had always been a compulsive gambler, with a losing streak due to her terrible luck. Even while holding the revered position of the Hokage , she just could not bring herself to put a stop to this addiction of hers. But she also made sure that her obligations as the village leader didn’t suffer due to her habits . Each morning, she would reach her office on time and devotedly attend to her duties regardless of how her mood would be. She knew she was at a position of great influence now, and that any slackness from her side could cause the village a great deal.

That morning however, Tsunade felt far from okay. Something was not right. Instead of waking up to the chirping birds who flew around her mansion and the warm sunlight seeping in through the window, she was seemingly being awakened by the sound of Shizune’s voice, and it sounded like she was in her room.

“Lady Tsunade, what are you doing in bed?! Have you forgotten about your meeting with the Feudal Lord of the Land of Fire?!”

Tsunade slowly opened her eyes and saw that her doubts were in fact correct .

Shizune was standing right beside her bed, hands on her hips and wearing a look of disapproval on her face.

“The meeting starts in five minutes. Get up or else you‘ll be late!” Shizune grumbled before she left the room, banging the door behind her.

Tsunade sat up on her bed and rubbed her eyes, still feeling tired from the day before. It took her a while to orient herself to the room. However, it wasn’t long before she gathered her senses and the reality of the situation came crashing down upon her- she was going to be late for the meeting!

What kind of an impression would have it made on others if the Hokage herself was to show up late?

Tsunade leapt out the bed in one swift motion and stopped to take a look at the clock, not believing this could possibly be true. She had always been an early riser and had rarely been late to her office let alone for meetings so crucial as the one today .

However as soon as she saw the time on her clock her eyes widened in disbelief.

This is impossible, she thought. How could have I overslept ? It’s almost noon.

Then it all came back to her. Last night they had gone to a pub and Tsunade had quite a bit to drink. Even after Shizune’s repeated warnings , Tsunade had consumed enough liquor to lose her senses. She just couldn’t stop herself. She missed Dan and her brother Nawaki, and the only way to douse her sorrow was to drink until she forgot about them. They had not returned home until it was almost four in the morning. And by then Tsunade was so fatigued that her brain had completely shut down and all she could do was collapse onto her bed.

Now she was going to be late for the meeting. It was the price she would have to pay for her reckless behaviour.

How could I be so careless?, she scolded herself.

She dashed over to the wooden closet and opened it up, revealing multiple pieces of clothing kept neatly folded in stacks. She removed her kimono and put on a pair of fresh panties.

Tsunade grew irritated over her situation. She had to be on time for the meeting, she just couldn’t let the Feudal Lord and others who were to be present there ,look down on her. It would have been such a disgrace for the title of the Hokage if she were to be late.

This frenzied rush to make it to the meeting on time was driving her crazy and she hated every bit of it.

She hurriedly put on her grey kimono-style blouse and dark bluish-grey pants. She then wore an obi around her waist that matched the color of her pants, finally putting on a grass-green haori with “gamble" written in black on the back, inside a red circle.

She rushed to the mirror and growled when she realized she had no time to brush her beautiful teeth. Nevertheless, she tied her hair into two loose ponytails, letting shoulder-length bangs frame on both sides of her face.

She carefully studied herself in the mirror to make sure everything looked okay. To her relief, she looked pretty, even though she had just climbed out of bed. Despite her age, Tsunade had been termed as the most beautiful kunoichi in the world by several shinobi.

Her brown eyes and straight blonde hair made her look mesmerizing and not to mention her blouse that revealed her sizeable cleavage. After all, her ample bosom was one of the reasons she had so many admirers.

She really liked receiving compliments for her looks but she’d be even more flattered if someone praised her impeccable medical nin-jutsu skills and immense raw strength. Satisfied that she looked well-dressed , she quickly headed downstairs towards the dining room.

On the dining table , a bowl of oats and a glass of orange juice sat waiting for her. Shizune appeared from another room, her prim and proper dress told that she was ready to leave for the meeting.

Tsunade realized that she needed to hurry up. She gulped down her orange juice as fast as she could and then gobbled down the bowl of oats too. She initially felt disgusted at herself for eating that way , but then found solace in the fact that she had to do it to be at the meeting on time.

After getting done with her super quick breakfast and rinsing her mouth with water at the wash basin, she slipped on her open-toed, strappy black sandals.

“Let’s go, we’re running late…” Shizune stated, before she rushed past Tsunade and walked out of the door.

As she was about to step out of the door herself , Tsunade stopped and glanced at the bathroom door for a moment, hesitating about whether or not she should use it.

Being in an extreme rush to be at the meeting on time, Tsunade had not yet got a chance to attend to her bladder’s needs . After going through a quick mental calculation she assessed that she had not used the toilet for nearly seventeen hours since last night. But The Feudal Lord would reach at the meeting venue any minute now and Tsunade couldn’t risk the fact that she might be delayed if she used the bathroom.

So in the end, she decided that she would just have to go to the bathroom once she got to her office building, but that would have been possible only after the meeting with The Feudal Lord concluded. Leaving the meeting in-between for any reason was considered highly disrespectful to the members present there.

Tsunade sighed in despair, before she hurried out the door of her mansion.

12:04, was the time by when Tsunade and her apprentice Shizune entered the Hokage’s office ,only to be told by a jonin that the Feudal Lord had not arrived at the village yet.

Tsunade growled angrily to learn that she had been hurrying for no reason when the Lord was himself late. But then it hit her, she now had the chance to relieve herself before he came here.

But before she could even take a step towards the toilet, she heard a coarse voice of an old man , “There you are Tsunade… aren’t you supposed to be at the village entrance gate to welcome Lord Takeshi?”

The man slowly appeared from the other end of the dark hallway. Tsunade and Shizune were quick to identify him as Homura ,and along with him was his team-mate Koharu.

Tsunade was a little surprised to know that she was meant to receive the Lord at the village entrance. Nobody had notified her about this. She would’ve went directly to the main gate to receive him if she knew. She was ready to go and attendant the Lord at the gate but she knew that it would be a wise idea to relieve herself before she left.

“Ah…I did not know that, I’ll leave to receive him soon after…” Tsunade began to say.

“I am afraid it cannot wait, he may arrive any moment now. You must leave immediately..”, Koharu stated even before Tsunade could complete her sentence.

Homura Mitokado and Koharu Utatane served as the members of the Konoha council. The Council existed to help the Hokage govern the village and to make sure all decisions were made with the best interest of Konoha and its inhabitants in mind.

Although the Hokage always had the final say in the matter, the councilors were always there to give their opinions and advice, thus making sure the decisions made were fair and all possibilities and viewpoints were taken into account.

Tsunade felt a bit annoyed by Koharu’s stern words but soon realized that she was right. The Lord may arrive any time now and she definitely didn’t want to show up late to receive him.

Tsunade and Shizune immediately left for the main entrance gate of the village along with a couple of jonin, leaving the elders behind.

No sensible woman would have left the building wanting to pee as much as she did ,but there wasn’t any choice for her to make. She was the Hokage , and her duty was one came before anything else, even before her need to relieve herself.

…..

Standing at the main gate of the village , Tsunade frowned impatiently as she looked at the end of the dirt road to see if anyone was coming, but Lord Takeshi and his troupe were still nowhere to be seen. Tsunade hated to be kept waiting, she really wished the Lord was more punctual. But even more disappointing was the fact that she realized she would have had time to go to the bathroom and still be present to receive the noble when he arrived, and she was starting to wish she had done so. But well it was too late now. She would just have to wait until the meeting was over, which wouldn’t be too long.

Tsunade could easily control her need for a really long period of time owing to her huge bladder. She was confident that she would make it. Plus by her estimates, it would take just an hour or so for the meeting to wrap up, it shouldn’t be much of a deal.

Rather than standing still, Tsunade was pacing up and down, taking three or four mincing steps away from her spot, then turning and walking the few steps back.

The nagging discomfort in her abdomen was making her restless and the hot afternoon sun wasn’t helping either.

She pressed her thighs together as she walked and bit her lip, praying the Lord would arrive soon.

It wasn’t very often that Tsunade was worried, and it was even less often that the result of that worry was due to her need to pee. Tsunade hardly ever felt the need to pee to the point where it was bothering her as much as it was now. She was beginning to wonder if her decision to avoid using the toilets just to show up on time to welcome the Lord was wrong.

She was seriously beginning to contemplate about the idea of going back to the mansion to use the bathroom, leaving Shizune behind to welcome the Lord, but soon erased it from her mind because she knew it wouldn’t have looked good and the Lord might take it as his insult.

Suddenly , Tsunade saw a palanquin at the very end of the road , slowly approaching them. It had to be the Feudal Lord.

“Oh,thank goodness…” Tsunade breathed in relief when she came to know that her wait would soon be over. Surrounded by several people, the palanquin drew ever so closer towards the gate of the village.Tsunade rubbed her thighs impatiently , looking at the group of people, slowly walk towards them.

“Welcome Lord Takeshi…” Tsunade greeted him, as his palanquin drew into the gates of the village.

“Good to see you Lady Tsunade…” said the middle aged man who was accompanied by his several advisors .

The lord stepped out of his palanquin and shook hands with the lady. They both greeted each other warmly before advancing towards the Hokage’s office.

Walking alongside the lord, surrounded by his advisors and a bunch of jonin, Tsunade could not get her mind off of her need to use the toilets. Her movements were growing more calculated and controlled now.

Just after taking a few steps ,Tsunade felt a somewhat painful jolt from her bladder, which startled her. For a split second, she thought about grabbing her crotch, but decided not to do so in public. Besides, the last thing she wanted was to give any signs to the people about how desperate she was, and touching herself down there would surely give it away.

Neglecting that minor warning from her bladder, Tsunade decided to distract herself by thinking about what she was going to say in the meeting.

However, a few more steps later, Tsunade felt another, slightly stronger spasm, which made her sigh.

This could be a problem. Walking while needing to pee was sending waves of spasms across her bladder but thankfully , they were almost at the Hokage’s office now.

By this point, Tsunade had decided that she was not going to wait till the end of the meeting to relieve herself. Her need to go had been increasing all this while and it was now making her really uncomfortable .She was sure she would get more desperate during the meeting if she didn’t relieve herself now.

“ Lord Takeshi, I’d like you to proceed towards the hall, I’ll join you in a moment..” Tsunade said in a humble tone as soon as they entered the building.

“Is it something important Lady Tsunade? I guess the meeting is about to start?” the lord inquired in his usual low, husky voice.

“Yes, I guess it cannot wait ,but I’ll be back before the meeting commences…” Tsunade replied.

“Alright then..” the lord said before he turned around and went towards the hall where the meeting was to be held, followed by Shizune and others.

Finally, Tsunade had the chance to pee, but she still needed to hurry so she could make it to the meeting before it started. She walked swiftly towards the location of the only toilet in the entire building. Her hurried footsteps weren’t really helping her steadily filling bladder, but she didn’t care.

She just wanted to relieve herself once and for all so she could concentrate on the meeting that lay ahead. She sighed as she turned at the corner to find the toilets at the end of the empty hallway. The sight of the toilets made her want to go even more, but she held firm, she was almost there.

When she was more than halfway to the toilets, Tsunade heard a voice that immediately made her growl inside her head.

“Grandma Tsunade!” came the familiar voice. She heard that voice everyday. It was none other than Naruto Uzumaki, the number one knuckle-head ninja.

Oh no, please not now, she thought, walking faster. She tried to act as if she didn’t hear him, but soon Naruto was right beside her, rubbing his nose in his signature style.

“I’m talking to you grandma! Don’t you try to ignore me like that!” he spouted.

Tsunade gritted her teeth. She was in no mood for his unbearable ranting, especially when her need to empty her bladder was becoming a priority.

“What is it Naruto?!” she responded in her usual aggressive tone, before she stopped and turned around to confront the kid.

“Well you said I’ll get to go on some super cool S-Rank mission today but you bailed out on me, I want a mission now! Maybe something like kicking that snake creep Orochimaru’s ass!” Naruto yelled in excitement.

“Stop yelling like that!” Tsunade shouted back, her voice loud enough to make Naruto jump out of his skin, making him fall back and hold the wall for support.

“A genin level shinobi like you is not qualified enough to go on an S-Rank mission, considering your level ,maybe a C or D rank will be good enough for you..,” Tsunade said in a firm voice .

“…but I don’t want that! I can’t go around the village cleaning horse crap and watering rice fields! I need a real mission!” Naruto cried out.

“I am the Hokage! And I decide what you get to do!” she roared, “ Do you get me you little whining brat?!” she glared into his eyes, making the poor boy almost die out of fear.

“Y-Yes mam…” Naruto answered, his voice shaking with fear. She looks so scary while yelling like that, he thought.

The two engaged in a serious conversation as they walked along the rest of the hallway. Finally they reached Tsunade’s original destination. She stopped walking when they reached at the front of the toilet door and cleared her throat awkwardly, knowing exactly what she had to say but having trouble getting the words out.

Although she had always been a straight forward and blunt person, Tsunade was really not willing to let Naruto know that she had to relieve herself. It would have been so embarrassing for her to admit to the pesky little brat that she had to pee.

So in frustration,she stood there with her arms folded and thighs pressed together, reluctantly listening to Naruto’s consistent rambling, hoping that he would leave soon.

She had already told the boy that she would assign him a mission once she got free after the meeting but he just wasn’t willing to listen and it wasn’t very long before his never ending blabber made Tsunade lose her cool again.

“Naruto, if you do not get out of my sight right now, I swear to god, I’ll assign you a mission to clean all the pig sties in the village! Do you get me?!” Tsunade shouted at the poor boy in rage.

“Err.. okay…” a terrified Naruto spoke. There was sweat all over his face. He was beginning to feel really intimated by Tsunade’s aggressive demeanor.

“Okay I definitely don’t want to do that...but before I leave, I must really use the restroom…I have been holding it since morning…” Naruto smiled like a fool, grabbing his crotch and hopping from foot to foot. He looked nervous and started crossing his legs.

“B- But…” Tsunade began to say. She had a meeting to attend and she needed to relieve herself before she went for it.

“I am sorry I can’t wait!”, Naruto said before desperately rushing inside the toilet, not even waiting for Tsunade to complete her sentence.

She felt a bit annoyed to see Naruto get in first but then calmed herself down.

N-no problem, she thought. I can wait. It’s not like I’m bursting or anything.

She wished there were more toilets in the building to make up for situations like these. Hokage’s Office was a busy place after all, more toilets would definitely help!

She paced a few steps back and forth with her arms folded around her chest, waiting for her turn to get in and relieve herself.

She wanted to yell at Naruto to hurry but didn’t ,as it would have been disgraceful for a renowned kunoichi like her. There was no way she could let anyone know that she really had to use the loos.

She waited patiently but even after a few minutes Naruto was still hogging the toilet. Tsunade was beginning to grow worried now.

However, Tsunade soon heard the toilet flush and was immediately relieved when the door opened and the boy walked out.

“Phew…I really had to go bad,” he spoke, looking much relieved than before. Shut up, Tsunade thought. She was annoyed at the kid for not letting her go first, nevertheless, the loo was unoccupied now and free for her to use.

But as soon as she was about to go in she was stopped by someone’s voice.

“Lady Tsunade!” she heard Shizune yell and before long, the black haired woman appeared from the other end of the hallway. “There you are! Everyone is waiting for you at the meeting hall, come quick!”, she informed as she hurried towards the two.

“Oh no..” Tsunade breathed. She didn’t realize that she had already wasted a lot of time waiting for her turn to use the bathroom! She had two choices now -- either hold it and go for the meeting, or pee and further delay her attendance for the same. It was déjà vu of standing in front of her bathroom door at her house that morning. While she was seriously considering the second option, Tsunade knew how bad it would have looked for her to show up late. There was no way she could let the reputation of the Hokage be tarnished.

So half heartedly, she started to walk towards the meeting hall and wondered if she’d made the right choice.

“So when do I get my next mission?” Naruto asked again.

“You say that one more time and I’ll smash your head to the wall!” Tsunade turned around and yelled, scaring the hell out of both Naruto and Shizune.

“Aaaa…!” Naruto jumped out of the window in panic , not wanting to stay there to experience the Sanin’s wrath.

Both the ladies turned around and continued on their way after Naruto left, hoping he won’t show up again.

As Tsunade approached the meeting hall, she started speculating about what she was going to do about her bladder’s situation. It was now the first thing on her mind when she wasn’t thinking about anything else, and she was aching for relief.

She wondered if she could make a quick trip to the loo in-between the meeting, but the fact that no one was allowed to leave before it concluded made Tsunade worried. May be she could make an exception? She was the Hokage after all.

Truthfully, she had always been too proud to ask for a break in-between a meeting to scurry of to a bathroom. That would have given others the impression that she was desperate and she certainly didn’t want that.

Tsunade stepped inside the meeting hall to find that The Konoha Council, a few notable members of the ANBU Black Ops and of course Lord Takeshi and his advisors were already present there.

They all fixed their gaze towards the Hokage, who had showed up considerably late.

She quickly took her seat next to the Feudal Lord, placing her beautiful hands on the desk.

Lord Takeshi looked at her in disapproval, but refrained from saying anything.Tsunade felt embarrassed for being late, so much that she even forgot about her distressing need to pee. But as soon as she saw the lord take a sip of water from his glass, she instantly felt her need to go intensify. She hurriedly crossed her legs hoping it would take some pressure off her sphincters. Unfortunately, it didn’t provide much relief. She still felt the urge, she could only hope the meeting would end soon.

**
