A Few Seats Ahead

Author: bes31

*000*2015-07-05 07:16

This is my next fiction piece, it began as a wetting experience but became a tad it bigger than that. I tried to experiment with a lot of endurance desperation in this one.

A few seats ahead:

It was around 3:00 o’clock on a Friday, junior year of high school. I was currently in AP Literature, a class that was harder than what I could manage, with classmates that on the mean were dumber than I could manage (I was an egotistical kid). I sat in a back desk, as my teacher gave some lecture.

By around my Junior year I was fully aware of my odd sexual interests, and regularly fantasized of seeing something on par of some of the folks on this website tell of their school experiences. But my school was far too liberal with bathroom passes and passing periods to allow such a thing as a line of suffering schoolgirls wetting themselves in a freak desperation accident to ever occur. It was unfortunate, but I made a promise to never let my fantasies get in the way of my manners or actions, if something wonderful was going to be seen, it would be pure chance alone.

Pure chance had come a few times, though. One time, the bathroom doors were locked for the theatre building, leaving about 10 female thespians dying for a piss as rehearsals continued. One time, on a two hour bus trip, a girl behind me was on the brink of wetting herself the entire time. Well, to the point where she nonchalantly pissed in a water bottle, all of which I heard loud and clear. And, of course there were many times that someone would just flat out say something along the lines of “I need to pee.” And my mind would turn into a bitter, sexual haze of formulating something to say while my heart skips a beat.

Then there was the time in the Junior English class on a Friday, where pure chance smiled on me.

As I sit at my desk, the girl who sat adjacently to me spoke in a whisper, but addressing the entirety of the group of friends I sat with. “My bladder is about to explode.”

80% of high school seniors at my school end up going to my state school (I’ll call it the University), so I figured I’d see one or two of my classmates. Today was registration, the day where we finalized our next destination of learning by coming there and proving our existence to the school. It was mandatory, and to be truthful, I was excited. But, even as I was interested, it was eight in the morning, and nothing can get me excited at eight in the morning.

Early enough to skip breakfast, great! I think to myself as I sip coffee from a styrofoam cup. I had finished the first part of registration and I had about fifteen minutes to consume caffeine and then to start my day of going from place to place at the University and continue to prove my existence.

I had questioned who I would see. I had not asked anyone about what dates they were registering, but had picked the earliest option just so I could finish this up before moving onto summer vacation. Most of my best friends were not going to be here, I knew that, and that whoever I was with I did not plan on making too much conversation with. Honestly, I was fine being alone today. The only reason I wasn’t is pure chance.

After five minutes of wallowing around a cup of horrid coffee, I recognize someone I knew. A girl that had been a form of friend to me. Not best friends, or romantically, but out of some form of mutual kindness. Me, the socially awkward kid with the clever tongue, and her, the socially amazing kid that had a sweet spot for kids that weren’t socially amazing. Her name was Heather Blais, and she had no business being friends with her.

I had known Heather for a very long time, since maybe 3rd grade, and maybe a long time of knowing her has made her oddly friendly with me. She probably wasn’t attracted to me. I was not the best looking kid, while she was very attractive. She had a runners body, which you can guess where she got it from. Her posture was lean, but muscular, with straight brunette locks, and a cute face. Heather was a track and field girl first and foremost, and so it was rare to see her outfit in something that wasn’t athletic. Most days at school, she would wear a t-shirt, and speedo-esque shorts. Today there were no athletic burdens, and the heat was going to be high. Therefore, she was dressed in a very tight and surprisingly short white dress, all mixed with a pair of unnecessary high heels. Compared to most people, she was particularly overdressed, but in the end, it would 95 degrees, and people like me who were dressed in a pair of lazy jeans would be the miserable ones.

“Hey, Bes!” She walked over to me in confident steps. She held a purse on her right arm for which she held the registration material.

“Hey Heather.” I nodded at her as she went in for a hug. I coincided, and gave her a light hug (I wasn’t as huggy of a person as much people). We spent a few minutes exchanging greeting and talking about summer before she spotted the coffee behind her.

“Is that pot still full?”

“I think so, I just had coffee.” It was a stupid remark, as I was still holding the styrofoam cup. She smiled.

“Oh, thank god! I didn’t have time to drink or anything to get ready for this.” I wondered if this also pertained to using the toilet. She began to form a cup of coffee as I watched. “This is not a good idea, wearing all white. I thought we had to dress up for this?”

“Me too.” I spoke, adjusting the collar of my black button down shirt. “Now, I look like a fool.”

“I do too.” She bent down to get cream, and I secretly watched her bend over, the outlines of white panties shown on her ass. I veered my eyes, to avoid a boner. She seems okay, this wild thought of her not having time to piss before coming over seemed to be refuted by the fact that she seemed normal. She wasn’t bending her legs, and she was very willing to drink coffee. Besides, I knew that Heather had a strong bladder, and therefore she would be okay, regardless.

“Where do we go know?” She asked a question I wasn’t sure of.

“I’m just following everyone else.” I told her, we were supposed to meet in a large auditorium for the introduction to the university. She giggled at that and I smiled.

“Well, lets follow.” She began walking the same way that the majority of people were going. I followed, of course, my coffee was finished and I was getting sick of the mediocre Continental Breakfast staring at me. We began walking, a few stairs and a long hallway until we reached the auditorium, where we found seats near the back.

I watched her sit down, one to my right. Her dress slightly slid up as she rested on the seat, and she quickly closed her legs. She was all smiles and very little stress, this wasn’t like that one time in high school English, where I got to Heather nearly explode, as she said. What I didn’t know then was that even though she had definitely pissed before coming to the University, the coffee she had just drank was going down her system quickly, a mix of nerves and the water bottle she kept in her purse, which she nervously drank all day. And she was about to figure out, like everyone else, that bathrooms might be a bit tough to find at the University.

After about thirty minutes, when the introductions finished, they split all of the new students. And I watched as me and Heather split up, I figured I wouldn’t see her again through the procedures of this day, but I was wrong, and this day was going to be more exciting than I thought it would be, ever.

“My bladder is about to explode.” Hearing something like that my heart skip a beat. It wasn’t to me, obviously. At the back of the classroom, me and three of my fairly good friends sat, and during the boring lectures, we talked to each other in whisper tones to get through the day. Something like this rarely came up, though, and the fact that it was coming from Heather Blais’ mouth make it wonderful, but also scary.

It was wonderful, as it was everything I ever wanted, well, everything my Penis ever wanted. At this point I had massive crush on Heather, something about friendly, hot girls and were out of my level but didn’t treat me as such was a turn on (I had low self esteem). It was horrifying because in our group of four, I had in the 2nd seat to the left, and she sat to the right of me. A desperate girl was close enough to me to see a massive erection if that were to happen.

I was the odd man of the group, for people that in a class filled with socially excluded people, four that banded together as a necessity. There was Heather, today in very small speedo shorts of many colors, but with a blue base, and an athletic blouse, all with a sports bra underneath. This was her regular look, many times working out right after school finishes. To the right of Heather, on the right of Heather was another girl, named Christine Foster, we called her Chris. Chris was an old family friend, of which I knew from preschool to know. She was a swimmer, and she had a swimmer's body. A small body, but lean, with developed features. She was fairly attractive, mostly in her clothes. Most days she would wear the shortest short-shorts that the school would ever allow, with a tight t-shirt. Today she had a t-shirt on, but tight aqua colored leggings.

To my left was the other guy of the group. His name was Darryl Victor. I really like Daryl, he was a popular kid, and not even because some people felt bad with no black friends. He was funny, clever but also a bit dry. In this group of friends, he was the voice of reason. Then there was me, overweight, dry humored, weirdly charming me, Bes.

Most days this English class would meet at 1:00, in the middle, but today, it was the final class of the day, and took place at 3:00. In my experience of school, many girls, due to the inconvenience it is to just go to the bathroom, go at the beginning of the day and then wait till they return home to go. Therefore, almost always, the final period of the day was one where full bladders were constant. Most days, I had theatre at the end, an unfortunate thing, where bathrooms are always open. Days like this were a treat.

Today was the first time that not only was English the final class of the day, but due to an awkward schedule, it was 90 minutes long. It was fifteen minutes into the class when I heard the whispering.

My heart skipped a beat, my eyes beaded open and I looked Morgan. She was smiling as me and Daryl both looked.

“What, Heather?” Chris asked, she missed what she said.

“I have to pee.” She whispered. “So bad...” Heather gave a slight shake of her hips, as if to emulate a pee dance.

“Oh, me too.” Chris said, I had noticed that her she seemed oddly shaky, but not Heather. “When was the last time you went?” STOP! I began seeing the entire social life flash before my eyes. I was in jeans today, so I could barely hide the fact that was I fully erect.

“When I got to school. I’ve been sipping on this water all day too.” Seven hours of holding while drinking water, damn. She gently crossed her legs and and bit her lips. If I didn’t know better, she was playing with me. But there is no reason she would ever know my desire, but now I was afraid of destroying myself.

“Why don’t you go the bathroom?” Darryl asked.

“Eh... This house's bathrooms are gross. I don’t want to.” Chris nodded in agreement. “Also, today's going to be a free day.” She was right, after the twenty minute lecture, we were going to have to work on a group project that we must complete my tomorrow. “I should work on the project.”

Daryl nodded as the lecture ended. “I’ll get the markers.” We had to make a poster, and Heather stood up to get the markers. She was still walking normally, if not her leg bending a bit. Her bladder was not exploding, but it might. We had seventy minutes of class left and Heather and Chris were both supposedly full after a day of holding. This day was going to be fun.

I stood in line for Panda Express. I did not want Panda Express, but being registration, it was the only one that wasn’t full to the brim of hungry post-high school students, even if the food was caloric as all hell, time was more important than health right now. I looked over the cafeteria in curiousity, spotting people I might knew. I had recognized around ten people from my school so far, and there must be more.

I was nearing the front of the line when I spotted Heather. She was sitting at a table with some girl that I did not know, probably not even from my school. I wondered about her. Being that Heather was the only person from my school I saw that I didn’t hate made that place the most desireable place.

I ordered food but also kept an eye on Heather. If her situation was like me, there was no bathrooms anywhere, leaving me in need to go before I spotted one near the cafeteria. She still seemed fine, legs crossed, but that was because of her white dress. I received my food and paid for it, and began walking to her.

“Hey, Heather!” She turned her head to me, smiling.

“Hey, Bes! You can sit here.” I did, sitting down. “This is Anna.” She pointed to the other girl. Anna was a very pretty girl. Her skin was in a dark shade of olive, with a nice face and good features. She had pitch black hair, which was also straight, wearing a nice blouse and a flower skirt. “She is also in my major.”

“Which is?”

“English.”

“Cool. By the way, what section are you in?”

“What?”

“People are being separated into sections for the next thing we are doing. Look on your nametag. Me and Anna are both blue.” I looked down, I was blue.

“I’m blue.” She smiled and giggled.

“Awesome! We’ll be together.” I smiled back, she seemed a bit tenser than before. She was still kind, but something felt off. Also, Anna was biting her lip and moving a lot.

We ate lunch slowly. Talking a lot about high school, our respective majors, and how we all felt. I enjoyed Anna’s company. She was also from our city, but went to a high school on the other side of town. She was very good company, laughing a lot and telling jokes.

We had spent almost ninety minutes at the lunch, eating our food slowly, before realizing we had to go to the main courtyard, and meet the other blues. We walked there, as I went, I noticed that both Anna and Heather were looking around, looking for something. I was getting happier, everything pointed to two full girls.

When we reached our group we had to stand in the brutal, hot sun, near almost a hundred other “blues”. We stood at where our group was going to meet when I realized a worried expression on Anna’s face.

“Hey, Bes.” Anna spoke. “This is going to sound weird, but do you know where the bathrooms are. I kind of have to...” I looked at her, and of course my heart skipped another beat. I recalled where I went.

“Yeah, five minutes from here, on the side of the cafeteria.” Anna smiled and looked at where I pointed, and then to Heather.

“You.. uh... want to go...” Heather smiled and shook her head.

“I’ll be fine. Besides, I think we are going soon.”

“What?” Anna turned back at Heather. I stared at both of them. “What time is it?”

“We have two minutes. John Said it was five minutes to there. I don’t think we have time.” Anna definitely had to go all lunch, during our conversation she was shaking around, bouncing on her chair. She kept it quiet, but she was desperate.

“Fuck.” Anna spoke quietly.

“You now, Bes. I haven’t seen a bathroom all day.” Heather spoke to me. “I shouldn’t have drank that coffee.” I nodded back. “But, I’ll be okay. When does this day end.”

“Like two hours.” I spoke. Anna and Heather both sighed. “I mean, wherever were going, there will probably be a bathroom there.” I tried to reason, but secretly hoping. So secretly hoping, that there wasn’t. I had seen Heather desperate once before, and if that was any sign, I was in for a great show today.

If I’m going to give anyone credit, Heather was a hard worker. It had been 65 minutes since she exclaimed to us that her bladder was exploding, but she was still fighting her urges, spending all of her time carefully making this poster. It was nowhere near finishing, but we all worked hard. That said, I think she was honest when she said how close she was to bursting on the spot. He legs were pretzeled, sometimes rising to her body as she gave an odd stretch as she worked. Sometimes she would draw with one hand, and with the other push down on her urethra with considerable pressure. If this was an act, which from future experience I can guarantee it wasn’t, she was doing an amazing job.

“How much time do we have?” Heather asked.

“We have five minutes.” Chris spoke. She was also considerably full. With her tight shirt I could see the obvious outlines of a full bladder appearing. She was working on her knees, putting her touches on the project.

“Oh my God!” Heather moaned, from her desperate need or from the fact that despite our hard work, the project was not even close to finishing. She quickly tapped her feet on the ground and began scribbling faster.

It had been a seventy minute show to me. Every move she made, I made a glance. By now my posture had been permanently shifted so noone could tell that I had a raging erection. I worked, my mind half-operating, and half still in a sexual haze.

“We won’t finish this in time, what should we do?” Chris spoke. We all looked around trying to figure out a question for ourselves. This was a very large project, which would amount to a very large grade.

“We can work after school.” I brought up, it sounded horrible, but we needed to do something. the other three looked at me, nodding their heads in agreement. “I can do my house.”

“Sure.”

“Yeah.”

“That’s good.” I smiled to myself, I normally didn’t have house guests but I knew that my house was empty, and it was almost the weekend. “Bes, you think you can give me and Chris a ride. We take the bus to school.” I remembered that I was one of the few lucky ones that got the rights to a parking spot, one valuable aspect of being friends with me.

“Uh... Yeah.”

The bell rang, and the deal was finalized. Darryl, Heather and Chris were going to come to my house after school to continue to work on the project. I glanced at Heather getting up, she wiggled in her seat silently before wobbly standing, her feet not being able to stand still. The four of us exited the building. As I left I heard some quiet chatter from Chris and Heather.

“Are you going to go to the bathroom?” Heather asked Chris innocently.

“No, I’m going to wait till John's house. You?”

“I really, really have to go! But I won’t keep John waiting.” The kindness factor of me told me to say it's okay that they use the bathroom, I could wait five minutes. But a miracle was occurring at my feet, I was about to embark on the twenty minute car ride home with two absurdly desperate girls, one who could barely stand. I’ll take that experience any day.

So I walked and pretended I didn’t hear them. Chris and Heather followed behind me. Chris was able to maintain a fair level of decency, walking straight and forward. Heather was the one having troubles, she tried to deny the bodily urges that would make her full bladder reasonable, but she put social decency ahead. If she could hold herself, she would, but she kept straight, or at least tried.

We had arrived at the parking a lot at a rate that was a little slower than normal before the two girls spoke up.

“Hey Bees.” I turned around, it was Heather, who had a hand almost massaging her bladder, Chris didn’t look much better either. “I know we are at the parking lot. But do you think we can go back so I can... uh...”

“Yeah.” I knew what she was talking about, and she went red. I began walking back as Chris and Heather smiled. I let my manners get ahead of sexual desires, it would be nice to see two girls explode upon themselves in the backseat of my car, but I couldn’t say no.

By this point, the girls were near jogging. The knees bent inward, faces stressed as they came close to the nearest bathroom. It was inside, one of the buildings of my outdoor high school. We were so close and Heather took her hands from her full bladder to pull on the door, the door to relief.

It was locked.

We sat in maybe the second row of the large auditorium we had been shuffled into. Me, Heather to the left, and Anna to the right, and in front of us a group of college seniors telling us about life at this University. I tried to focus, but the girls around me made that impossible. Anna was not subtle, and probably not her own doing. She was a smaller girl so I assumed a smaller bladder. She sat with legs crossed and a tight feeling. She was hot enough, but then there was Heather. She sat in her tight dress, obviously with some sort of urge. Her legs weren’t crossed, but thighs pulled inwards. It was about a ten minute walk from the cafeteria where the “blue” group pulled away to this auditorium. Heather had struggled a bit in her heels, to the point where she was claiming obvious pain from her heels.

Her heels had been pulled off to her side, and her dress had been stretched a little further down her legs. I tried to avoid staring at her tan, lean legs, mostly shown through the short dress. I had never realized how actually attractive Heather was until then, her normal athletic ware was not nearly as attractive as this.

“You think I can exit this building, you know to...” Anna asked. Her face was obviously stressed as she pulled on the edges of her floral skirt.

“You can try.” Heather spoke, sounding weirdly annoyed.

“I should. I really have to go.” Heather almost winced, as if she was on edge, finding ability to have a bladder full enough to annoy her, but allowing herself to forget. Every time Anna spoke, she was reminded that her bladder was full with no relief available anytime soon.]

During the walk, between remarks of the heat and her feet hurting, Heather told me that Anna and Heather met during the major meetings, or more accurately, searching for the bathrooms after the meeting. Heather was not in any desperate need, actually at that point her urge was tiny, but she wanted to find it just to make sure. Both Anna and Heather soon realized that finding the bathroom was going to be harder than they thought and decided to get a click lunch. Then I showed up.

The good news was that there was only one hour left in the day, the bad news was that there was no clue if these girls could last an hour.

“You think you’ll be okay?” I asked as I walked

.

“Yeah. You know what I’m like when I really, really, really need to go. I’ll be fine.” She was calling back to a previous day, I smiled in an odd remembrance. “Don’t know about Anna, though?” I looked at her, she was very stiff, a bad sign. “You think you can take me and Anna home, neither of us have a car and my parents would be pissed if they had to pick us up.”

“Yeah.” I began to draw parallels to a previous time.

Now I sit in an auditorium, one girl who is bursting, and one girl who is trying not let her bladder burst, and I begin to think if lightning could strike twice with the same girl. As we approached the auditorium, Heather spoke in quiet voice back to me.

“Honestly, my bladder is about to explode.”

“Please drive carefully, Bes.” Chris spoke to me. It was a tough resolution, I needed to quickly so they don’t piss themselves in the car, and I had to drive carefully so they don’t piss themselves in the car. I adjusted my mirror so I could see these two bursting girls in complete view. Both girls were holding themselves using both their hands. Chris was holding lightly, but bouncing up and down at a nice frequency. Heather was the scary one, she was holding down very hardly, her face showing no emotion except her veins popping out of her neck. My penis had begun to cramp in excitement, how the Hell was I supposed to drive this machine.

“You know, if you need to just get out of the car, let me know alright. I’ll pull over.” I spoke, both girls nodded, but neither had the pride to do it, especially in front of me.

Focus on the road! Focus on the road! I was practically screaming to myself to prevent myself from watching the actions behind me. It was as if the world was taunting me. Chris had lifted her shirt and started massaging the massive lump that had formed near her belly.

“Chrissie, when was the last time you went?”

“This morning. I normally go at lunch, but I had no time today.”

“I haven’t peed all day. Like literally, I had no time in the morning.” FOCUS ON THE ROAD!!!!!!!! This was not working, I was going five over the speed limit and everything kept getting harder for me.

“When did you last go?” Chris asked again.

“I... Ahhhhhh....” She gave a very loud moan, fearing the worst I peeked at my mirror. There was no piss dropping down on my seat, but there was an obvious dark spot on speedo shorts. She twisted her legs and she put all of her weight on her poor urethra. “Faster!” She screamed, and I did as she told. “I... Last time was... I didn’t go right before bed cause I was super tired, and...” She recounted her memories. “Oh my God! 4:00”

“That’s... 23 hours!?” This was it, I was going to nut in my jeans. My penis began feeling number. I thought of everything that was not this impeccable hold and gave deep breaths. It was incredible, a girl going that long.

“I... have a strong... bladder.” She applied even more pressure and I just sat there, jaw to the floor while trying to drive this car. If most sightings were a dice roll, I had just hit the lottery.

“Thank you, you may leave.” The college girl who had been boring us for a very long time finally spoke about something worthwhile. The meeting had lasted longer than expected. At the moment she spoke, the two girls between me stood up, both seemingly desperate. Anna looked horrible, she bounced from foot to foot, causing her floral skirt to rise many times, I saw the black panties she wore underneath as she bounced. Even Heather didn’t look to good, she was definitely holding herself, her knees bending inward a bit.

“Let’s find a bathroom.” Anna exclaimed as we exited. She did seem desperate, but I did not want to waste time at a bathroom.

“It’ll be faster to go the parking garage, get in the car and drive home than to find a mysterious bathroom and to wait on line for it.” Heather looked at me and smiled, Anna gave a worrying look.

“What about you Heather, you have to go.”

“I’ll be fine, I’m going to wait till I am home.”

“Really? You were searching for a bathroom before lunch and then even had a big soda during lunch. Are you really not that full.”

“I have a strong bladder.” She exclaimed, I looked at her and smiled.

“Alright fine, but I don’t know if I’m going to make it.”

“Just don’t go in the car.” We began walking to the parking garage my car was situated in. The walk was long, and once again Heather was hurting in her high heels. She seemed okay though, at some points her hand hovered over her urethra but her posture was still clean, rocking the white dress to her maximum ability. We passed many bathrooms on the course, some without lines, and Anna seemed to urgently hover over them before following us. I felt bad for her, some people go through situations where they can never find the bathroom. She was certainly desperate, dancing around as she walked.

We were silent until we approached the car. I noticed that Heather’s situation was getting very bad, but Anna situation couldn’t get any worse. She literally couldn’t stand still, sometimes stopping mid-step and bending over, holding herself with all of her.

“I’m sorry, guys.” Anna mumbled as she moved away from the group. “I can’t hold it.” Me and Heather stopped and stared at poor Anna, who's aching bladder had proven too much. She veered a few feet, looked around for anyone else, and saw no one.

She wasn’t going in my car at least. She rolled up her floral skirt that was pulled many times by her sheer need to urinate, and pulled down her black panties. Me and Heather watched as she squatted onto parking garage concrete. A torrent of hot urine flung out of her, I couldn’t see the piss, but I could hear it. The sound bounced off the nearby walls. Anna moaned in delight, she definitely had to go, a substantial amount of piss came out of her, but nothing shocking. I looked at Heather, who was a bit shaken by seeing Anna release her pent up urine, she shaked around a bit as she watched. I wondered if she was surprised that I was watching, that my pride would have made me turn away.

The piss probably went about a minute, definitely a good amount. When she finished she silently rolled her panties up and let down her dress. The change in her was immediate, I had only known Anna desperate, so to see her smile and not tense was fairly nice, She turned to us, her cheeks red, Heather gave a forgiving smile and I remained blank.

“I am so sorry. But I really had to go.” She apologized again, I noticed that the sound had given Heather quite the rumble, as she bent over for a bit. “You wanna go, Heather.”

“No!” She quickly corrected her posture, “I can hold it.” I did not doubt her.

“Well... let’s go.”

It was a complete miracle I got back to the house without ejaculating all over my jeans. Everything about this situation has been by all accounts wonderful. Start with Chris, not the main event, but she was more of a squirmer than Heather, wiggling around in her seat, a bladder full.

But when I peeked into the mirror, I looked at Heather. Heather, by her account, had not relieved herself for twenty-three and a half hours, and this made my heart explode. She did have some level of control. She was not talking, all of her energy was into guarding the tsunami of liquid to come out of his body and into her speedo shorts. It had to happen, right? Supposedly Heather had been through some sort of bladder hell, a girl who was held to the same bladder restrictions had found a way through inconveniences, interruptions and sheer determination to hold in her urine.

It took fifteen minutes to go from the school to the house, the fifteen most exhilarating minutes of my life. I had never seen someone that strong willed before, and to think it was Heather, a girl that I had had a crush on for maybe two years, who was not only hot but absurdly friendly.

I was in heaven while she was in some form of hell, I’ll take it. When we approached the driveway Chris was exuberant, but Heather did not have the capacity to be thankful. I could tell that by now her squirts into her speedo shorts were getting more and more frequent, to where the entirety backside of her shorts were drenched (so was my car seat, but it was beyond worth it). As I pulled Darryl was standing at the driveway, wondering why it took so long for me to come.

“There are two bathrooms, Darryl has been to the house before he’ll show you one of them, Chris.” She got out of the car in a hurry, and ordered Darryl to take her, she danced around as he stared confusingly at her.

“The front door is unlocked, nobodies home. Take her to the farther away bathroom.” Darryl did so in a hurry. I turned around then to see Heather still in the car, frozen.

“Bes...” She spoke in a nervous voice. “I can’t move.”

She was not kidding, her body was basically pretzeled, her face blood red, her whole pants soaked now.

I spoke from panic. “Hold on! Let me get you out of the car.” She nodded, there were tears in her eyes. I jumped out of the car in a hurry and ran over to the left side where she sat. I swung the doors open and saw her up close. Her skin was full of sweat, there were tears in her eyes. I grabbed her left shoulder and gently pulled her out of the car. She stood for only a few seconds, her legs were wobbly from her painfully full bladder.

And then, I heard the torrent of liquid shoot out of her. She immediately hunched over and fell to the ground. She moaned in relief as she gave a cry of embarrassment. The stream was massive, quick but seemingly neverending. I could do nothing but watch, my jaw on the ground, my heart skipping every single beat.

“I’m sorry!” She moans as piss continues to come out of her. I couldn’t say anything back, her bladder being this full was beyond comprehension, and seeing every bit of it come out was amazing. The speedos were completely soaked as a puddle came around her, luckily no cars came around.

It must have been three minutes long. I just started, an awkward look, but what else could I do. This was the hottest thing I had ever seen, making me feel as if I was going to...

My penis was numb, every rub against my jeans gave me some sort of pleasure. In my amazement, I forgot to realize that the pleasure was climaxing, and then...

OH GOD, OH MY GOD NO!!!!!! I backed away from Heather and leaned back against the car. I was cumming, my worst nightmare had come to life. I began breathing hard, but tried to be put on a straight face. It probably looked silly, but I felt as I ejaculated. I legs became weak, and so I leaned against the car. I stayed in that position until the orgasm ended. Luckily for me, she had kept her head down through all of that, and even if she didn’t, I hope that there were no large signs.

As I recovered, the last drops came out of her as well. She looked up to me with tears in her eyes. “I am so sorry, Bes. I am soooo sorry!”

“Its... okay... shit... ah... happens.” I tried to talk.

“Are you alright.”

“I...uh... yeah! Yeah! I’m sorry I didn’t stop somewhere so you wouldn’t of.”

As I spoke her eyes lighted up, and that familiar smile creeped back on her face. Something was wrong, and I feared the worst.

“You enjoyed that, didn’t you.”

“What!?” She pointed with her index finger downward, and I followed, looking.

I had a boner, still. My face became as pale as a mime, and I immediately felt dead inside. That was it, every social progression I had ever made came back to me because in this moment of intense pain, my sexual desire revealed itself to her. For a second, I thought about dying right there, it might be the only way out of this situation.

“I... I...” I didn’t know what to say, and kept drawing blanks.

“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it, we all have our.. things.” Her mood had become better immediately. She stood up, her whole bottom of her body was completely soaked. “This is really embarrassing, promise to never tell anyone about... this, okay?”

“Yeah!” At this point, if she would have said kill myself, I would have done it out of guilt.

“Could you also get me like a towel and like some shorts. Is that okay.” I nodded and I led her into the house. I saw Darryl and Chris, she had made it, but looked in complete horror of what had happened to Heather. Darryl also gave sad eyes. I led her into my room, and pulled out a towel and a pair of old gym shorts.

“Thank you so much, Bes. You’re a God send.” I nodded and turned around, as she began drying herself off and pulling down her drenched speedos. At this point, I was pretty sure that my social life was over.

“Thank you so much, it was really wonderful, you guys. And I’m sorry for... you know.” Anna smiled at us as she hopped back to her house, finally leaving me and Heather alone, so I could learn some things that were on my mind for hours at this point. Heather was in her seat, her thighs sticking together as she shook her hips and bit her lip.

“How long have you been holding?” I jumped to the point, she turned her head to me.

“What time is it?” She took her phone out of her purse and looked at its. “I have been holding for thirty-three hours.”

“Damn! Nice job.”

“It’s a little better than nice job if you ask me.”

“Last time I saw you hold you were at 28 hours. That’s some improvement.”

“Oh, you’ve seen me hold. You know how we had math this year?”

“Yeah.”

“I never peed before school or when I woke up. Just once a day, right when I come home from school. So you see me bursting every day. You see, I’ve been working on composure.”

“I see, I thought you were completely empty when I saw you this morning.”

“By the time I got to the University, I had passed 24 hours by a while, and I needed to pee. By now, I’m bursting. But its good. Come on, you have to be impressed.”

“I’m impressed.” I was, actually.

“Your dick is definitely impressed.” I looked down and saw it erect. She took her left arm and began to slowly massage it, “you wanna see it.” I nodded, not knowing what “it” was. She took away her hand and grabbed the edges of her tight white dress, she rustled her legs but managed to pull the dress up, revealing her very thin white pantiesm, who lace showed me hints of what was underneath. She continued to pull up her dress until she revealed the main show. Through the tight dress, a massive, bloated, overextended bladder.

“Oh my God!”

“Yeah, I know. Its that Sprite I drank. But I’ll be fine.”

“Well, lets get you home.”

“Remember those Sundays where I would just come over for a few hours with an absurdly full bladder, and we just hanged out until I nearly pissed myself, ran to your toilet and gave a massive piss.” I smiled back at her.

“Summer of Junior Year, that was nice.”

“I miss those.” Her eyes lit up. “I know its been a while, Bes. But let’s do that again.”

“What?”

“Let’s go to your house. I really enjoy holding, and I really enjoy you Best. Besides, I am only an hour until my record Is you house empty?” It was, and I beamed a smile. I had forgotten about those days in Junior Year, where Heather’s love of holding and my love of seeing her hold came together for a few hours every sunday.

“Yes. Lets go.” She wiggled a bit in her seat as she smiled and nodded.

I had to drive her home, but I couldn’t even look her in the face. We had completed the project, taking almost three hours to complete. Darryl took his car home, Chris got her parents to pick her up, and of course I had to be the one to take home the girl who I couldn’t even look at.

She sat in her seat in an odd comfort. She was still in the same athletic blouse from before, but now in a pair of very old gym shorts that fit uncomfortably around her legs. She was playing some game on her phone as I drove, quietly.

“When I get home, can you come into my room for a second, just so we can put very finishing pieces to the project? I had no idea what Heather was talking about, but I did feel a sense of moral responsibility to do so. She cared the most about the project so if there was something that needed finishing, she was probably right.

“Hey, Heather.” I spoke quietly. “I’m really sorry that I was so... candid with my sexual enjoyment about what happened. You know, unfortunately I did take your misery for pleasure, but I swear I did not hinder your ability to use the bathroom by doing so.”

“Oh... Bes!” She charmingly spoke to me. “Don’t worry about that, I think it's actually pretty nice what you did there, it made me feel less bad about that situation, you know. I know you couldn’t control it, but it's not your right to control your urges. Just like didn’t control my urges and didn’t try to. I could have pissed any time of the day, but I didn’t. Maybe I just...” It hit me like a ton of bricks.

“Are you into...”

“We’ll talk in my room, okay.”

When we got there, the parents were luckily asleep, and we creeped into her bedroom with an aura of complete silence.

When we got into the room and the door was closed I began to talk.

“Heather. Are you into holding?” She smiled and nodded.

“I... am. You know, I found out very recently. That’s why I held it all day, it was just dumb by me to go too far.” She spoke with her head down, as if she was ashamed by what she was saying.

“Before I forget. I need to give you these shorts, right?”

“Oh, no! Don’t worry about.” I wasn’t fast enough. In an absurd speed she dropped down those gym shorts, revealing bare body to me. I stopped talking immediately, and stared at her. Her lean legs went up all the way to her vagina, where there was only the slightest bit of pubes. This day kept getting better and better.

“I’d love to get better at these... holdings. You think that on like Sunday I can come over for a few hours. You know, to test myself.” I didn’t know what to say, I was confronted by her extremely sexy figure, with an offer I can’t refuse.

“Heather... I”

With the slightest sense of confusion, she enacted into what I must think was the Plan b. She walked into me, shockingly close and began embracing me on the lips. I began breathing harder, my Penis barely rubbing against her bare skin. She held me, her kiss was warm and seductive.

There was no other answer.

“Yes.”

“Your room looks just like it used to.” Heather walked into the room with an uncomfortable stance. Her legs were crossed and hands pushing into her crotch. I smiled at her remarks, imaging what the next few minutes would pertain. “Alright, its your house. What’s your rules today.” These were the old rules, she would do whatever I wanted to do while she managed the painfully full bladder.

“Take the dress off.” She smiled in agreement.

“Thank Christ, this dress is the bane of my existence.” She slowly rolled up the dress to above her head as she wriggled her body. Her bra and panties were matching, white with a lace that showed everything to an extent. Every movement was troubling for Heather at this point, her thighs gyrated with a quickness and hand pushed down on any hole that would allow urine to escape. Her face rang pure agony, moving beyond when she was managing to hold onto whatever shred of decency she had.

“I thought you were good at composure. Isn’t that what you said?” I almost patronized her, she gave me a worried look, as if she was beginning to regret those words. “If you were good at composure, you wouldn’t have to hold yourself, would you?” She listened to those words, and moved her hands to her sides. Without the pressure of her arms clenching on the torrent of liquid inside of her, she wiggled around, her thighs stiffened around her. I could see her massive bladder pulsate, it being too large to hide in the confines of the normal size of the organ, instead, it bursted out of her chest.

“How do you feel?”

“I... I feel like I’m going to pop!” She yelled, her face showed it, she bit her lower lip with force, so much that I wouldn’t be surprised if she drew blood. As she stuttered these words her hands subconsciously moved in to hold herself, but she resisted. She was still strong.

“When was the last time you went?” This was what I always did. Every Sunday she would come with a full bladder, normally the result of twenty two hours of holding or so, and I would essentially quiz her on every feeling it gave until the sheer talk of it all proved to be too much, and she would jump into my shower and let it all go. It was never easy for her, but sometimes she managed.

“Five o’clock, in the morning, yesterday. I had woken up from a night of a full bladder and was really hurting.”

“And you didn’t go the rest of the day.”

“Yes, I went asleep with a full bladder.”

“Did you plan on using the bathroom the morning after.”

“I... Yes. When I woke up, I really had to pee, but I needed to get ready for the orientation, so I skipped the morning pee. I thought I could find a bathroom at the University. But...”

“Continue.”

“Bes! I can’t, can I go! Please!”

“Not yet!” She shook her head as she bended over, her entire body shaking.

“Why didn’t you use the bathroom at the university?”

“Well, I got into line to start, and It took forever, and by the time it was over I saw that there was no time to go, so I kept holding.”

“Which is when you first saw me, right?”

“Yes, and I really had to go then. But you didn’t notice, right?”

“I did not.”

“Well, I really needed to go, so when I finished my meetings I searched for the bathroom.”

“Which is where you met Anna.”

“Yes.” She bent over again at this point I saw the smallest bit of her panties turn a shade damper, she perked up.

“I’m losing control! Bes! Please!”

“You are almost there. Now, why did you hold with Anna.”

“She. Oh!!!... She only kind of had to pee, but I was bursting. When it was lunch time, she invited me and I couldn’t have said...” Her knees began to be wobbly, and she gave out a loud moan.

“And why did you have a large soda?”

“I thought I could... Ah!!!” She began bouncing up and down. “I thought I could hold it! And then I couldn’t show Anna that I was weak bladdered. I have a strong bladder, and I couldn’t show it be weak.”

“You do have a strong bladder, and you can hold it. Now, take off everything. So you don’t waste those beautiful panties.” She moved her hands back to her panties, where she took a few seconds to give a slight squeeze on her amazingly full bladder. She began to roll it down, it was just like the last time I saw her naked body, in the same place almost a year before. She had perfectly tan and lean legs and blended right into her vagina, and a incredibly toned ass behind her. She danced around, holding herself constantly.

“I need to hold myself Bes.”

“That’s okay. I will help you.” I walked behind her and slowly unhooked her white bra from her, revealing her massive tits, one that for far too much time have been confined to sports bras and those sorts, seeing them was a relief, and a sexual wonder. She continued to hold herself, wiggling around as she gave out moans of pains, agony and frustration.

“I’m going to do something, I want you to hold yourself as hard as you can, just don’t lose control. Okay, Heather.” She nodded from out of her focus.

And so I did the worst possible thing I could of. I walked to the showers and turned it. She gave a shriek, the sound of water making her task even harder than it was, she gives a cry as Heather pushes down with all of her might.

“Keep holding yourself, I am going to take you into the shower.” She shook her head, her body almost still. “Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.” I take her hand and move her gently to the shower, Heather’s body rescinding more and more downward through every pull. I could see a trail of her piss leaving behind her, but it was worth it. I took off my clothes as we stood in the bathroom, and after we were both nude, led her into the shower, me behind.

“Bes! I’m losing control!” She is crying, our bodies were madly close in the shower, and I could feel warm liquid slowly spurt out of her. So I did my part.

“Let me help you.” As water splashed down our bodies, I took my hands and placed them near Heather’s urethra. I could feel its warmness and wetness, though I did not know what the wetness was from. I began massaging the desperate organ, Heather moaning in some mixture of pain and pleasure. The water bouncing off of us as I started to finger her.

“One deal, you are not allowed to pee until you orgasm, okay.” She nodded, her face beginning to turn red from some sort of pleasure, her cheeks becoming rosy. I could feel the heat of her skin pulsating off, our bodies touching in every juncture, the shower steaming up.

I began going harder, feeling leaks of urine approaching my forearm. I could feel my own erection heating up, it was the return of my old crush, back to our own pleasures, working togethers to fulfill our fantasies. The holder and the watcher, bound together by desire.

My Penis began rubbing on the smooth skin of her body, giving me pleasure and the drive to push stronger. We were standing chest to chest, her body and mine, I could feel her own bladder bouncing off my stomach. There were tears in her eyes as she moaned and pawed in almost entirely pleasure.

“Oh! I’m almost! I’m almost!” She begins to scream, giving me one more go, and I go as fast as I could. That was when she gave out the loudest moan I had ever heard, her body collapsing in its own weight, her falling behind, her weight being bolstered by the wall of the shower.

She had definitely orgasmed, and she did so, the amazing amount of urine that was stored inside of her by choice and by her own doing was let out in a heap. I watched as a jet of urine sprang out of her, every facet of her feelings shown all possible types of desire. Relief, sexually, physically and mentally. As for me, I just kept watching. I watched for nearly three minutes, as urine continually poured out of her with an undeniable quickness. I was not prepared for this type of hold.

As I watched, I thought about that first day when this meeting came to fruition. The girl who was a seat seats ahead of me, literally and figuratively, who never saw me as more than a friend, realized a hidden but needed desire when her first day of holding became a disaster, and became a day of immense joy for me. The way I saw her in the bedroom, all of my shame becoming pride when I realized where her fantasies laid, and how she would always smile through everything, even immense pain.

And as the final trickles of urine came out of me, I recognized that same smile that she always had, her hair wet from the water, her face full relief. And I smiled back.

And I fucked her brains out.

