Girls squatting to pee

Author: Joey1234

*000*2018-12-30 20:49

I series of stories about girls peeing while squatting hope you like I originally posted these on wattpad but I will improve them here

Part 1

Emma shuddered as she stared forward at the long line for the girls room as her bladder was screaming to be emptied. Normally the line wouldn't be so long but this was the only toilet block open and it only had three working stalls. In front of her was her friend Janice who need was far less than Emma's. Janice turned round to see Emma nearly in tears due to her need to pee. Janice thought about it for a moment and then asked Emma if she was willing to pee somewhere else. Emma agreed straight away as her urge was starting to cause physical pain. Both Janice and Emma headed round to the back of the school where it was always empty at lunch time. Once they arrived Janice told Emma to pee in corner. Emma was at first reluctant but Janice told her it would not be discovered as it would have dried up by the end of the day as it was really hot outside.

It took further convincing but Emma decided it was this or have an accident and at 12 years old she was far too old for that. Emma slowly walked over to the corner with her hands in her crotch. When she got there she hiked up her skirt and lowered her pink panties whilst getting in to a low squatting position. When she felt she was in the the right position her flood gates open almost immediately shooting a yellow thick stream of piss from her pee hole to the floor below. The stream came out at such a rate it caused her to moan a little and then sigh with relief. The stream went on for a minute and a half before going into a trickle and then stopping entirely. Emma then pulled up her panties and then walked over to where Janice was waiting. Janice then said she was going to pee there as the line had not shortened and when that was done they walked away and acted like nothing happened.

The end

If I get positive feedback I'll make a part 2 fairly quickly and don't hold back on criticism.

*002*2018-12-31 12:15

Thanks for the feed back I'll be sure to take that into account when I write my next part

*003*2018-12-31 20:20

Part 2

I'll try to improve on this one

On the last day of her junior year at high school Janice was on her way home from the last day. Usually she would walk with her friend Emma but she hadn't bothered to show up she was probably still asleep

Janice was a tall girl for her age and yet underdeveloped in everything except height though she was only 13.

Since it was summer it had been boiling all day and she had drunk a lot of water and not used the bathroom all day.

Janice was starting to notice this and the pressure was starting to build up badly and she was feeling it as she squirmed a little as she walked.

When she reached her local park she frantically looked around for a bathroom before remembering that the one in this park was never open.

She was starting to panic as she lived a long way away and there was no chance she could make it back without peeing herself.

She was considering going back to school until she saw something that warmed her heart. A massive bush that she could crawl inside of and pee in.

She thought about and realised that she had no choice and there was no worry of getting caught as the park was empty.

Janice slowly hobbled over to the bush and this made her recap on the last time she had done this. It had been during her final year at primary school when she had took her friend Emma back there when she was desperate and after Emma she also went back there as well.

She knew the experience of peeing in the corner was different was Emma than it was for her. For Emma it was just to relieve herself out of desperation but for her it felt sexy and left her feeling naughty and eager to do it again and now this was her chance.

She soon reached the bush and pushed back the branches to get inside.

Once inside a grin slowly formed in her face as she hiked her skirt up and lowered her panties. Just before going into a squat position she had an idea to make it seem more exciting.

She decided to try peeing standing up as she had only a skirt and panties on her lower half this would be easier.

She completely removed her panties and hung them on a branch. She bent her knees slightly and lifted her skirt. She breathed deeply before a thick stream of urine shot right out of her urethra causing her moan as her friend Emma had done when she peed in the corner at the back of the playground and she felt the same way when she herself peed in that same corner. She looked down as her stream was still going to admire the length it was travelling and the puddle it was creating on the ground giggling the entire time. Nearly two minutes after she started the stream died down and stopped entirely.

Janice grabbed her panties and noticed tiny wet patches where she must've dribbled in her panties. She then put them back on and walked off giggling.

The end

Note

I decided to focus on Janice for an change want to know if I should just keep it with Janice or make more stories involving Emma or both. Also if I should add new characters and some feedback would also be nice

*004*2018-12-31 20:25

{{18 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

It was a little on the short side. We don't get a lot of time to learn about Emma and Janice, and your descriptions of what's going on, while decent, flirted with cliché. (for example, "her flood gates open[ed]")

I never used to like scenes of peeing on the floor like this, but lately they seem like a much cuter scenario. Maybe the girls here can make sneaky squats a regular thing.

}}

That's a good idea I was originally going to focus on them peeing out of desperation but stories about them peeing for fun would work as well. thanks for the advice

*005*2019-01-01 02:12

Part 2

I'll try to improve on this one

On the last day of her junior year at high school Janice was on her way home from the last day. Usually she would walk with her friend Emma but she hadn't bothered to show up she was probably still asleep

Janice was a tall girl for her age and yet underdeveloped in everything except height though she was only 13.

Since it was summer it had been boiling all day and she had drunk a lot of water and not used the bathroom all day.

Janice was starting to notice this and the pressure was starting to build up badly and she was feeling it as she squirmed a little as she walked.

When she reached her local park she frantically looked around for a bathroom before remembering that the one in this park was never open.

She was starting to panic as she lived a long way away and there was no chance she could make it back without peeing herself.

She was considering going back to school until she saw something that warmed her heart. A massive bush that she could crawl inside of and pee in.

She thought about and realised that she had no choice and there was no worry of getting caught as the park was empty.

Janice slowly hobbled over to the bush and this made her recap on the last time she had done this. It had been during her final year at primary school when she had took her friend Emma back there when she was desperate and after Emma she also went back there as well.

She knew the experience of peeing in the corner was different was Emma than it was for her. For Emma it was just to relieve herself out of desperation but for her it felt sexy and left her feeling naughty and eager to do it again and now this was her chance.

She soon reached the bush and pushed back the branches to get inside.

Once inside a grin slowly formed in her face as she hiked her skirt up and lowered her panties. Just before going into a squat position she had an idea to make it seem more exciting.

She decided to try peeing standing up as she had only a skirt and panties on her lower half this would be easier.

She completely removed her panties and hung them on a branch. She bent her knees slightly and lifted her skirt. She breathed deeply before a thick stream of urine shot right out of her urethra causing her moan as her friend Emma had done when she peed in the corner at the back of the playground and she felt the same way when she herself peed in that same corner. She looked down as her stream was still going to admire the length it was travelling and the puddle it was creating on the ground giggling the entire time. Nearly two minutes after she started the stream died down and stopped entirely.

Janice grabbed her panties and noticed tiny wet patches where she must've dribbled in her panties. She then put them back on and walked off giggling.

The end

Note

I decided to focus on Janice for an change want to know if I should just keep it with Janice or make more stories involving Emma or both. Also if I should add new characters and some feedback would also be nice

*006*2019-01-01 21:04

Part 3

Emma was riding through her local country park with her best friend Janice on a warm day.

Problem being is that Emma needed to pee and her need was growing exponentially though she didn't tell Janice about it as she thought it would be embarrassing.

When the girls stopped for a water break Emma's need was becoming very dire, so dire in fact that she had to dig her hands in her crotch

It didn't help that she drunk a cup of coffee this morning and never used the bathroom before she left.

Meanwhile Janice noticed Emma was acting differently and she knew what was wrong. "Emma do you need to pee." Emma was a little embarrassed as she never asked this so directly before "Yeah badly." She responded her hands dug firmly into her crotch

Janice thought for a moment and then said "Well we'd better find you a toilet."

The two girls got back on their bikes and headed back to find the toilets. It wasn't long before they realised they must've took a wrong turn as they ended up on a dirt path and nothing looked familiar.

"Janice are we lost." Emma said through slightly gritted teeth, Janice could see she was desperate and come to think of it she had been needing to pee as well. Both girls frantically looked around trying to find the right path before continuing on their bikes trying to find a bathroom.

After about another half an hour Emma couldn't ride her bike anymore as she just needed to pee so frickin bad. This meant they were both stuck walking and after a while it became clear that she wouldn't last much longer

"Janice I can't wait any longer if I don't go soon I'm going to piss my pants" Janice could see the true extent of her friends need to pee so Janice came up with a plan "Emma you're going to have to pee on the ground." Emma was extremely reluctant to do this as there were no trees or bushes any where they were basically in a field

"Where would I go there's no bushes." Screamed Emma she was about to say more but then a small spurt of pee escaped her urethra and landed into her panties. Janice asked what was wrong and Emma responded with "I just peed a little." She said this with tears in her eyes and then said "I guess I have no choice." She said this whist walking to the side of the path.

When she was fully off the path she pulled down her trousers along with her damp white panties whilst Janice turned around. She felt she was in the right position she let loose the flow and a long stream flew from her pee hole and splattered to the ground below. Emma breathed a sigh and examined the wet spot on her underwear and then looked at the growing puddle on the grass. She thought to herself its a good job I peed when I did as she was peeing so much.

The peeing lasted for around 2 minutes straight before dying down to a trickle and then stopping completely. Emma got up whilst pulling her trousers and panties back up she then told Janice it was okay to turn around. Once again like the last time she had peed outside Janice asked her if it was okay for her to pee before they left.

Emma agreed to this as Janice began to pull her trousers down. Janice then released the load onto the already wet grass below. Emma was surprised at how powerful Janice's stream sounded, not as powerful as hers but still very strong. Janice then finished up her business and the two rode off trying to leave their puddles behind.

Some feedback on 2 and 3 would be nice

*007*2019-01-01 23:54

I been drafting new ideas as I'm planning on making the next part different I feel its gotten too repetitive and part 4 should be out either today or tomorrow

*008*2019-01-02 01:07

Part 4

Emily and Jamie

Normally for Emily this time of day would consist of walking to catch her train and talking with her friends but today she to go down to the local primary school to pick up her eight year old sister Jamie.

Emily was a tall slim girl with long blonde hair completely different from her little sister who was tiny compared to her classmates and had short thick brown hair she was surprised that they were even related to begin as were many others.

Emily started to grumble to herself as she walked through the gates where her sister would be waiting. Another reason she was in such a bad mood was that she never had a chance to use the bathroom before she left and all the water she drunk during the day was starting to make it's way down her though she could still hold it till she got home

She met her sister in then playground and Jamie was delighted to see her sister though something was off. She seemed more fidgety than usual though she could just be hyper active as eight year olds are.

After that the girls headed towards the train station with Jamie fidgeting all the way and Emily's need to pee growing.

When the girls arrived at the station the train was already there and it would be a 15 minute train ride to their stop. Luckily the train was always very quiet so they found a seat on an empty carriage.

When the train started moving Emily noticed Jamie with her hand in her crotch and then realised what was wrong with her.

Emily said to her"Do you need to pee?" She replied by nodding and saying "Badly. I don't think I'll make it."

Emily panicked for a second because there was no toilet on the train. But she then remembered she had an empty 750ml bottle in her backpack

Emily stood there for a minute watching her sister squirm and then listen to her claiming to have dribbled in her panties. Emily realised something had to be done.

She turned to her sister and said "Would you be willing to pee in a bottle?" Jamie quickly nodded not expecting it to be so easy to convince her she must've been bursting

Emily told her to stand up and she did. Since she was wearing a school uniform with only under wear and a skirt covering her bottom half this would be easy and another bonus the bottle had a very wide hole in it.

When Jamie stood up Emily slowly lifted her skirt and removing her panties slowly. She then placed the bottle over her sisters pee hole and then told her to relax her bladder muscles.

Once her sister did this the effect was almost instantaneous as a stream of pee exited her bladder and landed her bottle. Jamie let out a sigh of relief claiming she had to go all day and never got the chance. Her stream continued until the bottle was nearly filled to the brim with her sisters piss.

Emily then fastened the lid on tightly as she did not want it spilt. She then deposited the bottle at the toilet at their stop before having a much needed piss herself and then she walked her sister home.

The end

I decided to do a different kind of story as i felt my previous were getting repetitive should I do more new structures or keep to ones like these

*011*2019-01-04 16:00

{{15 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Those were awesome stories

}}

Thanks

*012*2019-01-04 21:12

Part 5

Jamie

Jamie trotted through the school gates in the morning with her friend Abigail. Like most days they just sat around waiting for the bell to ring and to line up to meet their teacher.

It was only about an hour into the school day when Jamie began to feel a familiar feeling in her abdomen. Since she had woken up a little later today she did not have time to use the bathroom before leaving for school and she had had a lot to drink in the time she did have.

She decided would wait as she could barely feel the need to go and the teacher surely wouldn't let her go this early in the morning.

Before break Jamie finished off a whole 500ml bottle of water and still never used the bathroom at break as the bathrooms they were told to use at break and lunch were filthy.

Over the course between break and lunch Jamie filled up and drank her bottle of water again and still decided she would wait until lunch to go pee even though she was starting to fidget with the pressure.

When lunch came around Jamie had her hands in her crotch as she had to go so bad the last time she had to go this bad she ended up having to pee in a bottle on a train.

After Jamie had her lunch and her class were let outside and Jamie headed straight to bathroom leaking a little with the pressure

When she got to the bathroom she was greeted with a line of about 10 girls about half of which with their hands in their crotches.

It turns out only one stall was in access and their were probably more girls in the actual bathroom

Jamie was about to give up all hope of it but then she remembered that the teachers were all in the staff room and their would be no one to stop her from going to the upstairs bathroom .

She fast as her bladder would allow ran up stairs leaking a little I'm the process and soon enough reached the upstairs bathroom and ran inside only to realise one mistake she made. She had accidently ran into the boys bathroom and this one had no stalls only urinals and sinks

At this point Jamie's bladder was close to bursting and releasing pee in her pants so without thinking she dropped her pants squatted and peed right on the floor.

Jamie's stream burst out before she could even get full into the right position and when she did she breathed a sigh of relief and then panicked over what would happen if someone found this. When she thought about it she realised they would only suspect the boys as it was a boys bathroom. Her stream continued for over a minute and left a massive puddle on the floor below her. She then quickly got her pants back up and paced off back to the playground.

*014*2019-01-09 17:11

I gotta tell the truth I'm out of ideas and need some help I need you guys to send me some suggestions

*016*2019-01-09 17:32

{{10 minutes ago, Imouto Bouquet said:

Some random ideas for scenarios which may lead to the desired outcome:

1. Peeing into a stream/river.

2. At the beach/swimming pool.

3. At a natural hot spring

4. At an amusement park

5. During a Camping trip/School Field Trip

6. At a Live Outdoor Concert

7. By the roadside before/after a Day Trip

Hopefully, these prompts for direction should help somewhat.

}}

Thanks and I didn't expect a response so soon thank you

*019*2019-01-09 18:47

{{27 minutes ago, Imouto Bouquet said:

Not all squats to pee have to be controlled. Some may come as a natural response when all is lost to try and mitigate the damage which may be dealt to clothing.

Now for a little bit of constructive advice: A common theme between the most recent four parts is that the character in question "never had a chance to go" beforehand. This may work for a couple of stories but it becomes predictable if overused. Some different things you could try to validate the pressing need for the toilet might be:

1. Super long line for the toilets (Overused as well, but a solid one)

2. Attempting to go but being pulled away at the last minute for whatever reason. If the character in question is naturally helpful, then they might forgo a visit when it's 'not that bad' if someone requests help with something. This may backfire to their detriment later.

3. Toilets are available but in horrible/poor condition.

4. Being too embarrassed to excuse themselves to the toilet. First time date with their crush? (Amusement Park, maybe).

5. Don't want to inconvenience others so opt to hold it until it gets really bad.

You've got potential but it's just the case of fully unlocking it.

}}

Thanks for the support I'll take all this into consideration for the next part

*021*2019-02-21 19:04

Hey guys I know its been ages since I last updated this but I'm finally and this next story will be a two partner

Part6

Louise

Louise was a relatively developed child for her age of 12 she had decent sized breasts and a nice ass

Since she and her family often went on roadtrips she had gotten used to stuff like peeing on the road side and into a plastic bottle but never had she done it when her friends were around as she had a strong bladder and was able to hold it for a while

On this particular day she was on her way home from a school trip abroad and it was a 6 hour bus drive from where she was.

She was sitting at the back of the bus with her friend Katey as the trip only contained a small amount of people and there were tons of empty seats between the girls and the rest of there classmates .

All had seemed to be going well for the girls until they both got a familiar feeling in their abdomens .

Katey told Louise that she had to pee and she confirmed that she too felt the need to go. the bus they were on did have a toilet but the bus company did not give them permission to use it so they had to wait till they got back to school

At this point Louise seemed to be taking it better than Katey as she already had her hands dug into her crotch whilst Louise was sitting up straight keeping her composure.

Katey whispered d over to Louise "I don't think I'm going to make it" Louise says to her "just don't think about it" she replies back with "that's what I've been doing I've just been holding it since before we left " she then stopped speaking suddenly before leaning as her bladder spasmed causing a leak of pee to shoot into her pink panties

Katie herself was not as developed as her friend but still attractive for her age and since today she was wearing right trousers the wetness showed a little on her ass

Katie started to panic as she was not going to last long until she had an idea.

She whispered over to Louise " Louise I'm going to pee into my water bottle " Louise looked over to her clearly shocked as she starting d to get her 1.5 litre bottle out her bag luckily it had a wide top so it would be quite easy. she took one look over to make sure no one was looking before slowly removing her trousers relieving pink damp panties showing Louise she had leaked a little she then removed her panties to the bottom of her thies she said to Louise "don't look " but fore slowly raising her but above the seat and putting the bottle in Tue position of her urethra she wasted no time in letting the flow come out as a quiet stream of pee exited her labia. Louise glance d over impressed at the amount of pee her friend and was holding on and she thought she must've been desperate. the stream continued on for 2 minutes completely filling the bottle. When she finished she put the cap on and pulled her panties back up and quickly put the bottle in her bag .

This didn't help Louise as she had no where to pee and was more desperate due to her friend peeing and she was scared she was gonna have an accident.

End of part one

Feedback would be nice

*023*2019-02-22 18:01

{{22 hours ago, jimpix123 said:

If you're gonna write a story about children then tag it like that, not everyone wants to read that shit

}}

Apologies

*024*2019-02-22 19:38

Part 6/2

Louise seeing her friend peeing had not helped her desperation at all good news was that if she leaked she was wearing a skirt and leggings and it would not be as visible unlike when katey leaked in her trousers.

Louise was starting to worry a lot as she had to hold herself to stop her from wetting and it was only getting worse.

This whole time her friend Katey was comforting her having not long peed in a bottle.

Suddenly the bus hit a bump which caused a spurt to escape louise's pee hole and dampen her pink panties at this point it was becoming physically painful and the first leak was followed by a smaller leak which nearly dampend her leggings

Louise panicked as she new she wouldn't make it back to school without pissing herself.

Katey then tapped on her shoulder and she lookednto her right to see her holding a discarded water proof bag which had been laying on the seat but hind them. Katey gave the bag to her and said "pee in this"

Louise was reluctant but as a much longer spurt escaped her bladder muscles and began to dampen her leggings she realised she had no choice.

She gave a hand message telling Katey to turn around and once she did she opened the bag to find it empty and luckily it was waterproof so it wouldn't show .

She slowly hiked up her skirt revealing her slightly damp leggings and hoping none of her classmates saw her she then removed her life leggings and kept an eye out to make sure she was not seen. she then removed her now soaked pink panties and positioned her urethra over the open part of the bag she gave a sigh of relief before a small stream escaped and trickled in to the bag. she tried to let out as little a stream as she could to reduce noise but it ended up making a slight hissing sound causing her to worry a little. the stream continued on for about two minutes and a bit l. longer than her friends Katey's stream had lasted.

After the two and a half minute mark the stream stopped and Louise zippd the bag back up and left it under her seat. before pulling her leggings and pants back up she examined the damage to her leggings and saw that the wettness had dripped down a little but was not that visible she then pulled her leggings and pants back up and went into her normal position

When the bus arrived back at their school it was home time and both louise and Katey werw the first to leave not wanting anyone to learn of their incident

The end

I hope this progress justifies the long wait

