A Trip To Rajmahal Fort

Author: Pain

*000*2015-09-09 18:57

(I just found this story lying in my hard drive so I decided to post it here. I wrote it around 6-7 years back, so don't expect too much out of it. It is just something I wrote for fun back then.)

Today was finally the day of our much awaited trip to the Rajmahal Fort. As I stepped out of my bed, the cool morning breeze flowing in through the window, promised of a fun filled day ahead.

The other day, while I was on phone with Parul ,she suddenly came up with this idea to go for an outing along with our group of friends from school. Coming weekend accompanied the fervor of the day before New Year’s, a perfect time to hang out with friends. To be true, my college life sucked, and I really needed some action , so here I was, getting my car out of the garage as the thrill and excitement of what was to come, filled me. After picking up Suyash, Parul , Preeti and Sneha from their places , we began our 5 hour long journey to the village where our destination, The Rajmahal Fort was situated.

The village also hosted an annual fair at this point of the year, which was quite popular in the region , so a visit there was on the cards too.

Soon enough the car cabin was filled with bursts of laughter and anecdotes of our school lives, God what I would have given to be with my friends.

Since the day we were done with our schooling , this was the first time we had caught up with each other. Our hectic schedules never allowed us to spare time for our friends, hence this trip meant lot more to me than just an outing, it was more like getting my childhood back for a moment.

As I drove, Parul, who was sitting next to me took a bottle of water out from her bag and had a sip. I couldn’t help but notice that the bottle was already half empty.

She wore a small white skirt that day, matched with a blue top. Her long black hair tucked behind her ears, made my heart skip a beat. I tried concentrating on driving, since the traffic was heavy and being distracted was the last thing I wanted to be right now.

“You brought what I asked you for?” , I heard Sneha’s voice .

“How would I ever forget that?” Suyash replied with a faint laugh.

I took a glimpse from my rear view mirror, to get a hold of what they were talking about. I saw Suyash unzip his carry bag and he whipped out two cans of beer, handing one over to Sneha.

“You guys want some?” he asked, showing his bag full of beer cans.

“No not at all!” Parul replied with a bit of disgust on her face.

“If I knew you’d be bringing alcohol, I would have never tagged along ” Preeti stated, turning her face away to look out of the window.

“Oh come on guys, chill” Sneha countered, “It’s not like we are forcing you to have it” she added.

Suddenly there was an air of discomfort and uneasiness amongst us, “Dude, how much beer did you bring along anyway?” I asked.

“Oh I brought a couple of six packs” Suyash replied.

“Okay, but just make sure you don’t drink too much” I suggested as our car blazed its way against the wind.

As Suyash and Sneha enjoyed their drinks, I put on the radio to turn everyone’s mood a little lighter.

It was around 8:30 am when we reached the outskirts of the city. I shot a look at Preeti through the mirror.

I saw her, leaning her head out of the window as the wind rustled through her hair, just a thought of how beautiful she was ran through my mind.

“Are there any toilets ahead?” she asked, breaking my flow of thoughts, “I don’t know”, I replied. We had been on the road for just half an hour and she needed to go already?

“Hey do you both want to have some fruit juice?” Preeti asked, ignoring Suyash and Sneha as she turned around and retrieved her carry bag from the trunk.

“No, I am good” I replied.

“Well, looks like it’s going to be just you and me then” Preeti said, taking out a 1200ml carton of Guava flavored juice and passing it over to Parul, as she kept the Pomegranate variant for herself, “I brought these along for all of us but since, no one else is interested…” she taunted, trying to highlight her annoyance towards the alcohol consumption by my other two best friends.

“Is there any way we could have it by lunch?” Parul asked, showing her carton of juice.

“They are chilled right now, they may not taste as good later” Preeti replied.

“Okay..” Parul said , opening it to have a gulp. Within 20 minutes , both of them had chugged down their cartons empty.

As I drove rather slowly looking for a place to stop, Parul suddenly pointed out, “Look , a dhabha!”

Dhabhas are these cheap restaurants mostly found along highways. I love dhabhas for the fact that mostly the food is fresh and delicious with a really earthy flavor to it.

Seemed like it was the time to make a pit stop. As soon as I parked, as expected Parul and Preeti went straight for the only toilet stall present, while Suyash and Sneha didn’t bother to get out as they were busy drinking and chatting.

I too went to a nearby snacks stall to get all of us something to eat. As the vendor handed over five samosas to me, Parul and Preeti came back.

“Wow, that was fast…” I said.

“The toilets here are so filthy, I just couldn’t step in, let’s go somewhere else…” Preeti stated.

“Are you sure? I mean, I’m not sure if there are any toilets near ahead..” I responded.

“Nah, we are fine” Parul quoted, “By the way those samosas look tasty”, she said, before we gorged on them, this moment took me back to the days when we used to share our lunch at school. Those days were the best days!

After we had our small but spicy snack, we all felt the need for something to drink ,so I ordered three glasses of lassi for us at the dhabha counter.

Lassi is this sweet drink made out of yogurt and it tastes really good. While we were enjoying each sip of our lassi, I saw Suyash get out of the car and head for the toilet. Man, does alcohol does catch up quickly.

After draining our big glasses dry, all three of us got back to the car.

“Sneha, do you want something to eat?’ I asked putting my head inside through the window.

“No I am good” she stated, “I am having a headache actually…”. She looked a bit nauseated , hardly able to keep her eyes open now.

“I really don’t want you to throw up inside my car!” I joked.

“Don’t worry ,I won’t do that, I can hold my drinks just fine,” she replied, holding her forehead.

I shot a look at my wrist watch, it was 10 am, seriously who gets drunk like that at 10 am?!

I offered Suyash the left over samosa when he came back; even he looked slightly cranky.

Nevertheless as the journey progressed, both Suyash and Sneha fell asleep on the back seat of the car. After an hour, the rising temperature had started to parch my throat and I felt the need to quench my thirst again, “Preeti can I have a little water?”

“I am sorry,” she said, as she slid her hand between the two front seats holding her empty bottle of water besides me.

“I too have run out of water to drink,” Parul added slowly, making sure not to disturb the sleeping passengers.

After a while I stopped at a general store to buy myself a small pouch of water.

“Get me a bottle too,” Parul said, “…and don’t forget me!” Preeti added after her.

“Yeah sure” I answered. While buying from the store, I felt a strong need to pee.

The tall glass of lassi I had earlier was really catching up to me so I just decided to relive myself behind a wall before going back.

After I was done, I washed my hands, took the bottles of water from the shop counter and went back to my car, “Here you go…” I said , as I handed over a refrigerated bottle of water to Parul and Preeti each.

“Oh thank you,” Preeti said as she opened her bottle and took a sip, “I was so thirsty”.

After a really long and tiresome journey we finally reached the village by 1:00 pm. We paid tax on the toll booth, the fort was situated a few kilometers from there. All this while Parul and Preeti had been taking sips from their bottles .This was for the first time I observed a bulge around Parul’s abdomen. Was it her bladder filling?

If yes then it wasn’t long before she would have to make a trip to the ladies.

On the way , some monkeys sitting by the roadside caught our attention, a perfect opportunity to get some pictures for Facebook. Monkeys are a common sight in the villages of India, people here have religious sentiments attached to them, so we all hold monkeys in the highest of regards.

Parul , Preeti and I got out of the car and tried to click some pictures with our new friends but they just won’t pose for the camera. I shared some biscuits with them and their numbers increased from two to four within the blink of an eye.

On the other side of the road ,Preeti spotted a coconut water stall, “Hey Parul, let’s get one of those.”

I was left mesmerized, these pretty girls were loading themselves up on heavy amounts of fluids, it wouldn’t have taken long for their bladders to fill up like balloons at this rate.

Drinking coconut water is a great way to beat the heat and we rarely got to see any of these stalls in the city, so maybe grabbing one wasn’t a bad idea after all.

The vendor sliced off two coconuts by their heads and made a hole in them , he slid straws inside both before offering it to the girls, warding off any monkeys that tried to get a coconut from his stock.

“Would you like to have one?” Preeti offered.

“No thanks” I replied ,as monkeys surrounded me to snatch the remaining biscuits, after I lost whatever eatables I had in my hand, we all climbed back into the car, both girls relieved that the monkeys didn’t bother them.

As we progressed on our journey, we came across several open pieces of land where girls could have easily taken a pee, but they declined , wanting to wait for a proper loo.

The villagers had built houses on the either sides of the highway, with bangles to hand made embroidery on sale in the small shops they had opened in their houses. Most of their earnings were from the tourists who came along to visit the fort.

Eatables weren’t allowed inside the historical monument so we decided to have our lunch before we proceeded any further.

I located another of those dhabhas and parked. “Oh, are we stopping?” Suyash asked rubbing his eyes as he woke up, “I really have to hit the junk after all that beer.”

“I too have to go,” I thought, for me to be wanting to go again, Preeti and Parul would have had been bursting, but it didn’t look so.

Leaving Sneha sound asleep, the remaining four of us ventured out to freshen ourselves up and grab something to eat. As luck would have it ,there were no toilets there.

Me and Suyash took a leak amongst a cluster of trees just a few feet away from the road, while it indeed provided some cover, anyone squatting would have been clearly visible from a distance, so Parul and Preeti decided to hold it.

……

“I never knew that there was such a serious lack of loos around here” Parul said as we read through the food menu displayed on the dhabha’s wall.

I swallowed the lump in my throat before looking down at her swollen abdomen, it had grown bigger, much bigger than before. The thought of what a big gusher she might be building inside her bladder groped my mind. I couldn’t help but feel aroused now.

“Do you need to go bad?” I asked, assuming she would say yes.

“No, it’s fine” she replied instead, as she continued gazing at the portion of the dhabha’s wall written over with menu items,

“Let’s order that” she said pointing towards one of the options.

I wondered if she was lying, with her bladder that swollen, there should have been nothing but toilets on her mind.

“Yes that looks nice,” Preeti said, even she was sporting a prominent bulge, peeking out over the top of her blue jeans.

These ladies were definitely going to unload a gallon of pee later that day. It looked like they both were hiding footballs in their abdomens. I was surprised that not even one of them was desperate for the loos yet.

I was mighty turned on now. Later when all of us were waiting for our lunch to be served, I excused myself to the car to get my wallet. I found Parul’s second bottle of water empty, while Preeti’s sat one-fourth full.

Sneha looked pretty even while asleep, but I didn’t have time for this, since I had to keep an eye on both the girls.

I came back and sat next to Suyash, a boy placed glasses of water for us and went on to the next table.

As we all downed them empty, I noticed Parul rubbing her abdomen under the table. Maybe a sign that she was feeling the strain of her now full bladder.

While we had our lunch I couldn’t help but think about just how much Parul and Preeti had drunk earlier and the fact that they hadn’t been to the loos yet, told of their superior holding capability.

While Suyash complained about his hangover, I slightly peeped down the table to see if any of the girls were crossing their legs just in case they had started to feel desperate , but that didn’t seemed to be the case.

Both of them conveyed a relaxed demeanor, like they weren’t the ones holding back rivers of pee.

I was trying to keep my excitement hidden as we all talked and laughed. After our lunch, we all had another glass of water before heading back to the car, only to find Sneha drinking again.

“When did you get up?” I asked, “Don’t you want have your lunch?”

“No I’m good, aren’t there any loos around here?” This was when I noticed her crossed legs, one of the first signs that she was starting to grow desperate.

“I am afraid not” I replied, “Is it an emergency?” I asked, hoping at least she would say yes.

“Nah, it’s not an emergency, but it would have been good if I could go somewhere, all that beer is really making its way down.”

“There is nowhere you can go here, maybe we should drive along, look for a secluded place somewhere on the way?” I suggested.

“Oh yeah, that sounds great.” There was a ray of uneasiness in her tone, as if something was really bothering her, I suspected it to be her need to pee but alas, I had no proof.

“Talking about the loos, I too could use a good pee after all that water” Preeti stated, cutting into our conversation.

“Yes it would be good if the fort has a bathroom in it, ”Parul smirked, as she climbed in the car too.

I couldn’t believe my ears, three girls, all longing to pee were now inside my car and they had handed me the responsibility to find a loo. My state of arousal had reached a new peak by now as I had an erection like never before.

We took the way to the fort enjoying each bit of the scenic view around.

“I have drunk so much, I’ll be squatting for ages taking a piss” Sneha stated.

“After drinking like 9 cans of beer, you surely will” Suyash responded, in a tone that conveyed displeasure, obviously he was angry with Sneha for drinking almost entire lot of beer he had brought along.

I was finding it really difficult to drive with my dick really erect now. I was so turned on, my body was shaking with arousal.

As I parked near the banyan tree adjacent to the fort’s ticket counter, all three girls stepped out, “Are there any toilets around here?” Parul asked the man sitting inside.

“Yeah, you have to go behind the fort, there are loos there” he responded.

“Okay, thanks” she replied.

“Let’s go there first,” Preeti requested.

As we all walked towards the loo, I felt disheartened as the girls were now a few feet away from relieving themselves.

I so wanted them to hold it longer ,but it seemed that this was the end of it. What would have been a once in a lifetime opportunity to witness three girls desperate for the loos was coming to an abrupt closure.

I saw Sneha hobbling down the way, maybe her bladder was way too full to walk normally.

We reached there to find that it was one of those Tardis-type loos, which meant we would need some coins to get it open.

These type of loos were hard to find in India , but this seemed to be an exception.

“This is the first time I’m gonna use one” Parul smirked, before she asked me for some change, since none of the girls had carried their purse along.

I had some coins in my wallet but I said I didn’t have any. She then asked Suyash, but it turned out that he actually didn’t have any money on him.

“Looks like we will have to walk all the back to the car,” Sneha said, grabbing her butt with both her hands.

“No we can’t do that, once you are out of the main gate your ticket expires” I countered, I was happy with where this was going.

“Okay, fine let’s visit the fort first” Sneha stated, “But let’s get back soon, I really have to pee.”

I was so happy, excited and horny at that moment that I can’t even begin to describe it. My penis was almost pitching a tent through my jeans, making it really difficult to walk around normally.

As we all strode along the magnificent stone walls of the Rajmahal Fort, praising the exquisite carvings of the ancient period, I could notice that Preeti looked distressed now. Her bladder had expanded to great measures and it looked as if it was sticking out eight inches. She was repeatedly pulling the waistband of her jeans away, maybe because it was putting way too much pressure down there.

“Are you desperate?” I whispered , making sure no one else could listen.

“I can’t wait to pee” she answered, involuntarily rubbing her thighs together. On the other hand, one glance at Parul told that she was doing completely fine. She wasn’t showing any signs of desperation at all, although her bladder looked way more swollen than Preeti’s.

Sneha, who was also sporting a big bulge, was now busy taking pictures with Suyash.

These girls had now made themselves busying in enjoying the view around, not to mention, while holding precariously full bladders

I was in paradise, what else could I’ve wished for? A whole 40 minute walk around the gigantic fort had made the girls even more desperate for the loos.

“I think we are done here, let’s get going, I’m dying for the toilets,” Preeti said.

“Yes, I too have to go” Sneha added.

There was no delaying it now, the girls made their exit with me and Suyash right behind them.

Sneha went straight for the car and stood there, bouncing on her knees, waiting for me to unlock it.

“Don’t you think it’s a bad idea? You’d have to pay a hefty fee for the ticket to get back inside the fort premises and use the loo, couldn’t you just wait a little longer, I’m sure the fair we are going to will have toilets,” I said. Although I was sure that it was just the opposite, Indian fairs are mostly ill financed and cheap, they probably couldn’t afford to have a loo on an open ground.

“You better be right, I having been stopping my pee for so long now, it is driving me crazy” she said , getting inside the car.

“Yeah seriously, we haven’t been since morning,” Preeti blurted, standing with her hands on her hips now.

“Relax guys, we’ll be there in no time” Suyash said, trying to handle the situation.

I made Suyash drive till the next stop. Now I was on the back seat with Sneha and Preeti on either of my sides. Two girls with bladders swollen like basketballs sitting next to me, I was indeed the happiest man on earth. After a while, I partially laid down on the seat, with my head on Sneha’s thighs. She didn’t object to it, at first. I could feel her rock hard bladder bulge with my head.

As I tried to turn my head around , she groaned in pain, “Carefully, don’t press down there!”

“Your bladder feels so big, you must be holding a lot,” I murmured as a feeling of lust ran through my mind and body.

“Oh you don’t know, it gets bigger than this” she replied , it was like a fantasy come true. A girl who seemed to be at her maximum capacity, claimed to be able hold more than what her bladder was already containing.

It seemed like her bladder had the walls of steel. I could feel the liters of liquid she was containing in her tank. Dear Lord, how had she been holding all that?

I again pressed her slightly with my head, “Don’t do that, I really have to pee”, she scolded, I must tell that no pillow is sexier than the bulging bladder of a woman.

Sneha who had consumed 9 of those 450ml beer cans and she was brimming over with hot beer piss inside her bladder.

I simultaneously glanced at Preeti, who was sitting with her legs crossed. She too was desperate now, longing to use the toilets at the fair.

Making our way in the overcrowded fair to search for toilets was a task in itself. People bumping in from all the directions, made matters worse for the girls who were nursing such full bladders.

“I can’t see any loos here” Preeti said, her voice suppressed by all the commotion around us.

“Looks like the world is conspiring against us,” Parul said with a smile. They obviously were worried about when and where they were going to pee, but chose not to show their concern.

The temple where this annual fair was held as the form of a celebration, was situated on hill, which at that point of time was right in front of us.

“I think we should go there, seek blessings from the pandit maybe? ” I suggested, only trying to make the girls wait longer.

“I don’t want to walk that long, my feet hurt” Parul retaliated.

“We should go, who knows you might find a toilet there…” I said, there was a huge possibility that the temple had a loo, but this was a risk I had to take.

“Okay fine,” Sneha sighed.

As we walked towards the temple, I could see the girls’ abdomens protruding out of their clothes. The volumes inside their bladders were increasing by each moment.

We walked into the temple and bowed in front of the god’s idol. In Hindu temples, sacrament is offered by priests to devotees as holy offerings from the god or goddess.

Most temples offer Charanamrit, a concoction of milk and water considered sacred, but some temples have their unique sacraments.

This temple offered its devotees milk and that too in alloy glasses big enough to hold almost a liter of it.

Parul, Preeti and Sneha looked at each other. They had been needing to go to the loos for hours now and the last thing they wanted was more liquid heading for their already super swollen bladders.

Refusing the sacrament, or prasad as we call it, was out of option, they had to drink it. Their bladders would just have to stretch a little more.

I was thanking my stars, never did I knew that this day would turn out to be so exciting.

Chugging down our glasses full of milk, as we stood in a deformed circle, I could see Preeti wiggling her legs and Sneha caressing her bladder.

Parul too, who had been putting up a tough demeanor all this while was beginning to fidget a little, but she didn’t seem to be as desperate as the other two girls.

“Are there any toilets around here?” Sneha asked the priest, handing him over the empty glass back.

“Yes there a few toilets in the ashram,” he replied, pointing towards the small building adjacent to the temple.

Sneha made a bee line towards it, followed by Preeti and Parul close behind.

I watched them walk away, carrying gallons of pee, within themselves. Sneha walked rather rigidly, while Preeti took short confined steps, these girls really did have to pee. But Parul walked quite gracefully towards the loos. Either she wasn’t as desperate as Preeti and Sneha were or she was just acting tough.

When we got there, it turned out that, it was a single loo for the entire building with a long line of people already standing to get inside. We certainly couldn’t wait that long, since a five hour long drive was ahead of us, we had to leave before it was dark.

And perhaps this could have acted as an excellent excuse for me to stop the girls from using the loos.

“We can’t wait till it’s your turn, it is definitely gonna take a lot of time,” I told the girls, who were standing at the end of a notoriously long queue.

“What do you want us to do?” Parul asked, “Where else do we go, there are no other toilets around here…”

“I can’t leave, I have been needing to pee for so long now and there certainly aren’t any loos on the way back home,” Preeti said.

“I understand but, we absolutely have to leave before it’s dark, plus I think you could just pop a squat anywhere along the road?” Suyash jumped into the conversation.

“There is absolutely no way, I’m climbing back inside that car without going to the loo first,” Sneha said, hers hands wrapped around her chest and thighs rubbing against each other.

Preeti and Sneha’s bladders looked swollen even in skin tight jeans. They were showcasing such control, it made me think if they had actually blocked their holes to make it physically impossible to pee.

Parul who had certainly impressed me with her cool and calm demeanor even while needing to pee so much was now facing problems too. Her bladder had expanded incredibly, making it look like she had a basketball hidden under her top.

I was confused on how Parul’s bulge seemed to be bigger than Preeti’s while they both had almost the same amount of fluids.

Even after my repeated persuasions, the three of them stood there in the line for a good hour, before throwing in the towel when they realized that they had barely moved since when they joined.

“This is sick, my bladder is bursting” Sneha sighed, frantically jumping from foot to foot, trying to take off some pressure from her distended bladder.

“Let’s just leave, we will find a spot somewhere on the way,” Preeti insisted.

There was no second guessing from the other two girls, they just broke off from the line and started walking towards the car.

“I’ve never held my pee this long before,” Sneha stated, continuing on her way.

“You girls carry on we will be back in a moment,” I said before signaling Suyash with my eyes to follow me. We went behind the ashram to pee after that big glass of milk. Some men were already there draining their dragons, and we rushed back after doing our job.

We found the girls standing by the car waiting for us, each of them now having mammoth full bladders, jutting out of their tops.

The weather was getting rather cold too, which meant we had to get our jackets and sweaters out before we progressed any further.

“I hope you girls will be able to hold it till we find a secluded spot, I don’t want any of you to have an accident in my car,” I said trying to sound innocent.

“Excuse me?!” Sneha retaliated, “I have never wet myself, I have a bladder with the walls of steel and nothing can come out of it without my permission,” she stated, clearly offended by my statement.

“Oh and if you think I am gonna wet myself like a little schoolgirl ,then you are highly mistaken my friend,” Parul grumbled, showing her disagreement too, “…I still have room to hold more in my bladder, and I can hold it as long as I want to.”

“The only reason I had to pee is because I am holding so much, but if you really think I will go all over your seat, then it will be a point of utmost pride for me to show you how a real urine tank works,” Preeti kept her point as well.

These girls were now out to beat me down to the ground with holding prowess , but I too was adamant to break their pride.

I had poked the hornet’s nest but this was going to be fun rather than danger.

Twenty minutes into the drive, the girls’ bladders were seriously ballooning. None of them had said a word about loos all this while.

Preeti and Sneha sat with their legs crossed , while Parul still sitting by my side, had her thighs pressed together.

It was around 5 pm , when we crossed by the dhabha we had our lunch in, which meant we had the entire journey lying ahead of us.

I noticed that my car was almost about to run out of fuel and then I decided to have some fun with the opportunity.

I crossed the petrol pump, not getting in to refill. I was damn sure the car would automatically stop a few kilometers later ,but anyways, I willing pushed the brakes and made it stop after a few sudden jolts making it look like it has broken down.

“Damn we’ve run out of petrol, I think we might have to push the car till we find another petrol pump,” I said, looking over my shoulder.

The girls reluctantly obliged. All four of us got out to push the car till the petrol pump situated a few kilometers ahead, while Suyash took care of the steering wheel since none of the girls knew how to drive. I asked him not to start the ignition just to make sure he doesn’t start the car. Obviously I couldn’t tell him why I was doing this.

Looking at girls, pushing the car while nursing swollen bladders was really arousing , especially Parul who was wearing a short skirt .

“If this car ran on piss instead of petrol, I would have been more than happy to fill the tank for you” Sneha joked.

All three of them were finding it difficult to exert much force to push the car forward since all their energy was being consumed in keeping their bladders shut. The cold weather wasn’t helping either, each of the girls was facing a much higher level of pressure in their bladders than before, but none of them was willing to stop and take a leak behind the bushes just because it was a matter of pride.

Even standing still had been putting a lot pressure on their bladders, god knows what strain it would have been to push a car forward.

After 15 minutes of this, I noticed that the girls were really distressed. They looked extremely tired and the fact that they had needed to pee for so long, made me feel for them, I decided, it was time to end the gig.

I switched places with Suyash and acted like I was trying to start the car. Eventually after a few fake attempts, I turned the ignition on.

“Quick! Get in!” I yelled, as they all adhered to my words and we drove off .

I somehow managed to drag my car till the next gas station. I could almost hear my heart pounding with curiosity, will the girls visit the loos here? But to my surprise none of them got out.

After the tank was refilled, we hit the road , and this time I made sure to drive faster due to the fact that the sun was completely set now and the girls had to get back home soon or their parents would have been really angry. Suyash who didn’t give a fuck about what was happening , dozed off on the back seat.

There still was a three hour ride left before we could enter the city, so I was sure to witness some serious desperation.

Three girls were now trapped in my car, needing to piss like crazy. This was going to be their longest ride home ever.

For the first time I saw Parul squirming on her seat and massaging her swollen bladder, she was getting really desperate.

“This is gonna be the biggest piss of my life,” Sneha said out of the blue, she was now admitting to the fact she was bursting for the loos and I was secretly glad that she was so open about her needs.

The hot iron rod in my pants grew a little bigger as I forced myself to concentrate on the road. My body was shivering with arousal.

“How long is it gonna take?” Preeti asked, rubbing her crossed thighs.

“It’s gonna take a while…I can pull over if you can’t hold it,” I replied, this was a risk I had to take, suggesting her to pee on the roadside while expecting her to decline my offer.

“No, it’s okay, just drive a little faster alright?”, she just wasn’t ready to admit that her bladder was bursting with liters of pee in it, she had to go like crazy and so did the other two girls but their egos were making them endure tormenting bladders till they reached home.

Heavy traffic on the way was adding to the plight, girls were growing frantic now .

Sneha was giving her crotch good squeezes from time to time as she made sure neither Preeti nor Suyash noticed her doing so.

“How are you doing there?” Preeti asked Sneha who was sitting by her side.

“You have no idea how much I am holding right now, I had a big bottle of water before I left home” she replied taking Preeti’s hand and placing it on her bulge. Even this light pressure made Sneha wince and close her eyes in pain.

“It’s rock hard just like mine,” Preeti said. They both were climbing the ropes and it wouldn’t have been long before they actually lost control and wet themselves.

Parul although was at a slightly better position than her friends, was the one who had drank the most that day. After she had got up at 5 that morning, she had drank a copious amount of water and coffee before leaving .

All three of them seemed to be at the same level of desperation, but it was Sneha who was really on the limit of her capability to hold on.

She was stealing herself from yelling at me to pull over so she could pee on the roadside, because she had to prove that she could hold her pee as long as she wanted to.

Parul could now feel her bladder walls stretching to make space for all the liquid streaming inside it. Her sweater concealed her bulge to a great extent but still her mega full urine container was somewhat visible to me.

“It’s getting hard to hold on,” she reported, frantically rubbing her knees , “Could you please put on the heater , it’s getting really cold.”

I gratefully obliged, the hot air coming from the car’s air conditioner might have helped the girls a little but it wasn’t enough to calm down their throbbing tanks.

As the final leg of our journey came, the severity of desperation escalated greatly for the girls.

“Why is this taking so long? I’m breaking my neck trying to hold it here…” Parul informed.

“Oh, I thought you could hold your pee as long as you wanted to?” I mocked her with a sly smile.

“Listen, I am not joking, you have no clue about just how much I have had to drink since morning.”

Preeti too was now extremely nervous and frantic. She could feel the first few drops of pee dribble into her panties. Her cheeks grew red with embarrassment but it was too late to ask to pull over so she could pee on the roadside as we had already entered a highly populated area.

Each bump on the road made her bladder want to go explode, the mammoth load of piss she had been holding for so long was now getting to impossible to handle.

She frantically rubbed her lower thighs, when another spurt escaped forcing her to jam her hand into her crutch.

She took spars breaths trying to control the impending flood without letting anyone know that she was on the verge of having a really massive accident.

Sneha noticed Preeti holding herself between the legs,” Are you alright?” she whispered.

“Ya, I’m fine,” Preeti replied, but deep in her mind, she knew she was far from fine.

She crossed her legs tighter, trying to fight the pressure till she got home, but her sphincters were all taxed out.

She felt her pee hole open to let out a 2 second long stream of pee into her pants before she could break the flow.

She could feel the wetness on her butt as the urine started to make its way into the seat. The back of her jeans and seat both had developed wet patches as big as a baseball, but she was successful in covering it, at least as of now. She was doing her best to hide what was happening to her. She had to hold it anyhow because she knew, once it started coming out, it was gonna be a big one.

Her eyes filled with tears as she mustered up the remaining strength to hold on to her deliriously exhausted bladder but her body refused to obey.

Three more long spurts escaped, leaving her shivering in desperation. She gasped. The wet patches on her crotch and bum had increased considerably.

The next 15 minutes were sheer agony , although she didn’t leak any further , she had become increasingly convinced that she won’t be able to make it home.

Meanwhile, I dropped off Suyash as soon as we entered the outskirts of the city, he had to go to a New Year’s Bash somewhere around the area.

This gave Preeti and Sneha a lot more freedom than when they were in his presence. They could now openly grab their crotches and wiggles their butts.

Sneha went a step further and unbuttoned her jeans and pulled her zip all the way down, letting her monstrous bladder expand more.

“Oh, I can’t hold another drop of piss in my bladder” Sneha exclaimed, leaning back on the seat and closing her eyes to exclusively concentrate on keeping her pee hole shut.

Parul couldn’t have agreed more. All the liquid she had consumed had stretched her own bladder to the maximum limits possible. She had to pee so much, it was taking her entire life force to keep herself from losing it right there.

“Just drop me right here” Sneha said as we reached a four way.

“Are you sure?” I asked, her words came as a shock to me. I didn’t want her to leave when I had this golden chance of probably seeing her wet herself.

But unfortunately I had to do it. I stopped the car and she made a swift exit.

“Thanks..” she said, before pacing off towards the market across the road, holding her jeans by the waistband as she still hadn’t put the button back.

We now were down to three, I felt sad for myself , but I still had two very full girls, sitting in my car waiting to release their mammoth loads.

“Please drive faster it is an absolute emergency” Preeti declared,her pee was a hair breadth away from completely coming out.

I hit the accelerator to pick up the pace.

We were almost near Preeti’s place ,when she shot another long stream of pee into her pants.

“You need to stop right now, I am loosing it,” she cried out. Preeti’s door flew open as soon as I pulled over . She quickly climbed out of the car, looking for a place where she could let it all out, grabbing her crotch as the wet patch on her butt revealed itself.

She had reached her limit. She could either squat and pee where she was or try to find somewhere better and probably flood herself in the attempt.

It was a busy street with people everywhere, hence summing up to no chance of sliding her pants down to take a much needed leak. She had to quickly come to a decision, but her body wasn’t in a state to hold on anymore. Her legs were firmly crossed yet she couldn’t help it, she just could not hold it any longer.

“Holy fuck..” she sighed as a barrage of urine ran out of her involuntarily.

She tried to shut her sphincter close but the torrent spurting out posed to be much stronger than her will to keep holding.

She was now peeing full force into her pants.

“I can’t stop it,” she wailed, as I turned my head to look back through the open door. I could see the dark area on the groin of her pants increasing and clearly listen to the hissing sound as she continued to wet herself uncontrollably.

She looked down on the patch of her jeans, as it spread down towards her trembling knees. She could feel the wetness gathering around her crotch and spreading across her butt. She had fought so hard and lost.

She stood there feeling the warm rivers of pee on her legs , watching it run down the tops of her feet and spill over the edges of her sandals, making a puddle beneath her .

“Hufff…” she blew air through her pursed lips overcoming with relief, slightly leaning towards the car as she held its roof with her hands, enjoying the relief.

Her eyes were closed, it was evident that she had stopped trying to hold it back. The warm feeling of her pee got her back to the days when she would have accidents as a kindergartener.

She wasn’t bothered if someone was watching, she had been needing to pee for so long , nothing else mattered more than relief.

Anyone who passed by would have noticed her having an accident but rather chose to ignore the poor girl. The copious amount of pee rushing out of her was proof enough that her bladder was stretched to its maximum capacity. It seemed as if her accident would never end.

When Preeti was on the final throes of her pee, guilt and shame clasped her ,and tears started running down her cheeks. Her wet jeans cling to her legs like being held together by an adhesive. She stood there , weeping as helplessness rode her mind.

“Are you alright?” I asked , as I stepped out of the car to take a closer look at the damage. I tried to console her and calm her down, since there was still a girl sitting in my car with a bladder as full as a camel’s.

I noticed the huge stain on the seat that Preeti had made, this was indeed gonna smell for a while. Preeti got back in and we made our way to her house.

I now shot a look at Parul , who wasn’t speaking or moving at all. Her hands placed on her crossed thighs and her lips tucked inwards.

When we reached Preeti’s place, she immediately stepped out of the car and walked towards the front door of her house.

I looked at her soaked pants sticking to her skin as she walked. What would her parents think of her when they see her like this?

I was pretty much sure that Parul too would make a dash inside to use the toilets,but she didn’t move.

She sat there, tightly holding her crotch and crossing her legs, her miniskirt revealing a lot of skin. Then, we both saw Preeti run inside before any of her neighbors could see her.

“Aren’t you gonna step in to use the toilets?” I asked Parul.

“I will lose it if I even try to take a step,” she said, “I think we should find somewhere else before it’s too late!”

That was when I realized that she had stopped respiring, she was holding her breath in fear of losing control if she exhaled.

The severity of her condition was much worse than what I had thought and seeing Preeti wet herself had intensified Parul’s need to go manifolds.

“Hurry up!” she mumbled , there was no mistaking it, she was about to flood the seat.

I hit the accelerator and the car picked up its pace, I drove as fast as I could.

As far as I have known her , she has always been an avid drinker. Even in school, she used to drink at least a few bottles of water throughout the day and never had I seen her complaining about needing to go to the loo. But for her to be this desperate, the amount inside her bladder must have been unparalleled.

“I am gonna die if I don’t pee in the next five seconds,” she cried out.

She crossed her legs, showing another few inches of her shapely thighs. I did my best not to stare, but it was incredibly difficult to keep my attention on the road ahead.

“STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP!” Parul yelled, as soon as she saw a small open space with a bunch of trees. She almost jumped out of the car even before it came to a complete halt.

Grabbing her crutch tighter than ever, she made a dash towards the shroud of trees. By this time her sphincters were deliriously exhausted and she couldn’t hold on even a second longer.

“Oh no..” she gasped, as she felt her hole about to burst open and then, it happened. Long thick streams of pee started jetting down her legs as she quickened her steps. She had lost control of her bladder.

“Oh my god..” Parul moaned, as she held her skirt with both hands by its hem, there was no delaying it now; she could not handle the pressure any more.

Her knees hurt as she tried to walk faster, even these few feet looked like miles to her now as the urine continued to flow out.

She almost ran to get there, lifting up her skirt and shifting her now soaked panties away from her crotch, she ultimately let her hot piss rush out without any obstruction.

“Oh…. thank goodness…”,she sighed, standing there, as her pee made an arch almost a meter long.

She would have been clearly visible to anyone who passed by, but Parul couldn’t care less, all she wanted, was relief.

I had managed to time her pee and around twelve seconds had passed since she’d gotten out of the car. This was the first time I had ever seen a girl pee standing up, I can’t tell how horny I was feeling then. I had always wished to experience something like this and now when it was happening ,the thin line between reality and fantasy had finally faded.

To be frank I’ve seen plenty of men peeing by the road side, but this was my first time watching a girl do the same.

Parul couldn’t believe how full her bladder was, she hardly had to pee any less even after going for a full minute. If only she could pee faster, she thought, she was so exposed where she was, but she always took ages when she was really desperate.

I watched her as she stood there peeing and peeing and peeing, her face towards the sky, told of the relief that was surging through her body. With a hand on her butt and the other holding her panty away from her crotch, she was literally enjoying her release, the best part after holding it for so long.

Her stream was off the charts; I had never seen or heard anything like it before. The sound of her pee as it splashed on the ground covered with leaves was beyond words. I was awe struck to see just how much liquid was pouring out of her. The satisfaction of urinating after this long was so intense, she almost blacked out.

The stream looked wider and more ferocious than it was before, she shivered in ecstasy as spasms of peegasm gripped her. She could feel her hole widening as more and more piss tried to escape. How that girl had managed to drink so much and then walk off normally was incredible.

Three minutes had passed since she had started peeing, and there were no signs of her stopping anytime soon.

She ignored the few cars speeding past, but when a group of lads appeared she clamped off her flow, adjusted her clothes and hurried back. Despite the gargantuan puddle she had left she still wasn’t able to fully relieve herself, but at least she had 'let the pressure off' enough to be able to get home.

“Lets go,” she sighed , qucikly climbing back into the car, looking much more clam and composed than before.

“Better?” I asked.

“I still have to go but it’s much, much better, ” she answered, before we drove away.

On the way back home, in my mind it felt as if all what had transpired today was a fantasy. I couldn’t word the joy and thrill I experienced on this trip. I had never felt so aroused before, but no later, remorse crept in. The thought of being unaware if Sneha made it or not made me restless.

I wondered how she was riding home. Could she have endured the long journey to her house, without having a humiliating accident on the way?

I visualized Sneha shaking with desperation as she sat on the back seat of the rickshaw, while the wet patch between her tightly crossed legs got bigger because she simply could not hold her pee any longer.

In fact nothing so exciting happened. She was able to find a public loo. She quickly entered the ladies, she knew she didn’t have much time left.

The loos were as filthy as ever but it didn’t matter now, she just wanted to pee.

But to her dismay all the cubicles were occupied. She absolutely did not have any time to waste. Her only option was to use the gents room. But what if someone saw her? It was a risk she had to take. She contemplated her stakes, maybe this was her only chance to relive herself of an aching bladder, before she wet herself like a schoolgirl.

She hurried past the corridor in a stout position, trying hard to keep all her hot steaming urine in just for a few more minutes.

She entered the gent’s toilet in a mad rush, to find two cubicles at the very end. As she walked past the urinals to get there, a hot and long jet of pee escaped her. She was beginning to lose control. She had to pee NOW!

Right then and there, Sneha ripped off her jeans and panties and unleashed an absolute gusher of a pee even before bending down. She sat down on the floor with her left leg in a squatted position while the right was still partially spread open.

“Ahh..Oh my goodness” she gasped, as she finally experienced the lifesaving relief. The ferocity of the stream rushing out of her was proof enough that her bladder had come really close to bursting.

Sneha was now fully exposed to anyone who might walk in to use the loos. She repeatedly tried to break her stream off so she could get to a cubicle but failed, it just won’t stop.

It was fine because nobody else was there at the moment but she had to wrap it up quick.

She had been continuously peeing for a minute now, making a gigantic puddle of beer piss on the floor, but the flow still wasn’t under her control.

The sound of Sneha’s gusher trying to drill its way through the tiles was astounding.

She always peed a torrent, but the pressure in her bladder produced the biggest blast she had ever managed.

It had been a very close thing for her, she had almost lost it in the car but managed to hold it in somehow. Her ability to carry around a load this big in her bladder was really amazing.

“Haa… I wanted that so badly…” she wailed , as her hot pent up piss jetted out like a fire hose,

Then all of a sudden, a man walked in. He was taken aback by seeing a woman peeing on the floor of the men’s room, her naked bottom fully visible to him.

Sneha quickly tried to stop urinating, so she could run out of there , but failed. Her bladder was still very full and she still had to go so much more.

Her cheeks burned in embarrassment as she bent down her face to hide it. She did not want to make any eye contact.

The man stood there awkwardly for a moment , thinking of what to do next, he then slyly walked past her to reach the urinals, accidentally stepping on Sneha’s puddle on the way.

He was amazed at the pressure this girl was peeing with, he had never seen or heard anything like this before.

He finished his pee, washed his hands and left, while Sneha was still in the very same position, peeing, peeing and peeing.

It was unbelievable just how much was still coming out of her. The satisfaction was beyond this world.

After ferociously peeing for 4 minutes and 37 seconds straight, her torrent finally came to a halt. She gave a few more long spurts before coming to the conclusion that her bladder was finally empty.

She pulled her jeans back on and made a quick exit before anyone else could see her.

