It's never comfortable on a wet seat

By KawaiiUnknown

*000*2015-02-08 07:12

SHORT NOTE : This contains Yuri( or a little bit of it) So if stories with Yuri is uncomfortable for you, then don't read any further. And have a nice day.

For those who are reading this, you have been "warned". So lets go on this story together! *Stretches out my hand to yours*

After my chalet with my friends(not to be confused with my chalet story cause that was pure fiction.) I had another outing with my family in which we would drive long distances to reach our destination. Having almost suffered from mild dehydration and heatstroke during the chalet, I had to be constantly hydrated and felt light-headed easily at times but my sister was there to help me so it wasn't that bad after a few days.

So the night before I was nervous if I could even get well in time before the trip, and I was quite excited for it which I don't have the reason to. So I stayed up for hours past midnight but fell asleep the moment I saw the sunrise.

My short rest was abruptly disrupted when I heard noises outside my room, where yelling and moving of objects were heard in the distance. As blurry as I was when I woke up seeing a shady figure opening the door and approaching me, grabbing my hand and said "What did you do last night? Get up!" and I woke up and rushed to get prepared, get a bathe, get something to eat, and don't be late. Rushing for dear life( as I would say it) I began to feel light headed, and no one was there at the time so I decided to take a rest, the rest of the family, still packing and loading the objects to the car are oblivious, but my sister came and saw me almost half dead lying on the sofa and tried to do something.

She then went to the kitchen and made a drink which looked like orange juice( It's like those tablets that dissolve in water to give it a taste and etc.) and told me to finish it, which of course I knew was impossible since the bottle was about 1L, " trust me, its for your own good." my sister assured me as she slowly put the bottle to my mouth. The drink was about half finished when I stopped for awhile, still lying on the sofa, spilling a little bit of the drink on my and her hand. She looks in shock but continues to make me have the drink. After drinking and spilling a bit of it, I got up as my sister was cleaning it, our parents called us to tell us to get ready as we are going soon.

The car ride was quite smooth earlier on, had occasional stops here and there to rest and use the restrooms, but for some reason, I didn't have the urge to use the restroom. Discomfort began to settle in after the last stop we had, since it was going to be a long ride to reach there, and there were no stops in between and I still didn't have the urge until then. I tried to distract myself by using my earpieces to listen to music, which work for a while but the pressure came back and even made my squirm a little bit. Beautiful greenery before the sunset helped to distract me but not for long, night came and I was getting really anxious, knowing that there wouldn't be any stops till we reached there, my sister on the other hand had a smile on her face, smiling at my agony in the cover of darkness.

I tried to hold it in through night, and it felt so bad, I stayed awake for the whole... again. The only people awake was my father, who was driving and me squirming in the dark, hoping that he or anyone would see me in such a state. My sister, who was asleep was leaning on the car door, with a look of no worries on her face, I already had been up the night before and having to stay up again was quite a experience for me, but I tried, without my father noticing, leaned towards my sister and put my head on her thigh, while still looking ahead of the car to make sure my father wouldn't comment about what happened. And In the warmth of my sister's body, I dozed off and fell asleep.

Cold nights and combining the fact that I was being moved shook me but I couldn't move at all. "Ohh, well it looks like someone got up early." my sister says as I woke up in a different position, my head was on her thigh a while ago, and now I'm now on the other side of the car, and she is leaning on me this time! "Hey.. What are you doing.. Its still night.."

My groggy voice replies to her, she gets closer to me but doesn't say anything. I begin to feel a hand on my leg, moving closer and closer to my crotch, then of all a sudden, the desperation hits, and it was like I never expected, making me squirm in a noticeable way.

My sister chuckles at me, looking at my reaction, as she continues to touch me, but her hand seems to go higher and higher, its as if she is trying to make me more uncomfortable till I have to wet myself, which is embarrassing just by thinking about it. The urge was building up much faster as she gets really close to me, "Just stop, I may really have to go here if you keep doing this." I mumbled to her and she smiled, before pressing my bladder area really hard, she had a great laugh out of my misery.

"Um, dad? Can I-" My sentenced was interrupted by my sister saying "Can we know how close are we to the destination?", my father had a curious look and replied "Roughly in an hour's time, lets just hope there wont be much traffic when we reach".

"Oh okay!" my sister cheerfully replies, turns back to me and whispered "Awww yea", I knew that at that point of time, that I would have to either do it in the car, or something else.

My face begins to get red, just by thinking about it, I try to hide my face by looking down, but my sister moved my hair to a side and look from below, shocking me and causing me to accidentally feel some wetness in my pants. "You really are going to wet yourself?" she asked, looking at how I already have been squirming for a long while, "I blame you ok?" I mumbled my words to her since it was weird to say it out loud. She then tried to poke my sides, to tickle me, of course I laugh and push her away, "Don't worry, I'll take responsibility" She whispers close to my ear as she continues, intensifying the strength and speed of the movements from her and me, surprisingly my father didn't seem to mind the noise we were making.

I was starting to lose control of my bladder and was going to wet myself, but I only felt small spots of it wetting my pants, "Okay okay stop!" I tell my sister off, I think she knows that I at my limit already, because she is getting closer to me. "You're going to?" she whispered, in shock, knowing that joking time was long over. "I have to choice" I looked away as I told her that, I don't want people to see me in such a humiliating state. She then pushes my bladder area, "What are you doing?" I react, "If you have to, its now or never, before sunrise", the soft reply calmed me down but I was very unsure of what to expect. "You ready? Cause here goes." She begins to push my bladder at various strengths, some were hard and some weren't, "Just close your eyes, don't make much noise, and it'll be over before you know it" my sister whispers, all I know was this will be embarrassing.

Really trying to keep it together but I didn't have any alternative options so I just had to drop my pride and wet myself, " Oh d**n!" my sister almost yells out, seeing the liquid flowing down the car seat, I squealed a little bit as I feel the wetness from my crotch, down my pants and onto my shoes, but I stop halfway, almost in tears. " I can't.." I mumble again, but my sister just keeps going, pushing it harder and harder, I make noises, and more liquid flows out more and more. "Hey, what is going on back there?" the voice of out father breaks the "silence", "Why is your younger sister crying then?" he starts to sound stern and somewhat angry, being a smooth talker, my sister quickly replies "She just a text from her crush, she got rejected!", "Wait what? N-" I am interrupted again as she pushes my bladder area even more, to keep me quiet, "Shhhh" she says after that.

Eventually, after wetting myself completely, my sister looks at me, while I'm in tears, and solemnly says "I am really sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen." She begins to have water in her eyes too "I tried to make you feel better but.. It got worse." I could see the guilt in her and how serious she was. I couldn't say anything as I just was in shock, embarrassment and being surrounded in my own pee.

After a short while, my sister told me "Don't move, like at all." in hopes it would dry before it reached, and somehow, most of it got dry, but we covered the areas that weren't by "spilling" water on the seats. That was one unrealistic experience for me.

*003*2015-02-09 02:41

I try to make a post, and if it is in wrong section, I apologise. I was trying to add a little "something more" here but this isnt the place.

From now on, I'll begin to keep my post in the fiction.

Apologies.

