Emergency Morning Piss in a Cup

Author: Quackduck

*000*2020-09-19 09:58

I laid in my bed one night on my phone, sipping a green tea and talking to this boy I liked named Nathan. I'd been chatting with him for a really long time, but I didn't realize it until I found myself taking the last sip from my can of green tea. I never finish these things, they were always way too much for me to drink. My body is too small to contain all that liquid. I checked the time and was shocked to see it was almost four in the morning! I'm not good with losing sleep, so I very rarely stay up late like this unless I absolutely have to. It always results in a miserably tired day at school.

I decided I wasn't going to go. When my parents come in my room to scold me for missing the bus, I'm going to tell them I feel sick. They're always so skeptical, though, so I'll really have to sell it. I'd made plans with Nathan, and I wouldn't be able to see him if I was grounded.

As I layed down, I felt an uncomfortable amount of liquid in my stomach. That green tea was way too much for me. I did my best to ignore it as I drifted off to sleep.

The next morning, I wasn't woken up by my alarm, even though the time for it had passed. It was the agonizing fullness in my bladder, an entire can of green tea having moved on from my stomach. I had to piss so bad it hurt. I was so tired, though. I could definitely go back to sleep for several more hours. I rolled onto my side, then my back again, trying to find a way to lessen the discomfort. I was eventually able to fall asleep again, but my desperate need to pee worked itself into my dream, and I was struggling to keep myself contained in school. God, how embarrassing! Peeing myself in class less than a year away from graduating. I've got to hold it in!

I once again woke up later due to heavy complaints from the urinary department, telling me I needed relief NOW. I had to pee so bad I couldn't believe it. My bladder was distended, bulging out strong enough to slightly stretch the waistband of my pajama bottoms. I pulled them down a bit to lessen the pressure. I had to go so bad I felt like I could die.

I could hear my mom getting ready for work outside of my room, though. My parents probably figure I've already gone to school. It would be perfect if they left for work without ever checking on me. Using the bathroom would for sure alert them that I'm awake, and I couldn't pull off the 'I'm sick' routine if I didn't have a blanket to pull pitifully up to my chin, or a pillow to bury my face in.

But jesus christ, I needed to pee so badly. I heard myself squeak involuntarily as I writhed around, holding myself with my hands in my underwear. I realized I should probably be still in case they came to check on me, so I challenged my extreme need to pee and laid as still as I could.

I couldn't go to the bathroom. I could pretend to be chained to my bed with sickness, but I wasn't a good enough actor to feign illness up close and personal if they called me as I left the bathroom. I'd probably be grounded if they knew I missed the bus without being sick. I'd say "you can't do that! I'm 18!" and my mom would say "as long as you live under my roof, you live by my rules!"

But I would be so relieved. It would feel so good to use the toilet right now. I wish I had a bathroom in my room. I needed to pee so bad I couldn't think of anything else, but I needed to wait out my parents. When they leave for work, I'll be able to get up and go. It shouldn't be too long.

I laid there for so long that it began seriously hurting me. It felt like the walls of my bulging organ were on the verge of tearing. I got nervous that my bladder was going to burst, but I just kept telling myself that I only needed to wait out my parents, and that I'd already come this far.

I checked the time. Why were they still here? They should be gone for work already! I could only hear my mom, so I figured my dad had already left, but she was the less gullible one and she'd see through my ruse immediately.

Both of my hands were squeezing madly between my legs. Nothing was helping. There was absolutely nothing I could do to ease the intense pressure from my extreme need to piss. I'd never had to pee this badly before in my life. I peed my pants one time when I was twelve, but I don't think I was even close to this level of desperation.

I spurted into my hands. God, it hurt to stop myself from letting go right there! I rolled over onto my side and I could feel the weight of the immense amount of liquid in my bladder shift. I was crying at this point. My bladder felt ready to break open and my urethra was on fire.

I spurted again, this time for much longer than I was comfortable with. Tears streamed down my face as I bit my lip to keep from whining, the tiny stream pathetically pulsing and faltering into my squeezing hands, no doubt leaving a spot in my pants.

I glanced over to a large plastic cup on the floor. God, my bladder hurt so badly. With my back rigid, I pushed myself up with one hand madly squeezing and rubbing between my legs. As I bent forward to grab it, my eyes bulged from the screaming urgency that hit me when my upper thighs squished into my distended belly, squirting out piss at the same time. My hands shot to my crotch to stop the gushing surge of pee; it faltered, but didn't stop. In one seamless motion, I leapt up from my bed and grabbed the cup. Then with shaking hands, I yanked my pajama bottoms and underwear down and positioned the cup under my still-gushing clit. I finally relaxed my urinary sphincter, my torrent flowing even stronger. I bit my lip again, this time to keep from moaning. The relief that spread through my private parts was almost orgasmic. While I peed, I realized the shameful puddle I left and the dark patch on my bed. My legs were glistening with my pee as well, not to mention my moist pajama bottoms.

Suddenly, I heard my mom coming down the hall. Panic struck through me like an electric current. I cringed in pain as I struggled to stemm the stream, hurriedly hiding the cup of urine under my bed and yanking my pants up. Pee was still trickling out when she knocked on my door.

"Anna?" she called.

I hesitated to respond. I held myself, my urethra stinging. I still had to pee. I stuttered something resembling "wait" and "hold on" as the door clicked open. My mom gasped in surprise when she saw me. I covered the dark spot on my pants.

"Jesus, I didn't realize you were home, you scared the--"

I saw her look at the evidence of my leakage. I also felt my cheeks get hot.

"Honey, did you have an accident?"

The words came like an insult. I felt embarrassed, and angry that she saw me like that. The anger went to her, even though I knew it wasn't her fault.

"Oh, sweetheart," she came over to me, rubbing my back comfortingly. I didn't realize I'd started crying. "It's okay, let's get you in the shower. You don't have to worry about school today. I'll change these--"

I nearly jumped at her in panic that she'd find the cup. "No!" I said. She looked at me in surprise. "I mean--" I wiped tears away from my face. "I'll get it. Really. I don't want you to... do that."

"Okay," she said. "If you--"

"I need to change," I blurted out. I wasn't angry at her anymore, but I just wanted to be alone.

As soon as she left, I discreetly took the cup to the bathroom and emptied it out, twisting my legs and dancing a bit from my still somewhat urgent nee to urinate. It didn't feel like there was too much urine in my bladder as much as it felt more like my tired, stinging muscles would fail me. I sat down on the toilet and sighed in relief, peeing for another fifteen seconds. It felt so good to be empty again.

