Anything to Confess? - Page 21

Author: Mbgpeelover

*501*2022-02-05 23:12

Note from the author:

This story began as I myself sat in a launderette waiting on my own washing on a spring afternoon having drank a couple of cans of fizzy juice just like Megan. As I watched the machine counting down then had to transfer the clothes over to the dryer my bladder was grabbing my attention more and more. Ever conscious someone could walk in at any point I obviously tried to hide my need as best as I could praying no-one would pass by and notice me. When a male did happen to enter and then ask how to use the machine my heart was beating so fast that I was sure he could hear it. Unlike Megan I somehow managed to hold on until I got back home and the man simply put his washing in to wash then left. The scenarios built in my mind though as a setting for a story and this novel began.

I don’t live in Ireland and in fact I’ve never been there ever but I love the coast and researched some settings and Bangor just seemed perfect. Many of the places I mention do exist in reality including the road numbers, hospitals, and even the Kilcooley estate. I’m a huge fan of reality and given the social and economic status of Bangor and my knowledge of Catholicism I felt a large family living in a basic council house fitted well. To remember all the sim kings names I developed an acronym I knew I would remember as it was central to the story: Saint Mary. Hence Shaun, Aisling, Iain, Niamh, Theresa, Megan, Anthony. Rory and Yasmin. I researched Irish manes to keep it real and developed their characters as the story unfolded.

With Liam I wanted something different from the usual so had him a bit older with a complicated background giving him an edge of vulnerability that hopefully drew the reader to him but yet allowed me the liberty to add in periods of tension from his traumatic past too. I hope this was believable even if tragic at times. I’ve often heard it said that if peoples real lives were written in a book no-one would actually believe them. I kind of went with this with poor Liam.

I wanted romance, relationship and raunchy at times and I hope that’s what people got. While there were many (extremely enjoyable to write) omorashi scenes throughout I hope they cane across as natural and believable and not just put in because I love them. So many of the very personal moments are intense dreams of mine and I tried to balance both make and female desperation because it fitted with the story.

Finally I do apologise for any grammatical or spelling errors along the way. This was written in my cars waiting at appointments, on holiday, late at night, in the middle of the night, between other committees and all through Christmas and New Year and even while I was ill with Covid! Almost every time without exception I wrote while needing to pee myself. I’d often have to pause to squirm, hold myself or change position frequently and on more than a few chapters between the story and my own desperation I became very turned on! I got into the habit of having a basin nearby as I drink water to stay hydrated as I write and loads of times I knew I just wouldn’t manage to get to the toilet on time!

None of the story was planned in advance which gave me free reign to take things in lots of different directions and bring in various other characters. It was great seeing comments asking why Favius had his name when it wasn’t a Polish name and I loved reading every comment. I hope people continue to find and enjoy this story for time to come and feel they can comment on it even as time goes on.

Thank you for reading. Over five and a half months to keep people reading is huge and I am very grateful.

I’ll end here as I’m bursting to pee as usual and keep making mistakes!

MBG x

*506*2022-06-08 22:45

{{1 hour ago, pwpj said:

Anyone else really miss their regular dose of Megan and Liam?

I wonder if we might one day hear an update?

}}

Actually I was just thinking if wether to write another novel. This was my third for here and if others would like I’d happily either write a sequel for this or something entirely new.

*511*2022-06-09 15:22

{{56 minutes ago, pwpj said:

By the way I hope I didn't come across as too pushy as I know it's your choice what you do just wanted to say how much this was a wonderful series.

It is of course your choice whether to do a sequel or not, but if not maybe a one-off set a year or so later would be nice.

It was such a lovely story and very sweet as well as having plenty of omo content

}}

I won’t be online as much during summer as privacy will be limited but thinking a wee catch up of Sarah and Will from In Times of Desperation and Liam and Megan from this one (Anything to confess) would be very doable and fun. I got very attached to them both and miss writing these.

I didn’t feel pressured at all and actually touched that so many enjoy my writing.

