Dark Souls: desperate battles

Author: Monado Boy

*000*2015-07-12 03:57

Inspiration can appear at weird times right? Three in the morning and I suddenly get the idea for Dark souls omorashi. This is going to me by first attempt at a series taking a character through the world of Lordran (the kingdom Dark souls is set in for those unfamiliar with the game). Expect long chapters as I'll be trying to put one area into one chapter (and adding small parts for backtracking, going through old areas to get to new ones etc.

I will also be basing this off my first Dark souls plauythough (the first one I didn't rage quit anyway) and will be using a combination of canon and my own ideas.

Without further ado/adieu.......let us begin.

___

Noise. The Northern Asylum was full of it. The undead growling and groaning. The demons that seemed to mindlessly roam the roof and basement. The noise of a pair of crows, one large, one smaller, taking flight every so often.

Natasa Spiros was sick of it.

So, when a corpse fell trough the roof of her cell she was both curious and surprised. She looked up to see who, or what, had dumped the body down into the room. She was met with a gaze of steel.....a steel helmet anyway. The figure gave a quick nod and was out of view.

Natasa quickly searched the body on a hunch. She was quickly rewarded. A key, small and rusted, had been tied around the corpse's neck with string. Quickly taking the key and thrusting it into the lock Natasa had a hope that she was finally going to be free, to go back to her family, to live like a normal person again, to sleep in a normal bed, eat normal food, use an actual toilet.

At the last thought her bladder gave a slight spasm. The spasm was over powered by the sense that finally Natasa's life was going to be normal again. She turned the key, and it crumbled to dust as soon as the door opened.

Natasa quickly set off down the corridor ahead of her, ignoring the hollowed undead around her.

"If only they'd kept hope a little longer..."

The end of the corridor opened into a small flooded room. Again Natasa's bladder gave a spasm. She noticed it that time, but decided that it could wait until she was out of the basement (she'd seen one of the demons wandering in a large room next to the corridor and didn't fancy a fight with only her fists against a thirty foot tall demon with a huge hammer).

A ladder was in a smaller room trough a smaller corridor on the other side of the room. For the first time in month Natasa saw the sun.

"It seems dimmer than I remember."

A bonfire had been set up in the middle of a courtyard that the ladder led into. Natasa walked over to it, held out her hand and the bonfire burst into life. Sitting at the bonfire gave Natasa time to reflect on her life. A thief, forced to steal just to get a small meal. She'd certainly learnt to be nimble and quick minded. Surely that would help if she was forced to fight one of the hollows. Apart from that she didn't remember much.

The courtyard led to a large double door. After pushing the large stone doors open Natasa quickly crossed the room to another set of doors that were almost completely identical. She made it half way across the room before the demon fell from the roof.

Panicking, Natasa rolled backwards from the demon, narrowly avoiding the hammer that had also fallen. The demon quickly recovered. pushing itself up with it's thin, weak looking arms and by flapping it's torn wings. The Demon had fallen directly in front of the doors, blocking them from Natasa. Quickly spotting a side room Natasa sprinted past the demon and into a small room off the the side of the courtyard. A spiked door slammed shut behind her.

Another bonfire greeted her in the room and then she was on her way. Until an arrow hit her in the arm. Acting on reflex Natasa ducked into a side room, out of the archer's line of sight. A shield lay in a corpse's hand. Perfect.

Natasa quickly took the shield, pulled the arrow out of her arm and stepped back into then corridor, instantly an arrow struck the shield. The impact made Natasa's bladder ache, she couldn't ignore it now, she was getting desperate. The hollow had run out of arrows and had retreated away into another corridor and out of sight. Natasa noticed a dagger stuck in the wall at the far end of the corridor, she quickly grabbed it and set off after the hollow.

After travelling deeper into the asylum and slaying a few hollows Natasa was getting in agony. Her bladder was aching and to make it worse she'd just stepped into a partially flooded room with the same person who had dropped the key down for her lying on a pile of rocks, looking beaten.

Natasa left the room with an aching bladder, a new estus flash that was said to heal her injuries and a slight feeling of depression from just seeing someone who had helped her die from his injuries. Without thinking she rushed up a stair case and soon found herself on a ledge above the demon that had nearly crushed her before. Taking a swig of estus to heal any injures she felt she also felt a few drops of urine leak out of her.

She'd stopped caring, she leapt from the ledge, dagger in hand and plunged it into the demon's head. The demon was sent into a dying rage, blindly swinging it's hammer around as it slowly succumbs to it's injuries.

Unfortunately one of it's blind swings hit Natasa, sending her into a wall. Her bladder finally gave up from the stress. The impact almost seemed to force out most of the pent up liquid almost instantly, pooling around Natasa as she fell onto the ground with an unceremonious thud.

The two beings lay there for several minutes. One of them large and grey, it's clawed hang curled around the handle of a large wooden hammer. The other figure small, clutching a dagger and a small shield, surrounded by a light yellow pool that had stopped growing after twenty seconds.

Natasa eventually came to her senses. The release had left her numb and unable to move. She got up, looked at the demon's corpse, looked at the puddle of urine and then the doors.

Natasa walked over to the doors, pushing them open and started walking towards the cliff ahead of her, a smirk spread across her face

"That was fun."

Suddenly,a large crow, possibly twenty feet tall dived straight at Natasa, gripping her in it's talons and carrying her as if she was a fragile egg away from the asylum, although she couldn't quite shake the feeling that she'd be returning soon.

_____

Well I hope that was at least decent enough to read. Thanks for reading all the way through (unless you skipped to the part you're reading right now in which case why did you skip the story?) and constructive criticism is welcome.

Thanks for reading Chapter one, the next should be out soon-ish.

*002*2015-07-12 11:22

{{: 

(Ignore this post, I accidently quoted the wrong post and I can't figure out how to delete posts)

}}

*003*2015-07-12 11:48

{{: 

I like it, other than that you forgot the boulder that opens the room the Oscar, the knight, is in

}}

Thanks.

I'm probably going to go back and edit in the boulder part after I type this. It's just annoying when you start writing at half past two in the morning and you don't get finished until past four (curse me short attention span).

*006*2015-07-15 18:11

{{: 

Nice work!

When I played Dark Souls, I had a thought that my character should be desperate after drinking like 10 estus, and hoped that there would be a fiction like this.

}}

Glad I could help make that hope come true, I'll try to get the next part up in the next few days, might be today if I get lucky.

*008*2015-07-22 03:35

Sorry for the long wait, now that I have a break for the tedium of education I have some free time to write/type.

Now, on with the show. I hope you enjoy.

___

Chapter 2: Firelink shrine and Undead burg

Natasa groaned in pain. The giant crow (or possibly a raven) had been carrying her for hours and it had taken a toll oh her bones.

Crashing to the hard, yet inviting, ground was a welcome change.

As she stood up her joints popped and cracked, her neck more than the rest of her as she looked around her new surroundings. The raven had taken to roosting on what seemed to be the remains of an old ruined church; a sombre and crestfallen looking knight sat on a pile of rubble and a cliff leading to a seemingly bottomless pit. Ignoring the knight, Natasa started walking around until she came to a set of steps. She followed them up and was surprised to suddenly be covered in flames. The burning blinded her long enough for a jagged and rough blade to be slashed across her chest, staggering her and sending her off of the cliff she had taken note of not five minutes before. She didn't remember hitting the ground, but she felt it.

She awoke at the edge of a bonfire, expecting to see the scratched and rotted stone of the Northern asylum, but being met by the warm breeze of the bonfire next to the very cliff she'd been sent off. The sound of sour laughter filled her ears.

"Expecting to be back at that god awful prison? I should expect you are quite pleased to avoid that flight again."

The knight had a sickeningly gleeful grin spread across his face.

"This is Lordran, the kingdom of the dead. You seem to already know the residents."

It took all of Natasa's willpower not to stab her dagger into the knight's neck, but she realised that even is she did he'd soon be brought back to either taunt her or attack her, she grabbed her dagger's handle and sprinted back towards the steps. The Hollows weren't expecting her; a swift kick sent the owner of the broken blade that had carved a scar across her chest into the explosion of a fire bomb that had missed her by about five feet, she ran up another set of steps three at a time, quickly giving another quick kick to the fire bomb thrower before gracefully disarming another broken blade wielding hollow, slaying it and throwing the broken blade into the head of another hollow holding a mace. The encounter had taken all of twenty seconds.

Natasa had never understood how she'd been able to move that quickly and attack with that much precision, but that was a matter for later debate. Quickly scaling another set of steps she ducked into an open aqueduct and found herself in a relatively normal looking settlement. If normal meant dead people walking around and broken buildings.

After taking out a small hoard of hollows (and draining half of her estus flask) Natasa found herself climbing some steps onto a small bridge, where she was promptly sent gut first into the stone guard rails by a huge red drake. The miniature tremors released by the beast's temporary landing had shaken Natasa's bladder and the sudden realisation that the several hour flight had given her bladder time to both recover and fill up again seemed to startle her. Until she realised that she could have some fun with her new predicament. A light glow was visible from an archway a little further ahead, unmistakeably the soothing light of a bonfire.

A small amount of hollows stood between Natasa and the warm glow, more than she could handle, until suddenly a blur passed by her. Dark red and jet black the figure had quickly slipped past her and started dispatching hollows, only when all of them lay still against the stone bricks they once stood upon did the figure and Natasa make eye contact.

The figure was wearing a set of high grade armour that, while seeming slashed and burnt, looked to be sturdy and unlike anything Natasa had seen, even through the red aura she could see the dark blue armour and a small purple cape. They carried a greatsword that seemed to be a perfectly carved sheet of metal that had a strangely small hilt. Natasa wasn't able to make out any more of her mysterious discovery before they disappeared, still locked in eye contact before leaving her alone.

After resting at the bonfire and making her way through more of the city Natasa came up against a much stronger looking opponent; a large knight in black charred armour.

Natasa had heard tales of the legendary knights of Lordran but not in detail, all she knew was that they were extremely difficult to kill. Luckily, the knight, during a fight that consisted mostly of lucky dodging and large swings of the knights blade (as well as a few quick squeezes to hold in her bladder's fluids), had slashed at several hollows that, while lacking suitable equipment, managed to weaken the knight substantially.

After gaining a right that she picked up purely because it looked nice and putting it on, Natasa made her way up the winding battlements of a large stone wall. A flaming barrel had hit her as she made her way onto the top of the wall and after slaying the hollow responsible, and it's crossbow wielding allies, Natasa was feeling ready to burst, the drastic increase of enemies had taken her off guard and she'd greatly overestimated how long it would take for her to reach the next bonfire, which she could see the glow radiating from one coming from the other side of a large bridge.

This thought didn't stay pondered long as a demon brandishing a large hammer leapt from the battlements leading to the next section of the wall. The demon was large, not as tall or as bulky as the demon back in the asylum but that meant it was most likely faster. The demon's hammer was also smaller and thinner but was still larger than Natasa's body. She trembled from both fear and her aching bladder. Unfortunately she didn't have time to worry about the latter as the bull like demon sprinter towards her, hammer at the ready.

Natasa ran back across the wall and up a ladder leading to the top of the battlement, urine quickly dribbling down her legs as she ran and climbed. Natasa knew she was at her limit, she took a last chug of her estus flask and she fell off the battlement. Somehow she managed to twist her body in midair and had managed to land with her dagger's blade once again in a demon's skull and her feet on either of it's shoulders. Then she lost control.

The Demon stood their, it's life already gone, balancing on it's sturdy legs as the desperate thief unleashed a torrent both down her legs and onto the demon's lifeless face. After awhile of sheer bliss Natasa pulled her dagger out of the demon's head and fell to the ground, soon followed by the demon that, luckily, fell backwards.

Natasa walked on, not caring about how obvious it was that she'd wet herself, the kingdom was populated by mindless undead, no one would even know apart from her...and the cheerful knight she met on the lower level of the wall. Luckily he was too busy gazing at the sun to care, although he did make a remark about it in an offhand and amusing way.

The knight, who had been named Solaire had waved her off and offered to help her against a strong enemy later on in their journey. Unfortunately for Natasa that apparently didn't apply to the giant red drake from earlier that nearly melted Natasa no more than twenty feet away.

Atleast her clothes were dry now, if seriously burnt.

*010*2015-07-22 23:42

{{: 

Ah, the first Souls series omo I think I've ever read. Good so far, and I'd love to see more, if only to see the shenanigans Natasa gets herself into.

}}

Thanks, and I hope I can keep it interesting and not keep the entire narrative following the "huge monster, release bladder" pattern that seems to be taking form, but hopefully I'll come up with something different for the undead parish.

I'm basically making this up as I go along but I would welcome any ideas anyone has (preferably in a PM) that could help me keep the story from getting stale.

Apart from that I hope to get the next part up soon but I make no promises XD

*011*2015-07-26 03:41

Wow, two chapters in one week.....this probably won't happen often.

Anyway, on with the show.

___

Chapter 3: Undead Parish

The drake had roosted on the other side of a large bridge, said bridge was charred and shaded black from the beast's fire.

Needless to say Natasa was terrified.

The bridge was littered with the burnt corpses that were once hollows, now just shapes to contrast with the jet blackened stone. The drake keeping a watchful eye over it's miniature kingdom of death and flames, the dead laying like stones and guards all at once and the glow of a bonfire at the end of the walk way looking a million miles away. Natasa must of been out of her mind to attempt to get past the drake.

It turns out that wasn't the case...she just didn't care about the consequences. Dashing head long at the drake, Natasa held her shield out to provide what little it would to help her stay alive. The drake lunged. Narrowly dodging one of it's talons Natasa blindly sprinted, at some point she'd abandoned shielding herself and was slashing with her dagger in front of her. She felt her dagger connect with something and heard the drake screech in pain, she slashed a few more times and almost fell over the dim bonfire.

By the time Natasa had healed from the bonfire's glow the drake had taken flight and gone to lick it's wounds, so to speak. Natasa stood up and looked back at the bridge, noticing a strange mass lying near the end. As she drew closer she realised that she had, somehow, managed to cut off the drakes tail (the end of it at least), not only was it separated from it#'s body, but it had started to burn away! Once the tail had burnt away a sword lay in it's place.

Natasa picked it up. The handle was surprisingly cold and light. The dagger was discarded.

Setting off again Natasa noticed that, again, her bladder was filling up.

"I guess the undead just don't have bladders as strong as the living.....oh well, adds to the fun."

The next fifteen minutes of Natasa's life was full of hollows, bladder squeezing and a strange iron clad boar.

The parish was a large building with a beautiful interior and amazing architecture. Unfortunately Natasa was too busy dodging magic blasts to notice. A six eyes magic user and a large Iron knight had welcomed Natasa to the parish and had been "entertaining" their guest for the majority of her stay. The knight had been easily taken care of by some strategic, if clumsy, rolls and some slashes from Natasa's new sword. The wizard was more troubling and it's spells did a number on her bladder. That was until a soul spear hit her squarely in the bladder.

The wizard, being somewhat still sane, stared at Natasa as she lost control. This was until she chucked a throwing knife at him and he fell over backwards with a blade in his forehead.

Natasa felt her damp trousers, she was surprised the leather garments hadn't shrunken from the repeated wettings. Nonetheless Natasa continued through the parish until she came to the roof, where she was soon set upon by a pair of gargoyles. The gargoyles delivered a brutal combination of halberd slashes and tail swipes that nearly sent Natasa off the roof . After a particularly hard swing of a tail Natasa found herself staring into a wave of fire, she though that this was it, another death in Lordran that would send her back to the the bonfire.

That was before the fire engulfed her.....and she felt nothing. The flames passed and Natasa felt unchanged, no harm had befallen her. one of the gargoyles went to swing it's halberd down onto her, she quickly rolled to the side and thrust her sword into the stone beast's face. It turned to dust as she pulled her blade out.

Now it was just Natasa and the other gargoyle. Natasa dashed forward through another wall of fire without hesitation, this time feeling significantly warmer than last time and soon leapt onto the gargoyle's back, driving her sword through it's back and out of it's chest before slashing upwards through it's head, again the gargoyle turned to dust.

Natasa took a minute to gather her breath from the fight, she'd taken alot of damage and only had a small amount of estus left. She chugged the last of it before noticing that she was now completely dry. Somehow the dampness from her accident (if it could even be called that at that point) had negated the fire and had allowed her to pass through without injury.

Natasa pondered this while she climbed even higher through the parish, eventually reaching a bell. She pulled the lever and felt peace consume her as the bell tolled through multiple points in time.

*012*2015-08-05 01:46

Well, no suggestions yet but I'm keeping hope (atleast SOME hope anyway), but that means this chapter probably won't be that amazing.

Either way, here it is and this website is having this posted here, like it or not (because it will be posted, even if it is, at some point, taken down, it will still have been posted.)

Enough rambling, on with the game.

___

Chapter 4: Lower Undead burg

After backtracking down from the top of the parish Natasa felt a sense of purpose, a drive to find a goal that she had never even known about, to achieve something great that would potentially change the world.

So she though it'd be fun to go back to town, if you could even call that hive of corpses a town, and start going the other direction. Down.

It took an hour to get to the lower part of Undead burg, and by then the sun was.....still in the same place it was an hour ago.

"Maybe the times messed up in this place, the dead don't really have much need for day or night, we don't even need to sleep."

Natasa finally got down below the town she'd recently fought across and was surrounded by buildings, fire and mossy stone. She set off down one direction and immediately ran into a hoard of hollows. The battle took some effort and cost her some of her undead blood but Natasa pulled through, chugging Estus to numb the pain from the slashes, broken swords still hurt.

After looking around and taking some strange black shards from a corpse, Natasa went on her way and doubled back to the "main street" of the lower half of the burg. The first thing she noticed was a snarl, then the sound of doors opening and the sudden pain of being stabbed in the back, the blade, thin and short, stabbing into her spine, severing two vertebrae and sending her to the ground.

This was it, killed by rabid hounds and some undead with daggers who clearly had enough sanity to use them, the shadows loomed over Natasa as the drew nearer, she accepted her fate was was ready to wake up again at the bridge's alter, still sore and aching from the slashes and bites. This was to be her fate, except it wasn't. A familiar blur of dark red sailed over Natasa's head, sending several of the Thieves and a rabid hound into the nearest wall before slashing down next to Natasa's head and crushing another hound who had tried to get a mouth full of Natasa's neck. Natasa felt a flask, not unlike her own being pushed to her lips and the familiar warm liquid pouring down her throat. After her spine had snapped back into place thanks to the healing properties of estus she picked herself up and looked back at her saviour.

The dark red did little to hide his appearance, short black hair, a slim build and cerulean eyes that mixed with the deep red to create an illusion of a purple gaze. Natasa's heart dropped as she felt another familiar warm liquid start to swell within her.

In all the excitement, if you could call nearly getting eaten excitement, Natasa had neglected her bladder, again. Only this time she knew she had to hold it, wetting herself in front of an admittedly kinda hot guy after he'd just saved her life......twice, would of been enough for Natasa to throw herself to the drake. The estus he'd used to help her had also added to her desperation, and now she was starting to squirm.

The dark red phantom watched with a slight smirk, he could see her struggle and was enjoying the show, he motioned to the fog gate at the far end of the street and began walking towards it, she followed slowly. He stopped in front of the fog, placed a hand on it. The fog was as hard as a stone wall, he waited, she looked at him, unsure, he have a nod and she passed through.

He heard a strange noise between a gasp and a scream. A light snicker escaped his lips as he pushed through the fog, which now had the consistency of thick soup. He stepped forwards and was greeted by the back of a large demon, two great swords, one in either hand walking towards Natasa scrambling backwards towards the far end of the courtyard. He took his opportunity.

He ran to the demon's side, jumped onto one of it's swords and as it raised it to shake him off, or slash Natasa, he leapt and slashed at it's chest leaving a deep cut across the demon's width. It fell soon after.

As the phantom started to fade he turned to Natasa, taking in the sight of her there, wide eyes and face flushed deep red as a puddle quickly expanded around her. All he did was smirk and toss a locket to her, before fading into a red mist.

Natasa sat there for a full minute before slowly opening the locket, a name was inside. Natasa burst into laughter, she couldn't believe someone could be so old school, but she found it charming, in a way. She slipped the locket around her neck and set off, picking up a key that had been tied around the demon's belt and walking off down some steps to her new destination, before being stabbed in the back by another thief and waking up back at the alter on the bridge.

"I guess he can't look out for me all the time..."

*015*2015-08-08 00:51

Already at the Depths. Wow this series is moving fast.....kinda. I wanna thank everyone whose given feedback so far and I want to remind everyone that if you have any suggestions for a future chapter, don't hesitate to send me a message with your idea.

But I'm getting ahead of myself, rambling and forgetting that no one actually reads this part so, ON WITH THE STORY.

___

Chapter 5: The Depths.

After she'd dragged herself back through lower undead burg Natasa used the key and unlocked a door at the far end of an alley. Stepping inside her nose was assaulted by the scent of waste and death (the latter of which she'd smelt throughout her stay in Lordran but was much less pungent as she was in much more open areas), she presumed she was heading into the sewers.

Natasa's guess was confirmed after dispatching several hollows and wandering down a couple of flights of stairs. She also met more rabid hellhounds and a large sack of meat cutting another hunk of meat with a cleaver the size of Natasa's body, Natasa took out these foes in little to no time and found a hole past a table which had been destroyed during the short conflict. She dropped down it.

She instantly regretted this choice as she saw a giant rat under the ledge she'd landed on. The ledge went the whole way around the room and gave her enough room to plan her attack, but she didn't like the idea of going near that thing, or the discoloured water beneath it. Alas the way forward (by which she meant downward) was further ahead at the far end of the room. Throwing caution to the wind (and covering her nose) she leapt off the ledge and landed right on the rat's face.

The rat immediately went berserk and started thrashing around the room trying to throw Natasa off. this sent her grasping for anything to hold onto as she attempted to find a opening to attack. The first thing she grabbed was a handle. She pulled the handle with all of her strength and ended up pulling a small battle axe, aswell as one of the rat's blind eyes, with her. She landed in the water below and was forced into a roll, covering herself in the water and whatever happened to be in said water. After spitting out a mouth full of vomit from the unpleasant experience Natasa sprinted at the rat, only to realise that it was already dead.

"....oh right.....I did kinda pull the poor guy's eye out....hell, if I was quiet enough I might not of even needed to kill the thing."

Natasa shrugged feeling slightly bad for the rat and carried on, sliding down a ramp and landing in more revolting sewage. She continued on and eventually heard a noise, an unfamiliar one that sounded like nothing she could describe (nor could the author) and turned around in time to see a person rising out of the ground with a familiar red aura......but it wasn't the same person whoo had saved her two times before. This one had armour the looked like someone had wrapped it in barbed wire and weapons that looked like they had been through the same treatment. Natasa stood her ground.

She was right to do so for as soon as she raised her shield the figure rolled. The mystery fighter rolled towards her and tried to shoulder barge her, The shield blocked most of it but a bard caught Natasa's arm and she felt the blood come out of it, she swung her blade faster and with more force then she'd done against any foe thus far and fell the fighter with a well timed slash of her drake sword.

Picking up the warrior's sword, the only thing that stayed behind after he faded, she continued on, chugging estus to heal her injuries. She felt another preassure in her bladder and groaned.

"I guess this is going to be a running theme? whatever, I'll deal with it, I've dealt with everything else so far." she mumbled as she continued before coming to a stair case leading down in the next room. She descended more stairs before coming to a halt, she saw two strange signs on the ground, one written in blazing gold, the other in crimson. She touched both signs and a pair of familiar faces rose out of the ground. Solaire did a strange "Y" shaped pose as he appeared and bowed afterwards, Natasa did the same which put some weight on her bladder, causing her to subconsciously squeeze her thighs together before forcing herself to stop. She normally loved the feeling but right now was not the moment. The second figure was the other person to show her kindness in her travels so far.

"Hello again Zaviary"

"Just Zav is fine, I just thought giving you half of my name would be rude."

"Well so was not speaking until now" Natasa gave a sly smile, he seemed like a complete do-gooder who wouldn't steal if their lives depended on it. Suddenly though, Solaire pointed his blade at Zav's neck.

"Whoa, what do you think you're doing?"

"He is a darkwraith, a member of a covenant that wishes to extinguish all light in this world.

Natasa was taken aback, last time they'd spoken Solaire was nothing but cheerful and polite, now she could practically sense the malice in his words.

Eventually Solaire lowered his blade

"You seem different, for one you haven't attempted to swing your blade at me, nor have you attempted a underhanded tactic to break my guard."

"Thanks for your approval, now can we all get on with fighting whatever will appear through the next fog door?" Zav seemed to have some respect for Solaire and his voice lack any hint of sarcasm or hatred. They all walked down the stairs and through the door.

The first thing they saw was a small head, and then the rest of the body followed. The beast seemed like a dragon whose body was split into two main segments, attached by a thin tunnel of flesh at it's midriff. The dragon had six legs ending in taloned claws on each foot with the two front ones raised like makeshift arms. The most disturbing thing about the dragon though, was it's chest, it's ribcage had exploded out of it's chest was formed a larger sideways mouth on the beast's chest. The beast dashed forwards, as did the warrior, thief and berserker.

Solaire stopped about ten meters from the Gaping dragon and threw a javelin of lightning that he summoned with his talisman at the dragon's smaller head, it recoiled. Natasa clambered up one of the dragon's forelegs and climed to the beasts head, attempting to stab at it's eyes before dodging another lightning spear. Zav had started climbing one of the columns that held the ceiling of the large roof up, he hung onto a small over hang and readied himself. Solaire's lightning spears sent it backwards into the column and Natasa's attacks blinded it from his presence, he threw himself downward, blade swinging. The dragon was split in half as the tunnel of flesh was ruptured.

The thrashing and chaos had both made Natasa's bladder ache and her mind forget her bladder, she only remembered after Solaire bowed, Zav gave her a smile after removing his helmet and they both faded. She was still coated with the sewage from before, the smell had faded somewhat but was still present. She didn't see the point in holding it anymore, especially since the smell was over powered anyway. She let it go. the warm liquid poured down her legs giving her a blissful sense of relief she hadn't felt for hours. She was surprised, not unpleasantly so, to find that the scent of her urine did mask the smell of what she'd rolled through earlier.

She made her way back up to the last chamber of the sewers and turned to her right, a large door stood there, though not as large as the one from the Northern undead asylum. She pushed it open and gazed down the hole that lead into a bleak nothingness with a ladder to one side leading down.

"This is not going to be fun."

*018*2015-08-17 04:51

THIS. FREAKING. AREA.

Anyone whose played Dark souls and not rage quit before this part knows the pain that is Blight town, an area that has no redeeming factors, has a tough gimmic for both parts of it and is just as hard to back track through as when you first get there (and that's with the short cut)

Well all of you that haven't felt that pain, feel lucky, and all those that have, feel lucky you didn't go through the pain that I've gone through trying to write for this area! (it seriously gives me nothing to work with for the first part.)

Anyway, enough ranting, let's get this over with. I give you all, Blight town.

___

Chapter 6: Blight town.

Natasa hated this place already. She reflected on the previous torment as she sat huddled in a large sewer pipe next to a swamp of poison mush.

It started with a ladder. The first of many. Splinters settling into her hands as her feet hit wood. She turned around, descending another ladder, and ran up against what she could only describe as the offspring of the depths and the Asylum demon. She'd been taken by surprise (in no small part from her shock of seeing something like this exist) and was sent onto another wooden platform by a powerful club swing. Before she had the chance to push herself up she'd been pinned, a weight similar to a human's keeping her face down and a pair of claws repeatedly slashing into her back. She woke up at the alter on the bridge and screamed in rage for about an hour.

After trekking back down she managed to get to another bonfire and rested at it. She would find herself back at this bonfire several times and would eventually want to extinguish the damned thing. She continued on and eventually came across a massive testicle thing grabbing onto a hole in the wall. She avoided it, after swallowing back the sick.

She felt that familiar urge about half way down the seventh ladder (seriously, how many ladders can one area have?!?) she'd already drained her estus three times from having reappeared at the bonfire, not to mention while getting through the depths again. She eventually made it to a second bonfire and rested there, the golden liquid filling both in the small emerald flask and her bladder.

After exploring the poison swamp and forcing herself to choke down some purple moss she's been carrying around after she got bored of dying she came across a large web like ball, venturing inside (mostly to avoid more ogres) she found another fog wall, she pushed her way through, squeezing her thighs as she did. What she saw next was enough to make her leak.

A large spider, half on fire, was standing on the other side of the room, the upper body of a women seemed to be fused to the creature's head, in her hand a curved sword that glistened with flames. She smiles as she locked eyes with Natasa.

Qualaag started her approach towards Natasa, she seemed frozen to the spot. Poor girl wouldn't know what would of hit her. That was until Qualaag noticed her shaking slightly, although not in fear, that much was evident. She paused a few meters from her prey, her head cocked in curiosity, that was until she noticed several small streams trailing down the young woman's legs.

Natasa hardly noticed that she'd lost control, that was the last thing on her mind. She'd fought some terrifying beasts and escaped with only a few wounds, but this was different, this was a demon with a human master, atleast that's what it seemed like. She sunk to her knees, her blade falling at her side as she kept eye contact with the eyes of the spider, it's large mouth snapping hungrily at her. She scrunched her eyes closed, feeling like a child attempting to hide from monsters but knowing that she had no real defences, she could try to fight but it/they clearly had the advantage.

Qualaag didn't know what to think, she'd killed plenty of undead to protect her sister, only letting that darkwraith pass once he had presented gifts and abandoned his weapon, but this was pitiful. She didn't know what it was, but she was compelled to spare this undead, for now.

"You expect to survive in this inhospitable land like that? dropping yourself to your knees and wetting yourself like a child? I expected better from someone so resilient as to descend through that accursed swamp. Stand."

Natasa did as she was told, or was she asked? the demoness' voice was more human than she had expected, more hospitable.

"I am Qualaag, what name do you go by?"

"Natasa, of Carim."

They both continued to speak over the next hour or so, mostly Qualaag explaining how she became half flaming spider. Eventually she allowed Natasa to pass and as she pulled the lever and the second bell chimed she felt as if a goal had been reached on the way to a larger one in the future.

Then she realised that she'd have to get back out of blight town somehow.

Natasa finished remembering the hell she'd been through and stood up, it'd been an hour or two since she'd rang the bell and she was't looking forward the the climb ahead, she'd spotted an elevator of sorts at one end of the swamp, she'd try that for an easier escape. She readier her sword and shield, took a deep breath (as much as she dared in the swamp, and set off to see the sun once again.

*021*2015-08-18 01:20

{{: 

It's great how you included that Quelaag is more than just a monster and is actually protective of her sister

}}

I knew from the start I didn't want it to all be death all the time, so I thought I'd play off some of the sane(-ish) bosses using the lore and some fan ideas, and so far I like how it's turned out, next opportunity is probably Either Pricilla or Orestien and Smough, either way I have a decent idea of what I'm gonna do.

*023*2015-08-19 01:16

{{: 

Oooh, I can already see a big chance to do something neat with Ornestein and Smough.

Definitely going to be easier to deus ex out of there rather than trying to conquer that mess on what's definitely going to be a full bladder.

}}

Yeah, but thinking of a personality for two character whose only screen time is a fight isn't the easiest, the lore and fan theories only go so far...

