Daniel and Amy - Page 23

Author: Barry

*556*2016-10-18 12:48

Chapter 47:

It took ten minutes to walk back to the mall, and during the walk, Scott motioned for the others to walk ahead so that he could talk to Dan alone. Dan was silently praying that Scott would open up to him about his own problems, and he wasn't disappointed.

"That took a lot of guts Danny. How did you manage to do that?"

"Dunno really mate. I just ran out of options I guess. My stupid mother is gonna make me go on this dumb camp thing, and I don't really understand it. Her and dad went through a lot of trouble when my wettings started again, getting me into a new school and stuff, talking to all the teachers, getting me decent diapers to wear. It just seems kinda fucked up to me that when we finally get it under control, she insists on me going to a camp where I'm gonna get found out. It's stupid!"

"But why do you think you'd get found out? If you haven't got found out at school yet, why would camp be different?"

Dan had to be cautious here. Although he knew that Scott had personal experience with this topic, he wasn't supposed to know, so he had to choose his words carefully.

"I don't expect you to understand Scotty, but it's just difficult, alright? At school, I can change during class safely, and I make sure my shirts tucked in all the time. I wear a t-shirt with a crotch strap built in, (he couldn't bring himself to use the word onesie,) and that keeps everything hidden and in place. The only day I don't wear it is Monday, when we've gotta change for PE, but I can't wear that to camp without everyone seeing it and laughing at me. Without that on, my nappy's probably gonna get flashed about if I wear my sweatpants or anything baggy. Then there's the nights and mornings. How the fuck am I supposed to get changed, or get rid of a wet nappy in the mornings? What happens if I leak during the night? It just makes no sense to me why she's making me go! It's just throwing me to the lions really!"

"Parents are weird sometimes," Scott solemnly told his friend. "I hear you, and believe me, I know exactly what you mean."

Dan tensed up. Was this going to be the crucial admission that he was hoping for? Without it, he would still be left floundering. Even though his friends now knew, he needed to have them let him stay in their cabin, and if Scott didn't want him there, it wouldn't be happening. Just because they seemed to have accepted his confession, he was still going to be in trouble if he had to share with other boys, and if Scott wanted to keep his own problem a secret, that's probably what would happen.

He decided to gently push his friend a little bit further.

"That's nice of you to say mate, but I don't think you do know. It's bloody hard being a teenage bed wetter! That's why I've never come to any of your sleepovers. It's just too hard to hide." He neglected to add that Scott himself had never actually invited him, and that Ali had been the only one to ever bring it up before.

Scott was nodding thoughtfully, the seriousness of expression making him appear somewhat older, almost adult like in his contemplation.

"Danny, what would you say if I told you that I DID know what it was like, perhaps better than what you would think I could?"

Dan made a scoffing sound, "Pffft! I don't see how you could mate."

His friend looked around, making sure they were still out of earshot of anybody else. He took a deep breath, then continued.

"Believe me, I really do Danny. You see, I wet the bed as well...."

Dan sighed internally. He felt so incredibly relieved that he thought he may float away. Suddenly, he knew that everything was going to be alright, and he was going to be accepted, and at least he'd have a relatively safe place to stay. But he still had to maintain the facade.

"What? Listen mate, I appreciate that you're on board with it, but do me a favour aye? Don't bullshit me! I'd almost rather you guys started teasing me instead of pretending stuff."

Scott stopped, grabbing Dans arm, and bringing him to a halt as well. He gave another subversive glance around, then tried again.

"Danny. Did you even hear me? I just said, I wet the bed too. I'm not lying bro."

"What? You're serious? No way! I mean, really? Like you really do, wet I mean? How often? Every night? Why? How come?"

Scott sighed. Apart from Matt and Ali, no other kids knew, and he had always taken great pains to see that it stayed that way. Just by having this conversation, it felt like pulling at a loose thread on a jumper, that it might all just unravel if he pulled at it hard enough. But he'd already done the hardest part he supposed, anything else now was just going to be window dressing anyway.

"Yes I'm serious. I'm a bed wetter. I've wet the bed like my whole life. It doesn't happen every single night, but at least four times a week I guess. It used to be every night, but it's been like gradually slowing down over the last year or so. Why? Nobody really knows. I'm guessing that you must've had all sorts of tests and shit done before?"

Dan nodded, but didn't speak, allowing his friend to continue. Now he'd started speaking about it, Scott was talking faster and faster, almost as though he had to get it all off his chest now that he'd began his confession.

"Well I've had heaps of tests, and they can't find anything wrong. All the doctors say I should grow out of it, but they said that when I was little as well. 'He'll grow out of it by the time he's ten. It'll probably stop by the time he's twelve. It'll probably stop when he starts puberty....' Its just a fucking joke mate. No one can tell me what's wrong, and now I've stopped wetting every night, they say it's a good sign. But I'm fucking sick of it.

"You know, you're the only other kid our age I've ever met who's like me? Do you know of anybody else our age who it happens to?"

Dan nodded, but he wasn't going to rat Amy out to his friend. If she ever chose to discuss her own situation with anyone else, it would have to come from her and her alone.

"Yeah. One. Another kid my age I met at an incontinence specialist. We kinda talk sometimes."

Scott smiled, with a dreamy look on his face. "Wow! There really are more out there than me! My pairs and the doctors keep telling me that, but as you know, it's kinda hard to believe sometimes. So, what do you wear to bed?"

By the time they caught up with their friends outside the mall, they had traded a lot of personal secrets. In reality, they had only just scratched the surface, but it still felt good to talk about it, especially for Scott, as he had never had the opportunity to talk to another bed wetter the same age before. They shut their conversation down as they approached their peers, but both of them agreed that a more in depth conversation was warranted when they had a bit more time and privacy.

"Geez, were the lights this bright before?" Matt muttered as they walked in. "Are my eyes red at all?"

This bought on a quick checking of the state of everyone's eyes, but it was determined that they didn't appear to look stoned at all, but they all craved a drink of some sort. All of them had a mild dose of paranoia as they walked through the busy mall, and they kept looking around expecting other people to be staring at them, but after getting a drink in the food court, they started to get back into a normal state of mind.

"I've gotta say," Amy remarked, "I didn't really enjoy that feeling. It's horrible to feel like everyone's watching you all the time."

The others agreed, even Nikki, who said that although she had smoked weed before, that was the first time she had been stoned in public, and she hadn't enjoyed it very much.

Scotts phone beeped not long after. "It's my dad," he told them after checking his message. "He's out the front. Gotta go! See you guys and girls later."

Nikki walked away with him for a ways, and they saw him kiss her gently on the cheek before he departed. She was positively glowing when she got back to the table, but nobody gave her a hard time about it. Ali and Matt said goodbye shortly after, they were catching the bus together, and had to leave. This left Dan, Amy, and Nikki sitting at the table.

"Well Catholic boy, that went alright, aye?"

Dan had to grin. "A lot better than I thought really. Scott was a lot like me in the end, he was just happy to talk to someone I think. We're gonna talk more later, in private like."

Nikki was smiling, but nervously. "I'm really happy for you Danny, but can we like go to the toilets again now please? I really need to go badly!"

Amy smiled mischievously. "How badly Nik? You probably shoulda worn that diaper after all!"

Nikki grinned. "I should've! I was getting pretty desperate over in the park, I guess it was the cold that did it. I was gonna go as soon as we got back, but I kinda wanted to hang around until Scott left. But when he kissed me, I sorta wet myself a bit..."

"Did you? How much?" Dan asked, suddenly interested.

"Not much," she admitted, "Just a little dribble. I was pretty nervous I guess. But my knickers are a bit wet now, and they're gonna get even wetter if I don't go soon! How about you guys, are you still dry?"

Dan admitted that his pull up was a bit wet, and Amy told them about her earlier pre-emptive strike, which made Dans penis firm up in his Goodnight as they walked along. It was such a turn on to be walking around with two girls who were both wet underneath their clothes!

It turned out that his pull up was even wetter than he had realised. He knew he had felt a nervous twitch or two during his embarrassing confession, but since he had already been a bit wet, he hadn't been completely sure if he had leaked any more or not, and it turned out he had. In fact, he was so wet, he decided to take it off instead of leaving it on. This time however, the men's room was very busy, and although he waited for ages in the stall, he couldn't get a clear run to walk out with his wet nappy in his hand. In the finish, he did something he wasn't proud of. He left it on the floor stashed behind the toilet. He felt very guilty for doing it, but it was a better option than being seen with it in his hand.

But that meant he was now extremely vulnerable. Being undiapered in public had the potential for disaster.

"I was just about to ring you," Amy told him when he eventually emerged. "I was starting to think you fell in or something! Are you alright?"

"Yeah," he said sheepishly. "Just couldn't get out of the stall without showing off my pull up. Had to throw it out."

"So, you're not wearing any protection then?" Amy asked, looking worried.

"That's right," he admitted. "Didn't bring my backpack with any spares. But mum'll be here shortly, so I should be okay."

He was correct. Sue arrived twenty minutes later and collected them. She took Nikki home first, then Amy, but by the time they were nearly home from her place, Dan still hadn't spoken a lot to her. He was obviously still mad with her, but she wanted to know what exactly went on. Her son had been adamant that he was going to tell his friends everything that night, and he still appeared fairly upbeat, so she assumed everything went well, but she had been hoping that he would volunteer the information and not make her drag it out of him.

Also, something else had been bothering her ever since the three kids had hopped into the car.

"So, how did it go? Did you tell them?"

"Yeah. Went alright I guess."

"Are you going to tell me what happened?"

Dan didn't even look at her, just shrugged his shoulders. "Not much to tell. I told them, they seemed pretty casual about it, and Scott told me about his bed wetting, which was kinda a relief. That's what I was hoping for."

"So can I talk to Scott's mother then? Tell her I'd like you to stay in his cabin?" Sue asked tentatively.

"Do whatever you want mum. It's all your idea. I'll just do whatever you want I guess."

Dan spoke cautiously, choosing his words and tone with care. His mother simply wouldn't accept rudeness from him, although she did seem to see why he was upset. He made sure to talk casually and without infliction, trying to sound aloof and above it all. He thought that he had succeeded, and gave himself a mental pat on the back, sure that his apparent air of disinterest would be scoring him a moral victory.

But it was short lived.

"Danny, Don't lie to me now. You kids have been smoking tonight, haven't you?"

Dan went cold, and his entire body twitched with shock, causing him to jerk in his seat, and without looking down, he felt a warmth in his lap that could only mean one thing. But wet pants were the least of his worries right now. It appeared that his mother could tell that he was a bit stoned still. He couldn't bring himself to answer straight away, but Sue had seen him flinch, and knew that she was on the mark.

"Danny. You three all smelled like cigarettes. I can smell it on your clothes now. So I'm going to ask you again. Have you guys been smoking cigarettes tonight?"

Its amazing how quickly your mind can process things under stress. Within the space of a heartbeat, a giant raft of emotions flooded through his brain. Primarily was one of relief. If his mother knew that he had smoked pot, she would kill him, or at least ground him until he was thirty. But secondly was the familiar feeling of childish fear at being discovered while misbehaving. He was glad that the pot wasn't being discussed, but he knew that he was about to be in a shitload of trouble anyway for the slightly lesser crime of smoking. Thirdly, was another familiar feeling, the one of shame caused by wetting his pants. Because of his bathroom visit not long ago, he hadn't peed much, but enough to tell by the feeling of wet denim beneath his fingers that he was visibly wet.

That was the sealer. If he hadn't of reacted so strongly, and perhaps had seen the question coming, he may have been able to dodge it, shit, even straight out lie his way out of it. Perhaps by saying that no, they hadn't been smoking, but were hanging around other kids that were, and that's why their clothes smelled smoky. But his initial jumpy reaction, followed by his stunned pause, and combined with his now wet pants, only added up to one logical conclusion.

Guilt.

He had been sprung, and he knew it.

*561*2016-10-21 09:56

Chapter 48:

Sue turned into the driveway and parked in the carport, switching off the engine and lights.

"Well? Are you going to answer me or not, mate?"

Dan couldn't bring himself to look at his mother, keeping his head up, but looking straight through the windshield instead of making eye contact. He couldn't ever remember feeling so vulnerable, he was about to get into big trouble, and to top it off, had let go of a big squirt in his jeans, and could feel a wet patch roughly the size of his hand on the front of his jeans. Jesus! He hadn't even needed to go! He couldn't believe that he had wet himself without even being desperate, even though it had only been a minor accident. But he couldn't even think about that for now, his mother was demanding an answer, and he knew from past experience that he needed to supply one before she got herself even more worked up than she currently was.

"Yes mum," he said, trying to keep his voice calm, but feeling like tears might be building up deep inside him. "I was smoking. I'm sorry."

"It wasn't just you, was it Daniel? All of you smelled like smoke."

He made a decision on the spot not to say much more than he absolutely had to.

"I'm not gonna dob on anyone mum, but I won't lie to you either. I was smoking, and I'm sorry."

Sue sighed. She had conflicting feelings in her mind about it. She wasn't exactly surprised that her son would try smoking, as a lot of kids did experiment, and both her and her husband smoked as well, so they hadn't been fantastic role models in that regard. She was pleased that he hadn't tried to lie about it, but was also disappointed about the choices her son had made. But this wasn't the right time to lose the plot. They hadn't been communicating very well lately, and yelling or screaming wouldn't accomplish much at all. She took a deep breath to compose herself before she spoke again.

"Allright Danny, we need to talk about this, but not sitting in the car. Let's go inside and discuss this calmly, okay?"

Dans voice hitched a little bit, sounding a bit wavery. "Why mum? Nothing to discuss. I said I was sorry, why not just tell me what kinda trouble I'm in, and I'll go to bed."

Instead of being drawn into a defensive argument in the car, Sue got out, and waited for Dan to do the same, before using the central locking remote on the car and opening the front door.

"Kitchen. Now."

Once there, she deposited her purse on the bench and switched the kettle on, pulling two cups out of the cupboard.

"Tea?" She enquired calmly.

Dan didn't answer, just stood on the other side of the island bench, looking awkward and uncomfortable. She turned around to ask him again, then noticed something very familiar about the way he was standing. He was very close to the bench, keeping his body almost pressed against it, and was absentmindedly pulling at the front of his jeans with his hand.

"Danny, come around here please mate," she asked calmly, but dreading what she knew she was about to see.

Her son lowered his head, and she saw his bottom lip quiver, but he didn't argue, just stepped around the bench into the light, trying to keep his right hand in front of his crotch. But he couldn't hide it properly, and she could see a wet patch the size of a softball hiding behind his hand.

"Have you wet yourself Dan?" Sue asked mildly.

Keeping his head lowered, he couldn't bring himself to speak, issuing a quiet sob and nodding his head instead.

"How did that happen mate? Did your pull up leak?"

Dans voice was very watery, and he sounded like he looked, on the verge of bawling his eyes out, the pressure of the situation obviously getting to him.

"I'm not wearing one mum. I had to take it off cause it got wet. That was just before you picked us up. I did pee then, really I did, and I didn't even need to go, but I kinda had an accident anyway."

She sighed, more with sympathy than frustration. Her maternal instincts were screaming at her to hug her little boy, tell him it was alright, and they would make it better. But her main instinct was that she now had the upper hand, and if her increasingly sullen son was going to communicate with her, she needed to press home her advantage while he was still vulnerable. She hated herself a bit for feeling like this, but considered it the best option.

"Alright mate. Here's what we're going to do. I want you to leave your phone down here with me. Then you're going to go and have a quick shower, put your night nappy and pyjamas on, then come back downstairs. We're going to sit down calmly, have a cup of tea, and talk about what we're going to do here, okay? Make sure you wear a big, tape on nappy, because you know what drinking tea before going to bed does to you!"

"Why do I have to leave my phone here?" Dan protested.

"Simple. I don't want you calling Amy, or any of your friends until we've had a talk, okay?"

"But mum, I..."

"No Dan. That's it. Shower, diaper, pyjamas, talk first. Then we'll discuss you getting your phone back. Now go please."

Dan could only mutter a loud "Hmphh!" before the first tear escaped, and he quickly ran upstairs, stomping his feet every step of the way.

Sue couldn't help herself, she flipped a raised middle finger in his general direction after he was safely inside his room, slamming the door behind him. The next thing she did, was to switch the wi-fi router off. She didn't want him having any contact with the outside world until after they had finished their chat.

This was precisely why she wanted him to go to camp. It boggled her mind how at one moment he could make such mature decisions about his condition, such as telling his friends or calmly dealing with an accident, but at other times, like now, he would stomp around the house crying, wetting his pants, and slamming doors behind him, carrying on like a toddler having a tantrum. Forcing him to grow up a bit should be good for him she thought, but she couldn't help shuddering a bit at the idea of him having a meltdown at camp. He really needed to grow up a bit, she reasoned to herself, but at the same time, she did understand that a huge part of his current tantrum was the fact that he'd been caught doing the wrong thing, and knew he was going to be in trouble.

Whilst he was having a shower, she took the opportunity to sneak outside and have a smoke herself, knowing that from now on, she would probably have to stop smoking in front of him. It was a fair assumption that her and Peters smoking had probably influenced him to try it for himself, and she understood that, but there was no way she would let him use that as an excuse.

The question was, how to deal with it? It certainly warranted a punishment, something that she wasn't used to having to do to her son, but how much of one? She knew he was growing up, and was bound to experiment with some risky behaviour, and that smoking probably calmed him down, just as it did for her, but he had crossed a line, and it needed to be dealt with, although perhaps not too severely. If she didn't overreact, this might be the sort of thing that might help bring them back together again, but if she lost the plot with him, any punishment might act as a wedge, driving them further apart.

"Tread lightly, Sue old girl," she said to herself, then put her cigarette out, and went inside to make a quick phone call while her boy was hopefully getting over his tantrum.

Dan was all mixed up. He was feeling guilty, angry, sad and confused all at the same time. He knew that he only had himself to blame, but at the same time, he found it surprisingly easy to shift at least some of the blame onto his mother. After all, this whole camp thing was her big idea, and if she wasn't so insistent on it, he never would've had to talk to Scott and the boys, therefore he never would've even gone to the shopping centre in the first place, and wouldn't have been put in the position of smoking with them! It stood to reason as well that he wouldn't have gotten so scared that he'd wet his pants either. Deep down, he knew that his reasoning lacked logic, but screw it, he'd hold on to it anyway.

He kicked his shoes off, and his eyes fell upon his computer. Sensing a way of telling Amy about her impending doom, he switched it on, and tried to ignore his wet jeans. While it booted up, he took his pacifier from his bedside drawer, and started sucking on it heavily, feeling himself calm down a bit more with every passing second.

By the time she the home page had appeared completely, he was starting to feel in control again. If he could just send Amy a private message, be it via email or Facebook, he might be able to prepare her for the brewing storm. He'd tell her that he hadn't narked on her, and as long as she denied smoking herself, she should be in the clear. She could then send Nikki a warning as well, telling her that Dan was going to take the fall for all of them.

But what was this? FUCK IT! No signal. What a terrible time to lose service! Then it dawned on him. His mother had switched it off! Bitch! He felt a tear slipping down his cheek as he sank into true despair. He knew, without being told, that his mother would soon be on the phone to Sonia, and the house of cards that he was trying to build would be washed away with the incoming tsunami of parental justice that was about to sweep down upon them all.

He sighed, partly with anger and partly with despair. There was absolutely nothing he could do to warn his friends of what was happening, and he felt incredibly small and helpless. Another tear joined the first one, but although he couldn't help it, he refused to break down sobbing like a baby. He felt a sudden urge to pee again, and decided to focus on that instead, anything to temporarily distract him from his impending talk with his mother.

Standing up, he stepped in front of his mirror and studied his reflection. What he saw almost sickened him. He looked extremely young and vulnerable, standing there with a big wet patch on his pants, his eyes red and swollen, his smooth cheeks smeared with tears, and his pacifier in his mouth. All thoughts of grownup defiance swiftly left him, and he suddenly felt like a naughty little kid again.

Dan couldn't stand seeing himself looking so helpless, so he turned away, and got undressed, leaving himself naked apart from his pee stained boxer shorts.

Realising that he was officially out of options, he went into his bathroom, pacifier still in his mouth, and stepped into his shower. He spread his legs and let go, even pushing a bit, and soon his bladder answered the call he'd given, and fresh hot pee flowed out of him, completely soaking his shorts, and running down his hairless legs and over his feet.

"I'm in control here," he told himself, as he completely wet himself while sucking on his dummy.

But as much as he enjoyed the feeling of being in control while he deliberately peed his pants, it just didn't have the desired effect. Normally, it made him horny, and he could bring himself to orgasm within a matter of minutes, but not this time. His boyhood remained completely flaccid in his hand, and even after a full two minutes of stimulation, he wasn't able to achieve so much as a hard on, let alone an orgasm.

Knowing it was a lost cause, Dan turned off the shower, dressed himself in a tape on diaper and clean pyjamas, and went downstairs to meet his mother.

*567*2016-10-22 04:27

Chapter 49:

Sue had waited for the sound of the shower to start. It had been well over five minutes since Dan had slammed his door. She had figured, correctly, that this time was being spent on trying to log onto his computer and tell his friends what was happening. With the sound of running water playing like victory music in her ears, she seized this brief opportunity to call her friend Sonia, choosing to call her cell instead of her house phone.

"Hello?"

"Son, its Sue. I've gotta be quick, are you alone, or are you with Amy?"

Sounding confused, Sonia replied, "I'm by myself in the lounge. Amy's in her room. Why? What's wrong?"

Sue heaved a deep breath. "I've just discovered my little angel has been smoking tonight. I thought you might be interested."

"Smoking? You're kidding, aren't you? Danny wouldn't do that!"

"He did, and he admitted to it! And as you know, they were together tonight."

"Did he say that they were smoking together?"

"No. Not yet, anyway. He hasn't told me anything much yet. He had an accident on the way home, and so he's having a shower at the moment."

"Mmmm," Sonia replied. "I see what you mean though. If Dan was, you could bet your arse that my girl was too. I swear, if one of them sneezed, the other one would catch a cold! Hang on a second, Amy threw her jumper in the washing basket when she got home. Let me check something."

With the exception of footsteps, the phone went quiet for a moment, then there was a rustling, shuffling sound. Sue was soon back on the other end.

"That little cow! Her jumper smells like a damn ashtray! Unbelievable! With all her health problems she goes and does this!"

"Steady on Son. She may not have been. Dan definitely was, and she was with him, it might be his smoke you're smelling. Amy might be innocent you know."

"Bullshit! If your boy was, you can bet your last dollar that she was as well! What're we gonna do about it?"

Sue tried to remain calm, sensing how upset her friend was.

"Let's not overreact here just yet. Danny's already admitted what he did, but he doesn't want to tell on his friends. I'm going to ask him again of course, but I can't force him to tattle if he doesn't want to. I don't think I'm going to be too hard on him. The poor kids been under a lot of pressure lately. Did you know why they went to the mall tonight? So that he could tell his mates from school about his bed wetting, and his daytime nappies as well! He's been scared shitless about it, and I don't blame him."

"Jesus!" Sonia replied. "Why on earth would he do that?"

"Simply because we're in the middle of a power struggle over here at the moment. I'm making him go to a school camp, he doesn't want to, so he's been trying to make me out to be the bad guy. I guess he thought if he kept threatening to tell everyone, then I'd back down and let him have his own way, so I stuck to my guns instead. There was absolutely no need for him to go and do that in my opinion, but I called his bluff, so he went and did it anyway. Honestly Son, he can be like a spoiled little brat sometimes!"

"So how did it go for him? Did he tell them? What did they do?"

Sue sighed. "I don't know yet. I've been a nervous wreck waiting to hear about it, then the three of them got into the car reeking of smoke, and after I dropped the girls off I asked him, and he admitted to it, but peed his pants as well. I'm waiting to talk to him about it.

"But anyway, I thought you might want to check with Amy. Like I said, I'm not going to be too hard on him. Probably a grounding this weekend or something I guess."

Sonia sounded thoughtful. "You're probably right darling, step lightly. But he's probably on the phone to her now, telling her that he's been busted."

"No way," Sue chuckled. "I made sure I took his phone and Internet first! He really spat it about that!"

"Good job darling. Thanks for the heads up. I'll have a talk to my little angel as well. So, a weekend grounding, and no contact with each other till next week then? That's the plan?"

Sue could hear Dan moving around upstairs in his room, and knew that he'd be down shortly. "That's all I think mate. Look, I've gotta go, he's coming back. Love you, and be careful!"

"Thanks Sue. I will, you too," and with that, they terminated their call.

Sue was safely back inside when she heard footsteps on the stairs. The sight of her fourteen year old son, his eyes red and puffy, wearing his blue footie pyjamas, with his diapers waistband sticking out of the side tore at her heart a bit. He was still so young looking, she thought, he could've passed for a nine year old! She had to force herself to harden her resolve. He wasn't a little boy anymore, even if he looked like one, and she had to remember that while she dealt with him. She made him sit at the table, then bought two cups of tea over, and joined him.

"So Daniel, feeling better now?"

He shrugged, "I guess..."

"Do you have anything you want to tell me mate? I've been anxiously waiting to find out how your little talk with your friends went, not this sort of bullshit! But I think you know we've gotta talk about it, don't you?"

Dan took a sip of tea, steadied himself, and began.

"Like I already told you. The guys were pretty cool about the whole nappy thing, and Scott admitted his bed wetting as well. He wears the Molicare pull ups as well apparently. He used to wear Goodnights, but same as me, found out they didn't work so well when you start growing up. They all said I could stay in the cabin with them, so I'll get Scotts home phone number tomorrow so you can call his mum I guess."

"That's very good mate. I'm glad that it worked out so well for you. I didn't think it would, you know."

She deliberately led the conversation along like this, giving him yet another chance to tell her how it was all her fault that he had to, and how he had no choice in the matter. But he surprised her by not taking the bait. He just shrugged again, apparently satisfied enough to just let it go now that he had done it. "He's probably more worried about phase two of our conversation," she thought.

"What about the smoking Danny? You know you're in trouble here, don't you?"

In a quiet but firm voice, he simply replied, "Yes mum."

"Were they your cigarettes Dan?"

"No. One of the guys had them. I just had a couple of theirs."

"Is this the first time mate?"

He looked at her with just a touch of defiance, but not at all belligerently. "No mum. I've smoked before, but not a lot. Only a couple of times. I only tried it for the first time a few weeks ago. I won't do it again."

"Did Amy smoke as well mate? It's bad enough that you did, but your girlfriend has a lot of health problems you know! It's even worse for her! Her body can't process stuff as well as what yours can. That's why certain foods and things give her an upset tummy. Even if you don't care about your own health, if you really love her, you should be discouraging her from doing it!"

Sue had tried to force his hand. He still hadn't mentioned Amy once, and she thought he might go on the defensive, sticking up for her, but by doing so, inadvertently letting on that she was as guilty as what he was. But Dan wouldn't be trapped that easily.

"I know that mum. But like I already said, I'm not gonna dob on anybody. There were six of us there tonight, and I'm not gonna say who was smoking and who wasn't. I've done the wrong thing, and I know I have. Don't drag Amy down with me, please?"

He forced himself to make eye contact, his eyes pleading with hers for mercy on behalf of his girlfriend. Sue was the one who dropped her eyes first, deciding to abandon that line of questioning altogether. After all, Amy wasn't her child, Dan was. She had fulfilled her duty to her friend already by informing her of what had been happening with regards to her own son. It was now Sonia's job to play detective with Amy, and work out what, if anything, the girl had gotten up to. Sue had her own teenager to worry about.

"Alright mate, I won't push you on that. But I want to know why though? Why on earth would you smoke? You kids are way better educated on the subject than we ever were! You have to know how bad it is!"

"Why do you and dad smoke?" Dan asked calmly, but with that same hint of defiance. "You're grownups! You're supposed to be smarter than us kids! You know how bad it is too, but you still do it!"

Sue couldn't help but smile. "You're right, buddy-boy. We DO know how bad it is, but it's incredibly addictive. That's why we don't want you doing it. Once you're hooked, it's bloody hard to stop! Dad and I have said for years that we should quit, not just for our own sakes, but for yours as well. We knew we were setting a bad example for you, but I guess we kind of hoped you'd be smarter than we were."

She reached across the table, and placed her hand over his. She was relieved when he didn't pull away from her. "I'll tell you what Dan. Let's make a deal here. You promise me not to smoke anymore, and I'll try and give it up to! After tonight, I won't smoke around you anymore, and I'll try to give it up altogether as well. What do you say?"

"I like that mum. But do ya have to tell daddy, I mean dad, that I was smoking?"

Sue smiled to herself, amused at the way 'daddy' had popped out of Dans mouth. He hadn't used that term for probably two years or so. He was obviously concerned about his father, whom he idolised, finding out about his indiscretion.

"Tell you what mate. If you promise not to do it again, I won't tell him, alright?"

Dans mood abruptly changed. Suddenly he sat up straighter, and he issued a sigh of relief, even managing a brief smile. "Thanks mum! That'd be awesome!"

He pushed his chair back from the table, and started to get up, but his mothers grip tightened on his wrist, forcing him back down again.

"Not so fast, Danny boy. You don't get off that easy! You're still in trouble here you realise! I've got to work out what exactly to do with you!"

He slumped back down in his seat, feeling a dead weight in his stomach again. For the briefest of moments, he had thought he may escape any further sanctions. He was wrong.

"Starting as of this minute, you are officially grounded for the weekend. You will go to school tomorrow, then come straight home. Also, no mobile phone or computer until Monday. Got it?"

"Awww mum! I was gonna go to Amy's on Saturday! That's not fair!"

"Fair, schmair! That's what's happening mate. You can stay home and do some chores instead. If you want to talk to Amy, you can ring her on the home phone, but tomorrow, not tonight! No private conversations. You can call her after school tomorrow and tell her you've been grounded. But that's all. One weekend. I'm not going to cut your allowance off or anything else. I don't think that's too harsh, considering the magnitude of what you've done, do you?"

As disappointed as he was, Dan had to agree that he was getting off lightly. He had been having visions of being grounded without any allowance for a month, or even worse, being banned from seeing Amy for a long time. He had to admit, a weekend grounding with his father being left out of it was altogether a better outcome than he had hoped for. He tried not to show it, but the relief was evident in his face.

"Okay mum. But could I please call Amy now? Just to let her know what's happening?"

"No mate, not tonight. Besides, I reckon that Amy and her mother are having a little chat of their own right at this moment..."

"Oh mum! You didn't, did you?"

Sue smiled innocently at her son. "Didn't what Danny? I called Sonia, and told her what I'd caught you doing, that's all! I didn't say anything to her about Amy. But I'm pretty sure that Sonia will be asking her some questions of her own! But if Amy hasn't done anything wrong, then there'll be nothing to worry about, will there? But as Amy's mother, she has the right to know if her child, a child with bad health problems, is going to be hanging around with kids who smoke. It's called parental responsibility Danny."

Dan didn't trust himself to speak. He felt like yelling, swearing, stomping off and slamming his door again, but he knew that would only result in his punishment being extended even further. His mother was watching him, waiting for his reaction. He decided not to give her the satisfaction of carrying on, especially if he wanted to see his girlfriend again before he turned fifteen.

So not saying a word, he calmly got up, and walked back up to his room. It wasn't until the door was safely closed, that he lay face down in his pillow to muffle the sound, and allowed himself to burst into uncontrollable tears.

*568*2016-10-22 04:31

{{5 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Not being a parent myself, I'm not sure of the logic behind stopping Dan forewarning his friends? I mean Sue obviously knows and is gonna tell the other parents so they'll know too, where's the harm in letting Dan tell the other kids so they have a chance to compose themselves and avoid flaring up when they're caught off guard about it?

Mind you I know it's the sort of thing parents DO do so kinda wondering what the logic is?

}}

As a parent of four myself, two adults and two teenagers, I can absolutely guarantee that you will do whatever it takes to get the upper hand!

Ive never caught mine doing anything seriously bad, but you need to keep them on the back foot when you're interrogating them!

Grownups can be real dicks you know!

*573*2016-10-24 04:33

Chapter 50:

Dan woke up wet again, his diaper feeling very warm and heavy underneath his bum. He had a slight need to pee again, so he knew that he must've wet himself at least a couple of hours ago, not waking up at all when he did it. It didn't bother him too much this time, as he had expected it, as drinking tea before going to bed usually ended up with him wetting himself. He yawned and stretched, enjoying the way his sodden nappy rubbed against his boy bits, but hating himself a little bit for liking it.

Switching his alarm off, he debated having a shower before going downstairs. Even after all these years, he still felt awkward about walking around in front of his mother in his wet night nappy. They followed the same script most mornings. His mother would ask him if he was wet, or if he needed a shower, unless he came downstairs with wet hair, indicating that he'd showered already, and after showering last night, a morning shower would only indicate one thing, he'd needed one. If he was dry when he woke up, the better script would be followed, the one where she asked him if he was wet, and he could answer no, he hadn't wet himself, and she would smile at him.

That script was much nicer, although it too gave him mixed emotions. It was great being able to proudly tell his mother that his nappy was still dry, and it made him feel a lot more 'normal,' or 'grown up,' but at the same time, just having a conversation about wearing a diaper made him feel childish, like a little kid looking for praise.

But he didn't really care much which script they used this morning, anymore than he did about waking up wet. It had happened, just as he had known it would, and he couldn't raise the energy enough to care about admitting it one way or the other. Slipping into his dressing gown, he padded downstairs for breakfast, determined not to give his mother the satisfaction of knowing how mad he still felt. Besides, if he behaved himself, there was always the chance, however slight, that his mother may relent on his punishment, although he knew deep down that it was unlikely. If he was going to have any prospect of seeing Amy at all over the weekend, then he would play the game as best as he could.

"Morning Danny. Sleep well?" Sue asked him, nicely if not exactly cheerily.

"Not really," he half lied. In truth, he had struggled to get to sleep, tossing and turning for well over an hour first, but once he'd gone, he'd slept solidly all night, not even remembering any unpleasant dreams that he had expected to have.

"Need another shower this morning?" Sue asked tentatively, preparing herself for a morning tantrum.

"Yeah. I'm pretty wet I guess. I'll have one after breakfast."

His nonchalant response surprised her a bit. Usually that sort of admission would be given a bit huffily at least, and occasionally with anger, tears, or both, but not today it seemed.

"Need me to change your sheets mate?" Now she was on thin ice. The more she pushed him, the more he would bite back sometimes, but she was trying to get a handle on his mood more than anything, not really trying to actually provoke him as such.

"No mum. I didn't leak, the beds okay. I'll open my window before I go to school today though, air my room out a bit."

"I'll take you if you like mate. I'm going in to the office this morning, I can drop you off."

"No thanks mum. I wanna catch the bus, if that's okay with you?"

"Sure honey. Whatever you like. Want some eggs?"

"No thanks mum. I'll just have cereal today," and he lapsed into silence. Normally he'd play with his phone a bit, checking his messages and Facebook, but of course he didn't have it now, so he just sat staring at nothing in particular, but became even more aware of his body's growing urge to urinate. As Sue prepared him a bowl of his favourite cereal, Coco-Pops, not even attempting to sway him towards anything healthier, he decided to try his luck again.

"Mum...."

"Yes Danny," she replied, placing the bowl in front of him.

"Can I call Amy please? Before school? I'll use the house phone and you can listen."

Sue sighed in frustration. "Danny, I don't think you get my point. I don't want to eavesdrop on your phone call. That's got nothing to do with anything. You've lost your mobile privileges as a punishment, nothing more. And no, you're not calling her now. I said you could tonight, and that's that. End of story. Now if you're gonna catch the bus, you'll need to hurry up and have a shower, okay?"

Dan only sighed loudly in response, not trusting himself to speak. He was so mad at her right now, he knew that if he said anything, he'd probably only get himself into trouble again. But Man! Would he like to do or say something right now to show his frustration! Something rebellious, something naughty and defiant...

An idea crossed his mind as he ate in silence, whilst his mother busied herself in the kitchen. As he ate, he shifted slightly in his seat, opening his legs wider, feeling his diaper squishing around underneath him. It felt very wet, and he knew that it probably couldn't handle much more punishment before giving in and leaking, but the idea of deliberately wetting himself in front of his mother while sitting at the table was suddenly very appealing. He knew it wouldn't prove anything, but in a strange way he felt like he needed to do something 'wrong,' just for his own sake.

"Go on, do it! You're in control here!" The voice almost seemed to be whispering in his ear.

He pushed a bit, and almost jumped in surprise when the first shot of pee jetted out. He'd hardly had to try! He had thought that sitting at the table in front of his mother would make wetting himself on purpose a hard thing to do, but apparently not. He relaxed his hold, and the time didn't need to push, a steady little trickle leaking out as soon as he relaxed.

"Do you need bus fare?" Sue asked, surprising him out of his frozen state. He realised that he had been sitting like a statue, his spoon held still halfway between the bowl and his mouth, as the pee was trickling over his balls and into the already soaked padding between his legs.

"Um, ah, yes please mum," he responded, suddenly feeling his penis twitch, as the trickle turned into an unstoppable flood. Now he was pissing flat out, and had lost any hope of regaining control. His nappy was swelling up, trying to cope with the torrent within, and he could feel the wetness spreading across the top of his crotch, even trickling down his hips. He shuddered at the abrupt change of his bodies temperature, as his stream finally started to peter out.

"There's five bucks here on the bench for you Danny." Sue said distractedly. "You better hurry up and have your shower!"

Feeling very wet and nervous, Dan stood up, feeling hot rivulets running down the front and back of his legs, and over his feet, which were still encased in the blue booties on his footie pyjamas. He tightened the cord on his dressing gown, hoping against all hope that he wasn't leaving any drips on the floor or on his chair. A quick glance showed him that the chair still looked dry, but he reached inside his gown, and ran his hand over the backside of his pyjama pants, feeling a large, heavy wet patch causing them to droop down. His gown felt wet as well, but he hoped that the dark, navy blue fabric wouldn't show it up very much.

"Thanks mum," he mumbled, leaving the room as quickly as he could without looking suspicious, but feeling more drips on his legs and feet with every step he took.

Once inside his room, he took his gown off, and examined himself in the mirror. Both of his legs had small wet streaks on them, and the right foot of his pyjamas was visibly wet as well. His backside was saturated, with a big half moon shaped wet patch on each butt cheek, and he could feel the heavy weight of his soggy diaper drooping off his hips, hanging low in his pants.

Dan smiled at his reflection, feeling better than he had done for the last twelve hours. He knew that wetting himself on purpose hadn't really accomplished anything, but he felt like he had succeeded in doing something that his mother wouldn't approve of, and that's all that mattered.

Twenty minutes later, freshly showered and wearing a clean Goodnight underneath his onesie and school uniform, he said goodbye to Sue and headed for the bus stop.

Sue herself was about to leave, when she remembered Dans wet pants from the night before. He usually took care of his own washing, preferring to not let anyone else see or touch his wet pants, but after the tension of last night, he had obviously had other things on his mind apart from doing his laundry. Not wanting to let his pissy pants lay around all day, she decided to put them in the wash before she left, and to maybe check out the condition of his sheets as well, and make sure that he had remembered to open his window. After all, it certainly wouldn't be the first time that his sheets could be wet and he didn't say anything about it! He would rather change his own sheets than suffer the embarrassment of letting someone else see his wet patch, even if that meant leaving them on the bed all day, then changing them after school.

She entered his room, and saw that his blankets were all pulled back, exposing a clean, dry bottom sheet. "At least he hadn't lied about that," she thought, noticing the window was indeed opened as well. Laying in a crumpled pile in front of his mirror, was his jeans. She picked them up and examined them, noticing how the softball sized wet spot was nearly dry by now, but she couldn't see his underwear laying around at all. A quick inspection of his bathroom found them discarded on the floor next to his pyjamas. She picked them up, and was surprised to find them absolutely saturated, completely wet from the waistband down, the entire front and inside legs all wet, cold, and clammy. That just didn't make any sense at all! How on earth could his boxers be so wet, while his jeans were only showing off a little wet spot? Very strange.

She picked up her sons pyjamas next, wincing a bit at the feeling of wet fleece in her hand. Holding them up, she couldn't miss how the entire backside area was stained a much darker shade of blue, and even the legs had dark wet stripes on them.

"He must've wet the bed," she thought. "His pants couldn't possibly get so wet without wetting the sheets as well!"

Holding the evidence of Dans accident in her hands, as if she needed further proof, she again approached his bed, which still appeared perfectly dry. She ran a hand across the sheet anyway, just to confirm what her eyes had already told her. His laundry basket stood empty in the corner of the room, so she could tell that he hadn't changed the sheets before coming downstairs, but she was at a loss to understand how his pyjamas could be virtually dripping with wetness, yet his sheets remained dry.

Dans dressing gown lay draped over the back of his chair, so she picked that up, and ran an enquiring hand over the dark blue fleece, pausing as she felt a dampness in the lower back of it, pretty much exactly where his diapered butt would be situated should he be sitting down.

Sitting down. Like at the breakfast table for instance.

Carrying his pee soaked clothes downstairs, she put them straight into the washing machine with some other laundry, switched it on, then went back into the dining room. His bowl had been left on the table, (of course) so she knew exactly where he'd been sitting. A quick touch of the wooden chair showed it to be dry, and she was in the process of turning away, when the light caught something shiny on the floor. Three small drops of liquid, inches apart, were glistening on the tiled floor, looking as if they might have dripped directly off a certain teenage boy's wet pants.

"He must've wet himself at the table," she decided. "The poor little bugger must've had an accident while eating his breakfast!"

She tried to ignore another voice in her mind, a voice that kept whispering, "Unless it wasn't an accident....."

Anyway, accident or not, she was now running late, and didn't have time to think about it right then. The way they were arguing lately, made it highly unlikely that he'd open up honestly to her anyway, whether he'd done it purposely on simply had an accident.

She decided that rather than bring it up, adopting a wait and see policy might prove to be more harmonious for now anyway, so she made her her mind to just say nothing for the moment, but would instead keep a much closer eye on her sons supposed "accidents."

