The long Run

Author: Corrina

*000*2010-12-20 10:35

The Long Run

Chapter 1: The Long Run

After a long and rough day, I returned home tired and excited for tomorrow as for I have my cross country nationals. I walked up the stairs to my room and collapsed onto my bed as if I had no more energy. I opened my wardrobe and took out a tight long jeans and a extra underwear, I took off my short jeans and put on the extra underwear. This was my fetish, by wearing multiple layers of underwear and pants I feel complete and excited. I started to put my short jeans back on then the long tight jeans but as in the middle of tucking up the long jeans...

"Corrina!" Shouted my mum

I started to be nervous and shaky, "Y-yes" I replied in a nervous tone while I was pulling the jeans over the smaller one. My fingers were shaking so much I almost couldn't do the jeans button up, it was a tight fit but it felt good and I was relieved.

"Corrina can you come down" mum shouted again

"I-in a mi-minute" I shouted.

I started to feel a small pain in my abdomen as the drinks accumulated from my rough day running and training for tomorrow, and also by how tight the jeans were. As a walk down the steep stair my bladder slowly fills and the pain grows, each stair is like a giant 'leap of faith' to hold it in. As I reach the end of the staircase I felt the three final bottles of water reach my bladder, "arggg, I should have went to the bathroom first" I thought to myself.

"Hurry up Corrina" shouted my mum

"I-I'm coming" I said in a quiet tone

As I reached the kitchen; where my mum was, I saw her rushing everywhere. Then she said to me "honey, can you do the dishes and look out for the cooking please". I tried to say something but only mumbles came out of my mouth due to how desperate I needed to go to the toilet, by the time I replied clearly it was already to late; she had already left the room and couldn't hear my quiet tone. I walked over to the sink and started to scrub and wash, but all that did was making me more desperate. The thought of water running through my mind made me more and more in-need for the bathroom, I crossed my legs to relief my desperation. After a while I was past half way through washing the dishes when a small squirt came out, dampening my double layers, I quickly drop the sponge in my hand and started to clutch my crotch to stop the leakage.

As I finished the dishes I quickly put both my hands between my legs to ease myself, but another squirt came out, this one was enough to seep through my 2 panties and dampen my shorts. I was still nervous and very desperate but I couldn't go away cause I have to watch the cooking in-case it gets burnt or spills over, I slowly pulled my legs to the stove and started to watch the cooking while my hands are still down there. I started to get worried that I'll wet my two panties and two jeans, so I tried to call mum.

"Mum, hurry up please" I shouted the highest I can without wetting myself

"Few minutes dear" She said back from upstairs

I got more fidgety as time past, I looked back to the cooking and suddenly it started to sizzle out of control. I started to mix the food with the spatula and holding it with both my hands to cool the food down but it was only making it worse as the oil started to spit everywhere, Simultaneously my bladder started to give way leaking through my panties and into my jeans. I panicked, I couldn't do anything like my brain shut itself down due to the pressure. My long tight jeans started to darken around my legs as the pee started to travel down my legs, suddenly my reflexes started to kick in and I pulled my hand down to stop the flow but accidentally I hit the cooking pot and disaster happened. My two panties are totally soaked, my shorts are full soaked too and my jeans have a big long line of pee behind me legs.

My mum started to run into the kitchen and sees the mess, the floor filled with a giant puddle of pee mixed with the food which was cooking. Tears started to slowly form in my eyes as I was embarrassed in front of my mum, I even started to blush.

"there there, it's OK...Accidents happen" mum said in a sympathetic voice

"but" I replied in a sorrowful tone

"don't worry, we'll go to the bathroom to get you changed and washed up" she said to cheer me up

We both started to walk up the stairs to the bathroom, as we both moved up the stairs I started getting more nervous because She doesn't know that I'm wearing two layers of panties and jeans. I started to rush into the bathroom leaving behind my mum, as I was inside I started to unbutton my jeans as fast as I can but I was fumbling to much and couldn't unbutton it. My mum walked back with a new pair of underwear, a shirt and shorts, then she asked me to take off my clothes so she can put them into the wash. My heart started to thump so hard I can hear it inside my head, I don't want them to know I was wearing the two extra clothing especially when I wet them cause I'm gonna be so grounded. So much pressure and information was going through my head...

"Hurry up, I'm waiting" Mum said in a disappointed mood

As I took off the first jeans and exposed the short one, my mums eyes opened so wide and became so angry.

"Take those off immediately" she demanded

I was embarrassed and didn't want to continue because I know she's going to kill me, but I had to. I slowly took off the pee soaked shorts which was stuck to my skin and turned inside out as I pulled it off. Then I tried to double pull both my panties off so she doesn't know but suddenly.

"What the... Are you wearing two underwears, are you out of your mind? Wh-What the hell is wrong with you?" she screamed in my ears.

She was devastated in me, my conscience was telling me that it was a bad idea. I looked down at my panties and saw how she new I was wearing two not one, the color of the extra underwear was white and the other was pink, it was clear when you look at it due to the wetness. I took them off as fast as I can so I can get out of this situation but it was too late, it has already been done. My mum took the clothes down to the wash and locked the door, I turned on the shower to clean myself from the pee and also from the day outside. After I finished I wiped myself dry and wore the new pink underwear, a long shirt up to my thighs and a short boxer.

I went down stairs to get a drink of milk before I went to sleep, and I walked past my mum in the lounge room; she was just staring at me and checking if anything weird. I walked up the staircase and into my room, saw the clock and it was 10:47pm. I thought to myself I better get some sleep to the big day tomorrow, and jumped into my bed and turned off the lights. I started to sleep, but I didn't realize that I forgot to go to the toilet.

To be continued...

*005*2010-12-26 13:05

Thanks everyone for posting about my 1st story even though it's bad :'(. I'm not the best in english you know, but I'll try to uses your replies to my fullest next time.

