HARRY+ DRACO serialized novel

Author: Ranma23

*009*2012-02-15 21:06

I am feeling so much tenderness for my maniac, bipolar, unemotional, blonde!

Episode five

I WON'T BE NO RUNAWAY 'CAUSE I WON'T RUN

"I can’t believe this!!" Said Hermione, and leaned back on the armchair of a deserted common room.

Ron was staring at Harry in silence.

"I know..." said Harry.

He desperately needed to talk to someone and couldn't help but telling them, he casually run into a discussion of Malfoy and his father again, and could catch him talking about his mother and the potion. But that was all he said.

Hermione was worried and excited "His mother was probably a muggle born, and maybe Lucius fell in love with her so much, that he decided to do this incautious thing and give her the potion.... no no no.. If Draco remembers that...then maybe his mother was already married to Lucius and Draco was a little kid...Ah! Maybe she realized Lucius was a Dark wizard and decided to leave him, so he gave her the potion to avoid the family to be dishonored!"

" But he didn't know what he was doing and he killed her", Continued Harry.

" So now he is mad at himself and he throws all that on the poor Draco with his strict rules and staff... And Draco lost his mother" said Hermione sadly.

"Wow" said Ron

"I feel bad for him...I didn't imagine he was so troubled...Actually he is so mean sometimes, that I could have thought about it." sighed Hermione.

Harry was relieved she said that, and he was glad he was able to share the news with his friends again.

###

Harry was consulting the marauder's map lying on his stomach over the blanket of his bed. Draco was apparently also lying on his bed in his room.

Harry looked at the time. It was midnight.

He wanted to go deep in this mystery. He had felt something so powerful when he had been close to Draco that he decided not to investigate on what that was, but just follow it.

The kid wasn't talking to him at all, but not even trying to communicate in other ways. Harry was feeling like Draco wasn't just forced to do that but also not interested in being his friend at all, and he was beginning to resign to it. He thought that he couldn't avoid Draco's father violence but he could maybe try to protect him or at least be there. So he was checking the map every night to see if Draco was going somewhere.

Since that first time, at the room of lost things, Draco had never left his room again at midnight. Only a few days had passed by and Harry was sure it was going to happen again soon.

All of a sudden he saw Draco moving out of his dorm. Harry stood up in silence and took the cloak of invisibility, the map, and his wand left the room.

He followed the blonde for a long walk into the castle being careful not to be noticed even though sometimes Draco was turning around suspicious pointing his lit wand at him.

The kid had a very good ear. He was really never lowering his guard. Harry had a hard time following him safely.

As they begin to go up a stair Harry realized he had been there before.

He arrived a little after Draco and stopped behind the big stone handrail of the stairs watching the other walking towards something tall covered in a big dark sheet.

Harry felt a pang when Draco pulled the sheet off it.

He saw the blonde watching intensely at the silvery surface of the mirror and touching it with the tip of his fingers.

Harry almost gasped when a woman, of rare beauty appeared in the mirror and smiled in a disarming way at Draco.

Her hair was as blond as Draco's and her eyes as gray as his, but sweet and warm.

Harry watched the scene astonished.

Draco seemed to literally drink the woman's smile as milk from her brest. He inspired slowly until his eyes fell up in tears and he fell on his knees, leaning his hands on the ground. He was crying, as Harry had never him seen before.

Unlike his angry tears in front of Lucius, this cry was so desperate and deep that Harry almost started crying himself. He clenched his hand to the stone for sopping himself to go just go there and hug him.

The woman suddenly changed expression.

Her face was scared and started shaking her head watching Draco. But he was crying head down and didn't see her. Harry knew something was wrong. Stood up, he had a terrible feeling and glanced at Draco noticing he was slowly looking up as he felt something too.

Harry was faster then the light

In one quick movement he jumped and kneeled at Draco's side covering him under the invisibility cloak and holding him down in his position he put an arm around him and pressed his hand on his mouth. " We are invisible right now don't move" he whispered in his ear.

In that exact instant Lucius Malfoy appeared on top o the stairs.

Harry was holding up his wand in his free hand.

He could feel Draco's tears wetting his hand and his body shaking in fear as the father appeared few steps from them. The kid didn’t say a word only looked at Lucius petrified.

"Where are you?!" screamed Lucius furious then approached the mirror and stopped one inch from Draco who held his breath.

The woman was still there because Draco was there, but luckily his father didn't know that. He looked inside the mirror and seeing the woman he was confused. He stood there watching at the figure that was now looking very grave and cold.

Harry and Draco saw what seemed to be the ghost of tear coming inside Lucius eyes. But he burst out in rage right after and lifting his wand against the mirror and the image disappeared.

He looked shocked and disappeared in after 3 long steps toward the dark.

Harry and Draco let go their breath at the same time. Draco turned at Harry watching inside the green eyes for a long second in silence. Harry was frozen from that look he had and almost feared the boy. Then Draco stood up and got out of the cloak stopping two feet from Harry and having his shoulder to him. Shoulders, that Harry noticed where shaking in sobs.

Harry slowly took the cloak off and stood up behind Draco in silence.

"Why?" said Draco angrily?

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to spy on you, I... was trying to protect you...I was afraid that.."

Draco suddenly turned to him and taken the neck of Harry's shirt with both hands he put his gray eyes on Harry's surprised face screaming, "What the fuck were you thinking?! Don’t you understand Potter?! You have to stay far from me! My father is going to kill me, and you, if you don't stop getting in the way! Back the fuck up!!" And he left go of his shirt. Harry looked at him but couldn't say a word.

He suddenly felt something on his right side, he felt like he was being watched and quickly turned his head to find the mirror reflecting his parents.

Draco looked at the image then at Harry.

Because of his father being so powerful and important in the Wizards world he knew a lot about Harry, maybe more than Harry thought. And he had always been secretly respectful of his scar and his past because in some way he was feeling like Harry was the only person he knew, that had suffered as much as he did, in his childhood.

Although, that would be always the first thing he would use to hurt him, simply because he knew how much that would hurt.

Draco had been raised to be his rival, and that mission was written inside him like a modified chromosome. But he wasn't born like that, that's why he would notice and feel deeply the weakness of Harry, when it would show up, with a mixed sensation of power and sympathy.

"Don't look at it Harry... That mirror is worse than a curse,” said Draco. Harry's heart was pounding, he knew what that mirror was, and he knew how Draco was feeling when looking at it.

Moved the sheet with a spell of his wand covering the mirror, and his parents’ faces with a broken heart.

Draco, face still stricken in tears, was standing there in front of him looking at the process in grief as if he was attending the funeral of a beloved person.

They stood there in solemn silence for some seconds.

Draco sighed. He wiped his eyes with his hand. ""I didn't spoke up, because I didn't want him to know that you were there! What makes you think I enjoy being beaten by him all the time? I can't hide out! Have you asked yourself why nobody has ever done anything to stop him? My life is signed Harry! And yours too. But, in such different ways, that you don't even imagine. ...Run away! Far from me! You don't want to be my friend"

"You're so wrong Draco" said Harry realizing the blond was calling him his first name. " I only hope I avoided you to be trashed for once"

"You'd better go. My father will come look for me again because he didn't find me. And this, had only made things worse"

"NO! I won't go away!" said Harry angrily.

"Stay out of it!" said Draco before giving a last sad glance to the mirror, turning around and running down the stairs.

Harry stood there, glanced to the mirror too, and then left the room.

Harry checked the map all night and saw that Draco had never left the common room and he never went to bed.

The next morning Harry noticed Draco was looking very worn out. His hair was wet and messy like he just took a shower but his face was tired for the sleepless night.

Harry was also tired; he hadn't slept more than him.

Draco glanced at him from his table at breakfast sipping at his second coffee, trying to wake up.

"Open -The history of potions- at page 68. The potion of the five witches.." Said Snape sitting at his desk.

Hermione and Ron were looking at Harry worried for his health. Harry was listening to the lesson but his mind was not on that.

"This potion is famous for being made of 5 ingredients all coming from the body of 5 female creatures...,” continued Snape while the class was taking notes.

The first hour and 40 minutes passed very fast for Harry that was almost sleeping with open eyes.

As he shook himself, to avoid of falling over his book, he glanced at Draco once, then twice...

He could see him sitting very tense. His hand, holding the edge of the chair, was slightly shaking.

Harry felt sorry. He looked around and noticed that Snape was looking at Draco.

"Something wrong Mr. Malfoy?" he asked to the boy.

Draco answered clearly. "No Sir"

Snape looked back at him suspiciously then continued with the lesson.

Harry knew that exact moment that Draco was feeling really angry for having attracted the attention of Snape and that he was in such a pain he couldn't move a muscle. Or better, he was being rock steady in a situation where a normal person would have been squirming like mad on the chair. But his hidden shaky hand was betraying him and his eyes were pretty watery too.

Harry looked at the time, 15 minutes left. He wondered if Draco could really hold that long. He noticed he had started squirming but only moving a bit his thighs.

Ten minutes later, Harry was in pain only watching at him. He was keeping still but at what price! His thighs squeezed together his back stiff and his hands were almost crashing the wood of the chair.

Harry was sure he wasn't going to make it this time.

When the teacher dismissed the class Harry noticed Draco's head was down and he was saying, "fuck off!" to Goyle who was trying to make sure he was ok. But he didn't dare to stand up.

Only Harry and Snape remained behind while the students were almost all gone.

Ron and Hermione stopped on the door looking back at Harry

"Mr. Malfoy are you ok?" Said Snape walking to Draco's table and trying to figure out what was his problem

Draco's head was still down, the soft blond wisps falling in front. They couldn't see his eyes but they could see the tears falling down.

"I...m..ok.." mumbled Draco faintly.

Harry Looked at Professor Snape and knew that Draco was hoping he would just leave so that If he was going to have an accident he could just clean up avoiding someone to see it.

But Snape was not leaving.

"Malfoy, you don't look ok, what's wrong? Are you feeling sick?"

"I said I'm ok! " said Draco between clenched teeth, but he left out a whimper and bent over straining his eyes.

"Come with me to the Infirmary Malfoy" said Snape

"No, Sir. Just leave please!" Said Draco this time his voice was broken. He was past the limit and he didn't even know how could he be still holding.

"Please.." he said again when Snape touched his shoulder to push him back a beat and see his face " Malfoy this is ..."

He stopped as he heard a splashing sound and realized that pee was gushing out of that shaking body uncontrollably and running down the chair, hitting the floor. Draco was bending over and moaning.

Harry was paralyzed. He already knew that this was going to cost Draco another load of violence.

"Malfoy! Why didn't you ask to leave the class earlier?!" Asked Snape disappointed just realizing what the problem was.

Draco didn't say anything, his forehead on the table; hands still clenched to the chair and couldn't move.

He was only hoping Snape was the only person in the room.

Bu Harry was there and Ron and Hermione as well. Harry walked out immediately dragging his friends with him keeping as quiet as he could.

Snape bent on the kid put his hands on his shoulders and pushed him up.

Draco was sobbing in tears and shaking.

Snape was feeling so sorry for him; the kid was looking so helpless...

" Draco", said softly, waving his wand and cleaning up all the mess. " You need to explain to me what's the matter with you. I have never seen you acting like this."

Draco was just as silent as before.

"You are a good student and a brilliant wizard and you are always the most composed of the whole class. Now what the hell happened to make you do this?"

"I can't talk to you,” said Draco "Can I leave now, please?"

"Of course.." sighed Snape knowing that it was not the moment to argue.

Draco left the class and dashed to the nearest bathroom. He was heading to a stall to free himself of the most part of what had been holding, when he froze halfway and turned back.

His father was waiting for him there.

"I...I just have to .." Mumbled the kid

"Come here" said Lucius

"Yes, Sir" said Draco and moved closer.

*

Meanwhile, Harry Ron and Hermione were hanging out on top of the stairs, discussing the situation.

"I am shocked, indeed " said Hermione "I have never seen Malfoy so defenseless!"

Harry thought that was a thing Draco would appreciate to hear.

"It's just weird... now that I think about it I never recall once Draco asking to leave the class in this 3 years.." Said Ron

"You’re right..." said Hermione.

"I'm not surprised he was bursting!" laughed Ron

"Oh, stop it!" said Hermione.

Harry listened to their voices in silence. He was so glad to have friends like them.

*

"Come closer" said Lucius looking at his son shaking "Where is your dignity? stop shaking already!"

"I was going... to the bathroom...can you just let me.."

"Silence!" Lucius shut him up "I thought you already pissed on the dungeon floor in front of you teacher"

Draco was so frustrated he thought he was going to pass out.

"That was an accident...I couldn't hold it long enough...I tried. I was able to do that before that night!"

"What night?" Asked Lucius impatient

"Halloween " Said Draco looking at the floor and tensing his very stressed muscles. He squirmed helplessly and bent over.

"Stand straight!" screamed his father

" I have to pee...please"

Lucius took his son's arm and dragged him to the wall, then he put his face in front of the kid's face, pressing his body against the tiles while he was trying to free himself from the iron clench squirming and moving around.

"Stop moving!" his father voice was terrorizing him.

He stopped moving with all his strength, but as soon as he did, he started crying and peeing on the floor out of control.

Lucius backed up "What are you doing?" said angrily and slapped him so strong that the ring he was wearing left a deep scratch on Draco's face.

Draco was exhausted "please stop! Stop! Please! " He said covering his face and crying as he slipped his back slowly down the wall on the ground just sitting in his puddle.

Lucius realized that was the first time Draco ever asked him to stop.

"I am deeply disappointed. Next time I won't be this patient,” He said and after cleaning the floor and the kid with a spell he disappeared.

###

"Oh shit! I forgot something in the dungeon, see you there, ok?" Harry said to Ron and Hermione while they were leaving the stairs to go to class.

He dashed down to the dungeon and peeped from the class door looking for Draco. It was empty.

He thought he didn't se anyone walking up the stairs as they had been there all the time.

He peeped into the keyhole of Snape's office and found Snape with a finger up his nose. He assumed he was alone.

Then he saw the hallway taking to the bathroom.

He rushed through it and opened the bathroom door to find Draco sitting on the floor holding his head in his hands and shaking.

"What happened?" Said Harry kneeling in front of him and trying to see his face

But Draco pushed him back violently and stood up "Leave me alone!" he screamed like crazy. His voice was drained.

Harry landed back on his hands then quickly stood up reaching Draco trying to hold his wrists while the blonde was pushing him away and screaming in a desperate cry. "I SAID LEAVE ME ALONE!"

"Draco stop! Listen to me! " He noticed the deep scratch on his face "Was your father here? Talk to me!! Draco!"

Harry managed to block his hands and break through them, closing his arm around him; he hugged his shaky skinny body.

Draco widened his eyes for a second. Suddenly stopped screaming and floundering about, and slowly, leaned his head on Harry's shoulder crying softly.

Harry was shaking a bit too. He felt some tears burning into his eyes. He held his rival in his arms and leaned an open hand on his back, feeling the heart pounding inside him and the frantic breathing gradually calming down.

Draco didn't hug him back, and this was making Harry even sadder for him. It was like he didn't even know what that was; probably last time he had been hugged he was a baby.

But he seemed to surrender at the power of that comforting feeling, and at the flow of energy that Harry had known before and now happily realizing it hadn't been just a dream.

They stood there for a couple of minutes, until Draco slowly moved back, his head down, and walked away.

Harry turned over and looked at the boy approaching the door "I won't run away!" said to him.

Draco stopped for a second, and then left the bathroom in silence.

......to be continued

*010*2012-02-19 18:45

Episode six

WE DON'T BLEED WHEN WE DON'T FIGHT

Draco was lying flat on his bed, wrapped in his bathrobe after a long hot shower.

He didn't show up at the next class

He was thinking about his mother and trying to remember as much as he could of her. The image of her drinking out of a small bottle in front of Lucius was tormenting him. He remembered how she stopped taking care of him, and herself, only keeping busy around Lucius, until she had the strength to do that. Then she would be in bed for months, without eating, always longing for the presence of Lucius that was gradually running away from her, and refusing to see Draco or any other person, and in the end passing away.

Draco's heart was broken, he closed his eyes.

He tried to go backwards in his memories, to catch something good and he recalled his mother spreading her arms at him. In that moment his mind moved to Harry.

###

"What's that?" asked Hermione to Harry as he sat next to her in the classroom, still breathing too fast for the rush.

Harry looked at his shirt and realized that it had a large wet pouch on the shoulder. He sighed. "Nothing” said clumsily. Bur Hermione was staring at it closer and stopped his hand when he tried to touch it.

"Hold on Harry" she said and taken a small empty bottle from her bag, she waived her wand on top of Harry's shoulder and the wetness started to sparkle as it gathered into a shapeless shiny mass hanging from Hermione's wand. She lifted it up, put it in the bottle and closed it.

"Who's tears are these?" she asked at Harry's surprised face.

###

Draco fell asleep, and slept for hours until someone entered the room and woke him up.

"Draco!" said Goyle surprised "You didn't show up at dinner. Are you ok?"

Draco rubbed his face and sat up on his bed " I was feeling sick. But I am ok now" he said quietly.

"You didn't eat anything... want some of these?" said Goyle showing a box of crackers.

###

"Ouch! Can you pay attention?" said Hermione to Ron when he walked on her foot.

"Sorry! It’s dark in here!" hushed Ron trying to walk properly, squeezed in between Her and Harry under the Invisibility cloak.

"Here we are" said Harry opening the door of Dumbledore office.

Some old sleeping wizard in the paintings snored loudly.

"Keep quiet. The Pensieve is there" said Harry walking towards a big stone bowl.

The three kids looked into the bowl, their faces lit by the shiny surface of the liquid inside it.

"Go ahead Hermione" Harry touched the surface with his wand

Hermione uncapped the little bottle and poured it in the Pensieve. They approached their faces to the surface and they felt gently dragged into it.

They landed inside the dark, big, room of a castle and saw a blond woman was lying on a sumptuous bed. Her face was to skinny, dark circles were ruining the beautiful gray eyes and her thin body was almost not making a shape under the blankets.

Harry recognized Draco's mother. The door of the room opened and a 9 years old Draco entered with a plate in his hands. He approached the bed and tried to feed the woman the content of the plate with a spoon.

She pushed him away, throwing the food on the ground and turning her face the other side.

"Mom.." said Draco faintly " please eat... Mom!" the kid sat on the bed surrendered and slowly caressed his mother's feet over the blanket.

The three hearts sank in the corner of the room

The memory changed. They were now in a big living room where Lucius was talking to someone but they couldn't see who he was. Draco was listening at the conversation hidden behind a door.

"I don't have a choice,” said Lucius "I can't allow this to happen"

"All right. Here is the potion N°9. You need to put the last ingredient in it and after that, you only have few minutes to administer the potion." said the voice

"I understand..." answered Lucius grave "Is my son going to be affected in any way from this?"

"Lucius, you know you can't do this without consequences..." said the voice

"Will he die?"

"Not necessary, it depends on the percentage... I guess the Dark Lord can help you with that, because you did so much for him"

The memory changed again. Lucius was taking a blood sample from Draco's arm. Draco was quiet even though his look was worried. "Am I sick?" he asked to his father

"No, you're not. Just keep quiet and go to your room" said Lucius, nervous

A rapid change of memory pushed the three kids out of the pensive violently after a fast and scary second in which they all saw the face of You Know Who smiling and getting closer"

"Oh my God!!" said Hermione shaking with tears in her eyes, sitting up on the marble floor.

"This is more complicated that we thought" said Harry shocked

"So...was Draco's blood the secret ingredient?" asked Ron shaking.

"Maybe.." said Hermione

One of the wizards in the paintings mumbled something in his sleep

"Let's go guys" said Harry taking the memory back from the Pensive and picking up the invisibility cloak.

###

Draco was under a hot morning shower when he realized that he hadn't seen his father in one week.

He hoped that things would just stop being so stressful. For the past week Harry and his two friends where watching him all the time and he was so annoyed about it. He hoped Harry hadn't told them what happened in the bathroom or any other thing he could know about him.

He couldn't stop thinking at the hug he received from him and how powerful and disarming that was. But there was no way that it would happen again. And he was not going to talk to Potter any more.

He decided to keep it straight, and avoid giving his father another chance to be an asshole. He didn't really want to see him that often, by the way.

Therefore, he was going to the bathroom at every chance he had, and for some days he didn't have painful holding sessions or accidents. He was also feeling better and able to hold longer, almost like before.

He felt like everything was going back to its sad but quiet normality and he was feeling relieved.

Harry was a little bothered that Draco was totally ignoring him but he decided to give him a break and let him keep up with his rituals in order not to get trashed again.

Harry understood from Draco's face and from checking the marauder's map that Draco's father had not returned at the castle for the past week and he was happy about it. Draco was looking more healthy and relaxed.

"Huff I hate this stairs!" panted Ron walking up to the divination classroom "Hey is this the Slytherins week?" asked to Harry

"It must be that" said Harry seeing the students joining the class.

Dumbledore decided to make a week any 3 month in which the classes would be mixed up so that the students could have an idea of other subjects and share something more. He was very interested in keeping peace and friendship among the wizards of tomorrow.

Draco was half way on the long stair when he realized he had forgot to go to the bathroom since before lunch, and cursed himself. But professor Sybil Trelawney was climbing the stair few feet down and he didn't dare ask to go back for a moment. Not to mention he would have been late.

He tried to think of what did he drink at lunch, and sadly remembered the salty broth he had, that made him drink too much water without noticing.

He tried to calm down and think it was going to be all right.

That was his first time in that class and he was surprised by the place looking more like a tearoom than like a class. He sat on the same table of Goyle and he realized Harry was sitting at his right with Hermione and the boring weasel.

He suddenly noticed the large teacup put upside down on a plate in front of him and realized every student had one.

The teacher started the class with her usual drawling voice. After the first few words of the teacher Draco was already sick of the lesson.

40 minutes into the lesson, Hermione pinched Harry's arm. "Ouch!" said Harry massaging it. "What?"

"What’s wrong with Malfoy?" she asked.

Harry turned at him and recognizes his typical elegant-holding posture. Sitting forward on his chair one elbow on the table and one hand holding the edge of the chair. His back straight he really looked like he was listening to the lesson, but a watchful look would catch that something was not all right.

"Oh” he said, "I think he really needs a wee"

"Seriously?" she said, "he's not even squirming! He's just kind of stiff looking"

"I think he just doesn't want to show it" said Harry a little worried.

###

"And now, are you ready for the usual tea leaf reading?" Said the professor

"What is that supposed to be?" asked Draco looking at Goyle.

The chubby guy shook his head confused.

"Oh no..!" hushed Hermione

"What?" asked Harry

"Obviously" she said "Draco is going to have to drink the tea. We still have another hour to go, I hope he will ask to go to the bathroom... "

"That's true.." said Harry and turned to Draco again, he was looking very worried at the big kettle the teacher was holding.

Harry sighed.

Draco glanced slightly disgusted at the teacher while she was pouring the hot liquid in his cup hoping she wouldn't fill it to the edge, but that was exactly what she did.

"..Then you drink the whole cup, and put it upside-down on the plate, for a few minutes” She explained pouring tea to each student.

Draco gulped. He was already holding since the beginning of the class and that was starting to become unbearable, he didn't want to drink hot liquids.

Harry Ron and Hermione were drinking their tea and glancing at Draco every now and then.

Draco drank the tea, slowly, trying to procrastinate the end of it; too scared that the teacher would think he'd like a refill. As soon as he started drinking one of his legs begin to bounce slightly under the table.

"Don’t panic,” he was telling to himself.

The teacher said "Now, hand your upside-down cup to the person on your right. And turn the cup to read the leaves.

Draco bit his lip in disappointment; he took the plate and turned to Harry. His hand was shaking and the cup clinking. Harry held it and stopped the noise.

"Are you ok?" hushed to Draco

Draco gave him his usual icy glance and took the other cup from Harry's hand turning back to his place.

Harry sighed and put the cup on the table then he turned it up. He gasped;

"What's wrong?" asked Hermion

"The Grim..." said Harry softly

"What?" said Hermione and Ron at the same time.

Draco understood something was wrong with his cup and turned to them "What?!"

His bladder was swollen and e was making a humongous effort to sit still.

"Nothing!" the three kids answer together shaking their heads.

Then looked at each other "what the hell?" Whispered Hermione, shaking her head.

Draco was looking at them very annoyed. "Well, there is a frigging ship in your cup, Potter I hope you know what that means!" And turned his back

"That would be your Grim Harry,” said Hermione, holding a smile.

The Grim was the only thing that Harry had seen in his tealeaves for the whole year. The first time it was a shock, being one of the most terrible death omen, but then he almost got in habit to see it.

Now, he was very curious to know why the only other person to get a Grim in his tealeaves was Draco Malfoy.

The teacher was walking around tables checking the cups.

"You mean, he is way past what he seems to be?" asked Hermione low voice

"Yeah, said Harry, if that was me, I would be holding my crotch like a baby!" said Harry and blushed "He's not even crossing his legs I don't know how he does that"

"He's crying!" said Hermione

"What?'" Harry quickly turned at Draco, he was not crying but his eyes were watery and that was the sign he was past the limit.

"We have to do someth..." but before Harry could finish his sentence Hermione was standing up saying low voice to him and Ron "you two don't move, ok?"

She wandered faking an unsteady walk and held herself at Draco's chair.

"Pleas help me, I am feeling sick.." she said leaning on him

Draco looked at Harry and Ron like he was saying, "Take her back!"

But Hernione called the professor" excuse me miss Trelawney can I go to the infirmary I feel sick"

The teacher approached her worried " Of course sweetie! Please go... Do you want someone to come with you?"

That's what Hermione was hoping to ear " Yes, please Malfoy come with, I need help” She said with a hand on her forehead peeping at his face between her fingers.

Draco didn't move and looked at her kind of annoyed.

"Go Malfoy! Hurry up!" said the teacher disappointed for the kid's lack of courtesy.

He finally stood up, his eyes strained and watery, and followed Hermione out of the class.

Harry and Ron had witnessed the whole thing in silence with their mouth half open.

As soon as they left the room Ron said "I don't want to leave her alone with Malfoy!"

Harry reassured Ron, even though he was worried too, but he confided in Hermione's intelligence and he knew Draco would not hurt her.

"Come on" said Hermione walking down the stairs, she didn't look dizzy any more.

"What is this all about?" asked Draco angrily trying hard not to pee himself at every step.

"Why don't you say it?" said Hermione glancing at him

"Say what?" Asked Draco and he felt a sprout coming out. He gasped and squatted down immediately and, as Hermione turned her head to him, he sat on the stair, trying to be casual.

" Malfoy, you are bursting, I can tell!" She said shaking her head.

Draco's cheeks suddenly turned pink but he didn't loose the eye contact with her.

That was probably part of his 'not dropping his guard whatsoever' rule.

"And why does that matter to you?" asked Draco angrily.

This time Hermione blushed violently. She just realized she wasn't supposed to know anything about him and she was now in a very equivocal position.

"I... Nothing" she said "it's just that I was feeling dizzy and I really wanted to leave the class but I thought you... could use a break too, so I asked you to come with"

Draco shuddered as his bladder jolt again and he stopped a sprout from coming out but this forced him to hold his crotch and squeeze his thighs.

Hermione stood there with her mouth half open "Are you ok?"

"Yes.." said Draco with a strained voice. Trying to regain control of his body

"feel free, we are out of the classroom now"

"What do you mean?" asked Draco annoyed.

"I mean that I noticed you never ask the teacher to leave the class, even if you are bursting, why would you do that?"

"You noticed? How nice is that!" he said finding that very intrusive and rising his eyebrows.

"I noticed... I was watching you lately... and I realized you do that all the time" Hermione was ebarrassed, she couldn't really stop saying what she was thinking.

" Well, this is none of your business filthy m.."

"Mudblood?" cut out Hermione " Yes, and proud of it!" She turned over and went down the stairs.

Draco stood up troubled, and kept walking down the never-ending stair. He was glad that the bitchy witch was gone so he could squeeze himself when he needed to without being embarrassed, and he needed it so bad. What did she mean by 'proud' anyway? He hoped Harry hadn't found out about him being not a pure blood.

He kept going down almost gasping at every step and clenching his crotch tight.

He hoped the bathroom would be at the end of the stair, because he felt he was really not making it. A sudden and energic sprout passed the fabric and wet his hand.

He panicked and looked at his black pants, the wet pouch was visible.

Come on! It must be over! Said to himself, turning the round wall of the tower stair, but it won't end.

"Malfoy! You’re still there?" Hermione appeared in front of him scaring him so much that a big sprout escaped him and he shoved both hands between his legs sinking to the floor.

"Uh.. What tha..ff.."

"Ops..Sorry! I didn't want to.." said Hermione in panic " Hey..."

"Get lost! " said Draco between clenched teeth, squeezing his crotch kneeled to the ground.

"You are almost there, Draco, the bathroom is at the end of the hallway..."

"At...the end..?" repeated Draco low voice. He wasn't even sure about standing up.

"Can I help you somehow?'"

Draco didn't answer he bit his lip and rocked a bit back and forth. -Please, not in front of the witch!- he thought.

He felt his bladder was going to explode any seconds, he couldn't move.

Hermione was thinking and thinking but nothing could come up in her mind.

"Why don’t you... run to the bathroom?" she said.

She was very distracted by Draco's predicament, she almost felt excited in seeing him like that. And couldn't really take her eyes off him.

Draco left out a whimper and strained his body, his face contracted in pain. Hermione widened her eyes as she heard the sound water gently hitting the floor and noticed that it was coming through Draco's hands clenched on his crotch.

She saw a tear running down his face and felt very bad for him. She looked down at the waterfall of pee slowly flowing down the stairs next to her feet.

Draco was still trying to hold but with bad results. And pee was just gushing out uncontrollably and flooding out between his knees.

"Let it go now..." she said worried " that's not healthy..."

"Ssshut up!" said Draco between clenched teeth, very frustrated.

"What’s wrong with you?!" said Hermione offended

"What’s wrong with you! Do you like to watch?" said Draco giving her an icy tearful look.

She blushed, felt her heart pounding at that look.

For the first time she realized he was very cute, and even more, all angry and embarrassed like that. But she was very hurt from his ungrateful behavior. In the end, she was just trying to help him.

Draco took his wand out, his hand was shaky his cheeks still pink. Hermione looked at his face, took her wand out and cleaned up the floor and his clothes before he could do that.

"Oh wow! "Said Draco annoyed, stood up with a bitter smile on his face "Always top of the class! Aren't ya?" he sneered, then turned over climbing up the stairs.

Hermione remained there, hurt. She didn't know why that was hurting so much.

When Draco entered the classroom alone, red-eyed with a vexed expression on his face Ron and Harry almost figured out what happened. As he sat down, Harry bent toward him and said "where's Hermione?"

Draco gently slipped sideways on his chair and turned his back to him pretending to listen to the professor.

Ron looked at Harry confused and at the same time Hermione entered the classroom.

She was looking mad. Sat back in silence.

"Oh sweetie, are you ok now?" sqeaked the teacher.

"Yes Madam, thank you, I feel better now,” she said with a fake smile, looking sideways at Draco who ignored her.

"What happened?" said Ron low voice as soon as the smiling teacher went back to her lesson.

"Nothing, I just took some time for myself and told him to go ahead" she said calm.

Ron was suspicious and almost felt jealous. He liked Hermione a lot, but never had the gut to tell her and he was afraid she would fall in love with someone else before he could confess it.

Harry, ignoring that, was actually feeling like he should have gone with Draco instead of Hermione. And thought he had missed something.

###

"So, will you tell us what happened?" asked Ron sitting at a table in the common room

Hermione was studying on a big old book "He didn't make it to the bathroom" she said dry.

Harry and Ron looked at each other. They wouldn't like to be in his shoes. Wetting himself in front of Hermione! They figured she gave him a hard time about it.

"And...What?" Asked Harry

"Do you want the details?" asked Hermione sarcastic

"N..No" said Harry blushing "I mean what did he say?"

"He wouldn't say that he had to go, even though he couldn't help holding himself! I guess he was struggling down the stairs and ....I think I accidentally scared him, and made him loose control. He was very mad at me."

The two kids gulped.

"No wonder he had that face" said Ron holding a smile.

Harry sighed.

"Come here guys!" said Hermione grave "look at this. _ Love potion N°9...the most dangerous potion ..bla bla bla.. And then: A curse is closely related to this potion. If the person who drinks the potion is a woman she'd better not have given birth to any child yet."

"What does it means?" asked Ron

"I don't know!.. Let me read more” said Hermione "... Any child she has given birth to, will fall into the same process leading to certain death on the day he will fall in love with someone. The chance to survive is absolutely sure only if the child will never fall in love for the course of his whole life ...."

The three kids looked at each other astonished.

Hermione looked down at the book to read more " There had been rare cases in which the child had not been affected form this process, mostly depending on how much he has inherited from his mother's DNA. "

She stopped

"Draco's blood was not the secret ingredient" She said "His father was checking how much he would have risked his life... the question is: did he do it before of after giving her the potion?"

"the Grim..." said Harry

Him and Ron were looking at Hermione waiting for more. But she was now looking absent-minded her eyes on the table, hoping Draco could be safe somehow.

*012*2012-02-20 16:45

I see...and does it get any better in the last episodes? Is that so confusing that you can't enjoy it ? I am trying so hard! But I have never wrote narrative in English!

*016*2012-02-20 23:01

{{:

I like it :) The story's well thought-out and the characters are interesting. It's not perhaps the best-written piece in the world, but that doesn't matter so much on a website like this, particularly when the content is so good.

The one thing I find rather strange is the way in which Lucius keeps randomly finding his way into the school. I'm sure they have guards in place to prevent wizards from apparating in and out. And I'm quite sure that Dumbledore would realise that somebody kept entering the school uninvited and take measures to stop it- particularly following the way in which Draco's father put Draco in the hospital wing previously.

But apart from that, good work and keep writing! :)

}}

Thank you so much!! Because nobody was posting I thought the story was very bad!! If anyone wants to help me and edit my episodes also changing the parts that are not working in English I will be glad to start an emailing and do this. I can repost the whole story in a new topic.

About Lucius! Damn! I know that's the weak point. I am working on it and I actually have a reason for him to be allowed to enter the school. If you think about it there are many possible blackmail he could have done to dumbledore. In my story he is much more powerful then in the original. Anyway I will work it out.

The fun thing is that all this story was born from my fantasy on desperation and when you fantasy you don' t really need to have all the reasons for the things to happen! And I needed Lucius to be able to do this or the whole story would not go on! Now I feel way more motivated and I will do a good job promise!!! Thanks again! keep following! And keep believing in fantasy!

*017*2012-02-20 23:08

{{:

Good job! keep going!! :D

}}

Thank you so much! I really needed to hear this! *_*

*019*2012-02-20 23:10

{{:

I for one think the story is wonderful! Yes there are a few mistakes, but its obvious your trying hard, and that should be enough. :) ITs really not all that confusing anyway, to me at least.

I can't wait to read more!! this is most deffinantly one of my favorite stories, and the plot is magnivicent! :)

}}

Thank you my friend!!

{{:

Maybe I got used to your writing but it seems fine to me :)

I liked that theres another HP omo story on here, and I love your Harry and Draco..and Snape.

Clearly I love the story!

I cant wait for the next update.

}}

Thank you !!! T_T. I am so happy to hear this!!

*021*2012-02-28 20:08

{{:

Hey, wow.

I really love your story.

Yes, there are a lot of gramatical errors, but if you don't often write in English, that can't be helped.

Although, if you want any help editing, I would love to help you out :)

I'm an amateur author myself, so I pay a lot of attention to detail.

If you'd like my help, just message me.

All in all though, It's an amazing story, and I just can't wait to read the rest!!!

:D

You really are a talented writer.

Please don't stop writing.

}}

Thank you so much! I don't deserve such a good critique! *_*
