Transpacific Flight

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-12-11 21:17

I wrote this on a request from diaperwetboy101. Usually, I just share requests through messages, but I really like his ideas, and I'm not going to get a chance to post anything else for awhile, so I thought I'd put this up. The length was getting a bit out of control, so it's not much of an ending. Enjoy, and happy holidays!

###

“Molls, where’s my Kindle?”

“One sec, Bridey,” Molly grunted in reply as she rifled through her sister’s backpack in the overhead bin. She tried to quell her irritation at her younger sister. Logically, Bridey should’ve taken out the Kindle before she’d handed the backpack to Molly to put up, but the 13-year-old wasn’t quite as accustomed to air travel as Molly was.

Molly’s hand finally closed around the e-reader, and she pulled it out to hand to Bridey. The younger girl murmured her thanks, then pressed herself back into her aisle seat so Milly could squeeze by.

Liam, Molly and Bridey’s 14-year-old brother, was already nestled into the window seat; on the big 747 plane, the siblings had three seats on the left side, up against the bathrooms halfway back in economy. Molly didn’t relish the idea of sitting in a middle seat for the 15-hour flight from Melbourne to Los Angeles, but, at 18, she figured her responsibility as the oldest sibling was to voluntarily accept the discomfort, rather than arguing with the two younger ones over it.

The Rogan siblings were on their way back home from spending a month in Australia with their grandparents, who had moved overseas two years ago for retirement. Now that Molly had graduate and Liam and Bridey were both in their teens, their parents had determined that the kids were responsible enough to accept their grandparents’ invitation to spend part of their summer across the Pacific. The teens had enjoyed themselves; though they’d been to Mexico with their parents, none had ever been to another continent. It was technically winter in Australia, but the late July-early August weather had been mild and cooperative.

The three teens, by virtue of their own youth, had adjusted fairly well to the extreme time difference, but now, faced with the prospect of a half-day flight and functional travel back in time (the flight departed at 9 PM from Melbourne and was schedule to land at 5 PM on the same day in California), they were already testy and tired. Sure, the plane was well-equipped with movies and games at each seat, but it was far less exciting being on a flight back to “real life” than it was going the other direction, toward a month of international vacation.

So Molly was doing her best to placate her younger brother and sister, or at least keep them from further irritation. Really, Liam and Bridey weren’t bad kids. Liam was quiet and sweet, a modest result of being raised with two sisters. Bridey certainly had a bit of the princess attitude that came with being the baby of the family and a girl, but she admired her two older siblings and was secretly grateful to have been so seamlessly included in their adventures over the past month.

All settled into their seats, the Rogans began the modern process of pulling out headphones and arranging their electronic entertainment. After enjoying the novelty of the amenities of a trans-Pacific flight on the way over, Liam and Bridey weren’t quite as keen to stay up the entire time and explore all of the movie and game options on the seat-back screens. They were both planning on staying awake only long enough to check out the dinner service, then try to sleep away a large portion of the flight.

Molly looked to her left and right at her younger brother and sister. They seemed to be relaxing a bit after the comparative stress of getting through airport security. She could tell they were both tired, and she hoped they’d both sleep well.

Because she wouldn’t.

Molly wasn’t planning on sleeping at all. She’d managed to stay awake through a combination of coffee and movies on the flight over and had breathed a huge sigh of relief.

She hadn’t fallen asleep, which means she hadn’t wet herself.

As much as she hated saying it, or even thinking it, Molly still wet the bed. Well, “still” wasn’t really the right word, because she’d only started a few years ago; it’s not like she’d never been dry at night. Nor did she wet every night – it was a few times per week, and with no discernable pattern. Not that either of those facts were any consolation to the soon-to-be college freshman.

Her grandparents had been duly informed of her “little problem,” and thankfully, had enough guest bedrooms that Molly got a room to herself, where she could change into and out of her pullups without her siblings seeing. Liam and Bridey weren’t cruel; Molly just couldn’t bear the thought of her younger siblings finding out that their older sister was a bedwetter.

So she had no plans to sleep on the plane. Of course she’d used the restroom in the airport before getting on the plane, and she didn’t intend to drink a whole lot at dinner, but it wasn’t worth the risk to fall asleep.

After what seemed like ages, the plane finally took off, headed northeast across the Pacific. The Rogan siblings each chose a movie to keep themselves occupied. Liam and Bridey were already groggy, barely moving in their seats; Molly chose an action film in an effort to keep herself more engaged.

Within an hour, the dinner service came around, and the teens chose meals (pasta for Molly, beef for Liam and Bridey). Bridey’s eyelids drooped as she picked over her food; Molly knew she’d be out soon, but she didn’t push. Telling a 13-year-old that they looked tired had about the same success rate as telling a toddler the same thing.

Liam weakly smiled in thanks to Molly as she grabbed his tray to hand over to the flight attendant who came around for clean-up. Molly knew he’d be asleep soon, too. She was glad that her siblings would sleep well, but the idea of entertaining herself and staying awake with no help from Liam or Bridey after only an hour and a half was daunting.

Bridey’s eyes were closed not long before the cabin lights were dimmer, leaving the passengers in darkness, save for a few still-active screens. The younger girl curled on her right side, away from Molly, her small frame folding easily into the confines of the economy seat.

On Molly’s other side, Liam leaned his seat back, also turning slightly to his right, though not quite as coiled as Bridey. Both had the thin, yet somehow effective, airline blankets pulled over their laps.

Molly sighed softly. She turned the brightness of her screen down so as not to disturb her siblings. She finished the movie that she’d paused during dinner, then chose another. And then another.

It wasn’t even halfway through the flight by the time Molly finished the third movie, and her energy was rapidly diminishing. Aside from a few semi-conscious changes in position, Liam and Bridey hadn’t moved beside her.

…maybe just a nap, Molly thought. She hadn’t drunk very much; she didn’t even think she could pee right now if she tried. It was such a long flight. She’d just close her eyes for a bit and relax. Meditate.

Inhaling deeply, Molly pulled her own blanket around her body and leaned her head back.

Sleep overtook Molly like an avalanche. She didn’t meditate; she didn’t just close her eyes. She was out, fallen into the deepest stages of sleep almost immediately.

For several hours, the siblings slept in a row, blissfully unaware of their fairly uncomfortable surroundings. Bridey’s small frame and the innate knowledge that they were sitting with family and thus didn’t necessarily have to abide by the socially-inflicted invisible barriers between seats made sleep a bit more free. They each wriggled and turned, able to position themselves comfortably without fully waking.

Eventually, Molly turned on her right side, angling toward Bridey. She drew her knees up beside her, bending into a fetal position. Moments later, perhaps driven by the disturbance from Molly’s shift, Liam rocked sideways, his right hand flopping down onto his sister’s seat.

Minutes later, in those exact positions, Molly’s worst nightmare came true. Triggered by whatever terrible betrayal of the link between her mind and bladder had been plaguing her nights for the past few years, Molly slowly began to wet her pants. Urine tickled from between her legs, creating a small stream down the back of her right thigh. Before long, the hot liquid crept onto the faux-leather airline seats, creating a warm, irregular puddle.

As Molly’s bladder continued to empty, that puddle grew in size, inching toward Liam’s resting hand. In seconds, the fluid streamed between his fingers, enveloping the palm of his hand in wet heat.

Everyone who’s ever seen a movie about summer camp (or who has pulled the prank themselves) knows what happened. The warm liquid around Liam’s hand set off a primal signal in his brain, and he started to have an accident.

In an unexpected imitation of his sister, Liam released his bladder into his jeans, a lukewarm stain growing from his crotch. His legs were spread slightly, and urine leaked down the inside of his left leg, pooling slightly on the seat before being reabsorbed into his jeans.

For several seconds of overlap, the two elder Rogan siblings both wet themselves in their sleep. And while his sister urinated through her jeans, and his hand sat in her puddle, provoking the emptying of his own bladder, Liam dreamt.

He dreamt that he was sitting in his grandparents’ living room with them and his siblings. They were watching a movie, and everyone seemed relaxed. Liam was on the couch, sitting against the left arm. Molly was next to him, on the middle cushion, and Bridey was on the right.

In the dream, Liam realized that he had to go to the bathroom. But he didn’t move to get up. Something about the dream made him feel comfortable, and dream-Liam decided that there was nothing wrong with just going in his pants. It was OK, he thought. People did this. It happened. He was so comfy; there was no need to get up.

In real life, dozens of social and physical restrictions would have severely inhibited Liam’s ability to release his bladder while sitting on a couch, or prevented it outright. But this was a dream, and almost as soon as he made the decision, dream-Liam started to pee. He glanced down and saw darkness spreading across his lap. It felt good, relaxing – like the most natural thing in the world to be peeing into his pants on his grandparents’ couch.

But in the dream, Grandma Maeve noticed the stain on Liam’s lap. “Oh, honey,” she cried sympathetically, getting up from her chair. “What happened, sweetheart?”

Roused by Grandma’s words, everyone else in the room looked at Liam. No one laughed, or gasped, or otherwise gave any indication of surprise. They all just compassionate, full of pity for the poor 14-year-old who had wet his pants.

Dream-Liam no longer felt comfortable and natural. Now, he felt remorseful, stupid. Overcome with the tender reaction of his family, he started to cry.

The dream-crying startled Liam awake with a quiet gasp. He jerked slightly, pulling his hand from the small puddle on Molly’s seat before he had a chance to register it. A soft growl emanated from the back of his throat as he took in his unfamiliar surroundings. He still felt tired, so he wasn’t sure why he’d woken so suddenly. He twisted slightly in his seat…

And stopped abruptly. There was something wrong. His jeans were too heavy on his thighs, and they chafed.

Breathless, Liam gingerly reached his hand under his blanket, where, to his absolute horror, he was greeted with the feel of rapidly cooling drenched denim.

His breaths were shallow, on the edge of hyperventilation. He was still so tired, and he was on a crowded plane, and he’d somehow had an accident.

It was so different than the dream. He hadn’t made the decision to pee in his pants, and no one was watching him, pitying or otherwise, but Liam still started to cry. He tried to keep quiet, conscious of the hundreds of sleeping people around him, but he couldn’t stop the tears leaking from his eyes or the shuddery, uneven breaths rippling through his chest.

It was this sound that awakened Molly. She rolled onto her back, inadvertently sitting in and quickly soaking the remainder of her puddle into the seat of her pants. The relative warmth of the seat and her pants meant that she didn’t notice the additional wetness right away, but years of bedwetting had conditioned her to immediately check the state of her crotch upon waking.

Only this time, she wasn’t in a room by herself, and she hadn’t exactly woken naturally. Instead of her usual hesitant clutch between her legs to examine the fullness (or not) of her pullup, Molly kept her hands from her legs as she simultaneously analyzed several things at once.

First, she was still on the plane. Second, she had woken up, which meant that she had been asleep. And if she had been asleep…

In the same second that Molly’s hand started to creep toward her lap, she noticed what had apparently woken her: the muted sniffles coming from her left. Any consideration of her own potential wetness was overshadowed (though just barely) by concern for her brother, so Molly tuned toward Liam, albeit while clutching her blanket a bit tighter around her body.

“Lee?” she whispered. In the dim, purple nighttime lighting of the cabin, she could see her younger brother trembling, his arms drawn around his torso. Molly shifted slightly in her seat as she gazed at her brother and felt the unmistakable dampness pressing against the back of her legs. She cringed, horrified, but instantly pressed down her own feelings; her brother needed her. Her own problems would have to wait.

“Liam,” she repeated softly, a bit worried now. “Lee, what’s wrong?”

Liam still didn’t answer, though he whimpered audibly, tilting his right shoulder up toward his ear.

Molly was getting anxious. She gently reached out and placed her hand on her brother’s arm. “Buddy, what’s going on?”

Liam twitched and drew in a shaky breath. “I-“ he stammered, his voice cracking. “I w-“ He hunched over, hugging himself tighter. “I wet my pants!” he finally gasped in a whisper, squeaking on the last word.

Molly’s eyes widened in a way that would have been comical in another situation. She hadn’t had a lot of time to imagine exactly why Liam was upset since waking up, but this never would have crossed her mind.

Liam continued crying in Molly’s silence. “I don’t know what happened!” he moaned softly.

Molly’s thoughts raced. She had to help Liam – that much was obvious. There were still hours left in the flight; he’d have to change…she’d have to change, too. And if she’d have to change, and if she was really going to help Liam, then she’d have to get up, which meant…

“It’s OK, Lee,” Molly soothed, rubbing her brother’s shoulder while quivering internally.

Liam only sniffled in response, with no abatement in the tears streaming down his face.

“We’ll figure it out,” Molly promised, still keeping her voice low.

Liam whimpered in response. “But I’m all wet,” he murmured, his soft voice awash in humiliation.

Molly closed her eyes, steeling herself for her next words.

“So am I.”

Liam blinked, looking over at his sister. He wasn’t quite ready to understand her. “You…did I…?”

Molly shook her head. “I h-had an accident too, bud.”

Now it was Liam’s turn to widen his eyes. Molly tensed, ready for incredulity, at best, but Liam just said “Do you think there was something in dinner that made us sick?!”

Molly let out an unintentional sigh of relief. Liam didn’t know about her bedwetting; of course he wouldn’t think to blame her. He automatically assumed it was some strange coincidence, an unfortunate circumstance that befell them both.

“I don’t know,” Molly lied in response. “Maybe.”

The knowledge that he wasn’t alone seemed to take the slightest of edge off Liam’s misery, but wetting yourself in public at age 14 wasn’t an easy experience to overcome.

“What do we do now?” he asked, his voice still ragged from crying.

“We have to change,” Molly replied, hating the idea as much as she knew Liam would. “We can go to the bathrooms and clean ourselves up a bit, and I’ll get some wet paper towels to wipe down the seats.”

Even in the relative dark, Molly could see Liam’s face redden fiercely at the plan. “People will see,” he whispered, barely intelligible.

Molly squeezed his shoulder, trying to be reassuring, even though she was thinking the exact same thing. “Everyone’s sleeping,” she lied again. “I’ll get the clothes from the backpack, so you don’t have to get up until it’s time to go change.”

“OK,” Liam agreed softly, tears still glazing his eyes. He gazed at Molly, silently conveying his gratitude that she was falling on this metaphorical grenade.

Giving Liam one last comforting pat on the shoulder, Molly took a deep breath and pushed herself out of her seat. There was no point in delaying the inevitable. She carefully climbed over Bridey, who was still curled sideways in her seat.

Molly tried to be as quiet as possible as she reached up to open the overhead bin. The snap of the latch seemed unaccountably loud to Molly, and she felt her cheeks burning in humiliation. She knew anyone behind her would be able to see the big, obvious stain down the back of her jeans. She tried to be quick as she ruffled through her and Liam’s respective backpacks, pulling out the change of clothes they had each thankfully packed. It was only after she reached into her own backpack that she realized that a) she didn’t know how much of his outfit Liam needed – had his shirt gotten wet? And b) she didn’t know if he had packed underwear in his carry-on. Aware of every passing second with wet denim pressing against her lower half, Molly just grabbed the two knapsacks whole and pulled them down.

She gestured to Liam to get up, ready to pass his backpack to him as soon as he reached the aisle. Liam stood reluctantly, but stumbled in the narrow space, jarring Bridey as he caught himself on the back of her seat.

The two elder Rogan siblings cringed as Bridey whined into wakefulness. “Molls?” the youngest murmured, squinting.

Molly could see Liam’s face flush with new embarrassment, and she felt for him.

“It’s OK, Bridey,” Molly whispered. “Go back to sleep.”

But 13-year-olds aren’t known for their cooperative tendencies. “What’s going on?” Bridey slurred sleepily, not wanting to be left out.

“It’s nothing, sweetie, just go back to sleep,” Molly pleaded quietly, but it was too late – Bridey had already turned to look at Liam, who was still standing, awkwardly braced over her, where the wetness down the front of his jeans was glaringly obvious.

Now all three siblings were blushing furiously, both for themselves and with residual humiliation for each other. Bridey opened her mouth to ask for an explanation, then thought the better of it.

“It’s OK, Bridey,” Molly repeated, with even less conviction. “We’re fine.”

Bridey clearly didn’t believe her (neither did Liam, for that matter), but she drew her legs onto the seat so Liam could pass. He did, studiously avoiding eye contact, and grabbed his backpack from Molly, quickly holding it in front of his crotch for the 2 foot walk to the bathroom.

Molly watched unnecessarily to make sure Liam got into the restroom, then turned back to Bridey. “It’s fine, Bridey. I promise. Just go back to sleep, sweetie. We’ve still got a long way to go.”

Bridey nodded reluctantly, still red, but Moly knew that the younger girl would be unlikely to fall back asleep for a while, at least not until Molly had wiped down the seats and she and Liam had sat back down.

Knowing there was little else she could do to explain to Bridey why her two older siblings had both wet themselves, she turned into the other bathroom, pulling the small, folding door shut behind her.

In the harsh fluorescent light, Molly slumped against the wall. She finally glanced at her watch, trying to figure out exactly how long she’d been asleep. It’d been about 3 hours, at her count, meaning that they still had over 5 hours left in the flight. Molly supposed she was grateful that at least it wasn’t late enough for the cabin lights were on.

Molly didn’t allow herself to sulk for long – she still had to clean the seats, after all. She stripped off her soaked jeans and underwear, quickly running a paper towel under the faucet in an attempt to wipe some of the stickiness off her legs. Even after running over her legs with the cool towel, she felt gross and childish. She knew she didn’t have a chance of truly feeling better until she got home and showered.

As she changed, her thoughts drifted to Liam. As far as she knew, he’d never wet the bed before. And she knew it was highly unlikely that anything he ate would cause him to have an accident. And for both of them to wet themselves at practically the same time…

Molly drew in a wheezy breath of realization. She’d been on her side, and Liam had been next to her…what if his hand had been on her seat and her…?

For the first time, tears sprung in Molly’s eyes. She had no real evidence that Liam had wet himself because of her accident, but it all made too much sense to ignore. She felt terrible. It was bad enough peeing her pants in front of her siblings and a plane full of strangers, but to make Liam have an accident, too? The shame of it all was suffocating.

Again, Molly didn’t have time to waste feeling sorry for herself. She couldn’t imagine how she was going to face Liam, knowing what she knew now, but she had to go back out and clean the seats before he got back, so he didn’t have to stand, waiting.

Attempting to calm herself with a shuddery breath, Molly pulled up her clean pants and ran her hands under the cold trickle of water from the sink. She balled up her soiled clothes, doing her best to keep the wetness on the inside, and opened the bathroom door.

A quick glance showed her that Liam hadn’t returned to their row, so she grabbed a fistful of paper towels, dampened them in the sink, and went to wipe down their seats.

Bridey wasn’t bothering to pretend to be asleep and was sneaking questioning looks toward her sister. Molly futilely attempted a smile in return, before deciding it was best to just keep cleaning. Fortunately, there wasn’t much to do; the seats were the fake leather kind, so her mess and Liam’s had pretty much all been reabsorbed into their pants. Still, she wanted to make sure they weren’t sitting in any residual stickiness.

As if cleaning your own pee off an airplane seat wasn’t bad enough, Molly jumped slightly when a flight attendant appeared at her elbow.

“Is everything OK, miss?”

Molly bit the inside of her lip; she felt like every inch of her skin was flaming red with embarrassment. She once again glanced toward Liam’s bathroom to make sure he wasn’t coming out.

“I-I’m sorry,” Molly stammered softly. “My…my brother and I…we…we…had…there was an accident.”

The flight attendant simply nodded. You don’t fly hundreds of round trips without seeing a few wetting episodes here and there (albeit, usually from children younger than Molly seemed to be). “Are you both alright?” she asked.

Impossibly, Molly blushed even harder. “Yes,” she responded. “I just…thought you should know. In case…you had to change the seats.”

“We’ll make a note of it when we land, unless you’d like us to try to find you new seats now.”

Molly quickly shook her head, wanting nothing more than this interaction to be over. “No, thank you, we’ll be fine.”

The flight attendant nodded again, giving Molly a kindly pat on the arm before walking away.

Molly exhaled, relieved. She ignored Bridey’s plaintive stare, gathered the wet paper towels, and disposed of them in the bathroom. When she turned around, she saw the opposite door finally open.

Liam’s watery gaze met her own. She was sure he’d been crying the entire time, and her stomach twisted with guilt.

Liam had his wet pants clutched in a messy ball; his backpack was slung over his shoulder. “What do I do?” his hands jerked slightly, indicating the soiled pants.

Molly had left her own messy clothes on her seat with her backpack after she’d wiped off the pee, but thankfully, she’d thought of a plausible solution. “We can use the plastic wrapping from the blankets.”

Liam nodded, simultaneously grateful for Molly’s handling of the situation and ashamed that it was necessary. Haltingly, he stepped behind her as she reached past Bridey – still awake, but deliberately avoiding eye contact – to grab the plastic wrapping they’d stuffed in the seatback pockets.

The siblings stood next to each other, carefully, abashedly wrapped their pee-stained clothes in thin, industrial plastic before shoving the incriminating evidence into their bags. Beneath her shame, Molly noticed just how tall Liam had gotten over the summer. He was nearly taller than her now, a fact that renewed the lump in her throat. Her brother was growing into a man, and she’d made him pee himself.

Molly suppressed a sob as she took Liam’s backpack from him and returned it to the overhead bin, then followed him back over Bridey to their seats.

It felt like ages, but it had really only been about 15 minutes since Molly woke up. There were still over five hours left until they landed, and far more until they got through customs and were able to get back home.

Beside her, Liam was still trembling and sniffing. He felt the same as Molly – that he was gross and childish and unclean. Heart sinking, Molly put her arm around her brother.

“Th-thanks, Molls,” Liam whispered. “Thanks for taking care of everything.”

Molly’s stomach was in knots; she didn’t know that she would ever get over what she’d done to Liam. “It’s OK, Lee,” she promised. “Just try to go back to sleep, bud. We’ll be home soon.”

*004*2016-12-15 01:55

{{On 12/12/2016 at 1:09 AM, Bellatrixfan said:

That was a Awsome story =)

}}

{{On 12/12/2016 at 6:15 AM, bazinga said:

This was adorable!

}}

{{On 12/12/2016 at 10:59 AM, RebelRebel said:

That was so good!

}}

Thank you all so much! I really appreciate your comments - such a nice bit of joy during finals week :)

*007*2016-12-20 04:00

{{On 12/16/2016 at 7:04 AM, satyr said:

I wonder why she didn't just put on a pull-up for the ride? And the sadist in me wanted the younger sibling to wet, too.

But I'm a sucker for stories where siblings look after each other, so I really liked this one.

}}

Wow, is it bad that I literally never considered that? In retrospect, I'm going to say that she was too worried about the sound/potential for her siblings to see. I also thought about having Bridey wet, but couldn't think of a plausible way to pull it off in a one-shot. Glad you liked it! You're such an incredible writer/world-creator, so your feedback is incredibly flattering!

