The Christmas Party

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2011-12-31 11:20

Ok, this is a multi-part story. I am using characters in this fic that I will be using the majority of the time in my upcoming fics. I have already introduced three characters (Shannon, Georgia and Dylan) in my story 'Georgia's Wet Morning'. Without further ado, let's get this party started!

Chapter 1: Contains desperation and a sort of wetting.

The six girls all arrived as soon as the school hall opened for the Christmas Party. Every year, the local Secondary School holds a Christmas Party during the holidays. Three quarters of the whole school turn up for this party every year. Mainly because there are no parties around that time, all the parties are held on New Years Eve.

The girls who arrived were: Georgia, Shannon, Tonicha, Tilly, Becca and Chloe. Georgia had long beautiful blonde hair, brown eyes and perfectly formed teeth. She was the average weight of a 14 year old and had skinny and slender legs. Shannon was the same weight and size as Georgia. She had tanned brown hair that turned ginger during the summer and quite large breasts. Tonicha was quite petit and very skinny. She wasn't anorexic though, even though her body looked as if she was.

She and Shannon shared the same green eyes, but not hair as Tonicha had long blonde hair. Tilly had long brunette hair and was much bigger and taller than the other girls. She was certainly not overweight or fat, just a tiny bit plump. She had a small amount of freckles that dotted her face. Becca had brown eyes and dark blonde hair. She was the second tallest out of the friends, but had the smallest breasts. Chloe had the same coloured hair as Becca. She was taller than Tonicha, although a very similar size and had fairly big breasts (but not as big as Shannon's or Tilly's.)

That night, the girls were going to sleep at Chloe's house after the party and had all their sleeping bags dropped off at Chloe's house before hand. Tonicha lived right next to Chloe, so Chloe's mum took them both to the party.

"Finally, they've opened the doors," Shannon sighed in relief, "I'm freezing out here!"

"We all are Shannon," Tilly said back, wrapped around in her arms, trying to keep herself warm in the harsh winter weather. She was dressed in purple dress and pantyhose.

A gust of wind blew Chloe's black dress up as the girls walked together into the school hall, nearly exposing her vanilla knickers to the crowd of students that were gathering outside the school.

"That was close" Chloe said, clearly embarrassed that it was her whose dress was blown up. All of the girls had high heels, all different colours.

"I would have been embarrassed if that happened to me," Georgia whispered to Becca. Georgia was wearing an orange dress and a black jacket. She was wearing pantyhose, which she usually wore to parties. Becca was wearing a red dress and pantyhose.

"I certainly would too. I don't want all the pervy boys to see my panties. I would never hear the end of it."

"It's lucky she managed to stop it from blowing up."

"Yeah, she was too close to showing too much!"

Once the girls were in the hall, they all crowded around the buffet table, taking small crisps and cups of coke or lemonade.

"They've certainly got a lot of refreshments this year," Tonicha said to Shannon, munching on a mouthful of salt and vinegar crisps.

"I know. I remember last year, they ran out within the first ten minutes and they had to get some more!"

Shannon was wearing a black, flowery dress and Tonicha was wearing a white one.

"I was starving!"

The girls went back to the table to get some more soft drinks. However, Tilly and Tonicha kept coming back whenever their cup was empty.

"There goes Dylan and his crazy mates," Chloe muttered as Dylan and his gang slided into the centre of the hall and started doing incredibly silly dances to the songs the DJ (or school favourite English teacher, Mr McDonald) was playing.

"There idiots," Georgia said, shaking her head in disgust.

"I think it's funny," Shannon replied.

"You think that's funny? It's immature. I'm starting to think you might fancy him Shannon."

"What? Me? Fancy him?" Shannon said quickly, "I would never fancy Dylan. I just think it's funny what he does!"

"Whatever you say Shannon," Georgia said sarcastically, rolling her eyes to show even more sarcasm.

Tilly and Tonicha kept taking cups of coke and lemonade, but soon, they began to feel the effect that this would have.

"Me and Tilly need a wee. We'll be back in a few minutes," Tonicha announced to her friends as the two desperate girls dashed out the hall into the girls toilets. But the girls were then greeted with a long line of girls, waiting for the loo. Tilly and Tonicha both went into separate lines and waited.

Tilly's line was moving the fastest. Despite this however, Tilly was getting even more desperate by the minute. She kept crossing and uncrossing her legs, twisting herself in agony to stop herself from having an accident.

"Oh god. I really shouldn't have had all those cokes. I knew this would happen."

Tilly groaned in agony. The bathroom was filled with the sound of urine hitting toilet water and water from the taps rushing down into the sink and down the drain. These sounds made Tilly all the more desperate. She bent over and crossed her legs, hand in crotch.

Tilly was getting so desperate, she hadn't noticed the girl infront of her. She was squeezing her crotch to the point of pain and yellow streams were running down her legs. Tilly tried not to look, but she couldn't resist. All of a sudden, she felt a small warm sensation down by her vagina.

"Aaah," Tilly screamed quietly. She started bobbing up and down with her legs crossed and her hands gripping tightly to her crotch. She hadn't realised how fast the line was moving and she had to quickly sprint to catch up with the rest of the line.

"Yes! Only two people left. Come on, I can make it!"

Tilly thought she must've looked silly, but she didn't care. She tried to block the sounds of the taps and the girls peeing. She was twirling around and jumping up and down, squeezing her crotch with all her strength.

One girl exited and it was time for the last girl. The one who Tilly had seen on the verge of an accident.

"Yes," the girl ran into the stool and locked the door. Tilly saw a pair of damp white panties slip down the girls legs and onto the bathroom floor.

Tilly was dancing around. A spurt dribbled into her panties.

"Come on! I&'m so close! I can make it!"

Tilly heard a flush and the door opened.

"Than-you God!" Tilly sped into the cubicle and locked the door. She sat down on the toilet, lifted up her dress and pulled down her pantyhose to inspect the damage.

"Only a small wet patch. It won't do any harm."

Tilly realised her need again and pulled her panties down and started peeing. It was fierce at first. It splashed on the toilet bowl and some of it flew and landed on her legs. At first, it burned Tilly, but later on, it became calmer, and she synchronised with the stream.

"Hey, are you done yet? I really have to pee," a voice shouted.

Tilly quickly finished and then flushed. She opened the door to a desperate looking girl in a black dress.

"Finally," she said and then she went into the cubicle and locked the door. Tilly washed her hands and went to see if Tonicha had gone yet, but she didn't see Tonicha in any of the lines, so she assumed she had already gone.

The line Tonicha was in was not moving at all.

"Hurry up," she groaned.

She twisted her legs together tightly.

"What's taking so long?" Tonicha asked the girl infront of her.

"I don't know, although I've heard people say a girl wet herself, and she's trying to clean up in the cubicle she was in."

The thought of someone having an accident made Tonicha even more desperate. She started shaking and jumping, hoping not to succumb to the desperation.

About five minutes passed and the line hadn't moved at all.

Tonicha wanted to bend over, as she knew this could help one hold on for longer, but she didn't want to expose her black and flowery panties (the same design as Shannon's dress) to the girl behind her.

"Oooh, come on!"

Tonicha squeezed her crotch to the point of agony. She couldn't hold it for much longer and she knew the line wasn't going to progress at all. She had to find a way to relieve her bladder!

Then she had an idea.

She ran out of the toilets and into a corridor. She kept running until she found the caretakers cupboard. She quickly opened it, starting to feel a warm sensation in her panties.

"I've..... got.... to hold..... on," Tonicha muttered. She grabbed the cleaning bucket that was in the cupboard and placed it in the hallway. She was about to lift up her dress to pee in the bucket when she felt more pee coming. She gripped her crotch and started dancing around in desperation.

"I can hold any longer."

She let go of her crotch and lifted up her dress. She quickly squatted over the bucket and then managed to pull her panties down when the pee shot out of her urethra.

It was spraying everywhere.

Tonicha bent down even further, her bum facing towards the ceiling. She closed her eyes as the pee flew left right and centre.

After a few minutes, she opened her eyes, but to her horror, the pee went into her panties (even though they were pulled down, she hadn't pulled them down far enough.)

"What am I going to do?"

She couldn't wear them as it would leave a spot on her white dress, and it would be uncomfortable. She looked into the bucket and pondered what she should do.

"Well, I definitely can' wear them."

Tonicha pulled her sodden panties further down her legs until the slid off.

She was standing in the middle of a corridor, with wet panties and her private parts on show.

She paced up and down, forgetting to pull her dress back down. She remembered to do so after she felt her bum when she was pacing. She blushed red and pulled her dress back down.

"Well, my best bet is to hide my knickers in the caretakers cupboard. But what if a gust of wind blows my dress up? Everyone will see my private parts. It's a risk I have to take."

Tonicha put her panties in the cupboard and then put the bucket on top of it. She closed the cupboard and ran down the corridor and back into the hall.

Part 2 coming soon....

*003*2012-01-01 11:24

I'll try not to rush the next part then.

{{: 

Constructive criticism? Felt rushed, honestly.

}}

*005*2012-01-01 17:19

Ok, I'm probably going to update either tomorrow or one of the following days, so keep your eyes out for the next part!

*006*2012-01-04 20:49

So, here it is.

Chapter 2: Contains wetting and a flashback. NOTE: All flashbacks will start with a * around them and with a * (e.g *Bob went home*) this is because I understand some peop

Tonicha waited outside the girls bathroom. She was completely hushed and was reluctant to talk of her little 'incident'. Tonicha didn't have to wait for very long for Tilly and she walked out of the toilets with a spring in her step.

"Come on, let's get back to the party," Tilly urged Tonicha.

The girls were silent when they were walking back. They had each had a little incident and neither wanted the other to know anything of it.

A bright spotlight shone, almost blinding the two girls when they entered the hall. The room was decorated beautifully with tinsel spread across the walls and bright christmas lights on the ceiling. There were also coloured spotlights, which varied to nearly all the light softer colours, to the dark mysterious ones. Many boys came wearing Santa hats, but the girls were either too shy, or thought it was immature. The DJ was playing 'Fairy Tale of New York' when the girls entered. Many people were in the centre of the hall dancing their hearts out, some clearly better than others. Tilly was astounded by a Year 8 lad who was head spinning at quiet a fast speed.

"Look at that dude," Tilly said loudly, trying to get her voice heard over the loud music. Tonicha looked and was in awe at the pure talent that this young man had.

"He's amazing," Tonicha shouted over the music, but then instantly went straight back to being silent.

"Are you ok? Your being very quiet."

"Um, yeah, I'm fine," Tonicha muttered.

"There must be something wrong with her. Maybe it was something to do with needing the loo? She seemed pretty desperate earlier. Then again, so was I," Tilly thought to herself.

The girls found the rest of their friends and rejoined them. They were just on the outside of the dance floor, drinks in hand.

"We're back," Tilly announced to the girls.

"We can see," Becca said.

Tilly opened her mouth but couldn't think of anything to say. She felt like she had just been owned (authors note: don't kill me for saying this, I don't think there is any other word I can say to describe these feelings. Anyway, back to the story.)

Tonicha went over to Chloe. She skulked there for a little bit until Chloe asked her what was wrong.

"Nothing, nothings wrong. I'm fine."

"Ok, your very quiet. I hope your not sick or anything."

"No, I'm not sick."

"Well, what is it then? I'm really worried."

Tonicha sighed.

"Promise not to tell anyone?" Tonicha whispered.

"I promise."

"Well," Tonicha said reluctantly. "We were waiting in line for the loo, but the line wasn't moving at all. I was so desperate and felt like I was going to wet myself. But then I had an idea. I went to the caretaker's cupboard and took a bucket and peed in there."

"What's so bad about that? I've had to pee in worse places than that.

"That's not the bad part. I hadn't pulled my knickers down far enough and I had peed right through them. I've had to take them off and hide them and it's really lowered my self-esteem."

The two girls were silent, then Chloe finally said "Can you show me?"

"What?"

"I said can you show me. You know, where you had your wee."

"Erm," Tonicha was stuck for words. "Ok the, but why?"

"I may be able to help you."

"Well, I don't know how your going to help me, but ok."

Tonicha escorted Chloe out of the hall and into the corridor. The girls then continued down until they came to the caretakers cupboard. Tonicha opened the door and showed Chloe the bucket.

"This is the bucket I went in."

Chloe examined the bucket. It wasn't overflowing or anything big, but it was certainly more than the average amount of urine a 14 year old girl would generally pee.

"Can I see your knickers? I want to see how wet they are."

Tonicha reached back into the cupboard and reluctantly took out her soggy panties.

They felt disgusting.

"Here they are," Tonicha said.

"Hmmm, you going to have to leave them in their for some time. They're pretty damp."

"Oh, ok." Tonicha said. She was embarrassed for two reasons. One being that she had just shown her panties and her own body waste to one of her best friends, and two was that she had realised that she had peed quiet a lot and her friend couldn't help her. She didn't know how it could be embarrassing, but it was, so she just left it at that.

"Can we go back to the hall now?" Tonicha said in a quiet, hushed voice.

"Yeah, let's."

"I think there's something wrong with Tonicha," Tilly whispered to Shannon.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, she's been really silent ever since we went to the loo."

"Maybe she's sick?"

"That's what I thought, but she denied it. I'm thinking she had an accident."

"What, you mean like, she wet herself?"

"Yeah."

"I'll ask her."

"Don't bother, she'll just deny it."

The girls didn't bring up the subject again. Shannon took a cup of Dr. Pepper and went over to the dance floor. The disco lights were swirling around the hall, causing the tinsel to glisten when a light made contact with it. Shannon decided she should get in a festive mood and started dancing. It wasn't crazy dancing, just moving around and shaking her hips.

Dylan charged through the crowd faster then an eagle attacking its prey. Shannon was wondering what the hell he was doing, but she was incredibly surprised when he came over to her.

"Dylan, what are you doing here?" Shannon said shyly.

"Came to see you."

Shannon blushed.

"Wanna dance?" Dylan asked.

"Erm, ok."

The DJ changed to a slow romantic song. Shannon didn't recognise it, but she liked it. Dylan took her hand and they started to do something that was like a Waltz. but more slow and steady.

"I knew she liked him!" Georgia said, knowing she had been right all along.

"So?" Chloe said. "A lot of girls don't even tell their best friends who they fancy."

"Grrr, I knew it!"

"Yes, we know you knew. You've been going on about it for quiet a long time now," Becca added. She then went over to the drinks table, realising she had run out of lemonade.

Shannon was still dancing with Dylan. She felt a tingling sensation. She couldn't describe it, but she knew it was good. She had never felt that emotion before, but she was enjoying it.

"I need to go now," Dylan whispered as the song ended.

"Why?" questioned Shannon, disappointed that he was leaving.

"You'll find out. Soon," and with that, he left her in the middle of the hall. She felt sadness, but it was overcast by that tingling feeling. She never wanted it to end. That's when she started to feel another tingling feeling. This time, in her bladder. She suddenly remembered that she had drank lots tonight, and she hadn't gone to the toilet when she left her house.

Flashback: *"Come on Shannon, you'll be late!" her mum called from downstairs. Shannon quickly saved her homework and shut down her computer. She grabbed all the stuff for the sleepover and put it in a pink plastic shopping bag.

"Have you checked you've got everything?"

"No mum."

Shannon opened the bag and took all the stuff out.

"Shirt: check. Skirt: check. Panties: check. Bra: check. Pyjamas: check. Dressing gown: check. Toothbrush: check." (I'm gonna skip the rest of this, too long.) Shannon then put all the stuff back in the bag and headed downstairs, quickly checking her appearance in a mirror on the way down. Shannon then felt a twitch in her bladder.

"I might as well go now. Better safe than sorry."

Shannon was about to head into the bathroom when her mum called her.

"Where are you going? We need to go otherwise we'll be late!"

"Oh well, I can hold on. I'll go when I'm at the party."

Shannon grabbed her stuff and headed into her mum's black Volkswagen. She soon forgot about her bladder and was on her way to Chloe's house, and then to the party.*

"Oooh, I need to go pretty bad," Shannon thought to herself. She started rubbing her legs together. "I'll have to be quick, I don't think I can hold on!"

"Damn, they've run out of lemonade!" Becca though to herself. "'ll have to go to the vending machines in the cafeteria and get a bottle of lemonade. Although I don't really want to go there on my own." She then saw Shannon heading towards the door.

"Shannon, do you want to come to the venders with me? I need some lemonade."

"Erm, ok. So long as we can pop to the loo on the way. I really need to go."

"Ok then."

The girls then left, with Shannon still rubbing her legs together.

Her desperation was building up.

She was really starting to feel the effects that all those soft drink would have on her bladder.

"I really have to go. Why can't Becca hurry up? She's walking so slow."

Shannon started bobbing up and down, her breasts jiggling as she did.

Suddenly, Becca did the unthinkable.

She walked straight past the bathroom.

"Um, Becca, why did you go past the loo?"

"Oh, sorry I forgot. Can you hold it?"

"I hope so," Shannon said, her desperation increasing. She could feel more urine pouring into her bladder every second. She felt a tiny dribble of pee drip into her pink panties.

"Oh god, please, I've got to hold on!"

She grabbed her crotch and squeezed. Part of her dress had folded underneath her panties, so if she peed, it would go through that part of her dress and leave a wet patch. She felt another drop trickle into her panties and down her leg.

"Hurry up Becca!" Shannon moaned. She was pressing even harder on her crotch, causing her breasts to push onto her stomach.

The cafeteria was a very big, open room with twenty tables around the perimeter of the room. There were glass doors that lead outside and into a courtyard. From there, you could go into each year's social area and then over to the school playing field. In the cafeteria, there are three vending machines at one end of the room, and the kitchen at the other end. Every year, the hot food prices would go up. 'because of the economy,' the head chef would say. 'It's not my fault, but we've got to make a profit.'

"I'm trying!"

The vending machine wasn't accepting her £1 coin. "Stupid machine!"

Shannon felt some more pee exit her uretra. She responded by pushing even harder. Despite this however, more pee was spurting into her panties.

"Becca, please! I can't hold much longer!" Shannon crossed her legs and bent over, exposing her slightly damp pink panties. She was still shaking and bobbing, but no matter what she did, her bladder kept overcoming her.

"I...... can't hold..... on for much..... lo-longer."

"Yes!" Becca shouted in relief. "It's finally accepted my coin!"

"Quickly..... choose, I don't think I'm gonna.....make it."

Becca chose a bottle of Sprite lemonade and shortly after, received it.

"Come.... on."

But as soon as Shannon tried to walk, more pee exited her uretra.

"Oh god.... it's coming!"

She couldn't hold on.

The pee started flowing into her panties and leaking through them into the dress and onto the green carpeted floor. A wet patch on Shannon's black flowery dress started to appear, expanding as more pee came out. Some of the pee was streaming down her legs and into her black high heels.

"I-I'm so sorry Shannon," Becca said in shock, as her friend stood in front of her peeing herself.

Part 3 coming soon. May contain more description of the wetting, but otherwise, just plot.

*008*2012-01-05 16:42

Thanks for the support. Despite English being my strongest subject, I sometimes get tenses mixed up. Thank you for pointing that out.

*011*2012-01-16 14:39

Sorry I haven't updated in a while, but I'm very ill at the moment and unable to write, but once I'm better, I'll get right back to writing. Thank you for your patience

*012*2012-01-23 22:13

Sorry for the hiatus. I am feeling much better and am ready to write. Oh and you know how I said that the next chapter is just detail? I lied....

Chapter 3: Contains wetting

Golden rivulets of urine continued to pour down Shannon's slender legs. She maintained a tight grip, even when a full stream finally appeared.

"Oh god," Shannon whimpered.

The pee kept dripping and splashing on the carpeted floor, making a damp, dark stain.

Becca maintained a glare. She couldn't do anything to help her embarrassed friend. She could only watch. It made her feel depressed, that she had, in a way, caused this incident.

Even after Shannon stopped peeing, Becca was still incredibly apologetic, constantly apologising, but all Shannon did was shrug it off, even though she was flushed red, and tearful.

"I don't want anyone to see me like this."

"Well, your dress is dark, so the wet patch will blend in with the dress, but I don't know how your going to stop the drips."

Despite Shannon finishing peeing, her pink panties were still dripping with urine.

"Wait, I've got an idea!" Shannon finally announced after a brief silence.

"What is it?"

"Follow me."

The two girls went to a loo that was on the downstairs floor of the school. They did this because they knew that nobody would be occupying the toilets. While they were in there, Shannon went into a toilet and emptied the remaining contents of her bladder. After that, she told Becca to wait outside for her, as her idea required privacy.

Shannon took a paper towel before looking at herself in the mirror.

"Am I really about to do this?" She asked herelf. "Well, I suppose it's the best option."

She lifted up her flowery dress and then reached into her damp pink panties. She then took the paper towel and put it inside her knickers, near her urethra, her pubic hair and her tampon string tickling her hand.

"I hope this works."

Shannon took her hand out if her panties. A tiny globule of urine dripped onto her hand. She wiped it on a paper towel and exited the toilets.

"Becca and Shannon have been gone for a long time, what are they doing?" Georgia said to Tilly.

"I thought they just went to get a drink, I didn't know they would be this long."

Just as she said that, the two teenage girls walked into the hall.

"What took you two so long?" Tilly asked them.

"Oh, um, the machine wasn't accepting my coin, and it took ages before it did, and then we popped to the loo on they way back." Becca replied. It was a bit of a white lie, but it was for the best.

"Oh, ok."

Becca and Shannon exchanged winks before separating.

Becca stood at the buffet table with Tonicha and Chloe. The other girls were dancing to a rave song. Becca was sipping on her Sprite. She was about three quarters of the way through when her bladder started to ache a little bit. She ignored it and carried on drinking and talking to the girls.

"I want everyone on the dancefloor and grab a partner!"

Becca went onto the dancefloor, but was immediately lost in a mass of students, grabbing one another, usually of the opposite sex. Becca didn't know what to do. There wasn't anyone to dance with, until a boy who she had never seen ran up to her and took her arm. Becca didn't know who he was, but he looked about 14, which ment she was the same age as him and most likely in her year. She thought he was the most beautiful boy she had ever seen. His curly brown hair went down to the bottom of his forehead and to the bottom of his neck. He was wearing a T-Shirt that said 'Nirvana', one of Becca' favourite bands.

"H-hi," Becca said nervously. She really liked this boy, even though she had only just met him.

"Hi," the boy said. "What's your name?" He asked.

"My-my name is Be-Becca." She stammered.

"Mine's Josh. You're looking very pretty tonight."

Becca blushed. Did this boy like him?

"Thank-you! I see you like Nirvana."

"Yeah, I love them. Why, do you not like them?"

"No, I love them!" Becca managed to break her stammer of nervous. "I love rock."

"Good," Josh said with a smile. "So do I."

The DJ played a dance song and ordered everyone to link there arms around their partner and dance. Becca looked around and saw Chloe dancing with Tonicha and Tilly dancing with Georgia. What shocked her though was Shannon and Dylan.

"I bet she likes him!" Becca thought to herself.

Josh was now spinning Becca around, her hair flying in the air. She would look into Josh's dark brown eyes and realise how beautiful someone can be. Becca hadn't had a boyfriend since last year, but he moved to another city.

While the two were dancing, Becca started to feel the urge to pee again. She tried to shrug it off, but the urge kept coming back.

"I can't go. Not yet!"

The pressure on her bladder was increasing as she was dancing.

"I'm gonna have to hold it until I've finished dancing. This is more important to me at the moment."

Becca was really starting to feel the effects of five cups of lemonade and a bottle of sprite. She cursed herself for not going to the toilet when Shannon went earlier.

"What's wrong?" Josh asked. He noticed that Becca was looking uncomfortable.

"What? Nothing's wrong!" Becca replied. She really didn't want him to know of her bodily needs. Soon after, a tiny droplet of urine dribbled down her black pantyhose.

"Aah, I really hope he finishes dancing now! This is now more important then the boy."

A few more spurts went into her red and white striped panties, dampening them slightly. She let go of Josh and grabbed her crotch.

"Are you alright?"

"Um, yeah, I'm fine!" Becca said quickly, crossing her legs in the process. More dribbles of pee starting running down her legs.

"You don't look so good."

"Well, I really need the bathroom, I feel like I'm gonna have an accident right here!"

"We need to be quick then if you're gonna go!"

Josh grabbed Becca and sprinted out of the hall. One of Becca's hands was holding Josh's, the other was squeezed tightly into her crotch. More dribbles exited her urethra and soaked into her panties.

"I don't think I can hold on for much longer!" She groaned.

"I'm running as fast as I can," Josh said, trying to comfort her, but he was purposely going slower so he could watch this stunning girl wet herself.

More dribbles kept running down her leg, some of them soaking into her pantyhose.

"No, I c-can't ho-hold much lo-longer."

"You'll make it!"

"Aah, it's coming!"

Becca got down on her knees, but not before she started peeing a full stream, which went straight through her red and white panties and her pantyhose. The golden liquid soaked through her hands and onto the floor, leaving a massive puddle, which Becca was sitting in.

Sorry if this chapter seemed rushed, I just wanted to get back onto the story after the hiatus.

Chapter 4 coming soon.

*014*2012-01-25 16:31

{{: 

'Becca maintained a glare. She couldn't do anything to help her embarrassed friend. She could only watch. It made her feel depressed, that she had, in a way, caused this incident.

Even after Shannon stopped peeing, Becca was still incredibly apologetic, constantly apologising, but all Shannon did was shrug it off, even though she was flushed red, and tearful.'

Glaring and apologetic?

}}

Um...

*016*2012-01-28 08:21

Ok, thanks. I usually revise my writing, but considering this is a fetish board, I don't really like saving files like this on my computer. And i only out the rushed part because I've noticed that some people think some of my stuff is rushed and other's don't. I will start revising from now on. Thanks for the tip!

EDIT: I understand that I have taken a rather long break, so some people may be wanting for me to get back writing.

*018*2012-02-28 22:18

I totally forgot all about this fic :(. Nearly finished chapter. Expect sometime this week.

*019*2012-03-10 23:01

Ok, so this has been on my mind a lot. I am going to take a hiatus from writing this. I want to write other fics including these girls. I don't know when I will continue writing this fic, but...

