Yuno And Faust

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2010-09-15 14:07

Yuno smiled lightly, as she continued sipping the milkshake, waiting in the cafe for him. Five more minutes...

He was to be here in five more minutes.

She'd be ready for him..

Her bag at her side, normally filled with knives and such, was now looking as if it was lacking in the amount of space.

She only needed a few things today, as she was planning on getting him home with her.

She looked at her cell phone, notiing the minutes counting down.

Four minutes.......three minutes.....two minutes.......one minute........It was eight.

She looked up, trying to find him.

He hadn't been here. She started typing in her phone, copying the phrase as she sent the message to him.

Once, twice, four times over. Five, six, eight, all of which said 'where are you?' She couldn't risk him not noticing, so she'd have to keep sending the message.

Thirteen responses later, she heard 'Huh? Hello Yuno?' coming from her phone as she gasped.

She quickly flicked through her messages to look at the new one.

'I'll be there in a minute I had to pick something up for you.'

She gasped, flushing a bit as she pressed back a reply, starting to dance a bit in her seat as she smiled.

She quickly danced over to get another shake, before prancing back merrily to her seat and waiting. She sipped down her milkshake, smiling as she waiting, dancing about merrily in her seat.

A few minutes later, she bounced out of her seat as a familiar figure started into the room, grabbing something small from her bag.

After which, she darted towards the figure, glomping onto the figure.

"FaustFaustFaustFaustFaust!!" she squealed as she held onto the figure, bouncing around and hanging on him.

"Yeah, yeah.." he called, "Sorry to keep you waiting Yuno. I had to pick this up for y..."

Faust suddenly paused, before falling down in her arms, a small cloth having been pressed to his mouth, and knocking him out.

"Yay!" Yuno called lightly, as she held the unconcious figure up, hearing something falling to the ground behind Faust. She picked up the object, a small wrapped item, before taking it over to her bag and putting the cloth and the package into it.

"Oh, poor Faust.." she called, as she lifted the boy up. "Don't worry, I'll be sure to take you home Fauu~st." she called as she lifted the figure up, carrying him like a husband would a wife.

She paused a bit as she suddenly felt a small twinge in her bladder.

Apparerntly, her milkshakes were starting to get her. She'd get to the restroom, but at the moment, she had something more important to deal with.

Starting home, she carried the unconcious figure, as she started to her house, feeling the milkshakes slowly going through her.

But she had her love! It was fine with her.

After several more minutes, (including having to re-apply some more chloroform to a semi-concious Faust to subdue him) she arrived at her house, opening the door.

"Mom, Dad, I'm Home." She called, starting downstairs with no response from either of them.

She took him into the basement, a chair sitting out in the middle of the dim room, as she positioned him to sit up in the chair.

"Yuno finally managed to bring Faust-kun home with her." She called to herself, as she smiled. However, despite this little victory, Yuno was reminded of a very pressing urge, as she locked her legs together tightly.

"Auu...Yuno needs to go to the bathroom.." she cooed to herself as she started to head back up the stairs, before pausing. If she went upstairs, Faust could wake up before she could secure him. If she stayed downstairs though, she might have an accident. Considering her options for a moment, she moved over to Faust in the chair, and pulled out some rope, first tying his hands to the chair as she stood over him, fidgeting as she did.

Her legs kept dancing about as she finished tying the first arm, moving over to the second as she started to cross and uncross her legs. Yuno was starting to feel very full at this point.

She thought for a bit as she finished the knot, wondering.

She could head upstairs, since his arms were bound, or she could tie his legs first, and ensure he didn't move.

Shoving a hand under her skirt as she danced for a bit, she moved over to Faust again, preparing another section of Rope as she squatted down, wrapping it around with one hand as she held herself with the other.

Squirming even more, she continued to fidget with the rope, before figuring that she needed both hands to manipulate the rope. Squeezing her legs together as tightly as she could, she hastily tied his leg to the chair before shoving both of her hands under her skirt again.

"Yuno can't hold it much longer..." she mused to herself, as her legs bounced up with her as she danced in place.

"Yuno will take her chances, before she pees her panties." She called as she clenched herself tightly, turning to head up the stairs.

However, as she did, a light groaning could be heard, as Faust's head moved.

"Ahh....what happened?" Faust called groggily, as Yuno gasped a bit to herself.

Faust couldn't have picked a worse time for Yuno to wake up. A small spurt sprayed into her white panties, warming them ever so slightly as she turned back, forcing back the flow as she moved her hands out of her skirt, yet still applying pressure.

"Good Morning Fauuuust~" she cooed, beaming lightly. "It's so nice of you to join Yuno in her home."

Faust paused,

"Th..this is your home?" He called, as he went to stand up, before realzing he couldn't. Was that rope?

However, before he could argue, Yuno had moved up to him, smiling a devilish smile as she slipped off her skirt, both relieving a bit of pressure on her bladder and allowing her love to see her pure white panties.

"Yuno hopes Faust enjoys his stay here." she called, pushing into his leg as she did to help herself hold on. Faust paused, flushing as the girl moved closer to him, pressing herself up closer to him as she kissed him, forcefully.

Faust felt the girl's tounge enter his, as he was unable to resist her, his hands being restrained.

Her legs seemed to wrap around his own, as if she was intending on hanging on by them.

Yuno, on the other hand, could feel her insides sloshing about, as she clenched around Faust's leg. On one hand, she was now french kissing her love, and was very ecstatic.

On the other hand, Yuno was approaching her limit, and could feel the pressure building up.

She eventually removed her lips from Faust's, as she leaned up a bit from him.

"Now, Can Faust be a good boy while Yuno goes upstairs for a bit?" She called, her legs twitching around Faust's as she started sliding off of his leg.

"Ah, Yuno.." Faust started as he raised his leg, lifting Yuno up as her leg went to touch down on the ground.

Naturally, with such a reaction, Yuno's bladder took advantage of her slightly spread legs, splurting out another bit of the warm fluid into her panties, before she wrapped her legs around Faust's again.

"Auuuu, Yuno can't hold it any more.." She called, reaching to hold her womanhood as she squirned on Faust's leg, before noticing a sort of flush about her love.

"Does...Faust like seeing Yuno like this?" Yuno called, eyeing her prisoner as he had an aside glance, flushing deeply.

"K-kinda..." Faust called, as the pink haired girl climbed up higher on Faust, her legs now on his thighs.

"Yuno will do anything for her love." she called, as she spread her legs, showing off her once pure white panties, lightly stained by her spurt much more clearly, as she flushed.

A few moments later, her panties darkened as she let her now spasming bladder empty itself over Faust, a small torrent coming from her panties.

The liquid gushed out of her, splattering on top of Faust's crotch, warming it as the pink haired Yandere shivered while on him.

"Yuno will keep Faust here, for a long, long while." She cooed, as she leaned in to kiss him again, flushing at the feeling of warmth from her womanhood.

"And Faust will be here with Yuno..." Faust called, flushing deeply as he felt the girl's fluids soaking into his outfit, entranced and aroused.

"Now Yuno gets to have something she wants.." Yuno called, as her torrent subsided, the girl pressing her area against a very specific part of her love.

And as such, Faust wasn't heard from again, for a long while.

*002*2010-09-17 02:58

^^

Faust is glad that modsnipe enjoyed it. ^^

Faust assures you, he's perfectly sane. Though if Yuno was to take Faust away, then Faust would just go with her.

^^

Thank you again for providing a response, Faust thought his writings weren't welcome here.

Or that they were ignored.

;-;

