Llila and Alexxx

Author: Alexxx

*000*2011-03-03 05:02

"Ohhh..." Llila moaned softly. She stood next to the locked school, struggling to open the door. She was rubbing her legs together in an attempt to lessen her urge, while Alexxx stood behind her trying to help.

"Um, if you can hold it for another 45 minutes, i think they'll open the doors for a basketball game." Alex mumbled helpfully.

"Ahh..." Llila shuttered as an urge hit her blatter, causing her to grab her crotch and double over slightly. "No...there's no way i could hold it that long." She bit her lip lightly and looked up at Alexxx. "Do you have any ideas?"

"I think there are some bathrooms near the football field" Alexxx recalled. Llila blushed; she hated feeling so vulnerable in front of her crush. She felt somthing else though...almost a sence of adventure, or daring. Her breath quickened as she followed Alexxx to the football field.

As they were walkking, Llila suddenly doubled over. Both her hands flew to her crotch, and her legs smashed together. Her legs crossed involuntarily and she moaned loudly. Her miniskirt now showed a slightly damp spot where she was grabbing.

"We're so close!" Alexxx encouraged. Llila barely managed to stop the flow, and stopping it only increaced her need.

"I...I can't make it..." Llila confessed, with both hands hoding herself. Alexxx noticed she was also trying to cover her wet-spot, with little sucess.

"It's just over here"! Alexxx pointed. A small bilding was a few yards away, with a sign on the bathroom. Llila hobbled over to the building, followed by Alexxx.

'Bathrooms closed for matenence, we apologize for the inconvienience' the sign read. Llila wimpered and sank into a ball on the floor, holding herself for all she was worth. 'There's no way i'll make it now...' she thought.

"The boys bathroom is still open! you can make it!" Alexx held the door open, waiting for her to walk in.

"NO! That's the boys bathroom, I can't just-" Another urge hit Llila, and she dribbled a bit more in her panties, making the wet-spot even more obvious. "Ok, ok! Just...you go in first!" Alexxx pushed the door open and walked in. LLila struggled to get up, spurting once again and feeling a few drops of warm pee run down her leg. She slipped on hand down her panties to better hold herself, and rushed into the bathroom. AS soon as she got inside, she heard Alexxx groan.

"Um, Apparently the stalls are out too." She stated sympathetically, pointing to the signs on the stalls. Llila's mind raced, what could she do? The stall doors were locked; there was no way she could get in even if they weren't broken. tears formed in her eyes. How could she let Alexxx see her like this?

"You could try to use the urinal." Alexxx blurted out.

"I can't. I don't know how to do th-" Another spurt came, interrupting her. She shoved the other hand down her skirt, and was just barely able to end the squirt. She knew she had only seconds now.

"O-ok! But...I can't get my hand out...! Can you...um..." She made a nodding motion toward her skirt.

Alexxx understood, and took off her skirt. She ran to the urinal at the side of the room, and looked up at it.

"I...I'm to short!" She yelped, crossing her legs tightly. The way it was slanted made it possible to sit on the edge. "Well...maybe..."

Llila Jumped up, spurting terribly, getting pee on her skirt (now on the floor). She landed sitting on the tip of the urinal facing it; her legs dangling from the floor. "Shit!" She realized "I can't...rrr...I can't take off my panties like this!" She lifted one leg, and a blast of urine flooded out of her. She squealed and squished her legs together, but she couldn't stop it. It soaked her panties and dribbled out on the floor. She had to scoot up periodically to not fall off, almost humping the urinal.

She finished, sighing slightly. She slipped off the urinal,and put on her pee-soaked panties, tearing up while she did so. Once she was finished, she looked up at Alexxx.

"Y-You're not g-going to tell anyone....are you?" She shuddered between sobs.

"No, I would never." Alexxx promised, holding her hand supportively.

"Really...?" Llila stopped crying and looked up at Alexxx with her shining blue eyes. Alexxx looked down at her, and wrapped his arms around her.

"Really." Alexxx whispered. Llila stood on her tippy-toes and kissed him, and he leaned down to kiss her, feeling the warm urine on her skirt.

(So? did you guys like it? Feel free to leave your comments, critiques, and everything else below. but post importantly, tell me if you want more! :D)

*003*2011-03-06 15:06

Thanks for the replies, guys! It means a lot that people like my stuff ^_^. I'll work on another one sometime, taking all of your critiques into account. Thanks again!

*005*2011-03-07 04:15

{{:

I loved it! I thought her friend was a boy at first though. :) Whoops! There's nothing wrong with skipping to the action, most people perfer that! :D

}}

Alexxx is a male :) sorry i did not clarify in the story!

*008*2012-05-02 19:56

Guys, I wrote this like a year ago, this is embarrassing! *blushes* this is terrible...! The one I wrote like two weeks ago about Page (http://omorashi.org/topic/5673-pages-problems/

) is much easier on the eyes XD.

