Desperate Friendships - Page 2

Author: 222foxface222

*028*2012-05-02 04:19

{{: 

Fox, dear GOD I love you! You just combined two of my most favorite things EVER, Drarry and Omo. I have so much love for this story it cannot be expressed in words! Because, sadly there is very, very little good Drarry Omo on the internet! Thank you for putting this up!!! :D

}}

Thank you, Sunny! Trust me, I've spent my fair share of time looking for some good Drarry omo, and haven't found much out there, which is part of the reason I started writing fanfiction in the first place! Glad you're liking it--we obviously have very similar interests!

{{: 

Two words...Bloody Hell! That was freaking hot! I've never read a Darry before and i probably wont find a better one! :D Good for you!! :D

}}

Wow, I'm glad you liked it! There's more to come ;)

{{: 

Well, just the same ^^ I love it and wanna see more XD

}}

Thank you! New chapter soon!

{{: 

I loved it once again and can't wait for the next chapter!

And as I told you alread: Drarry is just great. Harry and Draco are so cute together.

}}

Thanks, Wolf--I think they're a really adorable pair, too! I appreciate all your support :D

{{: 

I've read the latest chapter, and I have to say... even though bxb isn't my thing in any way, you're writing is pretty good. I'll have to keep up with the story just to see what happens! Good Job, and Keep them coming I guess. :] It's nice you take the time to do this.

}}

Glad you can find a few things you like even if the male/male doesn't really do it for you. Later in the story there's a little bit of female/male going on if that's more your thing, so if there's still interest at that point you'll have to let me know what you think. :)

{{: 

Wow! So great! I really love male/male, so I hope you don't edit too much out! It's so sexy, as was the wetting. I don't really like emotional Draco, though. It's just to hard for me to imagine, in any story that portrays him that way. Loved the bits about their abuse, though... not to say I love child abuse, of course! I mean I love the way you wrote about their abuse- such a great element for the story. I do think they could have been more direct when they were saying that they thought wetting was sexy, though. Obviously WE know they like it, but they didn't really vocalize it clearly to the other.. or at least that's what I thought while reading it.

And OH MY G... I LOVED THE BIT ABOUT DRACO WANTING TO KNOW HOW POWERFUL HARRY IS because he wants to know what raw power is! I LOVED THAT. Lucius sets such high standards for his son that Draco simply cannot meet them, and Harry is one of the most powerful wizards without even trying. It makes SO much sense that Draco would want to know how powerful he is, and be close to a man with so much power since he has been told his whole life that power is important. LOVE that.

Post again soon! MUST READ MORE.

}}

Thanks for such a great response! I love getting feedback (honestly who doesn't?) so thanks for your input about what you thought worked/could have been handled differently. Now that I know people are interested in seeing Harry/Draco together, I won't kill myself trying to keep everything toned down. And, I understand where you're coming from with emotional Draco, but I actually think it makes a lot of sense that he'd be hiding a way more sensitive side of himself in order to uphold his family name. At least, that's what I like to think !

Anyway, hope you'll keep reading!

*029*2012-05-02 04:46

Here is Chapter 5. Not really any warnings here, the chapter just moves the plot forward a bit more (for that reason, there's some wetting, but no real desperation scenes). I know sometimes the pace is fairly slow for these first few chapters, but things pick up soon, so I hope you don't mind! The general consensus seems to be that most of you are okay with the male/male scenes (or at least those of you who commented), so I won't edit them too much moving forward. Thanks for reading and enjoy--let me know how you like it!

Chapter 5

Harry lay in his four poster bed that night, his mind filled with questions he had no way of answering. The night had passed in a whir of tears and companionship. He felt both emotionally drained and physically charged, remembering Draco’s touch and all that had occurred between them. For once, he felt as if there was someone else in the world who understood what he had been through at the hands of his relatives, the torment and degradation that would seem astronomical to anyone who had not lived through it themselves.

Anyone else would allow the knowledge to affect how they looked at him, would treat him as if he were made of glass, as if he were some pitiful ever-suffering child. But the fact of the matter was, although Harry hated the way his Uncle treated him, there was a part of him that never really believed the others when they said he did not deserve to be hit and kicked and screamed at, a part of him that just accepted the abuse as a fact he had learned to live with, a part of him that he knew only Draco could understand.

It was late, but Harry knew Ron was still awake; he could hear him moving around in the bed next to him, and although he couldn’t see him with their bed curtains drawn. He smirked at the fact that, whenever one of them seemed to have trouble sleeping, the other did as well. It was a convenient trait to find in a best friend.

“Ron, you awake?” He whispered, taking advantage of the fact that they were both awake.

“Mmhm,” he mumbled from Harry’s right. “Can’t sleep.”

Harry sat up in bed and leaned against his headboard.

“Why not?”

“Dunno,” Ron said, and Harry could hear the frustration in his voice. “Hey, what did Snape torture you with in detention, anyway?”

“Just writing lines,” Harry said. “I guess he was feeling unoriginal tonight.”

He felt a pang of guilt after lying to Ron, but he just wasn’t ready to tell him exactly what had happened in the dungeons earlier that night. It wasn’t like enemies became lovers overnight. And it wasn’t like Draco was his lover, either. But, then, what was he? He felt for once as if he had learned just who Draco Malfoy was, and he had liked what he learned. But who was to say the Slytherin was not about to go behind his back, that he was not at that very moment plotting the proper way to tell the entire school that the Boy-Who-Lived got excited when he pissed his sheets. But, deep down, he wanted to believe that Draco had been sincere, that a strange bond of trust had formed between them.

“You sure you don’t want to come back to the Burrow, tomorrow?” Ron asked, hopeful.

“Nah,” Harry said. “I think I need some time to myself.”

He knew Ron had been disappointed when Harry first told him he preferred to spend the first few weeks of summer at Grimmauld Place. Harry enjoyed spending time with the Weasleys’, but no matter how much they professed that they enjoyed his company, he could not shake the feeling that he was just one more burden for Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Merlin knew they had enough on their plates already; they didn’t need another teenager to take care of. Besides, Harry was not used to the structure and familial atmosphere there always was at the Burrow, and although he found it refreshing, there was still a part of him that was uncomfortable fitting into the whole.

“You okay?” Ron asked. “You’re quiet.”

“Yeah, I guess. Just, you know, thinking about that detention.”

Harry heard Ron open the curtains around his bed, the curtain loops scraping along the wooden top of the frame, and he followed suit, turning onto his side until he could just make out Ron’s form in the darkness if he squinted.

“Forget about all that,” Ron shrugged. “You don’t have to deal with Snape or that little ferret until next school year.”

“Right,” Harry mumbled, wanting nothing more than to deal with Malfoy right that moment. He wondered if there were a way to sneak into the blonde’s room without his Slytherin roommates noticing. But he dismissed the thought, doubting he would even be able to remember his way back to the Slytherin dorms. He would have to contend himself with a quick glance at breakfast in the Great Hall before all the students departed for the Hogwarts’ Express. Then again, maybe he would skip breakfast; he felt sick at the thought of being forced to make snide remarks at the other boy’s expense to keep his friends from suspicion.

“Night, Harry,” Ron yawned, turning onto his back and closing his eyes.

Harry watched as Ron settled into sleep, his breathing steadying and his body relaxing. He had never known anyone to look quite so peaceful when they slept, so child-like. He knew he could never mention it to Draco without Ron hating him forever, but the youngest Weasley boy had struggled with his own bed wetting problems when they were first and second years. And, when Harry first began visiting the Burrow, he couldn’t help but learn that all the Weasley boys had dealt with the issue at one point in their lives, a loss of control passed down from their father that they all teased each other about. As far as most of them knew, Charlie had been the worst, wetting far into fourth year. But, as much as Ron tried to hide it, Harry knew there had been quite a few nights even this year Ron had pissed in bed; it seemed he was in some sort of relapse. Harry could always tell the next morning; Ron was generally short-tempered and sensitive for entire days after a wet night.

Making sure Ron was asleep, Harry quietly closed his bed curtains and rolled over onto his stomach. He spread his legs slightly and wriggled as he felt the fullness of his bladder. He hadn’t peed before bed despite the fact that he had been mildly desperate, and the urges were getting bad. Releasing, he concentrated on letting go, and in a moment was forcefully peeing through his briefs and pajama pants into his bed. He heard a hissing sound as the warmth spread across his sheets and mattress, soaking his flannel pants through the crotch and down his thighs towards his knees.

Sighing at the release of tension, he thought about what it had been like to watch Draco wet his jeans earlier that day. He remembered the desperate look of fear that had crossed the boy’s face the moment he lost control, an expression that was a gorgeous mix of crippling shame and immense relief. Harry’s own relief was as acute as ever as he felt the pee pour into his pants and bed, leaving him lying in a puddle as he put his hands by his sides and breathed heavily with the final trickles of his wetting. He closed his eyes and thought of the blonde Slytherin, wanting to protect him, to make him believe he was worth caring for.

###

Draco woke with a gasp, feeling the final stream of pee wet his pajamas and already sodden sheets. Lifting the blankets, he could see he was soaked from his waist down past his knees, and swore to himself in anger and frustration. Why did this have to happen to him? He could hear others in his room moving around and cursed the fact that he had slept so late. For years, he had trained himself to wake before the others, to be the first one out of bed and in the showers so that no one would ever witness him in such a shameful situation. He could only assume that the events of the night before had resulted in a deeper sleep than usual, one that meant he had slept long past the time needed to clean up undetected. What was he going to do?

Sitting as still as possible on his wet mattress, he tried not to make a sound, hoping the others would assume he had chosen to sleep through breakfast. He heard his roommates shoving each other around as they made lewd jokes about how they would spend their summer vacation screwing girls and getting drunk.

“Should we wake Malfoy?” Goyle asked, causing Draco to freeze in his tracks and quickly yank the blankets over the wetness in case they opened his bed curtains.

“Nah, let him sleep or he’ll hex us all.”

As he heard them leave, Draco felt himself able to breathe once again. The room became quiet, and, after listening for a moment to make sure he was alone, he opened his curtains and climbed out of bed, plucking at the wet fabric sticking to his legs.

“Draco?”

The blonde spun around to find himself face to face with Blaise Zabini, who was staring wide-eyed, one eyebrow raised in what appeared to be bemusement. He was sitting on his bed, a book held between his hands. He stood and looked Draco up and down, his eyes lingering on Draco’s soaked pants before scanning towards his bed. The wet sheets and mattress were on full display, blankets folded back to reveal the soiled bed.

“Did you...,” Blaise scoffed in laughter, his generally superior tone of voice in full effect. “You pissed yourself?”

“N-no,” Draco stammered stupidly as Blaise laughed. “And if you say anything, I’ll make your life hell.”

He felt his cheeks hot with embarrassment but immediately felt a blinding anger, the type of anger he had learned from his father, the type of anger suitable for a Malfoy. He knew his words had not been believable, that he had not been forceful enough, and he feared that Blaise had seen through his threat. Blaise was so cocky he would take any chance he could get to put the others down, Draco especially. He would have rather had Crabbe or Goyle find out that he was a bedwetter; at least he would be able to intimidate them enough to keep their mouths shut. Nevertheless, he was going to have to think quickly to get the upper hand over his fellow Slytherin.

“Well, well, well. Wait until the others find out just how little of a man a known Death Eater’s son really is. I bet your father is so proud of his little teenaged bedwetter.”

Draco reached back onto his nightstand and grabbed his wand, but Blaise was too quick for his nervous state, and, after a hasty ‘expelliarmus’ Draco found himself defenseless.

“F### off, Zabini,” Draco spat, standing taller. He squared his shoulders towards the boy, glaring at him in hatred.

“Pretty hard to act tough when you’re standing there in pissy pants, isn’t it?” Blaise smirked. “I’ll bet Pansy will be glad to know the guy she’s in love with wees his bed, don’t you?”

Draco balked at the admission that Pansy was in love with him, but at the moment that was the least of his worries. If Blaise told Pansy, the whole school would know in a matter of hours. She was the biggest gossip in Slytherin, which of course Blaise knew for a fact. Draco took menacing steps towards Blaise, and when the taller boy lashed out, he was able to duck the punch and spin on his heels to hit him in the face. The boy swore in rage as his nose began bleeding, and Draco readied himself for the larger boy to pounce. But, as he held his ground and waited for the impact, he heard the sound of the door opening. Taking advantage, Draco lunged at Blaise, and, while he was looking the opposite direction, punched him in the face with all his strength. The taller boy fell sprawling to the floor and lay still, knocked out.

Draco looked up, ready to curse out whichever of his roommates had come back for their shoes or homework assignments or porn magazines, but found himself face to face with Harry Potter. Harry grinned at Draco’s shocked expression, his invisibility cloak in his hands.

“Took me ages to find you,” he said. “I waited forever for someone to come along and give the password to your common rooms.”

Harry spelled Blaise with an ‘Obliviate’ charm before heaving the body out into the hallway just as the tall boy was beginning to come to. He closed the door, then turned back towards Draco.

Draco laughed out loud, suddenly happier than he had been all morning. He wanted to rush up and have Harry take him in his arms, but stopped himself, aware of the state of his pajamas and unsure just what Harry’s intentions were. For all he knew, he had come to tell him last night was a horrible mistake.

“Hey, Potter,” he said, feigning indifference.

“Aren’t you happy to see me?” Harry asked. He still stood by the door, unsure how Draco would react to him suddenly appearing in his dorm room. Draco may have had second thoughts about last night.

Draco nodded. “I guess,” he said sardonically. “Although I was enjoying kicking the shit out of Zabini.” he said, smiling sideways.

Grinning, Harry opened his arms and Draco rushed forward, burying his face into the boy’s broad chest. He took a step back when he realized he was pressed up against Harry, and was more than likely getting him wet, but couldn’t bear to leave the boy’s embrace.

“Need some help, there?” Harry asked. He quickly spelled Draco clean, then threw a cleansing and drying spell at his bed. “It’s a shame they don’t give marks for Drying spells,” he joked.

“I don’t want to go back, Harry.”

Harry wrapped his arms around the smaller boy and rested his chin on top of his head. He had hoped Draco would say this, he had been planning all morning what he would say to the blonde.

“Let’s go away,” Harry said. “Make something up to tell your father. We can go to Grimmauld Place and stay for the break. I’m not going back to the Dursley’s. They won’t care one way or another if I don’t show up.”

Draco pulled away from Harry and stared into his eyes. He wanted nothing more than to go away with Harry. He could spend the summer away from his father and mother, without their rebukes and disappointment. He knew Malfoy Manor had long ago ceased to hold any feelings of home for him. He was not welcome unless it was absolutely necessary; he was expected to be independent and self-sufficient. That didn’t mean, however, that he would be permitted to spend the summer outside of his father’s guidance.

“He won’t let me,” Draco said.

“We’ll think of something to tell him,” Harry said, words fast with encouragement. “Since when has he cared about you at all? You don’t deserve beatings, Draco.”

Harry couldn’t stand the idea of Draco returning to Malfoy Manor and being hit by Lucius. He recalled the many hours he had spent hiding in the attic, shaking as he waited for his Uncle Vernon to find him and beat him with the wooden spoon from the kitchen or his bare fists or his shoe. He placed his hand on Draco’s shoulder. Luckily, the beatings had lessened a bit once the Dursleys learned that he was a wizard. But there was no escaping it for Draco. Harry couldn’t explain why or how, but he felt closer to Draco at that moment than he had ever felt to anyone. He leaned forward and kissed Draco on the mouth, reaching a hand down to graze the waistband of the boy’s wet pajamas.

Draco pulled away and took a seat on his bed.

“Harry, I want to more than anything, but…” Draco trailed off, not wanting Harry to think him a baby for admitting he was scared. Harry followed him to his bed and sat next to him.

“I’ll be there, Dray. I’ll keep you safe.”

Draco knew that Harry was sincere. He had never had a true protector before, only Crabbe and Goyle, who protected Draco simply because he had grown up with them, and they liked the idea of fighting; Harry’s protection was different, and it felt good.

“I won’t let him hurt you,” Harry said.

Draco nodded, letting Harry know that he believed him. He actually felt that, if anyone had a chance against his father, it was Harry effing Potter.

Just as Draco was about to give in to Harry’s pleas, a black owl began pecking at the small window high up on the dungeon wall. Draco sighed and reached to let the bird in. It flew from the window and landed on the mantelpiece of the fireplace that stood between two of the boys’ beds. The boys looked at each other, concerned, as Draco explained that it was his father’s owl.

“Want me to read it?” Harry asked. Draco nodded, his eyes closed.

Harry untied the rolled-up parchment from the black owl’s leg.

“Draco—we have prepared for your arrival and will expect you at 2:00pm for a welcome inspection and a reiteration of the household strictures. –Lucius Malfoy.” Harry swore and threw the parchment into the fire. The note had made him more resolute that Draco was coming with him.

“I have to go home, Harry,” Draco mumbled. He felt miserable.

“Dray, screw him,” Harry pleaded. Draco’s heart swelled at the nickname. It sounded good, and made him want to kiss Harry right there. “You don’t owe him anything.”

“What will I tell him?” Draco asked.

“Tell him…tell him you’re sick and Madame Pomfrey has requested that you rest at Hogwarts for another week. After that, we’ll think of something.”

Draco shook his head. “He’d want a note directly from her.”

“Ok, then tell him you’ve been invited to a friend’s house for the break.”

“He says friends are a waste of time I could spend studying, and a detriment to self-definition.”

Harry scoffed at the sentiment of the remark, but was shocked at how well Draco could imitate his father. He began to feel as if there was no way his plan would work. He had spent the whole morning believing Draco would immediately agree to go away with him. He hadn’t taken into account Lucius Malfoy’s control over his son.

“I don’t want you to go,” Harry whispered. He took his seat back on the bed and held Draco’s hand.

“There’s nothing I can do,” Draco said. He turned to kiss Harry softly, wanting to ensure Harry knew his choice would be with him if he had any control of the situation.

The door opened and both boys scrambled to get away from each other. Draco rushed to the fireplace, leaving Harry standing next to his bed.

“Draco, why are you still---” Professor Snape stopped in the doorway, staring at the two boys.

“Well,” he said, “What do we have here? Now why would a Gryffindor be down in the Slytherin dungeons?”

Neither boy knew what to say.

“Draco?” Snape prompted. He looked as if he were pleased at the absurdity of the situation, unable to keep from grinning or to keep the humor out of his voice. Harry believed Snape would like nothing more than to torture them with this situation for years to come.

“Um,” Draco began, “We—ah…” Draco looked like he would be sick.

“Well? Speak up.”

“He didn’t have anything to do with it,” Harry began, “It was me, I--”

Snape whipped his head towards Harry.

“I don’t believe I was speaking to you,” he spat.

Draco cleared his throat, having more courage once Harry had been singled out.

“I invited him to come, Uncle Severus,” Draco said.

Harry’s eyebrows raised at Draco’s use of ‘Uncle.’

Snape had been a close family friend of the Malfoys for many years, and Draco had grown up calling him “Uncle.” It had always been forbidden within any context at Hogwarts, but he had often slipped back into the name when they were in private. He knew it held a certain weight with the man, whom Draco knew loved him as if he were his own son. Growing up, Draco had often wished he could live with Snape instead of his heartless excuse for a father.

Snape turned from Draco to Harry.

“Leave,” he ordered. He spoke calmly, yet Harry did not think twice about disobeying, especially after Draco nodded at him, signaling that he would be alright. He closed the door and sunk to the floorboards in the hallway, leaning his back against the wall as he tried to imagine just how Snape would react to the entire situation.

*037*2012-05-03 04:16

Thanks for all the wonderful comments you guys (not enough time today to respond to them all because I just have a second to post this chapter, but please know they are really really appreciated and I of course love to know what you're thinking about the story). I'm also really glad to hear that some of you (Sunny, Wolf) have been inspired to write fanfiction, too--I hope you do write them and post for all of us to enjoy! :D

Here's Chapter 6--Enjoy, and let me know what you think, please!

Chapter 6

Once Harry had left the dormitory and the door was closed, Snape turned back to the small Slytherin. He raised his eyebrows, sighing as he cursed the situation. Nothing could ever go smoothly. Ever since that morning, he had been dealing with whiny students begging for him to raise their grades and moody Slytherins who wanted to do nothing less than clean their dorm rooms of a year’s worth of candy wrappers and half-completed homework assignments. He felt as if he hadn’t had a break all morning, and was looking forward to nothing more than having full months pass without having to listen to the trivial problems and over-exaggerated complaints of the spoiled Slytherin students.

He had hoped to retreat to his office after breakfast and sit quietly until the final students had packed up and gone. He had been expecting not to be disturbed, but that had not been the case, and as early as seven in the morning two disgruntled second-years had come to him at each others’ throats, arguing over which of them would be allowed to keep the remaining flask of some potion they had brewed together in class. Since that moment, his office had been inundated with the blithering idiots who were the hopeless future of the wizarding world, and he hadn’t had a moment to himself.

The only solace he took was the feeling of his bladder filling over the course of the morning, a feeling that excited him, a feeling that he often let himself get to, knowing it turned him on. The moment he found a bit of peace, the charms on the dorm rooms had alerted him to the fist fight that had occurred in the sixth-year boys’ dorm between Malfoy and Zabini. Throwing on his robes, he stormed down the hallway. He was expecting to have to break up a fight and take points, although he felt a certain smugness that Draco had finally given the prat Zabini what was coming to him. He had never expected to find Potter in the midst of the Slytherin dorm, practically joined to Malfoy’s side.

“Mr. Malfoy, would you care to explain?” he prompted. He kept his voice stern but knew the boy would recognize the hint of concern that was hidden beneath it all. He had known Draco since he was a child; he was the closest thing he had to a son and he had been worried sick about the boy since the night before, since the utter fuck-up of a detention.

“My father wants me to return to Malfoy manor, but I don’t think I can go back,” Draco told him.

“And why is that?” Snape asked, crossing his arms. He allowed the frustration to edge into his voice since the boy was obviously evading the real issue at hand. Draco was humoring him, attempting to distract him by bringing up an entire issue entirely. It was a tactic Draco had used since childhood, and Snape had long become familiar with each of his ploys and the best way to handle them.

Draco was silent, looking down at the floorboards and tapping one hand against the post of his bed. Snape crossed the room and confronted the boy, keeping his legs spread a bit apart because it made him feel just a bit more in need of a pee. He had a long way to go until he was desperate, having spent much of his life building up a strong bladder. Nevertheless, just knowing he was on his way made him excited for what would come later. But, at the moment, he needed to deal with his godson’s current strange choice of friends. When Lucius and Narcissa had suggested he be a godparent, he had never assumed he would be playing interference between the Malfoy heir and the Boy-Who-Lived.

“Draco? Would you rather I send for your father and the three of us discuss this?”

The boy looked up quickly and shook his head. Snape could tell that he was trying to remain confident and adult, that, for whatever reason, he was trying to impress him. He was longing to speak to the boy about the memory he had seen the night before; he needed to know whether the abuse was still occurring, but he knew Draco was likely to lie if confronted. He would wait until the boy brought up the topic himself.

“I am a man now, and I am not going to allow Lucius to degrade me,” Draco said.

“I see,” Snape said. He had never heard Draco speak up about his father before, but he knew Lucius would not appreciate the disdain in the boy’s voice.

“I do not deserve to be treated like a child by him,” Draco continued.

“Draco, your father is only doing what he believes the best for you. Stop this nonsense.”

“He still beats me, Uncle,” Draco admitted. There was an anger in his eyes that Snape only saw in Draco’s most impassioned moments.

Caught off guard at the admission, Snape settled back into his deep, distant voice and stood straight over the boy.

“I think we need to discuss this with Lucius. You certainly are still a child, Draco, if you resort to fabrications such as this.”

“It’s the truth, Uncle,” Draco said. “When I returned from the Christmas holidays with a broken wrist, and I said I tripped on the train while we were on our way to Hogwarts, that wasn’t true. My wrist had been broken for weeks. He knocked me to the ground and refused to have it healed.” He spoke calmly, knowing any hint of hysteria would hurt his case.

“For what reason?” Snape asked. He expected Draco to have no answer to this, and to be caught in the lie or forced to admit his own transgressions in the matter.

Draco looked down at the ground.

“I…” Draco hesitated for only a moment. “I can’t stop wetting the bed.”

The boy spoke clearly, more than likely not wanting to have to repeat it. Draco had often stayed over at Snape’s house when he was younger; The Malfoys trusted no one to babysit except their old friend. And there had certainly been times when Draco peed the bed while at Snape’s house, although it had been a rare occurrence. Despite the memory the night before, Snape had never imagined the boy still dealt with the problem. He just assumed he had grown out of it some years ago.

Snape cleared his throat and walked closer to the boy. Turning to spell the door shut, he opened his arms and allowed the boy to step close as he hugged him to his chest. Despite the fact that Snape and Lucius had long been good friends, he resented many of the ways his friend had raised Draco, beatings being one that they had long ago fought over. Until the memory he had seen the night before, Snape believed the physical violence had stopped years ago. But if what the boy was saying was true, the abuse had never stopped. Had Draco simply been trained never to admit to the violence?

"I can't go back there, Uncle."

Snape was not embarrassed that his seventeen year old godson still wet his bed; as the head of Slytherin he had seen that be the case with numerous boys, and he knew Draco did not deserve to be beaten for it. Hell, when they were boys, Lucius had his own problems with wetting the bed, which perhaps explained the vehemence behind his punishments towards Draco. Snape would not be surprised if he hit Draco to hide his own shame, which still existed somewhere deep down. Snape remembered one night the other boys in their dorm had all found out Lucius had pissed the bed; he had needed to beat up quite a few people to stop the rumors, but even when they stopped, Lucius knew everyone whispered about Hogwarts’ biggest bully still wetting the bed like a baby.

“And Potter?” Snape asked, eyebrows raised.

“He wants me to spend the summer at Grimmauld Place, Uncle Severus,” the boy said, lifting his head off his Head of House’s chest to look up at him. “He doesn’t want Lucius to hurt me,”

Draco couldn’t keep some admiration out of his voice, and Snape recognized the happiness. It was a long time before Snape spoke, standing still in front of the boy as he thought through the situation. At that moment, he cursed his full bladder nagging at him, needing to concentrate on the issue at hand, but he pushed it to the back of his mind and considered the options available in terms of Draco and Potter.

“I will talk to your father,” he said finally. “I will tell him you will be working with me this holiday as a laboratory assistant. You and Potter will leave today.”

If there was anything he had learned over the years, he knew there was no sense in appealing to Lucius for a better treatment of the boy. The man was stuck in his ways, and nothing Snape could say would keep him from beating Draco. Snape loved the boy as if he was his own, and he did not want him to be hurt, which was why he was nervous about letting him leave with James Potter’s son. However, despite the unconventional pairing, he knew Draco had placed his trust in the boy, and nothing Snape could say to the contrary would sway his opinion. He just hoped there was more of Lily in the dark-haired boy than James.

Snape turned and left the room before Draco could thank him, already regretting the decision.

“I will be checking up on the two of you, Mr. Malfoy,” he said formally as he removed the spell from the door and left the room. Turning the corner, he nearly tripped on Potter, who was sitting with his legs sprawled in front of him on the floor. The boy scrambled to his feet and looked up in what, for once seemed to be actual penitence. He had to give Potter credit; the boy was certainly good at making it look like he actually gave a damn about Malfoy.

“Take care of him or I’ll feed you to the Giant Squid myself,” Snape said without stopping. He continued down the hallway as Potter raced into the dorm room behind him.

Rubbing his eyes, he retreated back to his office, where a group of fourth-year girls were waiting for him to settle an argument over which of them should be responsible for the damage caused the night before when they had decided to attempt dying each others’ hair using spells they had found in an old Woman Wizard’s Weekly magazine. He cursed his job as Head of House, longing for the solitude of an empty castle free of students and the relief he would find later that night, when he was desperate enough to find release in the simple ecstasy of wetting into his robes.

*041*2012-05-04 13:51

I'm sorry I haven't updated in a day or two! I've been working non-stop and I'm about to go in for a 10 hour shift today. If I'm not completely beat, I'll post the next chapter tonight. Otherwise, I'll post tomorrow morning/early afternoon--promise! Hope you guys are all doing well and have a great end to your week :)

{{: 

Oh my, you can't do this to me. Leaving Snape with a full bladder and me with nothing more to read... Damn.

Alright, back to serious. You know how much I love Snape... And I love the fact you give him full bladders as well. I really hope that at some point this goes wrong and he ends up having a full-blown real accident. That would be amazing you know. Other than that I am curious about how well Draco and Harry will manage together and what is going to happen.

Please post the next part soon, for I can't wait to know what it going to happen next.

}}

I'll see what I can do about putting Snape in a situation where he has an accident. It's not something I focused on too much when I originally wrote the story, but you guys are giving me some great ideas so I may just have to add one in as a thank you for the great support :D. It's just a bit tricky to find a situation for him, but I'll try to think of something!

{{: 

The way you phrased the end of this chapter was brilliant and gives a good mental image! I was highly impressed with the way you wrote Snape needing the toilet as well. There are very few that I've ever read who can write him in that way well! Like Wolf said, I hope we get to see him have an accident later! I loved how Snape is covering for Draco too, I startled my cat by cheering his awesomeness lol.

Keep it coming! This is quickly becoming one of my favorites! :D

}}

Thanks, Sunny! Your comments are always appreciated--I'm getting spoiled by all the nice things you and the others are saying! And you made me laugh out loud describing how you scared your cat! Mine is happy when I post on here, because it means she can sit on top of me while I write, haha!

{{: 

I agree with Wolf.. you can't leave us like this! I need to know how Snape wets himself! Will Harry and Draco find out about his fetish? Like I said in my last review, I would LOVE to see either of them torturing Snape by being desperate in front of him, since they both admitted to finding him attractive.

Your characterization is fantastic, by the way. I love Snape. I just love the way all of these characters interact with each other in general. So realistic in comparison to the book. Love it. Update again! Nao! please. :)

}}

Thanks, Ryoku! Like I said to Wolf, I didn't originally write a chapter with Harry or Draco using their hunch that Snape is turned on by them having to pee to tease him, but I really like the idea, so I may just have to find a space to fit it in. I love that you guys are giving me new ideas for this story and forcing me to go back and switch some things around because it keeps the story new to me :D. And I'm glad you're liking the characterizations--I know it's just fanfiction, but I think stories suffer if the interactions don't seem realistic.

*042*2012-05-05 17:13

Alright, here's the next chapter. As a warning, it's more explicit than the others in terms of the sexual relationship going on between Harry and Draco, so if that's not your thing, you probably won't like this chapter. Since it seems like a lot of you are okay with the male/male elements, I won't edit them out or tone them down unless you guys tell me you'd rather not see it in the story. If it's not your thing, don't worry, because the story doesn't relvolve completely around the Harry/Draco relationship moving forward.

Enjoy! <3

Harry met Draco back in the dungeons with his packed bags only to lie half-naked in the boy’s bed and fall back asleep next to him. Neither of them had slept well the night before, and both were eager to prolong the comfort they had found in each other’s company at Hogwarts. They knew everything might change as soon as they were alone at Grimmauld Place. At least while they lay together under the green blankets inside the green curtains, they knew the rules. They were students sneaking around together rather than adults in Harry’s house, and the innocence was comforting. Besides, Snape was still lurking somewhere nearby, a fact that, strangely, even comforted Harry.

“Do you think Snape knows?” Harry asked, propping himself up on an elbow and looking down at Draco next to him.

“Of course he knows,” the blonde smirked. “He’s not an idiot.”

Harry sighed and fell back onto the pillow. He had been dreading the answer, and now had a sinking feeling in his stomach. He wasn’t ready for others to know that he had recently become close to Draco Malfoy--very close. And Snape was the last person on earth he wanted knowing his personal business.

Draco leaned over Harry and kissed him on the lips.

“Don’t wet your pants over it,” he teased.

Harry shoved the boy off in good-humor, rolling his eyes. But he hooked his arm through Draco’s to pull him close, and they lay on their backs, side by side. When Draco turned his head to face Harry a moment later, the Gryffindor took the bait, kissing the little blonde imp and then letting him rest his head on his chest while they both fell asleep.

Draco nudged Harry awake about two and a half hours later, and Harry blinked his eyes open. He smiled and kissed the boy on the forehead.

“You awake?”

Draco nodded, but said nothing.

“What’s wrong?” Harry asked, rubbing his eyes and half sitting-up.

“Nothing,” Draco mumbled, staring at the curtains. “It’s just...I have to pee.”

Harry laughed as the admission seemed to cause Draco to squirm around and cross his legs. He saw the boy reach a hand below the blankets and could only assume he had resorted to holding himself.

“How long has it been bad?” Harry asked, cupping a hand around the boy’s chin and forcing him to look towards him. “You should have woken me up.”

Draco shrugged, then an urge seemed to hit him as he squeezed his eyes shut and lay completely still, his legs pressed tight together next to Harry.

“About an hour, but I wanted to let you sleep,” he said, his voice tense. “Now I really can’t hold it anymore.”

Draco threw open the curtains and was half out of bed before Harry grabbed his arm, gently pulling him back.

“Want to have some fun?” he asked, one eyebrow raised.

Draco looked unsure, wriggling on the bed, but slowly nodded.

Harry sat up and jumped out of bed. He found his t-shirt on the floor and pulled it back on, tossing Draco his and waiting for the skinny boy to dress as well.

“Let’s go out to the common room,” Harry said. “I’ll bet you can hold on longer than you think.”

He took Draco by the hand and led him out of the room, taking the Slytherin’s robes from the hook on the wall at the last moment. Letting Draco stand next to the couch, he went about setting up the room in a hurry, hoping Draco could hold on long enough to make this exciting. Dragging a desk to the center of the room, he found a wooden chair and set it up behind it. He tossed some books onto the desk as well as a few pieces of parchment and a broken quill he found on the floor before taking Draco by the hand once again and sitting him in the chair.

“Is this alright?” Harry asked quietly, leaning over Draco where he sat.

Draco nodded, althougth he looked a bit concerned.

“Just try to hold it a little longer, okay?”

Harry straightened and grabbed the robes from where he had thrown them over the arm of the couch. He left the room and dressed in them in the hallway. Taking a deep breath, he stood tall and forced himself to walk extremely slowly as he re-entered the room. Draco turned to look at him, clearly confused as to what they were actually doing.

“Ah, Mr. Malfoy, you’ve found yourself in detention yet again,” Harry drawled apathetically, barely glancing at the boy.

Draco gasped and couldn’t help but smirk; Harry’s Snape impression was nearly spot-on.

“I’m sorry, sir,” Draco said, “It was--”

“Silence!” Harry said, his voice stern. “I don’t believe I asked for your input.”

Draco glanced down at the desk, amazed that Harry had actually been able to instill a bit of shame into him. He teetered between anger and chagrin, as full of emotions as he always was when forced to be disciplined by his Uncle Severus.

“Sorry, sir,” he said.

“Obviously you are not apologetic, Mr. Malfoy, if you insist on behaving like an animal in my classroom. Tell me, do you give your other teachers the same amount of disrespect, or is that something you save exclusively for my benefit?”

Harry paced back and forth in front of the desk, his hands clasped behind his back.

“No, s-sir, I just--”

“Do cease carrying on, Mr. Malfoy!” Harry spat. “And hear me when I say I will no longer tolerate such childish impudence from a seventh year. You are meant to providde an adequate example of maturity for the younger students, and from now on, you will do so. Is that clear, Mr. Malfoy?”

Draco squrimed in his chair, bending slightly at the waist.

“Harry, I---”

“Is that clear, Mr. Malfoy?” Harry asked again, his voice loud and frustrated.

“Y-yes, sir,” Draco said, his legs pressed close as his voice wavered.

“Very well. You will be writing lines. Two feet of parchment before you will be permitted to leave.”

Harry came close to Draco, staring him in the eye when he hear the boy give a moan as he wriggled from one side to the other. His hands were clutching the sides of the chair, and Harry knew he was using all his willppower to keep from holding his crotch.

“Is everything alright, Mr. Malfoy?” Harry asked, suspiciously.

Draco cleared his throat and tried hard to sit straight.

“Fine, sir.”

Drawing the parchment and quill close to himself, Harry glanced around the room and saw some ink left behind on a table near the spelled window. He retrieved it and dipped the quill. He moved agonizingly slowly, and Draco prayed he would walk faster. When his back was turned, Draco risked a grab at his crotch, but as soon as he was forced to let go, he regretted holding himself; it had only made him aware of just how badly he needed to go. He could have predicted this. Whenever he slept without wetting the bed he woke with a raging need.

Harry wrote slowly, even imitating Snape’s tiny, flowing handwriting. When he finished, he turned the parchment back so it was facing Draco, and tapped his finger down next to the line he had written. Draco couldn’t help but be turned on as he read the line: ‘I will not have impure thoughts about my Potions Master.’ He glanced up and saw Harry staring back at him, grinning cheekily before he turned on his heels and clasped his hands behind his back, transforming once more into Snape.

“You may begin,” he said.

Draco took up the quill and began writing lines, allowing the task to distract him for a moment from his overly full bladder. But it was a short time before he was hit with a sharp urge, and without thinking he dropped the quill and pressed both hands down between his legs, staving off his need for the time being. When the urge had passed, he glanced up to see Harry-as-Snape staring at him, one eyebrow raised in half-mockery.

“I...I, ah,” Draco mumbled.

“Yes, Mr. Malfoy?”

“May...may I be excused, sir?”

Harry scoffed and walked closer to Draco, placing both hands on the desk as he leaned down and looked into the boy’s blue eyes.

“And what possible reason could you have for leaving this room, Mr. Malfoy?”

Draco swallowed. “I...I need the loo, sir.”

Harry chuckled in condescention, and nearly fell out of character when he saw Draco blush bright red. The boy looked so shameful and yet amazingly hot. He didn’t know whether to kiss him on the cheek and let him go pee, or begin tearing off his clothing to show him just how amazing he really was. But he didn’t want this to be over yet; it was turning him on far too much to put an end to it early.

“Well, Mr. Malfoy, you should have thought of that before you were late to my detention. Besides, I’m sure a big seventh year like you can hold his pee for quite some time.”

Harry knew Snape would never be quite so blunt, but it was hard to channel the Potions Master when all he wanted to do was take Draco back to the dorm room and touch every part of his skinny, toned body.

Draco sighed and went back to writing lines, now constantly gyrating on the chair to keep from feeling as if he were about to lose it completely. Harry watched him like a hawk as he scribbled each line in turn, waiting for the moment the boy would be unable to hold on.

“Do sit still, Mr. Malfoy,” he shot in aggravation.

Draco glanced up and, with an effort, stilled his movements. He whimpered almost immediately, however, and the hand the was not writing was quickly holding himself. He looked up, red-faced in shame as he knew he was watched.

Harry raised both eyebrows, a smirk playing at one corner of his mouth.

“I can’t hold it, Professor,” Draco nearly whined. “Please, just let me leave for a moment.”

“Out of the question, Mr. Malfoy,” Snape said shortly.

Draco moaned as he felt the first spurt of wetness escape. Bearing down, he forgot all about the lines as he clenched his muscles and held himself with his hand, willing no more to wet his clothing. He was completely desperate and yet insanely turned on as he came as close as he ever had to acting out the fantasy he held of Snape keeping him from going to the loo. He knew he would be hard if he didn’t need to pee so badly.

“Keep writing!” Snape ordered, and Draco struggled to pick up the quill.

Halfway through his next line, however, he felt a long spurt of wetness soak into his briefs.

“I c-can’t,” he moaned. “I gotta go so bad!”

“The word you’re looking for is ‘badly,’ Mr. Malfoy,” Harry drawled. “Or perhaps your grammar school teachers never bothered to teach you the correct use of an adverb? Write!”

“Please, sir, I’m going to wet my pants.”

“Then do it and spare us the complaining.”

“Oh, Merlin,” Draco said, closing his eyes as he felt more hot wetness in his crotch. He squeezed as hard as he could, begging the spurts to stop. But he knew before long they would give way to a stream of pee soaking his jeans.

“Please, Professor Snape, I can’t hold it!”

“Silence, Draco! I did not permit you to speak! Write your lines, now!”

“B-but, sir, I...oh, fuck!”

Draco beared down as the pee suddenly streamed out of him, as he lost complete control and peed into his pants. Swearing, he pressed and grabbed, begging the liquid to stop, but it was no use.

“Control yourself, Mr. Malfoy,” Harry said, storming over to Draco and yanking his chair out from under the desk. He slapped Draco’s hands from between his legs and pressed his own down into the boy’s tepid wet crotch. Draco placed his wet hands back on top of Harry’s, squeezing tight as he moaned and begged it to stop.

“I’m wetting,” he gasped. “I’m wetting myself, Professor Snape!”

“Weakling,” Harry scoffed, yanking a hand out of Draco’s crotch to put it down his own pants. He was so turned on he could barely stand it as he watched the dark wetness spread throughout Draco’s jeans.

“I can’t stop, sir!” Draco whined as the pee continued no matter how much he held himself. closing his eyes at the ecstatic relief.

“You better not pee on my classroom floor!” Harry ordered, stroking himself, moments away from climax. Seconds later, Draco’s pee began splattering off the chair and onto the floor.

“Forgive me, Professor Snape,” Draco begged, panting. “It was an accident. But I’m almost done, now. It’s almost over.”

“Fucking hell,” Harry moaned. He shuddered and collapsed back agaisnt the desk as he came in his pants, and, as soon as Draco was finished wetting, he was not far behind him, bringing himself quickly to another kind of relief entirely.

The boys breathed heavily, spent and exhausted. Harry recovered first, and was leaning forward, about to give Draco a deep kiss when he saw a blur of black out of the corner of his eye.

“Well, that was quite the show, Mr. Malfoy,” Snape sneered from the doorway of the common room. “And I must applaud you for your truly inspired impersonation, Mr. Potter. It’s rare one finds students quite so...talented.”

Harry backed from Draco and Draco stood quickly, liquid running down his jeans and trickling onto the dungeon floors. The blonde tried fruitlessly to cover the wetspot running all through his crotch and down his legs with his hands.

“Uncle, we...I...”

Snape walked a slow circle around the boys until he was on the other side of the desk, where he stared at them until they had both looked away in embarrassment. Too late, Harry remembered the lines he had forced Draco to write, and Snape was quicker, grabbing the parchment before Harry could take it away. Snape glanced over the lines, keeping his face a blank mask that the boys could not read. He looked up at them as he set the parchment down on the corner of the desk.

“Go clean yourselves up,” he instructed, voice flat. “I’ll expect you in my office in half an hour’s time.”

Draco and Harry scrambled from the common room and up towards the dormitory. Neither boy spoke, too nervous as to exactly what it was their Potions Professor was going to do with them.

###

*047*2012-05-08 22:37

{{: 

That was fucking brilliant.

Several times I had to stop reading because I had to laugh so hard, unbelievable. This is not only really sexy, but very funny as well. I really wonder what Snape will do now. Maybe, if he is still desperate to pee as well, some great things might happen.

Anyway, do update soon again, pretty please. I love this so much!

}}

Aw, thanks Wolf! I was hoping you guys would find this funny--sometimes you just have to laugh at how ridiculous these situations really are! Sorry I haven't posted in a while, but new chapter in a few minutes, and I edited a bit so you may just get your wish about Snape ;)

{{: 

Oh. My. God. O_O I can't even properly describe how absolutely fucking awesome this chapter was! Their role play of Snape was absolute fantastic, not to mention sexy as hell! lol, I totally fangirled the entire time I was reading--Disturbed the cat again xD -- but my heart just STOPPED when the real Snape walked in the room. I thought "Oh SHIT, this has the potential to be really bad, or really, really hot in the next chapter!" Keep it coming, you're brilliant, and I'm totally hooked!

}}

Your poor cat must hate me... But I'm really glad you're still reading and liking the story! It means a lot when you comment, and I'm always happy to know someone else is also turned on by the crazy things I think up in my mind! ;)

{{: 

YOU CAN'T LEAVE US LIKE THIS AGAIN!!1! lmao, I was so shocked when Snape walked in, I actually had to stop reading and shout a silent OH MY GAWD to the ceiling. I LOVED Harry's impression of Snape! Absolutely PERFECT in every way! I can't decide if my favorite line was Harry correcting his grammar with 'badly' or when he told him to control himself while he was wetting... actually, it's the latter, but those two were my favorite moments! The desperation and wetting was FANTASTIC, by the way. Simply fantastic.

We need an update! I can't even explain how much we NEED and UPDATE. I think i will die if I can't see how Snape reacts to their roleplay. I'm SO excited for your next chapter, and so glad you're sharing this AMAZING story with us. One of the best I've read, and there are some surprisingly great authors on the internet. You are one of them, fer shure.

Update! WE NEED IT.

}}

{{: 

Some other favorite lines: Draco telling Harry to not wet his pants over Snape knowing, and Harry telling Draco that he's acting like an animal in his classroom. So hilarious! And I LOVED the moments when you would refer to Harry as Snape. May I mention again how SPOT ON his impression was? I can't wait to see what's next. I'm so torn between wanting a chapter with sexy tiem, and wanting a chapter that's probably a bit more realistic, in characterization and plot, because I have no idea how Snape would really react to this. Can't wait to hear Harry and Draco's excuses! Muwahaha. Update!

}}

I'm sorry to keep you waiting so long for an update, Ryoku! Thanks for you phenomenal comments--you guys spoil me with the compliments. :wub: I love to know which are your favorite parts, and I hope you haven't dropped dead yet waiting for this next chapter. It really means a lot that you like this story and the writing. I tried to keep the next chapter as realistic as possible--let me know what you think!!

**Thanks to all three of you guys (Wolf, Sunny, Ryoku) for reviewing from the early chapters and giving me such great, enthusiastic support! I wouldn't keep posting without you guys letting me know you're enjoying this, so I'm really grateful to you all! New Chapter in a few minutes!###

*048*2012-05-08 22:47

I'm sorry I've been MIA the past few days, life has been super busy. This chapter and the last weren't in the original version of this story so it's taken me a bit longer to write/edit them. Thanks to Wolf, Sunny, and Ryoku for always commenting and letting me know you're enjoying the story. And, if there are others of you out there reading, let me know! I love to hear that people are still interested, so send me a quick comment if you have the time. Thanks, everyone, and enjoy this next chapter!

Chapter 8

Snape retreated to his office and attempted to process just what it was he had witnessed. One thing was for sure, it was obvious Malfoy had not requested to spend his summer at Grimmauld Place simply to get away from his father. There was much more behind the request, and Potter, of all people, was apparently a main attraction. There was apparently more to their new-found companionship than a friendship formed out of desperation and embarrassment after the detention he had subjected them to.

It was not a rare occurrence for Snape to come upon students impersonating him. He was used to being mimicked by smart-mouthed students who were looking for an easy laugh from their companions or who were carrying a grudge because they had received poor marks on their potions exam. It had become mildly amusing to him, and he was quite intrigued by the plethora of pitiful attempts at inhabiting his demeanor he had stumbled upon. Never had he seen something quite as elaborate as Potter’s imitation, however, and he was unsure whether he should be flattered or concerned that he had somehow stumbled into their sexual fantasies.

He sighed as he sat behind his desk, plotting the proper steps he should take in dealing with his miscreant charges. He pressed his thighs together, the need for the loo a subconscious urge he had long since placed out of his mind. Potter and Malfoy could not simply be sent away to Grimmauld Place with a slight slap on the wrist. The boys needed to be punished. And yet, Snape could not help but allow the image he had walked in on to remain in his mind, the multiple hands pressed into Malfoy’s crotch as he slowly lost control, yelling out apologies to none other than Snape himself. Or, at least, the idea of Snape. He smirked as he re-envisioned the looks of abject fear he had placed onto their faces by announcing his presence; if nothing else he was going to have fun with them. He was going to take advantage of the upper hand he held in the situation.

Potter and Malfoy arrived on-time to his office, knocking gently to announce their presence. Snape, having removed the chairs from in front of his desk in order to force them to stand, ordered them to enter. He did not speak for quite some time, pretending to be busy with grading final exam papers for his first year students as he watched out of the corner of his eye as the boys shifted in the uncomfortable silence. He could not quite tell which of them were more embarrassed: Harry, who had found himself caught imitating Snape during some kind of sexual fantasy, or Draco, who had participated in the game long enough to wet himself.

Glancing up at last, Snape pulled the parchment out from under the papers he was grading, the parchment covered in scribbled lines professing I will not have impure thoughts about my Potions Master. Tapping his finger along the page, he raised his eyes as well as one eyebrow.

“Would either of you care to explain what it was you forced me to witness this afternoon?”

Draco stared at the floor and Harry cleared his throat, but neither boy spoke.

“You were meant to have already departed for Grimmauld Place, were you not, Mr. Potter?”

Harry swallowed and nodded up at the man.

“Yes, sir,” he said quietly.

“I was under the impression you were looking forward to leaving, were you not, Mr. Malfoy?”

Draco’s face was red when he glanced at his godfather.

“I-I was...I am, sir.”

“Then why, pray tell, do you continue to plague me with your presence?”

Neither knew how to answer that question, both fearing what would happen were Snape to pass on information about what he had seen to anyone. Draco was on the verge of a panic attack, just imagining the way Lucius would punish him were he to gain an understanding of what he had done with Harry in the Slytherin Common Room. Once, when he was five years old, his father had found him peeing his pants in the corner of the dining room because he wanted a house elf to visit him and talk to him. He had been punished severely, sent to bed without supper for an entire week; Lucius did not look kindly on any voluntary show of weakness. Draco felt sick to his stomach as the scene from that afternoon replayed in his mind. How could he have let it happen? But when Snape stood from his chair and turned to walk around his desk, Harry gave the blonde’s hand a quick squeeze, and Draco felt he could almost breathe once again.

Snape walked around his desk until he was standing very close to Potter and Malfoy. Taking the parchment of lines from behind his back, he held it in front of them.

“It seems you two are just full of secrets,” he said, pretending to glance over each line in turn. “Although I suppose one would be unable to classify something a secret had the secret-keepers been horrible at hiding their true feelings.”

Harry looked up at that, questioning Snape with his gaze.

“Excuse me, Professor?” he asked.

“Come now, Potter. You didn’t seriously think I was daft enough to miss what was going on in my own classroom, now, did you?”

Harry blushed and Draco breathed heavily, unable to stop thinking about just how sexy Snape’s voice truly was. If he was honest with himself, a part of him liked that Snape had caught them in the act; if he was honest with himself, a part of him had been hoping he would.

“I take a great pride in knowing each of my students...intimately,” Snape drawled, reaching out his index finger to raise Draco’s face by the chin. He stared at the boy, standing tall and lurking over the timid Slytherin. Draco’s lips parted slightly as the boy’s breath caught in his throat at the touch of his Professor.

Releasing Draco’s chin, he took a step closer to Potter, mere inches from the boy. Harry felt himself harden, imagining just what it would feel like to have Snape’s body pressed up against his own. His mouth was dry and his palms were sweaty.

“It has been quite obvious for some time, now,” Snape teased. “Just how...attentive...the two of you have become over the course of the semester.”

Harry nearly gasped when Snape lifted his hand, half afraid he was about to be smacked and half desperate for just that. The man brushed the hair out of Harry’s eyes, parting it just enough to trace the scar on the boy’s forehead with his fingertip. Harry shuddered, closing his eyes in pleasure.

“I’m quite aware of just the type of passion the Boy-Who-Lived holds for Potions, Mr. Potter,” Snape said, leaning down to speak into his ear. “Do not mistake me.”

Harry wriggled in place, unable to keep his hand from darting to the hard-on in his jeans, unable to keep from touching himself as his heart beat uncontrollably. He had half a nerve to pee himself right then, fulfilling every fantasy he had ever clung to about the Potions Master. The immediate gratification would be worth whatever consequences may arise. But he was far too aroused to release his pent-up pee, far too mesmerized by the broad-shouldered man in front of him.

Snape slapped Harry’s hand back to his side in one swift movement.

“You show a surprising lack of discretion, Mr. Potter,” he sneered. “No doubt an implication of your rudimentary upbringing, right, Mr. Malfoy?”

Draco was brought back to reality at the mention of his name, feeling light-headed when Snape turned and stood right in front of him again. The man did not look away, and Draco felt he would be content to stay in the man’s presence forever.

“I was merely suggesting that you know first-hand the benefits of a pure-blood upbringing, do you not?”

“Y-yes, Professor,” Draco said, voice breathy.

Snape walked a slow circle around the boys before standing before them, in front of his desk.

“And what do you think your father would say were he to have witnessed your little role-play earlier today?” he asked. His voice was harsh, without any of the sultriness he had spoken with merely moments before.

Draco blushed violently, arousal dissipating at the first mention of his father.

“Leave his father out of this,” Harry said, confusion apparent in his voice. Both boys were caught in Snape’s trap, blinded by their desire for the man who was apparently toying with them, playing into their fantasies after witnessing them first-hand.

“So you’d rather I mention your little games to Dumbledore?” Snape asked, “I’m surprised, Potter. I know you’d do anything to please Dumbledore. Why, I bet he’s just about the closest thing to a father you have left, is he not?”

Harry felt the anger rise as he took quick steps towards Snape, his fists clenched. How could he feel such blind hatred for a man who fit into his most intimate, desperate desires?

“Careful, Mr. Potter,” Snape warned. “I wouldn’t want to be forced to alter my decision regarding Draco’s summer plans because I was afraid for his safety in light of the temper tantrums his host seems to throw quite often.”

Scowling, Harry took a slow step backwards until he was once again next to Draco.

“You are lucky I don’t put the two of you over my knee for displaying such inappropriate behavior while at school,” Snape spat. “Such animalistic, indecent behavior deserves to be treated with a brutish punishment. Nevertheless, I do not intend to spend my afternoon with snivelling teenagers.”

Harry glared at the man as he insulted them, fighting a desire to spit in Snape’s face.

“As such, you will spend time in the corner to think about your actions. Mr. Malfoy, there, and, Potter, there.” Snape gestured to each side of his office. He turned and walked back behind his desk, sitting quickly and pressing his thighs together as he imagined what was about to happen.

He knew the punishment was uncharacteristic, he just hoped the boys would not question behind sent to the corner like first-years.

“Did I not make myself clear?” Snape boomed, cursing as he stood up fast and was forced to stand completely still in an effort to hold in the contents of his overfull bladder. “Move, or I will begin drafting letters to your guardians!”

The boys turned and walked to their separate corners, their backs towards Snape, who returned to his seated position. He shouted at Potter when he chanced a glance back over his shoulder at the man. Snape found his wand on his desk and placed a silencing spell on himself as he sat back in his chair, spreading his legs slightly.

Having Draco and Potter so close to him, in the same room, caused him to re-live the scene he had witnessed earlier that day. He had been transfixed by the events occurring in the common room, in fact aroused by the detailed scenario he had found himself an audience to. It excited him to think the seventeen year olds had created fantasies about him, and the fullness of his bladder was only serving to intensify the feeling.

Taking a deep breath, he placed a hand on his robes right above his crotch, cupping himself as he tallied the number of hours he had been holding his pee. He figured the last time he had used the loo was the night before, immediately following dinner, which meant he had now been holding his pee for nearly eighteen hours. The pressure was intense, but the heaviness in his bladder was stimulating, and he spread his legs a bit more as he released the first trickle of warm pee into his trousers. He could determine the shamed attitude of Draco and the angered attitude of Harry simply by glancing at their backs, their body language telling him everything he needed to know. He rested his elbows on the arms of the chair as he relaxed once more, releasing a fast jet of urine into the thick, dark layers of fabric he was wearing before forcibly stopping himself.

Closing his eyes, he bit his lip and reached a hand under his robes to finger the small spot of wetness that was forming. Giving his crotch one large squeeze, he spread his legs as far apart as he could while sitting in the chair and released his bladder, immediately hearing a loud hissing as the pee shot against the back of his trousers and began soaking into his flowing, buttoned-up robes. He was grateful he had thought of the silencing charm, as he could not help but moan in pleasure as the wetness made his crotch hot. He gathered more fabric from his robes and bunched it between his legs as the pee trickled down, soaking the backs of his legs and pooling in the wooden chair beneath him. He wanted to get as wet as possible, wanted to feel nothing but a sopping ball of fabric bunched between his muscled thighs.

Groaning, he pissed himself dry, pushing out the full contents of the bladder he had been holding since the day before. He was left sitting in a puddle of his own pee, his robes sopping wet and his trousers beneath nearly saturated in stinking, hot urine.

“You may go,” he managed once he had removed the spells, despite the quiver in his voice.

The boys were barely out of the door before he was doubled over, lifting his robes and shoving down his trousers. Even a silencing charm would not have quieted the screams of pleasure sounding from the dungeon office of Severus Snape.

###

