Mia's desperate game of H.O.R.S.E.

Author: OmoJack

*000*2012-03-29 06:33

Mia's desperate game of H.O.R.S.E.

Mia was awoken this morning by her cell phone vibrating off of her nightstand and onto the floor. She wiped the sleep from her eyes and grabbed it cursing whoever it was for blowing her up. 5 missed calls, 10+ text messages. "I'm popular today", she thought to herself. It was her good friend Andre saying that he was leaving for college the next day and he wanted her to come play some b-ball with him and his little brother. She shot him a quick text about destroying him as usual then climbed out of bed. There was no need to shower if she was just going to get sweaty. So she went to her closet and put on a tight white t shirt and a pair of short white basketball shorts. Mia ran down stairs grabbed her ball and headed to the courts, skipping the ever important morning bathroom trip.

The courts were nearly a mile from Mia's house and about half way there her bladder started to curse her for not emptying it before leaving. Knowing they had a restroom at the courts she wasn't worried about it. Besides after a few more blocks she forgot all about her need to pee anyway. Soon she was crossing the parking lot of the courts and she could see Andre trying to teach his brother his favorite crossover. She immediately started to get emotional realizing this could be the last time she sees Andre for months. "Look at this fool crying about the butt-whoopin I haven't even given her yet!",said Andre. "Shut up and hug me jerk", Mia replied.

"Let's play some ball before we ALL get emotional out here", Andre said tossing the ball to Sean, his little brother. About this time Mia attention was drawn back to the contents of the night before that were still in her bladder as a quick spasm shot through her. "Ok, but I need to use the bathroom real quick".

"Damn, just showed up and already stalling the whooping", Andre told Sean as Mia jogged off to the restrooms on the opposite of the courts. Andre and Sean had just started warming up when Mia made her way back walking funny looking slightly worried, "that was fast", he said. "The bathrooms got vandalized again, the sign says they might not reopen them this time. This sucks I really have pee."

"I don't know why those fools can't leave the bathrooms alone, oh well you can hold it let's play some H.O.R.S.E. so Sean can play and it won't put too much stress on your bladder", said Andre. In any other situation Mia would have refused and proceeded to hunt down a place to relieve herself. Knowing her ability to hold her water when at full capacity was extremely weak, but since she wasn't going to see Andre for awhile she had to hold on for at least a game. So she nodded in agreement and Andre started the game with a simple free throw that fell through no problem.

Sean went second and also made it no problem. Mia should have also made this shot with ease but found it quite difficult while standing with her knees pressed together and back slightly hunched to help her hold on and she missed. "That's a H my friend", said Andre with a large grin on his face. "Shit", Mia said in frustration, more towards her steadily filling bladder than her missed shot. The game continued that way for some time with Andre dominating, Sean in a not so close second, and with Mia not even making a shot. "Damn girl you not looking so hot, you alright?", asked Andre no longer joking around. "Yea, but I have to go like... Now!".

"Oh come on you can finish the game, right?" asked Sean looking disappointed.

"Um, I'm sure I can". Mia said. "I hope I can," she added under her breath.

By the time it was her shot again she had begun dancing a bit uncontrollably. She knew the boys would be watching her but when she looked towards Sean he seemed to be staring towards her backside. At first she was confused but soon remembered his strange perverted obsession he had with girls and their panties. Sean had been caught many times in school and other places trying catch girls undressing or in other situations where he could see their underwear. After Mia remembered this she thought back to her wardrobe choice this morning. She hadn't changed out of the Victoria secret panties she had slept in. Which hot pink and probably completely visible under her thin white basketball shorts in her hunched over state. She was so embarrassed she almost burst into tears rite then and there.

Just then Andre said, "Heads up!"

Unfortunately for Mia that's all she had time for as the ball Andre just passed to her bounced up and her directly in the bladder area. This wall Mia could take as she lost control and her warm pee began to soak through her panties and shorts. A waterfall formed down the inside of her legs and another sprayed outward from the back of her shorts.

Now Andre and Sean both couldn't take their eyes away from the gorgeous derrière of the now bawling Mia. Who was in full squat with her face buried in her hands. She was devastated by the flood of her urine that carried on for a good minute and a half. Nobody wants to embarrass themselves, but for an incredibly shy teenage girl such as Mia with a mile walk ahead of her this could mean future therapy sessions. As the last few drips fell from her now saturated shorts to the Lake Victoria sized puddle under her Andre asked, "You ok, Mia"? "Do I look ok to you?", snapped Mia choking up a bit. "As a matter of fact, you look absolutely fine to me." With that Mia rose to her feet and stormed off heading home. Knowing he said the wrong thing Andre just let her go.

The wet, sticky, and humiliating trek home was almost too much for Mia to manage. She absolutely wanted to die! There aren't many people in this area that don't know her and she knew the ones that were driving past her were either recording or taking pictures of her on their phones. Her accident would probably be a trending topic by tomorrow. She couldn't bear the thought of that at the moment. After what felt like an eternity she finally back home. She went straight to her room to find fresh clothes to change into and a she walked by the mirror on her bedroom door she decided to inspect the damage. The stain was barely noticeable from the front but the entire backside of Mia's shorts as completely soaked and transparent. Mia could easily make out the word "P.I.N.K" across her ass, as could half the town that seen her walking. Once again Mia broke down into tears and gathered her things to take a shower.

The end.

I really hope you enjoy reading this. I really want to write more so all feedback is appreciated!

For a description of this girl go to introduction of Mia

$iframe frameborder="0" data-embedcontent=""

*002*2012-04-03 21:20

I have plans for many more stories, I was just waiting for someone to show sum interest

*007*2012-04-11 06:27

I'm so glad u guys liked this :D

I just began writing episode 2 it should be done soon. Bare with me I'll try to work quickly!

