Omo fairy tales

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2014-06-27 15:42

I wrote moderned and modified short omo versions of the fairy tales, because someone requested a while ago modified Cinderella story (Chapter 2). My english is what it is. So, if someone likes to do so, you are more than welcome to repair and cure these stories better. My descriptions could be little poor and my text not very fairy taleish ;)

Maybe you will find some other stories too (Hansel and Gretel or something like that).

CHAPTER 1:

Little Red Riding Hood

Once upon a time there was a girl named Robin. Her friends called her "Red" or "Hood", because of her long dark red hair and her tend to wear red clothes. Robin had just accepted to college, which was far from her hometown. However, it was the same city, where lived her grandma. On the very next day Robin had arrived to her new campus, she wanted to see her old grandma, who lived on the other side of city.

When she woke up she dressed up her sexy purple red satin bra and knickers. Next she put on her long kneehigh red-white-striped socks and her school uniform. It was short checkered red pleated skirt and white shirt. She finished her breakfast, drank big cup of orange juice and green tea. She checked once again some maps and timetables. Then she put on her black shoes, red college hoodie and took her black leather purse with her. It was time to walk towards the nearest bus station. Robin was nervous and she didn't knew for sure which was her bus stop. She asked and bought same time a bottle of cola at the station. During the bus ride she drank it and realized it might be a mistake. Her bladder wasn't the best part of her body.

Next she had to use subway train. All this was new to her and it mixed her little cute head. She took the first train and it was a wrong one. Soon she understood, that she was late, going to the wrong neighbourhood and desperate to pee. All she could do, was that she called her grandma and asked help. Someone else answered phone. It was a wolfie sounded mans voice. He told her grandma wasn´t able to speak, but he told Robin that she should take a cab and tell to the driver granny´s address. Maybe that answering man was grandma´s male friend or something like that, thought Robin.

So, Robin took a taxi drive. Robin was still worried. She hadn´t that much money with her than taxi drive would cost. Desperation had also highly increased and taxi driver had surely noticed it too. She had to put her hand under her short skirt and press it between her silky thighs. It was so humiliating. Finally cab stopped and left Robin outside. There was a the little yard and little house. Driver stayed waiting if the address was right and he would got his money. Robin walked carefully on the yard towards the big wooden door, when loud barking started. Voice came from big grey dog and it ran quickly towards her.

Robin scared badly. She panicked and peed her panties before she understood anything. Her aching bladder was empty in a minute. Dog still ran around her and jumped against her body. She put her arms in front of her beautiful face and started to cry. Knickers, socks and shoes were soaking wet. And so was the gravel under her standing spot. Taxi driver came to help her and calmed the dog easily. He comforted lovely and tremulous young lady. "Look what your beast did to her, my neighbour!" said granny, while she entered from her house and asked her visitor to take his dog away from her yard.

Granny paid Robin´s taxi journey and opened her home door. She took her young redheaded relative with her in the house. "Oh, my little baby!" said granny and left Robin to her bathroom. "Maybe I have some suitable dry clothes to you my little peepeegirl."

CHAPTER 2:

Cinderella

Once upon a time there was three very much look a like sisters, who lived in the middle of the city in their apartment together. They were all beautiful, curly haired and slim women. Sally and Molly were twins and Cindy was their little younger stepsister. Sally and Molly were already working in the nearby offices, but Cindy was still a student. Cindy was very often out of money and she had to pay her part of the rent by doing all their daily tasks. She hadn´t free time at all. Her older sisters were very mean to her if she was lazy... and when she wasn´t lazy, they were still mean to her.

One day there was a party at the nearby club in the evening. There was a band, that Cindy loved so much. She wanted to go there like her sisters did, but sisters told her not to come, because of the expensive tickets. They ordered Cindy to doing dishes and laundry whole evening. Cindy had called her god mom, who was always nice to her. She was able to do Cindy's tasks and she also promised to pay the club ticket.

After her sisters had left their apartment wearing their best costymes, Cindy dressed on her best and sexiest outfit too. She wore up her light blue silky undies, tank top and her hottiest and tightest light skinny jeans. In the end she put on her feets black high heels with glassy diamonds and took her black purse with her. Parfume smelled nicely when she checked her long hair and pretty face by the mirror. She was ready to rock!

At the club Cindy found out she wasn´t either alone or too early. Queu was very long and waiting was annoying. All that coffee and cider she had drank tried to come out of her tummy. She had to cross and uncross her legs and sometimes keep her knees tightly together. She tried hard not to pee herself before she would be in the club house. When Cindy finally paid her ticket and walked in, first thing was to ask toilet. Nice looking man pointed back of the big hall, where the toilets were. He was affected. What a girl. Like an angel and wow, she really needed to pee. No time for even a little conversation.

There were long lines in front of the toilets too... and her sisters. Band had started and it was almost midnight already. Sisters said that Cindy wasn´t allowed to use club bathrooms. They wanted Cindy out, because she had came in without their permission. Cindy pleased them. She said her god mom paid her in and did all her tasks. Sisters just laughed wickedly, when Cindy tried to pass them. All this was over her limit. All of a sudden piss just came out with big waves. It spreaded through the fabric of her nice looking jeans. From butt cheeks to ankles. "Oh no... Oh no!" Cindy screamed. She tried to keep her purse in front her soaking thighs, but it didn´t covered her accident. Very soon wet, dark and glistening area was bigger than light and dry fabric. Only waist and outer parts of her thighs stayed dry and her high heeled shoes were full of warm pee too. What a show!

Cindy kicked her shoes away and ran through the hall as soon as she could. It was midnight and she had to leave the night club. Same man who had pointed the toilets saw the whole episode. He took up Cindy´s shoes and started to find out who that amazing wet angel was and where she lived. He was owner of the club and he really got good relations and influence to do that.

In the morning Sally and Molly were teasing Cindy, who had laundry day again. Doorbell ringed and Sally opened the door. There was gorgeus club owner with a shoe. He was wondering who was the curly haired girl he met yesterday at the club. His opinion was that all three girls look the same. He told that he would like to go date with one of them. With that one who owned that shoe. Sally tried and Molly tried, but shoe didn´t fit to their feets. Still very humiliated laundry girl Cindy was still in pyjamas. Shoe fit her feet perfectly. Man and Cindy hugged themselves warmly and Cindy relaxed. Man whispered her ear how much he loved such a pissgirls like Cindy.

CHAPTER 3:

Snow White

Once upon a time there was a dormitory on the edge of the little town. There lived seven hard working men. Little men had a little factory and they badly needed cooking and cleaning lady. One day they hired a poor young woman. Her name was Snow. She had black hair and her skin was very pale. White as a snow. She was very beautiful girl in deed, but she needed money as much as men needed a cleaner woman. Snow moved her stuff in dormitory too.

Snow got more money whole time. She spent it buying make ups and clothes. She became more sexy every day. Stockings, tight skirts and coloured label jeans changed day after day on her nice tight body. Expensive tops ans glitter t-shirts showed her perfect curves better than her old dirty clothes.

Their landlord was a woman called Wendy. She was nice looking woman too, but evel. Seven guys called her witch. Wendy the Witch was very soon pissed at Snow, because Snow was so attractive. So pretty she was, that Wendy started to hate her. Wendy thought that if she´d get rid of Snow, she´d get more attention again. Female landlord kindly asked Snow to eat dinner with her. Of course Snow wanted to spend time with girls too. Evel woman mixed sleeping pills and diuretics in Snow´s drinks. Her meaning was that Snow will be sacked, if she won´t appear to work and men will find her totally drunk, messed or passed out.

Well, that is what happened. Snow ate the dinner with Wendy and they had fun time together. She drank Wendy´s mixed drinks and walked home very sleepy after the dinner. Her need to pee was massive. She fainted in front of the dormitory door and pissed her pink skinny jeans. Passed out Snow was still sleeping against outdoor, when those great seven little men came home. They were watching soccer game at the club house whole evening and found their lovely assistant when they arrived back. They carried her to bed and undressed her pissy pink jeans and knickers. What a nice smell it was. Wet denim and parfume she used. One of the guys chose from her box dry, soft and grey cotton panties and they dressed them on sleepy Snow. Then they put blanket on her.

Snow just slept and slept whole night and men were unhappy and uncertain. They didn´t knew what to do and so they called the doctor they knew. In the morning good looking young doctor kissed Snow´s cheek and lips. He couldn´t let that situation sliding away. Suddenly Snow woked up like the power of kiss would have done it. Her big eyes opened and Snow nervously touched with her hand her sheets under her blanket. She whispered: "My prince, what happened? This is so embarrassing... I ... ehhh... I´ve peed my bed!?!"

*007*2014-06-28 18:00

Thanks, Greentea. Story is so lovely! What a co-operation... Maybe you or someone else have time to re-write other chapters too...

