Amyэs Desperate Date

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-01-09 16:55

Her heart raced as she she heard the doorbell ring. She quickly checked herself in the mirror, making sure everything was just right. She had spent hours stressing over what to wear. Everything she chose was either too casual or too smart or didn't match. Finally she had decided on a pair of jeans and a woollen sweater. The way she had stressed over her outfit and hair anyone would think she was going somewhere fancy but she was only going to the cinema. Once she was happy she was looking okay she grabbed her bag and headed to answer the door.

As she walked down the stairs her heart raced faster as she saw the outline of the guy standing outside the door through the glass. She felt really nervous all of a sudden. She had been on first dates before and had felt nervous but usually the first date she was meeting the guy for the first time and getting to know them. This was different. This wasn't just any guy. This was Jack. The guy she had wanted since she was in school. She reached the door and composed herself before opening it. She opened the door and the moment she saw his smile her nervousness vanished. It was the same smile she had spent hours staring at and thinking about all those years ago.

“hey Amy, you ready to go”

“yeah...err....yeah course” she cursed herself for stumbling on her words, her mind had been reduced to a horny schoolgirls as she looked at him. She shook herself back to reality and locked the door and walked down the path after Jack. He opened the door of his car for her and she got in. As she did he told her how nice she looked and she silently screamed in happiness that all the hours of stressing has paid off. He got into the drivers seat and they set off towards the cinema. As they drove along there was an awkward silence at first which she tried to think of something to say, she couldn't handle this all night. “So how have you been” he asked, bringing her out of her thoughts.

“oh good thanks, yourself”

“yeah I been alright, boring week at work really”.

She loved how easily the awkward silence had lifted and how easy the conversation flowed between them. She was too lost in the conversation to notice that they were driving around the city ring road rather than into the city. She made a joke about the cinema being in the other direction and he laughed and said “haha we aren't going to the Odeon, the next viewing there isn't until 10:30, however there is a viewing at the Showcase at 9:00....is that okay with you Miss Sat Nav”.

She giggled and said it was perfectly okay. 15 minutes later they pulled into the car park of the Showcase cinema and found a parking space. They walked in and he said he would go and get tickets. He came back a few minutes later and handed her a ticket. She was getting excited now. They were going to see the final Hobbit film. She had seen the first two and had been looking forward to seeing the last one. When he had suggested going to the cinema and he has mentioned the new hobbit film she had almost screamed yes at him. They went upstairs and joined the queue for food counter.

“what do you want Amy”

“I'm just going to get a drink and some popcorn....anyway I should be asking what you want, you bought the tickets so I will buy drinks and snacks” She replied.

“no you won't, I have brought you out on a date therefore I am paying”. She went to protest but he glared at her and said “Amy Stephenson.....don't you dare argue with me or you won't see the Hobbit, I will just take you home”. She giggled and put her hands up in surrender. “do you want to get a big bucket to share” he asked. She nodded in agreement. They reached the front of the queue and he ordered a big bucket of popcorn and asked what drink she would like. She asked if she could get a large lemonade. He gave the order to the girl behind the counter and she said for only 20p more both drinks could be upgraded to xtra large”. She said just a large was fine but he persauded her to go xtra large.

After many “go on's” from Jack she gave in and said she would have an xtra large. He said okay and paid. He handed her Amy her drink and she was amazed at just how big xtra large was. They went into the screen and found seats. The film had been out a few weeks so it was reasonably quiet and they chose seats in the middle of the back row. They chatted as the adverts played and as was customary every time she came to the cinema she had drunk most of her drink by the time the lights went down and the trailers started. By the time the trailers finished and the film started it was mostly gone. She checked the film stats out of interest to see how long it was. She expected it to be long and wasn't shocked when she saw it was 2 and a half hours long.

As time passed the lemonade she had drunk was working its way through to her bladder and she could feel it filling up. It kept on filling and she was starting to get desperate. She checked her watch. She estimated roughly 20 minutes left. She wasn't bothered she would be able to hold it no problem. Those 20 minutes passed and her bladder continued to fill and swell. By the time the movie finished and the credits started rolling she was busting for a pee. After everyone else had left they stood up and walked down the stairs. Now that she was moving her need didn't seem as bad. They walked out into the foyer and she looked at the toilets. She considered using them but Jack kept on walking and she didn't want to admit her need to him. She wasn't too bothered, she would be able to hold it till Jack dropped her home. They walked across to his car and got in.

As they pulled out of the cinema car park he asked if she wanted anything to eat. She said she was fine and he said “well I'm starving, do you mind if we call at the drive thru on the way back”. She said it was fine and they drove a little down the road and pulled into Mc'donalds drive thru. She looked at the notices as they drove in and saw they were doing an aero mc flurry and asked if she could get one. He pulled up at the speaker and put his order in. He then drove round and paid and then pulled up at the collect window. A girl handed him his order and he asked Amy if she could grab it. She took it and put it on her knee as he pulled round into a parking space. He took his items leaving Amy's mc flurry and a drink. She thought it was his until she saw he already had one. She asked what it was and he said “oh I got you a drink as well....lemonade”.

“oh right...thanks” she said smiling, although as she looked it her thoughts returned to her bladder. She didn't want to seem rude so she started drinking it. They chatted whilst they ate and after nicking a couple of fries she was glad she had a drink, they were so salty. She finished her drink and put her rubbish into the bag. When he finished he walked over to the bin and deposited the rubbish. He got back in the car and they set off. As they drove along she started to regret drinking the lemonade. It was filtering into her already full bladder making her really desperate to pee.

She shifted in her seat and couldn't help fidgeting. He asked if she was okay and she said she was fine. She really didn't want to admit to him that she was desperate for a pee. 5 minutes passed and she was getting more and more desperate by the second. Suddenly he touched her arm and asked “Amy...are you okay, you have gone really quiet and you seem to be fidgeting about like you are uncomfortable or something”. She looked at him and sheepishly said “yeah....yeah I'm fine...I just....erm.....need to pee, all that lemonade is making itself known”. She giggled nervously and he said “oh....erm....are you going to be okay, like....how bad is it”.

She couldn't believe she was talking to him about this. She said “erm....quite bad, im getting pretty desperate....but I will be okay, don't worry, we aren't that far from home”. He looked at her and nodded. She thought she saw a smile on his face but when she looked back he was just concentrating on driving. She concentrated on her bladder. It was now reaching bursting point and she felt like she was going to wet herself. She could hold it until she got home....she had to, she couldn't wet herself in front of Jack....not again. As she thought about how mortifying it would be to have an accident in front of him again her mind suddenly remembered something. The last time she had wet herself in front of him she had been embarrassed but then he had said something, something that had stuck with her.

Four little words that had racked around in her mind. He had said “that was so sexy”. She had wondered what he had meant by that. Was the fact she had wet herself sexy? Was it just because it was her? Was he into seeing people do that kind of thing? All these questions had filled her head and drove her crazy. She had decided that it was just a passing comment and it was just because he was drunk and it was her. Although....she had just caught him looking at her legs which were jiggling in desperation. He kept glancing at her bouncing and wiggling. She could swear she kept him seeing him smiling slyly to himself. What if he did like seeing her like this? She suddenly had a thought. He was the one who had insisted she have an xtra large drink....he was the one who had bought her another drink at the drive thru. Was he trying to get her desperate. Her mind was swimming with questions and theories. She had to know for sure.

“can you hurry up Jack, I really really do need to pee” She said this and placed her hands in her crotch. She wanted to gauge his reaction. He looked at her and replied “oh yeah, don't worry”. She tried a few more things but he really didn't seem interested and just seemed concerned for her. She moaned as a wave of desperation washed over her and she pressed into her crotch. She was now absolutely bursting and needed to pee soon. They were only 10 minutes from her house....she had to hold on, she used to everything she had to hold it back. As they got nearer she suddenly felt her knickers dampen as it began to trickle out of her pee hole. She moaned as it continued trickling out in little drips. Suddenly and without warning a leak escaped into her knickers. She gasped out and Jack looked at her. “whats up...Amy?, you ok?”.

“I can't hold it much longer Jack, I don't think I can make it home, you need to stop somewhere”. She said to him in utter desperation.

“erm....yeah ok erm....i was going to get petrol after I dropped you off but I can go their first, they have a bathroom there don't they?”.

“I think so” she replied. They drove along and with each passing second she felt like she was about to completely lose control. She no longer cared about being dignified in front of Jack. She was bouncing and grabbing herself desperately trying to stop the leaks. They pulled into the forecourt of the petrol station and pulled up next to the pump. She got out of the car and stopped dead as she felt like she was going to lose it. She crossed her legs and held herself tight. She managed to gain control and hurried across towards the shop. She dashed inside and headed towards the back where the toilet was. With each step she took she felt little trickles dripping into her knickers. Her bladder was pushing down hard on her pee hole. She ran towards the toilet door and grabbed the handle and pushed. She collided with the door. She tried the handle rapidly urging it to open. She grabbed herself, cursing whoever was in there. Then she noticed the sign.

“Between the hours of 11pm and 8am this toilet will be locked, please ask attendant for key”

She moaned and turned round and headed for the counter. There was a guy stood paying for his petrol. She stood behind him and grabbed herself, pee dancing on the spot. She felt her knickers getting wetter as leaks escaped past her aching pee hole. She felt her fingers dampen and realised it must have soaked through to her jeans. They guy finished up and left. She leant on the counter and asked for the key to the bathroom. The guy looked behind the counter and said “i know its here somewhere”.

“oh god please hurry, I have to pee so bad” she said, pleading with him. He handed over a small key on a chain and she took it shouting thank you as she dashed back to to the toilet. She reached the door dancing uncontrollably, urging her bladder to hold just a bit more. She fumbled with the key, her hands shaking in desperation. The key slid in and just as she turned it and unlocked the door a huge wave of desperation flooded her body causing her to lose control for a moment. Pee gushed into her knickers and ran down her legs. She grabbed herself tight stemming the flow. She dashed inside and slammed the door behind her.

She fumbled with her belt as spurts shot into her knickers. She was literally wetting herself inches from the toilet. She couldn't believe it. She managed to get her jeans undone and quickly pulled them down and pulled her knickers down. The moment her knickers were out of the way her bladder let go. Pee came gushing out and she quickly moved back and sat on the toilet. A huge wave of relief washed over her as her bladder emptied in a poweful stream into the toilet. She let out a sigh and enjoyed the wonderful feeling.

When she finished peeing she stood up and examined the damage. Her knickers were soaked and her jeans had wet streaks running down the legs. There was no way she could hide it from Jack. She dried them as best she could and went outside. She walked to the counter and saw Jack standing there paying for his petrol. She slid the key across the counter and the guy thanked her. She then walked outside and stood next to the car. Jack came out and looked at her and asked why she was stood out in the cold. She felt so embarrassed.

She told him her jeans were a little wet and she didn't want to get in the car with them. He looked at her and said “why are they wet, what did....oh”. A look of realisation spread across his face as he understood why they were wet. He said it was okay and told her to get in. She got in and looked out of the window. She couldn't look at him. She wondered why they weren't setting off and turned round to find Jack staring at the wet streaks on her jeans. “JACK” she said suddenly bringing him back to reality.

“what....yeah....sorry....erm.....right lets get you home”.

They pulled out of the petrol station and set off down the road. Everytime she looked round at him he was glancing at her legs. By the time they pulled up outside her house it was driving her mad. She needed to know once and for all.

“Jack?....why do you keep staring at my legs? She asked him.

“I..i....i'm sorry, I can't help it”

“why, what's so fascinating about my legs”.

“nothing....no no....just.....erm......”

“and last week after I wet myself you said “it was so sexy” what did that mean?

“erm.....its just that I....well I erm......Look Amy, I like you....a lot, okay, and I don't want to weird you out and ruin this”.

“how would you weird me out” she asked, thinking she now knew the answer”

“the reason I said it was sexy and the reason I keep looking at your legs, some people find it weird and I don't want one of them to be you”.

She felt sorry for him, he was obviously embarrassed about telling her, and if it was what she thought it was she would find him anything but weird. She placed a hand on his leg and said “Jack, I want the truth, is the reason that you find, people being desperate or people wetting themselves attractive....a turn on if you will”.

He looked at her and sighed and said “okay, Yes....yes, I find it attractive, I don't know why, I just do, there is something so beautiful about a women when she needs to pee.....see I told you it was weird”. She laughed. He looked at her in shock and said “oh well thanks, thanks for being understanding”. She couldn't say anything. She just leant forward and kissed him. They kissed long and hard before breaking apart. He looked at her and said “what...why did you do that”.

She smiled at him and said “oh Jack, there is something you need to know about me, something im sure you will like”

To Be Continued......

*004*2015-01-10 19:53

{{:

Ooh, this story just keeps getting better :-)

}}

Thanks :)

{{:

Ooh, the suspense! Another excellent one that I'm sure we've all been looking forward to - a great description of the desperation and wetting almost subtly worked into the development of the storyline. Can't wait to find out what happens next!

}}

Hee hee, glad you are enjoying, hopefully now i have time i should be able to post chapters more often

{{:

Pleeeeease do continue!

}}

Oh i will be doing, i have another couple of chapters lined up

*008*2015-01-29 14:37

{{:

Oh my god, that was awesome... Thank you so much, this story is amazing and you're amazing too :D

}}

Awwww thanks :)

{{:

Very nice chapter here keep up the good work.

}}

Thanks, i will do :)

