Sailor Scouts's Fair Day

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-03 01:10

I'm using their Japanse names for this, and I know I misspelled their last names... And it's also kinda long....

"It'll be fun going to the fair! It'll take our minds off stress and we'll relax, too." Makoto Kino said. She stared up at the ceiling, propping her feet up. She took out her green scrunchie and her messy brown hair fell loose to her shoulders. She put it up again. "Plus, the Outer Scouts can come with us. They are often busy." Minako Anio sighed. She flipped her waist-lenth golden hair. She fixed the bright red bow that always hung crookdly in it.

"And fair food! Deep fat-fried in pure goodness!" Usagi Tuskino imanged the possiblties. "Hamburgers, corn-dogs, pretzals, ice cream cones-" Her eyes lit up. "And, those giant sodas they always serve. Me and Hotaru-chan are going to share one!" Chibiusa's eyes lit up. She was the youngest Sailor Scout, being 9. The girls had begged her not to drink the whole soda herself, because she still had some small bladder problems. "Well, we should get some rest. That way, we'll have lots of energy for tomomorow!" Makoto said. The girls nodded in agreement.

###

The Outer Scouts were already alseep in their mainsion, far from the giggly Inner Scouts. Haruka Tenouh was dreaming that she was winning at the dunk tank. She was extremly good at sports, so she threw the ball as hard as she good and the water splashed and slooshed on her. It was awfully warm, but that was probably because the sun had spent all day warming it. Haruka picked up Hotaru so she could try, and Hotaru hurled the ball at the tank. The water rained onto them, but it was almost boiling hot. Hotaru giggled.

Haruka woke up, knowing it was just a dream. She looked at her bed-side clock-3:18 am. She sighed and tried to fall alseep, but she still felt hot. She felt her head and her neck, but the warmth wasn't coming from her face. She yanked the blankets off her bed and found out what happened... she had wet the bed. She started breathing heavy, because an 18 year old shouldn't be wetting the bed unless they were sick.

But Haruka needed to get some sleep, so she placed a heavy blanket on top of the wet spot and fell asleep again.

###

"Wow! Look how amazing it is!" Usagi breathed. Her eyes were bright and shiny, just as they always were when she was happy. The morning wind felt cool and light on her cheeks.

She was dressed in beige shorts, a white puffy blouse, and a light blue jumper over her blouse. Her sandals were blue to match her jumper. The girls needed to dress casully and comfterbly today. She had white bows in her blonde, to the floor pigtails. Chibiusa was dressed in a white, dark blue and black checkered dress with a matching bow in her shoulder-lenth pink hair. Her shoes were polished black Mary-Janes with white lacy socks.

She was slurping a slushy in a very annoying way. "Don't drink too much. You still can't handle all those liqueds. Let me have a drink." Usagi tried to grab the cup from her, but Chibiusa pushed her off. "My bladder will be fine Usagi. Shouldn't you be worried about yours?" She smirked. Makoto, Rei, Ami, and Minako came up behind her. Makoto was dressed in an orange wind-breaker, a matching hat, blue jeans, a yellow shirt, and white sneakers. Ami's looked more formal. She was dressed in a pink sweater, a blue skirt that reached her knees, and brown penny loafers. She had a blue bow on her sweater.

"Aren't you hot, Ami-chan?" Minako asked, surprised. Ami shook her head. "I can always drink water if I get thristy." Usagi noticed someone was missing. Actually, 4 somebodys. "Where's Haruka-san, Michiru-san, Sutsana-san, and Hotaru-chan?" The girls shrugged. "Probably running late."

###

Usagi started by eating 2 cheeseburgers before doing anything else, and, since it was so hot, 4 grape slushies. Chibiusa groaned. "Stop being such a pig. Let me have something to drink, too." She took her place in line and Usagi pulled her right out. "You just had 3 bottles of water and a slushy 5 minutes ago. Don't you need to pee?" Chibiusa giggled. "Usagi, it's a hot day! The fuilds are being turned into sweat, not urine!" She got one of those massive fair cups with soda in it. "Better let me have half." Usagi ripped it away and slurped it purely to drive Chibiusa mad. "Let's go on the Tilt-A-Wirl!" Chibiusa pointed.

She smirked at the thought of Usagi barfing on all those poor fair-goers. "Alright, but the line better be short. I really have to go to the bathroom." Usagi crossed her legs. Chibiusa smiled evily. This was going to be good, she thought.

###

"It's hot! Where's Chibiusa-chan?" Hotaru Tomue asked. She was dressed in a purple-pink tutu, white sneakers with hearts on the side, and a yellow sweater. She was being carried by Michiru. "Maybe they went on ahead without us. Maybe you should look for her." Michiru Kaioh let Hotaru out of her arms, and the black-haired girl rushed off. Michiru smoothed her aquamirine hair. She was dressed in a magneta dress that went down to her knees with a white belt tied around the center. The belt was really hard to undo, though.

"Should we really let her run off like that? She might get in trouble." Haruka asked. She was hoping Michiru didn't notice her shaking voice. "She'll be fine. She's survived tough battles, so she can surivie one day at a fair."

###

Chibiusa felt a tug at her bladder and ignored it. "Look Usagi-chan! We are almost to the front of the line!" Usagi still kept her legs crossed. "Goody." The opratoer let them on and Chibiusa picked one she knew shook and rattled the most. "Usagi-chan, when the ride starts moving, don't think about that greasy fair food you ate, alright?" Chibiusa kept her hands in her lap to ease the growing pressure. Usagi nodded. "But my bladder hurts a lot. How long is the ride?" Chibiusa actually felt bad for her. But it was too late to get off because the operator had already turned the crank.

Chibiusa sighed. She tried crossing her ankles and nothing worked. The ride started jerking and cranking. It jerked to the left harshly, and Chibiusa felt a hot spurt come out. She grabbed her crotch to prevent more. Usagi tried to grab her crotch, but her hands felt warm immeditly. She closed her eyes and felt the warmness grow more and more, running down her legs and forming a pool on the metal seat. There was also a puddle at her feet. The girl started crying. Chibiusa really felt bad for her, so she let go of her bladder control and her checkered dress grew dark. A puddle turned her lacy socks a rusty shade of yellow. Chibiusa tapped on Usagi and smiled.

"You peed yourself to make me feel better?" Usagi asked, rubbing tears from her eyes. Chibiusa smiled and nodded. "Let's hope Haruka-san and Michiru-san don't see. They'll call us babies for sure!" Usagi giggled. "Or tell us that we need diapers!" Chibiusa giggled. The two girls said at the same time: "Or ask us if we want our bottles because we are baby princesses!" They couldn't contain their giggling.

###

Hotaru rushed back to her parents, crying. "I haven't found Chibiusa-chan yet! And it's so hot! Can I get something to drink?" The sweat on her forehead mixed with her tears and made her eyes burn. Michiru scooped her up. It was mostly to ease pressure. "Sure, but don't get too much." Hotaru nodded happly, the tears still shining on her face along with the sweat. "I'll take her." Sutansna stood up and led the girl away. Hotaru seemed awfully giggly.

"Haruka, you seem worried. Is something wrong? Is it too hot for you?" Michiru touched her lover's hand. She hoped Haruka didn't notice her despration, even though Michiru had her legs crossed now. "Nothing's wrong. It's just hot." Michiru saw a playful spark in Haruka's eyes.

"And it's also really easy to get dehydrated. You should keep drinking water." Michiru smiled. She knew excatly what Haruka was trying to do to her, and she didn't mind it. She just liked to play it at home and not in front of random strangers. "Okay, but I want to go on the ferris wheel first." Michiru tugged on Haruka's arm. "Ouch! I don't like it when you pull me like that!" Michiru giggled. "I know. We should hurry before the line gets too long."

###

Hotaru noticed Chibiusa's soaked dress and socks. She turned her head to watch an overly-dressed little girl crying. Hotaru noticed a stream coming from between her legs. "How was the ride?" Sutsana Menioh asked. She obiuvsly noticed the stained clothes, otherwise she wouldn't have asked. Chibiusa shrugged. She looked at Usagi's clothes. "Um, someone above us spilled a frozen lemonamde on us. Our clothes are still sticky and wet." She winked at Usagi. The afternoon sun lay high in the sky, making the girls sweat more.

###

Michiru was hoping the ride would just end, because she really couldn't handle more pressure. She could tell Haruka was eating this up. "Is it over?" Michiru playfully asked. She looked over the top of her car to notice that the car had stopped at the top. "Ugh, we have to wait. Maybe even 10, or 15, maybe even 20 minutes." She moved closer to Haruka. "Maybe you should drink something else because we are so close to the sun." Michiru knew that was the stupiest thing ever. She playfully took the bottle from Haruka as a trick, then poured it all out below. "Oops, I lost control!" Michiru couldn't stop giggling now.

She dropped the bottle onto the ground below, but she used both hands to throw it further. The wheel jerked then, and she almost lost control. She crossed her ankles and held her crotch. "I'll do it if you do." Michiru always knew her girlfriend listened to her, but not now. "Come on, for me? I'm pretty close to bursting!" Michiru moved even closer to Haruka. "Please?" she asked louder. Michiru felt warm. "Postive you don't want to? Because I'll stop the flow." The ferris wheel started up again. Michiru let the fuild flow. By the time they were off, she was compleatly soaked. She kissed Haruka. The blazing twilight sun laid low in the sky, melting down under the carosal.

###

"How did today go for everyone?" Minako asked. She and Makoto had made banana cream pies for everyone while they watched the fireworks. Usagi and Chibiusa were stuck and stiff in their now dry clothes. "Someone spilled a slushy on us." Chibiusa lied again. Hotaru sipped some of her juice. "I saw a girl in a fancy dress today." She didn't add what the girl was doing. "Me and Haruka played a game." Michiru giggled. Her dress was stiff on her too, so between that and the tight belt, she had gotten a bad stomach pain. "Maybe we should talk about something else." Ami stated plainly.

After the fireworks display, the Inner Scouts and Outer Scouts all got into the right cars. Usagi and Chibiusa sat in the back of Makoto's car so nobody could tell their clothes were soaked. "You guys peed yourselves on the Tilt-A-Wirl." Minako leaned into the back and stated. Usagi shrugged. "You figured it out." Minako made a sick face. "You guys are disgusting."

Hotaru was trying to read a book in the dim light, then decided on something more amusing. "Haruka-papa, Michiru-mama, what did you do today?" Hotaru knew what the answer was, but she never tired of hearing it. "Haruka played a game with me and I lost control on the ferris wheel," Michiru would answer. At first she was giggly, and now she was annoyed.

###

The girls all went to their sepereate houses and fell alseep as soon as they hit the pillow. It was well over mindnight. They were thinking about how fun and wet their day was. They all thought: "We should do this more often."

*002*2011-03-03 21:01

{{: 

It wasn't a bad story. My only criticism is that the story was really jumpy and rushed.

}}

It's jumpy to show the passage of time so you know how long each girl had to wait, and what other girls were doing. What seemed rushed about it?

*005*2011-03-04 00:02

Okay-still not quite sure what to fix though.... and I said at the top I was using their Japanse names for this!

Usagi-Serena

Chibiusa-Rini

Ami-Amy

Rei-Raye

Makoto-Lita

Minako-Mina

Haruka-Amara

Michiru-Michelle

Sutsana-Trista

Hotaru-Hotaru

Those are their North Amriecan names. :)

*007*2011-03-04 12:02

I actually added some that look like this ### and used some dilogue that showed how their day passed.(The morning wind)

