Let It Out

Author: BuffaloGuy

*000*2021-01-22 05:11

This is my first story, so let me know if there is anything I can improve on, and if I should do a part two.

Part 1: Springing a Leak

Sarah was a normal 17 year old girl living in California. She was an attractive blonde with a nice ass that got many stares. Small but perky B-cup breast, and she got a lot of attention from boys. She lived a normal life with friends and popularity.

That night had been a long one, as she had a lot of homework to do, and as such was tired going right to sleep when she was done. She had been drinking a lot of water did to the sweltering California heat. She hadn’t relieved herself in nine hours, but decided to ignore the twinge in her bladder and head to bed.

’Let it Out’

Sarah has fallen asleep, but was dreaming and though she was awake while in a dream. Sjrwas desperate for a pee, as she hadn’t gone for a while, and couldn’t sleep with the stress on her bladder.

’Aren’t you tired of holding it. Wouldn’t it be much better to just let your tired bladder muscles relax. You’ll feel much better afterwards.’

This was true, Sarah was tired of holding it. She was keeping in soo much liquid, and there was no reason to. It just made sense to release it. Sarah let go, but years of bladder control made it difficult, and only a spurt escaped.

Sarah began to stir and wiggle in her sleep.

’Let it out, it’s okay. It doesn’t make you weak for not holding it. Why hold on when letting go would make you feel so much better.’

At that Sarah let go, and her muscles relaxed. At the same time, she woke up.

She noticed a warm feeling between her legs, and then it hit her what it was.

”Shit”, she said, closing her legs to stop further damage.

She then noticed an agonizing pain in her bladder.

“Oh my god, I have to pee so bad.”

She jumped out of bad doing everything in her power to hold her bladder and waddle to the bathroom careful not to move to fast. When she saw the toilet, her bladder gave way as she peed into her panties for two more seconds before getting them down and finishing in the toilet.

“AHHHHHH” Sarah said gasping for air at the glorious nature of the release.

She peed for nearly a minute and a half, as 12 hours worth of liquid poured into the toilet.

When she was done, she looked down to inspect the damage. Her pink panties were soaked, and there was even a golf ball sized wet spot on the crotch of her pants. While it was close, Sarah had made it to the bathroom. She then stuck her sodden panties deep in the hamper to make sure her parents didn’t find out, and went back to bed feeing it would dry by the morning.

“At least it wasn’t a complete accident.” Sarah said, vowing to take greater precautions the next day.

End of Part 1

