Something That Definitely Probably Happened

Author: Aloe

*000*2020-01-14 02:38

I thought I’d take an unconventional approach to an omorashi anthology. This is the prologue, please let me know what you think!

###

Prologue:

Let me share some fun facts with you. There are approximately 7.82 billion people in the world. Specifically, 7,757,304,035 people, last time I checked. That’s a lot right? That’s approximately 7,800 millions. Have you ever counted to 1 million before? How about 7,800? Exactly. 7.8 billion is a big number. It’s a massive number actually; so massive in fact, that it would take you approximately 31 years, 251 days, 7 hours, 46 minutes, and 40 seconds just to count to 1 billion, at the rate of 1 number every second, on average. Most of us would literally die trying.

So that begs the question: how did I do it? No, it’s not because I can count really fast. I’m actually one of the slowest people I know. I’d be late to my own funeral, assuming I died on time. No, I’m just good with numbers. Really good, if I can flatter myself for a moment. Statistics are a breeze for me; fun even, if you can believe that. So much fun that I graduated with a masters in marketing and a bachelors in statistics by the time I was 22.

I didn’t have much of a social life, and I really didn’t need one. I was singularly fascinated with how you could enumerate and then monetize human behavior, based on something as simple as a demographic. Example: out of the approximately 76 million college students in the United States, 22% of all of their beverage consumption is coffee. Not surprisingly, there’s a Starbucks on every campus I’ve ever been to.

Never do something you’re good at for free they say. So I founded the world’s largest statistics and analytics company, DMG Analytics. Because let’s be honest, compiling numeric profiles on 7.82 billion people is a lot of work for one guy, despite my affinities. We collect and compile valuable consumer data for large companies across the globe, using state of the art software that I co- designed and patented. We can get specific, very specific, and that’s a huge asset in this industry. Retail, big tech, you name it; we make sure our clients are reaching their number one customers. We do the numbers, so you don’t have to.

So why am I bothering you on a fetish website? Well first of all, I hope I’m not bothering you. If I am, well at least you learned something about coffee and college students. But I’d like to think I have more to bring to the table than a few fun facts. What I bring is decisive probability; likely outcomes, based on facts and collected data. What better way to think about desperate guys and gals than in a “big picture” kind of way? I’m sure some of you can appreciate that.

Let me share another fun fact with you. Out of 7.82 billion people on the planet, 327 million are in the United States. Out of 327 million individuals in the US, 13 million have had an accident so bad, they had to tell someone about it; in fact, only 15% of that 13 million are men, the other 85% are women (sorry ladies, our lines just aren’t as long). If you consider that all surveys only have a 30-40% response rate, that means there could be upwards of 20 million men and women who gambled and lost, but just aren’t willing to take a weird survey. That’s a lot of people having accidents, when you think about it.

I’d say it’s safe to say that the likelihood of any number of omorashi related fantasies and fictions actually happening is fairly high at this point. You may never have seen an accident, but think about how often you get desperate, either on purpose or by accident. What are the odds that that’s happened to someone else, out of billions of people? Very high, I’d say. Maybe yesterday, maybe two weeks ago. But someone, somewhere, has had an accident recently. Someone’s crush has definitely probably been desperate and wet herself in front of their secret admirer. A hot teacher has definitely probably squirmed behind her desk, counting the seconds till the bell rings so she can speed walk to the nearest staff bathroom, only to wait in line, shuffling her feet as she tries to keep her composure. These things happen more often than you’d think.

I’m speaking from a straight guy’s perspective, who has no personal desire to see other men desperate. To each their own. But regardless of orientation, I’ve been desperate before, just like you’ve been desperate before; it happens to everyone, everywhere, all the time. We’re all statistics, technically speaking. But one thing I’ve learned over time is that every number has a story, as vivid and real as your own day to day life; a sort of perverted iteration of sonder, if you will. That’s 12 million people, at a minimum, with a very vivid story of an embarrassing, messy accident.

Which is why I created “the survey.” It started off as a fun little side project, for shits and giggles. Write a little survey, maybe even monetize contributions to incentivize participants, post it on the right website with the right demographics, and see what happens. A “fire and forget” sort of thing. But when I launched a trial run on a water-sports forum..... wow. You wouldn’t believe how gleefully people will tell detailed stories of their most embarrassing bathroom failures, if you throw in some money for their troubles.

I’ll say this: 12 million was an amatuer number. One contract with Pornhub later, and 115 million people a day view my paid survey. With a 10% monthly participation rate, that means 11.5 million people a month fill my inbox with sensational bathroom accident stories and experiences that definitely probably happened, from some of the most willing participants you’ll find: horny men and women, motivated to tell the best story possible.

This is the story of their stories. I say it was worth every penny, but I’ll let you decide that for yourself.

*003*2020-01-14 16:30

{{9 hours ago, Jörmungandr said:

This sounds very promising, I'm looking forward to reading more!

}}

Thank you!! I already have a few stories already in progress. I’m going to try posting the first one today, stay tuned!

*005*2020-01-14 16:36

{{1 hour ago, LivingOmo said:

Thats incredible.

You’re also an incredible writer, you know that?

}}

You know, that means a lot to me. Thank you very much I used to do a lot of vanilla writing back in the day, just no where to post it

*006*2020-01-14 16:42

{{2 minutes ago, mypeesecret said:

Yeah, this definitely sounds really interesting. Can’t wait for some unique stories!

}}

Thank you, I’m looking forward to it too! I can’t promise they’ll all be unique though. Out of 11.5 million stories, we’re bound to get a few repeats

*007*2020-01-14 17:19

Question: How many of you would like to see male desperation?

My main focus will always be female desperation, but it would make sense to include male desperation, considering the context.

*009*2020-01-14 22:30

{{1 hour ago, Girlwhowaited said:

This sounds like a very interesting story! And so far very well written.

Personally I dont have a preference for either male or female. I will enjoy both.

}}

Thank you for your feedback

*010*2020-01-15 03:47

Interlude:

As you can imagine, I have a lot of data to work with. To be honest, it’s almost too much, even for me. Well, almost too much. I believe you can never have too much of a good thing, only a surplus, which will be tapped in due time. The real challenge lies with managing this surplus.... discreetly. After all, I'm a high profile within the industry, and trust me when I say there’s a lot of people that would like to knock me off the top and get a piece of the pie chart. Fortunately, they’re all clueless, and I have state of the art software capable of sorting and analyzing millions of data entries a second with the click of a button. What else am I supposed to do with this fancy toy?

To make this project more manageable, I’ve taken the liberty of sorting the results into various categories, based on major denominators and key relevant demographics, such as scenario, age, occupation, etc. You know, all the boring shit that you didn’t care about till right now. Did you know that 50% of all accidents happen at home? Just kidding, it’s more like 27%; people just get too comfortable I think. So what accounts for the other 73%? Let’s start here:

Sample 1: Commuter Desperation

Because of the sheer diversity of commuter options, I thought I might start here. It looks like approximately 23% of all accidents happen during some sort of commute from point A to point B. Major contributing factors include:

- the lack of restroom availability,

- the length of time one remains unavailable, and of course,

- the occasional lack of social pressure to not piss yourself in the privacy of your own car.

*Fun fact: If you wet yourself in a car, and no one’s around to see it, does it still count? Of course it does, don’t be silly; the advantage is that you never have to tell anyone about it. Unless it’s a rental, then you’re contractually obligated. 10% of commuter accidents owed a hefty cleaning fee.

I programed the DMG bot to filter through all travel and commuter related incidents, and had him isolate accounts based on length, diversity of vocabulary, and grammatical correctness. After isolating 2.4 million quality entries, DMG bot sorted them based on transportation method, and randomly selected 1 account from each group, within 3 selected age brackets (for those of you that like diversity). Without further delay, let’s begin!

Naomi M.

Age: 24

Sex: Female

Height: 5’9”

Build: Athletic, slim (if I do say so myself)

Race: Caucasian

Occupation: Sous- Chef

The Incident: I never would have thought that I would be telling this story to anyone, anywhere, ever. But here we go, maybe it’ll feel good to get it off my chest. I work as a kitchen assistant in a very busy restaurant. I love cooking, and I worked my ass off to get to where I’m at today. Men leering at me and talking down to me, it’s bullshit. They’re all afraid of me though, so that’s kind of nice. With that being said, I’m very used to holding my pee. A kitchen is a very fast paced environment, and sometimes you just need to cross your legs and squirm your way through the shift. It happens a lot, and I’m sure if my clothes were any tighter, I’d have men leering at me for a different reason.

On this particular day, I had to pee fairly bad. Maybe like a 7-10. I have a strong bladder, but not a lot of room for it to grow. I have a very tight core, so I tend to start squirming pretty quickly. I was at the legs crossing stage, where I wasn’t full on squirming like a weirdo, but I definitely didn’t look comfortable. I never look comfortable in the kitchen though, so it wasn’t too bad.

It just so happened that I had ordered a dress at my favorite department store, and it was ready for the in store pickup; but because it was a weekend, they closed a few hours early. I needed that freaking dress, I had waited more than a week for it to show up, and I’m a very impatient person. Not entirely thinking straight, or maybe it was a matter of prioritizing, I decided to skip the bathroom trip before I left, and head over to the store.

By the time I got to the store, it was 30 minutes till closing time, and I knew that I had to get in there, try my stuff on, and buy the shit before I got locked out. The lines would take at least 10 minutes to get to the front of the queue, and by the time I got back to the store, they’d be shutting down.

I walked into the store, probably at like an 8- 10. Like I said, I’m a bit of a squirmer, so I thought it would be wise to keep moving as to not attract undue attention. I went to the back of the store where the hold items for pickup, and they had me wait there while they got it. I had to stand there for maybe 5 minutes or so, trying not to make a scene. But at some point I couldn’t help it.

Bonus points for description right? Well, I had taken my chef outfit off, and I was in my sweats and a workout top. I looked pretty good to be honest, and I think the guy several spots behind me was checking me out. Well he sure got a show. At about the 2 minute mark, I had to start moving around, I couldn’t keep my composure anymore. I wasn’t so much embarrassed as I was annoyed, but I had to start stutter stepping from foot to foot, putting one foot in front of the other, that kind of thing. At one point I crossed my legs pretty tightly and twisted around a little bit. The guy behind me was blushing, it was pretty cute.

I got my dress and I left. I went to the bathrooms, waddling stiffly with my dress in hand, and there was a line of other ladies about 10 deep. I grabbed my crotch as a wave of need rushed over me, and I squirmed on the spot. There was no way I would be able to make it to the front without pissing all over myself. You would’ve liked that wouldn’t you?

I waddled my way out of the store and got to my car, pee dancing as I search for my keys. I was jogging on the spot, I was pretty desperate by this point. Easily a 9-20.. I lived about 20 minutes away from the store, so I knew it would be a long drive. I didn’t want to pee in the car, so I figured I would stop at the coffee shop on the way home. “It should still be open,” I thought.

I got in the car and immediately grabbed my crotch. God I had to pee. I wiggled my hips and pressed my ass into the chair, doing a full on seated potty dance. You would’ve enjoyed it, but I was definitely not at this time. I did not want to pee myself in my car, I was still paying it off. At least they were leather seats, but I didn’t want to think about that. I just wanted to go home and pee. In a toilet, not my sweats.

Every single red light that I hit was killing me. I had to raise my thigh up to stop the pee from coming out. I must’ve looked like a crazy woman, bouncing her legs and rocking back and forth. But that look on my face was definitely one of desperation. I had to pee so freaking bad, I definitely looked worried. It showed on my face as I blew through my lips, anxiously tapped the steering wheel, and grasped my crotch as I moaned aloud, trying to ease the pressure. My only solace was that I could squirm and wriggle in privacy, rather than in front of gawking strangers.

I was frantic by the time the plaza was in view. I felt tremendous relief, but also incredible anxiety as I pulled into the parking lot. I needed to pee now, or I would piss all over my car. Obviously, no one else got the memo. As I neared the coffee shop, I noticed to my horror that all nearby parking was taken. The closest parking was several rows away.

I tried getting out of the car and spurted instantly. I felt it roll down my leg in my form fitting sweats, and a wet spot formed on my crotch. I grabbed myself and double crossed my legs, trying to keep it all in. There was no way I was going to make it all the way to the shop without pissing myself in front of everyone, I needed to sit down.

I sat back down in the car and contemplated my options. The smart thing to do would be to just go behind the building and pee next to my car. But I’m a prideful girl, and I knew I needed an actual toilet, and nothing else. I turned the car back on again and started driving home.

But I’m an idiot because I didn’t get very far. As I left the parking lot, there was a dip in the road, and a massive spurt gushed out of me and soaked my ass. It’s a very nice, toned ass mind you. You would like it even if it wasn’t wet. But yeah, that was the beginning of the end. I made it about 3 more stop lights, squirming like a mad woman as pee seeped out of me and soaked my ass while I clenched and wriggled and did that cute squirming pee dance that ladies do when they didn’t get a potty break.

I was stupid, so I pissed myself in my car. I got to the next stoplight, and this wave of pressure just came over me. I clenched, and squeezed, willing the light to turn green. But it didn’t, and I was out of time. I said “fuck it,” and just let go. Warmth spread over my ass cheeks, and poured over the sides of the chair. I heard it pouring and hitting the ground as I just sat there panting and sighed with relief. I must’ve peed for at least 40 seconds or so, because I sat there for a long ass time, just straight pissing myself.

I drove another 10 minutes home from there. It was a little uncomfortable, but I felt more relieved than anything to be honest, especially since no one was around to see it. I got home, wiped everything up with a towel, and sanitized everything my pee touched. I live alone, so getting caught wasn’t an issue.

No one ever found out about it, not until now anyway. I honestly didn’t know this was a thing, but I’m glad it is. I don’t feel so gross anymore! Hahaha, I’m glad I could help! I hope you enjoy yourself!

- Naomi M.

*012*2020-01-15 18:24

{{14 hours ago, Manowar said:

Nice

}}

Thank you very much

*013*2020-01-15 18:34

NOTE: I’d like to say once again that this is an experimental idea I’m toying around with, and I’d love to get some feedback. If anyone has any suggestions, please let me know!

*015*2020-01-15 23:56

{{13 minutes ago, Bismiris said:

Not sure if this is more feedback or suggestion, but how do you plan on categorizing the "samples"? Are they going to be situational or more demographic based?

}}

That’s a great question, and one that I asked myself a million times while writing this. There’s so many options it’s hard to narrow it down. Currently I’ve sorted into all accounts situationally, but hypothetically, accounts could be sorted by any parameter.

Do you have a suggestion?

*016*2020-01-16 04:23

Sonya B.

Age: 41

Sex: Yes

Height: 5’ 6”

Build: Curvaceous

Race: I’m a proud Irish woman

Occupation: Senior Programmer, among other things

The Incident: Hello mysterious sir! My name is Sonya, and I’ve peed myself more times than I can count, in about every outfit imaginable! Haha! I’m very used to having accidents, I’ve had 2 kids; my bladder strength just isn’t what it used to be! I’m currently a single mom, but the birds have left the nest, I'm sad to say. They both went off to college, one of them currently staying with his dad and step- mom and going to a local university. There’s no bad blood between us; we’re good friends, and I think we’ve done a great job for having kids at such a young age. The kids were what kept us together, when we probably shouldn’t have been. He was always so reserved and mellow, and I was always the wild one. We had different lifestyles, different values. There were better people for the both of us, we knew that. We wanted different things, and I couldn’t be happier for him!

Geeze, sorry for all the backstory! This is about me pissing myself on accident right? You don’t want to hear about me getting knocked up, you want to hear about the milf that pissed herself on the subway one morning, don’t you? My plump ass, soaked with pee, a warm puddle on the ground. It was quite the sight. I’m no stranger to pee stuff; I’ve been to the darkest corners of Pornhub and back, not to mention I fully piss myself at least once every few months. This survey is perfect for me!

What doesn’t help my incontinence is that I drink a lot of water. You don’t get to be in great shape at my age without going the extra mile. I’d say my bathroom is my best friend, and lined panties are my second best friend! I’ve had my fair share of leaks, and they’re a lifesaver! I get desperate a lot, and my friends tease me about my pee pee dance a lot. You wouldn’t think that a woman my age would do the pee pee dance, but I probably do it more than a woman your age, whatever your age is. It’s a cute dance, I’m not going to lie. It’s very animated; it needs to be, otherwise I can’t hold it and I pee all over myself like a little girl. You wouldn’t judge me for that would you?

Well on this particular day, I was wearing a pencil skirt and a blouse, getting on the tram to take me out of the city and into the suburbs. My ass looked great, it really pops out when I wear skirts. I’ve got a lot going on up front too. I like to unbutton the top button while I’m out. I like the attention. In my defense, it’s kind of hard to dress modestly with my shape, but that’s only a problem at work; I’m not really a modest person to begin with!

We have a rail system that spans the entire city, and it’s super convenient, because parking is a bitch. I had gotten off of work early, so I thought I would go to get my watch fixed. I love my watch, it was a gift from my son, and it hadn’t been working right for a hot minute. I chugged my water bottle as I sat on the train. I had a slight urge to pee, but nothing I wasn’t used to. I simply crossed my legs and waited patiently for my stop to arrive. The shop I go to isn’t that far from where I work. I did that on purpose, because I’m not a fan of walking around town in heels. I may not be modest, but I’m more than practical!

I got to the jewelry store, and apparently there was a queue. Not a physical queue, like a line to get into the movie theatre, or a bathroom. It was a service queue, like a “take a number and get in line” kind of queue. It wasn’t a long queue, but it was a wait nonetheless. He knows me pretty well, since I go there all the time to get my jewelry shined. He has a thing for me, and I don’t mind. He’s a pretty good looking guy, funny, charming, and he gives me great deals all the time. Perhaps I let his eyes wander to my ass every now and then as I shop his selection from across the way. No harm in that right?

Anyway, I was hoping that he could move up to the front of the queue, which he had no problem doing, obviously. He just had to finish up his current project first, which would be about 15 minutes or so. Decided I could wait, it wouldn’t be that bad. But it did get that bad, as I’m sure you can imagine.

About 15 minutes later, I was crossing my legs to stave off the pressure. I would cross them one way, then I would cross them the other way. He kept looking at my legs. A lot of people look at my legs, I can’t blame him. Anyway, soon 15 minutes were up, and I was beginning to feel the heat. He started opening up my watch, troubleshooting it, all that good stuff. I looked at his wares across the way, starting to subconsciously step on the spot. He noted how restless I was, and I told him, pretty straightforwardly, “sorry, I just have to pee!” He laughed and blushed a little, and I told him he didn’t have to worry about it, that it was a personal problem!

I had expected it to be a more complicated fix, but it turns out it was a pretty easy one, according to him. He said it would take maybe 15 more minutes, and I couldn’t help but bend at the waist and moan. He said it wouldn’t take that long, and he asked me if I could hold it, humorously. I said yes, he might just have to watch me be a little uncomfortable! He chuckled and started tinkering with my watch, eyeing my legs every once and a while as they slid past each other the get a better holding position. There were other people in his shop at this point, and I could feel their eyes on my ass and legs too as I shifted uncomfortably. I was about to give everyone a show, and as much as I like being candid, I wasn’t in the mood to be literally surrounded by gawkers.

I subtly squirmed as I watched him tinker with it, squeezing my legs tightly as he looked to be wrapping up. I couldn’t help it! I didn’t even have to go that bad yet, but I needed the help! Otherwise I would have left a big puddle on my favorite jewelers floor. Who knows, maybe he would have liked that.

The reason I say that is when I asked if I could use his bathroom, it was conveniently out of order. Just my luck right? No I had to pee dance in front of him until he was finished, which I most certainly did. Some might have thought I was looking impatient; they’d be right, I was very impatient. I started pacing a little, and he was taking his sweet time looking at my squirming legs! He has the worst timing!

As luck would have it, he did finish in the nick of time. He apologized halfheartedly for the bathroom being out of order, and said coyly, “I hope you make it.” That little shit! Haha! I told him, “me too,” and paid him promptly, legs crossed like a pretzel the whole time.

I speed walked out of the store and went straight to the train station, just down the street. The pressure in my full bladder was now constant, and anyone who looked at me for more than a few seconds could tell I was uncomfortable. If I was moving, they might have thought it was the heels I was wearing. But while I waited for the crosswalk to turn green, it became much more obvious. I started lifting my legs up and down to add pressure to my pussy, like I was marching in place. It was a spectacle I’m sure, but it gets worse.

I planned on using the toilet at the station, as gross as it is. But I checked the time on my now fully functional watch, and I was running late. The train would likely get there around the same time I did. I suppose I could have waited for the next train to arrive instead of pissing myself in front of a room full of people, but like I said, I was impatient, and my bladder was keeping me from thinking straight, let alone properly prioritizing!

So I get on the train, and as soon as those doors shut and the train started moving, I knew I was fucked. I knew right then and there that I was going to piss myself in front of these people, and there wasn’t much I could do about it except get off at the next stop. I was really trying not to get stranded in the wrong suburb, so I continued with my stupid decision and made a spectacle of myself in front of everyone.

I couldn’t stop pee dancing, I really couldn’t. I was crossing my legs, and bobbing up and down, sticking my ass out every time I would cross my legs. You could see and hear my smooth, milky thighs sliding past each other, and the click of my heels on the ground as I prolonged the inevitable, and people could not stop staring. Some stared with worry, others with disgust, others with fascination and lust. I saw a few people subtly filming me as I wriggled and squirmed in the subway car.

I made eye contact with a girl sitting down, she was a college student it looked like. She gave me a small smile, and I smiled back, giggling, and said, “I’m so sorry you have to see this, I have to pee and my stop is still 15 minutes away!’ She sighed, and offered me her seat, which I gladly accepted. Still, I could not stay still. I was rocking back and forth, crossing and recrossing my legs, while worried and lustful stares sized me up, waiting for me to burst in my skirt. I was bouncing my legs, wriggling around, moaning occasionally, all the shit you guys get off to. I saw some looks in that car that day that I hadn’t seen on a man’s face in a long, long time.

I started peeing while I was still sitting down. A massive spurt soaked my ass, and I got up and hurried to the door, facing out the window as I squirmed and wriggled, fighting off the massive pressure, pee dribbling slowly down my thighs. A small puddle was forming at my feet, and still I fought, and stepped, and clicked in my heels. People were murmuring, and a dozen phones were recording my fat ass jiggling around with a massive pee spot on the back. It was hopeless.

I crossed my legs in one last attempt to not soak myself, but it didn’t work. I pissed forcefully into my panties, my pantyhose, and my skirt. Since I was bent over, it flooded my ass and went straight through the skirt, and simultaneously snaked down my legs. It sounded like a garden hose splatting on the kitchen floor. My pee poured onto the floor of the car, and everyone that hadn’t already moved away from me began to clear the floor around me. The pee splattered on the benches, the walls, and the door, and seeped into the door seal, draining into the crack of the door, and likely leaving a trail of my hot pee all the way down the green line tunnel. I must have peed for a minute, staring out the window, while grown men and women ogled the milf that pissed herself. It echoed through the car, and rang in my ears for the rest of the way to my stop. I was so fucking embarrassed, even for as many accidents as I have. This was the biggest and most public too.

I got off at my stop maybe 10 minutes later, burning with humiliation. My wet footprints followed me all the way to my car, parked at the station. I laid a towel down and drove home, anxious for a shower, but relieved that I finally got to pee. Funnily enough, the next time I saw my jeweler friend, he asked if I made it. I told him I pissed myself on the way home, and he blushed, and told me the next time I asked, he would fix it himself. Foot in mouth syndrome, but I thought it was cute.

You’ll probably think this is interesting, but after Seeing your survey for the 5th time on Pornhub, I thought I’d look around and see if I could find any footage of my pissy accident. I had to search for a little while, but lo and behold, I found it on a voyeur forum, smothered with likes and views, shared hundreds of times. That was the moment I decided to take this survey and tell you my story. It makes me feel much better than people still think I’m hot after wetting myself. I wonder if my jeweler friend feels the same way? I’ll have to ask him sometime soon.

*018*2020-01-16 16:40

{{10 hours ago, LivingOmo said:

I think its awesome she actually got to find the video and that not only did people think she was hot, but she felt better about the incident also. It makes me wonder how popular water-sports *actually* is, considering.

}}

Well you know, she did mention she liked the attention. Maybe this’ll happen again? Who knows?

Watersports is definitely probably more popular than we think, I think. We only make up a percentage of those willing to share their experiences. I’m sure there’s lots of desperation that happens in private

*020*2020-01-16 23:04

{{39 minutes ago, mypeesecret said:

Wow, both of these accounts are really well written. Your bot / algorithm must work really well, because these almost seem like they are too well written towards this particular demographic. I like how they both acknowledge these particular points in their stories as “all that shit you guys get off to” or how the first person was like “hope you enjoy”. I think she also said that in a way sharing this and knowing somebody else might enjoy it made her feel less gross. In a way, hearing that and knowing people are willing to light-heartedly share these stories makes me feel more at ease with myself and less gross myself (not that I feel particularly gross in the first place, but I’ve been in a few situations where maybe somebody peed themselves in a group I was with, and people who are aware of my fetish were also there, and it’s been at least a bit awkward). Anyways, it’s a neat perspective to get, thanks for sharing these!

}}

You know man, I’m glad you can appreciate these things. It’s actually super nice to see how this is having a positive effect, something I hadn’t really for seen

However, I feel like I should emphasize that these accounts, as well as the premise, is a work of fiction, based on plausible scenarios. I really don’t want to mislead anyone here

With that being said, the idea here is that these are accounts that definitely probably happened. That’s a whimsical way of saying they’re plausible, and the narrator leverages this plausibility with statistics. On my end as a writer, these “accounts” are inspired by 1st hand, 2nd hand, and very distant references to incidents I’ve known of over the years. If it’s likely enough to happen once, it’s likely enough to happen again. That’s what makes these accounts plausible.

So on the bright side, you’ll be happy to know that I do know someone that was desperate in a car, and probably wet herself before getting to the bathroom. I do know of an incident where a sexy woman was desperate on the subway. And I have personally met two women that gladly shared their experiences with me because they knew it would turn me on. The plausibility of a fantasy actually coming true, at least for me, is where the real value is, and it’s this value that I’m attempting to capture through this narrative.

*022*2020-01-17 00:10

{{24 minutes ago, mypeesecret said:

Well I definitely think it has some value. I guess I’m reading it as something that’s probably close to a real situation, with some added embellishments, or possibly a close call that has been re-written into an accident scenario. Either way, whether they are witnessed, experienced firsthand, or completely made up, I appreciate the engagement with the subject.

}}

That’s exactly what this is actually! I didn’t want to give everyone the wrong impression, but I definitely didn’t want to ruin the fun either!

I know DMG Bot has a lot to work with, he’s be down to take some requests if you’d like!

