Amy and Heather

Author: mhenslowe

*000*2012-06-01 14:23

Josh was in the bathroom when his sister Amy and her friend Heather came home from karate class. Josh was looking forward to walking out there because karate class meant that Heather would be barefoot. It would be a perfect opportunity to see her small bare feet. He was about to flush the toilet when there was a knock on the door.

“Josh, this is Amy,” his sister’s voice piped in. “Are you going to be much longer? Because Heather really has to go to the bathroom.” He heard angry whispers from Heather that it was OK, she didn’t have to go that bad, this was embarrassing.

“Heather,” he heard his sister say, “you’ve been bitching and moaning about how bad you needed to pee for the last twenty minutes. You swore to me you were close to making in your gi. So deal with it.”

Josh was rock-hard. He imagined Heather standing out there, legs crossed in her karate uniform, maybe biting her lip, face red with embarrassment, embarrassed that Josh knew she had to go, but still praying he’d come out and she could relieve herself. He knew that as soon as he flushed the toilet and opened the door, he’d be able to see her desperation for maybe only two seconds before she was behind the closed door of the bathroom.

“Are you almost done?” Amy asked. “It’s, like, an emergency out here.” She sounded annoyed, but nothing like she did when he was in the bathroom and she had to use it. When he was in there and Amy had to pee or poop, it was always a major thing. He couldn’t count the number of times he’d seen her desperate, and he’d seen her have an accident at least five or ten times. In fact, two days earlier, she had come home from being out at a movie with one of her friends. Amy ran in the front door and right up the stairs, making panting noises and trying not to hold herself too obviously. “I had to pee SO bad,” she told him several minutes later. “It was a photo finish, there.”

Even more to the point, Amy herself had come home from karate class two months ago dancing from foot to foot because she had to pee so badly. Amy kicked her sandals off and ran, hand in her crotch, to the bathroom. When she came out, she had a towel wrapped around her waist. Lo and behold, there were damp panties and her gi in the wash that night.

Josh distinctly remembered coming home from school when he was 15 and finding that his sister was already home. Before he could ask her about it, his mom beckoned him into another room.

“Josh, I need to tell you something. You’re going to be in big trouble if you say anything to your sister about this, but I want you to know so you won’t bother her about why she’s already home from school. Amy is home because she had an accident at school.”

“You mean she hurt herself?”

“No…she wet her pants. I had to go pick her up.”

“Why did she do that?”

“You know your sister…she doesn’t like those school bathrooms. She tried to hold it, I guess. Do not say anything to her about it, though. Do you understand?”

Josh nodded. Amy was in a robe on the couch, bare feet sticking out. True to his word, he said nothing.

Back to the present. “Heather’s gonna make a puddle in a second.” He heard Heather loudly whispering curses at her.

Josh flushed the toilet and came out. Heather did indeed have her legs tightly crossed, affording him a nice view of a bare sole. Her face was red and there were tears in her eyes. She ran past him and closed the door. There was a frantic rustle of cloth and then a loud, heavy pee stream. Josh counted to eighty in his head before the sound turned to trickles.

“Amy?” a voice said, sounding very small. “Could you come in here for a second?”

Josh faded into the doorway of his parents’ room to listen. Amy went into the bathroom, then came out. A second later, she returned from her bedroom with a pair of blue panties and jeans in her hand, knocked on the bathroom door, and went in. Josh thought he was going to cum in his pants. Heather had wet in her panties.

Heather looked embarrassed every time he saw her that night (she was sleeping over). While Amy and Heather were downstairs, he snuck up to Amy’s room. Watching carefully for anyone coming up the stairs, he quietly unzipped Heather’s gym bag. There were two plastic bags, both from the local supermarket. In one was her gi bottoms. There was a palm-sized wet spot on the crotch. In the other bag was her athletic cup, which smelled like pee, and slim-cut white panties. The entire crotch of the panties was yellow, and they were still damp with pee. It looked like Heather had lost a decent amount before getting to the toilet. He replaced the stuff in her bag, went into the bathroom, and jerked off.

