Nightmares

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-07-03 13:56

Cara walked into her classroom, talking to her best friend, Mallia.

"Dude, I so need to pee right now!" Cara whisper screamed. She grabbed her crotch above her skirt for dramatic effect but in all honesty, she really needed that.

"Well, be careful of Mr Higgins, Cara." Mallia whispered back, pointing at their 60 year old teacher, rubbing out some writing on the whiteboard.

"W-why?"

"If he sees you squirming around, he'll make you strip infront of the class and hold it until ya burst! He did it to some guy last year. Rumour has it, he never came back."

"S-shit. O-okay yeah, I know what you're on about." Cara clenched her pussy muscles, squeezing her thighs together.

Cara knew exactly what Mallia was talking about. This guy called Brian got caught by Mr Higgins squeezing his dick through his jeans. Higgins told him to come to the front of the class, strip his clothes and then hold his hands behind his back. The poor kid was a mess. He started crying from the pain and wriggled his hips around, his legs rubbing against each other. People could see the piss dripping from his soft, 6 incher, it rolled down his legs one by one. His dick constantly flexed from Brian squeezing his muscles to hold back the flood, the gals and gays went insane. His dick almost went numb from it being squashed in between his thighs, the tip was only visible to those at the front of the class. After uncontrollable leaks and leg squeezing, he couldn't take it anymore and ran over to the bin in the corner, he couldn't even stop his piss before aiming it into the bin. Brian got picked up by his parents and apparently was never seen or heard from again.

Cara and Mallia sat in their seats at the back of the class, still talking about Mr Higgins and the freak show he is.

"I'm surprised he hasn't been fired. The amount of bladder infections kids come out with from trying to hold their pee in his class. Will you be okay?" Mallia could see Cara's ass wriggling in her seat and her hands falling down into her lap. She nodded her head in response but was covered in a layer of sweat and an unjustified amount of anxiety in a maths class. Mr Higgins began his lesson and kept a close eye on anyone who dared to even cross their legs. Luckily for Cara, she was at the back, but it wasn't too helpful, as her movements became dramatic.

She stuffed her hands in between her thighs, lifting herself up from her seat by the hips. A bead of sweat rolled from above her eyebrow as a quiet moan fell from her lips. Mallia looked in concern as her friend was a quivering, squirming mess. Cara's problem became even bigger when rain began to drop on the window, she couldn't stop thinking about the bathroom and water.

"Cara, you can't hold it, it's bad for you. Go to the bathroom."

"I-I can't, he won't let me. Plus, I can't-"

"Cara. Come to the front of the class please." Mr Higgins' voice had never been so scary, but knowing that the humiliation was going to be her problem, it sent a shiver down her spine. The fear alone sent a few drops of pee into her panties. She slowly walked to the front of the class, a hand in her crotch.

"S-sir, I need to use the toilet."

"Strip. Now. You're not using the toilet." He held no remorse to the squirming mess infront of him, his eyes as empty as they could be. Cara hesitantly took off her school shirt and skirt before rolling down her panties. "On the desk. Hands behind you, legs open."

"Seriously?" Cara shivered, showing him nothing but fear, but he didn't budge, so she did as she was told, removing her hand from her crotch. Her legs bounced up and down to hold back the incoming flood, before she jumped up onto his desk and opened up her legs. Her dripping, quivering pussy was on show to the whole class, the girls looking with concern and disgust and the guys obviously hiding their boners.

"I want you to be a model student and hold your pee like a good girl. Be classy. No hands...yet." He smiled?! He actually smiled, the sadistic fuck. Cara whimpered, clenching her eyes as well as her quivering pussy muscles. Her legs subtly fanned in and out, doing everything in her power to hold back the flood. Without warning, Mr Higgins ran a finger up her flaps, looking intently at her leaking piss hole. Out of shock, Cara relaxed her vaginal muscles, sending a singular jet of piss onto Higgins' fingers. He smirked and shook his head in response.

"Sir...I can't do it. I've already done what you want me to do, can I please just go-"

"Touch yourself." Silence struck the classroom as those words left his mouth. Almost everyone was either looking away out of respect for Cara or looking directly at her quivering pussy to see if it'd give way. Her hand slowly slid down, creating a circular motion on her clit. Her eyes still clenched together, holding back tears, her bottom lip quivered in despair, which Mr Higgins seemed to enjoy. After every circle of her clit, a sensation hit her, pee trickling out of her bit by bit. Suddenly, another jet of piss squirted out of Cara's piss hole, her hand clamped over her quivering pussy to try and stop it but to no avail. She let out one final whimper before letting go. All that could be heard by the classroom was the hissing of Cara's piss stream and the slow clock ticking by. That was it. Humiliated. Cara sobbed out loud as Mr Higgins was speaking to another student to get the cleaner.

Suddenly, Cara woke up, not at school but in her bed with nothing but panties on. Her hand was between her crotch and was covered in piss that was still trickling out of her pussy into her panties. She ran into her en suite bathroom, still peeing through her fingers that pressed against her pee hole. She pulled her panties to one side and sprayed the remainder of her bladder into the toilet bowl.

She laughed to herself as she wondered why she had a nightmare about her being in high-school...it was 14 years ago?

*002*2023-07-03 15:09

{{45 minutes ago, knockonthedoor said:

I love this. The surreal but still erotic dream sequence, the realization when she wakes up.

Also, you got in and got out super fast, without dwelling on ancillary things too much, so the story is nice and tight.

I hope you're proud of it, this is great work!

}}

Thank you so much! I'm glad you enjoyed and I'm also very glad with how it turned out 🙂

*004*2023-07-10 05:35

{{On 7/6/2023 at 5:25 PM, Greuppe said:

Short, lewd and simple, that's how i like it. and this story is all three.

I enjoyed this one a lot, and i would love to read more stories from you. ❤️

}}

Thank you! Stay tuned ☺️

