The Sphere - Page 5

Author: SashaButters

*103*2015-12-07 01:48

Finally the big day came. The second of January. The day she was to report to the local Sphere Center that would put her into a full dive that would last for two weeks. Except it wouldn’t feel like two weeks. It would feel like a year. Becca’s parents drove her to the same center she had her implants put in. Hopefully this time there wouldn’t be an abundant of penises.

She waited eagerly with her parents in the waiting room until the same guy from before called her back.

“I’m really going to miss you guys!” Becca said hugging them both before following Tom into the back. This was it, the moment she had dreamed about almost her whole life.

“You’re the one?” Tom asked shocked when she appeared. Becca smiled and shrugged as she was led into a room with a giant white pod waiting for her. “Samantha is going to take over from this point, she’ll instruct you about what’s going to happen. I wish you best of luck!” Tom said waving as he was replaced with a girl who looked about 18 or 19 with long brown hair.

“So you’re the one everyone’s been talking about.” Samantha said looking Becca up and down. Becca shrugged again waiting for instructions. “Well, let me explain how this is going to work. You’re going to lay in this pod and it’s going to fully fill with water.”

“What?” Becca asked a bit surprised. “How will I not drown?”

You’ll have an air helmet on.” Samantha continued.

“Why will it fill with water?” Becca asked.

“For two reasons. One: Every ten hours it will drain and pump in fresh water to flush out bodily waste. And two: That’s how the drug will be administered.”

“Wait, what? Bodily waste… You mean I’m going to…” Becca stammered.

“You are going to be in there for two weeks. Did you think we were just going to shove a cork in you?” Samantha asked with a giggle. She hadn’t really been sure what to expect. She knew her metabolism was going to be slowed, so she kind of pictured it like she was going into hibernation like an animal in the winter.

“Sort of.” Becca admitted with a shy embarrassed grin. It’s not like she could find much information about the procedure, so she had let her imagination run its course. She had pictured everything from being frozen to being put in a coma. Becca looked around the room as she took in the various equipment. A white pod a few feet taller than her stood in one corner with various tubes and wires running from all over.

“So are you ready to get started?”

“Yep!” Becca said. She was more than eager to get started. She wondered what she would look like when her year was finished. Would she loose weight? Gain weight? Build muscle? Since this would be a full dive, her brain would be under the impression she was using her actual muscles. What she learned in the SPP would follow her into the real world. With in reason of course; she wouldn’t come out shooting fireballs out of her palm or anything. That would be neat though. She would learn actual combat skills. She knew the motions from gaming, but she lacked the actual strength in her punches and blocks.

“So how does the drug work?” Becca asked. She was curious about it. This was the part that had the least information.

“To be honest, I’m not really sure. They just walked me through the set up; they didn’t explain the chemistry behind it. You probably know more about it than I do. All I know is that it will be in the water you’ll be soaking in.” Samantha explained.

“Am I swallowing it?” Becca asked scrunching up her face in disgust. Would she be drinking the water she was using as a toilet. Gross!

“No, your head will be blocked from the water. I’m guessing it’s absorbed through the skin, since little bits of the drug will be pumped in the tank every few hours.”

“Oh, I thought I’d be given a shot or I.V or something.” Becca said feeling a bit relieved. Any day she was told she wouldn’t be getting a shot was a good day in her book.

“You must be thinking of Euphoria.” Samantha said. “The problem with that is people are injecting large quantities of it directly into the blood stream. No wonder people are getting hurt and dying. It’s freaking out peoples senses!” Becca nodded her head as her thoughts spun around. Was that what Brian was doing wrong? Would the route people administer it really matter that much? If that was the case she’d have to let him know right away.

“Umm, can I use the bathroom first before we start? I want to, you know, keep the water clean for as long as possible.” Becca said with a nervous laugh. After being directed down the hall and to the left, she made a beeline for the restroom. Becca stopped in the hallway briefly as an advertisement for a pet play simulator caught her attention. Becca looked it up and down cringing at the image of a girl with dog-ears and a tail being walked on a leash. Who in the world would actually play that? “Weirdo’s,” She mumbled underneath her breath, before heading off to her original destination.

Brian, the drug is topical! You mix it with bath water and soak in it! Becca quickly sent the message and made her way back the room. In an attempt to not seem suspicious, she tried to make small talk.

“Did you see that dog game in the hallway? What kind of perverts actually like that sort of thing?” Becca said with a laugh before awkward silence hung in the room as Samantha’s face turned a deep shade of red. Crap. Me and my big mouth. “Umm, I mean, it’s okay if you’re into it i-“

“I’m not!” Samantha said much too quickly to be believable as she shook her outstretched palms back and forth in front of her. Becca raised her eyebrows as Samantha stumbled over her words of explanation. “I-it’s not what you think! I just like being taken care of sometimes.” She mumbled sporting a bright blush.”

“Huh? I thought all the over 18 eroges were just sex games.”

“I turn off the adult content. I, umm, I just like it when he scratches behind my ears.” She said softly. Well this just got uncomfortable fast. Becca tried to flash her best smile as if to say, that’s totally normal and acceptable, but judging by the look on Samantha’s face, it probably came out looking like, You’re a freak.

“Umm, anyway… please get undressed.” Samantha said breaking the awkward tension. Becca blinked in surprise and stared blankly ahead. Is this what playing eroge games do to you? She just told her to take her clothes off. So bold… “You need to take your clothes off.” Samantha repeated again once it was obvious Becca hadn’t quite understood the first time. “Before you get in the pod…” Still nothing. “So the drug can absorb into your skin.” The light finally clicked in Becca’s head as she grimaced.

“Right, sorry. I’ll just…umm… how much are we talking?” Becca asked. Leave it to her to strip naked when she only needed to take a shirt off or something.

“All the way.”

“Right,” Becca said glancing awkwardly around the room for somewhere to get undressed. “Right here right now?” Also leave it to her to strip naked when she was supposed to be behind some kind of screen. Samantha nodded her head waiting. “Do you have t-“

“Yes.”

Becca sighed before she began to awkwardly strip down. She kicked her shoes and socks off before sliding her jeans down. When she was left standing in just her mismatched underwear, she looked up in hope of some sign she could stop there, but Samantha seemed to continue waiting on her so she finished pulling everything down with a slight wince when the cold air hit her now bare butt. She gathered up all her belongings and put them in the outstretched bag Samantha offered.

“So…” Becca said covering herself with her arms. The cold room that raised goose bumps on her skin left her thankful she wasn’t guy, her high beams were awkward enough as it was. Samantha made her put her arms to her sides as she examined Becca up, down, front and back for some reason. Becca stared in the corner of the room trying to avoid any unnecessary eye contact as she bit at the corner of her lip.

“Sorry, I have to make note of any previous injuries. With the big scare lately about people getting hurt and dying in virtual reality, we have to screen everyone receiving the drug. Law suits, you know?” Samantha explained as Becca let out her held breath. Thanks, Brian, I had to get strip searched because of you. As long as she doesn’t tell me to bend over and cough…

“AHH!!” Becca moaned feeling the bandaging on her back get ripped off. A little warning would have been great, she thought as she watched the girl balling up the cotton and tape before tossing it into the trashcan in the corner.

“Sorry!” Samantha said. “No bandages. How’d you get this?” She typed up Becca’s response on the tablet. Becca watched her put the tablet down on the counter before hitting a few buttons in the wall. Her fingers moved much to fast for her to see, so Becca assumed it must have been a password of some kind. A slot in the wall opened up to reveal medical equipment like rubbing alcohol, syringes, and other odds and ends. Samantha pulled out some cotton swabs and disinfectant and proceeded to clean the ports in the back of Becca’s neck.

“You can get in the pod now and I’ll hook you up.” Samantha said. Becca walked over and peered inside the black interior. Everything seemed to be made out of hard plastic including a seat. Behind the chair had various connectors sticking out which looked like they would be plugged into the back of her head. She wasn’t too excited to discover what it would feel like to be connected while she was still awake. “Go ahead and sit down with your head all the way back against the wall.” Samantha instructed.

Once Becca was seated and correctly positioned, a hum filled the once quiet pod and she realized the door was sealing shut. Not only that, but part of the wall in front of her began moving forward until it incased Becca’s head right below her chin, blocking it off from the rest of her body and leaving her head in a separate compartment. She was completely trapped in utter darkness. A brief thought worked its way into her mind about running out of air, but was quickly laid to rest when a fan began blowing fresh air into her face.

What really startled Becca was when she began to hear the loud roar of water pouring in. She quickly retracted her foot when in came into contact with the ice-cold liquid. Why? Why wasn’t it heated?

“I’m going to plug you in now!” Samantha called out. Becca worried briefly about getting shocked as she felt the water rush over her feet. Shouldn’t she have done that before she turned on the water? Becca closed her eyes tight as she waited for the indescribably pain of getting electrocuted, but it never came. All she felt was a slight pressure going up into the back of her head and then in was over. The cold water slowly rising up her legs, she discovered, was about a hundred times worse than getting connected.

“Why is it so cold?” Becca yelled. She shivered as the water level rose past her knees, thighs, and then stomach. She thought she was going to freeze to death when it rose up to her chest. Is this how I’m going to die? Was the SPP nothing more than a lottery to control the population?

“Your body temperature needs to be lowered to 95 degrees before I can start giving you the drug. You’ll feel better soon!” How long had she been sitting in this pod for? One hour? Two hours? “It should warm up in about fifteen more minutes.”

“How long have I been in here?” Becca yelled back.

“About ten minutes!”

She groaned as her teeth chattered and she moved her arms about in the freezing water. The level had now risen all the way to her neck. Just when she thought she couldn’t take anymore, warmth started spreading throughout her body. So much better, she thought closing her eyes and breathing a sigh of relief. She could still feel the icy water on the outside of her skin, but somehow her insides felt pleasantly warm. A tingling sensation began running through her nerves and rounds. Her body grew hotter and hotter until it felt more like she was running a high fever. Her face began to sweat in the small, dry compartment as she panted and gasped for air. The fan blowing cold air onto her face felt like a god send. Now she understood the purpose of the cold water. Without it, she might have internally combusted.

“Five more minutes and I’ll send you in!” Samantha shouted.

“Why don’t you just send me in now?” Becca begged.

“The timing has to be just right or you might end up there a week late. Yooouuu’rree boooddyyy haaassss toooooooooo bbeeeeeeee iiiinnnnn syyynnnncccccc wiiiitttthhhhh tttthhhheeee ddddrrruuuuggggg……” Samantha’s voice appeared to have severely slowed down, so much so, Becca could no longer understand a single thing that was said. Her voice seemed to go on and on, until it was nothing more than a constant drawn out moan. She realized the drug had already begun working. Her sense of time had already been altered. If it took her that long to say a single sentence, how long was five minutes going to take?

It seemed as though she sat in the water for hours, with random moans and ramblings taking up chunks of time. She wasn’t sure what was going to kill her first: heat exhaustion, frostbite, or insanity from having to listen to the 20 minute long sentences. Becca closed her eyes and she willed it to be over, only opening them when a new sensation met her skin.

She blinked in surprise and looked around. She was no longer in the pod of water, but in an empty Drs. office. Had she made it? She grabbed a handful of her brown hair and realized she was Sasha now. She glanced around the room noticing a note projected on the opposite wall.

Please have a seat; the Doctor will be with you shortly.

They sure liked to send her to the Doctor, Sasha thought as she hopped up onto the table frowning at the realization that she was still naked. She tried to open up her inventory and realized it was empty. Where were all her weapons and armor? Even her shotgun was gone! She didn’t quite know what was going on, but all she knew was she didn’t like it one bit.

*108*2015-12-08 14:56

*shifty eyes* you just know all of my secrets don't you? Jk It was a mixture of that and an movie from the 90s called clock stoppers.

...geez you're on a roll XD you're going to guess the whole plot at this rate

*111*2015-12-11 18:01

I've actually never seen any of those movies.

Thanks guys! Sorry about the slow updates. I got a temp job at the post office and they've been working us like 10-12 hr shifts 6 days a week. So when I'm not working, I'm sleeping. Hopefully I can get some writing done on Sunday!

*112*2015-12-19 00:27

It was almost seconds that the Doctor came strolling in once Sasha planted her bare butt down on the examination table. She was displeased to find he was a male, and that without her inventory of supplies, there was absolutely nothing to cover herself with. There weren’t even any flimsy hospital gowns in the room. She had checked. Everywhere. She supposed she didn’t really have anything to be embarrassed about; it wasn’t her real body after all, but the chill in the air and the smell of disinfectant made her think twice. Sasha had to check her hair more than once to remember if she was Sasha or Becca, these full dives just felt way too real.

She covered herself with her arms more out of habit than anything. Even on her avatar she kept her boobs small. They were annoying, she thought. They got in the way of combat. One time she did play with her avatars settings a bit in the chest area in her home screen. She had found it amusing that she could grow them at will and was having a bit too much fun with it- that was until she made herself too top heavy and fell face first on the ground. Or she would have anyway if her ginormous boobs hadn’t stopped the fall leaving her a full five inches off the ground. Needless to say she hadn’t really messed with it since.

Looking like a ten-year-old girl had its advantages sometimes. No one ever expects to get their ass kicked by a ten-year-old girl.

“So did everything go okay getting here?” He asked. “Any problems?”

“Apart from almost spontaneously combusting?” Sasha said.

“The first times always the hardest.” He agreed with a nod of his head. Sasha watched him curiously for a moment. Something about him seemed off, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. It wasn’t until he began talking again did she notice his lips. His lip movements didn’t match the words she was hearing. It was like watching a poorly dubbed Asian movie. It was even stranger when his body left the room for a second, but his voice was still talking right next to her head. She smiled with curiosity and amusement when he returned faster than the words; “I’ll be right back.” took to get to her.

“I don’t think the drug is completely synced yet.” Sasha said.

“I noticed there’s a small lag in your response time, but that’s normal. It will wear off in a little bit. Would you please lay down on the table for me?”

Sasha frowned when the real examination began. He checked her body so thoroughly it made Samanatha’s check up seem like nothing more than a stuck up girls two-second head-to toe scan. He had her roll over onto her stomach next and paid extra attention to the wound on her back.

“Does your back feel better, worse, or the same since coming here?” He asked touching around the edges as she winced. Maybe it was just the disappointment of still having it there when she came here, but it felt a bit worse. She told him this and he nodded his head in understanding. “Please roll onto your back and I’ll turn the table on.” Sasha grimaced and moaned as she slowly rolled over. She hadn’t known this table was anything special. It just seemed like an ordinary examination table to her, but he must have done something she figured, because within minutes, a pleasant warmth was spreading through her back in quick pulses. It was such a relaxing feeling she could almost fall asleep, but within minutes it turned off. Her back felt nice and toasty and…completely healed. She sat up quickly and twisted her body this way and that relieved not to feel skin pulling and tearing anymore.

“Wow!” Was all Sasha could think of to say.

“Better?”

“Much!” She said. If there was a table that could magically heal her, she wondered what other kinds of cool stuff was here.

“Glad to hear. Would you be interested in physical therapy during your time here? We can start you off at ten percent next month and work from there. By the time you leave for your first break, the wound should be completely healed.” He said.

“Really? Yes! That would be great! Why in a month though?”

“Well, you should probably settle down here first. It’s going to be a bit rough and may not be quite what you’re expecting.” He said leaving an ominous feeling in the pit of Sasha’s stomach.

“What do you mean? And what happened to all my stuff?”

“You’ll get it all back after Basic Training.” He explained.

“Basic Training?” Sasha asked with a scowl. “You mean like boot camp?”

“In a way.” He said turning his back to her and digging through a drawer. Sasha chuckled when she saw the rubber gloves in his hands.

“I think I’d be pretty nervous if I were a guy right now.” Sasha said before frowning. “I’m not getting a shot am I? I’ve only ever seen those gloves when I’m about to get a shot or get blood drawn.”

“The thing about Basic Training is that there’s absolutely no contraband allowed.” He explained as he began putting on the first light, blue rubber glove. Was that a yes or a no? He didn’t answer her question.

“Oo…kay…” Sasha said. “Well, all my stuff is gone from my inventory.” She said. “So, what are the gloves for if I’m not getting a shot?”

“It says here in your file that you like to hide weapons on your person.” He said as the last glove fell into place with a loud snap letting Sasha know a shot was the least of her worries.

###

Sasha quickly got dressed in the white underclothes and navy blue jumpsuit and black boots the doctor provided. She looked more like she was going to go fix a leak somewhere rather than join the virtual police force. She found it a little odd that she had to physically dress herself; something she had never had to do in virtual reality before, but she was too thankful to finally have something to cover up with to give it much thought.

She took off out the door once she was decent before the doctor came back and decided he needed to perform any more cavity searches. Sasha swore he had gone so deep with his fingers; she could taste the rubber gloves. She shuddered and limped out of the office as fast as she could. Why couldn’t they have just scanned her? Why did he have to manually check every crevice?

Of course she wasn’t going to hide anything up there in a full dive! That would have hurt like hell! Wouldn’t he have been able to tell by the way she was walking? As she limped forward and grimaced she assumed she probably looked like she was trying to smuggle something in now. She took back every nice thing she had previously thought about him from fixing her back. How could one doctor’s appointment cause so much joy and sorrow?

“Hello, you must be, Sasha.” A lady said dressed in a grey business suit.

“Yes?” She answered looking up as she shuffled her feet as fast as she could.

“Are you okay? Was that you screaming earlier?” The lady asked looking bit concerned. Sasha mumbled something unintelligible back as her face turned a bright shade of red. That lube had been cold! To make matters worse he was already three knuckles deep by the time the words, “I’m going to count to three first,” made it to her brain thanks to the lag. The woman’s eyes widened in understanding. “Let me guess, new recruit physical?”

“How did you know?” Sasha asked as they slowly walked down the hall together.

“I can see it in your eyes.” She joked.

“I feel so violated.”

“Welcome to the government.”

*115*2015-12-19 11:22

{{:

"Welcome to the government."

I'm done.

}}

And by done you mean?

*117*2015-12-19 23:52

{{:

I believe he is employing a basic white girl phrase. I personally would have gone with "I can't even" in any case, I still love the way this story is going, even without much omorashi it's brilliant

}}

Ahh ok, that makes sense. I was like...no...don't go. The comments motivate me!... thanks :) it makes me happy to know at least a few people look forward to the weird things that come out of my brain :) I decided to go light on the omo because it makes them more special when they do happen. It gets kind of boring when the whole story is just one pee scene after another.

*120*2015-12-22 23:58

{{:

$5 says Becca's parents are dead when she comes back. Anyway, let's see how she does with the SPP first.

}}

You're more sadistic than I am lol

So, thursday will be my last day at the post office until they re-hire me as a PSE because they said they liked me! Woo! So no telling how long that will take, but until then I'll finally have time to write again! Started a new chapter today, so look out for that soon. And guess what. there's ACTUALLY going to be a OMO SCENE *gasp* Thank you for putting up with this "dry" story on here for so long. XD

*124*2015-12-23 12:56

{{:

So I just read everything start to present. Awesome story so far, but now I need more....

}}

Woo! New readers! Thanks XD

$$

