Frantic in a foreign place

Author: stinklerus

*000*2013-08-21 12:35

Sandra struggled to keep up with rush of people on the pavement. She was amazed at the sheer number of people and the speed and determination with which they all were going about their business. She didn’t often have to travel abroad on business, but her boss had insisted she attend a 2 day conference on some new system which he felt would greatly benefit the company. The country where the conference was taking place was an emerging economy, and many new and profitable ideas had already emerged there, so her company was keen to be in early on any new developments, which was why she had been asked to go.

The second day of the conference had finished early, and, as it was a nice day, Sandra had decided to walk back to her hotel. She would get some fresh air and also see some more of the city. However, her problem had started when she had crossed a bridge over the river. When she set off across it she had thought it was the one she had crossed in the taxi on the way to the conference venue. Now she realised otherwise, and that the taxi must have crossed further along the river, as she didn’t recognise any of the buildings or any landmarks. She seemed to be in a business or financial district, as everyone was smartly dressed and seemed to be carrying a briefcase or laptop bag. The area was certainly prosperous, with large, modern office buildings all the way along the street. In fact the whole street seemed to consist of imposing offices. There was no sign of a cafe, restaurant, shop or anything like that – just large offices.

This lack of anything but offices was causing Sandra some concern, as she was really beginning to need the loo. She wasn’t desperate yet by no means, but would have gladly gone into a cafe for a coffee and to use the toilet. She couldn’t quite understand why she was needing to relieve herself already, as she had gone to the toilet immediately before leaving the conference hall. She did note, however, that she seemed to have been needing to go more than usual which worried her slightly.

Sandra was dressed in a smart business suit consisting of a knee length tight skirt and fitted short jacket. Underneath she wore white blouse and she carried her laptop case in one hand whilst her handbag was slung over her shoulder. With her light tights and high-heeled shoes she didn’t look at all out of place among the rush of business people. She was in her early fifties, but had maintained her figure. She actually looked much younger, although if she didn’t regularly colour her hair the grey streaks gave her age away.

Although she didn’t look out of place in the crowd, she was most certainly beginning to feel out of place. She was used to city life, but the sheer volume of people and the pace that they lived at was beginning to overwhelm her. To make matters worse she knew very little of the language and had noticed that the locals seemed reluctant to use much English.

She had continued along the street in the general direction she thought would take her back to her hotel but it had been difficult to keep up with the flood of people, especially since her need seemed to have increased dramatically. The constant jostling of other passers-by wasn’t helping any, so she decided that the best thing to do was to try and ask for directions as she now realised she was hopelessly lost. She also knew that she would have to find a toilet soon, as her need to pee was becoming serious – so much so that she would loved to have been able to stop and give herself a quick squeeze between the thighs to help ease the pressure.

She saw a large canopied opening set back off the main pavement in front of a huge building and decided to head for it. It was difficult cutting across the main stream of pedestrians, but a after a few bumps and muttered apologies she reached the relative calm of the area. She stood for a moment to get her breath back, taking the opportunity to squeeze her thighs together as she did so. Then she decided she would have to try and attract the attention of a passer-by, preferably a woman, to ask for directions, both to her hotel and the nearest toilet. Many of the pedestrians passing her were stern looking mature men, but there were also a few women. Most of them were also quite stern looking, and did not appear very approachable. However, Sandra eventually caught the eye of a younger woman who stopped and looked at her.

“Excuse me” Sandra said. “Could you possibly tell me where the nearest toilet is?” The woman continued to look at Sandra for moment, before giving a shrug, muttering something, and walking off.

“Oh dear” thought Sandra, “She didn’t understand me. I’ll have to ask someone else.”

She then caught the eye of another woman, only for the same thing to happen again.

“Oh no! “ Sandra said to herself. “I hope someone can help me soon. I’m bursting for a wee!”

Her concern must have shown on her face, as a smartly dressed, slightly older woman stopped and asked in very good English “Can I help You? Are you looking for somewhere?” Sandra was so surprised that for a moment she just stood and looked back at the woman. “Can I help you? Are you lost?” the woman repeated. This time Sandra came to her senses. “Oh, yes please” she said, “Thank you for stopping. I was wondering if you could tell me where I could find a toilet.”

The woman replied without hesitating “Oh, I’m sorry. There are no public toilets in this area. There used to be but they were closed down and removed when the area was redeveloped.”

“Oh Dear” said Sandra. “I was hoping there would be a toilet nearby. I’m becoming really desperate. What about a cafe or restaurant? Are there any of those here?” Again the woman replied without hesitating “No, sorry. Not here. There is such a demand for office space in this area that all the other businesses have sold out. Security is very tight here and public toilets would be seen as a security threat. Oh, and by the way, there is no point in going to any of these office buildings and asking to use the toilet because you must either have security clearance or an appointment just to get in.”

Then she asked Sandra “Where do you come from? Where are you staying?” Sandra relaxed a bit as she told the woman why she was in the city and also the name of her hotel. “Oh good” said the woman. “That is only about 15 minutes away.” Pointing up the street she added “You see that big building there. Turn right at that and you will see a bridge. Once you cross the bridge you should see your hotel a block away.”

At the mention of 15 minutes Sandra’s face must have shown her feelings because when the woman had finished explaining the directions she added “You are OK? You will get there in time, yes?” Sandra thanked the woman for stopping and for her help and assured her that she would be OK now that she knew the way. They then parted and Sandra set off in the direction she had been shown.

Sandra had told the woman that she would be fine, but privately she was beginning to have her doubts. The pressure in her bladder was increasing by the minute and she was seriously wondering if she was going to be able to hold on until she reached the hotel. But there was no option – she just had to hold on. She couldn’t allow herself to wet her knickers in the street, even if she was in a foreign city where no one knew her. No, she would hold on. She was going to be all right.

The trouble was that the faster she tried to walk the more she seemed to need to go, so she slowed down as much as the flow of pedestrians would allow. She would have loved to be able to just stop and hold herself for a moment, but that would have been too obvious in the crowded street. Instead she shifted her bag so that it hang down across her front and discreetly gave herself a squeeze under its cover to ease the pressure.

It took her about 10 minutes to reach the building that the woman had pointed out to her and , sure enough, once she turned right into the street beside it she saw a bridge and headed towards it as quickly as she could. By now she was becoming really desperate and almost continually holding herself behind the cover of her bag. “God” she thought “I hope it isn’t much further. I’m absolutely desperate. I hope I can make it in time!” The only thing on her mind now was to get to a toilet, lock the door, whip down her knickers and tights and relieve herself. She had to concentrate to get her mind off that thought, as the more she thought about a toilet the worst it made her want to use one.

She was now on the bridge, and the sound of the river below was making matters even worse. She didn’t dare look directly down or the sight of the running water might well have been too much for her. Instead she anxiously scanned the buildings on the far side of the river, frantically looking for the relatively familiar sight of her hotel. After a moment she saw it, but in her predicament it seemed to be some distance away, although in reality it wasn’t actually that far.

“Oh no!” she muttered. “I’m never going to make it that far. I’ll have gone in my knickers before I get there. I can’t just wet myself in the street. There must be somewhere I can go.”

Just then she noticed that on the far side of the bridge there was a park which spread out along the edge of the river. There was an open areas of grass, flower beds and paths along the river side and a wooded area back toward the city. “There’s a park” she said to herself “There are sure to be toilets in a park.”

As soon as she had crossed the bridge she hurried as best she could to the park entrance. On the railings beside the gate was a large map of the park and she scanned it anxiously for any clues as to the location of the toilets. At last she saw it, the international symbol for a toilet. The only problem was that they seemed to be back along the river quite a way. She then had the dilemma of whether the park toilets or the hotel would be closest and stood with her legs crossed weighing up her options.

“Oh dear” she thought as she stood there. “They do seem a long way off. I don’t know if I can make it that far. Maybe I should still head for the hotel. At least I know where it is and that there will definitely be a toilet available when I get there. These ones might be closed or vandalised or something.” She glanced around her, weighing up the relevant positions of her targets. She reasoned that if she headed for her hotel she might pass a cafe or restaurant where she could use the toilet.

On the other hand, if she didn’t come across a cafe or something there was a good chance that she might not be able to hold on long enough and end up arriving back at the hotel with wet knickers. On the other hand, if she were to go to the park, she might find the toilets unavailable, but there might be somewhere secluded where she could squat and relieve herself un-noticed. Also, if she were to take the path along the wooded area of the park and did loose control and have an accident, then at least it wouldn’t be like doing it in the street, as no one would see her.

Whilst she stood there pondering her choices, her bladder suddenly decided to make up her mind for her. She was struck by a sudden spasm and practically had to do a dance to stop herself from letting go. That was it! She had to get to the toilets in the park – and quickly!

She hoped she was going to make it, as the last thing she wanted to do was wet herself. She wasn’t quite at that point yet, but she had to get to a toilet soon or it was going to be a distinct possibility. She entered the park and instinctively set off along the open path beside the river before gathering her senses and turning back to the path between the bushes and trees. thinking that she might not make the toilets and be able to find a secluded spot to use if necessary. As she went along she started to glance around, looking for a possible place to squat. The very fact that she was even considering that as an option gave some indication of how desperate she had become. She was a city girl, born and bred, and had virtually no experience of relieving herself anywhere but in the private confines of a proper toilet. In fact, her sole experience of having to take an emergency pee outdoors had gone very badly, the memory of which only made her more worried at her current predicament.

She had been in her early twenties and still living at home. She was an only daughter and had been part of a close family. She, her mother and her mother’s sister, aunt Pam had been returning from a function when they had been caught in traffic. Someone at the function had annoyed her mother to the extent that she was in a particularly foul mood, and she had rushed them away before they had been able to use the toilet. It would normally only have been a 30 minute journey, so they Sandra and aunt Pam weren’t too bothered, but the traffic jam lasted for two hours, buy which time both of them were desperately needing a loo.

Sandra’s mother was driving, with aunt Pam in the front beside her and Sandra in the back on her own. Once the traffic got moving, aunt Pam had asked Sandra’s mother to pull over in a suitable spot so that she could relieve herself, as she was desperate. Because her mother was in such a mood, she had ignored the request, telling Pam she would just have to wait. After a few more miles, it was obvious to Sandra that Pam was really bursting to pee. She had her hand pressed hard into her crotch and was rocking back and forth in her seat. Sandra herself was in as bad a state, with both hands pressing firmly between her legs which were twisted tightly together. Pam again asked Sandra’s mother to pull over, but she just snapped back at her to stop behaving like a schoolgirl.

After her mother’s second refusal, Sandra had started to whimper to herself, as she was sure she was about to go in her knickers and was terrified of her mother’s reaction. Then a really strong spasm hit her and she let out a loud gasp. Pam heard her and glanced round to see Sandra almost bent double with her hands up her skirt, squeezing herself for all she was worth and almost sobbing at the same time. Pam then asked her “Sandra, are you all right dear? You haven’t done it yet have you?” Sandra simply shook her head and said “No.” Then she blurted out, almost in tears – “I’m so desperate to wee! It’s almost coming out. I don’t think I can hold it any more! I’m about to wee my knickers!”

As soon as she had finished speaking, Sandra had begun to cry. The sight of this was too much for Pam, who had turned to Sandra’s mother and shouted “Stop this car at once! You may be prepared to let your own daughter piss herself because of your temper but you’re not going to let me do it. It’s your fault we didn’t get to use the toilet before we left. Now pull over at once!” The sudden outburst took Sandra’s mother by surprise and she started to mutter an apology. They were approaching a layby and she signalled to pull over and started to slow down.

Before the car had even come to a complete stop, aunt Pam had removed her seatbelt and was frantically pulling up the hem of her skirt with one hand. Her other hand was jammed tight between her thighs and she was squirming about almost uncontrollably. Once they stopped she swung open the door and squatted beside the car facing towards the rear, with one hand holding up her skirt and the other scrabbling away at her gusset. Sandra managed to gather her wits about her and get out as well.

When she looked at her aunt she saw her with squatting with her feet apart and a torrent of pee splashing on the ground. At first she thought that Pam was going through her knickers, but then saw that her hidden hand was actually holding the gusset of her knickers aside and that her peehole was clear of her clothing. She also noticed that the gusset area of Pam’s nude coloured knickers was a darker shade than the rest of the surrounding fabric, and glistening wet. Pam must have been leaking before they stopped and had obviously done part of her pee in her knickers before managing to pull the gusset aside. The sight of her aunt’s torrent had almost set Sandra off as well. As she was wearing a summer dress without tights, she thought she would copy her aunt and pull the gusset of her knickers aside. She managed to get them clear just as her own flood started.

Pee jetted out of her in a strong stream, which joined aunt Pam’s as it ran under the car back towards the road. It had been a close thing, but her amazingly her knickers were still dry. Whilst they were both in full flow, an HGV drove past. The driver must have guessed what they were doing and gave a sudden loud blast on the truck’s air horns. Sandra got such a start that she jumped involuntarily and in doing so the fabric of her gusset slipped from her fingers and back into place across her pee stream. By the time she had realised what was happening it was too late to prevent her underwear becoming well soaked, and she emptied the remaining contents of her bladder through her knickers. When they dried themselves off the best they could and got back in the car, her mother had scolded them both for not being able to wait and a full blown argument had started between her mother and aunt Pam as to who was to blame for their wet knickers.

That had been a traumatic and embarrassing experience and Sandra had vowed never to get herself into such a situation again. So far she had managed, but if she didn’t reach these toilets soon she was going to be forced to go in the bushes. As she hurried on, she kept glancing around for a secluded spot where she might be able to get the relief she so badly needed. The path wound through tall trees, with clumps of bushes and shrubbery set back off the path.

Most of the bushes were too small or too sparse to give adequate cover, so she pressed on toward the toilets, hoping that she was going to get there in time. She didn’t even dare to think about the possibility that they might be closed or out of order – her only focus was to reach them before it was too late. She had heard other women confessing to being absolutely desperate and almost wetting themselves, but had always wondered how on earth a grown woman could get herself in such a situation. However, now she knew just how easy it was for such a situation to develop and realised just how horrible the experience was.

The thought of actually not being able to wait and going in her knickers and tights was absolutely mortifying, so it was with some relief that the path swung sharply round and she saw the back of a building, which she assumed would be the toilets. There was a bare blank wall on the back, so she hurried around to the front, only to discover to her utter horror that the building wasn’t toilets but just an open shelter, raised up above the path. It had an open front and several wooded benches along the back. Sandra stood on the path, and thrust both her hands firmly into her crotch, looking frantically around for any clues to the whereabouts of the toilets. She had her legs knotted together and was visibly squirming on the spot. “Oh no, please no!” she muttered to herself. “What am I going to do? I thought that this would be the toilets but it isn’t. They must be further on. Oh dear, I hope I can make it. I’ve never been so desperate! I must get to a toilet!”

As she stood there holding herself and prancing from foot to foot, she became aware of laughter and shouting. She looked up at the shelter and saw two old men on one of the benches. They were laughing and pointing at her. When they saw her look at them they gesticulated wildly and pointed further along the path. Sandra’s eyes followed their directions and sure enough there was another building some distance along the path. “That must be the toilets” Sandra thought, as she headed off in their direction. “They are still some way off. Please let me get there in time. I don’t want to wet myself!”

She had gone a bit further when a sudden spasm hit her and she virtually had to stop and dance a jig to prevent herself from letting go. “Oh, OH, I’m never going to get there in time” thought Sandra. “I’m nearly doing it in my knickers! I’ll have to go in the bushes or it’ll be too late!” Glancing frantically around, she noticed a small gap in a group of thick bushes, with a well-worn path through the grass leading to it. The bushes were between shoulder and head height and looked quite dense. Sandra quickly headed for the gap, tugging up the hem of her skirt as she went. She got behind the bushes to find a bare area, littered with beer cans, bottles, condoms and tissues. It was obviously a well used spot, but offered her sufficient cover to relieve her aching bladder.

She set down her bags on the cleanest bit of ground she could find and quickly hoisted her skirt up to her waist. She had just got her hands on the waistband of her knickers and tights and was starting to relax her muscles and drop into a squat. She had a final look around and to her horror came face to face with a drunk tramp on the other side of the hedge. He was so far gone he didn’t even notice her, but she got such a shock she nearly wet herself there and then. She quickly dropped her skirt, picked up her bags and hurried back out onto the path. No matter how desperate she was, there was no way she was going to bare herself if there was even the slightest chance that she might be seen, especially by some weird strange man.

Once back on the path, she tried once more to head towards the toilets. However, the fact that she had been preparing to relieve herself seemed to make her need even worse, and she hadn’t gone far before she had to stop again and hold herself tightly whilst bobbing up and down. She was now almost frantic and didn’t know what to do or where to head for. Then another spasm hit her and she knew that it was too late. She felt the warm wetness around her crotch as the first spurt of pee escaped into her knickers. Then she felt a strange sensation of numbness and before she knew it a trickle of pee was running down both legs. She waddled off the path towards some bushes with her legs as far apart as her skirt would allow, dribbling pee as she went.

When she reached them she instinctively lifted her skirt clear of her bottom , and squatted with her thighs tight together as a flood of pee started to flow from her. She was sobbing both in shame and for the sense of relief she was experiencing. The contents of her aching bladder poured through the rear of her knickers and tights, forming a foaming puddle on the grass between her feet. She flung her head back and relaxed completely as the torrent continued, momentarily oblivious to everything around her. She seemed to pee for ages before her flow subsided and she regained her senses.

The whole crotch and bottom of her knickers and tights was a soggy mess, and there were wet streaks down the inside of both legs of her tights. Her black, shiny shoes were also splashed with pee. Gingerly she stood up and eased her skirt back down around her thighs, glancing around nervously as she did so. Luckily there did not seem to be anyone in the immediate area who would have seen what had just happened to her, but she still blushed red with embarrassment at her predicament. As she started back onto the path her wet knickers clung to her bottom and made walking uncomfortable.

“Oh dear” she thought to herself. “I must get to the toilet and take these wet things off before I mark my skirt. It seems to be dry at the moment. Oh, that was awful! I just couldn’t wait any longer. It just started to come out and I couldn’t stop. My knickers are drenched. I’ll have to take them off.”

Walking slowly with small steps in an attempt to avoid her wetness soaking into her skirt, it took Sandra a few minutes to reach the toilet building. To her enormous relief it was open and was very clean and well looked after. She quickly went into a cubicle and locked the door, before setting her bags up on a ledge. She then lifted her skirt and gingerly pulled down her wet clothing. She thought that she had totally emptied her bladder as she wet herself, but as she stood in the toilet cubicle with her legs apart and her knickers and tights around her knees the cold air suddenly caused her to dribble more pee onto her already drenched underwear and she had to quickly sit on the toilet to finish.

She managed to dry off and clean herself up, before putting on a spare pair of tights that she always kept handy in her bag. Then, after discarding her old tights in the waste bin, and carefully wrapping her wet knickers in a paper towel and putting them in the plastic bag her new tights had been in, she set off back towards the hotel. From the gate of the park to the hotel took her ten minutes walking briskly, so she realised that there was no way she would have reached it earlier with her knickers dry.

She had a shower, changed into fresh clothes and rinsed out her wet knickers before hanging them on a radiator to dry. Then she made herself a cup of tea from the hospitality tray in her room. She really liked the tea provided and so studied the packaging to note the name, as she thought she would buy some to bring home. That was when she saw the warning notice on the packet.- “Contains mild diuretics. Not for use by those with sensitive bladders” At least she now had an excuse for her accident!

*003*2013-09-21 11:47

Thanks for the positive comments on my story. Unfortunately it had to be based on fantasy rather than real experiences.

I have a few more i am working on and hope to post another sometime soon.

