The Kidnapper

Author: Apeman711

*000*2012-05-20 10:18

My first story posted here. It's going to be a bit short, just to see what you guys think. Hope you enjoy it.

​Mackenzie Seib was literally the most perfect 16 year old girl you would ever see. She was drop dead gorgeous. She didn't have the largest breasts, but her C cups were perfect for most, if not all guys. She had a perfect ass, and toned, athletic legs. Her tight blue short shorts showed her ass off amazingly, and she caught more than one guy sneaking a glance when they thought she wasn't looking.

For the second time in her life, Mackenzie was desperate for the bathroom. Never before had she had to go this badly at school, but she hadn't had the chance to relieve herself after her soccer practice that morning, and she had drank a lot of water.

It was 6th period, the final one of the day, and she was bouncing around in her seat, her breasts threatening to spill out of her low cut tank top. She crossed her legs and looked up at the clock, sighing with relief that there was only 5 minutes left in class.

When the bell rang Mackenzie was the first person out of class, and she was closing her locker by the time most kids were just starting to open theirs. She opened the school doors, and started the walk home.

Luckily for her, she lived just two minutes away from the school, but by the time she reached the front of her driveway, she was absolutely bursting! There was a strange red van in the driveway, but she paid it no mind, assuming her parents had some company over.

She walked up the front steps and struggled to find her keys in her purse. She bent over at her waist to hold back a wave of desperation. She wouldn't lose control. She couldn't wet herself this close to salvation.

She found the keys and inserted them into the lock, swinging the door open quickly. As she did so, she felt a little spurt of urine slip from her urethra into her green panties. She moaned, and then called out, "I'm home, but I'm dieing for the toilet!"

Mackenzie stepped into the living room towards one of the two toilets when she realized something was amiss. Her mom was sitting on the couch with a terrified expression on her face. Her skirt had ridden up, and Mackenzie had a clear view of her moms cotton blue panties. They appeared to be slightly damp. Mackenzie would have laughed if there wasn't a tall, muscular man standing in the middle of the room with a gun trained on her mom.

She gasped, and as she did so the man turned towards her and said "Ah, here she is." He grinned as he transferred the gun over and pointed at Mackenzie instead.

So many questions raced through her head at one time. Why Was this man in her house? Why did he have a gun? And why were her crotch and legs getting warm? She looked down and saw a dark patch growing on the front of her shorts. Urine was streaming down her legs, and into her Toms(a shoe brand). She almost burst into tears.

She looked up and made eye contact with the man. "Who-" she started, but he cut her off.

"Quiet!" he roared and stormed towards her. She flinched and put her hands up, but he slammed the butt of the gun into the side of her temple. She fell to the floor, and everything went dark.

So what did you guys think? Constructive criticism only please. Should I continue?

*007*2012-05-21 05:58

{{: 

I really like this. My only question is why you posted it twice? Just a mistake?

}}

Yes, that was purely accidental. My browser tripped out while I was posting. I've already PM'd Shu and asked him to delete the other one. :)

And thanks for all the positive feedback guys. Next chapter should be up in a couple hours. Hope you guys don't mind some messing. :)

Well here's the next chapter. Hope you guys enjoy it as much as you did the last. It will be changing perspectives a few times, so hope it doesn't get too confusing.

As the girl crumpled at my feet I slid the gun into my jeans pocket. I turned and saw that the mom was about to scream. I ran towards her, and put my hand over her mouth just in time. When she realized that my hand was there she bit down hard, but I was expecting it. I reached up with my other hand and gripped the back of her neck. At first I thought I should kill her, but that would make things too easy. Instead I applied pressure on the base of her skull until I felt her go weak in my arms. I let her drop to the floor.

Turning around, I strode towards the unconscious girl on the floor. I'd been stalking her for quite some time now, and in person she was everything I hoped she would be. I bent down and threw her over my shoulder, starting towards the car. As I did so, the smell of urine hit me, and I saw the large wet spot on the bottom of her pants. I felt myself getting hard. "Not now John, not now," I whispered, "Wait until Memphis."

The back doors of my van swung open, and I threw the girl inside. I reached towards the side of the truck until I found the duct tape. The tape sealed her mouth perfectly, making sure she wouldn't be able to yell for help. Two lengths of rope were right beside the duct tape, so I grabbed those as well. I first bound her hands together behind her back, and then bound her feet together, to make sure she wouldn't be able to open the back doors and jump out.

I slammed the doors shut, and walked around to the drivers side door. I pulled out of the driveway and drove through a couple neighborhoods before I pulled onto the I-30E and started the drive towards Memphis, Tennessee. As I crossed the Fort Worth city border I flipped my iPod onto shuffle. The first song that came through the speakers was Sympathy for the Devil by The Rolling Stones. "Fitting," I grinned to my self.

"Fort Worth Police Station"

"AMBER ALERT! AMBER ALERT! AMBER ALERT!" blared all throughout the station at 6:23 local time.

"Fuck!" Mitch shouted loudly. "Fuck, fuck, fuck." Mitchell Grant had just finished hunting down serial killer James Hunter. It was a tiring experience, and he was in no mood to track down a kidnapper. Mitchell wasn't the only officer at the Fort Worth Police Station (FWPS), but he was by far the most senor, so he often ended up with the biggest cases. Sure enough, his sexy secretary Morgan walked in sporting a low cut blouse, and a skirt that barely reached her mid thighs. "This one is yours, Mitchie," she said dropping the documents on his desk. She spun on her heel, which was difficult to do in such tall high heels, and sauntered out of the room.

Mitchell sighed and ran his hands through his hair, leaning back in his chair. He opened his eyes and started flipping through the document. "Mackenzie Madison Seib. Orange hair, blue eyes. 5 feet, 4 inches, and 110lbs. Not the best description to work with, but it'll work. Oh, nevermind the mom's faxed over a picture," he said noting the attached photo for the first time. "Huh, she's pretty," he noted, examining the picture.

He walked out of his office and dropped the picture on Morgan's desk. "Have this sent out to every news station Name's Mackenzie Seib."

"Already done," said Morgan.

"And that's why I love you," he said slipping her a seductive wink. "Well, I'm off to question the mom. This is going to be just great," he grabbed his jacket and headed out the door.

"Good luck!" Morgan called after him.

Back to Mackenzie

Mackenzie awoke when the van slowed to a stop. She was extremely stiff. She tried to take a deep breath and stretch, but her hands were tied behind her back and her mouth was taped shut! Her eyes were wide open now, and she was breathing rapidly through her nose. Now she remembered where she was. That sick creep had knocked her out, and now she must be in the back of his van! She tried to scream, but the tape stifled any type of sound she made. She looked around wildly. There were no windows, but she could her footsteps outside the van.

She heard the doors swing open, but everything was still dark. It must have been night time. "Well, hello there," she heard a voice say. Suddenly she was lifted from the van, and she felt a now familiar feeling in her lower tummy. The feeling of liquid sloshing in her bladder. The man dropped her on the ground, which sent a sharp pain through her abdomen. She also felt another feeling higher up in her stomach, but she couldn't figure out what it was.

The doors to the fan were slammed shut, and once again she was picked up off the ground like a sack of potatoes. She heard a door opened and shut again, and then she was going downstairs. The pain in her abdomen was getting worse, and she new she'd have to pee -- soon! She just hoped the man would let her go.

They reached the bottom of the stairs, and once again she was dropped on the floor. She came so close to wetting herself for the second time in 12 hours, but somehow she held on. Her arms were jerked wildly behind her, and so were her feet. It was extremely uncomfortable. There was a slight sound of rope on rope, and when the man walked away she realized her limbs had been tied together. This prohibited her from moving at all, which made it extremely hard to control her bladder. If she could have, she would have had both hands in her urethra, her legs crossed, and she'd be bent at the waist doing whatever it would take to hold urine in.

As she had time to sit there for a few seconds she realized what the feeling was in her upper stomach. Actually, the feeling was in her bowels to be more specific. She had to poop. And bad. It was a terrible feeling being on the verge of wetting and messing herself, and she felt a tear come to her eye. She hoped that she would make it until the man would let her use the bathroom

Well that's it for today. The next chapter will of course be tomorrow. Tomorrow there will be a lot more desperation, some BDSM stuff, and of course some wetting and messing.

*015*2012-07-01 09:48

Sorry it's taken so long to get to the next chapter. I really haven't been able to get on much. Hope you guys like this part as much as the last two.

Mitchell went up the porch steps quickly. He reached out with his arm and pressed the doorbell. Almost immediately Mackenzie's mom, Stephanie swung the door open. Stephanie and Mackenzie didn't look a lot alike Mitchell noticed. Both were pretty, but Stephanie was taller as well as bonier. Both shared the vibrant green eyes, but Stephanie's hair was black rather than orange like Mackenzie's.

"Hi there," said Mitchell with a smile. "My name's Mitchell Grant, and I'll be the detective in charge of your daughter's case. Do you mind if I come in?" He said, gesturing inside the house.

"Please, Please do," said Stephanie, her voice cracking. "Anything that will help you find 'Menzie"

Mitchell nodded in acknowledgement and stepped inside the house. He walked towards what he assumed to be the living room and found himself a seat on the leather couch. As he sat down he noticed a large stain in the carpet, close to where he had walked in from. There was a strange aroma coming from it, but he couldn't quite tell what it was.

"Alright," said Mitchell as Stephanie sat in a love seat across the room from him. She was still wearing the same pencil skirt she was wearing earlier, with the same, slightly damp, underwear on underneath. "I'm going to have to ask you a few questions about the man who took your daughter. I know this is going to be hard for you, but please try to remember every detail. Understand?"

Stephanie nodded that she did,

"Good." Mitchell opened up a stereotypical black-coil police notebook and started to take notes "First things first, how did he get here?"

"I'm not sure," said Stephanie, her voice cracking again, tears threatening to spill out of her eyes. "I only caught a glimpse of it as I opened the door. It was red... I think... and it was a van."

"Make and model?"

"I don't know!" cried Stephanie feeling that she was failing her daughter. This time, the tears did start to fall down her face.

Mitchell realized he might be taking too hard of an approach to this. He decided to try to be softer, kinder, so he went and sat beside Stephanie rather than across from her. He put his hand in her lap, and instantly she latched onto it. "It's OK." he soothed "You're doing the best you can. Don't worry. We'll catch him."

Stephanie nodded, gulping, and choking back the tears.

"Now," he asked "Can you describe the man?"

"Um," Stephanie bit her lip trying to remember "he had brown stubble. I think he was bald... No wait. It was a buzz cut."

Mitchell nodded eagerly, making sure to take everything down.

"Brown hair, brown eyes," Stephanie described. "He had a scar running down the left side of his face."

"What was he wearing?" Mitchell prompted.

"Jeans... Construction boots, brown. I barely got a glimpse of them when he knocked me out... Oh! He was wearing a sort of lumberjack shirt. longsleeve, green and black plaid."

Mitchell nodded and shut his notebook. "Well," he started. "That should be a suitable description. We'll send out this information, and see if anyone has noticed a van like the one you described. He turned to leave, but noticed the stain again. "Oh right... Can you tell me what this is?" he asked, gesturing towards the dark stain.

"Oh, that?" said Stephanie gulping. "That was Mackenzie.... She had an.. accident. When the man pointed the gun at her... I guess it just scared her too much."

"Ah," said Mitchell nodding in understanding.

"I had one too... An accident I mean..." Stephanie suddenly blurted out, not entirely sure why. "That's why the back of my skirt is damp..." she said sheepily.

"I understand... You must have been very traumatized." Mitchell suddenly felt compelled to give the woman a hug. "We'll find your daughter," he whispered into her ear. He could feel her sobbing into his shoulder. "Don't worry," he said softly, barely audible over her sobbing. They stayed embraced like that for a minute until Stephanie's sobs ceased to exist. Just as they did, a telephone ring pierced the silence.

Welp. I'm veryveryveryvery sorry that there's no wetting this time around, it's 4 in the morning and I'm pretty tired. This helps to move the story along at least. I promise next time there will be wetting and messing. I'm not entirely sure I want to include BDSM anymore, but if you guys want it I will. Please tell me if you do or not... Oh, and I'll try not to make you guys wait so long next time. ;)

