Sisterhood of Blood - Page 18

Author: frostyjr2

*428*2014-06-20 14:13

Thanks for the kind words, people. They are always much appreciated !

Here's the final bit of Pt. 51 (i didn't want to leave you hanging too much longer, )

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (PT.51c)

MATCH POINT (cont'd.)

(sound track: Bring Me To Life, by Evanescence)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3YxaaGgTQYM?feature=oembed"

As we came around the corner, the rest of the combatants had gathered around the last two still fighting.

Apparently Petra and Vicky had both lost their matches; they were standing there chastened and disarmed next to Judith and Kris.

The score was even now, three victories and three defeats, and the final outcome would rest on this last match, win or lose.

It was River and Cestus, still fighting ferociously.

Although Cestus was the faster of the two, River was countering his speed with her teleportation skill and somehow managing to evade his sword on any potentially lethal strike.

It was fascinating to watch her as she danced her way out of danger over and over again, and I could sense the frustration of her opponent at his inability to best her.

Finally, Cestus grew impatient; wanting to end the fight, he made a small technical error in his attack.

This allowed River to counterattack. That had always been her specialty, and it was quite effective this time.

With a heavy strike of her sabre, she quite literally disarmed her opponent, severing his hand at the wrist and sending it and the sword it still held flying through the air.

River quickly moved the edge of her weapon to her adversary’s throat as Cestus fell to his knees before her, his blood spurting violently from the wound.

“Surrender now, and this thing will be over. There’s no need for you to be destroyed,” River said.

“Surrender… to an upstart like you?” Cestus said with a sneer. “Better that I should cease to exist than to be defeated and dishonored so… do what you will now.”

I could see River’s face darken at that; the insult the pale thin vampire had just delivered was having its intended effect.

He was deliberately trying to provoke and enrage her, but what could he possibly gain by that now?

“Well, if that’s the way you want it, then take that!” she fairly shouted in her anger.

She drew back her sabre, then rapidly thrust it forward.

The pale thin vampire didn’t flinch, but instead met her blade with a sardonic smile on his lips.

“River, don’t!” I cried.

I was trying to prevent her from delivering the coup de grace, but it was too late.

Cestus fell to the ground as River’s blade pierced his heart. His pale face was contorted into a last mocking sneer, and his last words were “Au revoir, mes amis.”

With his good hand, he grabbed hold of her slender legs and the two of them disappeared for an instant before only River rematerialized in front of us.

“NO! Master!” Bethy exclaimed, horrified.

Now my sweet little sister was standing there with a rather pleased expression on her face as she casually wiped the blood from her sword.

I don’t think she realized what had just happened in the heat of the moment, and it would take a little while for the full essence of Cestus’s evil to merge with her own nature.

Still, the damage had already been done.

Hannah and I both watched helplessly as the change came over her.

We could see something different in her blue eyes now, as if those beautiful pools of water had become as cold as ice, frozen over by a sudden blast of winter chill.

There was still just enough left of her to realize what had happened, and she gave us a horrified look as she uttered, “Oh, goddess, what have I done?”

Then she dropped her sabre and teleported out of sight.

I could swear I saw tears in her eyes just before she vanished, tears of regret at what she had lost forever.

Her innocence was gone now; it had been sacrificed in the name of victory.

In winning the match for us, she had lost… herself.

And now I wept too.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*432*2014-06-21 19:21

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (PT. 52)

TOMORROW NEVER KNOWS

EPILOGUE:

Cannes, one year later...

(sound track: The Senate, by Foley with Miles Davis)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jK2vK6q9rVY?feature=oembed"

The band was vamping hard, Miles just listening and enjoying the sound of his latest ensemble, especially his newest recruit, lead bassist Foley.

Hannah was obviously digging it, and so was I. It was everything that Frosty and the Snowmen had tried to be, and more. Perfect.

Well, almost perfect. There wasn’t going to be any wetting up on stage, but as desperate as Hannah had me at the moment, I had a feeling I might just take care of that from the audience side this time.

I was squirming and trying to keep my mini in place as it rose inexorably up my bare smooth thighs to expose the tiny triangle of my black satin panties.

Yeah, once again I had let Hannah convince me to wear a miniskirt and heels; what can I say?

It was Cannes, it was the Film Festival, and in any case I never could say no to her, even if I had wanted to.

Petra was sitting at a table up front along with her brother, Kat and little sister Vicky.

I smiled to myself; Petra and Vicky were both showing the telltale signs of a desperate holding session, the two of them squirming quite seductively in their chairs.

They had a special guest with them as well: Dr. Perry.

They had all decided to return the good doctor’s kindness to Petra with a very special gift, and now he too was one of us.

“Well, I guess you believe my story now, don’t you, Doctor?” Petra asked with a smile on her lovely lips.

“To tell you the truth, Petra, I always knew that you believed what you were saying was the truth, but I’m relieved to know that it was actually all true all along," Doctor Perry answered, adjusting his spectacles on his nose. "Disturbed, slightly, but relieved nonetheless.”

“Don’t you worry about it, Doc,” Peter said, smiling.

“You’ve got plenty of time now to get used to the idea.”

Kat grinned as he said this and took his hand, squeezing it gently.

“All the time in the world,” she said softly.

The black giant sitting at a corner table all by himself gestured to another figure across the room, and as she approached and removed the black leather mask covering her face, I recognized her.

It was Bethy; she was wearing a tight black lycra top, a short black leather skirt, a pair of sheer black tights and very high black leather stiletto heels.

As she came up to his table, Mokolo quickly slipped his hand up under her short miniskirt and in between her legs. She tried to pull away, but the large man only laughed and held her more firmly.

“Don’t be concerned or embarrassed, my dear girl,” he said with a smile on his broad black face.

“There’s not enough there to make any difference to me in any case. What time do you finish your shift?””

Bethy smiled coyly at him now, having finally found a new master to serve.

“I’ll be done before daybreak.”

“Just remember, you still work for me, sweetie,” River said to her with a cold smile.

“Well then, we’d better get back to it, hadn’t we?” Bethy replied before they both headed towards the stage.

River paused for a brief moment to give Vicky a much warmer smile, and touched her hand tenderly before moving off again.

A few moments later, the blood red velvet curtain parted, and there was my little sister at the center of the small pool of light, wearing a black velvet tuxedo, a frilly low cut white satin blouse, and a pair of black patent leather pumps with high stiletto heels.

She gestured towards the band stand, and the music stopped.

“Welcome, Mesdames et Messieurs, to the Nouveau Petit Bal des Vampires,” River announced.

“As ever, we remain committed to providing only the finest show in order to amuse and entertain you all. And so, without further delay, I give you our latest attraction: Judith and Kris, along with the dare I say incomparable Bethy!”

The mixed crowd of hungry vampires and jaded humans let out a murmur of approval as the blood red velvet curtain behind her parted.

“I can’t wait for this shift to be over, J.,” Diana said, balancing her serving tray on her hip. ”My feet are killing me; these heels are torture!”

“It could be worse,” Janet replied. “That could still be us up there, remember?”

She gestured towards the stage where Judith and Kris were trussed up in an intricate shibari tie and joined in the infinite pee loop, with Judith above and Kris below, their bladders swollen almost to the bursting point with urine and their urethrae blocked with catheters which were about to be released. Neither of them looked very happy at the moment.

Bethy had put her mask back on, and was now poised with her wooden paddle at the ready.

“True that!” Diana said with a smile.

“Under new management,” I said to Hannah, grinning widely.

“I like this place a whole lot better nowadays!”

As she stepped off of the stage and made her way over towards our tables, River smiled at us.

“Those two will be working out their penance for past actions with us for some time to come. And in the meantime, they can just feed off of each other's negative energy,” she said with a cruel laugh as she looked back over her shoulder at the trio onstage.

“I think we can safely say that we’ll be back every so often to see the show now, even if only to check on their continued progress,” Hannah replied with a laugh of her own.

“But in the end, even they shall be redeemed.”

And so the wheel of karma turns, and sometimes things actually do change for the better.

Even what seems like a bad thing at the time may eventually turn out to have a good consequence in the long run, especially if you live long enough to see it.

And sometimes, even vampires get to have a happy ending…

<THE END>

*435*2014-06-22 13:09

Wettingman, in Chapter 13 'Reunited', Dr. Perry is the agent behind Petra's release from the mental institution she was confined to after the first encounter with Judith and Kris at Porte de Vanves. In addition, he consistently showed concern and kindness to her during her long incarceration (i believe he was quite taken with her...)

*438*2014-06-25 11:59

{{: 

Nice ending enjoyed very much, but doesn't Bethy belong to Cool now?

}}

Well, since Hannah is the head of our clan, and i'm her sub, technically anything that 'belongs' to me really belongs to Hannah, and as the head of the winning clan it was up to Hannah to decide the fate of each and every member of the opposing clan.

Personally, i think she did a great job putting everyone where they belonged !

Glad you enjoyed the ending !

*439*2014-06-28 19:49

Dear friends, fans, and fiends:

I had hoped for a few more comments before this story disappeared from the front page of this section,

​but i guess that won't be happening, so i'd like to close with some acknowledgements.

​First and foremost, i'd like to thank my dearest friend orango, without whose unflagging support this tale might never have even been started, much less completed, and then give thanks particularly to wettingman, who never failed to post a nice comment on a chapter.

You guys gave me a reason to keep going ​through even the hardest times !

To my moon sisters Vikka and Riviara (miss you terribly, sis), thanks also for your loving support…

We may not be Royals, but we're now immortals, which is even better imo !

Thanks also to N., for always being there for me, no matter what.

​Thanks to all of the many folks who took the time to read this tale, and special thanks to all of you who took the extra time to leave a comment or two along the way !

Thanks also to Dessy, because it was in casual conversation with her one night that the basic premise - for the story came into my head.

And last but not least, thanks to Kirito, for running a wonderful site and giving me the platform to express what was in my heart, mind, and soul.

Somehow, i have a feeling this is just the end of one part of the story…

*444*2014-07-06 18:02

Hopefully she's OK, sis.

Just in case, i've tried to give her an edge... :)

