School trip on a very special cruise - Page 5

Author: OmoNeon

*100*2023-02-05 21:28

Chapter 18.

###

They had left the restaurant and now all sorts of emotions and thoughts where rushing through Luna's mind.

While leaving they had consciously decided to skip their toilet break while accepting all oncoming consequences.

They were strolling through the town while sometimes stopping to check out some shop's window, not that it really mattered as they had all closed by now.

Meanwhile Luna was checking out her new phone, it was so responsive compared to her old one that sometimes would stutter or even freeze. But not the new one, it was super quick.

She loved it already. She was fooling around with it while taking pictures of their group, comparing the new photos with the ones from her old phone and she was very impressed with the quality improvement.

It seemed the others weren't in a hurry either, not at all worried about the effect that the drug had on their bladders, which meant soon they were gonna have to pee, if they don't already need to... were they gonna let go in their pants? Or try to hold? Or maybe they'll change their mind and look for a toilet... But everything seemed closed by now so that wasn't an option even if they wanted to.

Talking about bladders filling up, Luna's bladder was already bursting, she really needed to pee.

Walking through the streets of the town she was wondering how long she was even be able to hold it.

Was she gonna hold it for as long as possible and end up having a real accident?

Or give in and just let it flow down her jeans shorts?

Letting out leaks and spurts wetting her pants slowly was also an option.

One thing she was sure of, she was dying of anticipation for the moment she was gonna wet her shorts.

Vicky and Selena were walking up front while Luna was behind with Chloe.

Luna had started fidgeting with her phone, sometimes unlocking her screen to browse through some app to lock it again and continue fidgeting with it.

She had convinced herself as much as possible that it's not a big deal that random strangers will see her wet pants, and after all after getting back on the ship she would never set foot in this town ever again so even if people saw her in wet pants... it literally didn't matter. On the other hand, the idea of wetting her pants in public was arousing her like crazy!

The sun was slowly setting, by the time they would arrive at the ship it would probably be getting dark outside, meaning their wet pants won't be as obvious.

Cars were passing by once in a while, at one of the houses they were walking by there were people sitting in their frontyard and here and there they passed by other people that were out walking. If she would wet her pants now people would definitely see!

Luna was still fidgeting with her phone, knowing this drug she was probably minutes away from wetting herself, which seemed inevitable at this point.

They got to an intersection and waited a few seconds for the light to turn green so they could cross. Luna wasn't sure what exactly had given it away, but Vicky seemed to tense up for a few seconds, was it the blank stare or rather the fact she had spread her feet just ever so slightly more apart than usual?

Followed by giggling from Vicky and Selena as the light turned green and they started crossing.

"Did you just pee?" Luna asked while chuckling.

"A little bit, my panties got a little wet." Vicky said in a down to earth manner. "It's not like it's visible on my pants."

In the middle of crossing the street with cars waiting for them to pass Vicky paused, leaned a little bit on one foot, tensed up and let out a small moan.

"hhm, Ok now it's gonna show a wet patch." Vicky said casually,

"Oh yea that's visible now." Selena remarked,

They all giggled at what Vicky had just done, her casual demeanor making it even better.

Immediatly after they were done giggling and had crossed the intersection, it was Selena who paused, announced she was gonna release some pressure from her own bladder, leaned a bit on one foot as well and tensed up.

Luna could see how a few droplets fell from her shorts leg, she loved how casual they were acting about it.

Luna felt a spasm go through her own bladder and decided in the moment she wanted to release some pressure as well, on a whim she relaxed her bladder and pushed, forcing a long spurt of pee out and letting it hit the inside of her panties. She enjoyed the feeling of soaking her panties with pee, even though she had been a bit careless and realized she had probably let out more than initially intended when she could feel the wetness spread in her panties. The thrill of letting pee go in her panties in the middle of the street with people around was making her feel euphoric!

Oh well, there's probably a visible wet spot she thought, she didn't mind, her panties felt nice and wet. Constantly reminding her of what she had done.

While continuing their walk Luna checked her crotch, yep there was a small wet patch on her jeans shorts. Actually she wanted to let some more out so she paused her walk for just a little bit and let out another spurt into her panties. Oh she was enjoying this more and more.

Knowing that the wet patch on her shorts was spreading further with each spurt was only adding to her arousal.

She couldn't help it, she relaxed and let out another spurt in her panties while walking, adding more wetness in her shorts. Chloe had noticed now.

"Haha Luna is also peeing." Chloe said carefree. "Am i the only one with dry panties now?"

"Oh yea that's a nice wet patch!" Vicky pointed out to Luna's crotch, "Just let some go in your pants Chloe, no need to be shy about it."

Oh god Luna loved how casual everyone was acting about this, but as Vicky said it she turned around facing the others and they all paused again, Vicky parted her feet and rested her hands on her knees while slightly bending forward and through her knees.

Random strangers seeing this would probably be confused at what she was doing but Luna and the others knew very well what she was about to do.

There was a visible but small wet spot on her crotch from her earlier spurts, the wet spot on her jeans was a deep blue which was contrasting with the normal faded blue color.

Quickly the wet patch started to spread.

Her crotch started to glisten with wetness as Luna realized she was letting out more than just a spurt. The wet patch spread around her crotch while a single streak was going down the inside of her thigh.

Vicky finally let out a small moan as she jumped up slamming her feet back togheter.

"Oohhh that felt nice!" Vicky chuckled.

Vicky was showing off her wet patch without any shame, a large deep blue stain was clearly visible on her faded jeans shorts.

Turning around now to show her butt, which had a obvious wet patch as well, surprisingly it had crept that high up her butt, it probably was because she was wearing tight fitting jeans.

"Nice!"

The others reacted and praised her as if she had accomplished some sort of achievement.

Vicky didn't seem to be bothered at all at how visible it was. In fact, as they started walking again someone passed by them from behind on a bicycle. It was obvious the guy did a double take looking at Vicky, he probably had seen the whole scene and was wondering why she had pissed her pants seemingly on purpose.

They all laughed at the funny reaction of the guy, he must've been so confused at what he had seen.

They continued their walk joking and laughing while a bit further Chloe announced:

"Alright i really need to pee, i don't think i can hold any longer even if i wanted to!" Chloe said brazenly,

They were still walking when Chloe said it and Luna her attention shifted, she couldn't keep her eyes off Chloe anymore, she didn't want to miss this, meanwhile she was still fidgeting with her phone.

She wasn't paying attention to where she was walking however, and this had made her miss the little step that was on the walkway and hit her foot on it, making her lose her footing while stumbling and fumbling her phone out of her hand.

"shit shit shit" She couldn't let her phone fall on the ground, it was brand new!

Like in a cartoon she fumbled the phone more than once while stumbling over her feet until she finally managed to catch her phone... she froze in place standing on one foot, with her phone in both hands right above the ground and with a shocked expression on her face. Almost as if she was auditioning for the next Looney Tunes.

They all bursted out in laughter as the scene was just too hilarious. Vicky and Selena were wheezing while grasping their stomach.

"You're gonna make me piss myself!" Chloe shouted while laughing hysterically with tears in her eyes.

In reaction to Chloe they now all laughed even harder remembering her bladder weakpoint and what might happen now.

Chloe crouched down from laughing out loud, Luna crouched a little as well to get a better view of her butt.

"She's pissing herself!" Luna shouted, more laughter errupted,

A dark wet stain was spreading on Chloe's butt with drips starting to fall on the concrete below her, drips turned into a stream for a couple of seconds before she regained control over her bladder again.

They were all having a good laugh over this and Chloe herself had tears in her eyes, from laughing that is, after all she wasn't trying all that hard to fight her bladders weakness.

When they were finally done laughing and Chloe stood up again they all checked the damage on her jeans shorts. Of course as expected, her butt had a big wet patch while leaving a small puddle on the concrete.

Chloe tried to sound upset and serious but she couldn't hide her excitement, "You made me piss myself!"

It was clear that Chloe was having just as much fun, if not more fun with this as the others were having. Just like Vicky she didn't seem to be ashamed at all that she had just pissed herself.

Luna countered with, "You were about to pee in your pants anyway!"

"Ok, Guilty!" Chloe admitted while she showed off her wet butt, "Tell me it's not too visible?"

"Oh no, no one will notice!" Luna said with sarcasm oozing out of her mouth while laughter errupted once more.

They were all having too much fun with this, caring less and less if people saw the state their pants were in.

Once they regained their composure they carried on walking,

Luna and Chloe were holding hands now and Luna had stuffed her phone away before any other accidents could happen to it.

She thought how Chloe could probably use her her back up sweater in her back pack and tie it around her waist to hide the wet patch.

On second thought, she didn't seem to be bothered one bit that she was walking around in visibly peed pants. It also was only visible from behind as her front got spared. She decided to not even bring it up.

Good idea anyway as she looked even more sexy now with the big wet patch on her butt.

Meanwhile cars were still passing by them, surely some of them must have seen their wet pants, especially Chloe and Vicky's.

Out of nowhere Chloe suddenly said with a cocky attitude, "Pretty sure my wet patch is the biggest!"

"Oh no not this again!" Luna laughed, thinking back of earlier today when Chloe was trying to make it some sort of competition just to make Luna wet herself.

Luna snitched, "She tried that same tactic earlier on me so i would wet my shorts!"

"Sorry, but not sorry!" Chloe said with a devilish smile on her face,

They all laughed over this, Luna her stomach started to feel sore from all the laughing. They were having a great time.

Vicky pointed out, "Well i think i'm 2nd, and then it's either Luna or Selena who peed the least."

"Hold on!" Luna blurted out,

Luna stopped walking when she had quickly decided to play along with Chloe's little game. The spurts in her pants from earlier had only released some pressure, she was still bursting to pee.

Luna had made peace by now that random strangers would see her in soaked pants and she didn't want to lose to Selena anyway, she spread her feet apart in the middle of the sidewalk.

A shiver went over Luna's spine as she realized what she was about to do and relaxed her bladder.

Vicky playfully cheered, "Just let it flow girl!"

Relief washed over her as she felt that all too familiar feeling of pee streaming in her panties. She loved how she could feel the warm glow in her panties while it started to spread further.

They watched how her crotch was starting to glisten with pee while further soaking into her jeans shorts. Only when she could feel her pee was starting to spread down the insides of her thighs and some droplets were going down her legs she stopped her stream.

With pounding heart she saw how the remaining pee was getting absorbed in her shorts, a big wet patch covered her crotch and down on the inside of her thighs, she was pretty sure it reached all the way back on her butt. This was surely big enough to be visible for passersby.

She had purposefully wet her jeans shorts in the middle of the street... and had enjoyed it.

Selena said, "That must've felt good!"

"Sure did!" Luna sounded a little out of breath,

Before she could even claim her victory the wet patch on Selena's blue sport shorts started to glisten with fresh pee, drops started to fall down and go down her legs as Luna realized Selena was releasing her own stream of pee.

"Screw it, i'm just gonna let it all out." Selena said as she spread her feet apart.

No way... was she really gonna?

They could see how the drops going down her legs turned into streams, with a moan coming from Selena the hissing sound quickly started. It was clear she was emptying her bladder, her whole crotch got shiny with pee while it was spreading all over her shorts and on the inside of her thighs, pee was streaming down her shorts legs and loudly splattering on the concrete below her.

"Now that must feel good!" Vicky squeeled, "She's actually going all the way!"

Selena was standing with her mouth slightly open, expression of content and relief was plastered on her face while she was creating a puddle underneath her.

A car drove by that honked his horn, the girls waved. Selena didn't even flinch and continued emptying her bladder, still enjoying the relief.

Her stream finally subsided and she wiggled her butt to get the last drops to fall down, similar to how Chloe had done on the hike earlier.

"Damn that felt good!" Selena let out a sigh, "I can't believe i just wet my shorts out in the open though."

"It's fine, no need to be ashamed about it!" Vicky reassured her,

Selena agreed, "I'm not actually, i don't mind it anymore if people see that i wet myself."

She said that while checking the damage on her shorts, of course the front was soaked, her butt didn't get spared either this time. Overall it wasn't too bad as the wet patch wasn't much bigger than the others because her shorts were of a light fabric that didn't soak up a lot of liquid.

With recent events and joined by her friends Luna felt at ease with the idea of walking around with wet pants, her bladder was giving her a signal it still wanted release. Even her bladder seemed to agree her shorts were as good as any other place to release it's contents.

Without thinking about it she let her bladder relax and just as she was about to wet her shorts completely Chloe spook up, making her stop her pee from coming out.

"Look over there! There's a little shop over there that's still open, what's that?" Chloe pointed,

Selena chimed in, "Oh yea i remember that, we went past it earlier but it was closed back then, it kinda looked cool!"

They all stood in front of the shop's window, checking out what it had to offer.

There were all sorts of little trinkets and souvenirs. The shop had a cozy atmosphere.

"Want to go check inside?" Vicky asked seriously,

They were all in visibly peed pants by now, yet Luna didn't mind all that much, she agreed.

"Umm, gonna point out the obvious here but... We all have wet pants?" Chloe sheepishly said,

"And?" Selena and Vicky asked while pretending to be oblivious, Luna laughed at how nonchalant they were acting.

They all entered the cozy shop, an old lady was sitting behind the counter while she seemed invested in the book she was reading. She glanced up from the book to greet them and continued reading. It didn't seem she had noticed their wet shorts.

Luna felt hyper aware of her wet shorts and panties. It felt unreal to her she had deliberately wet her shorts earlier and decided to just enter a shop still in her soggy pants.

They explored further into the shop when Vicky whispered, "She didn't notice our wet pants right?"

"nope" They all whispered back. "Don't think so"

They checked out the trinkets, there were pretty dream catchers, bracelets and necklaces as well as many other types of souvenirs and gadgets but then there was something that caught Luna's eye. It was perfect she felt like, she wanted to buy this.

While she was still looking around for other stuff she got reminded that her bladder was still very much full.

They were more in the back of the shop and the elder lady behind the counter doesn't have a line of sight to her or the others. She could feel how her full bladder wanted to relax on it's own again, trying to hold her pee felt the same feeling as if she was sitting on a toilet and actively trying to hold.

She stopped trying to hold it and instead she just let her bladder relax on it's own.

Luna spread her feet a little and after a few seconds pee started to stream into her panties and she enjoyed the warmth that was caressing her pussy as she was nonchalantly wetting her pants in the middle of the shop.

"Haha your girlfriend needed to pee i think." Vicky said while standing a bit further next to Chloe,

Chloe gasped "Holy shit Luna."

Luna glanced down to see her crotch glistening with pee, her wet patch from earlier was expanding and spreading further down as well. Only when she could feel the first drops going down her legs again she stopped her stream. Not that she was scared to wet her pants further, she just didn't want to mess up the old ladies floor.

Her pants felt nice, warm and wet.

The pressure on her bladder felt better by now and she enjoyed this new sort of freedom when wetting her shorts whenever she felt like. It was super obvious what she had done as her jeans shorts were soaked by now, she didn't mind if people saw though.

"Don't forget you still need to pass by the counter when we leave." Vicky pointed out, "Although i'm not the one to say that right now."

They chuckled over Vicky's comment while she was wearing visibly peed pants, if not more visible than Luna.

"If Chloe keeps her front to the lady she won't notice it probably, the front of her shorts are still dry." Selena pointed out, "Unless you don't care that she sees you peed in your shorts."

"I don't mind." Chloe said nonchalantly, "That said, i really need to pee"

"Just let some out." Luna said in a carefree manner,

Chloe her gaze went down to her own crotch which was still dry. Seconds later a wet patch started forming on her tight jeans short shorts, it slowly expanded over her crotch.

Chloe was slowly wetting her shorts, she had also made complete peace with the fact people would see her in pissed shorts.

Some drops were running down from her legs and into her socks and shoes, only then she stopped her flow.

"That feels a bit better." Chloe said while letting out a small sigh.

When they felt like they were done browsing the shop they made their way to the counter.

Luna brazenly walked up to the counter, she had two matching bracelets in her hand.

When she got to the counter the lady looked up from her book, Luna's wet pants were hidden behind the counter she realized. She payed for the two bracelets and stepped back so Vicky could now pay for her little trinket she wanted to buy. Which meant she definitely flashed her wet shorts and Vicky probably as well.

The old lady her eyes widened and spook up, "You girls need a bathroom by any chance?"

"Nope, we're fine!" Vicky reassured her.

The old lady looked at each one of them, glanced at their pants, and after a small pause she continued.

"Alright then." The old lady shrugged, "Hold up, let me get a different one, this one is damaged."

The old lady walked to the back to get a non damaged trinket, it was then that Luna noticed.

While Vicky was standing at the counter with her back to the others waiting for the old lady to return, the small wet patch on her butt started to glisten from wetness and spread, the small streak between her thighs was expanding as well. She was peeing in her pants again.

The old lady returned, "Here you go, let me get your change."

By now Vicky's faded three-quarter jeans had pee cascading down them. The wet patch was spreading downwards and was already at knee height.

The inside and the back of her thighs were glistening with pee while some drops were falling down on her shoes and floor. After what must have been several seconds she finally seemed to have stopped her flow, her pants were soaked!

"You're too kind! Have a good evening." Vicky said while the others said goodbye as well.

They turned around and left the shop, while leaving their wet pants must've been in full view of the shopkeeper.

The old lady mumbled something and shrugged, "Weird new Tiktok trend probably, i must be getting too old."

They left the shop and continued their walk while they were all talking upbeat over what they had just done, the old lady seemed to be unfazed about the fact they all had obvious peed pants.

Luna had no worries and was simply enjoying herself while a breeze was caressing her legs, reminding her she was walking around in peed shorts. Her bladder was still full and she was thinking about relieving herself completely. But first,

She took out the bracelets and gave one to Chloe while putting on the other.

Chloe was over the moon with it and put it on.

Luna said a bit apologetic, "It's not nearly the same as a smartphone of course but..."

Chloe had cut her off and gave her a long kiss. "I love it!"

They got to an intersection and they had to wait for the red light, because she was standing still now Luna could feel her bladder start to relax on it's own again and decided she was gonna empty her bladder right then and there.

Seconds later pee freely streamed into her panties while she was standing at the side of the road next to her friends and girlfriend.

With a hissing sound she welcomed the warm glow she could feel in her crotch as pee was pouring down from her shorts. With the splattering on the ground, the others had now noticed Luna was peeing.

Her shoes and socks were getting wet as well as she was still standing with her feet closed.

She didn't mind though as she calmly continued emptying her bladder into her shorts, she loved how she was openly wetting herself like this without any consequences.

The others just kept talking about their topic, Luna wetting her shorts wasn't that far out of the ordinary anymore. The light came on green just when she was done peeing, she shook some of the drops off of her shorts legs and started crossing.

There was one car waiting for the red light as they crossed, Luna looked inside and there was an elderly couple in the car looking at her with agape mouth. They definitely must be wondering why this young woman waiting to cross the road had seemingly deliberately peed her shorts. On top of that her friends had wet shorts as well.

They all grinned while crossing seeing the old couples reaction.

They crossed the intersection and quickly after Chloe nonchalantly announced she was gonna pee as well. Before she had even finished her sentence her pee was already running down her legs while they were still walking. Quickly a hissing sound could be heard, Luna thought it was sexy but funny at the same time how Chloe was leaving a trail of pee behind while she was fully soaking her shorts. She was feeling cheeky and put her hand on Chloe's butt, gliding it a bit down, feeling the warm wetness spread on Chloe's shorts, Chloe reacted with a smile when she felt her hand. She must've peed for well over a minute before her bladder was finally empty.

Once again Luna felt fully accepted with her kink and just as she thought it and Chloe was done relieving herself it was Vicky who with a sigh relaxed and let go.

Vicky was walking in front of them and Luna could see how her pants were now getting completely shiny with pee, it was cascading down her legs and splattering on the sidewalk while they didn't stop walking all this time.

"Holy shit you also really needed to go bad." Selena said,

"I'm still going mind you!" Vicky laughed,

Pee kept flowing down her pants and when she was finally done her whole jeans was completely soaked, her butt, front and legs were covered in a deep blue wet patch. Drops fell from her legs while they continued their trip as if what had just happened is completely normal. Even the squelching sound of some of their shoes that had gotten soaked with pee.

After a little while later they were back at the port, the ship in it's gigantic size was towering over them, there were more people in this area now and they only had to cross one more road before able to board the ship again. But once again Luna could hear splattering noises, it was Selena who had apparently decided to pee her shorts once more.

Surely it wasn't a full bladder meaning she could've hold it until they were on the ship but she simply must've felt like letting go.

"I can't believe how casually we're just wetting our pants right now, " Vicky mentioned, "My family always told me to never ever tell our habit to anyone as people would think we're weirdos."

Luna agreed, "It's a bit crazy but i'm enjoying this, this cruise has definitely been one of a kind so far!"

The others agreed, they were clearly enjoying this new found freedom as well.

They boarded the ship while they definitely got some views from other people while they had walked through the port. Luna wasn't at all fazed that who knows how many people had seen her in peed shorts. In fact, she was weirdly proud that she had fully wet herself in public like that. Being surrounded by friends who had done the same helped a very big deal with her embarrassment though.

__________________________________

Luna had her head tilted back while relaxing in the hot tub, her feet and legs were sore from the hike and she was exhausted. The drink in her hand was fantastic and while they were relaxing with the hot water and bubbles caressing their tired bodies they listened to the music that was playing while they were chatting about the day.

When they had arrived on the ship they had the marvelous idea to go and put on their swimsuits and go relax in the hot tub on the top deck for the remainder of the evening.

"So are we never gonna get an explanation for what happened in that little shed on the mountain?" Selena asked devious.

Luna felt like she and Vicky had a pretty good idea what sort of thing happened, but she was still embarrassed of admitting it.

"What shed?" Chloe answered while pretending to be confused,

Selena sighed, "You know what shed i'm talking about! The one we found you in during the hike."

"There was a shed?" Luna joined in pretending to not know,

Selena splashed some water at Luna and Chloe.

"Leave the love birds be, they're still a bit shy about it." Vicky said,

"Shy about what though?" Selena pretended to not have an idea,

"Oh you know." Vicky stuck her tongue out between her two fingers.

Now Luna and Chloe splashed water in Vicky's direction.

"I'm hungry again, time to go get something from that grill, be right back." Chloe said,

Luna quickly asked to bring some for her as well. When she got back they were both happily munching on their food.

The mountain air had helped their appetite for sure. After that it was Luna's turn for a fresh round of drinks so she got out of the hot tub.

She ordered her drinks at the bar and while waiting for them she felt a bit cheeky, she felt there was some pee in her bladder. She relaxed and let out small spurts, letting it run down her legs. Normally nobody should've noticed this, although even if they did Luna wasn't too bothered by being seen.

She got her drinks and left while leaving a small puddle at the bar, it wasn't too noticable as there was a lot of other small puddles around from other people in the pool. On second thought, Luna wondered how much of that water is actual pool water... it seemed to be that people had fully accepted that peeing in the pool was ok but she was wondering if she was maybe not the only one also peeing outside of the pool.

Luna got back to their hot tub and handed out the drinks. They relaxed and enjoyed their evening a little longer, nobody even mentioned anything about having to pee even though they've spend a considerable amount of time in the hot tub by now. Luna knew very well why as she had been peeing in the hot tub herself.

After a while they all had had enough and went to get changed in their regular clothes, they did opt to get a few more drinks and relax in the lounge area, the ship hadn't set sail yet and they had a good view over the port like this.

Selena came back with a new batch of drinks for them and as she sat down the horn sounded, meaning the ship was setting sail.

They all enjoyed the view as the ship slowly left the port.

After some time Luna could feel her bladder start to fill from all the delicious drinks they were having, she was tired though and wasn't really feeling of getting up just yet. It was maybe risky but she wasn't too worried anymore of having an accident.

She had noticed before that the new rotations of toilets on the ship had a new strategy, most of the toilets are closed while there are just a few that are open.

Before, all the toilets around the party at the top deck were either all closed or open. But now it seemed that all of them were closed, except one... the line was long when she passed it earlier, knowing that she should probably get up now if she wanted to get to the toilet in time.

However, she was tired and lazy, listening to the conversation and occasionally joining in on it with the others. She took another sip from her drink, realizing the pressure was getting uncomfortable, she really needed a toilet soon or she would inevitably wet herself.

Meanwhile Luna got an answer to her previous train of thought, 'were there people peeing their swimsuit out of the pool as well?'

A young woman had been standing at the grill with a towel around her and Luna noticed some drips falling down from under her towel which wasn't out of the ordinary at a pool but then it increased into a dribble and into a full on stream. She was clearly peeing herself under the towel. Nobody seemed to either notice it or care for it. Luna didn't care either as she had done the same.

By now the others hadn't given a single sign about needing to pee either and Vicky was now telling a little story of how her own parents would sometimes wet themselves, sometimes out of sheer convenience.

Luna listened to the story, agreeing with her that it's indeed more convenient to wet your pants and finish what you're doing instead of having to stop and go inside the house to go use the restroom, she was using gardening as an example.

"Even if my mom wouldn't wet her pants they were good for the washing machine anyway after gardening, so she would almost always come back inside with pissed pants." Vicky explained.

They all agreed.

For the last two hours or so Luna had been letting her pee run freely, starting with wetting her pants on the walk back to the ship and then afterwards whenever she felt like in her swimsuit. Her hair was still wet from the hot tub earlier and now even if she was in fresh clothes she felt like she wanted to continue the habit and just let it all flow into her jeans right there where she was sitting.

Luna was sitting reclined in her lounge chair and while zoning out a little bit, listening to what the others were saying, she felt her bladder start to relax a little bit on it's own.

Quickly some pee leaked out making her panties moist, her life long habit of only peeing on the toilet made her stop the leak on reflex. Her moist panties were feeling nice and she didn't mind letting out some more so she quickly relaxed again and ignored the reflex.

A dribble came out and was slowly making her panties wet, she should probably stop the dribble as it was gonna show wetness on her jeans, just a little bit more... she enjoyed the wetness starting to spread around, she knew this was making a wet patch on her jeans, still she didn't stop the dribble, it felt so nice as her crotch was starting to feel warm and wet.

Selena, adding to the conversation they were having said, "I mean, while on this cruise, why not just wet yourself if it's more convenient?"

Luna as well as the others agreed with her. Luna would have to get up and stand in line and hold for much longer to pee, she was pretty sure at this point she wouldn't even be able to hold on long enough anyway. Also her legs and feet were sore from walking all day. It was way more convenient to pee in her pants right now.

Luna knew the wet patch must be spreading bigger by now and she could feel how her pee was starting to soak downwards as well, instead of stopping she succumbed and relaxed completely, deciding in the moment she was gonna empty her bladder right then and there while welcoming her full stream into her jeans. She relished the feeling of her warm pee spreading downwards making her feel a nice warm glow in her crotch that after a few seconds was also noticeable around her butt as her pee was starting to pool on her seat.

Hoping that her friends wouldn't think it's weird that she was deliberately wetting herself, she enjoyed the relief while she was letting it flow in her pants and seat.

"Haha i guess you also felt like it was more convenient to just go in your pants?" Vicky laughed,

Luna sighed and while she was still peeing she said, "Honestly i really didn't feel like going to the toilet." The others let out a chuckle,

"I wanted to do the same as well anyway." Vicky said while sipping from her drink,

Only now Luna noticed the dark wet patch that was spreading on Vicky crotch as well, realizing she was also peeing her pants.

Luna's butt was engulfed in warm wetness by the time she was done peeing, her bladder fully emptied into her jeans, she felt relieved and content she didn't need to get up to go the toilet as she took another sip from her drink.

When Luna put her drink down in front of her she noticed Chloe (who was sitting in front of her) her legs spread a little bit, flashing her light grey panties that she was wearing underneath her pretty dress, her panties suddenly got a dark spot that started to grow.

Luna couldn't keep her eyes off as she could see up Chloe's skirt and notice how she started peeing her panties. Chloe hadn't bothered at all to adjust her dress and just let it flow where she was sitting. The wet patch quickly grew on her crotch and started to wet her dress she was still sitting on.

The way how everyone was so carefree about it felt great to Luna, she had been a bit worried about it when she had just let it flow, but now she was sure of it, it really was ok to wet herself like this.

With a sigh and a small moan she heard Selena was also letting it go in her skirt.

While still peeing Chloe said, "Even if we wanted to go to the toilet i don't think i would've made it to be honest, did you see that line?"

"Yea agree, i was wondering if i was the only one needing to pee so bad, i waited with saying anything even knowing i wouldn't be able to make it in time with that long of a line to be honest." Selena admitted,

Vicky added, "Yea i also waited too long, i was gonna have an accident anyway."

They were all fine with having peed in their clothes, they carried on with a new conversation as if nothing had happened.

A while later their drinks were finished and Luna felt herself dozing off even more, the others also agreed it was time to go to bed probably as everyone was dead tired of their hike.

Today had been amazing but now it was time to call it a day but before they got up, without a second thought Luna relaxed and emptied her bladder into her jeans and seat once more. To then get up and leave towards their rooms.

While they got up Luna noticed Selena had also simply wet her skirt, and she loved how Chloe's dress was wet and clinging to her butt, making it ever so slightly transparant, as well as showing the outlines of her panties underneath.

Luna wasn't sure anymore if she would chose to go to the toilet tomorrow... or just let go in her pants, because why not?

______________________________________

Hope you enjoy!

Next chapter will have an exceptional encounter 👌

*106*2023-02-06 07:22

Thank you for all the kind words 🙂

It really motivates me to complete this story 😏

Which has about 4 chapters left in total including one side chapter

*113*2023-02-16 01:25

Chapter 19

____________________________________________

Her favorite dress that would easily hide her potentially wet panties?

Not bad but it won't feel as nice when she wets herself.

Or tight fitting faded jeans that she loved? They fitted her perfectly.

Daring to wet in for sure as it would show the wetness clearly, but it would also feel great when she would feel her pee run down her legs.

Feeling cheeky today Luna went with the jeans, yesterday she had blatantly emptied her bladder in her jeans while enjoying it to it's fullest while later she could swear Chloe was checking her out in her wet jeans when lounging on the deck, so knowing she probably would like these getting wet as well made this decision even easier.

Oh she was looking forward to wetting her jeans at the first red toilet they would encounter, or maybe she wasn't even gonna wait until then.

Today she decided she was gonna wait until the last moment before going to find a toilet, if there would be a long line like yesterday, she already knew she wouldn't make it in time and she was completely ok with that.

When getting ready in their room Chloe was already hinting at potential 'accidents' that could happen like yesterday.

"These will look nice when i wet myself." Chloe said,

"uhum, " she corrected herself, "If...in the off chance i would wet myself, not that i will of course! But you never know!"

They both started laughing over it and clearly Chloe was looking forward to it as well.

She went with comfortable blue shorts, although they fit her tightly showing off her butt.

Luna had always thought she was sexy in those as she had seen her wear them before, she blushed a little bit while wondering how it was only recently that she realized she was into her.

______________________

So if that was their resolve in the morning how is it possible they ended up like this?

They both were squirming while their bladders were bursting, already standing in line for what felt like an eternity just to get to the toilets. At least it was only a few more girls before them.

Luna had a hard time concentrating on holding it even, she felt like just succumbing to her desire and letting go in her pants right where she was standing. But no... they had made up with Peyton about what had happened at the party and they were hanging out with her together with Vicky, Selena and Liv.

"Man the line is so slow again..." Peyton sighed.

Liv sounded slightly annoyed, "I feel like the most we've done today is wait in line for toilets."

Luna and Chloe both were sharing glances with Vicky and Selena, she knew they were thinking the same thing.

All of them didn't feel like standing in this line either, she figured they all rather would get it over with and just wet their pants and actually go do something fun instead of wasting time here.

"I can't believe it...." Peyton continued, "It's such a messed up idea to close this many toilets and leave just a few open, considering the amount of people that are on this ship."

"There are simply not enough toilets right now!" Liv complained.

Peyton and Liv had no clue what had happened yesterday, not knowing their group had wet their pants on purpose several times.

Lets not forget the last one where they had put on clean dry clothes after getting out of the hot tub but were too lazy to go stand in line and blatantly had wet their pants instead.

Luna wondered what Peyton and Liv would say if they knew, of course they knew that they had wet their pants several times at the party when they were pretty drunk but that was different, kind of.

But on their hike on the mountain was a different story, there was no excuse for most of the times they had wet their pants.

Selena announced relieved, "Almost there, just a couple before us!"

From one of the connecting hallways a small group of girls walked up to the toilet, probably about their age.

"Are you kidding me, finally we find an open toilet and the line is that huge?"

"No wonder the line is this long, most toilets seem to be closed."

"Guys, i don't think i'll be able to hold for that long."

The three of them clearly were already uncomfortable as they were already squirming and fidgeting, Luna knew they were heading towards an accident, they weren't the first ones she would see having an accident today. With the new rotations in place people were getting caught off guard and accidents were more frequent.

Luna wasn't even sure how many she had seen today, men and women, young kids to adults that had wet patches or completely soaked pants. Accidents or on purpose, she wasn't sure but it was certain that there simply weren't enough open toilets anymore.

Some seemingly had given up to find toilets and would just drop their pants and squat somewhere even if there was very little cover, leaving puddles behind lounge chairs, big flower pots, pillars, you name it.

If there was cover somewhere you could probably see traces of a recent puddle behind it.

The girls were standing there in place coming up with a plan on what their next move will be as they had already determined standing in line wasn't an option.

"I ain't gonna stand in that line just to have an accident at some point."

I'm wearing a skirt anyway, i actually don't mind anymore, we can skip the toilet all together if you want."

"I've already wet so many different pants on this cruise, one more won't hurt. Lets bail and just accept our wet pants."

Luna her gaze went to the girls, it seemed they were accepting their fate without even getting upset.

One of the girls who was wearing jeans asked, "So you're just gonna go in your pants?"

"At this point i'm seriously contemplating it yea." The other girl in pants said,

"Oh god you're already peeing."

Luna noticed how pee was splattering down from under the girls skirt. "Seriously i really needed to go, no big deal it's just my panties getting wet."

"Alright that's it, i'm just gonna do it." The girl in pants said while the other one also agreed.

As she saw the girls leave and walk away in the direction they had came from she could already see a wet patch start to spread downwards on one of the girls pants. She must've really needed to go or simply didn't care anymore.

The others had also noticed how the girls had decided to pee in their pants on purpose, they watched as the last girl continued to flood her pants while she walked out of sight.

Liv said surprised, "Damn, did they just say fuck it and just pee in their pants? That's wild."

Luna wanted to relax her bladder and let go even more now as she had just seen someone else completely soak her pants on purpose. Many had seen it as well as it was full of people waiting in line for the toilet, nobody really made a big deal out of it.

"That's just dumb." Peyton remarked

Well aside from Peyton who still thinks peeing in your pants is not an option, even on this cruise. She wasn't sure how Liv felt about this new toilet rotation though.

It was finally Luna's turn and entered the toilet, with a sigh she lowered herself on the toilet and relaxed, letting out her stream. Finally... relief.

Funnily enough she caught herself thinking it would've felt so much better if she had decided to skip the toilet and go in her pants instead.

Oh she was longing for that feel of nice wet warmth flowing down her legs and caressing her skin.

While she felt relieved finally emptying her bladder she couldn't help but feel like she regretted not letting go in her pants.

For a moment Luna even contemplated to pretend having an accident next time she had to pee.

With her bladder still feeling sore from holding for so long she exited the toilets, Chloe was already waiting outside while Liv was the last one to go inside.

Luna whispered, "I actually feel like we are the dumb ones for standing in this line and holding it for so damn long if we can just piss our pants instead."

"Absolutely! Several times now i felt like just giving in and wet my pants." Chloe wholeheartedly agreed.

They continued their day with doing none of the activities that would take a while to do, they didn't have time to do stuff like the aquatic shows, VR, workshops or ice skating (it wasn't allowed to go off the ice rink with ice skates to go to the toilet.) They always did something small and then end up waiting in line again on the next toilet they found that was open.

Activities that were possible before weren't anymore simply counting in the time they would need to find an open toilet and then wait in line.

The trend also continued seeing men and women becoming more creative with finding spots to pee when they saw a women squatting in one of the flowerbeds in the middle of central park, Luna immediately thought she would absolutely never gonna do that while Peyton actually seemed to agree with the bold women. A bit further there was a guy peeing into a trashcan and a bit further from that they could see how a dude had taken out his dick in full view and was blatantly peeing against the tree that stood in the middle of central park.

They all chuckled at seeing the guy's exposed dick but it became clear that some people simply accepted wet pants while others really weren't having it and started to be more creative, even if it meant flashing their privates in public.

It seemed that sacrificing your dignity was different per person, for some that was dropping their pants while flashing strangers and for others that was wetting their pants.

For Peyton it seemed that flashing strangers was the better option.

While in central park they got in a small line to get fresh ice cream that they were all craving, just when they joined in the line some kids in the front walked away with their ice cream towards a bench.

"I really need to pee though, we should head for the toilet, who knows how long the line will take." One of the girls said,

The other girl in a dress stated, "Me too, but i really don't want to go stand in that long line, it takes forever and i want to go play games!"

"Just pee through your panties, it'll be fine, you're wearing a dress anyway." The boy reasoned.

Two of them went and sat on the bench while the girl in the dress kept standing, seemingly contemplating what the boy had said.

While she was eating her ice cream cone without saying anything she simply spread her feet a part and a second later Luna could see and hear pee splattering on the ground from underneath her dress. The girl was blatantly peeing through her panties in the middle of central park wile continuing eating her ice cream.

Her friends chuckled a little bit seeing her pee her panties like that but besides that they seemed to be unfazed about it.

"Your panties must be getting soaked right now." The girl claimed.

While she was still peeing with her puddle growing bigger at her feet she answered, "Yep!"

Luna and the others chuckled a little bit, trying to contain their laughter. Peyton didn't say anything while other people in the vicinity also couldn't stop letting out some chuckles at the girl casually wetting her panties under her dress.

"Seeing you pee makes me need to go even more, it's getting uncomfortable." The boy said,

"Same, we really need to go or i'm gonna have an accident" The other girl agreed.

The girl in the dress put her feet back together when she was done peeing, "You were right, that feels so much better! Just pee in your pants, literally no one cares if you do!"

Luna and the others ordered their ice creams while she could hear the kids squabble in the background. They got their cones and continued on their way while eating their ice creams.

They passed by the kids sitting on the bench while Luna could see both the girl and boy had followed their friends advice and were in the middle of peeing in their pants, both had a wet patch spreading over their crotch while pee was splattering down on the concrete below while their pants were getting soaked.

Meanwhile they were nonchalantly eating their ice cream like it wasn't a big deal that they were peeing in their pants.

The girl in the dress happily declared, "See, no one cares if you pee in your pants!"

Luna and the others ate their ice cream while walking and just like the kids their group also needed to pee once more. So here they were once again... in line waiting to get to the toilet in time. They were all squirming already.

Luna hated this, as much as she loved the cruise, it was getting ruined right now.

For the first time in her life, this cruise had done something that nothing else had ever done, relatively normalize her kink and instead of indulging in it, she was standing in line torturing her own bladder.

Fully relieved once again Luna exited the toilets and they made their way to some of the shops, doing nothing more than just checking out the clothes and trying some out. Luna nor Chloe really felt like buying anything at the moment and soon they found themselves waiting in line for the toilets once again...

"Want to go and check out the gym on the ship? I heard it's really modern." Liv asked,

Selena added, "Don't they also have free dance classes and stuff? I'm interested actually."

"Fine by me." Peyton and Vicky agreed.

Perfect Luna thought, she wasn't really interested in hanging out in a gym while she could work out as much ash she wanted once they got home. This cruise was all about fun! She glanced at Chloe and she knew she was thinking the same.

"I think me and Chloe are gonna go check out some of the other stuff."

As much as she had started to taking a liking to Peyton and Liv, Luna kind of felt like ditching them. By the time their plans were made they entered the toilets so they could finally relieve their bursting bladders.

Once they were done and all were standing outside again they said their goodbyes and went on their own ways.

"Finally, it's just me and Chloe..." Luna thought.

They didn't actually have a plan though as both simply wanted to split from Peyton and Liv so they didn't need to bother with toilets so much.

Aimlessly wandering around on the ship had somehow made them waltz into the art gallery section, both being surprised about the fact there was an art gallery but neither of them were interested in it so they quickly turned around to leave.

"Oh hey there, fancy seeing you two here." A familiar voice said.

They turned around and were greeted by Emma and her parents, it was her father who had greeted them.

They greeted them back and started a chat with them. Apparently Billy had gone off doing something on his own but according to her parents they didn't want Emma to wander around on the ship on her own so she was sticking with them for the day.

While they were talking to them Luna could see Emma standing slightly behind her mom mouthing the words "Help" silently.

Of course someone of her age wouldn't enjoy looking at art pieces, on top of that it's not like the other activities together with her parents would be all that much fun. Luna felt a bit bad for Emma.

As she was thinking it she glanced again at Emma and she got greeted with the sparkliest sad puppy eyes she had ever seen. With her shoulders down and sad face it was really hard to ignore. She noticed her bottom lip was trembling a little, damn she was good.

While chatting the topic came up about how they had wasted so much time simply waiting in line to acces any toilets. *Emma nodded furiously*

Luna and Chloe agreed and said they had the same experience.

During the conversation it got brought up if it was ok for Emma to join Luna and Chloe for the evening.

As they didn't mind and to be fair, Luna really did feel bad for Emma so they agreed she could tag along with them. When they said their goodbyes to her parents they quickly made their way out of the art gallery.

"Ok, so what's the plan?" Chloe said while stretching,

Emma started shouting, "freedom!"

They all laughed at how happy she seemed.

"You have no idea how boring the last two days have been, i've been with my parents all the time as well as on the trip to the town." Emma explained, "Do you know how this drug is a pain in the ass if you're not allowed to pee in your pants?"

"Only from the last few hours alone i can imagine it indeed!" Luna said, "Can't say we were too bothered with it yesterday evening though."

She and Chloe started laughing.

Emma asked curiously, "Hold on, what happened yesterday evening?"

"Oh nothing, just that we were lazy and kind of decided to just wet our pants instead of go to the toilet." Luna chuckled while telling their story.

"You guys simply wet your pants while in town?" Emma asked, sounding jealous.

"Yep"

Emma stood with her mouth wide open, clearly she was jealous. Luna figured she really did had a couple of boring days lately.

"Hold on, are those matching bracelets you have?" Emma suddenly asked,

Damn she was ever so observant.

"Yep, Luna bought it yesterday, i love it!" Chloe said with a smile.

Emma of course didn't know yet what had evolved between her and Chloe the last couple of days. But she could already see the question burning inside her.

"So are those like... friendship bracelets or....?" Emma asked while intently staring at Luna with a questioning face,

Luna could feel herself start to blush before she answered.

"Not friendship bracelets in fact." Luna answered flustered, "So you were actually right back at the arcade, so what i'm actually saying is... she's my girlfriend now."

Emma squeeled victorious "yay I knew it!"

"Wait, hold on, she knew?" Chloe asked surprised,

"Oh come on!" Emma laughed, "it was so obvious!"

Emma walked away in a sassy but confident way while leaving Luna and Chloe a tad speechless.

They came up with the idea to go check out the boardgames room somewhere in the lower decks, it was a tad small and a bit hidden but apparently Emma said it was quite interesting.

After a short walk, only interrupted by a pause to get some new drinks, they arrived.

Now Luna understood why Emma was interested in this.

Like she said, it was small and cramped but it was beautifully decorated and designed. There were all sorts of life size fantasy statues and busts from famous movies and shows.

As well as some retro looking super hero figurines decorated on the walls.

She and Chloe could get a bit geeky at times so this definitely was right up their ally.

There was a table exclusively for dungeons and dragons she noticed, it was so cool.

Firstly they went for fresh drinks, and even those were in theme, with all sorts of fantasy themed drinks to chose from they took their sweet time deciding what they wanted.

After getting a board game that took their interest they looked for a place to sit.

As they were the only ones in the room aside from the guy that worked there who was currently sitting behind the counter, they had the whole place for themselves to choose from.

There was a regular table with chairs, but also comfy beanbags with a low table.

Although they opted for something else, there was a spot without seats, just simply a large thin cushion, or a thick carpet if you will.

It looked super comfy to lay on and play their board game.

They all sat down on the soft but comfy carpet.

Chloe got some snacks from the bar while getting some extra's for the others as well.

They set up the game while learning the rules, the guy behind the counter came sitting with them for a bit and helped them to understand the rules so they could start easily.

Meanwhile Luna could feel that her bladder was already pretty full as it was already a while since they went to the toilet last time. In fact, through the day they had always went and stand in line early enough knowing there was a good chance on a long line.

Even though she knew that, Luna completely ignored the signs of her filling bladder.

And so their game began.

"Are you sure we should attack that thing?"

"It is pretty strong and Chloe doesn't have a lot of HP left."

"Yea that thing hit pretty hard!"

"Well you shouldn't have rolled a 1!"

"It's okay we can take it!"

"we'll boost you with enchantments and you just need to roll a 16 or higher and it's dead in one go!"

They all cheered loudly as Luna rolled a 17, killing the monster.

"Ok not gonna lie, this game is hella fun actually!" Luna said cheerfully.

As they continued the game, Luna her bladder was getting fuller by the minute, she knew it wasn't gonna be all that long anymore before she would be at her limit.

If she doesn't get up now to go find a toilet she knew she was gonna have an accident, if it wasn't already too late.

Right outside of the boardgame room they were sitting in was a toilet that was on red, they had a direct view over it but this also meant that there wouldn't be another toilet in the near vicinity as they were spread thin over the ship.

Without even overthinking it she happily stayed and continued playing the game, looking forward to the accident she was inevitably gonna have in her faded jeans, it was only a matter of time.

On the other hand Chloe hadn't given any signs of needing the toilet either as they simply continued playing the game. Emma on the other hand, she was definitely desperate, the last few minutes she had been shifting around a lot and fidgeting with some board pieces.

Luna remembered how Emma had admitted to her a few days ago she preferred to pee in her pants than on a toilet, knowing this she had a pretty good idea she was planning on wetting her pants.

Chloe managed to heal herself in the next room they ventured in while they all had fresh upgrades for their characters. Seeing Emma squirm on her spot made Luna finally speak up.

"Need to pee?"

Emma answered while blushing, "Yea i'm bursting to pee, but i got so absorbed in the game i kind of forgot to say anything."

"Forgot huh, suuuuuure." Chloe added with a smirk,

"I'm sorry. I didn't want to cause trouble." Emma said apologetic, "But i might have an accident."

Luna said reassuringly, "It's fine, don't worry about it. The game is way too much fun to get up and look for a toilet anyway, don't you agree?"

"Yep!" Chloe said, "I don't think we were planning on finding a toilet anyway to be honest."

Emma's face lit up as she finally got permission to wet herself, the last few days she had gotten several 'talks' from her mom and dad that she needed to try her hardest to not have any accidents, so wetting her pants had been out of the question. The last time she had wet herself was already several days ago.

Just as Emma was about to say something they all heard a buzzer sound followed by an automated lock moving.

As in a comedy all three their heads turned looking at the red light of the toilet that now turned to green.

"You've gotta be fucking kidding me." Luna blurted out,

She had been looking forward to wetting her pants all day, this must be some badly timed joke or something?

Seeing Emma's reaction she knew she wasn't the only one disappointed as she could see it on her face.

"W..well guess i won't have an accident then." Emma said while pretending to be relieved she could go to the toilet.

Luna came to a decision, all day she had been looking forward to wetting herself and she felt like she didn't need to be shy about it anymore, at least not around Chloe and Emma.

"You don't have to go to the toilet if you don't want to." Luna blurted out.

Emma asked surprised, "Wait, really?"

"It's fine if you want to stay here and just go in your pants." Chloe said reassuringly,

Emma explained, "Last few days i got told over and over again that peeing in my pants is really not ok. I almost started believing it!"

They all laughed over this, they once again reassured her it really was ok if she didn't want to get up to go to the toilet.

"Just let go whenever you want to!"

The guy behind the counter had overheard their conversation and chimed in.

"Don't worry about the cushion you're sitting on, it can get wet as it has the NoLiq system build in."

Luna was slightly surprised but loved how the employee seemed to encourage them to just go in their pants as well.

With that said, Luna announced it was her turn so she picked up the dices and started her action on the board.

Playing a bit more safe this round as last one was pretty close and they still had a long way to beat the game.

They were carefully planning their every move together, properly using their resources as well.

Emma was sitting cross legged and Luna now noticed a dark wet spot appeared on her crotch. She was wearing grey leggings under a red skirt so the wet spot was easily visible.

Luna had planned on waiting as long as possible until she had an accident but right now she felt so exhilarated that she couldn't resist letting out a spurt, without a second thought she relaxed and welcomed the wet feeling in her panties.

Without thinking further she let out another bigger spurt, enjoying the warmth spreading in her panties, probably enough to make a wet spot on her jeans.

Knowing this was gonna be visible to anyone didn't make her hesitate, she immediately followed up with another long spurt making her pee spread downwards as well.

While sitting cross legged Luna looked down at her crotch to see a wet spot spreading on her jeans.

Finally, she was enjoying the cruise to it's fullest. She was beaming with content even though she had only let out a little and her bladder was still bursting.

"Oh god, that look on your face, it feels that good?" Chloe wondered out loud while Emma was laughing.

Seeing Luna wet her pants on purpose made Emma find the remaining courage she needed to flood her legging and skirt completely.

Emma announced sheepishly, "Ok i can barely it hold anymore, i'm gonna wet myself."

"Go for it." Chloe said carefree.

Luna added, "Watch out for your skirt, you're gonna get it wet, unless you don't mind if people can tell you wet yourself."

Emma was already shifting her pose, still sitting cross legged she reclined back and leaned on her hands.

"Hhm... i don't think i mind if people see, it seems most people don't even pay any attention to it anymore." Emma said while making up her mind.

Emma sighted in relief, Luna could see how she completely relaxed. Immediately the wet spot on her grey leggings started to spread and glisten with pee. It was spreading downwards and unto her skirt now as well as the inside was turning a darker pink.

Her face was pure ecstatic relief, they could hear the hissing sound coming from her while she was completely emptying her bladder. And damn she needed to pee.

"Look it's pooling around your butt." Chloe said,

Emma added in a dreamy voice, "And i'm still going."

They all chuckled, they just sat there waiting for Emma to finish peeing herself.

By the time she was done there was a sizeable puddle that was pooling around where she was sitting, it was slowly soaking into the cushion they were sitting on while her skirt had gotten a much darker shade of pink on her butt, you could see it even if she was still sitting on it.

Meanwhile Luna felt a spasm going through her bladder, she felt like she was getting really close to her limit now, but most of all it felt uncomfortable. She was starting to change her mind, she didn't want to keep holding for that long after all. And just as she finally wanted to relax her bladder she suddenly needed to sneeze.

"That felt amazing!" Emma blurted out.

Emma's skirt and leggings were properly soaked, while the expression on her face was undeniably that of content and excitement.

Again Luna needed to sneeze, dammit it was really hard to hold her pee every time she sneezed.

"Hold up, i need a tissue!" Luna said while jumping up and holding back another sneeze.

Luna couldn't think of a better idea then to simply walk into the toilet, there weren't any people waiting here as it had just opened and was more in the less popular area of the ship, she went to a cubicle and rolled of some toilet paper, quickly cleaning her nose.

How ironic... she was literally standing next to the toilet, she wasn't changing her mind though. These jeans were gonna get soaked!

But standing so close to the toilet made her need to pee so much more.

Luna resolutely turned around and started to walking to the exit, completely ignoring the fact that she was walking away from the toilets just to wet herself within seconds.

With a mischievous grin Luna exited the toilet just as she felt a spurt going in her panties, she tried to stop it as best as she could.

With a warm and fuzzy feeling that was starting to grow deep inside her she made her way to the entrance of the room.

Surprised but also excited that she was actually losing control over her bladder she could quickly feel another spurt going in her pants, realizing in the moment she was about to have a full blown accident in her jeans.

Just before she was about to enter the boardgames room where she was planning on releasing the floodgates she caught a glimpse of a family that had just turned around the corner in the hallway. Another spurt went in her pants, starting to make her crotch feel all warm and wet.

There was a little kid with them but besides that Luna hadn't really paid attention to the family all that much, she didn't care that they would see her soaking her pants any second from now if they entered the board games room.

Luna got to her spot and while still standing she crouched over a little bit, spread her feet and bend through her knees while she leaned on them with her hands.

And opened the floodgates.

Electricity went through her spine and Luna was in pure bliss from relief when her pee started spraying through her panties, into her jeans and spread everywhere. It was pooling in her crotch and sprayed all the way up her already partially wet butt, "finally" she taught, her full bladder was releasing in her pants and quickly she felt her pee starting to cascade down her legs.

As she looked down she could see her pants were getting soaked, they were glistening with pee while drops were falling down between her legs and straight on the ground, but most were going down the insides of her pants and was soaking her socks and shoes.

Luna relished the feeling of soaking her jeans, even if she was standing in the middle of the room, knowing that the family probably had caught up and were standing in the doorway looking at her, but she didn't care at all as she fully committed to releasing her bladder into her jeans.

Her pee was spreading mostly to the back of her jeans she noticed, so mid stream she shifted her stance and stood up straight while keeping her feet apart, pushed her hand against her crotch and let the pee gush through her fingers. Warmth and wetness was now spreading all over the front of her jeans as well and she loved it!

As she had predicted, Luna heard a gasp from behind her, meaning the family was seeing her wet herself, still she didn't care anymore if people see her do it. On the other hand, now that she thought about it, she had recognized that woman's haircut, a karen haircut like that was hard to miss after all.

Luna must've been peeing for well over a minute when she could finally feel her bladder getting empty, her jeans were clinging to her skin, still warm but wet and soaked. She pushed out the last few drops in her panties and let out a long and loud "aaaaah"

And then an alarm went off, like a fire alarm? No hold on, Luna could definitely hear that this alarm was producing a sentence.

"THIS IS REVOLTING! UNACCEPTABLE!! WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING YOUNG LADY!!!"

Chloe and Emma fell over laughing while Luna turned around with a surprised face.

The Karen was going completely over the limit, "I SAW you come out of the toilet and just completely piss yourself! What is wrong with you?!"

Meanwhile the Karen was dragging along her son, little Timmy seemed to be needing to pee as well as he was fidgeting and trying to get lose from his moms grip but to no avail.

"uum..." Luna started, "I needed something to wipe my nose with so i went to get some toilet paper."

The Karen was all red in the face while looking intently at Luna, waiting for her to continue.

Luna shrugged and continued carefree, "Aaand... then i wet my pants."

"YOU NEED TO PEE ON THE TOILET, NOT RUN AWAY FROM IT YOU IDIOT!!!"

Emma and Chloe were rolling around laughing.

"You over there! I want to speak to your manager!" The Karen spouted,

Only now the employee sitting behind the counter looked up,

"Huh? me?"

"YES YOU!!" The Karen shouted, "Can't you see this girl has deliberately pissed herself all over the floor?!"

The guy slowly shifted from his stool, glanced over the counter to see Luna in her soaked jeans.

"Oh yea, i guess she did." The guy said while sounding completely uninterested, "Well what am i supposed to do about that? It's not like it's not allowed you know."

"How is it possible that you are even more useless than the average useless employee on this sad excuse of a cruise with the worst service i have ever seen! Now get me your manager!

"Sorry, manager said he was busy."

Luna, Chloe and Emma were dying of laughter. Meanwhile Timmy was squirming while trying his best to hold his pee.

"Give me his boss then, i'm tired of this disgusting excuse of a cruise!" the Karen said while dragging along little Timmy.

Luna could tell the kid was desperate, as he longingly looked at the entrance of the toilet while he was getting dragged further into the room and away from the toilets.

The father tried to reason, "Hon i think Timmy needs..."

"You should all better take an example of my son! You don't see him wet himself even though he's not nearly your age!"

Just as she said it they could all see how the little boy lost control over his bladder, pee was soaking into his pants. With a sad face he stood there peeing his pants, knowing what was about to come.

Luna felt bad for the kid.

"TIMMY STOP PEEING YOUR PANTS!" The Karen shifted into an even higher gear, "THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT, YOU MADE MY SON PEE HIMSELF!!!!"

The guy behind the counter put down his phone, "So i've let the boss know, not sure what the problem is though." He shrugged and continued with whatever he was doing before.

The Karen turned around and rushed out of the room, the others all had tears in their eyes from laughter.

"Holy shit you properly soaked your jeans!" Emma squeeled, "That was hilarious!"

"I swear i couldn't hold it anymore from all the laughter!" Chloe blurted out,

They all started laughing again when Chloe revealed a large wet spot on the crotch of her blue shorts.

Oh god all of this was way too funny and Luna's stomach was hurting, she was pretty sure she wasn't gonna get in trouble because as far as she knows they hadn't broken any rules.

Luna lowered herself to go sit back down with the others.

Still letting out some giggles from what had happened before they tried to start the next round of their game.

When it was Chloe's turn she started giggling again.

"I need to pee so fucking bad right now." She said while giggling,

"Then pee." Luna said carefree,

Emma added, "Just piss your shorts already."

Chloe tried her best imitating the Karen, "You need to go pee in the toilets, not run away from them you idiot!"

They all laughed again, suddenly Chloe jumped up.

While giggling, "So i'm going to the toilets to pee!"

Luna and Emma looked at each other, no idea what she was up to as she knew for sure Chloe was planning on wetting her shorts. They quickly decided to jump up and follow Chloe into the toilets.

Luna and Emma entered and they found Chloe standing with feet spread apart in the cubicle in front of the toilet with her back to it. While Chloe looked at them,

A hissing sound could be heard and immediately Chloe's crotch started to glisten with pee as it started cascading down and splatter on the floor below her.

They all started laughing and wheezing while Chloe was emptying her bladder into her shorts less than a meter away from the toilet. Chloe was laughing so hard she couldn't even maintain a steady stream making her pee gush out of her in waves. Making it even funnier to Luna. Tears were rolling off of her cheeks seeing her girlfriend wet herself like that.

When Chloe was finally done peeing, leaving a giant puddle of pee that was spreading over the floor. It was then that Luna noticed it... there was no carpet in the toilets, most of the ship had been covered with that NoLiq carpet, but not this. Was it actually allowed to pee on the floor then?

She would have to wait to figure that out because just as she was thinking about it, Chloe shifted her feet together as she was done peeing but doing so... she slipped in her own pee and fell down ass first in her own puddle making a loud splash.

All three couldn't breath, stomach hurting from laughter. No way she just fell in her own puddle. Chloe was just sitting there in her puddle with tears running down her face from laughter.

After a while they finally managed to get their breathing under control, slowly starting to get back to normal. Still one of them started giggling again making the others start giggling again and this continued like this for a few more times until they finally were done.

Just as Chloe got up from her puddle of pee they heard footsteps, probably someone that wanted to use the toilets. Or at least that was her first thought but then she could hear the Karen's voice once again.

Suddenly everything went silent, Luna's hearth stopped when she saw who just entered the room, closely followed by the Karen.

With his purple colored long coat with weirdly matching top hat he slowly waltzed in, while this time missing his usual awkward energetic mannerisms and with a more serious expression on his face.

Luna's perception of him immediately shifted, somehow he looked bigger and not as goofy as in the videos, now he looked like a person with loads of authority and it made him look scarily intimidating.

He stopped in the middle of the room.

"See Doctor, you wouldn't believe it unless you see it with your own eyes how repulsive these girls actually are!"

The most uncomfortable silence she had ever experienced followed, the only sounds that could be heard was the dripping of pee from Chloe's shorts.

Dr. Neuhauss his gaze wandered over the scene that unfolded in front of him.

A shiver went over Luna's spine when his gaze lingered on her for only a split second..

Were they in serious trouble? Also she didn't know why but Luna hadn't really thought about it if the Doctor was actually on the ship himself, but guess she now had the answer to a question she hadn't even asked herself yet.

Dr. Neuhauss his serious expression faded, a familiar and awkward but energetic smile came on his face while he lifted one finger in the air.

In his usual upbeat way of speaking he announced, "Well you know what they say! It's only a real party once people start peeing their pants!"

They stood with their mouths wide open, what did he say? How is that an actual saying? There's no way that's a real saying!

His gaze now went over the room, as if only now realizing they were standing in a restroom.

"Odd place to throw a party though?! ehehe"

*116*2023-03-01 19:35

Sorry for the wait guys, been busy lately.

Might take a while until next chapter

*117*2023-03-17 16:19

Chapter 20 - Dessert?

(Looks like i'm naming the chapters now)

_______________________________________

From a very young age he knew he was different than most of the other kids, while others were playing with toys and games he was hooked to science.

Reading, learning, understanding and eventually thinking of new theories and the many possibilities that seemingly weren't uncovered yet.

Things that others didn't see or understand.. he did.

One theory he thought of in particular stood out to him... a different method he found for curing diseases.

His peers didn't think much of his theories and hypotheses at first while he easily coursed through highschool, skipping several years and attending university at a relatively young age.

By the time he had gotten through university his theories were starting to get attention by his professors...

Turned out many of his theories were in fact correct, while often out of the ordinary way of thinking, sometimes unorthodox even... but they undeniably worked. His creations got tested and adapted to great succes. Recognition quickly followed for his work.

He took the medical world by storm once it was clear his brilliance was not a one off.

Sure he loved the recognition and by now he didn't have to worry about money anymore as some of his work got bought off of him for large sums of money, while others he worked together with big pharmaceutical companies where he kept his cut for each unit sold.

But after all he was doing it because he felt right at home creating new breakthroughs and pushing the boundaries in the medical field, and his one theory that he wanted to make a reality. A new way of curing diseases.

This, was his masterpiece. All of his other work was nothing compared to this one.

With this he could change the world.

After many iterations, including many fails, he managed to make it a reality... or close to at least.

His new project was finally properly tested and it worked, he knew he had achieved his ultimate creation. Now there was only the last step left before it could get green lit.

Companies however didn't see the same thing he saw... they saw money, loads of it.

They wanted to sell the medication as a luxury product, average people would have to dig deep to be able to afford it.

Surely he could become filthy rich but in the end he wasn't interested in all that.

He wanted to change the world in a meaningful way, a better way. Making an impact by achieving true advancement through his work.

He had showed his middle finger to the biggest pharmaceutical companies, figuratively of course. Okay... sometimes literally, but those assholes deserved it.

Until he got into meaningful talks with Medifix, one of the biggest companies out of all of them, they finally offered him a deal that he was happy with and he finally accepted.

Once the deal was finished he had it on paper that the medication would get sold at a reasonable price, so that anyone could afford it while of course they could still make a reasonable profit off of it.

Seeing the promise of this medication had made companies promise enormous budgets and this time it wasn't any different, after the contract was signed he started planning... After all he had an almost endless amount of budget given to him.

Eventually the cruise ship was rented and customized specifically to his needs for testing, and what should be a minor problem with his medication turned out to be a bigger problem than he had anticipated.

As smart and brilliant as he was, never missing a detail and understanding the most complex biology problems. He couldn't have predicted that the last problem was the diuretic effect that it had on people's bladders paired with the social construct that went together with urine, and there was nothing he could do to fix this. People's prejudice about urine made so many new problems and he had no idea how to fix it. There was only one direction he could take it...

And that direction had brought several test runs on the cruise ship, changing and adapting after each cruise. Until what must be the last and final one, this version was as close as he could get it to be fully functional without being too much of a burden because of the diuretic effect.

And here he was, standing in the womens restrooms, not even sure what the problem was in this situation.

Ah he let his gaze wander through the restroom he noticed, one young girl who had peed her leggings and skirt it seemed.

One young women who had clearly soaked her jeans.

And another one that seemed to have peed in her shorts right in front of the toilet, most likely fully on purpose.

____________________________________________

"I know the rules say that accidents are allowed..." Dr.Neuhaus said, "But i wasn't expecting people to do it right in front of the toilets, ehehe that's also why the floor isn't covered in carpet."

The karen started, "Accident?! This was clearly not an accident, they did it fully on purpose just like the other times i've seen them do it! It's vandalism i tell you!"

Chloe looked like she didn't know what to say.

Luna had second thoughts now, they had never really thought about it, but the rule had specifically said 'accidents' but it was very obvious that none of this was an accident. The karen had also seen her wet her jeans on purpose after all.

Dr. Neuhaus rolled his eyes as he continued, "Of course they did, after all the aim of this cruise was to see if people would pee themselves delibera..."

*cough cough*

A woman, somewhere in her late twenties was now standing a bit further, right next to the entrance. She wore a skirt with a white lab coat and had a tablet in her hands.

"Wait where did she come from? She wasn't there a minute ago." Luna thought.

"Ahum, i mean...we wanted to keep the rules simple from the very start and just said 'accidents are allowed' implying that it was allowed to 'go' anywhere you'd like if it was needed to be." Neuhaus explained with his typical mannerism and gestures. "That said, we didn't think someone would wet themselves deliberately in a restroom, ehehe."

Luna her nerves calmed down a bit, they hadn't misunderstood the rules. After all they had seen a lot of people wet their pants on purpose by now when she started thinking about it.

On the other hand it seemed the karen either wasn't listening or didn't want to hear it.

"These girls are ruining people's cruise and on top of this mess it's also their fault my son peed in his pants!" The karen claimed.

"Um excuse me?!" Luna spoke up backed by Chloe and Emma.

Chloe and Emma added, "We didn't have anything to do with that!"

"Actually I didn't quite catch your name, who were you again exactly?" Dr. Neuhaus said while turning his attention to the karen.

"It's Karen Underwood Doctor!" She said in a pompous way.

Luna, Chloe and Emma all simultaneously started chuckling. There was no way she was actually called Karen.

Dr. Neuhaus got a playful grin on his face and blurted out while trying to contain his laugh, "Are you seriously telling me your name is actually Ka..."

*cough cough*

"Uhum... Also i think an introduction is in order, meet my lovely assistent Alexandra!" Dr. Neuhaus said gesturing at the woman at the entrance. He turned his attention back to the Karen as he continued, "Hold on, i remember that name... Yes, i believe you are the one that has been causing scenes ever since the cruise started."

The assistent started swiping on her tablet. "She's the one from the situation at the service desk Doctor and she's the one that got stuck on the dead ride above central park because she ignored the operator's instructions, also several complaints at the pool. As well as the noise complaint in the karaoke bar."

Dr. Neuhaus wondered out loud visibly confused, "How do you get a noise complaint at a karaoke bar...? ehehe, anyway."

The girls couldn't hold back a chuckle again.

"There's been a steady stream of complaints since the start of the cruise..." Neuhauss continued in a stern voice, "And the vast majority seems to be coming from you, Ms. Underwood."

The karen immediately started a rant like only a karen could do, "Excuse me?! Do you have any idea what i had to deal with so far? I should ask a refund by now as this cruise has been abysmal, and i'm not even talking about the..."

Dr. Neuhaus cut her off and spoke in an even more stern voice, "Ms. Underwood, the cruise is being paid for, in return you sign up for testing the medication. That's the deal everyone signed up for before entering the ship. Even at the service desk you were given the option to decline, but didn't when you fully knew what this cruise was about, but you were probably too busy creating a scene."

The Karen was surprised by this turn of events, in her head she was always right so this felt like a cold shower to her.

When she was regaining her composure and was about to start a new rant Dr. Neuhaus was visibly getting annoyed.

"And if you had paid attention you would also know that the agreement said that you can at any time decide to step out of the project and continue on the cruise normally without further medication, and you will be granted acces to all toilet facilities on the ship including the one in your own room. This could also happen if you fail to comply to the testing procedure mind you."

"...Ofcourse that means you will have to pay for the entire cruise yourself as you have no use to the company in that situation."

There it was, Luna could feel the authority emanating from him. She was loving this turn of events, the Karen had it coming.

The assistent named Alexandra stepped forward now.

While swiping on her tablet she said, "Ms. Underwood, do you want to end the agreement prematurely? Of course that means you will have to pay for the entire cruise."

The Karen was frantically looking around, muttering to herself, until finally replying.

"Why would i have to pay for the entire cruise and not only the remainder of it?"

"Because incomplete data is useless." Neuhaus immediately answered. "You either complete the whole project, or you pay for the whole cruise."

The karen announced in a small voice she wanted to continue the agreement, while muttering that the cruise was a scam.

"How can something be a scam if it's for free and you still have the choice to not go through with it?" Chloe suddenly spoke up.

"Good point you make!" Neuhaus said,

Alexandra said in a stern voice, "In that case we need to ask you to stop harassing other passengers and let them enjoy their cruise."

"But... but these girls..." The Karen muttered.

Dr. Neuhaus now put his attention to the girls while his expression softened. With a straight face he asked "When you come in the restroom next time could you please refrain from peeing in your pants and instead go on the toilet?"

"What a surreal question." Luna thought

"What about peeing in our pants but on the toilet?" Emma asked with a grin,

Luna and Chloe rolled their eyes.

"ehehe... Yes that's allowed! just make sure that if you want to 'go' in your pants to not do it on the floor in the restroom. Basically anywhere else outside of the restroom is totally allowed to just 'go' ehehe!" Neuhaus chuckled, "Alexandra can you notify someone to clean this up?" Alexandra nodded in affirmation.

Luna, Chloe and Emma all apologized profusely for the mess they had made.

Chloe spoke up, "I'm sorry i wasn't really thinking when i did it."

Neuhaus waved it away, "It's no problem really, it wasn't completely clear in the rules after all. With this being cleared up i have to go as i still have a lot of work ehehe, enjoy your further cruise girls."

With that said they all left and the girls went back to their boardgame that they were in the middle of completing. The Karen had suddenly disappeared without making a noise, which was very uncharacteristic for her.

They also noticed a few more people had entered the boardgames room by now.

________________________________________

"Pfew i thought i was screwed for a hot minute there!" Chloe let out a long sigh.

Emma squeeled, "Did you see how the Karen got destroyed!"

"Absolutely! Dr. Neuhauss basically roasted her!" Luna laughed.

The room was now more full with people enjoying games, the girls knew that their wet pants were fully visible to anyone.

Emma with a big wet patch on the back of her pink skirt.

Chloe her blue shorts were soaked at the front and a wet patch on the back.

Luna definitely was hard to miss with her faded jeans that had gotten soaked, a large wet patch in a darker shade of blue spread over her whole front and back of her jeans.

Luna felt comfortable even knowing that most of the people could see her soaked jeans, the others seemed perfectly comfortable as well.

They continued chatting about the incident in an upbeat way while continuing their game.

Time went by and they had all gotten fresh drinks until a bunch of rounds later they were getting close to beating the game.

They had started the last quest, now they had to defeat the last boss with all the gear they had found in previous rounds.

Emma had made her move and was now waiting for Luna to continue, she was laying on her belly with her feet dangling in the air and fidgeting with a boardpiece in her hand.

Luna shifted on her knees and bend over the board to make her next few moves.

Emma suddenly stopped moving and Luna wasn't sure what gave it away but she was pretty sure she was peeing again.

"It's nice to be able to just 'go' whenever i feel like it." Emma said sheepishly.

While Emma still had the dark wet patch on her butt that now anyone could see while she was laying on her stomach. Luna assumed that the front of her skirt must be getting completely soaked now as well.

While Luna and Chloe agreed with Emma, Luna noticed how her bladder had been filling up as well.

While Luna was moving her pieces she relaxed her bladder without a second thought, by the time she had placed her final pieces on the board she could feel her pee streaming down the inside of her thighs and jeans unto the cushion, making her pee pool around her knees wetting her jeans even further.

Oh she loved how convenient it was to just let go in her pants whenever she felt like. She enjoyed the feeling as well without feeling any embarrassment. Even if other people might notice she was peeing herself.

"Haha are you both peeing yourselves at the same time?" Chloe chuckled.

Emma lightheartedly replied, "Even the doctor said it's ok to just 'go' whenever we feel like, so i'm doing just that!"

Emma seemed to be done peeing and went back to dangling her feet in the air like before.

The game was coming closer to it's conclusion with each passing round and they were getting more engrossed in the game as it was getting tense.

"What if we cast a spell on it first?"

"Just use your passive!"

"Which one? Oh that one."

"Pair it with the fire spell maybe!"

"Use all your items you have left, we don't need em anymore anyway!"

"Oh god i really need to pee." Chloe suddenly said,

It sounded as if it was a simple statement but Luna quickly realized it was more of an announcement. Chloe finished her turn, sat back down with her legs spread, leaned backwards on her hands and let out a soft "aaaah"

*pssshhhhhh*

Luna could hear the loud hissing (probably loud enough for other nearby people in the room to hear as well) and saw Chloe's crotch start glistening with wetness.

Pee was soaking through her shorts and pouring out of her shorts legs. With the way she was sitting Luna could see a glimpse of her light pink panties she was wearing underneath her shorts.

She couldn't keep her eyes off, she got turned on almost immediately seeing her girlfriend bashfully peeing full force into her panties and shorts without any shame.

A puddle was forming around her butt as her pee couldn't soak fast enough into the cushion, by the time Chloe was finally done peeing and her pee was soaking into the cushion there was a visible wet patch around where she was sitting.

"Damn, that felt good!" Chloe blurted out with relief spread over her face.

Luna couldn't help getting flustered seeing this scene, her eyes met with Chloe and she could see there was a grin on her face looking back at her. Did she notice how turned on she was getting by seeing Chloe wet herself?

Emma suddenly rolled a 20 and they all shot up cheering. The boss was dead and they had won the game. They high fived each other and downed their remaining drinks.

Now that Emma was sitting up they could see the damage of her wetting from earlier when laying down on her belly. Her whole front of her skirt was soaked all the way to the hem and even her T-shirt had gotten a little wet.

"So what will we be eating? The game lasted longer than expected and it's dinner time." Luna said,

Chloe immediately answered, "Good call i'm starving!"

"Well that's not special, you're always starving..." Emma said smug,

Luna laughed and Chloe flicked Emma on her head.

"Hold up, there was this restaurant we wanted to try" Chloe suddenly remembered,

Emma added, "Oh i know that one, i went with my parents yesterday. It's really good!"

"I think you need to reserve in the app if i'm not mistaken?" Luna asked,

Emma confirmed this while she and Luna were putting the game back in the box, meanwhile Chloe made the reservations on her phone. Although Emma wasn't joining them as she needed to head back to her room as it was already pretty late.

"My parents will already be waiting by the time we get there, maybe i shouldn't have also wet the front of my skirt." Emma said while sounding a bit worried.

After all she had soaked the entire front and back of her skirt, hard to brush it off as an accident.

Chloe comforted Emma, "I think if you're honest and explain what happened i think your parents might be more understanding."

"I agree, maybe start with telling your parents you met Dr. Neuhaus and that he said to you personally it's ok to just go in your pants." Luna added.

"Yea i think i'll do that, afterwards i'll just straight up admit that i didn't feel like going to the toilet and hope they don't get mad." Emma said while jokingly adding, "In case they do get mad maybe i should just try and get the doctor to talk to them."

They cleaned up their empty drinks and put the game away and went on their ways.

On one of the nearby tables people were playing a game with 5, three guys and two girls when one of the guys suddenly spoke up..

"Guys, did you notice the toilet went red outside?"

One of the two girls answered "Yea i noticed it as well and i kind of need to pee"

"So are we gonna go look for a toilet then? I also need to go and i'm not sure how much longer i can hold it."

"But we just started? This won't work if we have to go look for a toilet every time right?"

The employee passed by and casually gave them a tip, "If you go look for a toilet every time, your game is literally gonna last until tomorrow morning. You don't have to do what i say but if i were you i would just do what those others girls did from earlier and just 'go' in your pants where you're sitting."

The group was surprised at his tip but started discussing what the employee had said,

"If someone would tell me to just piss my pants out of sheer convenience two weeks ago i would think they're completely crazy." One of the girls said.

One of the guy's added, "We saw those girls playing a game over there while literally peeing in their pants whenever they felt like. Imagine we saw that happen like two weeks ago!"

They all chuckled over this, realizing how much the cruise had skewed their perception of peeing in your pants and how it was now acceptable.

Lisa shyly added, "I mean... me and Sheila have had a few accidents by now."

"Don't be embarrassed about it, it's really no big deal if you look at how many people are even doing it on purpose by now." One of the guy's tried to comfort her.

It was true though, the girls (Sheila and Lisa) had been hanging out with the three guys several times on the cruise. The guys didn't have as many problems as the girls when they were really desperate, they had peed pretty much everywhere by now.

For example off the side of the ship, behind a plant, in a plant, in and behind a trashcan. Yesterday they even whipped their dicks out and peed on the carpet right off their seats while watching a movie.

Because it was dark nobody else could see, while the girls promised to not look while sitting besides them.

Really weird situations had happened, but it meant that a couple of times the girls hadn't been able to find a place to relieve themselves and ended up with wet pants... they hated it the first few times but... yesterday they had gotten into a predicament once again, both were bursting to pee and they had found a toilet minutes earlier but the line was so freaking long they knew they stood no chance. They decided to keep looking but quickly realized they weren't gonna find one in time without a long line.

Sheila had accepted she was gonna wet her pants again, so why hold longer and hurt her bladder even more?

She had pretended to not be able to hold anymore and just relaxed her bladder and wet herself on purpose.

Surprisingly her friend had followed her lead and was wetting herself seconds later.

"Coincidence?" she thought. "Or had she also let go on purpose just like her."

....

"So... what's the plan here? I really need to go." One of the guys asked,

"Maybe us guys can just go soak the carpet in some hallway then? But what about you girls?"

"To be fair... those girls from earlier did pee in their pants like it wasn't a big deal at all." Lisa pondered, "I can't believe i'm actually contemplating going in my pants on purpose..."

After the girls gave each other a look and Sheila answered after a small pause, "Fine by me." Now that she had confirmed their plan, knowing that it meant wetting her pants, she was getting goosebumps.

"Hey, no need to be embarrassed about it ok!" One of the guys said while patting Sheila on her back.

The guys one by one got up and went to look for a spot for a quick leak leaving the two girls behind at the table, while assuring them to not be ashamed and just go in their pants if they wanted to.

"So... are we really gonna do this?" Lisa asked a bit nervous.

Sheila answered with another question, "Do you have a better idea?"

She continued, "After having had a couple of accidents... i'm starting to think it's not that bad, right?"

Lisa blushed and shyly answered, "I... i mean, it could be worse i guess."

Sheila her curiosity got the upper hand as she asked, "Yesterday you *also* let go in your pants on purpose right?"

"What?! No of course not!" only then Lisa realized what Sheila just admitted, "Wait what do you mean with *also*, so you *also* did it on purpose?"

Sheila started laughing, "I knew it!"

Meanwhile Lisa was getting completely flustered realizing she had accidentaly admitted to deliberately peeing her pants yesterday.

"Ah what the heck, we've seen several people wet themselves on purpose by now and nobody gave a damn." Sheila said while getting goosebumps for what she was about to do.

Sheila relaxed and let out a small sigh.

"Wait, are you...?"

*pssssshhhh*

"Oh shit... that feels good..." Sheila said surprised, with relief plastered on her face. "I needed to pee so bad."

Lisa said intrigued, "You're actually peeing, holy shit."

Pee was running down Sheila's jeans and chair, splattering on the carpet below her, "Ok now i understand those girls from earlier, it kinda feels nice."

She was completely emptying her bladder in her jeans while sitting on the chair, realizing it felt really good while she could see how her pants were getting soaked. Fully relieved she now looked at Lisa.

Sheila added, "I can't believe i'm saying this but... just try it, it feels good."

By the time the guys came back, the girls were both sitting in soaked pants that were still dripping with pee.

Slightly embarrassed at what they had done, but surprised at how nice and convenient it was.

Lisa was chuckling a little bit, "Now i'm wondering why i tried so hard all this time to not wet myself, it's way more convenient to just let go!"

"Wait seriously?" One of the guys asked.

"Yea really! I'm thinking of doing it more often, it's convenient!" Sheila added,

The guys didn't make fun of them at all. "I felt bad for you two on earlier days when you had accidents, but if you think about it, it's really no big deal. Even if you do it on purpose." One of the guy said while the others agreed.

They continued their game and the girls kept peeing their pants care free for the remainder of their evening.

__________________________________________

Luna and Chloe had escorted Emma to her room, it was only a small detour after all, they took their time as they weren't in a hurry because their reservation was still a while away.

However once they had dropped off Emma, Luna noticed how Chloe was all flirty and touchy feely with her. She loved it and started returning flirts as well. She hadn't forgotten how hot it looked when Chloe had wet herself earlier. In fact, by now her bladder had filled enough that she could go for a pee again which was also adding to her arousal.

They got to the entrance of the elevator and were waiting for it to open when Chloe whispered.

"Do you know how ridiculously hot that was when you casually walked out of the restroom and just soaked your entire jeans in the middle of the room. I wish i could've also seen it from behind."

"Oh you liked that huh?"

Chloe nodded with a mischievous smile.

"Want me do it again?" Luna said playfully.

Chloe's eyes widened and nodded furiously, meanwhile the elevator doors went open.

They were alone in the elevator and as the doors closed, Luna was so turned on she threw away all caution.

She put her hands on the railing in the back of the elevator, leaned forward and stretched her back, pointing her butt towards Chloe so she had the best view. Spread her feet wide and without hesitation relaxed her bladder completely.

Luna let out a moan followed by a loud hissing sound *pssshhhhhh*

Immediately she could feel the warm wetness spread everywhere, fully rewetting her jeans.

She could feel how Chloe had put her hand on her butt now, moving it downwards and in between her legs, caressing her crotch from behind while she was full force peeing into her pants.

Luna looked down to see her pee running down her jeans and through Chloe's fingers, making a splattering sound on the carpet below them.

She loved it, without hesitation she kept emptying her bladder while Chloe kept caressing Luna between her legs, enjoying the pee of her girlfriend running through her fingers.

Luna her stream subsided, with pee still dripping from her jeans in the two puddles she had made she turned around. Immediately she got greeted with Chloe pressing her lips unto hers, she felt Chloe's hands go down, grabbing Luna's butt so firm she almost lifted her off the ground.

Meanwhile Luna had cupped Chloe's breasts, feeling her bra under her shirt. Suddenly the *ping* sound went, meaning they had reached their floor and the door would open in any second, Luna quickly pushed Chloe off and they tried to look normal, but realized they had been just a tad bit too slow for comfort.

The doors went open and a small group of elderly people stood in front of them.

Luna still standing in her puddle with soaked jeans that were still glistening from wetness while both girls were red in the face and panting.

For a second they stared at the elderly people and they stared back at them with their mouths open before they both bolted out of the elevator and made their way to their room. Both where laughing their asses off while still walking through the hallways with no other people around.

"Holy shit Luna! That was ridiculously hot!" Chloe almost shouted,

Luna could see the lust still lingering in Chloe's eyes, "You know what was also ridiculously hot? When i saw you were wetting your panties and skirt yesterday evening!"

They now got to their room's door and Chloe opened it and went in closely followed by Luna.

"Haha, i knew you were looking up my skirt!" Chloe said with a mischievous smile,

"Hehe." Luna was caught, not that she minded, she closed the door while she answered playfully. "You caught me, now what?"

Chloe started teasing even more, "I guess it's my turn now, want to see me wet my panties again?"

Chloe didn't wait for an answer, she turned around in the middle of their room, now facing Luna.

She unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down just below her crotch, revealing her light pink panties to her.

The wet patch of her previous wetting was spread over her crotch, Luna couldn't help it, seeing Chloe stand like that was turning her on even more.

A new wet patch appeared on Chloe's panties that quickly spread out while her pee started to stream down into her shorts and further ran down on the carpet.

Luna couldn't help herself anymore, she walked up to Chloe and let her hand slide down over her girlfriends crotch, feeling her panties, feeling her stream going through her fingers. Luna wasn't thinking anymore, like on autopilot she started to massage Chloe's pussy through her panties while pee was still pouring out of her.

The only thing that could be heard in the room was moaning and kissing combined with pee splattering in the puddle that Chloe was making. The splattering eventually stopped as Chloe her stream subsided. They kept making out while Luna had a revelation in the moment, fuck it, she wanted to go all the way.

Just when Luna wanted to slide her hand in Chloe's panties she suddenly moved and stood behind Luna.

Chloe's left hand slid up Luna's shirt and under her bra while her right hand fiddled with her jeans button.

Luna let out a moan when she could feel Chloe's hand on her breast, she quickly helped undoing her jeans button and pulled her jeans down a little to make way for Chloe.

Expecting Chloe to touch her through her panties gave Luna goosebumps when she instead felt Chloe's hand go in her panties, she didn't fight it at all and shivers coursed through her body when Chloe's hands reached her slit, caressing it. Chloe started rubbing Luna's clit while she started to moan loudly. She hadn't even realized before how much she had been looking forward to this moment.

Waves of pleasure were coursing through Luna while she was getting closer and closer to climaxing, she wasn't thinking anymore and simply relished the moment.

Luna loved how she could feel Chloe kissing her neck and nibbling on her earlobes when suddenly she slid a finger inside her and started fingering her.

Luna felt like she was losing her mind, her knees getting weak while she was getting overwhelmed with arousal.

Her mind went blank and she felt pure ecstasy while spasms were going through her body, after her orgasm subsided she could feel herself losing control and getting limb.

Luna got back to her senses and got back up with a little help of Chloe, slightly embarrassed.

Chloe whispered in her ear, "Liked that?"

"Holy fuck" Luna muttered while heavily panting, "I think 'like' is an understatement."

Luna firmly planted her lips on Chloe's while she started moving her hands over her body and downwards towards her soggy panties. To Luna's surprise, before she got there Chloe stopped her advance.

"Huh? Something wrong?" Luna said surprised,

Chloe had an almost painful expression on her face, was that... regret?

"No, nothing wrong. In fact i'm gonna regret saying this, it's just that we're gonna be late for our reservation if we don't change and go immediately."

"Fuck..." Luna said it while she knew Chloe was right.

Screw that reservation, she wanted more of this, more of Chloe. Funnily enough she could see it in Chloe's eyes as well. Suddenly out of nowhere she could hear Chloe's stomach growl.

"Hahaha are you that hungry?" Luna said while they both started laughing, "I was just thinking of bailing on that reservation if that was an option."

Chloe chuckled, while having Luna still in her embrace "There's a fine if we bail, although i was considering it as well!"

Luna's stomach now growled as well, she was in fact hungry as well, they both chuckled again.

Moving her head closer to Chloe's ear, Luna whispered, "I promise i'll more than make it up to you when we get back."

"Alright! What are we waiting for then, lets get going!" Chloe suddenly blurted out, full of energy she kicked off her shorts that had fallen on the ground at some point during their make out session.

__________________________________

Just in time they made it to the restaurant, they had quickly changed into fresh clothes before leaving.

Can't go to a restaurant in peed pants. At least that's what they assumed.

Luna had put on her tight fitting jeans shorts while Chloe was wearing a classy grey dress that almost came to her knees.

"you picked out that dress because of what i said earlier didn't you?" Luna said while giving Chloe a mischievous smile.

A grin came on Chloe's face, "Hehe, perhaps." she wasn't even trying to hide her intentions. "Want to know what color of panties i'm wearing this time?"

"I'll see them later anyway, lets keep it a surprise shall we?" Luna blurted out,

Chloe acted surprised, "Oh Luna!"

Luna felt like she was done hiding and loved how they were openly flirting with each other, a few days ago this would have been a far dream of hers.

Chloe playfully added, "I can't wait to see you wet those shorts and i'll pull them off later!"

"Chloe!" Now it was Luna's turn to act surprised.

Before leaving the room Luna had quickly splashed some water in her face to cool off a little, but she already felt the effect had worn off and she was getting flustered again.

After everything that had happened Luna was very much intending to wet her shorts at some point, probably giving a show to Chloe while doing so, but not in the restaurant ofcourse!

She definitely cherished what had developed between them over the last few days.

When they entered the restaurant they had to wait a bit to get a table appointed, meanwhile they were taking in the interior.

As Emma had said, it was fantasy themed and was looking fantastic. It had all sorts of decorations and art that referenced famous and iconic fantasy stories.

With just a glance anyone could tell there went a lot of work in designing this style, everything looked well crafted.

The waiters were all well dressed up while the seating was also in U-shaped cubicle style with what looked like soft and comfortable seats.

They liked what they saw.

Their reservation was on the late side so some of the other tables were already done eating.

Not far from where they were standing, they saw a family that was already done it seemed.

Luna her attention got grasped by something, while the mother and father were happily chatting, their daughter (probably not much older than Emma) who was sitting next to her mother suddenly reclined in her seat and let out a small sigh.

A thought crossed Luna's mind, "Surely she wasn't gonna...?"

Suddenly to Luna's surprise a small dark spot became visible on the girls crotch of her pants and quickly started growing, the girl calmly observed how the wet patch grew on her crotch while she nonchalantly kept relieving herself right there in her pants where she was sitting.

By the time Luna had poked Chloe to get her attention, her pants were getting soaked with pee while it was already flowing down the front of her seat and down on to to the carpet. The girls mother had noticed it by now.

The mother chuckled, "Sweety, you didn't feel like getting up to go to the toilet?"

"No, I ate so much it's hard to get up!" The girl jokingly said.

The mother and father laughed it off like it was only normal that their daughter was simply wetting her pants when she was feeling too lazy to get up to go to the toilet.

After the girl was done peeing in her pants she sat back up straight and announced with a smile, "I'm done" and took a sip from her drink.

"Hold up, I thought it made sense it wasn't allowed to wet your pants in the restaurants, that's why there's always acces to the toilets right?" Luna asked,

Chloe answered slightly confused, "Yea that's what i also thought, maybe we assumed wrong!"

The waitress walked up to them, "Good evening ladies, table for two?"

They followed the waitress to their cubicle while Luna thought back at what Dr. Neuhaus had said earlier today.

"Basically anywhere else outside of the restroom is totally allowed to just 'go' ehehe!"

Had they wrongly assumed that wetting your pants in the restaurant wasn't allowed?

They got their table appointed and Luna and Chloe took their seat while Luna her curiosity got the upperhand.

"Excuse me. We saw that girl wet her pants on purpose so i was wondering, is that simply allowed?" Luna asked politely.

"Absolutely, anywhere on the ship as a matter of fact." The waitress answered casually, "On the other hand we have toilets here that are always open as well."

"Yes we knew there were toilets in the restaurants, so we assumed 'accidents' weren't allowed because of it." Chloe said surprised,

"Well you don't have to use the toilets if you don't feel like it." The waitress responded with a smile, "If you prefer you can simply go in your pants and on the seats, the cushions are well equipped for that specific reason."

Turns out they had underestimated the cruise and it's toilet rules, Luna couldn't believe it was allowed to wet your pants in the middle of a restaurant.

Later the waitress returned with their ordered drinks and appetizers that they quickly started snacking on.

They were happily chatting while also rating the food they were snacking on.

Both girls agreed it was delicious so far. Meanwhile the people at the table that was accross theirs were done and left, this did mean they had a decent amount of cover from the remaining people on other tables.

When the waitress returned they both gave their order and she let them know their food was on it's way.

Chloe was telling a story about something she had seen on vacation a year ago while Luna was listening. With what the waitress had said she started feeling cheeky though.

Luna didn't even need to pee all that bad, but just for fun she started relaxing her bladder.

While still listening to Chloe's story Luna could feel her panties get damp.

"Nothing weird about the fact that i'm letting out spurts in my pants on this cruise!" Luna thought, she quickly let out another spurt, dampening her panties further.

She kept letting out small spurts here and there slowly wetting her panties. She knew that if she kept going like this it'll show a wet spot on her jeans shorts if it didn't already, and afterwards if they wanted to leave they would have to get up from their table and walk through the entire restaurant which meant people would see that she had peed her pants. And then walk all the way to their room with people everywhere.

While thinking about the consequences she was getting some goosebumps. Relaxed for another spurt to come out but she didn't feel like stopping immediatly.

While still listening to Chloe's story Luna loved how she started feeling a warm and wet glow in her crotch, she glanced down to observe the wet patch growing on her shorts.

Still she didn't immediatly stop, it felt good to release in her pants. When she finally stopped her stream there was already a significant wet spot, she could feel some had went to her butt as well.

This would be hard to hide from people if she would stand up, not that she was worrying about it anymore but it was making her excited if anything.

Chloe suddenly interrupted what she was talking about and asked, "Did you just pee...?"

Luna started to blush and whispered, "I did, I just wet myself. Only a little bit though"

Chloe her head popped under the table to see for herself. Popped back up with a silly grin on her face.

"That's not a little bit!" Chloe said enthousiasticly, "You really don't care anymore if other people see it?"

"Nope!" They both chuckled and Luna added with a mischievous grin on her face. "Should i do some more?"

Chloe quickly nodded and Luna reclined back in her seat, spread her legs wide so Chloe had a good view and relaxed her bladder. Chloe popped her head under the table again to watch.

Luna happily continued wetting her panties and shorts, the wet patch started to expand and she could now feel the wet warmth start to soak downwards and caressing her butt until she finally stopped her stream.

Luna lifted her butt up just to show the wet patch to Chloe while both were giggling at what she had just done.

"Holy shit you completely wet your shorts." Chloe announced, "Ok my turn now."

Luna didn't want to miss this! It was now her turn to pop her head under the table and enjoy the view. Chloe spread her legs wide this time.

Luna had a perfect view at Chloe's panties which were dark blue with pink accents. They were super cute and before Luna could fully take in the view when a darker colored wet patch started to form on Chloe's panties.

She was letting out spurts, making her panties get more and more wet with each one.

Slowly the wet patch grew and expanded, all the way until her pee was starting to soak into her dress as well, creating a darker grey patch on her dress. Chloe was letting out bigger spurts while Luna saw it start to run down her dress as well.

Suddenly Chloe slammed her legs back together which spooked Luna.

When Luna popped her head back up she saw the waitress walking towards their table with their food.

___________________________

"Can't believe i wet myself like that earlier." Luna admitted.

Chloe answered with a smile, "But it felt good didn't it, the expression on your face gave it away!"

They were done eating their delicious meal and were still chatting and enjoying their drinks, both sitting in peed clothes without a worry.

Luna asked after checking her phone "By the way Vicky and Selena asked if we're coming to the party at the top deck later?"

"Sure if you want to!" Chloe answered energetically, "At least if that, you know, that promise from earlier still stands?" Chloe answered back in a playful way.

Oh Luna was definitely looking forward to it, with a mischievous smile she answered. "Absolutely!"

"On a different subject though, the drinks are doing it's work and I didn't let everything out earlier." Chloe said while pretending to be squirmish, "I really need to pee again."

"Just let go!" Luna answered without missing a beat.

"Oh i think i will!" Chloe said while she started moving further across the seat into the cubicle, past the end of the table so they had more cover as well.

Luna moved with her so the table was out of the way for her and she had a great view now.

Chloe put one foot up the seat and spread wide, hiking up her dress a little bit as well giving Luna full view of her pee stained panties.

While Luna suddenly got an idea, she kicked off one shoe and moved closer to Chloe.

"Huh, what are you? ...oh" Chloe let out surprised.

Luna started to massage Chloe's crotch and soggy panties with her foot, making her sock damp from Chloe's still soggy panties.

Chloe reclined in her seat and was holding back moans while her girlfriend was rubbing her with her foot. Clearly enjoying it.

Luna could feel the first spurt that went into Chloe's panties, making her sock wet.

She started to rub faster, pressing her foot into Chloe's crotch which got answered with another spurt from her further wetting Luna's sock.

They went back and forth like this, Luna rubbing her foot on Chloe's crotch while she could feel her sock getting more and more soaked with each spurt that Chloe was letting out in her panties.

Luna wasn't thinking anymore, she just felt like doing it. She fully relaxed her bladder and with a loud hissing noise she was wetting her shorts completely. Pee was gushing out of her short legs while cascading down the seat and on the ground.

She wasn't the only one that was letting it all out when she could feel her foot getting warm and wet, pee was running down her soaked sock and unto the ground while Chloe's panties and dress were getting soaked with pee.

Luna started rubbing as fast as she could and saw her girlfriend reaching her limit.

Spasms were going through Chloe as she orgasmed while trying to not make too much sound.

With pee still gushing out of her Luna could feel how short bursts of pee were hitting her foot through Chloe's panties.

Luna was getting extremely turned on by seeing her orgasm like that which lasted for several seconds.

Just when Chloe her orgasm subsided they got spooked, someone was coming.

Just when the waitress arrived at their table both girls were sitting at their table normally again pretending nothing had happened. Still heavily breathing and panting while being bright red in their face.

"Uhm..." While the waitress politely asked, "Dessert?"

______________________________________

*121*2023-05-09 00:03

Chapter 21: "Getting comfortable"

Sorry for the long wait guys, i also decided to cut the chapter i was working on in half because it was getting too long.

That does mean that the next chapter will be coming a lot sooner than this one 😄

________________________________

"It's completely soaked!" Luna said, laughing while she was wringing out her soaked sock.

"Sorry!" Chloe was laughing,

After they were done laughing about it and Luna put her now soggy sock back on, Chloe asked,

"Why didn't you want a dessert btw?"

"Because i was planning on having you as a dessert, duh!"

"Oh my god Luna!"

They were both laughing while trying to keep their voices down.

"I just thought it's kinda dumb to pay for one if we have plenty of good ice cream and other stuff for free outside the restaurant." Luna said,

"Ok fair enough," Chloe replied, "You can have some of mine!"

________________________

Chloe had finished her desert with the help of Luna and they went on their way to their room. On the way there to get changed they bumped into Selena and Vicky.

"There you guys are, come on hurry up so we can go to the party, i'm getting thirsty and there are drinks that need to get emptied!" Vicky said while motioning to go faster.

Selena quickly added, "And floors that needs to get danced on!"

Luna opened the door to their room and let everyone in, Vicky and Selena were already dressed up with their make up done and everything ready to go. They didn't even mention anything about Luna and Chloe's soaked shorts and dress.

Luna sat down on one of their chairs in her pissy shorts with the others while Chloe went in the bathroom to get changed. Selena kept standing and Vicky took the other free chair.

"So how was your guys afternoon?" Luna asked,

Selena started, "We wandered around together with Liv and Peyton and then went to the gym together, we only found one toilet that was kind of close to it and the line was insanely long."

"When we finally got to the gym and by the time everything was set up and we got going we all needed to pee again!" Vicky continued.

"Of course Peyton and Liv complained and were about to head back to the toilet." Selena continued, "I was already contemplating to simply wet my shorts right then and there even if there were other people at the gym. And we were already wasting so much time just standing in line for toilets."

Vicky excitedly continued their story, "Then this hot and muscled gym trainer comes around and simply tells us it's easier to find a spot here in the gym, squat and just go on the carpet or if you're not too shy about it, is to wear light shorts and pee through them."

"I kid you not!" Selena added, "He even added that we didn't need to be embarrassed about it!"

"There were even rules in the gym that said you needed to clean the gym equipment after you were 'done' with it." Vicky said in excitement.

"Wait we had a similar experience!" Chloe's muffled voice could be heard through the bathroom door.

"So Peyton said 'fuck it' and went to a bit more secluded spot in between the gym equipment and dropped her pants and pissed right in the middle of the gym. And Liv, as prude as she is obviously went all the way back to go stand in line for the toilet." Vicky explained while rolling her eyes.

"And me and Vicky just pissed our shorts on the spot!" Selena said excitedly without any shame. "Like this" She spread her feet apart, relaxed which made her shoulders drop and let out a long "aaaah"

"Haha yea just like that!" Vicky remarked.

Luna realized Selena was only mimicking what she had done at the gym and blurted out, "I thought for a second you were gonna pee your pants right there."

"Don't worry i don't need to, i peed right before we got here." Selena assured her.

Luna now excitedly started telling their story of what they had done during the day, with the whole ordeal of the Karen, without any shame she explained how they had wet themselves multiple times and finally meeting with Dr. Neuhaus.

"No way you met him!?" Both Selena and Vicky reacted surprised.

"We had completely soaked our pants by then." Luna said just when Chloe came back from the bathroom.

Chloe twirled around in front of Luna, "What do you think?" Chloe was wearing a white blouse with jeans hot pants/shorts and dark grey leggings under them.

"Looks amazing!" Luna said while giving a wink and went in the bathroom herself to get ready. While inside she could hear the conversation continue although a bit muffled.

Chloe continued the conversation and was further talking about the moment they met Dr. Neuhaus.

"Stop! There's no way you're telling me that karen was actually called Karen?" Vicky almost shouted from surprise.

"Does it look like i'm joking?"

"Go away!"

Chloe continued, "He roasted the karen and then went on to clarify the rules further, he straight up told us it's fine to go in our pants anywhere except in the restroom."

"So that's exactly what we did at the restaurant later!" Luna shouted muffled from inside the bathroom.

Vicky and Selena laughed while both were entertained with the story.

Selena blushed a little when she started talking, "Lately i'm feeling pretty comfortable just going in my pants, i hope that's not weird"

The others agreed sheepishly, assuring her it's not weird at all.

Luna couldn't agree more, she loved how much had changed between all of them the last few days.

She was done with getting dressed and started on her make up so she opened the door to the bathroom while she continued getting ready.

"About that, so um... do you guys also just wet the bed instead of getting up at night?" Vicky asked as nonchalantly as possible while glancing at their bed.

"Wait, you guys also do that?" Chloe blurted out

They all laughed at the fact they had been sharing the same naughty habit.

"That's one thing i'm seriously gonna miss..." Selena said looking disappointed, "It's so annoying to get up in the middle of the night to go to the toilet."

Chloe added, "Especially after a night out and you had a lot to drink!"

"Exactly!" Selena said, "I never thought of the option to simply let go in bed when i needed to pee."

Vicky laughed at the others, "Well sucks to be you! I usually have a waterproof cover over my mattress, so when i wake up in the middle of the night to pee i'll stay in bed if i feel like it!"

Luna felt a sting of jealousy when she got reminded that Vicky's family was ok with her wetting her bed.

Luna suddenly realized, this was the first time the topic came up about when the cruise would end and they went back home. Would things go back to normal or would she still have opportunities to wet her pants?

Luna started to ponder over the many things that had happened on this cruise.

She did feel some butterflies in her stomach when she thought about the biggest change, the fact that she had a girlfriend now.

A few shivers went through her while thinking of her family and friends their reaction if they would find out.

Although she also secretly hoped she would be able to continue her naughty habit of wetting even when the cruise eventually ended.

Vicky started teasing Selena now, "Imagine waking up in the middle of the night after we went out for a few drinks, laying in bed and needing to pee."

"I wouldn't want to get out of bed!" Selena said while playing along and faking an irritated face,

"Just laying there.... relaxing... and... aaah" Vicky reclined in her chair, shoulders dropped and let out a sigh. A second later she suspiciously tensed up and shifted to sitting back up again.

Chloe blurted out, "Wait, did you just pee?"

Vicky had a mischievous smile on her face and wiggled a bit on her chair, "A little bit."

They all chuckled while Vicky spread her legs a bit, showing the crotch of her jeans that now had a tiny but barely visible wet spot.

"I didn't even need to pee to be honest. I just felt like doing it, i like that damp feeling in my panties." Vicky sheepishly added.

Luna her heart started beating faster, her friends were having a casual discussion about wetting their pants, and enjoying it!

"Oh you also like that?" Selena added while Chloe was nodding along in agreement.

Selena a little bit on the spot and mumbled a bit, "Maybe I should've let some out as well earlier, even though i don't really have much in the tank."

"Just do it if you want" Chloe was trying to convince Selena,

"What's stopping you?" Luna popped her head out of the bathroom and asked hopefully, "So are we even gonna bother to go stand in line for the toilet later or...?"

The others looked at each other for a few seconds when Selena spoke up, "We've been standing in bathroom lines for so long today, i don't want to go stand in anymore lines!"

"Agree!" Chloe added, "It's not a big deal if other people see me wet my pants anyway."

Vicky nonchalantly added, "Same, what's the big deal if other people are doing it as well at this point and it's actually allowed anyway!"

_________________

Vicky enjoyed the wet feeling in her panties while still sitting on the chair, letting it all out in her fresh jeans would feel even better though. Thinking about it, that nice warm glow in her crotch followed with the wet sensation spreading under her butt would feel wonderful.

On second thought she couldn't do that as she would need to go to the party in visibly peed pants... or did she even really care that people would see her? Her friends didn't seem to mind it either at this point. Would random strangers even care if she would go to the party in peed pants?

Vicky made up her mind and started to relax her bladder, waiting for her flow to start and empty her bladder in her jeans and chair.

_____________________

Luna's make up was done by now and she was wearing her stylish red jumpsuit she had worn a couple days earlier. It had returned from the cleaning service all clean and pristine again. She was completely ready to go to the party. While doing the final touches she heard laughter erupting from the others outside the bathroom followed by a "Haha she's peeing!"

Once again she popped her head out of the bathroom to see what was going on.

Vicky got up and turned around, showing off a big wet patch that was spread over her butt that was impossible not to notice. Clearly she had just peed herself on purpose.

"You're gonna go to the party like that?" Luna asked surprised.

Vicky, who was still laughing at what she just did, asked, "Yea why not?"

"You're gonna pee your jeans as well?" Chloe asked while looking over at Selena,

Only now Luna realized Selena had shifted her stance and was standing with her feet slightly apart.

Selena blushed a little when saying, "A little bit, just to get my panties wet."

Just as she said it they could see a wet patch slowly form on her crotch, but it looked like she didn't stop her flow. It started to spread across her crotch and was glistening with wetness while a streak went down on one side of her thigh.

Chloe chuckled while looking at Selena's wet patch, "I thought you were only gonna pee a little bit? You emptied your bladder didn't you?"

"Well it felt good so i didn't feel like stopping!" Selena sheepishly declared with a smile, she felt her wet crotch with her hand and continued, "Oooh I'm starting to really like that wet feeling not gonna lie."

Luna couldn't believe they were wetting their jeans just for fun. Just like with Vicky there was no way people wouldn't notice with a wet patch like that, Selena's jeans were clearly peed in with a streak that went down to almost her knee.

She went back into the bathroom and looked at herself in their standing mirror.

She couldn't stop grinning.

Excitement had been building hearing her friends enjoying wetting their pants, but now it had reached it's peak.

With pounding heart she relaxed her bladder.

It took a few seconds but then Luna could feel the first drops going in her fresh panties with no intentions to stop.

She enjoyed how her panties were slowly getting soaked with pee while starting to go down her inner thighs, in her reflection in the mirror she could see the darker wet patch starting to form on her crotch. After a couple seconds her small stream subsided leaving only a small wet patch on her crotch and a streak that went down on one of her thighs.

Happy with the wet sensation in her pants she exited the bathroom to join with the others, she showed off her wet patch as well. No need to be embarrassed about it anymore.

They all fist bumped each other seeing they had all wet their pants , some more than the others, except Chloe.

"Maaaaan! I peed earlier and now i can't, i'm the only one with dry panties." Chloe said while she genuinely seemed disappointed.

"Haha loser!" Selena joked while the others laughed.

____________________________________

They were on their way to the party which was on the top deck on the other side of the ship as usual, they took their sweet time while chatting about stuff.

Luna wasn't sure who started the topic but they were now talking about whether it was a good idea to wet your panties while at school under their school outfit?

"I mean, under your skirt nobody would know it anyway right?" Chloe added,

Luna was loving the naughty idea, and the prospect of continuing the idea of wetting her panties after the cruise ended.

They were almost at the party when suddenly Luna realized Chloe had fallen behind.

She turned around to see Chloe standing still now, concentrating and with her feet apart.

"Aah... there we go." While Chloe said it they could all see a darker patch form on her jean shorts.

They all chuckled seeing Chloe had finally caught up with them and had wet herself a little, she looked content with what she had done.

"Well there goes my fresh dry panties." Chloe happily declared while checking the wetness on her shorts.

They entered the top deck and arrived at the party. Minutes later Luna had already found a snack to munch on as a desert for earlier and they were all hanging out in one of the lounge chairs while Selena had brought drinks for them.

"How come you guys have wet your pants again?"

Peyton and Liv suddenly arrived.

"Accidents?" Liv asked.

"Not quite, it was on purpose." Vicky said in between sips from her drink. "Just for fun."

They all chuckled while Peyton rolled her eyes and Liv had a look of confusion on her face wondering if they were joking.

"Actually a bit further i think there's a whole group of chicks sitting that also peed in their pants, but fully soaked." Liv said while joining the conversation. "The line to the bathroom isn't even that long so i wonder how they all managed to have an accident like that."

"Seriously the line is pretty long..." Peyton remarked to Liv.

Luna calmly added, "I don't think those are accidents anymore at this point."

"I saw some women are also simply wetting their panties under their skirts, or maybe they're just going commando i guess." Selena added.

"Well i don't know about you guys but i'm just gonna piss my jeans for the remainder of the evening." Vicky blurted out.

Selena, Luna and Chloe all agreed, said cheers and clinked their glasses. Peyton ignored it and Liv had a confused expression on her face.

The DJ started his set and was shouting some stuff over a song that nobody really cared about and that was their qeue to go mingle in the crowd and enter the dance floor.

Luna was in a bubbly mood which was not her usual self at parties, she felt more free.

She loved dancing in the crowd with a wet feeling between her legs reminding her of what she had done earlier and what she was planning on doing. it weirdly made her feel sexy.

Dancing around while she was being social with others, Peyton and Liv had started chatting with some guys and Luna joined in as well.

She felt a bit funny and blushed when Peyton and Liv let the guys know she was in fact taken when the guys were trying to hit on her.

After a while it was Luna and Chloe's turn to get a fresh round of drinks.

It was quite crowded tonight and they had to get through heaps of people to get to one of the bars on the deck.

While waiting at the bar there was a woman before them, at first Luna didn't notice anything but then Chloe nodded towards her.

It was hard to see because she was wearing black pants, but surely they could see there was a wet patch stretched over her bum.

Luna and Chloe smiled at each other knowing they were not the only ones, then the woman walked away and it was their turn.

They gave their order and waited for their drinks while Chloe stood next to her at the bar and suddenly whispered in her ear.

"I get it."

"Get what?" Luna asked confused,

"This." Chloe answered with a smile while she nodded downwards.

Only now Luna noticed, Chloe simply stood there leaning on the bar and was without missing a beat relieving herself in her shorts.

Her shorts were glistening with pee while it was spreading down on her dark grey leggings. Surely it couldn't have been a full bladder but the wet patch still reached all the way until her knees by the time she was done.

"I love how it feels." Then Chloe stole a quick kiss before grabbing their drinks and heading towards the others.

Luna her head was floating somewhere in the clouds while she was walking behind Chloe, her girlfriend had just nonchalantly pissed herself in full view and now she could see the fresh wet patch on her butt that hadn't been there a few minutes earlier.

Chloe hadn't been the only one that felt like wetting her pants further.

Selena and Vicky were both dancing together and now both their wet patch on their jeans spread all the way to their knees as well. They were definitely enjoying themselves.

They put their drinks down on the nearest table and went back to the dance floor just when the DJ shouted some gibberish in his mic and hyped up the crowd for the next banger of a song.

For a while they danced their hearts out and Luna could feel her own bladder starting to fill by now, and just as she thought of letting it flow the current song ended and a slower song started which was her qeue.

Chloe came up to her, with the intent in wanting a dance with her, of course she accepted and while they started slow dancing, in the moment Luna relaxed her bladder without any hesitation and welcomed the wet sensation that was spreading in her panties.

Chloe threw her arms around Luna and pulled her closer pressing their bodies against each other.

Luna could feel the warm wetness soaking down her legs while she asked, "you don't mind right? I'm in the middle of..."

Chloe cut off her sentence, "I could tell by looking at your face that you're peeing!"

Without waiting for a reaction Chloe pressed her lips against Luna's and they kept kissing while Luna kept fully relieving her bladder into her jumpsuit. She was in heaven.

By the time she was done peeing she could feel her clothes were soaked, her pee had cascaded down her legs and into her shoes, soaking her socks. Not completely to her surprise but when the song ended and got replaced for a faster one they stopped dancing and Luna could now see Chloe had done the same, her leggings had a wet patch all the way down to her shoes which must mean she soaked her socks as well.

They sheepishly looked around in the crowd to see if anyone was staring at them but that didn't seem to be the case, probably nobody had even noticed.

Which wasn't that weird knowing they also didn't really pay attention if other people were wetting themselves while they were having a good time.

The entire top deck was crowded and as far as she knew there was only one measly bathroom with a few cubicles open. With the effect of the drug and the amounts of drinks there's no way all these people were going to the toilet.

"Ah there you guys are, this song sucks! Lets take a break!" Selena suddenly showed up with Vicky behind her, still with the wet patch on their jeans from earlier.

They took their drinks with them and couldn't really find any free seats anymore so they went to the side of the ship where it was a lot less noisy and away from the crowd.

A bit further away they could also see men who were peeing through the railing and off of the side of the ship.

"Oh you guys went in your pants while dancing?" Selena asked carefree, "I really need to pee as well actually."

While Selena said it Vicky was already ahead of her and walking to the railing, leaned on it, spread her feet wide and let out a long and loud "aaaaaah" while they all could hear the hissing start as she started fully peeing her jeans.

"Same actually." Vicky said nonchalantly while in the middle of wetting her pants and sipping from her drink.

Selena quickly followed Vicky's example and started peeing her pants as well while they all were leaning on the railing and with a look of content on their face, staring in to the distance of the moon lit ocean.

Luna loved how her friends were completely comfortable with it, she could see how both managed to make quite a puddle at their feet by the time they were done. Both their jeans were completely soaked by now.

They started chatting while Luna snuggled up in Chloe's embrace.

"What do you think Tim is gonna think of that?" Selena suddenly asked,

Tim was Luna's ex boyfriend who she dated for a few months before getting to know Chloe, she was still friends with him but knew he still had feelings for her. He also went to the same school as them but didn't come along on the cruise.

Luna started to blush a little bit, "I don't know, i don't even know what i should tell him. You think he might get jealous?"

"Might?" Selena and Vicky laughed.

"I low key disliked him because he was sometimes hitting on you i felt like." Chloe admitted sheepishly.

"Oh so that's why, i sometimes noticed it you really didn't like him." Luna said while laughing.

The others chuckled while Luna thought it was cute and gave Chloe a peck on the lips.

Seemingly out of nowhere Selena suddenly fired a question, "How does it feel to kiss a girl actually?"

They all paused and looked at Selena, who got immediately flustered.

"Why do you ask?" Vicky asked curiously, "If you want to know just try it."

Luna wasn't used to talking about this topic and felt really shy.

"Just kiss Vicky and see for yourself." Chloe said jokingly.

Selena quickly shook her head while getting flustered even more.

Vicky immediately fired back, "I definitely need another drink for that, probably two!"

"That can be arranged." Chloe said while gesturing towards the party.

"Haha.. w-wait are you serious?" Selena stammered,

Vicky replied with a wink, "I don't mind if it's you sweety!"

They all laughed at Vicky her joke while Selena was sheepishly fumbling with her now empty glass in her hands.

"Found you guys!" Liv said from behind, "Got your text Vicky, else we would've never found you."

Liv and Peyton arrived with fresh drinks in their hands for everyone.

"Did you all fully piss your pants?" Peyton asked in disbelieve.

Luna who was still in Chloe's embrace jokingly replied, "Yea we just couldn't hold it anymore!"

*126*2023-05-18 07:47

{{On 5/13/2023 at 1:13 PM, XxAbthedevxX said:

Nice Loved Every Moment of it , i would also like to know more about emma's mother tho did she get used to the cruise or not ?

}}

I had some more development planned for Emma and her family but the story was getting too long so I decided to scrap some of it.

There will be some more of Emma and her mother in upcoming chapters but not too much

