Too long to wait

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-06-11 17:14

Alright going to give my fanfic request a shot and see how it turns out. If it turns out good then I'll write about the other 2 sisters later. If it doesn't turn out good then I'll just scrap the idea. Alright so here it goes.

Sable always hated waking up early and being rushed out of the house but that's the way things are. Today she woke up so late all she had time to do was grab a quick snack and head out the door. But in doing that she forgot something: her bathroom break. So when she got their she just realized it. She was also trying her best to hide it from her sister Mable. Now, Mable it a cute blue hedgehog with a white face and. Lack eyes but no mouth. Sable was a brown hedgehog with freckles and tired eyes. Mable wore a green and white gingham plaid apron while Sable wore a Brown and White gingham plaid apron. About 20 minutes into the day, she started to feel the effects of not going pee. She had her brown furred legs crossed and was slightly bobbing them up and down. Since it was a Monday, they had almost no customers. It made things much more difficult for Sable because she didn't have a distraction. And it didn't help much that their shop was right next to a waterfall.

It was about noon when she REALLY needed to go bad. She had her legs tightly crossed and was bobbing them up and down quickly. She also occasionally stuck a hand down there to help. At 1 PM, she couldn't hold it anymore. She was trying with all her strength to hold it back but her efforts were not successful in holding it back. She stood up when she began too pee. She had stored a lot of pee, for she peed for a whole 2 and a half minutes. The stain was horrible. She had a giant pee stain on her inner legs and her apron bottom was soaked. As soon as it stopped, she began to cry. Her sister comforted her, saying it happens to everyone at one point in their lives. Her sister said they're closing early anyway so they decided to go home right then. When they got home, Sable cleaned up and put her apron in the washer and her and Mable just watched TV for the rest of the night.

So how did you like it? All feedback helps so yeah, just reply with any advice or comments.

Thanks: Omo-Homo

