First Story

Author: DreamyMelMel

*000*2011-01-03 03:44

Okay, I'm kind of nervous to put a fanfic up because I have never posted any of my stories before. I mainly write them for myself, but I decided to give this a try.... So here goes...

Jenna was in the car with her boyfriend on the way to his mother’s house for dinner. She had been to her house dozens of times, but this time it was a celebration. His brother was announcing his engagement tonight. Jenna had gone straight from work and picked up by Charles. They had a forty five minute drive to his mothers. “Charles, do you think we could stop somewhere, I have to pee.” Jenna asked on their drive. “We don’t have time if we want to be there by 6. Can you hold it until then?” Jenna nodded; she could surely hold it for another thirty minutes or so. But as the drive continued her urge increased. When they reached Anne’s house, Jenna was shifting in her seat and crossing her ankles. They had arrived with five minutes to spare.

When they walked inside, Jenna was greeted by Charles’ mother, father, grandparents, brother, and his fiancé. They all talked and then headed into the dining room. As they were taking their seats, Jenna was reminded of her urge to use the bathroom. She was fidgeting around but since everyone was almost seated she decided to just start the meal and then excuse herself to the bathroom. The meal began with appetizers and everyone was eating. Jenna had drunk a whole cup of water without realizing it. She moved in her seat and she began to really feel her bladder. She had her legs crossed under the table.

When they brought out dinner, Jenna was dying to pee. She started eating and about halfway through she decided to make her move. “If everyone would excuse me, I need to run to the restroom for a minute”. As she was about to get up Anne started to speak. “Oooh You didn’t hear Jenna. The plumber came earlier today and shut off all of the water in the bathrooms until 9pm.” Jenna nodded her head and sat back down at the table.

She looked at her watch: 7:30. She had to wait an hour and a half to use the bathroom. She crossed her legs again, but tighter this time. As everyone finished their meals, Jenna had begun moving a lot and was dying to pee. After dessert, Charles’ brother and his fiancé announced their engagement and everyone was sitting and talking at the table. Jenna took this to her advantage to put her hands in her crotch to stem the urge. Again she looked at her watch. It was only 8pm and she wasn’t sure how much longer she was going to make it. When Anne began clearing the table Jenna knew that she should help. She gained her control and composure and helped clear the dishes. Whenever she was standing still she had to cross her legs and slam her thighs together. When it came time to wash the dishes Jenna offered but she said she needed to do it alone. As everyone went into the living room she began doing a pee dance around the kitchen. She started thinking of a game plan on how to wash the dishes.

She turned the water on, which instantly sent a wave through her bladder. She jammed her hands into her crotch and caught it just in time. She washed some of the dishes with one hand in her crotch, but it was taking too long and she was bursting. She decided to plug the sink and turn the water on. That way she could get it over with and not have to hear the running water the entire time. As the sink was filling up, Jenna was walking in circles holding herself. She quickly finished the dishes, dried them, and then ran over to the clock. It said 8:30. She couldn’t believe it. She didn’t know if she could last another thirty minutes. She felt a drip come out of her panties and she started pee dancing. She had started to lose control!

She was putting the dishes away when she felt another drip escape. She shoved her hands in her crotch and slammed her legs together. Then a squirt escaped. She had reached her limit. She had to think fast. She ran over to the kitchen door. She locked it and then ran to the sink. She took her skirt off and her panties. She climb onto the counter and straddled the sink. With one hand she held her crotch to keep the pee in, with the other she slowly turned around and turned on the sink. Within seconds she felt a squirt escape, she knew she could have relief. So she just moved her hand and let her body pee. The pee exploded from her body and she sighed with relief. When she was done, she wiped herself, put her panties and skirt back on and then washed the sink.

She opened the door, when she saw Charles brother’s fiancée Christa doing a pee dance in the dining room. She cleared her throat and Christa turned around. She motioned for her to join her in the kitchen. When she walked in, Christa was doing a pee dance and was moving around a lot.

“I’m sorry, this is soo embarrassing but I am dying to pee! I am literally at my breaking point!” Jenna laughed, “Oh, so was I about two minutes ago. But I found a way to pee if you’re not above putting manners aside.” Christa started bending down and hopping. “I am so over manners, I just need to empty my bladder!” Jenna had told her the plan and Christa was all for it. She jumped on the sink and had her hands glued to her crotch. Jenna had locked the door and was walking to the sink. “Oh God! Hurry, please hurry! It’s about to come out.” Christa was begging Jenna. So Jenna reached over the sink and counted down. The second the water turned on, Christa’s bladder gave out. She started peeing and it was like a torrent.

When she hopped down, they cleaned up the sink and Christa thanked Jenna a billion times. They went into the living room and had a good rest of the night.

*004*2011-01-05 01:20

{{:

A very interesting story indeed , the ending is really quite unexpected . I think you really have quite a talent for writing .

}}

Thank you very much :)

