The Editor - Page 4

Author: Garrus

*079*2016-04-01 18:52

Thanks for the continued support. I am working on the next chapter, it's probably about half done at this point. I'm glad people are enjoying the story. I am enjoying writing this story more than any of my previous ones, and I have no intention of letting it die. Worst case would be I'll be busy until university lets out in a couple of weeks, and then I'll have a lot more time to write. I hope everyone will continue to be considerate and supportive. Thanks!

*082*2016-04-15 02:45

{{: 

What if the whole time after the first chapter, we've just been reading Red's book, "Hero Reincarnate". XD

}}

Fufufufufu, Your words, not mine...

But seriously, I think it's safe to say that book is more along the lines of "thinly-veiled foreshadowing" than an actual plot device. Not that I can completely rule anything out before the end is actually written, but the current storyboard has no plans for any sort of 'it was all a dream' type ending.

{{: 

Well, not to be one of those fans who just guesses at the ending

}}

Lol, feel free to make guesses if you'd like. It's always interesting to see where other people would have taken the story.

{{: 

But even if that's the case, I'm more interested in seeing what our editor does with his power as he gets older. :3

}}

I too am looking forward to when Kyler is older. I think the chapter I'm working on right now may be the last chapter of his early childhood.

*086*2016-05-19 05:33

Hello, sorry for my long absence. I've been busy with various things, and although I have started working on a new story, I haven't forgotten this one. The next chapter is done. It's late for me, so I'll format it and upload sometime tomorrow.

I'm really excited for where this story is heading. I am enjoying writing it now, but I'm looking forward to what comes later even more. I hope you will continue to support me with your comments and questions. Thank you all very much.

*087*2016-05-19 16:12

Alive

Status Skills Name: Kyler Sol Language: 100/100 Title: The Editor, Son of the Phoenix Speaking: 100/100 Status: Over Limit Crawling: 100/100 Age: 3 Reading: 100/100 HP: 12/50 Walking: 100/100 MP: 1/1 Toilet Training: 100/100 STA: 0/43 Smooth Talking: 23/100 Vit: 1/25 Captain's Game: 16/100 End: 1/29 Strategy: 29/100 Str: 1/22 Dancing: 50/100 Def: 1/21 Res: 1/16 Dex: 1/36 Agi: 1/28 Cha: 1/44 Int: 1/50 Mag: 1

There was only Darkness. My strength was gone. My consciousness drifted away as my body collapsed. As someone who had actually died before, I could say it felt a lot like dying. Except this was much more painful.

As soon as I awoke, I immediately wished that I had not. Everything hurt. I was certain that my body was on fire, it was so hot, and it hurt so much. I tried to move, to scream. I tried to open my eyes, nothing happened. My body was not my own, there existed nothing in the world except my pain. "..." There was a voice, I was certain, but my ears could not hear the words, or perhaps my brain could not understand. Even so, the voice brought me comfort. A cold cloth was pressed against my forehead, quenching the fire that burned across my face. I would have cried if my body could do anything of the sort, the relief was amazing. I once again slipped into the sweet reprieve of sleep, or maybe death, it was hard to tell.

The pain was not as bad this time, but it still felt as though red hot irons were thrust into all of my joints, searing my body from the inside. I tried moving my hand, and it worked, or at least I thought it did. It was hard to tell without seeing it. I opened my eyes and groaned as the light stabbed daggers deep into my skull through my eyes. "...?" The voice? No, no. Just a voice. But I could almost make out what it was saying. "...Rowen. Tell him the boy's awake, somehow." Staying awake was far too painful, I tried to slip back into unconsciousness, but the relief would not come. There was no way to tell how much time had passed, but it felt like soon after that I heard a new voice.

"Miranda, why don't you see if you can get another compress for Kyler?" It was Duke Rowen, or at least it sounded like it. My vision still consisted of mostly colored blobs and pain. Once Mira left the room, Rowen spoke to who I assumed was a healer of some kind. I tried to focus on them so I could see their name on the stats screen, but maybe because I had a hard time focusing on anything other than the pain, I didn't see anything. "Well? Will he live?"

"He shouldn't even be alive now, with what his body went through. But he is improving, so it seems likely that he'll survive."

"Good, good." Duke Rowen's face swam before my eyes, his features hazy in my limited vision. "Can you hear me Kyler? You're going to be just fine, so just focus on getting better." I tried to speak, but my lips would not move and my tongue felt leaden in my mouth. Rowen was speaking softly to the healer now, I could barely make out what they were saying. "What do you think?"

"I don't even know where to begin. A child so young, even if he is taller than most, to sustain such wounds and still be alive is remarkable. The burns were hard enough to heal, but you saw the scars, it was like every muscle was strained to the point of tearing straight through the skin. The body can only take so much before shutting down, but this boy..."

"Yes it's quite remarkable, so I'm sure you'll understand when i say that you are not to breath a word of any of this to anyone." The Duke somehow managed to sound both threatening and jovial at the same time. "I've got it." Mira was back, and it sounded like the other two took that as a cue to continue their discussion elsewhere. I tried to look around, but I was too weak. I felt Mira press something cold against my forehead and my whole body unclenched as I drifted once again into unconsciousness. As I faded away I felt something warm on my cheek, and heard the voice speaking to me. "You have to get better, Okay? You have to."

When I was finally able to move and speak I learned that three days had passed since Lili and I were discovered collapsed in the middle of the road. Even now I could barely stay awake, and every movement sent daggers of pain shooting through my body, but at least I was alive. My stats were all reduced to around ten percent of their total values. It must have been the backlash from pushing my body too hard. If the recovery continued at this rate it would be at least a month before I was back to my normal levels. I tried manually increasing them, but I couldn't edit my stats at all.

For the moment I was less concerned about myself and my stats, but I wanted to know how Lili was doing. She was barely clinging to life when I passed out, but whenever I asked one of the healers about her they would just avoid the question. "She's alive." That's all I was told, and it wasn't comforting in the least. When I asked Duke Rowen about her he just said to focus on getting better for now, and that he was ensuring she was well taken care of. Miranda stayed with me almost constantly. I was glad for her presence, but I felt bad for being such poor company. I still struggled to talk, I tired easily and slept often, but still she stayed by my side.

A week had passed since the incident and I was still slowly regaining my strength. I spent most of my time in bed, talking to Mira. Occasionally I would pass out in the middle of a conversation. One time I lost consciousness in the middle of my sentence, and when I awoke more than an hour later, I finished my thought, without even noticing the gap. Miranda had laughed a lot at that one, and I had to admit, it was pretty funny. I was finally able to walk around a little, but with my greatly reduced stamina I couldn't go very far.

Just getting out of bed required most of my energy, even with MIra's help, but I tried to at least move my body everyday, to minimize the atrophy that would surely happen with extended sedentation. As per the recommendation of the healer, I weaned myself off the sleeping medicine I had been using to control the pain at night. It was only then I realized the true extent of the damage I had recieved. I was plagued by nightmares nearly every night. Fire would tear through my mind, and more often than not I would wake up gasping for breath, sweating heavily.

I saw Lili standing before me, just out of my reach. I tried to run to her, to hug her, just to confirm she was alright. I tried, but I couldn't move. I could only stare in horror as fire swirled around us, creeping closer to where Lili was standing. Her eyes were closed, she looked peaceful, almost like she was asleep. I screamed her name, but no sound came out. I tried to get her attention, to tell her to run away, but she stood there silently until the fire engulfed her. A terrible scream tore through the silence. She was wrapped in an inferno as her clothes were burned away and her skin turned black. The fire continued to rage until I could no longer see anything of my mother. I screamed and struggled against my helplessness, but I couldn't move. I couldn't breath. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest as I watched the fire creep closer to me. I could feel the searing pain as the fire scorched my skin.

The last thing I saw was a horrible black hand, charred from the fire, reaching towards me. The bed was damp with sweat when I woke up. The dreams were getting worse. The felt real, which may not be unusual for dreams, but it still took several minutes for me to get my breathing under control as I tried not to hyperventilate. As I finally calmed down, I took a look around the room. Faint moonlight shone through the window into the otherwise dark room. I was still mostly confined to bed since the accident and I was still staying in the same boring room. Two weeks had passed, and I was starting to feel almost normal, at least when I wasn't asleep. My stats were back to about half of their original values, and were increasing every day. I finally noticed what was different about the room. Miranda. She had been my only source of conversation and companionship these past couple weeks, and probably the only thing keeping me sane in the process.

The chair next to the bed where Mira always sat was empty, which was not surprising for the middle of the night, but what was surprising was where I found her. 'Found' might not be the right word. It was more like I stopped being totally oblivious. She was laying next to me in the bed. It wasn't a small bed, probably close to a king size mattress, or should it be 'duke' sized? Certainly the bed was large enough for two kids to share comfortably. Especially with Mira sleeping so close to me.

She was laying on her side, facing me, with one arm near the crown of my head. It seemed likely that she had been trying to soothe me while I was sleeping, she knew that I was having nightmares, although I hadn't told her their contents. She had probably decided to watch over me after I fell asleep, before falling asleep herself. She wasn't even wearing pajamas. She was still wearing the blue dress she had on the day before. I wasn't quite sure if this world had developed the clothes iron yet, but that dress would surely be wrinkled in the morning.

"Hey, wake up." I gently poked her cheek. "You should go sleep in your own bed." With a groan, and while still sleeping, Mira rolled over so she was now facing away from me. The back of her dress was a darker blue than the rest of it, and I started to wonder if the bed was damp from more than just sweat. Sliding my hand along the bed, I was quickly met with a wet patch, emanating from Mira. She had wet the bed. "Hey." I shook her shoulder, but she still didn't wake up. I wasn't particularly invested in waking her up, and likely causing a big commotion in the middle of the night. "At least come sleep on this side, out of the wet spot."

I rolled the sleeping girl closer to me. The bed was big enough for us to both sleep on the dry half fairly comfortably. Looking at her status, I saw that her bladder was a bit less than half full. Quite full for having recently wet the bed, but not so full that she was likely to have another accident tonight. Mira was still wearing her wet clothes, but there wasn't really anything that I could do about it. I was still weak and exhausted, so I easily fell back asleep as I felt Mira clinging to me in her sleep. There were no more nightmares that night.

"No, no, no." I heard frantic muttering as I awoke. It was Mira, when I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes she quickly hid the dress she had been examining behind her back. "Oh, uh, good morning Kyler." She was desperately trying to act like nothing was wrong, but she must have been panicking about her accident last night. "'Morning. What are you doing?"

"Wh-what do you mean? I'm just here to keep you company like always, aren't I considerate?" She was so cute all flustered like this, so I couldn't help but poke fun. "Well what are you wearing exactly?" She had stripped off her wet dress, so she was left standing in her underclothes. The dressing gown like garment was hardly less modest than the dress that had covered it. I could see a faint yellow stain between her legs, and along the outer edge. Whether it was a result of her accident last night, or a prior incident I couldn't know. "Ah!" Mira blushed bright red and held her dress up in front of herself, before obviously remembering why she was hiding it. She spun around, revealing her stained, and still damp, butt to me. "Close your eyes, close your eyes!" She waved her arm frantically at me, but refused to turn around to face me. "Sorry, sorry." I averted my eyes. "I'm not looking."

"You better not be..." There was silence as Mira pouted. I could hear the sound of rustling cloth, it seemed Mira was getting changed. I assumed she had a spare change of clothes, as I doubted she would willingly put her soiled clothes back on again. After the sound stopped I opened my eyes and looked around. I was too slow to stop the pillow that was flying towards my face. "Ow" I was knocked back flat on the bed, laughing once the shock wore off. "I'm injured remember? Be gentle. Handle with care."

"Idiot." Miranda was wearing trousers now, but no matter how I looked at it they could only be sleepwear. She must have fallen asleep before changing last night. Well at least she had something to wear now. Mira was fidgeting back and forth while stealing glances at me. It looked like she was going to say something, but as soon as she opened her mouth the door to the room swung open, revealing one of maids that had been caring for me. "Good morning Kyler. How are you feeling this morning?" Chelly would bring me my meals, and whatever else I might need. The overly cheerful woman was probably in her early thirties. She had short brown hair and was remarkably well endowed. "Oh hello Miranda, you're here early." I was surprised the first time I heard Chelly call Mira by her first name, but I later learned that Chelly had been Miranda's wet nurse, and had been with the girl practically since birth.

"I...I...I've got to go!" Mira ran out the door, still blushing red. "Oh dear, I hope I wasn't interrupting." Chelly was laughing, I hoped there wasn't some strange misunderstanding. "There'll be plenty of time for that when you're older, and I'll try not to send any more girls running from your bed." With a barking laugh following her inappropriate joke, she scooped me up in her arms like I weighed nothing. "I thought you might like a bath this morning Kyler." The bath in the castle was wonderful. Located in the lower level, the cold dark stone leading to the bath made it feel more like a dungeon than anything else.

Chelly and I made the long trek down there while she chatted away happily. It felt a bit strange to be carried, but I was certainly not going to complain, not when my ride was so wonderfully cushioned. "Oh don't worry about Miranda, she's always been a bit fussy. Even as a baby, after her mother... well, that girl just wants to be spoiled. If you treat her right, you won't find a more loving girl." When we finally arrived at the bath, I tried to convince Chelly that I could bathe myself, but she wasn't having it. "You're a lord, you don't need to do anything that can be done for you." Even if I was benefiting from my father's position, I didn't feel particularly 'lord-like', but I still wasn't going to complain. It definitely wasn't a reverse Florence Nightingale effect or anything like that.

Once we were back in the bedroom I noticed the sheets had been changed. I thought about saying something, but, assuming whoever cleaned the room had found the stained dress Mira had left behind, I was sure they figured the situation out. These castle servants would surely be discreet when handling such matters. The day was still young, but with all the activity I was already exhausted. I was glad to be back in bed. I had grown weak from spending so long bedridden. Looking at my stats, I appeared to be about seventy-five percent recovered after three weeks. Soon I would return to normal, or whatever passed for normal now. </font>

Once again, I'm sorry for how long this chapter took, especially considering there was somewhat of a cliffhanger last time. It may be a bit short, but a least there's a little omo content this time, right? I hope you enjoyed it. I'm already working on the next chapter, and hopefully it won't take half as long as this one.

As it turns out, formatting is a bit of a pain with the updated site. So in the future I'll likely just use the default font, and not bother with the rest of it. Makes my job a bit easier I suppose, but it won't look as nice.

*095*2016-07-07 05:31

{{On 6/18/2016 at 7:08 PM, Havetogo said:

This is very possibly the best story on this website

}}

I would probably disagree, but thank you for your kind words.

The next chapter is nearly finished. It's almost 4000 words already, so I might split it into two chapters, but if I do that there won't be any omorashi in the first chapter. Either way, I'll hopefully post something in the next couple days.

*098*2016-07-11 00:02

Aaaand we're back. It took much longer than it should have to deliver, but I hope you enjoy nonetheless. There is little omorashi in this chapter, but I suppose if you're interested in the plot you might enjoy it. I hope so. I feel like there hasn't been a lot of omorashi in the story as a whole, but as long as people are still reading, I'll keep writing. Please, let me know what you think, and I hope you enjoy.

Broken

I was back. Back to full health; my stats had finally recovered fully, and, excluding the occasional nightmare, I was feeling like my old self again. Well maybe not my 'old' self, but back to normal anyway. I got started back on my fitness plan right away, trying to undo whatever atrophy may have occurred due to the extended time I was more or less incapacitated. I woke up early, before the sunrise I think. There was no window in my interior room, but I would always wake to the sounds of the castle coming alive, servants rushing back and forth, preparing for the day to come.

Once I had fully recovered I had asked if I could move to a more fitting room. Even though the duke assured me I could stay in the same room I had been recuperating in, I politely declined. That room felt far too luxurious for me with its ornate furniture and decorations, not to mention the size was about the size of my old house. Regardless of how respected my father was, I didn't feel like being treated like royalty simply because of my last name. Instead, I selected a simple room in the servant's quarters.

Every morning I would wake up, stretch, and begin my day with as many push-ups and sit-ups as I could manage. So far 'every morning' only meant the past two days, but I had to start somewhere. As I was straining to do a couple more push-ups I heard the door behind me push open slowly.

"Ah!" The feminine voice sounded surprised. "Please forgive me, I thought you were asleep. I came to wake you, but I should have knocked. I apologize."

I stood up and brushed myself off. When I turned around I saw the figure of a girl bowing her head. I squinted my eyes against the light emanating from the lamp the girl was holding. I had not bothered to light the lamp next to my bed when I had awoken, and that may have been why the girl thought I was still asleep. She was one of the castle's maids. I had made an effort to remember all the names that I could, but I couldn't place this woman, so I cheated and snuck a peek at her stats.

"Don't worry about it, Sera." Sera looked up in surprise, obviously not expecting me to know her name. "I was sitting in the dark after all. Now did you need me for something?" This was the first time someone had been sent to wake me.

"Ah, right...The duke asked that you join him for breakfast. And so, I was sent to help you prepare this morning." Sera seemed unsure of herself, perhaps unsure of how deferential she should be to a boy less than half her age.

"Well thank you for informing me, but I am more than capable of getting ready myself. I know I've told Chelly that often enough by now."

"But...The duke was very clear. He said I should wake you up, give you a bath, and see that you're dressed appropriately for breakfast." I should have expected it, given my current age, but I had grown tired of being cared for constantly after the incident. It seemed like Sera was still inexperienced, so she was unlikely to be quick to deviate from her orders, but I just had to give her some new orders.

"I will bathe myself, but in the meantime, I would like you to find suitable clothes for me to wear. Can I count on you for that Sera?" I tried speaking in a commanding tone, to moderate success, given my age and voice.

"O-of course M'lord. I will do my best!" With that, Sera ran out of the room, leaving me in the darkness once again. At least she seemed eager enough.

"Rowen's never called me out like this, I wonder what's going on." I thought out loud as I made my way down to the bath. I was never able to guess what Duke Rowen was thinking, so I would simply have to wait until breakfast.

###

"Kyler my boy! Come. Eat with me." The duke greeted me with his usual cheerful persona, and gestured to the empty seat across from him. I took my seat and examined the food on the table. A vast array of fruits and meats were artistically spread along the table between us. The food looked delicious, but there was far too much for just the two of us. There was no one else in sight, which was highly unusual. Breakfast in the castle was usually a rowdy affair, with nobles and servants coming and going, but now everything felt quiet, empty almost.

"What's the matter son? Eat. The food is delicious."

"Yes, of course." I helped myself to some fruit, but I still felt like something was amiss, and I was waiting for Rowen to tell me why he had called me here this morning.

Breakfast continued in silence for a few minutes, until finally I felt Rowen's gaze on me. I finished eating and looked up at him.

"Kyler, I have something to tell you." His voice was low, and lacking his usual energy. Looking into his dark eyes I could see the reflection of the light from the lamp on the wall behind me. "It's about your mother, Lili."

I felt my blood run cold as a pit formed in my stomach. My mind immediately jumped to the worst possible conclusion. She was dead. That had to be it, otherwise I would have seen her already. Shame washed over me, guilt. I had been out of bed for days now, and I hadn't once asked to see my mother since shortly after I regained consciousness. I wasn't even sure when the last time I thought about Lili was. I had been too busy worrying about myself to spare a thought for my own mother.

Before my thoughts could continue to run wild, Duke Rowen continued to speak.

"I considered long and hard whether or not I should be the one to tell you this, but even if the messengers have reached your father already, it will be more than a month before he can return here. Therefore, even if you are young, I believe you should know the situation." He took a deep breath and sighed before continuing. I had stopped breathing long ago. "Your mother is still very sick." I took a short gasping breath. Sick did not mean dead. "I summoned the best healers to treat you and your mother, and obviously you have recovered miraculously, but your mother...she hasn't changed since then."

"What's wrong with her?" My voice was choked. I hadn't noticed that I was crying, but I didn't bother to wipe away my tears now.

"Well, it's like she's asleep, but she won't wake up. The healers I spoke to said that it is a rare condition, but the cause is unknown. Sometimes these people wake up after a short while; otherwise..."

He didn't finish his thought; he didn't have to. She may never wake up. I looked at the ground and watched my tears fall. Over and over in my mind I was reliving what had happened, trying to think of anything I could have done differently. There was nothing.

"What's important now is that we stay positive my boy. There doesn't seem to be anything physically wrong with her, and we can sustain her with magic as long as is necessary. But I'm sure she'll wake up any day now."

I wasn't an expert on comas, but I was pretty sure they were evidence of a serious problem. There was one possibility that my mind seized immediately. My ability. Editing. I had already shown that I could edit physical properties; so why not symptoms or diseases?

"Can I see her?" Even if it was a long shot, I had to try. The duke did not seem overly surprised by my request, but he still took some time to think before responding.

"Of course you can. Just, try to remember that she is still very sick. Even if it looks like she is just sleeping, we want to avoid doing anything to make her worse."

I scarcely heard anything that was said on the way up to the room where Lili lay. Once we arrived I stepped inside the door that was held open for me.

There she was. If I didn't know any better I would have thought she was simply asleep. She looked so peaceful. I had been afraid that her body would be burned and disfigured from the fire, but she looked perfect. No burns, not even a scratch. Just sleeping. I tried to call out to her twice before I finally found my voice.

"Mother...? Mom?" I walked up beside her bed. She looked like she might wake up any minute. I touched her hand. It was warm. Now was my chance. Looking at her stats, I willed her to wake up. There wasn't any response. There was no [coma] status, or any indication she was sick. I tried everything I could think of but there was no response. I could feel tears welling up in my eyes once more. I had failed. I was so sure that my skill would somehow save the day, but now that I was faced with failure I didn't know what to do. Finally I tried just increasing all of her stats, thinking that might somehow make her strong enough to wake up on her own. Nothing happened; or rather, nothing changed. Her stats weren't changed at all.

I was confused. Some part of me always knew that my ability might not be enough to save Lili, but I had been completely unable to change someone's stats before. Quickly, I brought up my own stats and tried adjusting them. Nothing. Increasing, decreasing, it didn't matter. The numbers refused to change. I felt a hollow emptiness forming in my stomach. Since coming to this world, my ability is the only constant that I had felt I could always rely on, and now even that was gone. I could still view the stats of whatever I wanted, but I couldn't change anything, and somehow that felt even worse than not seeing the stats at all.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry Mom. I'm not strong enough to help you." I whispered to Lili as I rested my forehead on her wrist.

"Things may seem bad now my boy, but I promise, they will get better. You will stay here, in the castle. You'll be close to your mother, until she wakes up. You can play with my daughter all you like. And before you know it you'll be old enough to begin training. I'm sure you'll be a great warrior like your father, or perhaps a wonderful mage like your mother. You'll have the best teachers and trainers available. Everything will be fine, just you wait."

I mostly ignored Rowen's attempts to comfort me. Instead I whispered my promise to my mother.

"I'll get stronger mom. I promise. Strong enough to save you. Strong enough that nothing can hurt my family anymore."

###

I felt numb for the next few days. Powerless to help, I devoted nearly all my time to training. If I couldn't raise my stats with my ability, I'd just have to do it the old fashion way. I had hoped that my ability would quickly return, that maybe my mind somehow still had to recover even after my body was healed, but there was no change. The only thing I could imagine is that something about how I pushed my body passed its limits somehow caused me to lose my ability. The fact that I could still pull up stat screens gave me hope that I had just overexerted myself somehow, but for the time being, I was powerless, something I was set on changing soon enough.

"Kyler?" It was Miranda. She had come to see me everyday since I found out about Lily, apparently Mira learned of my mother's condition the same day as me. She always had words of comfort or encouragement, but they didn't help. No matter how many times this girl told be that everything would be okay, it wouldn't bring my mother back. No. I had to get stronger. I didn't slow my pace to talk to Mira, I barely even looked at her. I had left the castle and was on my way to the top of the wall that encircled the city.

"Kyler, please wait." I had figured that Miranda would give up and return the castle before long, but she was persistent. "Please, just listen to m-" I didn't let her finish.

"What! What do you have to say that hasn't been said a thousand times before?" Even as the words left my mouth I knew I was just projecting my own pain and anger onto Miranda. It wasn't fair to her, but I couldn't stop myself; the words just came pouring out. "Are you going to tell me how 'It's not my fault,' or that 'Everything will be okay?' Because, from where I'm standing, everything seems pretty far from okay! My father is gone, and my mother could die anytime. I don't need to be lectured by someone like you who has no idea what I'm going through. What I need now is to get stronger, stronger than anyone."

I took off running. I couldn't bare to let Miranda see the tears in my eyes; I didn't want to see her sympathetic look. I heard her call my name, and briefly start running after me, but her footsteps soon faded behind me. I felt bad for yelling at her. As I ran I was able to forget, at least for a while, all the troubles and all the pain. I was free.

My running took me around the entire circumference of the city. I was not able to run particularly fast nor far, so I would occasionally slow to a walk to catch my breath. I would receive a few strange looks from the guards posted along the wall, but by now most of them either recognized me, or knew well enough to not try and stop me. It took more than an hour for me to circle back around to where I started. The distance was probably around 5 miles if I had to guess. My goal was to be able to run the entire way, in less than an hour, maybe less than half an hour eventually.

When I was finally nearing the place where I had started the sun had started to set in the sky. I thought I saw a tall figure shrouded in shadow standing by the door to the stairs I had come up, but as I continued to doggedly run forward, the figure seemed to dissolve. It was surely a trick of the light, or of my tired mind. Shadowy figures notwithstanding, I did see someone I was not expecting waiting for me at my destination.

Miranda was sitting there against the wall. Hugging her knees and resting her head forward, she appeared to be asleep. I couldn't help but smile and shake my head. No doubt she had been waiting for me all this time. At that moment, there was no doubt in my mind that I did not deserve this girl as a friend. I slid down the wall next to her and sat with our shoulders touching.

"I'm sorry." I spoke softly, and half expected the seemingly sleeping girl to not hear my words; which made it easier to speak my true feelings. "I'm sorry for yelling, and running away. I know you're trying to help me, even if I don't deserve..."

"You're wrong." Miranda moved her head, and rested it on my shoulder. "You're really smart Kyler, and you always act all mature, but you're still wrong." She was staring straight ahead, out towards the city, but I couldn't tear my eyes from her face as she spoke. "I want to help, you don't have to deserve it, or earn it. And things will get better; trust me, I know." Miranda was speaking very softly now, but I could still hear everything clearly as it felt like the whole world grew silent to listen to her words. "I...I killed my mom. She died giving birth to me; my father told me." I could feel the shame and sadness envelop me. This girl was so much stronger than I was. "For a long time I didn't want to believe it. I thought maybe if I ignored the truth, somehow it wouldn't be true."

"Mira..." Emotion constricted my throat and cut off my words.

"It's funny isn't it." She looked up at me with tears in her eyes. "I guess I thought that I could make you feel better, but all I've done is make you feel even worse.

"Mira." I pulled her into a tight hug as tears fell freely from my eyes. "You didn't kill your mother, there's no way that was your fault."

"Hey, I'm the one who's supposed to be comforting you, it's no fair if you turn it around." Miranda wiped the tears from her eyes and smiled up at me.

I just hugged her tighter, my heart feeling lighter than it had for what felt like ages.

"You've helped me more than you know. Thank you."

"For a long time I felt all alone." Mira rested her head in my lap and watched the sun set. "There weren't really any other noble kids my age, and I couldn't play with any of the commoners. But then you showed up and...I..." She sounded more scared and insecure now than when she was talking about her mother. I placed my hand on her head and tried to comfort her.

"I'm not going anywhere, so don't worry."

"...promise?"

"I promise."

We sat like that for a long time, until the sun had disappeared beneath the horizon. Finally, reluctantly, I stood up and stretched my cramped body. I had forgotten to stretch after my run, so my muscles felt tight.

"C'mon, it's getting late. We should head back." I offered my hand to help Mira up, but instead she simply flopped on her back and stretched both arms up at me.

"I'm too tired to walk back. Carry meee. Please?"

"Haaa...Come on then." With a (mostly) faked sigh of exasperation, I crouched down and let Miranda wrap her arms around my neck and climb on my back. I stood up and supported her legs with my arms as we began the trek back to the castle. We both knew she was acting like a spoiled brat, but I felt like spoiling her, at least for tonight.

===

The next morning I woke up feeling more refreshed and focused than I had felt in a long time. Which was surprising, considering by the time I had carried Miranda all the way back to her room and convinced her to change out of her nice dress before going to sleep, it had been quite late when I finally got to bed.

As I was getting ready to start my day with my ritual of stretching and exercising, I noticed what seemed to be an undue amount of commotion going on outside of my room. It did feel like I had woken up earlier than usual, likely due to the large number of people moving and talking outside. After listening to the conversations taking place between maids and other servants I was able to parse together a general idea of what was going on.

Miranda wet the bed. That seemed to be the gist of it. Although that, in and of itself, would not have inspired such a strong reaction from the castle staff so early in the morning. Instead, the impetus for the excitement I could feel throughout the castle as I made my way from my room towards Mira's bedroom seemed to be the manner in which she had wet the bed, and the significance which it held.

"...I heard everything was soaked, from the bed to the curtains."

"The Duke already called for a feast to be prepared for this evening."

I ran into more and more people as I neared Mira's room. Even when I tried to greet everyone appropriately I mostly received knowing smiles from other nobles, and hurried bows from servants. Everyone appeared to have something to do or somewhere to be.

When I finally reached Mira's room, the first thin I noticed was a door, Mira's door, that was propped up against the wall next to the door way. Removed, or apparently blown from, its hinges, the wooden door was significantly darker on one side and was dripping water onto the floor. Stepping inside the room, I was greeted with similar sights, as everything in the room but the people seemed to be completely soaked with water.

I already had my suspicions as to the source of the water, but I was quickly able to confirm it with Miranda and Duke Rowen, both of whom where already in the room.

It was magic. Miranda's magic had finally awakened. Apparently, an uncontrolled burst of power like what Miranda had experienced was not uncommon for children when they first develop their magical abilities, although the ferocity with which Miranda had seemingly exploded was something of an outlier. Rowen repeatedly praised the "Latent power" which Mira had displayed, and seemed confident that it was a sign of a great future as a powerful magician.

Miranda herself seemed to be torn between being proud of her new found magic, and embarrassed of all the attention she was receiving because of it. I tried comforting her by saying: "At least it wasn't fire," which elicited a laugh from Mira, although Duke Rowen didn't seem terribly amused, it wasn't a terribly funny joke anyway. As I later learned, fire was considered the strongest element, and mages who had an affinity for fire were well sought after. Water was also valued for its power and reliability, while viewed as inferior to fire. I had assumed that water would be suppress fire in magic just the same as in life, but I had yet to really see or study magic, so I was still unclear on the matter. Earth magic was mostly used in construction and was widely ignored for magicians and other offensive minded mages. Wind magic was limited to communications and limited use in farming and agriculture. All other, less common forms of magic were evaluated on a case by case basis as necessary.

I still knew very little about magic, but, having seen Miranda's awakening, I could hardly wait for my own turn. Mira was not all that much older than me, so it could not be terribly long before I would be able to use magic as well. In the meantime, I would continue doing what I had already been doing: Getting stronger.
