Desperation, Wetting and Love: Episode 2

Author: Lilcutekat11

*000*2014-07-13 11:03

Hey guys! It's Kat here! I recently write a fiction story and a lot of people REALLY liked it! So I have decided to make it a series! Enjoy!

My name is Hannah. I am a year 9 high schooler. I am a really pretty, but shy person. I have bladder problems, so I can't hold onto my pee for a long time. Two days ago I wet myself during history class. Even though the situation was at it's worst, the result was awesome. Jack is one if my two best friends. We have been friends since fifth grade back in primary, and since then, I have had a crush in him. Jack admitted his strong love for me when I wet myself. He thought it was pretty hot. We really love each other and now he is my boyfriend. My best friend Ellie knew that Jack liked me since I started high school. She also knew that I really liked him too. It's still unbelievable the fact that Ellie didn't spill the beans about our feelings!

We were in Gym Class. Our class is currently learning the skills of basketball. I would say it is a lot of fun, coming from a thin girl that likes sport, but most girls don't like it at all. Our gym teacher split us up into two teams. I was in Jack's team and Ellie was in the other team. The whistle blew and the game started. The opposition claimed the ball by a tall boy I think Ellie likes. He dribbles the ball about five meters away from the centre. He passes to a girl and she dribbles the ball, heading for the hoops. My turn to shine. I sped up to her and stole the ball while she was dribbling it. I heard a few cheers from my team. I bounced the ball all the way back to the centre and passed it to a boy. He passed it to Jack and he shot a three-point goal. We all high fived each other.

I looked at Jack and blushed. "Your really good at sport." I said. He smiled. "Your outstanding for a pretty girl your size!" He exclaimed. I blushed again. He put his hand on my shoulder. We looked each other in the eye. He had such beautiful eyes. Crystal blue. I had emerald green eyes. We smiled and went back to playing the game.

"Ugh I hate sport." Said Ellie. We were in the hallway, walking to get our lunch to eat. Jack and I laughed. "Maybe you need to cut off a few donuts or two a day!" I joked. Ellie snorted. "Just because I have a better taste in food than you, doesn't mean you have to make fun of me about it." Said Ellie. Jack laughed. "Alright my locker's over here. Meet you at the bench!" He said. I smiled at him before Ellie and I walked over to our lockers. Ellie smiled. "Your such a cute couple!" She exclaimed. I blushed. "I really like Jack. He is so nice." I say. Jack is so loyal and kind to me. "Hehe I can see that." Ellie replied. We grabbed our lunches and went to meet Jack at the bench.

The day had been so tiring. Math class was quite difficult. We we learning about algebra and boring stuff like that. Then at the end if the day we had art class and someone spilt paint all over the art room carpet. I had to admit. It was hilarious! So now I am sitting on my bed. Mum heaped gone out with some friends for the day and won't be back until late. I was wearing a cute baggy top and some leggings. Chill-out clothes. I needed to pee a little. But nothing much. It didn't really bother me. I heard a knock on my door. "Coming!" I yelled. I opened the door. "Hey Jack!" I said. "H-hey, can I drop by for a little?" He asked. I smiled. "Of course! Come in. Mum's not home. Even so, she wouldn't mind at all. He smiled. "Thanks." We walked into my bedroom and I sat in my bed.

"You look really nice Hannah!" Jack exclaimed. He touched my stomach. I put my hand on top of his. His hand was warm. I liked it. "Your so cute Hannah." He said as he sat down beside me. He touched my face and kissed my lips.His tongue entered my mouth and he licked the inside if my mouth. I moaned. Jack knew how to make a girl happy. My urge to pee was becoming stronger as Jack turned me on. He took his lips away from mine and started biting my neck. It caught me off guard and I squirted out a little bit of pee. I used my thighs to put pressure on my crotch. He put his hand on my chest. "Hannah, your excited, aren't you? Your heart's beating fast." He whispered. He moved his had down onto my breast. He massaged it. I moaned. "Jack..." I moaned. It felt so nice.

He moved his hand down to my crotch. He rubbed it. I leaked a little. Jack looked up at me. "You need to go, don't you?" He whispered with naughtiness in his voice. I never knew Jack had a side like this. I kinda liked it. I nodded slowly. He pressed on my crotch where my wet patch was. I gasped. "Jack...! I-I'm gonna..." I said. He smiled. He stood me up, still with his hand in my crotch. "I want you too lose it. While my hand is there." He whispered. He started massaging my crotch. I gasped. I couldn't hold it any longer. I started bouncing a little. Jack kissed me again and caught me off-guard. The wet patch now was visible through my leggings.

"Let go Hannah. You know I love it." He said. I blushed. He tickled my crotch and I lost it all. Hot pee rushed down my legs and onto the floorboards. He massaged my crotch quickly and very energetically. "Yeah...." He moaned. He had a bulge in the crotch of his jeans. Was he really...? After a while my flow stopped. He moaned. A wet patch started to grow in his jeans. I blushed. "Jack is that pee or....?" I said. He blushed. "Both." He said. He started to wet himself. It got onto me. It was so warm. I put my hand on his bulge. I was feeling really hot right now. His mixture off pee and white syrup covered the floor and my hands. It felt so nice. Eventually it stopped. "That was so hot babe." He said. I kissed him. It was so nice. I never felt this good in my life. I was full of adrenalin and loved it. Our lips parted. "I love you Jack...." I whispered. He smiled. "I love you too."

So I hope you liked my second episode! Please leave feedback on what I should do in the next episode. Thanks for all the support guys. It means a lot to me!

Seeya!

Kat :3

*004*2014-07-15 11:04

Thanks guys for the feedback. I really appreciate your opinion. I wanted to try something new with the 'syrup' part but it obviously didn't appeal to most readers. Thanks for the support and feedback. This will be a series. Thanks guys!

Kat :3

*007*2014-07-26 07:44

{{: 

(Just for future reference, try to keep stories of the same series in the same thread, it makes it easier to find individual parts, and doesn't clutter the story forum.)

}}

I'm sorry, I would, but I'm not sure how to. I'm quite new here so I'm a little unsure Bout all the technical stuff! #^^#

