The Sphere - Page 8

Author: SashaButters

*175*2016-02-02 05:27

If Becca played Fallout

$$

*177*2016-02-08 16:43

Sorry to confuse anyone by posting this. This is a re-writing of the scene where Becca first gets her implants put in. I entered it in a contest.

18-year-old Becca Strokes skimmed through her list of available games, but none seemed all that interesting to her at the moment, so she picked a Jurassic Safari without a second thought. She just wanted to get this procedure over with. Her long black hair fell into her face, but she didn’t care. Such a minor nuisance was the least of her concerns. Her knees bounced with nervous anxiety ever since she had watched the video of what they planned to do to her. The sight of the needles about to be thrust into the back of her skull made her glad she skipped breakfast.

“Are they really going to shave my head?” She asked. She fingered her long locks in between her fingers while she looked to the person seated to her left.

“Yes, of course.” Her father said. “How else are they going to get those implants in?” His smirk appeared suspicious. She narrowed her eyes. She could hear her mother chuckle in the seat next to his. How could she have been so gullible? After all these years, and yet, she still fell for it every time. If her mother weren’t here she’d give him the bird. To her mom, it was rude and juvenile; to Becca and her father, it was just another way to say, “I love you.”

It had happened so fast. One minute she was seated in the lobby, and the next, she was strapped to the table. She wasn’t ready! The man who would perform the procedure had explained it all while they had walked through the hallway, but in no time at all, it was over. All that had stuck in her head was that his name was Tom. The only thing clearer than her nerves was his excitement.

“Do you have a sense of humor?” Tom asked. Becca wasn’t quite sure what brought this on. What about this situation could she find humor in? She was about to go in for surgery!

“Yes.”

He appeared pleased with her answer, but still hesitant. “What kind of things do you find funny?”

She had to stop and think about it for a moment. Her brain didn’t always co-operate when she was nervous.

“Probably anything that would make a 12-year-old boy laugh.”

His smile stretched across his whole face. His freckles and perfect smile made him her type, which meant there was a good chance he was gay; it just always seemed to work out that way for her. Whenever she fancied a boy; she’d find out he was gay.

“Would you like to be a beta tester for a patch I made? It’s un-official, but it would really mean a lot to me.”

How could she say no to that smile?

“Sure.”

His excitement was so contagious; she couldn’t help but smile as well. His fingers danced across the keyboard with a clack clack clack of the keys as he entered in commands. His warm, brown eyes shone with a mischievous glint to them.

“Will it hurt?” Becca asked.

“Since you’ll be in virtual reality, you won’t feel any pain. Your limbs will tingle, and then your senses will kick in. Your avatar will have all the senses you do. Trust me, once you experience a full immersion dive; you’ll never go back to a partial.”

“What about when I wake up?”

“We’ll be ready with some painkillers and a bag of ice.” He said. “Just think of how much fun you’ll have now though! Trust me, it’s worth it!”

###

Becca’s avatar, Sasha, found herself propped up against a tree when she came to. She always felt a tad bit disoriented when she first woke up, so she waited a minute until she remembered where she was before she stood up. She looked around in every direction, but the thick vegetation made visibility difficult. With no trail in sight, she knew she’d have to make one. What she really needed was a machete. When Sasha raised her arm to push past some branches, a large object began to materialize in her hand. She stood in awe as she stared at her hand that now held the large sword.

She gripped her weapon as a smile spread across her face. It must have been what Tom had done. She gave it a once over before she began to slice through the branches. After a few minutes of nothing but more branches and the occasional spider web, she was surprised to come across an area that had been demolished. Large craters of upturned earth left a trail of broken trees. Sasha bent down to get a closer look as she took in the strange pattern. It dawned on her that these weren’t craters at all, but footprints. There was one dinosaur she knew of capable of leaving this kind of destruction in its wake. A T-Rex.

Sasha followed along the formed trail of now snapped and broken trees that appeared as if a bulldozer had pushed them aside with little effort, until she stumbled upon the second thing that had been modded. The smallest and most adorable looking silver tabby kitten sat in the middle of one of the impressions the T-rex had left behind.

She knelt down nearby and offered her hand to it. “Come here little kitten, can I pet you?” She asked. It hadn’t even cliqued that a cat shouldn’t have been in this pre-historic simulator to begin with.

The kitten looked up and locked its large blue eyes on Sasha. She could feel her heart melt at the sight. “F-ck off.” The kitten said before it turned around and left. It took her a full minute to regain her composure after that.

As Sasha walked along, she noticed many things that were different.. The body of a chipmunk scurried by on the hairy legs of a giant tarantula and when Sasha looked up, she frowned when she saw pegisi with snouts of pigs as it soared through the clouds. She had to hand it to Tom; he had quite the imagination. For a pre-historic simulator though, there wasn’t much in the way of dinosaurs she realized. What she wanted to see were raptors.

Sasha froze mid step when she heard the leaves rustle to her right in the area that had survived the T-rex’s stampede. When a raptor appeared, she dashed behind a fallen tree and tried to suppress her giggles. It wore a top hat, monocle and sported a handlebar mustache. What had sent Sasha over the edge though, was when it zapped a nearby tree with a laser that shot from its eyes. A frickin raptor with lasers for eyes. It was everything Sasha could ever have hoped for and then some… until she saw what happened to the tree. She had expected it to explode… instead it turned into the shape of a giant mustache, flapped its ends, and flew off into the sunset. Sasha began to wonder if illegal drugs were part of Tom’s daily regimen.

When the raptor began to approach the tree Sasha hid behind, she knew it was time to run. She threw herself out of the way just as her shield began to morph. Sasha craned her neck as she ran and saw cocoons that sprouted from the limbs of the branches. Just as soon as they appeared they began to burst open as cats with butterfly wings emerged. They spread their beautiful multi- colored wings and soared into the sky. All except for one large orange cat that was too fat. It hovered a few feet off the ground, struggling under the weight of it’s own body.

Sasha couldn’t help but stop to laugh; it was a pitiful sight to behold. The behemoth 40lb cat seemed to sense she was laughing at it. It opened its mouth and let out an ear-piercing screech that forced her to cover her ears. She felt dizzy all of a sudden. Sasha stumbled forward as she tried to get a hold of her bearings. It was as if the cat had messed with her equilibrium. She felt off balance, as the area around her seemed to sway. An electrical current ran through her limbs. Was this the procedures doing or the cat? She reached out for something to grope and grabbed a tree branch to steady herself. A woman’s sudden screech caught her off guard.

“HOW RUDE!” The tree said. It used one branch to cover its trunk and another to slap Sasha across the face. Sasha stood there dumbfounded and let go.

“S-sorry.” She stuttered out. She massaged her sore face surprised that she could feel the branches impact against her skin. They must have placed the implants already.

The tree let out a, “humph,” as Sasha continued on her way. She was glad to be rid of the raptor, the flying, fat bat cat, and the overly self-conscious tree. The deeper into the woods she went, the more bizarre things were. One bush grew palm sized frozen turkey’s, while one tree sprouted feminine hygiene products.

Sasha stopped to rest under an apple tree. Her feet were killing her. She wasn’t used to feeling the ground underneath her in virtual reality, and it felt like she had walked in circles for hours. She rested on the ground with her back against the trunk. (After she had poked it a few times to make sure it wasn’t alive, of course.)

Apples, she wondered as she gazed up into the branches. Could something that ordinary really be in this bizarre place? Everything in her body screamed, “Don’t!” but her curiosity got the better of her. She held an apple in her hand and took a bite out of it. She gagged as she spit out the white substance. What had started out with the consistency of an apple dissolved into mayonnaise in her mouth. She hated mayonnaise!

Sasha hoped the procedure would be done soon; she was getting tired of being trapped in such a strange place. She let out a sigh of frustration and stood up. Maybe she could find something funny that wouldn’t try and eat her, and so she continued on taking in the sights and sounds.

She hid in the foliage when she saw about ten of the bat cat’s hovering over a single tree while they fought each other. Claws were out, fur was flying, and hissing commenced. The only thing that didn’t make it a typical catfight was because they were in the air. She wondered for a brief moment what was so special about that one tree, but with a shrug, she moved on. She paused when a green cloud of what almost seemed like pot surrounded her. She waved it out of her face, before she froze. It had gotten quiet. The cats had stopped fighting. Her eyes went wide as she turned around to find the whole pack flying towards her at top speed, pupils dilated and locked on. She looked up to find herself standing under the same kind of tree they had inhabited. She ran full speed ahead once she put the pieces together. It was a catnip tree and she had been doused in it!

The sound of cats on a mission filled the air as she ran with them not far behind. She winced as claws scratched her skin and pulled her hair. Sasha was over joyed when she stumbled into a clearing that housed a cabin. She barreled through the door and slammed it shut behind her as she gasped for breath. That was close! She flinched when she heard a knock on the door.

“Hello!” A voice called out. “Do you have a minute to talk about our Lord and Savior?” She groaned. Maybe the laser raptors weren’t that bad after all.

*178*2016-02-09 02:33

Sasha decided to take Crystal’s advice the next morning. No way was she going to let that stupid desk shock her again! This time she’d be ready! She had even set her alarm an hour earlier than yesterday, in order to sneak down to the kitchen in order to make herself some coffee. Lucky for her, they had modern appliances when it came to making coffee. At least they had their priorities in order here.

She stood to the side as she downed as many cups as she could, before she had to report to remedial lessons. She was determined to stay awake, even if she had a heart attack in the process. The warm bitterness felt so good against the chill of the morning air. Before it was time to leave, she topped off her mug once more, before making her way to the classroom.

When she got to the class, she had expected the holographic teacher to be waiting for her. Instead a silver metallic robot hovered in its place, its many arms going every which way as they moved about in constant motion. It was more like metal tentacles than arms, Sasha thought, as she stood in place trying to count them all.

“Good morning. You must be, Sasha,” it said. She wanted to groan. Its voice was more monotonous and boring than its holographic predecessor. “What is that you’re drinking, little girl?” She frowned at the little girl jab. Didn’t this bucket of bolts know what an avatar was?

“Uh, coffee.”

The robot wasn’t the only addition to the room. Several things appeared to have changed. A chalkboard now hung on the wall, and the entire row of desks had disappeared over night- all except one. It sat in the middle of the room facing the board. It seemed suspicious, but with no other options, she took a seat as she took another gulp of her drink.

“Little girls shouldn’t be drinking coffee; it’s bad for you. Don’t you want to grow up big and strong?”

Sasha was about to complain, but before she could get a single word out, a long metal tentacle wrapped around her thermos and snatched it out of her hands.

“Hey! Give it back!” She stood up, reaching into the empty air like a child that had their stuffed animal taken away. It was bad enough she had to be here, but now they were cutting her off? She had needs! “I’m not a little kid. I’m 18!”

The robot paused, as it looked her up and down with its metallic eyes that zoomed in on her. “Do not lie, little girl, my programmer has informed me that you are seven.” What? Seven! Stupid broken robot! Wait, programmer? Someone told it she was seven? “Maybe that is the reason you have so many accidents. Try drinking something more age appropriate, like juice or milk.”

Sasha’s jaw dropped as her face flushed red. This had Barkley written all over it! How long was he going to try and humiliate her for? She grumbled and rested her face against her fist.

As the class session went on, one thing became clear. If she thought drinking six cups of coffee before class was a good idea, she was mistaken. This teacher was even duller than the last, except now, she was wide-awake. In a weird way, she was glad when she felt the urge to pee come on an hour into the lecture. At least it gave her an excuse to get up and leave. When she stood up, the robot stopped mid sentence and turned to look at her.

“Please remain seated until class is over.”

“I’m going to the bathroom.” Sasha said, as she made her way to the door.

“Sit back down, this is your last warning.”

Sasha snorted. Its monotone and lifeless voice was hardly threatening. She rolled her eyes and continued towards the door. All she had taken was a single step, before metal arms sprung from the floor, grabbed her by the leg, and dragged the kicking and screaming girl back to the desk. Her shirt rode up and she let out a yelp as the cold linoleum floor made contact with her bare stomach. At least it wasn’t carpeted.

“Ouch! Let go of me!” She said, as the metal arms picked her up off the floor. She struggled to break free, before she was set back down in the chair with a loud thunk.

“I didn’t want to do this, but you left me no choice. “ Straps appeared and began to buckle her down. Her wrists were confined behind her chair and her legs and chest were bound. As much as she tried to struggle, she couldn’t budge. All she could do was glare. It was almost as if the robot smirked, before it continued where it left off. There was no way in hell Barkley wasn’t behind this. She could just picture him gloating behind a computer screen. Who else was sick enough to tie someone up just for trying to go to the bathroom?

“Don’t look so down; I know what will cheer you up.” Sasha stared transfixed as the metallic tentacles flew across the board with such brisk and agile movements. She cringed at the image that began to appear. “All little girls like ponies.” It said when it was done. This was just cruel and unusual punishment.

Time seemed to have slowed to a crawl. The robots once quick movements were now slow and deliberate, at least it seemed that way to her. Whether it was because the robot was doing it on purpose to torture her, or because she had to pee, she was unsure of. All she knew was she’d be in trouble if it didn’t untie her. This was bad; she really did have to pee, but with her body restrained she was forced to sit in place. Yes, drinking six cups of coffee was a terrible idea.

Another twenty minutes in, she squirmed and rocked against her restraints, but they offered next no freedom to move. Thirty minutes in and she’d do anything to grab herself. Forty minutes. As soon as she got free she was she was going to rip apart that fucking robot and sell it for scrap. Fifty minutes. She knew she was fighting a loosing battle. Her eyes misted over. There was no way she could hold on another hour.

“I really have to pee! Please let me go to the bathroom!” She said. The robot stopped its lesson once again as it sized her up.

“What did I tell you? Drinking coffee is bad for little girls.”

“Okay, I’m sorry; I’ll never drink coffee again.”

“Can’t you hold it?” The robot asked.

“No! Let me go!”

“I guess it can’t be helped. Little girls have small bladders.” Sasha let out a sigh of relief once the straps were undone. She stood up about to race towards the door, but froze when the robot began to speak.

“If you leave; I’ll mark you absent.” Sasha gritted her teeth. If the robot did that, another week would be added to her remedial lessons. She gave the door one last look of longing before she returned to her seat. At least this time she wasn’t restrained. She squirmed and tapped her foot while the robot’s lecture wore on. This time it was about the schools water purification system. Why water needed to be purified in virtual reality, she didn’t want to know. The last thing she wanted to hear was that she was drinking gray water. Or drinking. Or water.

She groaned out loud and grabbed herself.

“Little girls shouldn’t touch themselves.” It was little girl this and little girl that. She would pull her hair out if she had a free hand.

“Can’t you make a bathroom appear in the classroom?” Sasha asked. She knew it was a long shot, but she had seen things pop up out of the floor.

“Based on your recorded history, a waste receptacle has been pre-arranged.” It was the most beautiful thing she had ever heard. Why didn’t the damn thing just say so? “Would you like to engage?”

“Yes, please!” She looked around in anticipation, waiting for some kind of door to appear. She clenched her fists in anger when she saw what had shown up from the floor. “What the hell?” It was just a child’s portable potty!

“I will resume the lesson once you have finished.” The robot said. It’s eyes stayed focused on her as it waited to see what she would do. This was Barkley’s cruel joke; she just knew it. “Is there a problem?”

“I’ll hold it.” She said. She wanted to cry. She was so close! Did she really think some solution of just going to pop out of the floor? She sat back down and debated what to do. She couldn’t hold it much longer, she knew. Every minute that passed was more and more torturous. There would be no waiting until the end of class. She could either leave and get marked absent, or have an accident. She refused to humiliate herself again! If she got stuck in another week of this crap then so be it.

Sasha stood up and made her way towards the door. She pulled on the handle only to find it locked. She pulled harder and harder, only for the door stand there unopened, silently mocking her.

“Why’s the door locked?”

“To keep you from leaving. I have predicted that your refusal to use the provided waste receptacle proves my hypothesis that you were using it as an excuse to leave. Now please sit back down.”

“B-but I really do need to go! Please unlock the door!” A beam of light shone from the eyes of the robot as it traveled up and done her body.

“My analysis has confirmed you are telling the truth.” Sasha breathed a sigh of relief. Was it going to open the door for her? “Please use the provided facilities.” She tugged at the door again, but it was still locked. “Please use the provided facilities.”

“Let me out and I will!” She said. She tugged at the door handle with all her strength, but it refused to budge. She turned back around and froze. Metal arms were reaching for her.

“It’s not good for little girls to hold it.”

“Please, no! Let me out!” A metal tentacle reached around her middle and lifted her into the air with ease. A second arm began to undue her jumpsuit and pull it down while a third brought the white, plastic potty closer, before setting the thrashing girl down on it.

“Do I need to strap you down?”

“No.” She could feel the heat radiating off her face. She didn’t know how, but the once tiny plastic seat had expanded under her to fit her just right. But just because she was on it didn’t mean she was going to use it! She jiggled her legs up and down and pressed them together. She wouldn’t give in!

“Are you done yet?” The robot asked. She felt her face go red again as she looked away. “My sensors did not indicate that you needed to poop.”

“I don’t!” Sasha said. Could this get any more embarrassing? Why was this thing treating her like a toddler? Seven was bad enough!

“Why aren’t you going? Do you need some help?”

“Because this is embarrassing! I want to use a real toilet. In a stall! Where someone isn’t watching me through a robot!”

“But someone is always watching you.”

“What did you say?” Sasha tried to stand up, but metal arms pinned her down.

“This always helps the other kids.” A recording of running water began to play. She was loosing the battle.

The door opened on the other side. Sasha spun her head to see who it was.

“I got a page that a robot went out of cont-…Is this a bad time?” Crystal asked. Her violet eyes went wide as she took in the scene. Her face contorted before she burst into giggles.

“Stop laughing and get this thing off me!”

“Are you here for child pick-up?” The robot asked, still holding Sasha down.

“Uh…?” Crystal said. “Yes? You can let go of her.”

“The child is refusing to cooperate.” The robot said.

“Yeah, she does that.” Crystal said with a smirk. “What’s the problem?”

“The stupid thing won’t let me go to the bathroom!” Sasha said. “It locked all the doors and pinned me down!”

“A scan has confirmed the child’s bladder is full. After several failed persuasion attempts, the child still refused to use the provided facilities. My programming says after three failed attempts, the use of physical force is necessary.”

“Shut it off!” Sasha said.

“So you’ll let her up if she goes?”

“Crystal! Stop laughing and help me!”

“Look, if I shut it off now, you’ll still be pinned down. You’ll be stuck there until the mechanics come and disassemble the arms. You’re best off just giving it what it wants.”

Sasha moaned and covered her face with her hands. “A moment, please.”

“Uhh, the doors locked.” Crystal said.

“GET OUT!”

“I can’t.”

“I can’t hold it!”

“Then don’t!”

“Don’t look at me!”

“I’m not.”

“Don’t listen either!” She was at her limit. She didn’t want to do this, but she was out of options. And time. She whimpered as the last of her strength gave out. She wanted to die on the spot. What set her over the edge wasn’t the echoing sound, or the robots praise. It was fact that the toilet began to talk and sing while she peed. The last thing she wanted was to be praised by a stupid potty. Crystal couldn’t breathe from laughing so hard.

“Keep going, keep going, YEAH!” Crystal sang with the words.

“Now was that so hard?” The robot asked. It lifted her off the seat when the music stopped. “Stay still.” Sasha squirmed and beat it with her fists as cold water sprayed between her legs and was wiped down.

“I can do this myself!” Sasha complained throughout the ordeal before the robot began to redress her.

“And the door opens.” Crystal said, with a tug. “Or not.”

“Do I get to know why I was assaulted by a robot?” Sasha asked, as she kicked the toilet seat lid closed.

“I have no idea. I got a message saying the robot went offline, but I didn’t expect to catch you with your pants down.” Crystal said with a large grin. She went to the back of the robot and pulled something out the side of its neck. The robots many tentacles fell to its side, as it remained unmoving slumped forward.

“Don’t tell me that’s all I had to do.”

“I sent a message to the director, someone will be down soon to get us out.” Crystal said as she sat atop the desk.

“It said something weird earlier. It said, ‘They are always watching you.’ What did it mean by that?” Sasha asked.

“What?”

“I told the robot I wouldn’t go while someone was watching me, and it said there was always someone watching me.” Crystal’s face paled as her smile fell.

“I’m sure it’s nothing.” Crystal said. Sasha narrowed her eyes. Something about the way she shrugged it off seemed suspicious. “A robot just held you prisoner on a child’s potty, and you’re worried about that?” She laughed.

“I guess.” Sasha said. “My brother caught me in a similar situation once.”

“He caught you on the toilet?”

“No, I mean. Last time I saw him in person, he had to come rescue me. I got my butt frozen to a pole.” Sasha said. She smiled as Crystal shook her head and laughed.

“Why does that sound like something you’d do? Do I want to know how you managed that?”

“I leaned my bare butt against a pole in the snow and it got stuck. He thought it was hilarious.”

“What were you doing with your bare butt out in the snow?”

“I was making butt angels. What do you think I was doing? I had to go.” Sasha said. She was beginning to tear up. She wiped her eyes. She hated people seeing her cry. “It was the last good memory I had of him.”

“What happened?” Crystal asked after a moment of silence. Sasha took a deep breath to steady herself.

“Some people broke in and stole his research. They shot us both and left. That was the last time I saw him in person.” Sasha said.

“Sasha,” Crystal said before pausing to choose her words. She rested her hand on her shoulder. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but, do you think it’s possible he didn’t make it?”

“Can I tell you my theory now?” Sasha asked. Crystal nodded. “I think you’re my brother.”

*180*2016-02-09 02:52

{{:

Jehovah'switnessesosaur- a rare breed of dinosaur that survived extinction through sheer stubbornness and belief in the re-emergence of their extinct ancestors, the Jesosaurus rex.

}}

Omg that is amazing, and made me laugh. Thank you ^^

*184*2016-02-11 19:18

So the last bit was more of a fan service scene, and no way I'm putting that with the actual story XD Anyway, here is the chapter that is part of the story. I salvaged the first half of the last chapter and used it to create this chapter in case your wondering why it's the same.

Chapter 26

Sasha decided to take Crystal’s advice the next morning. No way was she going to let that stupid desk shock her again! This time she’d be ready! She had even set her alarm an hour earlier than yesterday, in order to sneak down to the kitchen to make herself some coffee. Lucky for her, they had modern appliances when it came to making coffee. At least they had their priorities in order here.

She stood to the side as she downed as many cups as she could, before she had to report to remedial lessons. She was determined to stay awake, even if she had a heart attack in the process. The warm bitterness felt so good against the chill of the morning air. Before it was time to leave, she topped off her mug once more, before making her way to the classroom.

When she got to the class, she had expected the holographic teacher to be waiting for her. Instead a silver metallic robot hovered in its place, its many arms going every which way as they moved about in constant motion. It was more like metal tentacles than arms, Sasha thought, as she stood in place trying to count them all.

“Good morning. You must be, Sasha,” it said. She wanted to groan. Its voice was more monotonous and boring than its holographic predecessor. “What is that you’re drinking, little girl?” She frowned at the little girl jab. Didn’t this bucket of bolts know what an avatar was?

“Uh, coffee.”

The robot wasn’t the only addition to the room. Several things appeared to have changed. A chalkboard now hung on the wall, and the entire row of desks had disappeared over night- all except one. It sat in the middle of the room facing the board. It seemed suspicious, but with no other options, she took a seat as she took another gulp of her drink.

“Little girls shouldn’t be drinking coffee; it’s bad for you. Don’t you want to grow up big and strong?”

Sasha was about to complain, but before she could get a single word out, a long metal tentacle wrapped around her thermos and snatched it out of her hands.

“Hey! Give it back!” She stood up, reaching into the empty air like a child that had their stuffed animal taken away. It was bad enough she had to be here, but now they were cutting her off? She had needs! “I’m not a little kid. I’m 18!”

The robot paused, as it looked her up and down with its metallic eyes that zoomed in on her. “Do not lie, little girl, my programmer has informed me that you are seven.” What? Seven! Stupid broken robot! Wait, programmer? Someone told it she was seven? “Maybe that is the reason you have so many accidents. Try drinking something more age appropriate, like juice or milk.”

Sasha’s jaw dropped as her face-flushed red. This had Barkley written all over it! How long was he going to try and humiliate her for? She grumbled and rested her face against her fist.

As the class session went on, one thing became clear. If she thought drinking six cups of coffee before class was a good idea, she was mistaken. This teacher was even duller than the last, except now, she was wide-awake.

“… And so even though this is virtual reality, that is why all good little boys and girls need to wash their hands after using the restroom.”

Sasha eye twitched. She didn’t know how much more she could take of this. If that thing called her a little girl one more time. The robot went on about the dangers of breaking good life long habits, leaving time for Sasha’s mind to wander.

Maybe she should try being friends with the others. Sure, they gossiped, but who didn’t? Her little spectacle would blow over with time. It didn’t mean she had to play nice with David; in fact, she couldn’t wait until they started sparring lessons so she could kick his ass. There was always Jasmine. She seemed nice. Or there was that red headed girl- what’s-her-name. As soon as they had a normal conversation with her, they’d see she was sane.

“Any questions?” The robot asked. When she didn’t respond, a metal tentacle prodded her in the shoulder. Once she came to, she shook her head. “Very well, I shall proceed with the next section.” No! She couldn’t take any more of this. She needed a break.

“Wait, um, can I go get something to drink?” She wanted to stretch her legs for a bit. She was too hyped up to stay still much longer, and if she had to listen to that voice any longer she’d go insane. She frowned when a spout appeared out of the robots body and filled a cup of water for her. “Well…that’s…convenient, I guess.” She sighed when it added a silly straw for her. At least it was purple. She took a sip and watched it loop and twist through the tubes. She smirked. Maybe she should push her luck and ask for a coloring book too. “Why are you treating me like little kid?”

“Because you are.” Sasha cocked her head to the side as she took another sip.

“Says who?” She asked through a mouth full of straw.

“Sacrio Psychiatric Pharmacology.”

Sasha shrugged. No one she had ever heard of. Must be the manufacturing company. At least it hadn’t said Barkley. Ugh, she couldn’t wait to get out of here. Breakfast sounded nice. She hoped there’d be bacon. Her stomach growled. She shouldn’t have had so much coffee on an empty stomach. Bacon sounded so good right now. Sacrio Psychiatric Pharmacology… Why did that sound so familiar? And why was there a robot from a pharmaceutical company here with her?

“Shall we continue?”

It was on the tip of her tongue… Sacrio…Psychiatric…Pharmacology… S.P.P. No…it couldn’t be! What was going on? Lot’s of things had those initials, right?

“Are you listening?” The robot asked. It poked her again with a metal tentacle.

“What is the S.P.P?” She was beginning to panic. Her chest tightened.

“Which one?” The robot asked. She breathed a sigh of relief. She was getting worked up over nothing. So then why was there this nagging feeling in the back of her head? If they knew she had a mental illness, why had they let her join? She was nothing special, so why? Why would they make a special exception for her? Maybe they saw through her diagnosis…maybe they knew she wasn’t crazy. Why then would they make her take medications? This wasn’t adding up! She couldn’t breathe! Why couldn’t she breathe?!

Sasha stood up, knocking her chair back in the process. She ran for the door. Locked! Why was it locked? She tugged and tugged, but it wouldn’t budge!

“Class is not over. Please remain seated.” Its voice was so calm. Why was it so calm? Couldn’t it see something was wrong with her? What was wrong? Her voice was coming in ragged gasps. Was this…an asylum? Had her parents had her committed? Did they think she was a danger to society? Why? Did they know she was responsible for Brian? It was an accident! Were they afraid of her? Did Brian tell them it was her fault? No.. no.. NO.

“NO! NO! THIS DOESN’T MAKE SENSE!” She pounded on the door. “LET ME OUT! SOMEONE LET ME OUT!” Things were going black. She was losing consciousness. Why? She stumbled against the door and slid to the floor. She saw the half empty glass sitting on the desk. The water! It was poisoned! The door opened. Crystal!

“Sasha!” Her voice was so far away. She reached out for her. Her face was blurry. She was shaking her. “Sasha!”

###

Crystal sat in the chair and studied the Doctors expression while he watched the surveillance video. What the hell happened? One minute she had been fine, and the next she ran head first towards the door. His face was like stone. He was expressionless and unwavering. She wished he wasn’t wearing earplugs. She wanted to hear what was being said.

Crystal wasn’t sure whose expression was worse: the doctors or Sasha’s. She sat on the edge of the table with a blanket wrapped around her. Her body trembled, but Crystal wasn’t sure if it was the chill in the air or not. She hadn’t said a word since she had woken up on the table. She just stared straight ahead at the wall.

“Well, everything seems normal.” The doctor said. “Scans show nothing wrong.”

“Then what happened?” Crystal asked.

“Panic attack.”

“It wasn’t a panic attack!” Their heads turned towards Sasha. It was the first thing she had said since. “I’ve had panic attacks before; they’ve never felt that intense.” The fire in her eyes seemed to diminish and she stared back at the wall. “There was something in the water.”

Crystal glanced at the doctor, but he shook his head.

“Tox screen came back fine. The table showed nothing out of the ordinary in her system. Given her history, all signs point to nothing more than a panic attack.”

“It wasn’t a panic attack!” Sasha said. “I-it-it wasn’t!” Crystal frowned. Something was off.

“I think you should take the day off. Get some rest. Have you been sleeping?” The doctor asked. Sasha scowled, but remained silent before breaking out in sobs.

“What’s wrong?” Crystal asked as she stood next to the table.

“Wh-What is this place?” Sasha asked, clinging on to her side. “Is this really a school?” Crystal could feel her blood run cold. How had she found out? “I’m in an asylum, aren’t I? My parents had me committed!” Crystal breathed a sigh of relief. At least she didn’t have to lie.

“No, you’re not in an asylum.” Crystal said. She took a seat next to the trembling girl who buried her head in the green haired girls shoulders shoulder and cried. Crystal patted her back. She looked to the doctor for help. This wasn’t right. She knew Sasha was…young for her age, but this? There was no way she was 18! “Hey, c’mon, what makes you think this is an asylum?”

“Be-because I thought… I thought. There’s no way some elite school would pick me knowing I was…like this! The robot said-“

“Why don’t you take her to her room?”

“What did the robot say?” Crystal asked the Doctor.

“Nothing of importance.” He shrugged. “People with anxiety disorders don’t always need a trigger to have panic attacks. They happen.”

“Can I watch the video with sound?” Crystal asked.

“You didn’t miss anything. I think the best thing to do is take her to her room.”

“I’m tired.” Sasha said, half mumbling into Crystal arm.

“Then how did the door lock from the inside?” Crystal asked. He shrugged again.

“A malfunction in the robot?” Crystal narrowed her eyes, but let it go.

“Let’s go, Sasha.” She helped her stand up. She seemed to wobble a bit before getting her footing, so Crystal half-walked, and half dragged her out. She needed to figure out what she knew now. This wasn’t a simple panic attack; she was in shock. Why though? What had that robot told her? The look in Sasha’s eyes was the look of someone who just watched their life’s hopes and dreams get swept away. She knew. How did she know?

###

Sasha curled up in bed when they got up to their room and threw the covers over her head.

“It’s not an asylum.” Crystal said. “I work here; I’d know.” A tear streaked face poked out.

“Promise?”

“Promise. Have you ever been in an asylum?” Sasha shook her head. “Trust me. It’s not an asylum.”

“Thank you for saving me. Again. How did you know I was in trouble?”

“Because you were screaming like a maniac.” Crystal said with a smirk. “Are you cold?”

“No.”

“Then why are you shaking?” Sasha’s head ducked back under the covers. “What’s wrong with you today? You’re acting odd.”

“It wasn’t a panic attack. I’ve never felt so afraid.” Crystal sat on the edge of the bed, unsure of what to do. She stretched her hand towards the lump underneath the blankets before retracting it. She repeated the process, until she had managed to make contact. Physical contact felt awkward to her, but it seemed like the right thing to do. The lump was trembling. Why?

“Are you afraid now?”

“Yes.”

“What are you afraid of?”

“I don’t know.” Sasha said.

The doctor was hiding something. She needed to see that video, but how? She looked at the time. It was almost breakfast. The doctor would be in the cafeteria. Could she sneak into sickbay and watch it? Or should she ask director Aspen? It was Crystal’s job after all to keep an eye on her. Why did Sasha need someone to watch her though? What was so special about her? She looked like nothing more than a scared child cowering under the blankets.

The lump began to move towards her until it came to rest in her lap. Was she really this scared? Her first reaction was to shove her off. This much physical contact was way outside Crystal’s comfort zone, but the lump underneath the covers looked so pitiful.

“It was like I realized my life had no meaning.” Sasha said.

“What? I don’t get it? What’s that have to do with thinking you were in an asylum. I don’t even understand why you thought that.”

“The robot said something about a psychiatric company with the same initials as the S.P.P. I’ve never felt anything like it. I was fine and then…”

“What?”

“It felt like there was no hope for me. My life meant nothing, my dreams, my… everything. Things became so clear. It was like my eyes were opened for the first time and I realized I was nothing. It should have been me. My parents would be happier if it had been me.”

“You’re not nothing, Sasha. I don’t know why you felt that way.” Crystal said. She wrapped her arms around her. It seemed like the right thing to do, but she couldn’t be sure. She was an object to be used. She lied, she stole, she manipulated all on the directors behalf. She did not comfort. She did not love.

So then what was this she was feeling? Why did she feel this ache at her very core? They had taught her indifference, so why? She didn’t know her, and yet, she wanted to take away her pain. Not just that, but she felt her pain. Sharp pangs of loneliness left her breathless. So much loneliness. Sasha’s shaking was worse. No…it was she that was shaking. She was…crying? Why? They both were. She could feel Sasha wrap her arms her. The darkness she felt ebbed away bit by bit. Was this the power of another’s touch? Crystal tightened her grip in return. And they cried.

“Would you stay with me until I fall asleep?” Sasha asked. Yes, they could be lonely together.

“Sure thing.”

*187*2016-02-11 23:32

{{:

I absolutely love this story! I just have one question tho. When you say this is the actual chapter, do you mean that anything that happened in the "fan service" chapter, like Sasha's theory that Crystal's her brother, wasn't canon? Anyway, keep up the great work!

}}

Thanks XD

No that is real, I'll work that into the next chapter if I can. I tried to use it as a real chapter, but that scene didn't feel right. It didn't go with the flow of the story. It's a fun scene by itself, but it ruined the tension the story was building. It was more like, hey my omo friends, here's some eye candy haha I'm sorry, I ruined the flow of this. I'm learning as I go

*189*2016-02-12 00:12

{{:

Ah, I see. Thanks for clarifying! I can't wait for the next chapter! And don't worry, you didn't ruin anything! Lets just consider this an extended sneak peak ;)

}}

Haha yeah.. *Channels deep booming voice* Next time on...

*193*2016-02-13 01:43

{{:

Wait im lost what happened to the chapter about the spp being a pharmceutical company or did I dream this up

}}

Huh? It's still there...

*194*2016-02-13 07:44

Crystal sat in the cafeteria by herself as she nibbled on a piece of toast. She waited and watched. Any minute now he would come, and then, she would make her move. There was this nagging suspicion that the doctor had hid something, but why? Wasn’t she also part of the team? If Sasha was her responsibility to keep an eye on, why were they still keeping secrets? Unless the doctor had told her the truth, and there really hadn’t been anything in particular that set her off. This girl was more trouble than she was worth, Crystal thought with a frustrated sigh.

The entrance of a man wearing a long white lab coat signaled it was time to make her move. She waited a second as the Doctor stood in line with the others to get breakfast. With his back to her, she stood and made her way towards the door.

“Crystal! There you are! The dishes are pilling up back here!” A voice called from behind the buffet station. Crap! Don’t act suspicious. Everyone was staring at her now, including the doctor.

“I’m sorry, I’m busy right now.” Crystal said. The red head scowled. Crystal only knew her from her file as Subject 1254 with a diagnosis Intermittent Explosive Disorder. She was a ticking time bomb. There was a fury in her brown eyes that had been ignited. Crystal gulped. She’d be in trouble if 1254 went off and caused a scene. Now wasn’t the time for this!

“What? Just because you do stuff for the director, doesn’t mean you’re above us! Get back here and do your job!”

“She’ll be along in a minute. There was an emergency this morning.” The doctor said. The red head seemed to relax at this. Her angry expression morphed into one of concern. As suspicious as he was, Crystal owed him one. The fire had been extinguished for now.

“Th-thanks.” Crystal said. “I-I just came down to get her some breakfast. She’s better now.”

“Glad to hear.” He said, turning away from her. She breathed a sigh of relief. That was close!

Crystal made a beeline for the sickbay terminal. Only the staff got access to their avatar’s Sphere menus. She on the other hand, was in the same boat with the subjects. It would help her blend in, she was told. Now that the cat was out of the bag, she’d have to ask the director to lift her ban on hers. She missed having her own personal search engine controlled by her thoughts. If she wanted to know something, all she had to do was think about it. Without it, she felt lost and confused. She wondered, for a brief moment, what life was like outside her avatar. How did people live outside the Sphere?

With one last glance over her shoulder, she sat at his desk in front of the terminal. Now where was the surveillance footage he had been watching? There it was! Now for the unpleasant part. She took the auxiliary cord and traced along the back of her neck, until she found the port. She shuddered a bit as she plugged herself in to the terminal. She couldn’t wait until she had a chip! Then she could just connect herself to via Bluetooth like everyone else. All avatars had a port to connect to terminals, but they were becoming more and more obsolete now that most people were getting their chips swapped for newer models. It almost seemed like she was the only one who had to do this anymore.

With the ban in place, she couldn’t watch the file in her mind, but at least she could store it for later. Crystal checked her storage capacity. Good, still plenty of space. She downloaded the video file into her mind while she checked for other things. The terminal was full of medical reports about the subjects, both avatar and their human selves. A few minutes of searching revealed Sasha’s file. It was quite a bit larger than the one than the director had sent her, and according to the file, it had been just been updated this morning. She didn’t have time to sit through and read it, so she downloaded that too.

She gasped a little at the sound of footprints approaching. No! The file was only half way done downloading! What should she do? If she was caught… She had to think fast. She could pretend to be playing a game, but how would she explain the cord in her head? She had to think of something… This was a terrible idea, but she had no choice! She grimaced and typed in a few keywords, before minimizing the window and bringing up Solitaire.

“Crystal?” The Doctor asked, as he came in through the door. “What are you doing?”

“Sorry, I wanted to speak with you in private, about this morning. I thought it would be best to wait here for you.” She said. She could feel her heart beating in her chest. She was a terrible liar and she knew it.

“What are you doing on my computer?” He asked.

“Sorry, I was just playing a game.” She said. He narrowed his eyes as they traveled from the terminal, to the wire in the back of her head.

“You’re downloading something. Get up! Were you snooping through the patient files!?”

“N-no, I’m not; I swear!” She said. She moved in front of the screen. Her voice was rising too much. Damn it! She was busted. He bent over her, opened up the window, and took in what she had looked up. She watched his face go from an angry scowl to bright red in embarrassment.

“You’re downloading porn into your avatar!” He said. Crystal’s face turned bright red as they both looked away from each other. A ding let her know her download was done. She pulled the cord out of her neck and tried to dash out. “Sit back down, Crystal. Let’s talk.” She cringed as she crept towards the bed he pointed to, and took a seat. “I’m aware that you have a… unique background.”

“Y-yes. Ever since the implants were put it in...” She stopped mid sentence and looked away. “It-It’s my first time feeling these things.” If he looked her in the eyes he’d see past her lie.

He cleared his throat. “Yes, those feelings are quite normal, and…and nothing to be embarrassed about. This must be quite a confusing time for you. You’ve lived your whole life here in the Sphere, and now that you have all of your senses for the first time. It makes sense that your sex drive would awaken as well. Didn’t they upload those explanations into you when they brought you here?”

“Umm, yeah, but it’s different when it’s happening.” She lied. “They focused more on the important stuff: basic avatar health and safety, Sphere history, a few languages. That sort of thing. There were only bits and pieces.”

“Ah, yes, if I remember correctly, you couldn’t talk when they brought you in. Well, I suppose someone should explain these things to you.” Crystal listened for as long as she could, nodding here and there at appropriate times. The conversation went from hormones and menstruation, to sexually transmitted malware. She had to resist the urge to groan when he told her to be careful who she let stick their flash drive in her. He chucked at his own joke. She had to change the subject.

“Well, heh, no, I’m not really interested in flash drives right now. What I had come here to talk about was Sasha.” Crystal said.

“Ooh, I see what you’re saying. No wonder you’re so confused. There’s nothing to be ashamed of.”

“Huh?”

“They downloaded basic sex education, but you’re confused because you’re not interested in flash drives; you’re interested in ports, is that it?”

“Interested in… ports? Woah! No! That’s not what I meant!” Crystal said, as she waved her arms about. Now it was her turn to feel embarrassed.

“I won’t tell anyone. I’m sure Sasha’s a great girl. It must be difficult being in such close quarters with her while you’re experiencing all these new things.”

“I’m not gay!” Crystal said, nearly shouting. “Or a pedophile.” She mumbled.

“You know she’s not really a child, right?” He laughed.

“Well, that’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about.” Crystal said, regaining her composure. “I’ve been noticing something odd lately. She seems to be…regressing.”

“So you’ve noticed that too, have you?” He asked. His large blue eyes fell, and his playful tone grew serious.

“Why? What’s going on? The file I received from the director didn’t say anything about mental regression. She was just supposed to have a slight case of PTSD.”

“My guess is her mind is regressing her back to the age she was during the original trauma.” He said. “She’s a special case and very valuable. Please continue watching out for her. These experiments can be brutal on the psych.”

“Experiments?” Crystal asked. She noticed his face fall. “Aren’t you just watching how the mind works in different scenarios?”

“Y-yes, that’s what I meant. When I said, ‘experiment’ I meant putting the subjects in controlled environments that would bring out different psychological responses. Like the good tasting food for example. The others are expressing joy while they eat, but Jasmine, who is anorexic, sees the food as a negative thing. Her brain is reacting differently to the environment, and we are trying to learn why in order to fix it.” He said. “How do we turn that negative into a positive? And then there’s Barkley. His classes induce anxiety responses, doubly so for someone like Sasha; except for David, who takes pleasure in seeing others pain. We are learning so much in what makes people tick. We have been collecting some very valuable research data.”

“That’s good I guess.” Crystal said. She shrugged. It’s not like anyone was in danger. “So does Sasha’s user have that problem too? Mental regression? Does she go through phases or something?”

“That’s the part I don’t really understand. Her mind only regresses when she’s in virtual reality. Since people can’t spend more than six hours a day logged into the Sphere, It hasn’t had enough time to really rear its head. She goes back to normal once she logs out. Now that we’ve been monitoring her in virtual reality for several days thanks to the drug, we’ve seen a sharp decline in mental age. Since her trauma occurred in virtual reality, I think her mind is trying to regress her back to the age it happened in an attempt to heal itself. We’ve never seen this before.”

“Interesting. It would explain her strange behavior and why she seemed so different when I first met her.” Crystal said. “Is this anything to worry about? Is she really going back to five? She’s not going to get stuck like that, is she? I know I’m playing babysitter, but I didn’t know it was going to be literal. I don’t want a five-year-old roommate!”

“Well, we’ll be monitoring her. To be honest, I don’t know what’s happening.”

“What happened when she was five? Was this really all from seeing a few cartoon characters fight? It seems a bit silly.” Crystal said.

“A child’s mind is different than an adult’s. Trauma from early childhood can stay with a person into their adult life whether they realize it or not. I have a theory that her fear of these cartoon animals is just a stand in for something else.”

“You think something else happened? She’s only ever mentioned the ponies before.”

“She might not remember what happened. I have a feeling her mind is harboring a repressed memory from that day, and that’s why her mind is trying to go back to that time. It’s possible that once her mind has fully regressed, it will resurface.”

“Do you think she should remember it though? If it was so bad that she repressed it…”

“At this rate, I don’t think she has much of a choice. For some reason her mind wants to go back.”

“What if there was a way to pull that memory out? Would it stop the regression? If her mind wants to remember it, wouldn’t it be best to make her remember as an adult instead of a young child?” Crystal suggested.

“Hmm, it’s a thought. I could bring it up to the board during our next meeting and see what they say. I’m not sure, they might want to wait and see how this plays out.” He said mulling the thought over in his mind. “Anyway, do you have any questions about what we talked about?”

Crystal’s face reddened as she looked away. “No, I’m good. Thank you.” She watched as he bent down and retrieved something out of a drawer, before sticking out his arm towards her. She held out her hand as something was dropped into her open palm. Her blush deepened. Malware condoms.

“Be safe.” He said.

“Uh, yeah, sure.” She said as she stood and headed for the door. “One more thing. Was there really nothing in the water?”

“There may have been a slight stimulant added to induce results. It didn’t mix well with all the caffeine.” He admitted. Crystal sighed. Just how far were these people going to go for their data?

*199*2016-02-20 23:31

I can take 15 pages of this to class and get it workshopped. Which scene do you you guys think would be best to pass out to the class?

$$

