Omorashi-Den, kagu

Author: RyuRyan

*000*2012-10-06 19:17

(Hello everyone this is david here, and i'd just like to say now that my schedule is clear me and rory can get back to work on our omorashi teamwork. Written by David, the-armored-toad.deviantart.com Proofread-ed by Rory, The-irish-clover.deviantart.com. Please rate and tell me what you think of it criticism wanted.)

It had not been long since Chibiterasu had lost his friend Kuni to the Exodus of Water from the Agata Forest from defeating Bullhead.

After a while of doing tasks and various other things in Southern Ryoshima Coast, he had gathered a lot of items to go with his rosary and eventually arrived to Sei’an City Commoners’ Quarters. Chibi looked around at the big area, the buildings seeming to have a dark feeling around them, and the city had a wall around it but the area Chibi was in had a torch sitting in the middle of town. People were wandering around doing their usual daily tasks. Chibi went around and did his usual tree blooming routine. The dead trees were now being turned into cherry blossoms. He walked by the playhouse, finding it odd since he didn’t know what it was, tilting his head. But he just ignored it and walked across the bridge that was over the water.

When Chibi crossed the bridge, he saw two red imps, both wearing origami cranes as hats and each one had a paddle and they appeared to be threatening a girl. Chibi growled at the sight and without hesitation, rushed over and entered a fight with the two red imps. After a short few power slashes and swings with Chibi’s Rosary, the red imps dropped demon bones and money.

After the fight, Chibi was panting after using up a lot of ink. “Hey, you!” he heard the girl call out for him. Chibi looked over at the girl in confusion. The girl was wearing a pink sleeveless kimono styled dress and a pair of black tights, and appeared to have a flower in her black hair with a string on it as well, and it had a few flower petals on it and a small pink ball on the end.

“If you’re going to save me, then get over here and do it!” the girl ordered, seeming mad that Chibi had taken so long. He tilted his head in confusion. “Were you scared? Is that why you hesitated?” the girl asked while starting to approach Chibi. “Hmm…? Those are some pretty gaudy markings you have there,” the girl stated, putting her hands on the side of his head and petting him. “…I guess the other dogs all pick on you for being different,” she said. Chibi barked in response while the girl had a hand on her hip. “No? Well good for you then. Now take me to the playhouse!” she ordered. Chibi tilted his head again.

Chibi was confused by the strange girl. “You’re not going to tell me you don’t know who I am, are you? Have you been living in a cave!?” she asked. Chibi just licked his paw, still acting unsure in response. The girl wasn’t too amused by this. “I’m Kagu, and I’m the most popular child actor in the land!” Kagu introduced herself, apparently being a child actress. She was glaring at him. “If I tell you to jump, you ask how high in mid-air!” Kagu said. Chibi sat down and yawned in response, still somewhat confused by her.

Though this seemed to only make Kagu madder as she stomped a foot on the ground angrily. “Oh no, don’t give me that look! Take me to the theater and I’ll give you some comp tickets,” she claimed, still annoyed by how he acted so far. “That’s a pretty sweet deal, right?” she asked with sparkles around her, though Chibi was lying on the ground next to asleep. “Come on! I overslept and father will kill me if I’m late!” Kagu shouted, remembering how she was in such a rush to get out. She had to skip going to the bathroom but she didn’t care so far. “Just let me hop on your back!” she ordered.

Chibi sighed and nodded. He went over, grabbed onto part of her kimono with his teeth and threw her in the air. She did a multiple flips while in the air before landing on his back and pulling out a fan in a pose. Afterwards she rubbed Chibi’s head. “Thanks! Now what was so hard about that? How about I give you a name as a reward? Let’s see… you’re a little dog, so I’ll call you pooch! Sound good?” Kagu said in glee, seeming a lot happier now that he agreed, though she suddenly felt a bit of pressure from her lower abdomen, her bladder starting to fill up from not going to the bathroom when she woke up, though the feeling subsided fast so she ignored it.

Chibi was just in shock at the name before dropping his head down in depression. “Okay, Pooch, take me to the playhouse!” she ordered. Chibi was about to do so, but suddenly she tugged on his ears stopping him. He yelped in irritation, looking up at Kagu who was rubbing his head. “Do you have anything to drink? I haven’t had anything at all since last night,” she claimed. Chibi was unsure about it, but he pulled out a Soul Sake for her.

Kagu took the Soul Sake and looked at it, thinking that it’d be fine, although she hadn’t even thought about her bladder or the fact she had skipped the bathroom in a hurry this morning. “Thanks Pooch,” she thanked him before to drinking it. She finished it moments later and threw the empty bottle away before sitting back down on his back. “Let’s go!” she ordered. Chibi barked and proceeded his way to the playhouse. The bumpy ride on his back was starting to shake her bladder, Kagu suddenly feeling the same pressure from her bladder. But again, she kept ignoring it until it went away again, thinking she could use a bathroom at the playhouse.

They wandered around a bit, multiple buildings appearing to be cursed but they didn’t mind them as they arrived to the playhouse. Kagu had a hand on her hip as usual, looking in shock. “What the heck is this?!” she asked in shock, seeing and noticing that the playhouse had a more demonic look to it now and had a sign put on it. “The playhouse is called purgatory now?!” Kagu screamed, trying to open the door, but to her annoyance it was locked. She groaned angrily, her knees bending slightly but she straightened back up since Chibi was right in front of her.

Kagu turned to him. “Listen up, Pooch! We’re going to use the rear entrance,” she explained. Chibi nodded with a bark, letting her climb on his back as they continued on. Kagu just hoped she would be able to relieve herself soon since the sake was now starting to catch up to her and fill her bladder even more. She was really starting to regret not using the bathroom when she woke up.

After a while, Chibi and Kagu had found their way to the rear entrance, but it was destroyed. Half of the door was missing and it was the part that had the knob on it. Kagu just groaned, wishing she could just grab herself to relieve some pressure, but she didn’t want to do that since she was a famous actress and didn’t want her reputation to get ruined. “If only we could fix it…” she said to Chibi. He barked, using his rejuvenation to trace in the broken part of the door, and suddenly black smoke appeared, repairing it instantly. “Hey… it’s been fixed by... something… well whatever, I need to speak with father immediately,” Kagu stated, but was planning to go quickly to the bathroom after she talked to her father.

They entered inside to see a room with part of the entrance floor being made out of stone, but the rest was made out of wood. There were a few pots against the wall, and a cabinet and few chairs nearby. “This is the green room, where the actors and stagehands relax. There are usually people all over the place, but today… something doesn’t feel right. We need to find everyone,” Kagu claimed.

Chibi barked and dashed off to do as she said, but tripped on the wooden floor, making her fall off. She got up from the rough landing. “Way to go, pooch! You know, I should--” her sentence was cut off when she suddenly felt a twinge of pain from her bladder. This time, she couldn’t resist. She quickly grabbed her crotch and crushed her thighs together. She was blushing bright red while fidgeting. Chibi got up and looked at her, noticing her fidgeting.

Chibi barked to get Kagu’s attention. She looked at Chibi with an unhappy look. “Pooch, right now I think you should just go take me to my father’s room and to the bathroom right away!!” she ordered in desperation, glad that no one else was around to see her in her state of embarrassment. Chibi nodded in obedience as he came over, letting Kagu climb on his back before he ran off. The bumpiness of the ride wasn’t helping her bladder. She had one hand on Chibi’s fur to hang on, and another hand was on her crotch, gripping it and sighing in a little relief since it took some of the pressure off, but she had a deep rose red blush when she felt a spurt of warm urine escape her and run into her panties. She just grabbed her crotch with her other hand, trying to hold it in the best she could.

They entered the hall, seeing nothing but an icy doorway and no one was around. Loads of tickets were scatted on the floor. Then there was a room that had red and blue pillows in it and a desk that appeared to have some writing on it as well. “This is my father’s room,” Kagu claimed, getting off Chibi while trying to keep in control her thighs, slightly getting closer together but she just wanted to keep her composure in case someone saw. She walked up to the desk and saw a letter there. “He’s the head of our troupe, and that makes him the boss,” Kagu explained while Chibi walked to beside her, knowing that her situation right now wasn’t good. Kagu looked around, not seeing anyone else in the room.

“You know I don’t see my mother around either…” Kagu claimed before looking at the letter and picking it up, reading it with no hesitation. “Dearest Kagu, there is nothing that can be done for the theatre. You must escape while you can,” the letter read. “This is father’s writing, but he’s mistaken. He should know I won’t run away just because he tells me to!” Kagu yelled before turning to Chibi. “Come on, Pooch! We need to find father!” she ordered. He barked in response, but as a result of her distraction, Kagu felt more urine escape her bladder and go into her panties. She quickly threw her hand down into her crotch, groaning in agony.

“B-but a bathroom first would be more preferable,” Kagu claimed, turning her back on Chibi and removing her hands to survey the damage if there was any. On her black tights, she saw a newly developed darker spot that was the size of a half dollar. She gulped nervously, covering the wet spot back up with her hands before climbing back on Chibi, hoping to find a bathroom fast. Chibi went right through the next door to continue on.

After doing a lot of tasks, Kagu had been holding it in for the next two hours and was starting to lose control. She was on Chibi’s back, gripping onto her crotch with both hands. She was unable to sit still, squirming and fidgeting over and over while blushing. She let out another longer spurt of warm urine, letting out another groan of agony. Chibi actually felt a little wet on his back. Kagu had tears in her eyes, trying to hold in her pee, but her bladder was full and unable to handle it anymore. Warm urine was teasing her urethra, wanting the one chance to escape. They soon arrived to a room with blue and red pillows in a circle.

Chibi let Kagu off of him. She was cringing as she stood there, her hands gripping her crotch so hard, it was actually starting to hurt a tad. She couldn’t stand still at all. Chibi was going to get her when he got the treasure chest in the middle of the room, but suddenly Kagu felt a twinge in her bladder but recognized the room. “Oh my god, I can’t hold it anymore!” she shrieked as she felt her bladder begin to escape her. She bolted past Chibi and to the door straight ahead. He just sighed hoping she will find a bathroom and thinking he would find her later.

Kagu rushed through the door, but found an imp with one of those megaphones, though Kagu couldn’t handle her bladder or control much longer. She was in the bathroom, but there was only one toilet which was a huge problem, and the fact that she was so close to a toilet made her need to go more. “How’s it feel to be trapped in a dirty, disgusting toilet?” the apparent toilet spirit asked. Apparently someone was locked up in the toilet. “Help! Let me out of here!” an actress screamed as the toilet spirit boomed in laughter.

“H-hey let her out!” Kagu demanded, standing in place with her thighs crushed together, somewhat hoping that she could use the bathroom as fast as possible, but the toilet spirit laughed. “You need to go? Fine!” it spat at her, shoving Kagu back and knocking her down. She growled in a peeved manner but suddenly felt a twinge from her bladder, grabbing her crotch as she produced more tears in her eye while shivering in place.

“N-no! I-It’s too much to hold!” Kagu began crying as the flood gates finally opened. A huge flow of urine shot out of her, soaking her panties and tights and pouring right onto the floor. The toilet spirit watched as Kagu was peeing. She was crying while falling onto her knees. The pool of golden liquid got bigger and bigger by the second. She just sniffled, and once she was done, she let out a fairly long moan of relief. She kept on to crying, standing back up and seeing a big, dark wet spot on her tights, and both of her legs were soaked along with her socks, and part of her kimono was wet as well. She felt ashamed, being the famous child actress having wet herself like this.

Suddenly the toilet spirit was sliced and it fell in half. Chibi went in, having power slashed the spirit, but he looked at Kagu in shock. The actress came out and bowed to them. “Umm… t-thank you, Lady Kagu… I’m sorry I was trapped in there. I-I can clean it up for you if you wish,” she apologized to her. Kagu just sniffed in embarrassment and shame before going into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. “I’m not coming out until I’m dry!” she cried. Chibi just sighed and looked down in shame, knowing this would take a long time for Kagu to recover from the incident as the actress began cleaning up the big pool of urine.

*002*2012-10-08 15:53

{{:

Another great story! B) Alot of details in the wetting and depression great work keep it up!

}}

Thanks a ton glad you think so, and i do believe you meant desperation.

