The Kidnapperэs Desperation

Author: CrystalRay

*000*2014-01-30 16:31

Context: Hello, I'm back! This is one of four 'short' stories I recently wrote for a certain user on this site, she knows who she is, and that's important to keep in mind for this one, it's written in the second person but putting yourself there only works if you're female... hopefully any male readers, most I asume, will still get some enjoyment out of this... I do feel very shy about posting this one but I'm just going to go ahead and do it... The other three will be coming soon, so stay tuned! :D

You open your eyes and glance around the room. You have no idea where you are but it's a small room, looks like a bedroom and... ah yes... you're on a bed and in nothing but a pair of tight, pink, cotton panties. You panic for a second and attempt to get up, only to find your arms and legs tied to the bedposts; you're sprawled out like a starfish. After a few seconds you realize it's hopeless and relax your body again, you're frightened for your life, but at least the bed is comfy. Pressing your head back into the soft pillow that molds around your head, you hear footsteps coming closer. You hurriedly close your eyes and do your best to act unconscious.

You hear a laugh, but not an intimidating one, it sounded friendly, playful and... slightly familiar. Opening your eyes, you see me standing at the bottom of your bed. I, like you, am wearing nothing but a pair of equally tight cotton panties, although mine are a light shade of blue. You can see sweat rolling down my thighs, and quite a bit over the rest of me. Especially noticeable at my breasts and flushed cheeks. Looking at my face, you feel your ears start to burn as you too blush a light shade of red.

I once again laugh playfully, and start to crawl, like a prowling tiger, up the bed. As my body passes over your crotch, you feel it throb and tingle with pleasure, your clit begins to stiffen, as do your nipples. I stop once we're face to face, and for a second we stare into each other's eyes, our breathing slow and heavy. Your chest rises and falls, you glance down my body, it's smooth curves trembling. A light moan slips out of my lips, my face looks strained, as though fighting for control. As your eyes travel down my body, you see an unusual bump. A slight bulge in my lower belly... could it be...?

Did I have to pee? You wonder, the thought alone making your pussy pound in time with your increasing heart rate. It squeezes out the juices of your arousal, dampening the soft fabric of your panties. Noticing this, I once again laugh, although shakily this time. I slowly change position, I move my tense body to a crouching position, resting on my knees, my crotch hovering above yours. My thighs tremble and more drips of sweat slither down the smooth, quivering flesh.

I stay like that, gasping and whimpering every so often, wiggling the top half of my body. It's obvious I want to press my legs together from the way my thighs jerk and wobble, the twitching of my fingers implies a need to hold myself too. Oh how you wished that you could hold yourself, but for a very different reason of course. You bite your lip and try your best to keep from moaning or panting as my display of desperation becomes more and more frantic. I nearly cry out in a combination of pain and pleasure as a tiny drip slips through my clenched lower lips.

There is no hiding the tiny wet spot on my panties, around the size of a 10 pence coin. Following this small accident, you can't help but cry out, as a huge wave or arousal rocks your body, your rock hard nipples giving you away, along with your soaking vagina and fully erect clit, so horny that I can see them through the moist panties' fabric.

My bladder has grown since I entered the room, you wonder what I could of drunk to get such a fast increasing urge. Looking around the room, you notice through the open door of the bedroom, you can see into the kitchen. On the table is an empty 2 liter bottle of water, and a pack of Diurex Ultra. Your eyes widen in shock and extreme arousal. This won't end well... at least, you hoped it didn't.

A loud groan from me brings you back to the present, you haven't spoken so far but now you finally pluck up the courage and cheer me on, telling me I can hold it, that I can't give in to my bladder, my pee. I had to believe that I was in charge, in control, that the toilet was bad, as was peeing. I had to hold it all in and never let go!

However, unfortunately, all your encouragement does is force me to dwell on my bladders cries for just a little too long, another spurt forces it's way out, my panties now bearing a wet spot of golf ball size. I moan loudly, tears in my eyes and I grit my teeth, clenching every muscle in my body, not even breathing as I try to contain my urine. My bladder has had enough, it can no longer hold it's liquid cargo, it's sides are stretching and my pelvic floor muscles are failing.

With a gasp of pain another dribble breaks free from my pussy, going for a good 2 seconds, my panties now completely soaked, some drips fall and land directly onto your pussy, the feeling of the foreign liquid hitting your pulsing sex is almost enough to cause you to orgasm right then and there. Keeping you right on the edge of the hardest and longest cum you could ever imagine having. With a loud moan I stop the flow of urine and tense my body even more than before, my mind a blur of urgency, I wish for nothing more than a toilet, a potty, the loo. I have to go, please someone let me go, PLEASE!

You stare at my pussy, eyes wide, practically drooling as you see it twitch and shiver through the dripping cotton of my knickers. Again, an extreme wave of desire hits you, as if some voice in your head is physically egging you on to masturbate, you have to resist, you have no choice, your hands are bound, you're at my mercy. I gasp out as yet another leak shoots from my exhausted private parts, this one flying directly onto yours.

You gasp in pleasure as the quick cascade of wee hits you directly on the clitoris, like someone had licked it. Finally, I give in and hold myself, I can no longer stay in my hovering position. I now lie down on you, our beasts touching and my pussy still above yours. I hold myself tighter, my knuckles brushing your sensitive lips as I squirm in despair.

It's then that I feel it, the end of my tether, the final, physical limit of my mortal body... With a trembling whimper, I remove my hands from my crotch and place them either side of your face. I stare into your eyes, my face bright crimson as I half moan, half whisper these words.

"I'm so sorry... I just can't hold it any longer... t-the rain is coming... forgive me..."

With tears dripping from my face onto yours, I let out a long, sexual breath as my bladder claims victory. Instantly, a sea of light yellow pee cascades from my surrendered wee hole, the heated urine steaming as it coats mine and your legs, before soaking the soft white mattress of the bed and even dripping off the edges, onto the carpet. Almost as soon as I lost control, the friction of the gushing pee over your pussy brings you to climax. Your body shakes as you feel it come, like a coil unwinding deep within your soul. You cry out my name and moan long after, as sticky, clear cum bursts from your most sacred place.

I untie your arms and legs, you instantly cuddle me closely, our legs tangle, steaming urine still flowing from between mine, and we roll around the soft, soaking bed. You may have had your climax, but I am yet to have mine... and either way.. you could always do with a second... With a long, passionate kiss, I thrust my hand into your panties as you do the same. I, almost instantly, cry out in pleasure. The sensation of two fingers pumping like pistons in and out of my pussy, while pee still rushes from it's pee hole like a Niagara falls, is mind numbing.

We're in for a long night, without much sleeping~ <3

[THE END]

(I'm not always this lewd, I'm not always this lewd, I'm not always this lewd, I'm not always this lewd...)

