Taking a stab at this fiction stuff

Author: Jodan

*000*2014-08-31 07:52

Short note: I've never really tried to write any fiction related to this kind of thing before. I hope that will be taken into consideration when the reader judges this. The following is entirely fictional, of course.

About a year ago I moved to the town where I currently live and got a job as a short order cook at a small time burger place. Things have gone fairly well, it pays enough to get by and I've been able to meet a few people which can be tough to do in a new place. The first couple of months were crazy, as I was struggling to catch on to the relative high pace of my new work environment. But in time, I got comfortable with my new job, and began to be able to relax a bit more as I went about my daily duties. I started to get to know the rest of the kitchen staff a little better, as well as the waitresses/servers/whatever you would call them for our style of restaurant.

Now, I pride myself on behaving like a gentleman. But I am a guy... so of course I took notice of the fact that we had a few very attractive girls serving food. However, there was one girl in particular, Megan, who I found myself repeatedly getting into conversations with whereas with the other girls it was just, "Good morning, how are ya? Okay see ya later." I found myself really getting along with Megan, and on top of that, she was incredibly cute, usually wearing some kind of very dark jeans or slacks and a white tee shirt to work. She had dark brown hair with just a hint of red in it, green eyes, and she had light complexion but she wasn't pale. As far as body description goes, she was thin, but not skinny. She had just enough weight so as not to look starved and to have a really nice figure. I remember noticing on many occasions how nice her butt was. But, eh... moving along...

After a few months of working together, Megan and I became close friends. We started getting together for drinks in the evenings and she even came on a couple of hikes with me. I was coming to enjoy her company quite a bit. She was always up for doing something fun, always positive and always ​excited about something. She was becoming more and more cute by the minute for me. I never dreamed what happened last weekend would have ever come to pass, however. Something about Megan, she always seems... so level. Like she's always a step or two ahead of the game when it comes to everything you can think of. So when it happened, it kind of took me by surprise.

The town we live in is located right on the coast, and an old friend named Sam from where I used to live was visiting. He enjoys sailing, owns a boat, and heard in online forums devoted to that sort of thing that the sailing in my area is apparently very good. To him, that was a good enough excuse to come to town for a week. The best part of all was that he brought his boat and offered to take me, and a couple other's if I wanted, out sailing for an afternoon. I called Megan and invited her along, and she excitedly accepted the invitation. So it was settled.

The next day at about 1:00 PM, I picked up Megan from her house. She lives a bit inland, so from her place it took us about a half an hour to arrive at the docks where Sam was already preparing the boat, setting up the main sail and so forth. On the way, we had stopped and grabbed fountain drinks from the local Shell station. Mine was almost full when we got to the docs, but I noticed Megan's was empty. I threw both cups in the dumpster before heading down the dock to Sam's boat.

After the initial introductions, Sam told us how he was not too pleased with the conditions this afternoon. He said that it might be a "real drifter" out there, as there was nearly no wind at all. But in the end we decided to give it a shot anyway, and for a short bit there, the wind actually picked up and it was quite exhilarating. Enough so that when the wind died back down and we found ourselves drifting along with limp sails, none of us were overly eager to just call it quits. We fought it for a couple of hours, getting an occasional gust here and there to keep us wanting, but it never really picked back up again. I noticed after a while that Megan had grown quiet and was just kind of sitting still.

I honestly was worried that she was bored. I figured that this just wasn't her thing, so I suggested that maybe we call it a day and head back to shore for some food. Megan agreed and said she was starving, that she hadn't eaten before leaving the house. This made her silence a little more understandable to me still. Sam agreed as well, and said he'd start working us back toward the dock.

Now, this is something I hadn't taken into account; on a sail boat, you can't just point where you want to go and sail there. The wind is blowing from wherever it's coming from, and you have to work with/around it to get where you want to go. This meant that with the conditions at the time, we couldn't just sail back to the dock in a straight line. We had to do a series of turns in a zigzag pattern to get there. It took much longer than expected. I looked at Megan and she looked almost nervous, sitting with her knees pressed together and her hands on her lap, back straight and almost rigid looking. I leaned over and quietly asked if she was okay.

"Oh yeah, just hungry," she said.

We finally got back to the dock and tied Sam's boat up, I helped Megan step off onto the dock and asked her, "Where do you want to head to for dinner?"

"Doesn't matter, whatever's close." She replied.

"Well, you two have fun figuring it all out, " Sam cut in, "I've got to get back to the hotel and catch the fights I ordered on pay per view. It's gonna be nuts!"

We said our thank you's and goodbye's to Sam and went back to my car. Once we got in I noticed something was definitely up. Megan looked very tense.

"Alright, whats up?" I asked bluntly, but kindly.

She looked back at me kind of surprised, "What do you mean?" she asked.

"Are you feeling okay? You seem kinda tense, and quiet." I said.

She kind of sighed and let out a little half smile that quickly disappeared, "Look, I'm sorry. I'm fine. Really. I just... Kinda need a restroom is all."

It suddenly dawned on me that she had drank that entire fountain drink on the way up at 1:00 pm and it was now almost 5:00. I felt kind of bad because I hadn't even taken it into consideration. I should have stopped someplace before we got on the boat. At the same time though, I felt a twinge of excitement at knowing Megan had to pee bad enough to admit it to me. I didn't know how to react or what to say. So I, brutishly, said the first thing I could muster.

"Oh.... I'm sorry. You uh.... gonna be alright?" I said stupidly.

She blushed really hard (which shows up on her cheeks very blatantly) and replied, "... as long as we get to a restaurant soon, I think I'll be alright." After she said this, she shifted in her seat and pressed her legs together. I felt my excitement growing, but I kept it under control. I started to car and we started driving back toward town, which wasn't as far as all the way back to her house, but it was still a good twenty minutes or so.

Apparently being in the car on the way to relief was not helping Megan at all. I noticed after just a few minutes of driving that she was shifting in her seat more often now, and she was starting to get a worried look on her face. Time and miles went by. After about ten minutes, Megan finally said, "I don't know what's wrong with me. This is really embarrassing, but I really have to pee and I don't... I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it."

"I'll try to hurry, Meg. But it's realistically gonna be another ten minutes or so before we get anywhere with a restroom." I replied.

Then she did something that almost made me gasp. She pressed her legs together, leaned forward, put a hand on her crotch and gave it a couple good squeezes. "Oooooh god... just... please hurry." She said.

I kept driving, as quickly as I could but not speeding. By now I was very excited at the idea that this incredibly attractive girl in my passenger seat was obviously dying to pee. I felt sorry for her that she was in such a situation, especially not knowing the kind of effect it was having on her present company, but at the same time I found myself hoping that she wouldn't make it. The idea of Megan having an accident in front of me was something I had never even allowed myself to hope for, and now it was a real possibility.

After a couple more minutes, she gave up completely on being discreet about her need. She was constantly squirming in her seat and clutching herself through her jeans (a dark blue color as opposed to her usual black), I could also hear that her breathing had become shortened and quicker.

I spoke up and broke the silence, "Think about anything else. Think about random things, like weather and things like that, okay?"

She didn't say anything for a second, then asked, "How much longer do you think?"

"I'm not sure, " I said, "not much longer now though. Are you gonna make it?" I added semi jokingly.

Again, she didn't respond right at first, then after a second she said, "I don't know. It's getting really bad. You have to hurry."

I explained that I was going as fast as I could, which I legitimately was, and continued driving. Finally we got into town and Megan was still dry. We stopped at the first place we saw. Before I even had my seat belt off, Megan was out of the car and heading in. When I caught up with her, she had just reached to restroom door and went to pull it open. It was locked. Oh how fate can be cruel and kind at the same time... She tugged on it a couple more times until I finally pointed out the little red lettering in the slot above the deadbold that said "OCCUPIED." We waited for a couple minutes, Megan dancing in place, and nobody came out. Finally she looked at me with tears in her eyes and said, "I can't believe this. This is so ridiculous! I'm like, seriously gonna pee myself here. Like, NOT KIDDING!"

"Well, there's other restaurants up the street, you want to try for one of them? Who know's how long they'll be in this one." I said.

After a little bit of self debate, she agreed and we went back to the car. As she got in she said, "Really, hurry though. I've never had to go this bad before." I actually heard her voice starting to shake as she said this. So we drove down the street a ways and hit a red light. Megan was really squirming around now and holding herself, repeating "oh god, oh god, oh god," under her breath. As we were sitting at the stop light, she suddenly froze up and gasped. She clenched her teeth together said said "Ooooh fuck! Hurry up (insert my name here), I can't hold it!"

The light turned green and I started going forward again, in doing so we rolled through the gutters which caused the car to jolt up and down a bit. Megan moaned and leaned very far forward, legs together and clutching her crotch with both hands. We hit the gutter on the other side of the intersection and she drew in another shutting gasp. "Oh fuck!" she said, and pulled her hands away from her crotch for a second. I glanced down and saw that the crotch of her jeans had a wet spot that was way to big to hide. I saw another restaurant coming up on our right. "Hang on! We're almost there!" I said trying to sound like I thought she might actually make it.

"Oh god... I can't hold it... I can't stop!" was the only reply she had. While still trying to drive, I looked and saw that she was no longer holding her crotch. She was just sitting there looking down at her lap as she starting full on peeing her pants in my car. I pulled into the parking lot as fast as I could and stopped (not even in a parking spot). Megan was still peeing at this point, in fact she was peeing full force and kept saying she was sorry over and over. I could hear a faint hissing sound as she went. Her legs were still tightly pressed together, causing the pee to pool up between her legs before running down between them.

After a few more seconds I could see wetness spreading up on her jeans from underneath her thighs and butt, and a little of the pee pooling in her lap actually spilled over the side of her thighs leaving dark streaks in the denim where they went. I heard pee pouring off of the seat onto the floor board as well. Finally, after what seemed like forever, she finished wetting herself.

She looked up at me, then back down at her now soaked lap and let out a heart broken little sigh, "I'm so sorry. I can't believe that just happened."

I told her that it was okay, that it could happen to anyone, but she didn't seem to be buying it. I told her not to worry about it, even if it couldn't happen to just anyone, and promised I'd never tell a living soul. She seemed a little happier after that, but still upset and embarrassed that she had wet herself at age 23 in front of me. I offered to take her home, and of course, she accepted. On the way there I told her that she really shouldn't worry about it, that I didn't think anything less of her, and that everyone has done it at one time or another.

"Yeah, but not when they're 23...." She replied.

"Well... you might be surprised. " I said.

Of course, she asked what I meant, so I told her about when I wet my pants on the way home at age 21. After that she was much more lighthearted about the whole thing. I took her home and dropped her off. I was lucky enough to at least get to walk her to her door. When she got out of the car I amazed at how soaked her jeans were. The whole lap in the crotch area was soaked with a dark wet stain extending down about half way to her knees, her butt was wet all the way to the waistband and all down the back of her legs was wet as well. The passenger seat was a wreck to be honest. Totally saturated and a puddle in the floor mat. I walked her to her door and said, "Well, sorry it turned out the way it did, but thanks for coming anyway." kind of laughing.

"Yeah... kinda sucks," she replied, "but I had fun otherwise! Thanks for bringing me. And uh... thanks for being so nice about things."

"No worries, any time," I responded. Then she kind of surprised me again by hugging me. It was a close hug too, I actually felt her damp jeans against mine. I was still obviously very excited by all of this, and I fear she may have noticed during the hug, but she didn't say anything. Afterward, we said our goodbyes for the day and I went home to fantasize about what I had just witnessed. The next day I called Megan and asked how she was feeling. She said, "I'm alright. Still seems surreal to me that I actually peed my pants though. I'm so sorry."

Again, I reassured her that I didn't mind at all.

End note: there ya have it. I hope it doesn't suck. Depending on the reaction it gets, I may or may not write more stories. Hope it's enjoyable though.

