Lily & Alex: Train Stop Desperation

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2021-05-19 11:29

Hey everyone! I hope you all enjoy the start of a new series; which is being commissioned by one of you lovely people.

If you want your own, PM me & I'll quote you a price.

For now, enjoy! :

Lily & Alex: Train Stop Desperation

Lily was a beautiful young woman, in her mid-twenties, with shoulder-length chestnut brown hair and deep brown eyes that any man could lose themselves in. Her boyfriend Alex looked towards her with pride, noticing the odd gaze from her work colleagues at the party; staring towards him enviously. Alex smirked and Lily notice this, rolling her eyes at him while giving a slight smile, as she was well aware of the effect she had on other guys. The young couple where in London, celebrating at a work party that Lily had managed to get him invited to; despite Alex not working there.

Currently, she was holding tea; her second of the night. Alex had noticed this, as well as how many other drinks she’d had through the night and wondered if anything would come of it. Nevertheless, he tried to shake those thoughts away.

‘This is her night’ thought Alex. ‘That doesn’t matter’.

Going back to stand with his girlfriend as she and her colleagues chatted about a friend’s holiday, he found his attention wavering to where she often joked it was all the time: Her ass. Wrapped inside a short skirt; with black tights running all the way down her long legs, Alex enjoyed the view immensely and couldn’t wait until they next met up, planning to rip all those clothes off her in a furious, passionate night. Her slim, 5’9 body lay perfectly across his own in bed and despite her small boobs; which she was self-conscious about, Alex loved every part of her.

‘Well, we’d better get going!’ said Lily finally, wrapping her arm around Alex’s waist, as the two waved to a few people and exited through the main doors into the cold evening. Lily shivered slightly, as Alex rubbed her shoulders to keep her warm, before she smiled affectionately at him.

‘Thanks’.

‘No problem. Should we head home now?’.

‘Hmm, not yet. I fancy one of those coffees from Mojo’s’.

‘Sure!’.

Relishing the chance to spend any extra time with her before the evening was finished, Alex grabbed a table while Lily ordered drinks; with two oversized coffees soon arriving. He drank his fairly slowly, while Lily gulped hers down ferociously; causing him to laugh as she briefly had a coffee lip. They stayed like that for a while, laughing, chatting; whittling away their evening together, until finally, Lily gave a content but sad sigh.

‘Well, we’d both best be getting home’.

Lily and Alex walked over to Euston Station, saying their goodbyes on the platform; before the loud roar of the underground took him racing away. Normally, she’d have been sadder to see him go but today, Lily was almost grateful. Her entire body was tense, she was biting her pinky finger nail nervously and trying hard not to sway on her feet or squirm too much on the spot. Noticing several eyes looking towards her, Lily blushed bright red and hoped it was just strangers ogling her; like often happened, rather than people noticing what she really didn’t want them too.

Lily was absolutely bursting for the toilet. She’d realised she needed the loo straight after leaving the café and the additional drinks she’d had at the party weren’t helping at all. Naturally small-bladdered, Lily could feel an immensely heavy feeling in her gut and; as she waited for the next train, couldn’t stop herself from clenching her legs tightly together, her bum shaking slightly, as she squirmed around desperately. Half-smiling in amusement, she knew Alex would love this if he were here. He absolutely loved seeing her desperate for the toilet and while she rarely let herself get to a point like this, she did love teasing him with descriptions and details. When she got home, she’d send him an email of how desperate she got before she made it.

That was assuming she did.

‘Oh fuck me, I need a wee’ she thought to herself; panicked. ‘I’m so full, this is crazy. I haven’t felt this full in so long. Fuck, I drank too much at that party. I feel like I’m about to wet myself!’.

Despite her enjoyment of teasing Alex, Lily got absolutely no pleasure at all around being desperate in front of strangers and felt mortified as she squirmed on the spot, trying not to make her growing pee-pee dance too obvious. After less than half a minute of this, she became incredibly still and remained rooted to the spot; her movements becoming too uncomfortable to bear. Instead, her whole body trembled in the evening cold, as Lily desperately fought not to soak herself on the London Underground in front of dozens of people.

Pressing her hand to her bladder; trying to massage away the aching pain. The liquid now sloshing around inside her was trying to force its way out and Lily’s growing desperation had her more and more worried that she wasn’t going to make it. Fortunately; as she started to become truly scared of this, a loud high-pitched roar came through the tunnel and Lily sighed in relief, seeing the train was finally here. Looking quickly to find a seat; the pressure from standing doing nothing to help her bladder, she was dismayed to find that they had all been immediately taken as far as she could see. There might be some in carriages further down but Lily didn’t trust herself to reach them before hot streams of piss were soaking down her legs.

‘I’ve got to make it to Aldgate Road, it’s not that far home afterwards, only… 30 minutes… fuck! I’ll never make it!’.

Sweating uncomfortably from her desperation, Lily removed her coat and tied it gently around her waist, the pressure on her bladder increasing her temperature to an uncomfortable level. It didn't help that she was blushing severely comma extremely embarrassed that several people were staring at her tightly crossed legs as if she were some desperate young schoolgirl who had forgotten to use the toilet during her break time and was now struggling to make it home without out soaking her uniform. With Lily now rooted to the spot; struggling to move from the pain, she supposed she could hardly blame that thinking.

She couldn't remember the last time she had been this accidentally desperate. Every once in a while, she would wet an old pair of panties for Alex during their foreplay and had even drenched a set of pyjamas with pink lingerie underneath for his birthday once, leading to one of their best ever sex sessions, soaked and dripping on his bed while Alex absolutely went to town on every part of her body; completely ravaging her, to both of their delights. But exposed to a train full of strangers was absolutely no fun at all and the idea of losing control in such a public setting terrified her.

'Fuck, fuck, fuck, there is absolutely no way I am going to make it. If I try to hold on until Aldgate, I'm going to wet myself like a little girl!'.

Realizing that there was no way she was going to make it to her intended destination without completely pissing herself, Lily decided that she needed to get off to relieve herself right now. Seeing that at Moorgate Street station was coming up in the next few moments, Lily steeled herself for a short walk; hoping that she still had the strength to make it, as her body was now in so much pain that she wasn't entirely certain that she wouldn't start to piss her panties the moment she got off the train. Thankfully, as she departed, she found that she was able to quickly race up the stairs; though massively uncomfortable, before spotting that which she had gotten off her train for: The nearby Slug & Lettuce pub. Fast-walking towards it was no longer an option, so Lily slowly waddled towards it; taking far longer than she would have liked, but eventually, she got in.

Making her way inside, Lily felt as if she was about to burst with every step she took; walking around the pub in search of the bathrooms, which; like every other bloody Slug & Lettuce she had ever been in, were not only difficult to find but also located up a huge flight of stairs. By now, Lily found that she did not have the strength to run up towards the ladies’ toilets; knowing that she would lose control of her bladder if she even tried.

Lily could feel her whole body vibrating with desperation and a sudden pang of pain made it clear to her that she only had seconds left before she completely lost control. Stumbling into the toilets, she spotted an open cubicle and; unable to even take the time to make sure her belongings were safe, dropping her coat and bag outside of the cubicle, right as she felt a hot burst of piss soak directly into her knickers, an accident beginning right in front of the toilets she had so desperately sought after for the last half hour. Knowing that she didn't have the time to close the door, she instead yanked down her panties and tights from underneath her skirt, feeling a second stream spray slightly onto the floor, as well as the toilet seat, before the rest thankfully found its target and flowed directly into the toilet, as Lily moaned in relief, her body finally able to relax as the muscles gave way to the torrent of piss now leaving her body.

She knew that she could not have held on even one second longer and had there been any additional delays, she would likely be currently soaking the bathroom floor, her panties, tights, and skirt; rather than moaning in slightly embarrassed relief inside a cubicle, as Lily blushed, realizing that she still hadn’t closed the door. The thought of someone walking in right now made the hairs on her body stand up in embarrassment and she reached out with her foot to close it, slamming the door shut; though having to keep her foot in place to prevent it re-opening, as she groaned once again in relief.

As the began to empty herself, Lily saw the funny side. Often; when she was really desperate for the loo on other days, when she finally got to one, it was a real chore to let go. Her body; tense and scared, would refuse to let anything go. Today, there was no such moment, simply flooding out of her moments before she was ready; with Lily’s frantic clothes removal narrowly avoiding a major disaster. Despite this, she could feel how damp her panties now were and stared at the floor; embarrassed, realising that technically, she had suffered a very small accident.

Once she had finally emptied her bladder into the toilet, Lily cleaned herself and the floor up, wiping away any excess pee from her knickers and applying some deodorant to mask the risk of a smell. Even so, the feeling of her knickers being damp made her uncomfortable; as well as cold, once she was exposed back to the evening chill. Thankfully, she was able to catch another train quickly and even got a seat this time, as she reflected on what had just happened. Despite her embarrassment at nearly being caught short, Lily was smiling.

Her boyfriend Alex was going to absolutely love this. She’d sent him long emails about times she’d been desperate before in public, which drove him crazy with lust; something she found incredibly arousing. Hearing Alex describe how he was stroking his cock to the thought of her squirming around in desperation had made her weak in the knees before and she was certain that this time, the impact would be 10x as strong. This thought alone made Lily’s panties feel a renewed sense of dampness; though this time, not from pee. However, that risk slowly crept back as; by the end of her train journey, Lily had found that her bladder had almost completely refilled.

‘Oh bloody hell, again?!’ she thought nervously, as she got off the train and began walking home. ‘I swear Alex spiked my drinks!’.

Having to stop every few minutes to ensure that she was able to hold on and not wet herself on the pavement slowed Lily down significantly and was incredibly uncomfortable to boot. She was surprised at just how soon it reached similar levels of desperation to when she was on the train but, given how exhausted her bladder muscles had been the first time, she knew that they hadn't had time to heal yet and so were overtaxed trying to restrain even this small amount. Though, with how her tummy was aching and bulging, Lily could hardly tell the difference in how much there would be this time if she lost control.

‘I’m so desperate again! Christ, this is bad! Still, this is going to be so much fun to tell Alex about. Oh my god, his cock is going to get so hard when I tell him that his girlfriend nearly had two accidents tonight… maybe I’ll even tell him that she did have a little one… I just couldn’t hold it. I bet he’ll cum right in his pants. Oh my god, he’s getting me wet just thinking about it’.

Alone in the dark with nothing but her bladder and naughty thoughts, Lily devilishly slipped a finger underneath her skirt as she carried on walking; rubbing it gently against her clit through the lacy material as she let out the quietest of moans. By the time she got home, Lily was absolutely desperate for the loo but; even more pressingly, was horny as all fuck. Her panties were a damp wreck not from leaks but arousal, her tits had perked right up and she continued sitting at her computer and writing Alex an email about everything that had happened.

‘In a few minutes. Right now, I need this’.

Moments later, Lily had fallen into her bed and ripped off her skirt; now openly masturbating through her knickers, as she moaned loudly. The intense pressure in her bladder was now only making her extremely horny, contrasting perfectly with her desperate state, making her feel more vulnerable and more turned on than she’d been in a long time. Her panties were now sopping wet and; pulling them down her legs, she flung them off before sliding two fingers deep inside herself, feeling how wet she already was and what she wished Alex was here to do to her.

She could picture his reaction when he told her. A series of emails; maybe even some videos, describing and showing just how intense his orgasm was, as she would watch his dick explode with cum, while he said how great and sexy she was. Of course, that was only if they were kept apart. If she had him here, the fantasies were endless and Lily’s more frantic fingering of herself reflected that; slipping into a dozen erotic scenarios, as her pussy became soaked and started to drip with arousal and desperation into her bed.

‘I had an accident’ she could picture herself telling Alex, as he moaned and bit into her shoulder, right as Lily bit her lip and moaned, her fingers frantically sliding inside her, as her legs kicked and throbbed with longing.

‘You did, didn’t you, you bad girl! Your panties are soaked! Well, you know what happens to bad girls don’t you?’.

The tone in his voice would be so dangerous and full of lust that she would be compelled to reply, squirming desperately under his touch; while moaning to her own, as she said:

‘They get punished’.

With that, her fingers began stroking, twisting and teasing her breasts; right as Alex’s hands did the same in her fantasy. His kisses would run along and down her chest like a mark of territory and as she pressed her trembling pussy into the bends of her knuckles; screaming in delight, his cock would grind hard against her soaking wet entrance, causing both Lily’s to cry out in lust and longing.

‘Fuck me’ they both said, as Lily’s third finger slid inside her; nearly filling up her tight pussy completely, while her fantasy self-screamed out from the thrill of being fucked by her sexy boyfriend, pounded into her bed like a naughty, wet mistress.

‘Yeah baby, do you like hearing how I almost fucking wet myself? Yeah, I bet you’d want me to release all over your hard cock right now, wouldn’t you? You fucking want me lose it, don’t you? You want me to lose it right here in my bed, don’t you? Don’t you?!’.

By now, Lily had lost how to distinguish between reality and her fantasy; the pleasure from both overwhelming her logical mind, as she fucked herself into her slender three fingers intensely. Quickening the pace, Alex’s cock began to fuck her to the final edge of pleasure, as her fingers did just the same and; in moments, Lily found herself screaming out in unrestrained delight, feeling an immense wash of pleasure.

‘Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck, oh fuck, I’m cumming! ARGH!’.

Lily’s knot of tension in her stomach exploded, her clit pulsating like a drum as pleasure wracked through her entire body, causing her to scream out in delight, punching the bed repeatedly. The waves of delight washed over her body again and again; as Lily basked in pleasure, utterly enthralled by the orgasm and the supressed yet intense burning in her bladder, making the whole thing a hundred times more intense. The pleasure was good, amazing even. But feeling how it blotted out, enhanced and replaced the desperate pain in her muscles; all at once: That was truly divine and Lily grinned dopily; finally coming down from her orgasmic high, snuggling into the bed for a few minutes, though she knew she’d eventually get up and sent Alex his details. He would absolutely adore this.

‘Perhaps’ she thought. I’ll have to recreate this for him someday’.

A wicked smile crossed her lips.

‘He’ll love it’.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*001*2021-05-22 13:43

Hey everyone! I hope you enjoy the latest part of this story commission and know that there is a third part already on its way; coming soon!

If you want your own, please PM me.

Until then, enjoy!

Lily & Alex: Sexual Desperation

Lily was pressed up against the wall. Her boyfriend, Alex, was grinding against her slowly, and he was moaning into her neck, while she squirmed against his touch; trying to enjoy the kisses and love-bites he was giving her. She could feel his fingers, sliding up her skirt and inside her red lace panties, pulling them to the side as his thumb rubbed her clitoris. Her legs were rubbing together with desperation, as she had an uncomfortable look on her face.

Lily was absolutely bursting for the toilet.

She had agreed to drink several pint sized glasses of orange juice, which had led to her current intense desperation in just under two hours. During that time, her boyfriend Alex had been watching her squirm on their sofa and; unable to hold himself back, had begun passionately playing with her body; several minutes ago. However, while he was having an incredible time, as she could clearly tell from how rock hard his cock was against her, she felt incredibly uncomfortable with holding herself and was not especially turned on.

She had known about her boyfriend's fetish for several months, having accidentally discovered it when he had left open his laptop on a Pornhub page, showing a woman in tight jeans; desperately squirming in her bathtub, before losing control and pee ran down her legs in thick, yellow streams. She could still remember his face when she asked him about it; the fear it had caused, even though she was trying to be gentle. He had initially denied all and even suffered a minor panic attack as she continued probing him about it, leading to a much deeper heart-to-heart the next day; having lasted several hours.

Thankfully, they were both extremely comfortable with each other’s sexual interests now but it had still proven to be an issue in terms of how much Lily was willing to indulge in it. While she wanted to do everything possible to make Alex happy, the feeling of dancing around; desperate for the toilet, in front of her boyfriend, made her feel like a dopey brat. She felt humiliated at getting desperate in front of him, as if she was some kind of baby and felt like he would judge her as such. While knowing that would never happen, it didn't make it any easier for her, nor did it help with what he eventually wanted to see, which was for her to lose control completely and wet herself. It was too much for her.

Though she had a small-bladder, she’d trained herself from childhood to hold on, in all circumstances, knowing that she didn’t want to have any accidents. Even for Alex, those instincts were hard to get over. She could enjoy getting accidentally desperate and telling him about it, having done that several times; including recently at a train station. The feeling of managing to hold on; while then teasing Alex, made her feel powerful and always led to great sex. But letting go in front of him still felt too strange for her, too much like she was being immature in some fundamentally ‘icky’ way and; her inhibitions growing too great, she pushed Alex away from her now.

‘I can't do this. I'm sorry’ she said, as Alex withdrew his fingers from her in disappointment.

‘Really? Are you sure?’ he asked, frustrated.

‘Yeah, I'm sorry, babe, it's just really not working for me. All the ways you're touching me and everything is great, you know that, and I love your dick, but I just feel so silly right now’.

‘You’re not silly babe, you’re sexy and you've done it before’ protested Alex.

‘Yeah, once or twice, but those were special occasions, like your birthday and to be honest, I didn't really enjoy it those times’ she admitted.

‘Oh, baby, you know, I want you to enjoy our times together. I wouldn't ask you to do it if I thought you hated them’ said Alex guiltily.

‘I know you wouldn't and I don't exactly hate them. I just… I feel uncomfortable doing it deliberately. It makes me feel really immature and stupid and I just can't get into it. I don't mind if it's a proper accident. Hell, I actually like that a lot more, you know, where it’s not planned but I just can't really find a natural way to do it when you're just watching me squirm about. I feel like I'm some primary school kid whose desperate in school and it just feels really weird’.

There was silence for a few moments, an awkward quiet lingering as Lily straightened her clothes; hoping Alex wasn’t too upset. He didn’t look too happy. However, an idea seemed to come to Alex's head, as his eyes lit up and he smiled. Lily noticed this immediately.

‘What is it?’.

‘Well, you find it awkward squirming around in front of me, because I'm basically just staring at you and, you know, getting horny but not much else… right?’.

‘Yeah, basically’ agreed Lily, smiling slightly at that comment.

‘Well… what if we had a holding contest?’ suggested Alex. ‘That way, we both be doing it, and you wouldn't feel so silly because, either of us could have accidents, or both of us. I think that maybe it's the whole thing of me staring at you and you just feel like you're being watched and judged, even though you know I'm not. So maybe if I was doing it too, it would feel more natural?’.

Lily thought about this and why holding deliberately made her feel so embarrassed. Largely, it was down to the fact that Alex staring at her so consistently; while she was desperate, made her feel uncomfortable and childish. It made her feel like she was doing something wrong, even though he clearly looked towards her because she was sexy. Obviously, she loved Alex looking at her normally but it just felt too strange to separate the ideas of having grown up with good bladder control from what Alex wanted her to do. However, the thought of him dancing around desperately with her made her smile. It was a funny image, and she could imagine relaxing a bit more if it happened. At very least they could laugh about it together and it might help her insecurities.

Lily nodded in as

‘Yeah. Yeah, I think so… okay. Let's give it a try’.

Three days later, they were sitting inside their local pub; having chosen a quiet night, so as not to run into any of their local friends. Both been discussing how they were going to handle the next few hours and agreed they would head home before they got too overwhelmed, where they would finish off the context. As they talked, Alex looked her over. Lily was sitting in a tight pink skirt with blue lace panties on underneath her legs were completely bare down to a pair of flat white trainers, and he was wearing a sexy, cute red blouse with a white tank top on underneath.

‘God, she’s so fucking sexy’ thought Alex.

Alex, in contrast, was wearing a black button up shirt and black jeans with dark brown trainers.

‘He looks so handsome right now’ thought Lily. ‘I’ll get those smart clothes off him later though’.

Admiring his girlfriend’s sexy legs and trying to glimpse up her skirt for a look at what kind of panties she was wearing, Lily noticed and chastised him.

‘Eyes off you!’ she complained, though in a gentle tone.

‘Sorry, said Alex sheepishly. ‘You can't really blame me. You're gorgeous as ever’.

She smiled affectionately.

‘I love you so much’ she said gently.

‘I love so much too’, he replied cornily.

‘Oh, for every drink I have, you have to have to two!’ said Lily suddenly.

‘What? Why?’.

‘Because you have a much stronger bladder than I do. Most guys generally have bigger bladders than women and you know mine’s small’.

‘Oh come on, that's cheating! he said, though he was clearly smiling behind his sight grumpy expression.

Lily smiled at him, and spread her legs open slightly; letting him glimpse up her skirt, his eyes widening as he saw the incredibly sexy blue lace.

‘I can make it worth your while’ she said, taking a long sip of her first drink.

Alex smiled.

‘Alright… Let's begin’.

Over the next two and a half hours, Lily and Alex both began drinking more and more as their needs for the toilet grew gradually worse after the first hour. Lily's legs were routinely crossing; a rare public display of desperation, while Alex was fidgeting in his chair more and more by the second. Eventually, her legs were tightly clenched together, as she squirmed in her seat, while Alex was bouncing up and down in his seat and occasionally having to pace around the table, just to be able to hold on.

Lily was surprised at just how much she was enjoying seeing Alex like this, to watch her strong boyfriend look so unusually timid and shy, worried about his bladder control, was an empowering experience for her. She loved the sight of his body moving in a desperate fashion and actually found herself fantasising about how it would look if he started to wet his pants. She didn't think that she had his fetish before but watching him squirm around, she was more aroused now than she'd been in a long time. Despite not having leaked yet, her blue lace panties were already extremely wet, with her badly wanting to slide a finger down her skirt and tease herself to greater pleasure.

If they hadn't been in such a public place, she might have already done so.

Alex meanwhile; despite his pain, was having an amazing time.

As this was his kink, he enjoyed being desperate; though the public aspect was both frightening arousing. Far more than that however, he was absolutely loving seeing Lily’s desperate expression and the state she was in. Normally, Lily was far too awkward to show any desperation in public, sifting rigidly until the last few minutes of any incoming accident, where she would gradually begin to bounce on the spot. Even then, she kept her desperation; in terms of visible signs, to a minimum. Right now, however, she was openly squirming and crossing her sexy legs, which turned Alex on immensely; his cock bulging and tenting hard in his black trousers, which she hadn't failed to notice.

Normally, if they were doing a deliberate hold, the idea of wetting herself in front of Alex made Lily feel incredibly uncomfortable. Yet today, she felt extremely turned on; feeling far less embarrassed as he was doing it with her. It turned something shameful into something naughty and Lily liked that difference in feeling a lot. She could also see just how pleased it was making Alex, with both happy that this was proving to be such a success. Now, she had to figure out how much longer she could hold it, before they had to rush home.

‘How you doing baby? asked Alex.

‘I am absolutely bursting! I have to piss so fucking badly! I haven't had to go this much in ages!’.

‘As badly as you did when you nearly lost control in the pub?’.

Lily blushed.

‘Maybe… it's getting there for sure’.

Hearing how badly Lily needed the toilet, Alex wanted nothing more than to rip her clothes off and throw his girlfriend against the table, yet he restrained himself, enjoying watching Lily's desperate squirming. He was shocked with how vocal she was being about her desperation, something that was extremely rare, as she generally liked to hide it in public; even in front of him if she could. However, whether unable to do that or not wanting to, Alex was massively enjoying her lack of restraint.

A few minutes later, the pub announced last call, as the two looked at each other; surprised. It turned out they'd been holding for longer than they thought. Desperately squirming from their table, trying not to look too weird in front of the bartender, they walked out and began making the short journey back to their house. Unfortunately, with the amount they had drunk, both were in extremely desperate states and were finding it difficult to walk. Lily was constantly squirming now; both hands between her legs as she shuffled forwards, tightly gripping her pussy. She was extremely worried about having an accident right there.

‘Fuck me!’ she thought. ‘I feel like I'm about to fucking wet myself’.

Alex wasn't faring much better. Despite usually having a stronger bladder, Alex had drunk twice as much as Lily and it had seriously threatened his ability to hold on. He was tempted to stop the competition and try to find a dark place to relieve himself, as he was extremely worried that he wouldn't make it home, terrified of the thought of embarrassing himself in front of his girlfriend like that. Alex wasn't sure he'd be able to bear it if he had an accident first or was the only one to do so.

Despite both being immensely desperate, through a series of intense squirms on the spot, frequent stops to hold and a couple of hair raising moments for Lily especially, where she had extremely brief moments where she thought she was about to leak, they managed to make it home. Quickly rushing into the house, neither was willing to give in and admit defeat to the other; as both danced around desperately in their hallway.

‘Give up baby!’ said Alex, bouncing on the spot.

‘No, I refuse’ said Lily stubborn, continuing to hold tight between her legs, though sweating and moaning as she did. ‘This is so fucking difficult to hold though. Fuck me… I'm so desperate’.

Lily looked directly into her boyfriend’s eyes as she said this and Alex couldn't take it anymore. With both of them now in private, he grabbed her pulled her against his body. Alex’s hands massaged down her breasts and caused her to moan in delight, as he kissed down her neck. Normally, being this desperate wasn’t enjoyable, yet right now; with Alex also squirming against her, she felt a lot less silly, and much more in the moment of erotic thrills with Alex. It was a welcome and delightful change, one that made her feel a lot happier with indulging his kinks and made Alex ten times more aroused than normal; as he sensed how much more Lily was having fun.

Desperately moving with shaking hands to undo his zipper, Alex was far less restrained and grabbing the front of her blouse, tore a massive hole down the front, exposing her breasts. This caused Lily to moan in shock and pleasure at the dominant display. Finally unzipping his trousers, she moaned in further delight at the feel of his rigid hard cock in her hands; dripping pre-cum. Immediately, he began against her soaking wet pussy and she desperately needed more. ‘Fuck me now’ she whispered into his ear, as Alex's arousal skyrocketed to new levels.

‘I need you now before I fucking wet myself’.

‘If we have sex, and both make it through without losing control, then we agree: We both won the competition’ demanded Alex.

‘Fine!’, she said in a strained voice, almost not hearing him through her arousal and desperation.

‘Just fuck me now’.

Alex was only too happy to oblige and grinned in absolute delight, seeing his normally shy girlfriend in such a horny state. Pulling her blue lace panties down her legs, she quickly stepped out of them, as Alex pushed up her skirt and threw her directly onto the bed. However, as he moved to get on top of her, Lily spun him underneath her, starting to pull off his shirt and trousers properly so that she could feel him skin to skin. She wanted their naked bodies grinding and rubbing against each other, as their bladders pressed together, making both even more desperate.

‘This so good Alex, I don't think I've ever been this turned on’ admitted Lily.

This only made Alex go crazier with lust and finally, he slid his iron hard cock deep inside her soaking wet pussy. As he did, Lily felt herself let loose a spurt directly onto his cock and whimpered in lustful embarrassment; lost seconds later in a sea of pleasured moans and screams.

‘Are you losing control?!’ asked Alex enthusiastically.

‘Not yet, she moaned, but it won't be long now. Give it to me. Please’

Alex released all the energy from hours of suppressed horniness, fucking her with a complete lack of restraint. He grabbed her bum tight; spanking her, kissing her neck and then her lips; crashing against them with hot, erotic fury. Each spanking, each thrust deep inside her, each kiss: They all made her shudder with pleasure and the sharp pains, roaring through her bladder. Each one nearly made her wet herself and she couldn't believe how erotic, she found that. Each time she was spanked, it was like she had been put over her boyfriend's lap for misbehaving, spanked for being a bad little girl on the verge of wetting herself.

‘Spank me baby! I’m your dirty wet slut!’ she screamed, unable to believe the words passing her lips but too lost in pleasure to care.

Normally, any comparison she had previously thought of to being treated or made to feel immature; through Alex's fetish activities, made her feel silly. Now, feeling him squirming and thrusting into her, while both horny and desperate, she couldn't believe just how turned on she was. For his part, Alex was in heaven; Lily’s newfound passion for his kink making him shake with pleasure.

He kissed down her chest and took her breasts in his mouth, swirling her nipples with his tongue, sucking them, kissing them, and gently playing with them. At one point, he slid his throbbing hard cock between them; which made her quiver in pleasure and release an obscene number of requests to have him:

‘Get that thick cock of yours between my tits, I’ll lick every drop of cum off your big fucking cock!’.

Her words nearly made Alex totally lose it and cum right over her face, a sight he desperately wanted to see. However, he was able to hold in the arousal he felt, as his desperation was still strong. Squirming on top of her for several seconds in bladder agony, he slid his cock back down her body and re-penetrated her, making Lily throb with excitement and scream louder than ever with delight.

‘Oh my god! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!’ screamed Lily, absolutely lost to the erotic pleasure of the moment; as her bladder burned in pain.

When he felt another spurt of her piss soak his cock; his beautiful girlfriend on the verge of wetting herself completely, Alex knew that on any other day, he’d already be cumming violently inside her. However, the amount of piss he was holding onto was making it more difficult than normal and was prolonging Lily’s bladder torture.

‘Oh baby, please cum for me, please, please, I need to go so fucking badly’ begged Lily, her legs shaking and whole body vibrating with lust and desperation; as Lily let loose another small squirt.

‘I’m trying baby’ said Alex, in a voice halfway between pleasure, frustration and raw animalistic lust. ‘I’m so fucking desperate, it’s so hard to get it out. Talk dirty to me baby’.

A thousand dirty thoughts raced through Lily’s mind in seconds, as she quickly thought of how to tip her boyfriend over the edge before she completely lost control.

‘I've never been this desperate, she admitted honestly, in a voice thick with vulnerability and emotion. ‘Not even when I was in the pub and I leaked. I feel like I'm going to burst at any second. Please, I'm begging you. Please cum inside me baby. Fucking let go and fill me with your cum before I completely lose it. I am about to fucking wet myself. I am going to soak your cock, my body and this bed like a dirty little girl. Let me fucking cum and let yourself cum. I need it. I need you to fuck me. Oh god please, I'm going to wet myself baby. I'm so desperate. Please, please cum inside me! I am so horny and desperate. I can't hold on any longer’.

Hearing his powerful confident girlfriend reduced to lustful begging, while her whole body shook with desperation and his own cock dripped with the piss that she was leaking from her soaking wet pussy: It all combined into one and finally pushed Alex over the edge.

He could no longer hold on and screamed with ecstasy, as he began releasing deep inside her.

Lily moaned in delight as cum filled her pussy. Within seconds, she was screaming from the relief and began to also cum; her own orgasm nearly as powerful as her boyfriend’s. It was the highlight of their sexual relationship for both of them, as they screamed in mutual delight, unable to take just how much pleasure this new experience was bringing to their bodies.

Lily's pleasure was spreading throughout her entire body like a wave, making her jolt and shudder with each new crash against the shores of her skin, causing her to scream in relief and agony, as the muscle contractions made holding onto the contents of her bladder nearly impossible. Her pussy felt like it was on fire from the pressure, yet the rest of her body was in ecstasy, while the contrast was an indescribably sensation of lustful, raw, animalistic, instinct.

She had never generally been one for pain as part of sexual pleasure, though, she did like spanking, and; on very rare occasions, being tied up with a scarf. However, this was driving her into new heights of pleasure, unable to deny that this was unlike anything else she'd ever experienced.

Meanwhile, Alex was in his own version of nirvana. He couldn't believe that after months of struggling to get Lily to indulge him with even the slightest of deliberate accidents, she was now underneath him; screaming with lust, as he fucked her while she was on the verge of completely pissing herself.

Everything about this felt so unreal and perfect: The way his cock was damp with her hot piss. The way she was moaning and clearly, intensely struggling to hold back from the rest of a full blown accident. The fact he was cumming inside her, as she screamed about her intense need for the toilet and how close she was to losing it…

It was the most pleasure he had ever felt during sex.

‘Oh fuck, I'm cumming!’, screamed Alex; though Lily had already felt it.

His whole body was shaking with the force of his release and he had already let out more than half a dozen thick spurts inside her. Normally, he'd have fallen against her chest by now, as they hugged each other in the afterglow, yet; somehow, he still felt at the peak of his orgasm. So he continued, pounding his girlfriend’s body with his cock, the force of each thrust badly affecting Lily's bladder, keeping her on the edge of a total loss of control.

Slowly, after half a minute of intense cumming, Alex's energetic sexual high began to wear off. He slowly pulled out of the gasping Lily, collapsing next to her; breathing heavily. Alex intended to bask in the afterglow for several minutes, as sweat poured down his body. However, Lily was not ready for that kind of relaxation and Alex turned toward towards her, to see that she was desperately clutching between both her legs; with both hands shoved between her pussy, dampening her fingers with pee.

‘Please take me to the toilet. Right now, I'm about to fucking wet myself right now. Please. Right now!’.

Alex couldn't deny her anything with the way she had just begged him and so, he picked up his trembling and desperate girlfriend; with energy he didn’t even know he had. Carrying her towards the bathroom, he felt a slight spurt of piss run over his fingers, as he held her body between her butt cheeks; which she had just sprayed with yet another leak.

‘You're wetting yourself baby’, said Alex; in a thick husky voice.

‘It's coming out!’ she agreed. ‘I need the toilet now!’.

Alex felt near enough the same. Despite having had a brief reprise from his desperation after his orgasm, the intense need to piss was returning with force after his orgasm and his now weakened muscles knew that he didn't have long left to hold it. He knew that letting his girlfriend go first was the gentlemanly thing to do, especially now that the contest was over and there was no public embarrassment to worry about.

Alex did not do the gentlemanly thing.

Instead, he placed her down on the tiled floor, before sliding past and quickly sitting on the toilet seat, much to her dismay, as his own piss began to flow freely into the toilet.

‘Alex you asshole!’ she screamed. ‘I can't… I can't... Oh fuck!’.

In the last seconds before the dam broke, Lily quickly jumped into the bathtub and shook desperately; trying to hold on, so that she could use the toilet after, Alex. However, her body; sensing a chance for relief that had a modicum of decency, as well as being truly unable to wait any longer, decided to make the choice for her.

With both her hands still tightly clasped beneath her thighs; tightly gripping her pussy, Lily's whimpers sounded especially vulnerable, as her whole body froze still, right as the last of her control completely slipped away.

‘Alex… I'm wetting myself.

There was no other way to put it.

Half a dozen small streams burst through Lily’s slender fingers, running quickly down her hands and into the bathtub, while a much thicker stream started emerging from between her legs, slithering its way down in half-a-hundred different directions, pulsating out and overwhelming her body. Lily was swept up in yet another orgasm from sheer relief, having to stabilise herself against the nearby shelves, just so she could remain standing. With the removal of her hands, this only caused the accident to continue that much faster, as Lily continued to completely wet herself.

Alex watched in awe and immense arousal, as Lily lost control in front of him; something he had longed to see properly since the start of their relationship. Knowing that the other occasions had either been pure accidents or not enjoyable on her part had taken much of the pleasure from him; or was a different kind, yet this was absolutely sensational. The look of relief on her face, the embarrassment; yet also the mixture of pleasure and sheer need for this, it all made him weak in the knees and he was certain he would have collapsed onto the floor if he wasn’t already sitting and peeing hard into the toilet.

Both streams rang out loudly through the room, though Lily’s against the bathtub was far louder and both were staring towards it with intense looks. Alex's was one of hunger and arousal, while Lily was more embarrassed. Yet, when she looked up and saw Alex's eyes, she knew it was all worth it and the relief continued to wreak pleasurable havoc through her body.

Piss was flooding around her bare feet; leaving her standing in an expanding puddle, her legs shaking and dripping streams of pee in all directions. It was an intimately humiliating experience, yet one that she found was driving her to pleasure, unlike anything she'd ever felt. Her favourite part was Alex’s eyes, continuing to stare at her lustfully; his cock hardening again as he finished pissing. It made her feel sexier than ever to him. Slowly, her accident began to come to a halt, as her streams turned to drips running down her legs and finally stopped altogether; leaving both of them stunned.

‘Wow!’ said Alex, unable to think of anything else.

‘It looks like I had a bit of an accident’ said Lily, sheepishly grinning.

Alex smiled, stepping off the bathroom floor and into the tub with her, before grabbing Lily for another passionate kiss. Her wet body pressed against him and once again, grinded his throbbing hard cock, as he felt the wetness of her legs, bum and pussy.

‘How can you possibly want more?!’ asked Lily laughing, though starting to feel aroused again as well.

‘It's just because of how sexy you are’ he said honestly, staring at her body.

Lily smiled naughtily and began to slide down the tub onto her knees, which became pressed into her pissy puddle, as Alex moaned in pleasure; his cock sliding into her warm mouth, her tongue running up its length.

‘Let's finish you off’.

Lily began to deepthroat his cock, while her fingers played around with his balls; gently cupping them, as he watched her finger herself simultaneously, only making the whole experience even more erotic; as he moaned repeatedly with pleasure. Alex knew he wouldn't be able to last long and Lily knew it to, delighted with just how quickly she was able to please her boyfriend in this state.

Far from being embarrassed, she now felt powerful and sexy in a way that she never had before; despite being covered in her own piss. She knew that she would be doing this again for him, many, many times…

‘Baby, I can't hold on any longer’ said Alex, whimpering.

‘Cum for me’.

Alex didn't need any further encouragement, the sight of his girlfriend's wet body and expert blowjob completely driving him over the edge. Releasing in thick spurts, Lily swallowed as much of her man’s seed as she could; letting the rest go over her face, splashing her cheeks, shoulders and breasts with huge amounts of cum, until she was dripping white, as he gasped with relief. She loved the tangy, milk-like taste of it and began licking it off her face and body, as Alex collapsed next to her in exhaustion; as they held each other close.

‘I love you’ said Alex emotionally; hugging her tightly.

Lily smiled and hugged him back.

‘I love you too’.

THE END

