Enlightening Exam

Author: Gaarm

*000*2012-12-24 12:31

This is a story that was recounted to me a while ago by a fellow physics student. I’ve taken the liberty of changing the ending to provide a more…. interesting narrative. As you can imagine all personal details and the like have all been change.

A warm feeling wafted in with the light of a fresh spring day. The sky was a vibrant baby blue and there was only the slightest hint of clouds in the otherwise picturesque spring day. Jessica shifted lightly in her bed, bringing the sheets up to cover her head and protect her from the vicious light that tried to wake her. Being an incessant insomniac, she wanted ever last ounce of sleep that she could drag from the day; frustrated with the light, Jessica finally pushed off her covers from her head and gingerly opened her eyes to see 11:38 Tuesday, November 23 emblazoned on her alarm clock. She let her head sink gently back into her pillow as she slowly closed her eyes.

Suddenly, Jessica sat up right in a near panic. Shit it’s 11:38!?! She threw off her blankets and jumped out of bed in one deft move as she quickly grabbed her glasses. Jessica rushed to her dresser and threw open the top drawer.

“Fuck. Fuck Fuck Fuck. I must not have set my alarm clock last night,” she gripes out loud as she took her contacts case out of the drawer. “God damn it! I must have fallen asleep while studying last night!” Jessica quickly glanced over at her bed that has her copy of Classical Mechanics by John Taylor awkwardly wedged between her bed and the wall. She proceeded to hurriedly put her contacts in while throwing off the salmon coloured cami that she had worn to bed last night.

There’s no way I’m going to make it to my exam. God damn it, why does this always happen to me? Jessica quickly grabbed the forest green tank top she had sitting on her chain and donned it, forgoing a bra in the interest of time. My 34B’s will be fine without one; I’m just taking an exam for Christ’s sake.

Jessica looked up after making sure her tank sat right to see that the clock read 11:44. Oh God no; I’m going to be late for this fucking exam. I hate this class more than anything else in the world. Jessica quickly grabbed a light grey ruffled skirt from her open closet and slid it up her bare, toned legs over the purple and pink striped bikini panties she had worn to bed that night to finally rest on her butt that was shaped by the countless hours of soccer and tennis she played. I don’t have time to change these now, I need to hurry. It’s not like anyone will know anyway. With that last thought out of her head, Jessica bolted for the door, grabbing her bag in the process.

As she was leaving her building, Jessica glanced quickly at her phone and saw that it read 11:49. Jesus Christ! The exam starts in six minutes. With a growing feeling of dread Jessica begins to head off towards the exam at a near run. If I make it to the exam in six minutes, it’ll be a fucking miracle.

As she moved away from the shelter of the building, Jessica was buffeted by a strong, brisk spring wind that droves is chilly claws deep into the very center of her being. Fuck, why didn’t bring a coat?!? She felt her nipples harden from the cold as she dashed towards the physics building. Great, the one day I decide not to wear a bra, I get to proudly display my nipples to every aroused guy in the class that so happens to want to look.

Jessica slammed her hand into her thigh at the thought of this. She was tired at constantly being hit on by every guy she came across in her classes. She absolutely despised being the only girl in her classes. It just made it far more obvious when the guys were staring at her chest or ass. As her hand moved away from her thigh, Jessica felt her hand move past her bladder and felt an immediate twinge. Great, absolutely fantastic. First I’m going to be late for my exam, now I need to pee. Could this day get possibly worse?

With this Jessica moved inside the physics building and towards her classroom where the exam was taking place. As she passed the bathroom, she paused and looked longingly. She looked up at the clock in the hall and saw that it read 12:03. The exam already started 8 minutes ago and Jessica knew that she would need the rest of the forty-two minutes remaining if she even hoped to finish the exam. Fuck it, I can wait. And with this, she scurried inside.

Professor Bridge looked up from his laptop as Jessica darted into the room, allowing the door to slam behind her.

“Sorry I’m late professor, I forgot to set my alarm and I over slept,” Jessica said as she extended her arm to receive the exam material.

“You’ve got thirty-nine minutes to work through this, no exceptions,” he balked as he handed her the exam.

Asshole! Can’t you have a heart, you old fuck? Jessica steamed as she took a seat in the back. Before she sat though, she saw the stares from the guys in her class looking at her still hard nipples from the cold. Terrific, I’m late for an exam worth forty percent of our grade, these lecherous douchebags are staring at my nipples, and I need to pee. God why does this shit always have to happen to me?

As Jessica sat down hard in her rage, she banged the side of her bladder into the desk sending waves of pressure shooting down into her nether region. Damn I really need to pee; this isn’t going to make this exam any easier. With this, she began to diligently work on the exam. Fifteen minutes of agonizing silence have gone by and Jessica’s brain and bladder felt taxed.

As Jessica, looked over the next problem she felt a sharp pain shoot down towards her vagina. I can’t even stop holding myself. This is ridiculous, I need to pee and if I get up to go, there’s no way I’ll finish the exam. She looked at the problem. A double spring pendulum being compressed. Great, a Hamiltonian problem; these are the worst. How does he even expect us to finish this in time? These take forever. He probably just wants the entire class to fail.

As Jessica contemplated how to tackle this problem, her mind concentrated on that word. “Compressible.” Why is that so important? It’s no different. With this she immediately thought of her previous classes and learning about the Bernoulli Principle and how it only applied to compressible fluids. God damn it Jessica, stop thinking about this. All it’s doing is making me need to pee worse and it’s not helping me solve this fucking problem.

With her attention reverted back to the exam, Jessica was about to start writing, when an uncontrollable spasm hits her, forcing both her hand into her lap so she can hold herself. In the process, she lets out a small, almost mouse like, squeal that was heard by the guys sitting in front of her. They turn around to look at her, taking an extended stare at her nipples that are hard from the exertion of holding. Why don’t you be more obvious you fucking perverts!!! I need to pee and all you guys can do is picture me fucking naked.

As Jessica began to write again, she clenched onto the hem of her skirt with her left hand as she gently rocked back and forth. All of a sudden, another wave of pressure hit her, and her left hand immediately darted in to control the dam of urine that was waiting to burst forth from her neatly shaven vagina. Oh God no, this can’t be happening. At that very moment, Jessica felt a single, solitary drop of pee escape her and gently slide down between her tight pussy lips before finally finding a home in the fabric of her panties. No, NO!!! I am not going to wet myself like some little three year old in the middle of my fucking college exam.

Jessica tried shifting her weight in order to relieve the pressure, but all that did was cause another, longer spurt to leave the confines of her struggling body to seek refuge in the cotton material of her panties. Oh my God. I can’t hold it anymore. I need to pee. I’m never going to finish this exam and make it out of here without embarrassing myself. Just then, a long, hot jet of her pent up pee escaped her urethra in search of her already moist panties. As it landed in its final resting place, Jessica felt the wetness spread from just in front and below her swollen pussy lips to the bottom of her butt. Jessica gasped as she rapidly moved her hand to her toned ass and felt the wet spot that was now emblazoned on the back of her skirt for the whole world to see. That’s it; I need to go to the bathroom right now. No grade is worth this discomfort and embarrassment. With this Jessica quickly gathered her things and stood up to turn in her exam and run towards the bathroom.

As she straightened up and moved, Jessica felt another hot burst of fresh pee push past her ever cracking dam and spread its wetness into her ever increasingly moist panties. A single, anonymous drop of pee slithered its way down the inside of her left thigh, snaking towards the back of her calf, before finally falling to the ground after passing through her designer flip flops. I don’t even know I can make it now. As she approached the front of the room she could almost feel the eyes of everyone beating down on her. She felt that every single person of her twenty-six person class had x-ray vision at that moment and could see the mess that was already forming in her panties. She was the first to turn in her exam; the professor accepted it, making some remark about coming in late and leaving early, but Jessica was in no state of mind to listen.

She bolted from the room, allowing the door to bang loudly, but not before allowing everyone in the room to look at her hard nipples for one final time. There were even a few inquisitive students that happened to notice a small wet sport about the size of a silver dollar on the back of her skirt, but they quickly moved their eyes back to their exams which they needed to finish.

Jessica moved in quick, awkward steps down the hall towards the girl’s bathroom, leaking heavily with every step. She felt more and more pee force its way out of her with every step, and she became increasingly more frantic. Oh Lord, please don’t let me have an accident. I’m not a little girl anymore; I can’t just pee myself like that. Jessica relinquished the last shred of dignity she had as she plunger her left hand under her skirt in order to try and forestall the inevitable wetting that was going to occur.

She reached the door, but as she moved to open the door with her right hand, she felt and incredibly wave of pressure that forced her to place her free right hand into the crotch of her panties to help stem the heavy leak that had flooded her panties, causing a short jet of pee to run down both her legs, and a separate one to reach the floor. Come on Jessica, you’re almost there. I can’t have an accident this close to the toilet. It’s just a little bit further now. One final dash and you’re home free. With this, she quickly pushed open the door and ran inside.

Jessica darted past the sinks in the bathroom while leaking the entire way. Her panties were now completely drenched and the front of her skirt had begun to get wet as she continued to hold herself. I’m there; I’m almost there. As Jessica turned to enter the stall she froze, and an uncontrollable urge hit her. She felt a spasm worse than she had before, making her bend her knees inwards as she felt a continuous stream of urine push past her hands, soaking her panties and skirt as she tried to stem the flow. Oh God no, no!! Why me, why ME? I was so close, I almost made it. Jessica closed her eyes as she sank to the bathroom floor, still continuing to pee. She was soaked. Her panties didn’t have a dry stop on them, her skirt felt wet and clung to her drenched legs.

Jessica felt a hot warmth on her face as she finally opened her eyes. The light beating in from her dorm window had awoken her. She looked in front of her to see her clock read 11:38 Wednesday, November 24. As she stirred, she felt something weird and not quite right.

“Oh God no, not again”

Gylfi

Thank you all for reading. This is my first story, so any criticisms would be appreciated.

%Enlightening Exam.pdf

*004*2012-12-24 23:02

{{:

First of all, I find this unreadable on the website; the green is okay, but the blue is just a fuzz.

About the story: you're jumping between past and present tense within the story, which bugs me. I like the way the displeasure with the situation is accentuated; it's a nice change from the standard "oh I pissed myself and it was awesome" plot.

}}

Where did I jump between tenses? I was trying to be careful with that, but I probably missed things. I know I probably should have proofed this more.

{{:

My biggest gripe is that your protagonist is too "whiny" and "sweary". Half of her thoughts are just the word fuck. It's probably a bit realistic given the circumstances so I won't knock you too hard but Im not exactly sympathetic to her either when everything starts going wrong. The circumstances themselves are well put together. Just the person experiencing them... isn't.

}}

I tried to use the swearing as a mechanism to make it so she wasn't so relatable. I wanted people to feel sorry for her but not quite really like her. I did make her stop swearing after her first drop of pee. I was trying to show almost a change in her personality with how desperate she became, I just was never sure how well that would come across. What do you mean she wasn't put together that well?

Also, the swearing can also be attributed to the girl that told me the original story, so that might have carried over a bit to much. I'll also try and change up the colour later when I have a bit more free time. Thanks for the comments :)

*007*2012-12-25 06:50

{{:

At first "Jessica steamed as she took a seat in the back.", then "With her attention reverted back to the exam, Jessica is about to start writing".

}}

Yeah, you're right. It seems I tended to switch tenses when I changed to passive voice. I'll change that and along with everything else that needs to be fixed

*010*2012-12-27 05:40

{{:

If this is based on a real experience and not a fictional work, it should go in the wetting experiences section. What I meant by not put together well is that she isn't really... memorable. I don't get to know her character. She just swears a lot when things go wrong. I mean, if that's her in real life then good! But other than that... It's written well from a technical point of view. But one can only improve.

}}

It was just a fictional story based off a fellow physics major I used to see, who once told me a story of how she really needed to pee during a Classical Mechanics exam. I made up everything about this other than her personality traits and the way she dressed. Not getting to know her was probably more of a result of my individual style, which tends towards the situational, and the characters are ancillary. I'll try to change it up in the next story.

On a different note, what did people think of the ending? I had written something else, but completely deleted the other two paragraphs I wrote in favour of a less conventional ending. I'm just not sure if people really got what I was going at

*012*2012-12-29 07:53

{{:

Was it all a dream or is it deja vu? XD

}}

I was trying to illicit that response from people. I really wanted people to leave questioning what happened.

Also, don't worry about the criticisms, I appreciate all the feedback

