Go Go Power Rangers - Page 2

Author: desperation_fan

*025*2021-08-14 20:53

I think I may have the beginning of an idea for a Cassie and Ashley story set between Space and Lost Galaxy. Possibly crossing over with Time Force?

EDIT: upon beginning to outline the idea, it is now focused on Kendrix from Lost Galaxy, with some Maya, Cassie and Ashley omo included.

And maybe something with Karone/Astronema.

*026*2021-10-08 02:32

Chapter Five

The Astro Megaship zoomed across the sky. On board, The Lost Galaxy Power Rangers were making preparations for their upcoming mission. Through their ally, former Pink Ranger Karone, aka Astronema, former enemy of the Space Power Rangers, they had learned that a group of rogue space pirates had captured the Space team. They were currently being held on a small, barely inhabited planet in the Beta Quadrant. Karone had learned of their situation via one of her underworld contacts who had still not received the message that she was one of the good guys, now. They had informed her that two days prior, the Space team had been answering a distress call, when they were ambushed by the pirates. They had been taken prisoner and were now going to be auctioned off to the highest bidder. The auction was in three days. They were to be transported to the auction location the following day. The team had roughly 36 hours to rescue them.

And so it came to pass that the five Lost Galaxy Rangers were on their way to a planet, identified on their radar only as "120F", named for it's highest temperatures. The team was preparing for their mission. Leo and Kai were checking over their weapons. Damon was programming the emergency autopilot. Maya and Karone were studying up on the terrain. And Kendrix...

Kendrix was working on her third bottle of water since they had left Terra Venture. The two previously discarded bottles laid behind her on the floor. Swallowing her last mouthful, she lowered the bottle, gasping. That was a lot of water in such a short amount of time. She took a deep breath, then raised the bottle to her lips, taking another sip.

"Um, Kendrix?"

The Pink Ranger coughed, spitting out half the water in her mouth. Maya was standing behind her, a smile on her face. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," Kendrix answered, still coughing a bit. Her face was almost the same shade of pink as her costume, partly from coughing, partly from embarrassment. "You just startled me, that's all."

"Sorry about that. It's just I noticed you're drinking a lot of water..."

Kendrix laughed. "Oh, yeah. It's just that I read about this planet we're going to." Maya rolled her eyes as Kendrix continued. "The temperature gets as high as over one hundred and twenty degrees Fahrenheit! So I figured, better hydrate myself before we get there."

Maya nodded. "Okay. But what if... I mean, that's a lot of water, Kendrix. What if you have to... go?"

Kendrix laughed. "Oh. Haha, I'll be fine. If the planet is that hot, I'll probably sweat most of it out!"

Maya nodded. "If you say so. But personally, my bladder hurts just watching you drink all that water!"

Kendrix gave Maya a friendly punch to the arm. "I'm an adult Maya. I think I can manage."

###

Half an hour later, the ship landed at the edge of 120F. The team exited, but Kendrix was noticably slower than the others. As she hobbled behind the rest of the team, she could feel the four bottles of water she had ultimately consumed sloshing around her belly. Her bladder was slowly beginning to fill and she knew it wouldn't be long before she had to go to the bathroom. As she stepped out into the desert that was 120F, her heart sank down to her bladder. It wasn't very hot at all, at least not as hot as she had been led to believe it would be. She was already starting to squirm as she realized she had made a critical error in judgment...

"So, we had a ways back, but it was the only way to not let them know we were coming," said Karone. "The Space Rangers are being held in a warehouse about six miles out. According to my source, they have already been carbon-frozen and packed away for the big transport. So we'll have to unfreeze them on-site, before we escape. The good news is, once we've freed them, we can use our weapons and vehicles to get out of here. We want to stagger ourselves, so that we don't attract attention. We go in pairs, six feet apart."

"Kai and Damon are group A, you two go first. Maya and Kendrix, hang back about a minute, then follow them. Karone and myself will bring up the rear," said Leo. "Now come on, let's rescue our friends."

Damon and Kai took off, careful to keep six feet of distance between them. Kendrix watched them, but she was distracted. She could feel the pressure building up inside her. Her thighs were pressed together, an unconscious act, as her need was not yet critical, but she was already aware of her bladder, as it grew inside her abdomen. It wouldn't be long...

"Kendrix! Go!"

She was startled, as Leo's voice brought her out of her reverie. She looked up to see Maya several steps ahead of her, looking back impatiently. "Sorry," she muttered. Embarrassed, Kendrix hurried to catch up with Maya.

"What's wrong with you?" Maya asked.

"Nothing," Kendrix said, irritably.

"I didn't mean it like that. It's just that you're usually Miss Punctuality. It's not like you to daydream."

"I wasn't daydreaming."

"Okay, well whatever you were doing..."

"Kendrix leaned in and whispered, "I need to relieve myself..."

Maya giggled a bit, then quicky hushed herself. "I warned you about drinking all that water!"

"I know!" Kendrix moaned, her need growing more urgent by the second. Those four bottles had caught up with her and fast. "What am I going to do?!"

"Okay, well, how urgent is it?"

"It's getting pretty urgent," Kendrix admitted. "I don't suppose there'll be a ladies room around here, do you?" she asked with a nervous laugh.

Maya frowned. "Seeing how we're out in the middle of nowhere on a planet filled with nonhuman inhabitants, I'd say it's unlikely."

"I know, Maya. It was a joke." Kendrix forced a smile, but nothing about this situation was a joke, at least to her. She was getting pretty desperate to relieve herself. She stopped in her tracks, squeezed her legs together and leaned forward, allowing one hand to hold herself down there.

Maya looked at her friend, sympathetically. "Well, maybe we can find a place where you can pop a squat!"

Kendrix looked at Maya, baffled. "Pop a... what?"

Maya grinned. She loved Kendrix, but her friend wasn't much of an outdoors girl. "Pop a squat. You know... pee outside?"

Kendrix's eyes became as wide as saucers. "But... I've never done it outside! How do I do it outside? What if I go on my clothes by accident?!" The poor girl was so flustered by the mere thought of urinating anywhere but in a toilet. She didn't even use terms like "pee" or "poop" to describe her bodily functions. In fact, just discussing it with Maya was the most she had ever talked about... that act... with another person. It just felt wrong.

Maya stopped walking and placed a hand on Kendrix's shoulder. "Slow down, girlfriend. We'll get through this together." Maya got Karone's attention and, without saying a word, managed to explain the situation to the former Pink Ranger, who merely nodded. Maya grabbed Kendrix's hand and led her off the path, onto a dirt road.

Leo looked at Karone, who shrugged. "Girl stuff." Leo just nodded and kept moving.

Maya started to run, dragging poor Kendrix behind her. "Maya! Slow down! Full bladder here, remember?"

Maya slowed down. "That's why I was running."

"I know, but I'm trying not to soil myself, too."

"Sorry," Maya replied. The two women looked around. "Seems like a good spot. Secluded. Safe."

Kendrix nodded. She and Maya stood, staring at one another. "So... um... now what?"

Maya couldn't help but smile. "So first, you need to stand with your legs about shoulders-width apart."

Kendrix did as she was told.

"Make sure you keep you feel sturdy like that. Now... pull down your pants, to about your knees."

Kendrix's face was bright red at just the suggestion, but she started to unbutton her pants. As she prepared to pull them down, however, she felt a tingle in her back, then her whole world went dark...

###

"Where are Maya and Kendrix?" asked Leo, looking annoyed. He and Karone had caught up with Damon and Kai about halfway from their destination. They had decided to give Maya and Kendrix a chance to catch up, but now it had been fifteen minutes and no sign of them.

"Maybe they got lost?" Damon suggested.

"Why did they even go off the path?" Kai asked.

Karone and Leo looked at one another. "Girl stuff," they both answered.

Suddenly, they heard an engine. "Hide!" Leo commanded and the four quickly ducked behind the trees. As a flatbed drove by, Karone gasped. Maya and Kendrix stood on the flatbed, chained to a grate. Both women seemed to be in a trance.

"They've been captured!" Kai said, angrily.

"Damon!" Leo said. He didn't need to say anymore. Damon pushed a button on his Morpher. Within seconds, the Megaship was there. "Kai!"

"Already locking on to their coordinates!"

"Karone!"

"Ready to fire when we get within range!"

The ship flew after the transport, quickly catching up. Karone pushed a button, causing a laser to hit back wheel of the truck. It sputtered, but somehow managed to keep moving. As it approached a large rock wall, Leo narrowed his eyes. "Get ready guys. We're going in."

The wall opened up as the truck got close. Karone took control of the ship as Leo, Damon and Kai took their positions. "Ready?" Leo asked. His teammates nodded.

"GO GALACTIC!!!"

In a flash, the Red, Green and Blue Rangers were battle ready. They leapt out of the ship and onto the back of the truck. As the truck grinded to a halt, the Rangers were already engaged in a battle with the space pirate goons. The pirate driving the truck quickly began unloading their cargo, even as the battle raged on around them. Kendrix was closest and the alien quickly unchained her and began carrying her paralyzed for to a large contraption.

Damon spied a storage locker and realized the Space Rangers were probably being held in there. As Damon made a move for the locker, Leo and Kai continued to battle the pirates, while Kendrix was placed inside the machine. Damon busted open the storage locker, revealing the carbonite slabs containing the five Space Rangers, all in civilian forms. Suddenly, the entrance to the lab bursts open, thanks to a laser from the Megaship. Karone steps out.

“Well, that took a few more shots than I thought it would.”

The leader of the pirates flips on the machine, beginning the process of freezing Kendrix in carbonite.

“Karone!” shouts Leo. Karone turns her head. “Kendrix!” Karone nods then leaps over a group of pirates, landing in front of the leader. She dispatches him with a few swift kicks, then flips off the machine. Kendrix is encased in carbonite from the waist down.

Kendrix opens her eyes and blinks several times. “Wha-what happened?”

“Shh...” said Karone. “Relax, you’re OK. We’ll get you out of this, promise.”

“Karone? LEO!” Maya had recovered from her paralysis.

“On it!” Karone shouted, then leapt onto the truck to unchain Maya.

Kendrix was still groggy from the paralysis and being partially frozen. Suddenly, she remembered. She was desperate for the bathroom! Her bladder was so full that it hurt, but she was currently unable to do anything about it, her lower body being frozen. She could only whimper as the battle went on around her. Karone leapt over and took down a pair of pirates who were sneaking around the machine. “Kendrix, I need to borrow your Quasar Sabre. We need the full team!” Kendrix moaned, but put her hands together, producing the source of her power, which she handed to Karone. “Thanks. We’ll free you soon, promise!” She turned. “MAYA!”

Maya looked up and nodded. Both women leapt into the air.

“GO GALACTIC!!!”

The Yellow and Pink Rangers drew their blasters and fired on the carbonite prisons the Space Rangers were stuck in. As the casing shattered, Andros, TJ, Carlos, Cassie and Ashley collapsed the ground, coughing. Andros looked up.

“Thank you, my friends.” He looked at his team and nodded.

“LET’S ROCKET!!!”

The Red, Black, Blue, Yellow and Pink Space Rangers drew their weapons, as the two teams of Rangers quickly took down the pirates. Maya was just finishing a few off when she heard a tortured cry. “MAYA!!” It was Kendrix. “Please… I can’t… I can’t wait any longer! I HAVE TO PEE!!!”

Maya looked over and saw her friend’s face was contorted from the energy she was exerting to hold in her urine. The poor girl looked like she was about to pop. “Guys! I got Kendrix! Get out of here!” As the others ran towards the cave entrance, Maya fired her blaster at Kendrix’s lower body, breaking the carbonite casing. She ran over to her friend, but Kendrix shoved her out of the way and went to run…

But her legs, still numb from the combination of the paralysis drug and the carbon freezing, gave out on her. She fell to the ground and as she did, she started crying. She could feel her poor bladder begin voiding itself, the warm liquid flowing out of her body and into her pants. She could feel her pants getting soaked as she lay on the ground, wetting her pants. Unable to control it or stop it, all she could do was cry. Maya held her hand, until she finally stopped going. Kendrix looked up at Maya, trying to force a smile. “You were right. That was too much water….” Her eyes started to well up again. “I just peed my pants.” She began crying again as Maya squeezed her hand, trying to comfort her…

TO BE CONTINUED

*030*2021-12-29 18:09

Hoping to get a new chapter out before the year ends. I'm halfway done, just trying to figure out how to proceed going forward. I will say that this chapter will feature the same five ladies who appeared in the most recent installment.

*032*2022-01-09 18:40

Chapter Six

It was one hour later. Kendrix had showered and changed into a fresh uniform, and was now sitting in her room, when there was a knock on the door. She frowned. She didn't feel like talking to anyone. With a sigh, she looked up. "Come in."

The door opened and Maya, Karone, Cassie and Ashley entered the room. Kendrix turned away, embarrassed to look at her fellow Rangers. Maya walked over and sat next to Kendrix on the bed. The others followed her lead, Karone sitting on a chair, while Cassie and Ashley sat on the floor. Maya put her arm around Kendrix.

"It wasn't your fault," she said.

Kendrix's eyes were filled with tears as she looked at Maya. "Yes it was. I drank all that water. I put both of us in danger. What if you had been the one frozen instead of me?"

Karone raised her hand, a sly smile crossing her face. "Your pants would've stayed dry?" Maya glared at Karone, but Ashley and Cassie were stifling giggles.

"I'm going to go down in history as the Power Ranger who wet her pants," Kendrix moaned, covering her face in her hands.

"If there really is a history book for Rangers who peed themselves, I'm right there next to you," said Cassie. Kendrix and Maya looked at her in surprise.

Ashley smiled. "Yeah, me too. Female Rangers peeing their pants is more common than you think. I remember this one time, back when we were still using the Turbo powers..."

###

"We had just become Power Rangers, inheriting the powers from the previous team. Tanya, the former Yellow Ranger, had chosen me to take over her role as a Ranger. I was still very inexperienced when Divatox launched an attack on my school's cheerleading rally. I was on the squad, so I was the first Ranger on the scene..."

Ashley waited while the rest of her team and the audience ran away, then she confronted Divatox, Elgar, and the Piranhatrons. Assuming a battle stance, she looked at the villainess.

"I think you're a little old to be trying out for the team, Divatox," Ashley snarked.

"Old?! Oh, you'll regret that! Get her!"

The Piranhatrons rushed Ashley, who began punching and kicking them, knocking them back. Divatox grabbed Elgar by the back of his neck and threw him towards Ashley. "Get her, you fool!"

Elgar lunged at Ashley, who sidestepped him, then kicked him in the backside, knocking him down, face first. She then turned to Divatox. The villainess snarled. "I didn't come here to be thwarted by a meddlesome teenager!" With that, she raised her hand and pointed at Ashley. A white light erupted from her fingers, knocking Ashley back. "Oof!" The teenager's head hit the bleachers with a thud, knocking her out.

"When I woke up, I was tied up. I don't know how long I was unconscious for, but I had to pee like a racehorse!"

"Where am I?!" Ashley asked, panic gripping her voice. Her ankles and wrists were tied up, her arms pulled back behind her back. She was laying on a cold, dirty, metal floor. She felt a familiar pressure in her lower tummy. She groaned as she realized she had to pee. "I have to go to the bathroom!!" she shouted, hoping someone would hear her. Her bladder throbbed within her. She regretted all the water she drank earlier, but it had been hot, and she'd been thirsty.

"And besides, I hadn't exactly counted on being kidnapped!"

"Hello?! I really need to use a bathroom!! Please!!!"

Nobody came. Ashley was getting frustrated. She was tied up, presumably on Divatox's sub, with a bladder that was dangerously close to exploding. She moaned and squirmed, even though it was all in vain. She took a deep breath, then screamed:

"I'M GOING TO PEE MY PANTS!!!"

No answer. Ashley sighed. It was time, but she wasn't looking forward to this. She took a deep breath, tightening her stomach muscles, then slowly let it out, allowing all her muscles to relax. She felt her urethra open as her bladder began to release its contents into her undies.

"I was so embarrassed, seventeen years old and peeing my pants. But I couldn't help it. It was so painful to hold back."

Ashley lay on the grate, her pee puddle pooling up around her. Because her ankles were tied together, she was unable to spread her legs too much. As a result, her pee soaked her inner thighs, then trickled down her legs. She felt so gross, but she couldn't deny the relieved feeling she had now that her bladder was empty.

"I ended up sitting in my own piss for half an hour before the others showed up. Thankfully, most of the piss on the floor and my legs had dried up, so Justin and Carlos didn't notice. As soon my hands were free, I morphed. Luckily, Alpha washed my clothes for me, no questions asked and had them back by the time I demorphed."

###

"Gotta love the power," said Karone.

"Definitely," Ashley agreed.

"I never knew about that!" Cassie said.

"Not everybody broadcasts their bodily functions to world," Ashley said, causing the others to laugh. Cassie certainly wasn't shy about her bathroom visits. She always talked about her "tiny Asian bladder" and how frequently she had to relieve herself.

Cassie laughed. "Ok, fair enough. But I was thinking of that time TJ and I were thrown in jail on that Gamma planet..."

Ashley and Karone groaned. They had heard this story more times than they had cared to.

"Wait, I wanna know!" Maya said.

Kendrix looked up, curious. It was such a revelation to her that other Power Rangers had apparently soiled themselves in the line of duty.

Ashley and Karone sighed, while Cassie grinned. "It all started when we were still searching for Zordon..."

###

"TJ and I had set out to this planet, Gamma wherever..."

"GamaMatrix," Ashley offered.

"Um, this is my story, okay?"

So, TJ and I had set out to GamaMatrix, hoping to get a lead on Zordon's whereabouts. However, we didn't count on the inhabitants having an antihuman policy. We had only been there for about thirty minutes, when we were suddenly getting shot at with arrows and lasers. We ran for it, but they activated this invisible fence, which shocked us almost to death!"

"Not that drastic," Karone interjected. "The GamaMatrians take their prisoners alive. And it was your own fault for not radioing their leaders first."

"Hey, I'm talking here! So, we were writhing on the ground in pain and that was when my bladder voided itself. Laying on the ground, convulsing and peeing my designer jeans!

They took us to a holding area for interrogation. The holding cell was gross, by the way. Dirt floor, smelled like poop and the toilets were not designed to humans! Because of course, after two hours in detainment, my tiny bladder filled up again! TJ had to go, too, but you know guys can just whip it out and piss wherever. So I was stuck having to hold it!"

"Why didn't you just pop a squat?" Maya asked.

"Why do you all keep interrupting me?! I couldn't do that, because there were about two dozen guards watching me! I wasn't about to give a free show, you know! So anyway, I'm there, trying not to pee myself, when I felt my stomach rumble..."

Karone and Ashley groaned, while Maya and Kendrix responded with an "ew!"

"Yeah, that's right, code brown! Number two! Right there on some alien planet! So now I'm doubled over, holding my stomach, while crossing my legs and doing the freakin' pee pee dance! I thought I was gonna explode, through one end or the other!"

"Oh my gosh," said Kendrix. "That is soooo gross..."

"Yeah, well I was in so much pain at that point, I wasn't concerned about how "gross" it was. Cause I had to go! So, I ran over to the corner of the cell and started pulling down my pants. Poor TJ wanted to cover me, but I couldn't subject him to what was about to happen. I got my butt free, but then, it just happened! I ripped this nasty fart, then my booty just exploded!"

Maya actually started gagging at Cassie's description. Kendrix looked a bit green. Ashley and Karone couldn't help but smile. They had heard this story so many times, but it was funny seeing someone hear it for the first time.

"So, I'm frantically trying to get into a proper pooping stance, when I suddenly feel a splash from my front side soak my pants and crotch. I peed my pants again!"

"What?!" Maya asked, incredulously.

"No way," Kendrix added.

"I kid you not, I was hunkered down in the corner of this cell, ass hanging out, making the grossest brownies in the world, while at the same time, there's a waterfall coming from my you-know-where and my poor designer jeans were just ruined!"

###

Maya and Kendrix looked at one another. Ashley cracked a smile. She could tell they were trying to figure out if it was true or not. "Trust us, it happened," she said. "Poor TJ was there and confirmed the whole thing."

"He also got her to add more fiber to her diet," Karone said. That got a laugh from everyone.

"Okay," said Kendrix. "Maybe I'm not the only Ranger to wet herself, then..."

Maya took Kendrix's hand. "It happens to everyone. We're human, Kendrix. We pee... and poop..." she added, looking at Cassie with a wink. "...just like anyone else."

"Heroes and villains alike," Karone chimed in. "I remember when I was Astronema. Dark Spectre had me fitted with these implants that made me completely evil, but also completely focused on one mission, conquering the galaxy. And that one track mind meant I ignored things like bodily functions, which led to more than one accident. Imagine, the Queen of Evil, peeing her pants, because she was so focused on her goal of world domination."

"Like you weren't scary enough, now we know you were kicking our butts half of the time in wet pants!" Cassie said with a laugh.

Kendrix laughed as well. "So, I guess we all have a pants wetting story, huh?"

"Wait, what about Maya?" Ashley said.

"Well, I've never wet myself, but that's because I'm so used to popping squats whenever I have to. But there WAS one time where I was so desperate, I almost peed my pants."

"Well? Share, Maya!" Cassie said, just a bit too eagerly. The others laughed.

"Yeah, share, Maya!" Ashley and Karone added. Maya looked over at Kendrix, who grinned.

"Yeah, tell us!"

Maya smiled. "Okay, here goes..."

TO BE CONTINUED...

*034*2022-01-09 19:02

In this case, the cliffhanger was less for suspense and more because I need time to come up with a situation for Maya lol

*036*2022-01-24 21:02

Update on where I'm at:

I have no idea how this installment with Maya is going to conclude yet lol

I am actually ready writing a story about Kira from Dino Thunder. I just don't have access to episodes of that season for her clothing. Does anyone remember if she wore a civilian outfit with a skirt?

I have an SPD story planned with Syd and Z that should be fun.

And I have a multipart idea for Mystic Force, including Maddie, Vida, LeeLee and Clare.

Beyond that, I don't know. My knowledge of seasons between Space and Dino Thunder, and post-Mystic Force is limited. But I'll see what I can do. I'm also open to revisiting seasons I've already done, so there's that.

*038*2022-01-24 21:35

{{1 minute ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Yes I believe she did wear an outfit like that:

}}

Thanks! I'm so inept at Google for images lol

*039*2022-02-02 15:08

Update: the Kira chapter is done! The Z and Syd chapter has been started. Still not sure what to do about Maya, though. Gonna try to brainstorm something, but don't be surprised if it's the usual long wait between chapters again.

*040*2022-03-06 21:21

Part seven

This chapter is Maya's story that was teased at the end of the previous chapters. As always, any characters depicted in this series are intended to be at least 18, if not older as defined by the series in question.

Maya ran through the woods. She had been separated from her Ranger partners during a mission and was now running for her life. She was breathing heavy, exhausted from fighting and running. Sweat dripped down her forehead and her hair was soaked. Her shirt was moist and clung to her upper half as she could feel her body slowing down.

It had started several hours ago, when Maya, Leo and Kai were on a stakeout mission to try and capture one of Trakeena’s generals. Damon and Karone were on standby back at the base on Terra Venture. The Yellow, Red and Blue Rangers had managed to sneak into the alien army and had been following along. As it had been such a hot day, all three had drinking steadily and as a result, all three needed to stop and relieve themselves. Leo and Kai unzipped by a pair of trees, while Maya found a frock of bushes to take cover behind. As she began undoing her skirt, however, she heard enemy fire. “Maya, run!” Leo had shouted. Maya took off, forgetting all about her need as she ran from the unseen threat. She heard lasers firing and Kai groaning. When she turned back, she saw that Kai and Leo had been captured. As she stopped, she could feel some unseen force descending upon her, prompting her to run again.

Now, she was several miles out, exhausted, disheveled, and dying for a pee. She saw the lake in the distance and figured she could stop at the water’s edge to pop a squat. Unfortunately, as she slowed down, she could again feel the unseen presence near her. “Who’s there?!” she called out as she forced herself to keep running.

“HAHAHAHA!!! Yellow Ranger! Trakeena dispatched me to deal with you and your petulant friends! You cannot see me, but I am present. As long as you keep moving, you might have a chance. But once you stop, you will be mine!” The monster sounded feminine, but who could really tell with unseen demonic alien forces? “I have already placed a part of myself inside you, Ranger. As long as you keep moving, you’re safe. But the second you stop moving, I will be able to trap you! And don’t bother tying to morph, it won’t help!”

“Great,” Maya thought. “I’m exhausted and look and feel like hell, plus I think I’m gonna burst if I don’t stop to pee!” Out loud she tried to plead her case, even as she continued to run. “Please! I’m already worn out! I need to rest! And perform biological functions! I wouldn’t be able to put up a fight right now if I wanted to! Please, just let me go! I promise, I’m no threat to you!”

“HAHAHAHAHA!!!! Oh Yellow Ranger! You think I don’t know what’s happening to you?! Your body is wearing down! You’re on the brink of collapse! You cannot run forever! And even if you could, you can never escape me!”

“Crap, she’s right!” Maya thought. Her belly ached from the fullness of her bladder, which was considerably slowing her down. She just wished could let it all out, but the monster was never going to give her a chance. As she ran, her thighs felt like they were on fire. Her legs were going to cramp so bad later on. And her bladder felt like it was going to explode. She had never wet herself before. Living in an outdoor community her entire life, the world had been her toilet. In fact, living on Terra Venture had been such a culture shock for her, as toilets and bathrooms were a foreign concept in her mind. The first time she had needed to go after joining the Rangers was an ordeal, since to her, it was simpler to just lift her skirt and let it flow. But her teammates had explained proper “bathroom behavior”, as she called it, to her. But her time living in nature had been helpful on missions, as she was never the one slowing them down because she had to pee.

But now, she was stuck, desperate to relieve herself, but unable to stop moving for even a second to take care of herself. As she ran, she felt her skirt snag on a tree. “Damn it!” she exclaimed, as she desperately tried to free herself, even as she could feel the monster on her.

“I’ve got you now, Yellow Ranger!”

Frantically, she lunged forward, losing most of her skirt in the process. With her bare ass now hanging out (she never wore underwear, despite Kendrix’s insistence. Karone had been far more accepting of Maya’s quirks), she continued running, the only part of her skirt still intact being the waistband. As she ran, she suddenly realized she COULD pee without wetting herself! As she ran, she allowed her sphincter muscles to loosen (no easy task when trying to run for her very life) and smiled brightly as she felt her pent-up pee begin to exit her body. She sighed with relief as her bladder deflated. As she basked in the wonderful feeling of release, she heard a loud scream. It was the monster! “WHAT IS THAT FOUL SUBSTANCE?!”

Maya was confused as she stopped running. Her bladder was still emptying, but no longer feeling the monster’s presence, she allowed herself to collapse into a squat, allowing her to more easily and comfortably finish voiding. “IT BURNS!!!” Maya didn’t understand at first, but then began to giggle, as the realization set in. Giggling gave way to laughter, as she realized that her pee had harmed the monster and freed her from it’s grasp. As her stream tapered off, she stood up, feeling like a brand new woman. “OK Leo, Kai. I’m coming to rescue you!” She ran off in pursuit of the monster…

###

“Wait,” Ashley said. “Are you saying you hurt the monster… by PISSING ON IT?”

“Yeah,” Maya said with a shrug.

“OK, now I’ve heard it all!” Cassie chimed in.

“I mean, it kind of makes sense,” Kendrix spoke up. “It’s a different physiology. Human urine is acidic anyway, so it stands to reason that it could be harmful to a different biological lifeform.”

Everyone looked at Karone. Surely she knew something about this.

“What? No, I never blew up a monster my pee!”

Everyone laughed at that. Maya turned to Kendrix. “So, feel better?”

“Almost,” Kendrix said. “There’s just one thing...”

“What?” asked Maya.

“I have to pee again!” The group burst out laughing as Kendrix started to get up to go to the bathroom…

END

Been enjoying writing this series. I have a chapter focused on Kira, from Dino Thunder, written and ready to go. I'm planning to go back and cover seasons I have skipped over. The main reason there were or will be skips is because I haven't seen every season and don't know the dynamics of every single team. In many cases, the only episodes I may have seen for a season are the teamups, or it's been so long since I saw episodes from those seasons, that I don't really remember enough about them. I will be checking out those seasons though, so that I can accurately depict the characters for this.

*042*2022-03-06 22:49

{{6 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

I absolutely loved that it was such a enjoyable read can’t wait for the next one

}}

I honestly just started writing it today and had no idea where it was going haha I should write like that more often, I guess.

