1St Fanfiction

Author: Miles255

*000*2010-08-24 10:51

EDIT PLEASE READ: Please don't feel obliged to read this due to its length. So far, I've noticed that this story is far too long to really be interesting, and those who did read it said it was too long, so, you don't really have to force yourself to be interested.

###

I wrote a bunch of beginning notes to explain my thoughts, but I thought it gave away too much, those notes are at the end now (clearly separated from the story)

This story lasted 9.1 pages on Microsoft Word, so it's a long story...

For my first story tell me what you think

Characters:

Grace ♀: Main character

Noah ♂: Friend of main character

Mr. Jordan ♂: Teacher cameo.

A loud obnoxious buzz suddenly went off. It started buzzing for nearly 3 minutes, getting louder and louder. After reaching the point of eardrum pain, the alarm was turned off. The clock read 6:30. It was almost time for school. Grace immediately got out of bed and went downstairs. She looked around the kitchen for a small breakfast, maybe a small yogurt or something. Since Monday was the family’s typical food-shopping day, there wasn’t much in the house.

It was around February during this time. The snow on the ground remains, and will for a while. It was a cold winter, a really cold one. Grace is 15-years-old, and currently a sophomore in high school. She is really smart, all honors, near top of her class. She likes to wake up early so she can get some quiet time before her siblings wake up, as well as her mother. Her father is already awake, but at work, due to his early-morning shift.

After a bit of searching, she decided to have a granola bar. She really didn’t need a breakfast, just something so she doesn’t need to feel deprived at school until lunch. After literally 30 seconds, the bar was gone, and she grabbed a cup of orange juice and returned to her room.

She turned on her television, and checked the weather, 43 today, and sunny. Thank god. This will feel like a warm day to them. 6:45, time to get dressed. She looked around her closet to find an outfit she liked. Skirts were out of the question. It was winter, and even she wouldn’t want to wear them, despite the fact that she loves wearing short-skirts. In dismay, she grabbed a pair* of jeans from her closet, then found a cute purple top that was comfortable. Unlike many girls, she prefers her clothes loose fitting. Skinny jeans weren’t really her style, but neither were really baggy jeans that some guys like wearing. Then she moved to her drawer. Considering that she wasn’t meant to be showing these off, she had a lot of designed underwear. She grabbed a purple pair with hearts on them and a purple bra to match her shirt (to avoid extremely revealing clothing)

*During my writing I wrote “pair” as “pear” That deserved a slap.

She pulled of her old shirt (that she wore as night clothes) and strapped on her bra and threw her top on. Quickly after she plucked her night shorts off and put on her panties and jeans.

With her new attire on her she looked at her mirror, and began to see if she looked “presentable.” Personality-wise, she was a very modest girl, and hated showing herself off. She was around 5’ 3” and weighed around 120 pounds. With this she had a perfect height, not too short so that she would be her potential boyfriend’s little baby (she never had a boyfriend), and not too tall so that she is scaring them away. Being that she was very modest, she avoided any kind of revealing clothes, and policed herself every 10 minutes. For every single top or shirt she had, she had a matching bra and panties, so that her undergarments would not be too noticeable, if something happened to slip when she wasn’t looking. She had a pretty thin body, and, especially for someone her age, an extremely clear face. Her eyes were a bright-bright blue, and her hair was a bright brown, not bright enough to be blond, that stretched down past her shoulders.

After a quick look, she looked perfect to her standards, and commenced with putting her books away. She was 100% organized, and had her own workspace with a computer right next to it, to enjoy some multi-tasking if she wanted. While watching the news, she booted up her computer and went on facebook, and said hi to a few of her friends that were on. She heard a knock on her door, and looked at the clock. 7:30. Oh my, time to go. She left her room when she felt a lot of pressure in her waist. Well, we all know what that means. She took a quick turn to the bathroom where she released her pee from the night, and hopefully all of her orange juice. While in the bathroom, she brushed her teeth.

Finally, time to go; she went into the car, where her mother has the daunting task of taking all of her kids to school. First Grace to the high school, her 13-year-old sister to middle school, and her 6-year-old brother to the elementary school. Grace took the front seat next to her mother, with a small cup of iced tea by her side, because she always seemed to be thirsty, and she absolutely loved iced tea.

By the time she got to school, she went to her homeroom for about ten minutes until her first class began. Through her first couple of classes she took notes and listed to those boring teachers. After her third class she usually needed to pee badly, especially due to her iced tea going right through her. Her bladder was never broken before. It never bothered her, and she lasted hours before even deciding that it was urgent. Well, for some reason that feeling wasn’t bad enough for her to care, and she got out of class a bit late, so she really didn’t have time.

Soon lunch came and she took out her sandwich, and look, even more iced tea. She couldn’t help herself. She ate lunch quickly and chugged her iced tea, this time a bottle and began her homework. One of her friends, Ana, began talking about the basketball game last Saturday, and how the team did great. She replied a couple of times, but being the great student that she is, she was more focused on her homework.

She had the second lunch, so she only had three classes left. One was history, with her boring lecturer talking for the entire class. Oh joy, best time too, right after lunch, for some reason that only made her more tired. Afterwards was gym, completely away from the entire school but still was kind of fun nevertheless. Finally there was her English class, arguably her best subject, run by Mr. Jordan, and nice, but serious teacher, and he does not tolerate rule-breaking, no issue for Grace.

After the lunch bell, she made her way to the history room, and the teacher began the lecture. It was so easy to not pay attention in that class. She never calls on anyone, and just reads from the book. That’s pretty much everyday until she writes out a review (that everyone copies off the board) and then there’s a test. For an honors history class, that’s pretty easy. Too bad the material’s boring. About ten minutes into the class, the pressure returned to her. She had to pee, and knowing that iced tea, it won’t be long until it gets a LOT more urgent. She was fine, but in ten minutes, not so much.

She began to squirm a bit to comfort herself. She was extremely uncomfortable in her state, but she wasn’t letting loose anytime soon. It got even worse though, with ten minutes left in class, she had an elbow in her crotch, as it was the best way to avoid looking so obvious. She had no chance of asking to go. In that class, you have to raise your hand up HIGH, and HOPE she notices it, and you have to announce that you have to go to the entire class. Haha, NOT going to happen!

1 row left and one seat down. A boy was taking notice of the girl in front of him. Not that he was a very noticeable person, but that girl in front of her is well known to him. Since before even high school, this boy, Noah being his name, was one of the top of the class, all A’s, teacher’s pet, even in gym. Problem is, he constantly was nearly tied with Grace. This lead to a friendly rivalry with each other. Grace simply saw a rival in him, a person to compete in grades with. However, Noah saw a lot more in Grace. Along with a brilliant mind, he saw a cute face, a lovely personality, and a lovely girl to think about during his daydreams. Yeah, this obviously means he likes her.

After 5 minutes of staring (he could easily get away with that, because Grace is in his eye view of the teacher), Noah noticed her squirming a bit. He noticed her grabbing herself with her elbow. Something’s obviously going on, he though. No way! She needs to pee? Now, Noah isn’t very open with girls, but he’s still a 16-year-old boy. He felt his completely familiar tightening within his boxers. Oh god, come on I’m in school for god’s sake! Too late, it’s there, it’s a lot less noticeable than he thinks, but he’s still trying to cover it. He couldn’t tell why he was feeling that, and he’s thinking that it was Grace trying to grab herself. Whatever, he needed to stare at her for the rest of class, and miss his notes. I mean, what would you rather stare at?

Gym came, and Grace made her way to the girls locker room. She changed into her gym uniform (no need for details), and looked at the toilet room, all out of order. Shoot! She thought. I have a feeling this gym class will be harder today. Given the cold winter, they decided to stay inside and play kickball, or should I say a variation of kickball, called “mat-ball.*” It really wasn’t easy to kick for her, given her current condition, so during her turn, she would intentionally kick softly and get out, and sit in the sideline until they were in the field.*

*Mat-ball is a game that we play at my school and it works a bit differently than kickball.

On the field, she stayed in the middle of the gym so she can catch the soft, short balls kicked by the people who simply didn’t care. She was able to leave most of them to the boys in the back, including Noah who caught an easy pop fly. Standing was difficult for her, and by now she was in pain because her bladder would have been released by now. She avoided crossing her legs, and grabbing her crotch, because that would make a major scene (especially for someone like her).

One ball from a girl went short right into her “catch zone*” She grabbed it for an easy out, too easy. Too easy? I’ll regret saying that! One boy kicked the ball, and at full speed, it made its way to Grace. Oh she caught it, with the price of it smashing her stomach at 50 mph. Ah, no this is too much! She thought. She began to feel a spasm, as well as a warm feeling in her waist. She regained control, but she did feel a large squirt of pee flow into her panties before, and maybe on her gym shorts. Who cares, they weren’t tight, and they were dark, so it wasn’t noticeable.

At the end of gym, she needed to asses the damage she did to her panties, so she moved to the corner of the locker room. She removed her gym shorts to observe her panties. Yeah, she wet them pretty badly. The entire bottom became a dark, royal purple, and it moved to the front as well. Too close, She thought, and she put on her jeans again.

Finally English class, she could get away with that. She needed the full class time to reach it, so she would have to ask Mr. Jordan. By the time she got to the class, the bell rang, and Mr. Jordan announced that a test was about to being. Oh no! I forgot about the test! She cried in her head. During a test, the room must be in complete silence, and unless, the person is sick, there was no leaving the classroom at all.

She usually would have no problem taking a test, especially in that class, but it was really hard to concentrate for her. After her squirt, the feeling got even worse, and it only continued to amplify itself, and along with that, her wet panties were getting cold, so it became even more uncomfortable, as well as harder to hold. This test was being handed in about 30 minutes into class from most of the students, including Noah. Usually Grace is able to finish it 10 minutes before everyone, but she was greatly slowed down.

Noah, after finishing the test, took even more notice of Grace. She looked really uncomfortable. She was constantly squirming, and once she grabbed her crotch (at this point she couldn’t help herself), he felt it again. At one point, Noah looked down slightly lower down to her slightly raised butt, due to her sitting slightly on her leg. He noticed a gap in her clothing. Purple on top, skin in the middle, and more purple on the bottom. Noah couldn’t believe it, Grace wasn’t paying attention to her pants! Her pants moved even a bit lower to the point where Noah knew he was staring at her panties. His eyes were locked now. Grace was in the perfect position for him, and he was eating it all up.

She finally finished her test, and the clock read 2:57 P.M. Almost out! she thought. Focused or not, she was going to get a good grade, she just had to slow down to concentrate on her bulging bladder, that was ready to burst any minute. She made her way to Mr. Jordan, walking really slowly, as her bladder throbbed through each step. She asked in a near whisper “Mr. Jordan may I PLEASE go the girl’s room?”

“Grace…it’s 2:59, you can wait a minute…”

In reluctant agreement, she returned to her seat, and continued squirming. When beside her seat, she grabbed her back waistline and felt her panties greatly revealed outside of her jeans. No way! How could I let this happen? She pulled her jeans up to make her look presentable, and sat back down. By now, Noah didn’t even care, he fell in love with the look on her face when she realized what happened.

Finally, the bell rang, and the students stormed out of the classroom. Mr. Jordan stopped Grace. “Grace, do you have to go that badly? You took a while taking the test. That’s really unlike you.”

Grace responded and winced in pain when she heard him say “go.”

“Sorry, but I really do, and I never got a chance to go today!”

Mr. Jordan understood her problem, “I’m not going to hold you up. You better get to the bathroom before all the girls reach them first.”

Grace walked out and made her way to her locker. She needed to be quick. She grabbed the books she needed and replaced her unneeded books in her locker. After finishing her checklist, she placed her books in her backpack and ran off to the nearest bathroom. All the stalls were taken, at this point she has no time. In pain, she left the school to walk home.

The school is about a mile walk from her house, so she was responsible for walking home. Her sister stays at school for basketball practice, and her brother plays in the playground until 3:20, so she usually makes it home first. As she walked out, it suddenly got colder. The breeze was strong, and the frostbite feeling commenced. She felt another spasm, but it wasn’t as severe this time. It only dripped twice. The breeze went away, and it wasn’t as cold anymore. She had her coat on. This was the best she could do.

She made a speedwalk to her house. She was running out of time. There was pain in every step she took, and in every step she took, she risked letting it all go at once.

She was hoping to run into nobody, but unluckily for her, her speedwalk made her run into Noah. Noah became instantly excited. “Ah Grace! It’s nice to see you!”

“Why? Are you looking to steal my grades?”

“How could you say that Grace? I would only want to compete fairly!” Noah’s stalling. He’s never seen a girl need to pee so badly before, and he knows it much be horrible for her right now.

“So Grace, you were squirming a lot today. Getting a little antsy? What could you be thinking about today?”

Grace instantly blushed. Noah began to smile. “Wha…wh..what are you talking about N…N…Noah?” She’s stuttering, she’s not convincing anyone.

“Oh come on! It was so noticeable! Seriously though, something’s going on. I mean, you even let your panties slip!” Now Noah began to blush, he’s not used to saying something like that to a girl. “Sorry, but it was too obvious.”

She blushed even harder, she was worried that someone took notice of her. Her ears and cheeks got red hot, and she nearly lost focus of her bladder. “Noah! Y…y…you pervert! You have the nerve to even say that to me!”

Noah began to laugh now, “Hey, you’re the one giving the show!”

“Whatever. There’s nothing wrong with me, and you’re beginning to bother me. Now, go away.” Man, what is this stupid guy trying to accomplish! Grace began losing her patience. Her conversation was beginning to take her focus away from her bursting bladder.

“Man, what is it with you? Come on Grace, what’s wrong?”

“Agh! Noah! You’re being very annoying!” Grace was starting to act childish, but then again, so was Noah.

“Hehe. I’m not going away anytime soon. Come on you can tell me. We’re both mature teenagers (for the most part). I have no reason to make fun of you.”

Grace’s tensed in rage for 2 seconds, causing another spasm in her bladder. This one was less severe, but it got her attention. She grabbed her crotch again, successfully stopping the flow before it got serious. “For god’s sake Noah, if I haven’t made it obvious enough to you today, I have to pee, all right? Really badly, like, needed to pee all day. Can you stop bothering me while I try to make a run to my house?” In her yelling she winced in pain again.

Noah worried for Grace’s social well-being. As much as he wanted to care for her when she needed him, he knew that Grace wetting her pants would probably ruin any chance to be with her, so he needed to comfort her. “Oh, really… Then I don’t want to be too much of a bother…” He knew this would probably be his only chance to talk to her for a long time without any people around. He knew it’s a risk, be he needed to ask her. “…but I’ve needed to talk to you for a while…”

Grace, grabbed her crotch with her left arm (she was left handed) to keep her focused, but immediately took his words into her mind. Oh my god!? What could this be? Grace grabbed her chest with her right arm and made a face, that Noah really liked seeing.

Noah immediately reacted. “But…before I say anything…That face you just made…was…probably the cutest thing I ever saw in my life.”

Grace blushed again, she knew what was coming.

“Well, I think I got your attention…so hopefully we’ve been in good enough terms with each other to come to a mature decision on this…Well…sorry…for….stalling, but I’ve always wanted you to…uh…be…my girlfriend.”

Grace took his words immediately in her mind and blushed again, even more red than before. Suddenly, she completely lost all of her focus on anything but his words.

For the first time in hours, she felt relaxed, unaware of the world around her. Everything became suddenly unknown to her. The only thing she now realized that Noah had a strong “fondness” of her that she never realized, which made her suddenly feel happy and loved. Right before she responded, she realized that within those mere 2 seconds that she completely lost control of herself, and that warmness in her upper body suddenly was soon shared by her legs as well.

Returning to the real world, Grace felt an odd sensation on the lower part of her body. It wasn’t too long before she realized that the pee that she has been holding for hours is being released from her desperate bladder right here, right now.

Grace decided to give up. It’s coming out, and she knew now that it’s not stopping, so now she’s done trying. She stood there, and let it all out.

From Noah’s viewpoint, he took notice of Grace having a sudden spasm. He quickly noticed her dire situation. The inside of Grace’s jeans suddenly took a shade much darker, and creeped its way lower and lower down her legs. In weakness, Grace grabbed a tree to her right and bent her knees slightly. Her pee began traveling to her butt and down the back of her legs. It released in an intensity that some of it began to seep out of her jeans immediately from her butt down to the sidewalk below her. In a mere 10 seconds, Noah took notice of Grace’s pee absorbing into her jeans and falling onto the sidewalk in complete unison.

In a matter of ten more seconds, Grace felt her stream-like sensation from her body weaken into a drip. She let out the rest of what was left in her. In the aftermath, Grace looked down and stared at her now soaked jeans, now cold from the winter breeze. The sidewalk had a clear puddle on in, and the snow covering the grass near her slightly melted due to her warmth. Grace’s jeans were completely drenched from her butt down to her ankles as well as the front of her crotch. In the end she closed her eyes and sighed. It’s over.

Grace lost all sense of reality at this point. She knew she was experiencing a fixation from…something. She couldn’t tell if it was from the fact that she finally let it all out, the fact that she was now suddenly attracted to the boy in front of her, or worse enough, she enjoyed the feeling of peeing her pants.

Noah freaked out for a moment. A million things were beginning to happen in a matter of seconds, and he could barely take in each one. For now, he concentrated on the fact that the girl of her dreams just peed her pants, right in front of him.

“Grace…Grace…Oh my god! I…I’m…so…sorry. Did I distract you too much!?” Noah worried for her, but he still couldn’t help it. She just looked so cute and helpless. All he wanted to do was grab her and cheer her up in some faraway place.

Noah’s question knocked Grace back into reality. “Oh, Noah…I’m sorry…please…don’t freak out and blame yourself. This is all my fault. I’m the idiot who didn’t use the bathroom before…” Noah’s words made her realize that she was standing there with wet pants outside. She realized that she needed to get out of there before experiencing a long period of social abuse. For now, she was glad she could trust Noah.

“Grace! Please! We can’t just stand here! You gotta get home, and fast!” Noah knew she wasn’t responding, and without hesitation, grabbed her slightly wet hand and began to run.

Grace continued her feeling of great pleasure, but still couldn’t figure out what it was. The thrill of escaping from society got to her, and she began to run faster, and with a smile on her face, switched the grip of hands and now SHE was pulling Noah ahead.

After 3 minutes of running, Grace found her house right in front of her, still holding Noah’s hand. Grace let go, and felt cared for, and appreciated it.

(Here’s where it gets cheesy)

“Oh Noah. Thank you for caring for me. I…” even with a smile on her face, she shed a few tears of joy, and let herself fall into Noah’s arms.

“Well, I’m sure about the answer already, but I’d like it directly stated…” Noah was cut off quickly by Grace.

“Oh shut up Noah. If I’m not acting like your girlfriend now, then I don’t want to know what I’m supposed to act like.”

“Well…technically…”

“Noah, shut up. I’m 15.”

“Right…well, good luck taking care of that. I’ll be happy to see you tomorrow.”

…and with that, Noah started walking away. Grace ran to her door, grabbed her key, and ran to her room.

She found a new pair of jeans to wear, and a pink pair of panties that would have to do at the moment. However, before she changed, she felt like wanting to stay in her wet pants for a little bit. Without anyone around, she got to enjoy it.

Even though she let everything out at once, iced tea always seems to come back in bursts. Grace was already soaking wet, but she needed to help reinforce what she was thinking earlier.

Her need to pee again was minor. Hardly anything may come out, but she still wanted to try. In a mere push, she let out even more pee from her body, right into her already soaked pants. The stain that had brightened slightly had become darker yet again in some parts, and the cold pants became warm again around her upper legs and waistline. Grace felt so good letting it out in her pants. She knew what she was feeling before that she never realized in her life.

“Oh my god. I never knew wetting myself would feel this good.” There, she sat there wet again, her jeans absorbing nearly every bit of her warm pee. The clock read 3:18. Her mother would be home soon. She had the dire need to rub herself a bit, but there was no time, she needed to get into new clothes. She grabbed a towel, took off her soaking pants and panties, panties that were wet along her entire bottom and back end and nearly completely around her front end, wiped her legs and her private parts, tingling in each rub, and put on her new panties and pants. For now, she was done.

###

This is the very first story I've written, and after a complete rework of the end of the story, I can actually say I like how it’s written. It gets a bit typical near the end in terms of side themes, but I tried my absolute best to make the situations, characters, and pretty much this whole story unique in terms of plot (explains the long background part of the story), but...it still may not be that great, but I should let you guys read it first

Also, I plan on making this story a series, so if you like this, I will continue the story!

I spent a really long time on background, so you'll be reading partially unwanted information in the first 40% of the story, but…it will be very helpful if you would want to read sequel stories.

Also, hopefully writing this story has me getting over with saying/writing names for female clothing (for some reason I don't like saying any of it).

*001*2010-08-24 22:57

*Sigh* I don't exactly think it's appropriate bumping my own topic (or double posting), but I would appreciate at least one opinion on the story.

*003*2010-08-25 00:30

That was pretty much my first ever attempt at free style writing. I have never really done it before at all or even tried it. I admit it was longer than I intended it to be. When I revised it, I really only cared about the ending scene (which I pretty much made something completely new). Writing was never my strong point, yet at the same time, I really wanted to write something like this for a while. I needed a comment like yours to see what I needed to expect people to want from a story...I think...I may not be wording it right.

Aside from that, I greatly appreciate your comment, and will work to improve it in the future.

This first attempt I just needed to set the tone for later writings, and I may do a complete rework of this story either way.

{{:

Expect humans to be human, and not be willing to invest there time in a massive tale of love, romance, and desperation, when all they want to do is jack off.

}}

To be honest, in that part of my themes for the story, that is where I got a bit selfish. I remember reading another story where I got completely caught up in all the side themes instead of the main one. I kind of did that to this one. I think I was bit in the wrong place for that nonsense, but I at least wanted to share it anyway.

I had to keep a lot of things in mind while writing this, and I know I forgot to keep a few things in mind while writing it. I got a bit too much into it.

*005*2010-08-25 01:08

Oh god, the last thing I thought about was you trying to offend me. Please, don't worry in the least bit. I was hoping for constructive criticism, but I got a bit anxious to see what the kind of criticism it would be.

Anyway, I spent the last 15 minutes interpreting your comment to notice what exactly I have to keep in mind for the future. So far I've noticed the following to avoid:

Fancy storyline with twists and stretched out endings (I'm pushing it a little, but that's what I'm still getting at). Yeah, I took it a bit too far on the storyline. I realized that it really isn't necessary.

Emphasizing character personalities. Maybe if I wrote a novel, that would help, but I'm not, and that was just plain not necessary in the end. I don't know though, the "tales of love and romance" wasn't really completely intended. I just wanted to set the tone for possible sequels of the story (which I also intend to write to be a bit more appealing, before you even saying that), which may or may not happen, but still, I know I took it too far...

Either way, I was nearly uncomfortable the entire time writing it, for small reasons that aren't worth mentioning. I just know for next time that I spent too long thinking of an interesting storyline when most people/everyone is just interested in the actual wetting (to be honest, I took into account that some people may be interested in the desperation part as well, but I think I also stretched that out unnecessarily.

Great...I'm beginning to talk to myself a bit, just to get my thoughts together. I just know for next time that some things I wanted to put in to make the story interesting was unnecessary for the most part.

Everything you've said so far was useful. So trust me, I'm thanking you.

Also, that typo in the topic title has been bugging me all day <_<

*007*2010-08-25 01:38

{{:

You put that into context really well. Just one thing, you can get a little fancy with things if you like, it's just trying not to get to fancy, so to speak. Including things such as character personalities and a deeper storyline can also make a good story into a great one, but including them in a subtle, almost non-visible manor can be critical. Sometimes learning about a character is best done reading about the character, and having the reader make there own conclusions about there personality can really help them keep interest with the character, and whatever may befall them. That is pretty important in short stories, yet, if you do plan on making a novel length one, then you of course have a lot me leeway.

Oh, and which typo? Did you mean the capitalized 'S' in 1St? Excuse my ignorance on this one, but grammar is not my forte. lol

}}

Oh yeah, that "S" I'm serious, it's bugging me. I'm usually the guy who insists in typing in perfect grammar, and I just can't seem to edit that S, so yeah, I'm annoyed by it...

The main point I'm getting is, I know overkilled it. I tried to emphasize a few extra elements, and it lead to an overemphasis on it.

I think I'm over-thinking it a bit, but I just want to be able to make a story that everyone can enjoy, so I'm trying to get the best out of my criticism :)

*010*2010-08-25 18:06

{{:

To offer some input, I personally like the idea of this story being a series, but try to make it a little shorter and to the point in the future. Not short, but shortER

}}

Alright. I've got a good idea for what I need for later writings.

Now I can see why people were a bit uninterested in it <.<

*012*2010-09-23 10:48

=| Really? After reading this a couple times. I really didn't like reading it...

I'm shortening the stories, but...I plan on details and such, and I won't move from my original style.

Although I wouldn't mind writing a long story featuring multiple omorashi scenes...

