Potter's Desperation - Page 2

Author: AlwaysSnarry

*026*2013-11-26 22:24

Chapter 11

McGonagall arrived promptly on time the next morning. After noting the scowling boys she assigned the two another week in the room, and took off towards the Great Hall.

Harry didn’t see Draco much that day, only in classes and never in the hallways, although he was already dying to sneak a kiss or two. He wished he could meet his boyfriend after supper but he had to talk to Dumbledore about Draco’s father, then had Quidditch practice to deal with that evening.

Harry waited for the old man to leave the teacher’s table before he excused himself from supper with the whispered excuse of needing to talk to Dumbledore about a vision he had over the weekend (a truth, sort of) Harry left his friends.

Reaching the gargoyle that marked the headmaster’s office, Harry stopped. He hadn’t been given this week’s password so he would have to guess. The headmaster had been using Muggle candies recently, so Harry started there.

“Jolly Ranchers. Twizzlers. Jawbreakers. Gummy Worms. Cinnamon Hearts. Skittles. Chocolate covered pretzels…. Um. Sour Patch Kids. Fuzzy Peaches.”

The gargoyle started to move at that last one, and Harry sighed in relief; he’d been running out of ideas. Stepping onto the twisting staircase, Harry ascended to Dumbledore’s office.

Before Harry had a chance to knock he heard Dumbledore’s voice telling him to come in.

“Welcome, my boy. How are you this evening?”

“I’m fine Professor. I actually have a favor to ask you, if that’s all right.”

“Of course, Harry. Fuzzy Peach?” Dumbledore held out the bowl to Harry, who took a couple before continuing.

“Well the thing is. D – Malfoy and I –”

“You can call him Draco, Harry. I am aware that the two of you are becoming friends and are tricking Professor McGonagall into letting you stay in the room.”

Harry gaped at the professor. If Dumbledore knew that then did he know…?

“How do you know that?” Harry asked.

“Ah, the perks of being Headmaster.” Dumbledore winked at him, but said no more.

Harry was doubly worried about the Headmaster knowing about his wetting and his and Draco’s sexual encounters in the room, but continued on, determined to stay true to his promise to Draco to get Lucius Malfoy out of Azkaban.

“Professor, the thing is, well, since Draco and I have become friends he’s told me about his home life. More specifically, his parents.” Harry launched into an abbreviated version of Draco’s story, finishing with, “Is it possible to get Draco’s dad out of Azkaban since he’s really innocent after all?”

Dumbledore had a pensive look on his face and took a long time to answer.

“Well, my boy, if what you told me is true, and I don’t doubt it if Narcissa is anything like her youngest sister, then it may be possible to get Lucius released. Truth be told, I never did believe that Lucius was anything like his father. He really was a good boy when he attended Hogwarts, if only his father hadn’t arranged the marriage between him and Narcissa. But then, we wouldn’t have the pleasure of Draco’s company.”

Harry blushed as the last comment was said with a wink.

“So, do you think we can get Draco’s dad out of prison and safe? What about the spell on Draco?” Harry asked.

“I think it will be only too easy to get Mr. Malfoy’s father out of Azkaban. I shall see to it tonight.” Harry grinned at this, excited to tell Draco that he would get to see his father really soon. “Concerning the spell on Draco, it sounds quite familiar, but I will need to do a bit of research before we try to break it. If we can keep Lucius Malfoy’s release out of the papers then it will buy us some time before Narcissa uses the spell to hurt her son.”

Things were working out better than Harry expected and it was all he could do from jumping up and running to find his boyfriend right now.

“Yes, yes, I think this will all work out, Harry. Hmm. Yes. Well, Harry, I must ask you to tell no one other than young Mr. Malfoy about this. Words heard by the wrong ears can end up repeated to a certain Dark Lord.”

“Of course,” Harry nodded. “Professor?”

“Yes?”

“Where will Mr. Malfoy stay after you get him released? He can’t go back to the Manor.”

“The safest place for him will be Hogwarts. That way he will be able to see his son and we will be able to keep an eye on him. I would like to go through his memories before we leave him alone, just to make sure Draco’s story is accurate.”

Harry grumbled a bit at the mention of Draco being anything but trustworthy, but understood Dumbledore’s need to ensure he wasn’t letting someone in the castle who could turn against them. They were in a war, after all.

“I think our dear Severus wouldn’t mind an old friend staying with him for the time being.” Dumbledore mused.

Harry almost choked.

“Now, now,” Chuckled Dumbledore, “Severus and Lucius are old friends, and are now on the same side of the war. Professor Snape is Draco’s godfather for a reason.”

Draco hadn’t mentioned that. Still, Harry supposed it made sense. “So he’ll just hide in Snape’s chambers?”

“Professor Snape, Harry. And yes, he will have to, at least until we can break the spell on Draco. Well, I will send Dobby to find you two when I return to the castle. I’m sure you will be waiting up.”

Harry nodded, thanking his professor. He couldn’t wait to go tell Draco the news. He’d never dreamed that it would happen so fast.

Harry was halfway to the Slytherin common room when he remembered that he had Quidditch practice to attend. Cursing, Harry turned and headed back to his own common room.

“Hiya Harry. Almost ready to head to practice?” Ron asked from his spot by the fireplace.

“Just about.”

Harry hurried upstairs, quickly changing into his Quidditch robes. He penned a short note to Draco, asking the other boy to meet him by the changing rooms after practice. He gave the note to Hedwig, who was resting in her favorite spot by the window. Ron kept joking that she was too good for the owlery, and Harry didn’t think his friend was far off.

###

Practice seemed to drag on, the cold weather not helping matters. By the time practice was done Harry was grumpy with impatience and badly in need of the loo. Held up even further by his beaters incessant questions, Harry was still cleaning up practice equipment as the last person left the changing rooms.

He noticed a blonde head peeking out from behind the bleachers as he locked up the equipment room. Heading over to the changing room, he gestured Draco to follow him. They both hurried to the room, wanting to get away from the cold.

Draco greeted Harry with a long kiss before he broke away.

“What was so urgent you needed to meet me in the middle of the night – and cold?” He grumbled. “Miss me that much already?”

“Git.” Harry joked, although he had missed the Slytherin. “Dumbledore’s getting your dad back tonight.”

Draco’s eyes bugged out of his head. “Really? So quickly?”

“Yeah, he was leaving before practice, should be back soon, I’d guess. Dumbledore probably had some favors or something, but he acted like it would be no big deal.”

Draco broke out into a huge smile.

“Harry, this is amazing! Thank you so much!” He engulfed the smaller boy into a huge hug, swinging him around in his excitement.

The squeeze and sudden movement caused Harry’s bladder to protest strongly, a warning squirt of piss escaping.

“Draco,” Harry gasped out, “You gotta put me down.”

“Don’t wanna. You’re amazing.” Draco said, pressing kisses to Harry’s lips.

Distracted, Harry kissed back, until a second, longer stream of piss emptied itself into Harry’s boxers.

Pulling away as much as he could, Draco was still holding him in the air, Harry groaned out, “Gotta pee, Dray, real bad. Let me down.”

“Oops, sorry Harry.” He quickly sat Harry down, smile never leaving his face.

Harry hurried off to the stall to empty his bladder, sighing in relief as he made it in time.

Exiting the stall, he was immediately embraced by Draco again.

“Draco, I gotta shower before Dumbledore gets back with your dad. I stink.”

The blonde sniffed the air around him. “Yeah, you really do.” He teased. “Better help you get clean.”

Draco started peeling Harry’s robes off before Harry could even form words. Leaving a trail of clothes behind them, Draco gently shoved Harry towards the showers, pulling his own shirt over his head as he did.

“Oh, you’re gonna join me then,” Harry’s eyes were immediately drawn to the perfect, pale chest before him. Unable to resist touching, he reached a hand over to tweak and tease a nipple until it hardened.

“Yeah, got to properly thank you.” Draco shoved his pants and briefs down as one, kicked off his socks and shoes, and backed Harry into one of the showers. Turning the water on hot, he pressed himself up against his beautiful boyfriend and proceeded to ravish him.

Harry gasped as Draco’s mouth bit lightly at one nipple, then the other. Mouth slowly moving downwards, Draco nipped and licked his way down Harry’s body, stopping at Harry’s needy cock.

“Draco, please, ugh, do something.” Harry’s cock was straining at Draco’s lips, which were just barley touching him. Draco’s tongue slowly circled the head, licking the precum up and smacking his lips at the salty taste of his lover.

“Nugh, Draco,” Harry whined.

Taking pity on the other boy, Draco closed his lips over the cockhead, sucking lightly. Harry’s lips bucked at the sensation, not used to a mouth there. Draco put his hands on Harry’s hips, holding him still as he took Harry’s cock as far as he could. He got into a rhythm, using his tongue to run along the underside of Harry’s dick.

Harry couldn’t stop himself from crying out and moaning every time Draco ran his tongue over the head of his cock or when he would hollow out his cheeks for better suction. His knees were going weak. Needing something to hold on to he grabbed a handful of Draco’s hair, his other hand holding on to the wall.

“Draco, go good. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Gonna cum, Draco, I’m cumming!” Harry moaned as he shot his load down Draco’s throat, who gasped around his mouthful. Harry looked down at the blonde, who was greedily swallowing every last drop, save for the small bit that had escaped, running down his chin. Harry nearly came again at the sight, and hauled his lover up, to face him. He reached his tongue out and tentatively licked the drop of his cum off Draco’s face, curious at the taste. It was bitter, but not bad. Harry bet it would taste a lot better on Draco’s lips, and moved to kiss the other boy to find out. He was right.

Harry moved his hand out from Draco’s hair, downwards to grip Draco’s cock. Draco’s soft cock.

“Didn’t you get hard?” Harry asked, wondering if he had done something wrong.

“Of course not. I came when you did.” Draco grinned.

“But I didn’t even touch you.”

“Proof that I can come just by looking at your beautiful dick and face.”

Harry was slightly shocked, and very happy, at this. No one else had ever called him beautiful, but Harry was quickly learning that Draco was an exception to most things.

The two had just finished dressing when they heard a loud crack.

“Misters Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy, sirs. Professor Dumbleydore is to be wanting you in his office now.”

A/N: Sorry that there's not much omo this chapter. The next few are going to be more focused on plot than on omo/smut, sorry guys. I do have to move this story onwards though, and I promise there will be more omo in the future.

*032*2013-12-06 23:38

A/N: Sorry this one took so long. I kept trying to write this chapter differently and it wasn't working out. Eventually I just let the chapter take me, and I ended up in a completely different direction then what I had planned. Still, I think I like it more this way. I hope you do, too. There ended up being a long omo scene, which I hadn't planned on.

Chapter 12

Harry sat in Dumbledore’s office, quietly fidgeting. Not because he needed to pee, but because Draco and his father had been in an adjoining room with Dumbledore and Snape for the past hour, and Harry had no clue what was happening. He wanted to be there for Draco but instead he was made wait here like he had no involvement in the matter.

Eventually, Dumbledore and Snape came out of the room. Dumbledore looked tired while Snape looked as he always did.

“Is Mr. Malfoy okay? How is Draco?”

“They are both fine, my boy.” Dumbledore assured him, “They’re asking for you now.”

Harry rushed off to the other room, anxious to see Draco and make sure he was okay for himself. Getting his father back, especially a father who had spent the past months in prison, had to be emotionally draining.

Draco and his father were sitting side by side on a large sofa facing a burning fireplace. Mr. Malfoy had his arm around his son and Draco was clinging to his father tightly. Mr. Malfoy looked worse for wear. He was wearing simple black robes, something Snape must have lent him for they seemed much cleaner than the robes he would have worn in Azkaban. He was free of drit and grime, and his long blonde hair, now streaked with grey, was clean, meaning he must have taken a shower or someone had cast a few strong cleaning charms on him. His face held more wrinkle lines than the last time Harry had seen him, and his eyes had a haunted look to them, but his face reflected happiness at having his son so near. Harry paused just inside the doorway, not wanting to disturb the moment between the two Malfoy men.

Mr. Malfoy looked up at that moment, eyes locking with Harry’s.

“I hear I have you to thank for my rescue. I thank you, Mr. Potter, for reuniting me with my son.”

“I didn’t really do anything. It was all Professor Dumbledore and Snape, really.”

“Nevertheless, they would have not known our circumstance had you not decided to help, so, for that, I am in your debt.”

“No, really. You don’t have to be in my debt, I was happy to help Draco.” Harry hastened to say, not wanting Mr. Malfoy to feel as if he owed him anything.

“Ah, yes. Draco has told me about your relationship.”

Harry hadn’t thought that Draco would tell his father about them so soon and was lost for words, not knowing what Draco had told his father exactly or what he should say to the man.

“I, uh, well…” Harry blushed.

“Shush, Dad. Don’t interrogate Harry.” Draco came to his rescue.

Harry was still standing awkwardly near the door, shifting from foot to foot when Draco go up and embraced him.

“Thank you so much, Harry. I love you.” He murmured in Harry’s ear.

“I love you, too.” Harry responded quietly, feeling awkward proclaiming his love for Draco in front of Draco’s father.

Draco pulled out of the embrace, but held tight to Harry’s hand as he led Harry to sit on the sofa with them. Draco settled back beside his father, pulling Harry to rest against him. Harry relaxed into the warmth and happiness radiating from the blonde, feeling himself being lulled to sleep by the soft voices talking beside him.

###

Harry woke with a start, immediately becoming aware of his rapidly soaking trousers. It took him a moment before he remembered where he was and who he was with. He was wetting on a sofa in Dumbledore’s rooms, curled up next to Draco, with his boyfriend’s father on the other side of the sofa. His only saving grace was that they were both asleep.

Harry panicked, forcing his bladder to stop emptying itself. He grabbed hold of himself with the hand that wasn’t trapped between his body and Draco’s, holding tight to prevent the remaining urine from escaping. It proved difficult, for his weak bladder had filled to the brim while he had been sleeping, and not enough liquid had escaped to make things easier on his bladder.

Moaning quietly, Harry scanned the dark room for a bathroom, but the only door in the room was the one he had entered through. Harry wasn’t sure he wanted to take the chance of running into the Headmaster or Snape, not sure how long he had slept or if either of the men were still in the office.

Harry whimpered as a spurt escaped. Regaining control was difficult, but squeezing harder on his dick helped a bit.

“Harry?” Draco’s sleepy voice murmured.

“Draco,” Harry cried silently. “Please help me.”

“What’s wrong?” Draco was immediately awake, shifting around so that he could wrap his boyfriend in a loving embrace.

“I w-woke up and I was w-wetting and I – I – I still need to go really badly, and th-there’s no loo here.” Tears were falling silently down Harry’s face and both hands were now clutching his dick for dear life, trying their hardest to delay the wetting.

“Shush, love. It’ll be okay. We’ll find you a loo.”

“It’s already t-too late. I w-w-wet on the sofa, a-and if we leave this room D-Dumbledore might be out th-there and he’ll see. Draco, please.” He didn’t even know what he was asking for, but three-second stream let loose, arching out from his jeans between his fingers. Sobbing in earnest, he clamped down tighter, trying to prevent further leaking.

“Draco,” he hiccupped, “I can’t hold it much longer, it’s coming out!”

“Harry, love,” Draco kissed the sobbing boy’s cheeks. “Just let go, okay? Once you’re done I’ll clean it up and no one will ever know it happened.”

“I can’t! Your father is there, I just can’t!”

Draco’s mind was racing, trying to think of a way to help his boyfriend. He pulled Harry completely on top of him, rocking him back and forth as he sobbed.

“Harry, you’ll hurt yourself. Please, just pee, I don’t want you to get hurt.”

Harry shook his head, burying it into Draco’s chest. Draco didn’t understand. He just couldn’t wet in front of Lucius Malfoy. Thoughts of the time he accidentally wet in front of Uncle Vernon ran through Harry’s head and he sobbed louder, clutching Draco in fear, Draco’s voice fading as he was pulled into the memory.

Violent sobbing woke Lucius Malfoy from his slumber, and, for a moment, he thought he was back in Azakaban. It wasn’t uncommon for the Dementors to drive a person mad; screaming and crying could be heard at any given time. Hearing his son’s voice brought him out of that thought. He opened his eyes to see his son cradling Harry like a small child as the smaller boy howled in fear. It took a moment for Lucius to notice the boy’s wet crotch and the hands clutching himself.

“Draco, what is wrong with him?”

“Nothing’s wrong with him.” Draco answered fiercely, pulling the boy tighter to his chest.

“Something is clearly the matter.”

“But not with him. It’s not Harry’s fault!” Draco pressed kisses to the younger boy’s face and hair, trying to bring him back to the present.

“Harry has problems with his bladder. He can’t control it that well, and not at all when he’s asleep. He woke up wetting, and freaked out. He stopped himself from finishing, and now it’s hurting him.” Draco explained.

“Well we will just find him a loo.” Lucius said, not really seeing the problem.

“He doesn’t want to chance seeing Dumbledore or Professor Snape if they’re out there. And he wouldn’t finish up in here because he was scared of you finding out.”

“Why would he be scared of me?”

“I’m not sure. He wasn’t this bad when I found out. I think it has something to do with adults. His uncle was the one who caused this problem in the first place.”

“Oh, the poor child.” Lucius knew all about abusive family members and his heart went out to the boy.

Lucius moved closer to the two boys, putting his hand on Harry’s back. The young Gryffindor flinched, unconsciously pressing in closer to Draco, where he felt safe.

“Harry, I promise you, I will not hurt you. I am not like your family, child. I will not punish you for wetting, ever. Please, Harry, do not hurt yourself by refusing your bladder.” Lucius spoke quietly to the young boy, trying not to frighten him more.

“Harry, please listen. Please, love, for me.” Draco pleaded.

Harry finally moved his head out from Draco’s chest, looking up into the shining blue eyes. Just has Harry was about to nod, he was stricken with a sharp pain in his lower abdomen. Doubling over, whimpering and crying, he once again buried himself into Draco’s protection.

“It hurts.”

Draco’s heart was breaking for his love. He gently pried Harry’s hands from their tight hold on his penis, hoping that would help, but Harry continued to cry out in pain.

“Draco, you rub his lower stomach, I will rub his back. Try to coax him into relaxing.” Lucius instructed.

Draco did what his father said, rubbing Harry’s bulging bladder and muttering calming words into his ear.

After long minutes, Draco felt the rush of liquid hit him and sighed in relief. Harry was shaking from both the remains of panic and the relief of letting go, feeling the hot urine soak through his clothes and cover his boyfriend. His crying died down as his bladder continued to empty and he loosened his grip on the younger blonde. He could feel Mr. Malfoy’d hand gently rubbing his back, and while part of him was still scared, another, larger part had been pacified by his words earlier. He had sounded just like Draco and it soothed Harry. This Lucius Malfoy was nothing like the one he had met before, nor was he anything like his uncle.

The three stayed that way for some minutes after Harry had finished peeing, until Draco shifted Harry so they were face to face.

“Don’t ever do that to me again, Harry. I don’t ever want to see you hurt yourself that way again. I love you so much. So much.” Tears were gathering in his eyes as he starred at the man he loved.

“I can’t… in front of people.” Harry’s eyes pleaded with Draco to understand.

“You did in front of my father and nothing bad happened. Harry, promise me. Don’t do this again. I can’t bear to see you hurt like that.”

After a long pause, Harry said, “I can try. But I can’t promise Draco. Not yet.”

Draco sighed, knowing that was the best he was going to get for a while. Harry really wasn’t in the right emotional space to be able to promise this and not break it, he supposed.

Draco pulled Harry in for a quick kiss before letting the exhausted boy cuddle in to him.

“Love you, Dray.” Harry’s yawning voice trailed off as sleep quickly took him.

Father and son sat silently for a few moments before Lucius turned to Draco, his expression clearly saying that he wanted an explanation.

Draco sighed.

“Harry’s aunt and uncle abuse him, really badly. They locked him in a cupboard for days on end, and never gave him enough food. Sometimes he’d go days without anything to eat. Sometimes they would give him a bucket to pee in, sometimes they wouldn’t, then they would punish him for wetting. His uncle used to beat him, break bones or burn him usually. Harry’s magic healed him most of the time, but sometimes… it didn’t. When his uncle kicked in his bladder his magic didn’t help him. He’s had very little control since.” Draco buried his face into Harry’s soft brown hair, tears falling for the boy he loved.

“Why did no one report the abuse?” Lucius asked.

“No one knew.” Came a voice from the doorway.

