Warrior Cat Omorashi

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-02-23 04:33

(This is an oc Fanfic, and yes, Brambleclaw has succeeded Firestar.

PART ONE

"Petalpaw!"

"Coming, Pounceheart!"

The ThunderClan apprentice ran happily outside to meet up with her mentor.

"Hey, Petalpaw, how's my apprentice doing today?" Pounceheart mewed to his apprentice.

"I'm good!" Petalpaw felt a familiar pressure.

"Can I go to the dirtplace real quick?" she asked.

"Not right now, Coldbreeze is choosing patrols."

"Hey, Pounceheart, Petalpaw, Bramblestar wants you on hunting duty."

"B-but can't we go on border patrol?" Petalpaw begged hopefully.

Coldbreeze shook his head.

"Sorry."

Petalpaw sighed. It was going to be a long day.

*001*2012-02-23 13:12

PART TWO

Petalpaw glanced around nervously. If she could just find a distraction for her mentor, she could hide behind a bush.

"Petalpaw! Stop squirming!" Pounceheart hissed.

"You'll scare off all the prey."

"Hey, Pounceheart, PLEASE just let me go to the dirtplace before we start. C'mon!"

"No. We need to hunt." he looked down at his squirming apprentice and sighed.

"Catch something first, then you can go."

"Thank you!" Petalpaw raced off to find some prey. She spotted a mouse sitting in the grass ahead of her. She approached it slowly. Suddenly she felt her fur grow slightly damp. She gasped and pressed her hind legs together. The mouse looked up and saw her. She tried to attack it, but as she jumped she felt another spurt escape. She twisted aquwardly to avoid soaking herself, and her forepaws raked thin air as the mouse escaped.

Pounceheart, who had been watching his apprentice the whole time, sighed. He watched her as the mouse got away, and as she half waddled, half limped away, her fur slightly wet in places.

Petalpaw had a lot to learn.

*003*2012-02-26 14:15

{{: 

This is the first warriors omorash I have read, and I quite like it. I'd enjoy reading some more if you ever decide to continue.

}}

Thanks! Didn't know how good it would turn out, but sure, hang on, just about to update. :)

*004*2012-02-26 14:29

PART THREE

"Fox dung!" Petalpaw snarled, hoping no one had seen her.

"Just need to catch one thing!"

She looked around and located a shrew, pretty gross prey, but at this point she didn't care, just so long as she caught it this time.

Pounceheart was still watching, and he sighed at the young cat's choice. She had to be pretty desperate if she would even bother with a shrew. He knew he should probably let her go, but he didn't think Bramblestar would like it very much if she came back empty-pawed.

"Mousebrain!" he told himself, wishing he wasn't such an inexperienced warrior.

Petalpaw grabbed the shrew and bit its neck. The prey was still for a moment, then it squeaked. Petalpaw jumped back, alarmed, and dropped the prey. She growled and began to chase it, but she knew there was no point. She sighed and stood there, feeling her bladder protest. Thinking quickly, she crossed her paws and continued her search. A plump rabbit sat several fox-lengths away, and Petalpaw knew this was her chance. She began to creep up on it, then froze.

"Foxdung!" she groaned as her bladder emptied its self.

*005*2012-02-26 21:46

PART FOUR

It started out as afew drops, and Petalpaw was sure she could regain control. But her bladder throbbed, and a steady trickle came out.

"Foxdung, not here. Not now!" she felt the stream increase.

"No." she whispered. She managed to cut off the flow, but not before soaking herself.

Pounceheart was still watching, and he too felt a small pressure, but his apprentice was bursting, and he couldn't watch her suffer any longer.

"Petalpaw!" he hissed.

She jumped back, causing her to lose several more drops.

Mousebrain! He told himself.

"Petalpaw, head to the dirtplace, okay?"

"Really?" she asked.

"Yes. Just hurry! I'll help you wash up after."

"Thanks!" she called as she raced off.

She suddenly froze.

"Mousedung, mousedung, oh, FOXDUNG!" she hissed to herself.

"It's coming. It's coming!" she tried to stop it, but there was too much. The stream began to run down her paws, and her tail, which was lowered almost to the ground. Finally, the stream stopped, but she still needed to go rather urgently, and releasing some of the stored up pee had only made the urge worse. She knew there was no point in holding it; she had obviously just wet herself like a kit, and it showed on her soaked, sticky pelt that now smelled worse than the dirtplace. But Petalpaw was stubborn, and although there was no chance of getting back to camp with her dignity in tact, she wouldn't give up hope, atleast not just yet, while there was still liquid left inside her body.

She sighed and kept walking.

*006*2012-02-28 02:44

PART FIVE

Pouneheart sighed impatiently. He should have just let her go to the dirtplace from the beginning.

"Oh- what's eatin' ya, Pounce'eart?" the young warrior spun around and came face to face with Mute-ear, his half deaf former mentor.

"P-Petalpaw isn't f-f-feeling well…" he muttered.

"Speaku, ya know I can't hear veery well. So, whazzit?"

"Petalpaw feels sick."

"Ya tell Snowleaf?"

"Y-yes, she ummm…"

"Rie, ya know yure a terrible lier, Pounce'eart. 'Ow 'bout the truth, immature?"

"Mute-ear, I'm not an apprentice!" the young warrior scowled at the sound of his old nickname, "immature".

"Den tell me da matter!"

"Petalpaw had an accident!" he burst out.

Mute-ear tipped his head to one side.

"Say wha now?"

"She peed." Pouneheart growled.

"Your 'prentice wet 'er fur? Really, tha the hones' trut' you be tellin'?"

"Yes." he growled, then quickly added,

"You talk funny."

"Ya know I'm deaf, immature!"

Pounceheart sighed. This was getting them nowhere fast.

"Petalpaw peed, Mute-ear, and I need your help." he whimpered.

"Ya need my 'elp now, do ya, pal?" the old cat mewed sarcasticly.

"Yes!" Ponceheart spat back.

"I dunno," laughed Mute-ear.

"Nevar 'ad to deal wit a wetta, now, did ah? Ya nevar wet, Pounce'eart."

"I'm serious!" Pounceheart snarled, feeling his own bladder twinge painfully.

"Jus' a seck, this talk 'bout yer 'prentice gave me an urge, too."

Pounceheart glared at his former mentor, thinking he was joking, then noticed how uncomfortable he looked, and realized he was serious.

Foxdung.

*007*2012-02-28 02:54

PART FIVE

Petalpaw snuck through camp and out to dirtplace.

"Hang on!" came a voice from inside the bush.

"Hurry up, Icepaw, I really gotta go!" she yelled to her sister, bouncing up and down.

"I said wait, yeesh!"

"Icepaw, I'm peeing myself here!"

"Fine, wait."

"I'm trying!" Petalpaw replied in a strained voice.

"Alright, it's all your-" Icepaw gasped.

"Petalpaw did you pee yourse-"

"Move!" Petalpaw snarled, but she was too late. She felt a sudden rush of relief as warm liquid ran down her paws.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh…" she sighed happily.

Icepaw stared in horror as her sister finished leaking.

"Isn't your mentor looking for you?" Petalpaw asked, suddenly embarassed.

Icepaw shook her head.

"I got the day off."

"Well then, good, you can help me clean up."

"WHAAATT!?!?!?!?"

*008*2012-02-29 02:06

PART SIX

Pounceheart glared at him.

"Go then." he growled.

"And help Petalpaw while you're there."

"No point." Mute-ear hid behind a bush and returned a moment later smiling with relief.

Pouncheart growled as his bladder twinged.

"C'n ah 'elp ya, Pounce'eart?"

"No." the brown and gray tabby growled coldly.

"Ite, suite cha self." Mute-ear dove into the woods in a swish of white fur.

"Mousebrained fool." he muttered as he leaked slightly.

*009*2012-02-29 03:26

PART SEVEN

Pounceheart gritted his teeth as a sudden wave of desperation washed over him, causing him to leak more. He felt a horrible urge, and realized he REALLY needed a pee. He bounced slightly, then felt warmth spread under his tail.

He held it in as hard as he could, feeling his eyes watering as he strained. He felt a sudden, horrible wave of agony spread through his entire body, and he shook as he fell to the ground. He moaned as his paws grew numb. He felt nauseous and his stomach was growling like mad. He shook his head and gave a final grunt as he colapsed in a puddle of his own liquid waste.

*010*2012-02-29 21:39

Petalpaw finished giving her fur a final lick (She had already washed in the river) and sat down.

"That's the last of it." Icepaw mewed, scraping earth over the last of the soaked moss.

She frowned at her sister, who had just finished washing. She felt her bladder telling her urgently to go. She had not finished in dirtplace when Petalpaw walked in.

Ah, well.

She shook the thought off and headed into the woods.

Meanwhile, Pounceheart, having long since gave up, had regained consciousness, and, although he still felt odd down there, he had finished up and was now washing up.

Darn you, stupid furball mousebrained idiot!

He thought.

*011*2012-06-25 17:23

PART NINE

(I'm totally beating a dead horse.)

Pounceheart sighed and padded back to camp, slamming right into his apprentice's sister.

"Eek! Oh, hello, Pounceheart." she mewed.

"Just thought I'd come get you. Bramblestar's calling a Clan meeting." she lied. Bramblestar was calling a Clan meeting, but she'd come here to dispose of the soiled moss.

Pounceheart nodded and the two headed back to camp where Petalpaw was waiting.

"Oh, there you are. You just missed Mute-ear's elder ceremony."

Pounceheart laughed.

"He is an old fool, isn't he?"

Icepaw just nodded as he bladder tugged.

"Fox-dung!" she hissed.

