Desperate Sexy Cousin

Author: Brenman

*005*2021-11-15 10:27

PART 2

“So when are we going over to the campsite?” I finally asked, the whole idea here being once again that we were going to go over and pitch tents in a designated area back in the woodsy campground section of the park, while “the adults” vacationed at this nice, comfortable lake house, like the “old fogies” that they were.

“Why not head there now and start setting up?” Mark asked.

“There’s bags with extra blankets and stuff in the car by the hotdog buns, just so you guys know!” my Aunt Linda hollered.

“Finish these beers first?” I asked.

“Bottoms up.” said Sarah, and we all proceeded to chug our beers to the last drop before turning to each other with buzzed smiles, crunching our metal cans in clenched fists with satisfying strength and power. We discarded our empty beer cans into the kitchen garbage and told the adults that we were gonna head over to the campsite. They offered us a ride back over, and were very much obliged.

We arrived at the other campsite, retrieved our tents, coolers and other essential camping items from the trunks of our cars before our parents again departed for the lake house. As Mark began pitching his tent, he scraped it against some low-hanging tree branches, and it was only then that the true reality of the our great outdoors, woodsy environment set in over us. I got lots of nice long glances at Maxine’s tight little butt in her sequined shorts, the shorts being so small that her butt cheeks were clearly visible and on display whenever she turned away from me.

She was a hottie for sure, a little too thin for my taste, having a body once again lithe like Cyndi Wood in Apocalypse Now, and her sexy bending and snapping up as she worked to pull the tent free of the packaging it came in came with lots of glorious quivers of her thighs, and her nice pert behind as well. Shirley’s camp-covered ass kept bending over all over the place to, and I couldn't help but admire her delicious looking butt, that Kelsi Monroe ass, painted in her legging shorts. We spent the next half hour helping each other to build and pitch both tents before we were finally able to unfold some lawn chairs and crack another beer as Sarah started loading some wood logs into the small campground fire pit before us.

About two hours in, sitting and joking around the campfire, we were each about four or five beers deep. The sun was setting now, casting a glorious pink orange glow on all of us, Maxine’s sequins shimmering in the fire light like the scales of a mermaid’s tale. She stood up finally, announcing,

“Okay, where’s the restroom? This cowgirl needs to let out some of that beer.” she said, looking down the dirt road aways, in the direction of some other campers.

“Oh come on now, we’re camping, you have let loose in the great outdoors!” said Mark with glee. “And speaking of which, how are you holding up over there, clearly you must need to pee too by now?” Mark said looking over to Shirley.

“I’m hanging in here just fine, actually.” Shirley said without flinching or stuttering, before taking a long swig from her can, finishing the beer.

“Well I need the restroom. Who’s gonna come walk with me to find it?” asked Maxine, looking over at me. Just then it occurred to me that Maxine may have been attracted to me and took this as a cue that she wanted me specifically to go with her as her guide and protector, maybe even to make out with her in shadows somewhere. Before I could respond, however, Mark spoke up,

“Bullshit! We’re camping You have to pee right here” he exclaimed. I began to have a suspicion that Mark shared some sort of a pee fetish with me, after all, who challenges someone to a pee-holding contest without some sort of pee-related fetish?

“What should I do? Put out the fire?” Maxine asked mockingly.

“Pshhtt! Like you could spray out enough to do that? Give me a break.” Mark said, waving her off.

“I feel like right now I could. We drank a lot of beer…” Maxine said, gazing down into the fire.

“Well do it then!” said Sarah, drunkenly.

“Should we all give her some space and some privacy?” Shirley said, standing up from her foldout chair.

“She’s not really gonna pee on the fire.” Mark said.

“Thirty bucks and I will!” Maxine said coyly, looking around at all of us with a smile. When she and I made eye-contact, her gaze flickered for a slight second, before brightening back up into her former Cyndi Wood smile, and I could tell in that moment that she was right on the line between being drunk and loose enough to be her usual, showy, ostentatious self, and wanting to make a good impression on me as a stranger, and newly met compatriot, too. In support, I said,

“I’d pay fifty to see that.” and then immediately regretted it.

“Whoah whoa whoa there guy!” Mark replied, spilling his beer in excitement. “We’re not gonna start a bidding war here are we?”

“Would you really pee on the fire?” asked Shirley with intrigue, throwing her beer can into the flames. “Wouldn’t the fire be gone after that? We still need it for light and heat, no?”

“No way in hell can this girl put out the entire fire just with her piss.” said Mark, confidently.

“I think Maxine just wants to be an exhibitionist.” said Shirley playfully. “What’s the matter girl, not gettin’ enough attention in DC?” said Shirley, with extra southern lilt in her speech, prodding at Maxine this way. Maxine crouched over, bellowing in laughter, hearing Shirley’s question, however, she immediately stood up and grabbed her crotch, lifting her right foot into the air several inches, keeping it there, saying,

“Oh,” she quickly let go of herself, blushing. “Oh god, guys I need to pee right now. Please can someone go with me, or I’ll literally put out these flames right now…” The question just hung in the air for a long moment, until Maxine, needing no further ado apparently, just pulled down her little shorts right there, exposing her sexy little bush, (was she wearing any panties at all?) and squatted down to the ground before the fire. Her movement was so quick and sudden that no sooner had she dropped than everyone immediately turned around, much more quickly than myself, being thoroughly enthused about seeing any girl squat and take a piss anywhere, had a slower reaction time, slow enough for Maxine’s gaze and impish smile to catch my own gaze one more time for a split second, holding my attention.

In that moment, with a silent smile, she motioned with her index finger and her lips, “No, dont turn around” wagging her finger in the air, she then pointed downwards at herself, with a subtle, reassuring nod and smile that seemed to indicate, “It’s okay, look down there, I know you want to, please look…” My gaze drifted downwards, past this beautiful cowgirl’s playful smile, past her campy little cowgirl vest, past shining, sequined short shorts that were at this point around her knees, all the way down to her sweet, tight little bushy pussy, glowing beautifully in the bright orange hue of the bonfire, as just then, her pussy erupted in a beautiful golden arc, a pretty high pressured stream, especially for a petite girl like her, of urine that shot right onto the flames before her, hissing and steaming on impact. I felt myself growing very hard very quickly in my pants…

“Oh my god, she’s really doing it. Hear that?” said Sarah, still turned away towards the woods, and she was right, the sound of the hissing and steaming of Maxine’s urine was loud and defined. I watched mesmerized as this cute little cowgirl then began gyrating and orienting her hips so as to aim her spraying little firehose of a pussy at different parts of the burning logs, her urine extinguishing more of the flames, hissing and steaming loudly. I looked up at her face, she was no longer smiling at me directly, but was staring with deep intent and focus and the progress she was making putting out the fire, her face looking almost maniacal in this pursuit as she aimed and pissed away.

As I watched, her stream would soften a bit in pressure, at which point she would flex her abdominal muscles hard, followed by her vagina muscles, and shoot forth a more pressurized stream further down the burning logs of the campfire. Wafts of pissy steam were blowing in the air past us now, a gloriously sweet cocktail of fragrances, beer and girl pee, mixing in the air, breezing past my nostrils, making me grow very hard in my pants, becoming increasingly aroused by this girl’s pissy display. The woods around us were growing considerably darker now, the fire nearly gone, at which point Shirley turned around,

“Maxine! Stop! We still need some of it!” Shirley said, appalled at the now almost entirely extinguished bonfire, Maxine still squatting low to the ground in front of it.

“I can’t stop, I really had to go.” said Maxine in a moment of near shame. Maxine then self consciously sort of crab walked sideways a little bit and aimed her pissing pussy away from the fire, her stream gathering on the ground, being to run downhill slightly in a small river. Maxine let out a final sigh of relaxation as her stream finally died down to a manageable dribble, still squatting. She shook herself off a little but before bolting upright again as she returned her little short shorts to their rightful place around her waist, everyone else turning back around now, admiring her impressive prowess, as the fire was no nothing more than a steaming pile of slightly glowing embers and ashes at the bottom of the fire pit.

“Wow, I’m impressed” Mark said as he looked up to Maxine.

Maxine smiled back at him, then over at me, saying,

“You think you could hand me another?” I shook myself out of my hypnotic stupor, and quickly turned round and reached for the cooler for another beer for Maxine. I retrieved one, and tossed it over to her. She caught it and cracked it open and sat back down in her fold out chair with a satisfied smile, as Shirley loaded a couple of new logs into the fire pit.

“Geeze, lets just hope these will light, it’s really wet in here.” Shirley said, prodding the fire pit with a log. “You really peed a lot, Maxine.” As Shirley prodded the fire, her back was turned to me and her lovely butt was right at my eye level, just perfectly encased in her tight camouflage leggings. God, my cousin had a gorgeous ass, a pornstar ass. Mark interrupted this glorious moment with.

“You guys think we should pack away the leftovers? You know there are black bears in this area, right?” No one respond for a moment.

“What?” said Maxine. “Is that really a thing here?”

“Sure is” said Mark, standing up, heading towards the picnic table with the sandwich items. He started loading uneaten hot dog buns back into the plastic bag they came packaged in, saying,

“Yeah bears absolutely come out here and try to get into peoples food and trash at night. Not every night, and not all the time, but still.” he explained, continuing to pack away more of the food.

“Well geeze, I stand corrected I guess.” said Maxine.

“Not corrected, informed.” quipped Sarah, tossing her beer into the fire pit next to Shirley.

Just then, thunder cracked loudly in the sky. Drops of rain began to steam in the fire pit.

“Oh geeze, now a storm? Did anyone check the weather earlier?” Shirley said, looking round. Mark was walking towards the stakes of the tents.

“Better be sure these are in tightly” he said. We spent the next several minutes gathering all of our things from the picnic tables, getting things packed away in preparation for the impending rain and possible storm. The rain was slowly but gradually becoming heavier, our clothes becoming wet as we worked.

“Let’s go, get in!” Mark was saying to the girls. They rushed inside one of the tents while Mark headed over towards mine. I got in, crouching beneath the thin material of the tent, while all around me, the rain pounded down like a constant snare drum sound. The rain had grown thick and heavy, and was becoming heavier by the minute. I lay down on my side of the enormous air mattress, as just then, the girls burst into our tent, almost entirely soaked from the outside rain.

“Our tent’s ceiling is ripped! We cant sleep in there!” Shirley said with her gorgeous Appalachian twang.

“What?!” said Mark, “We just got that! It was new!”

“It’s from when you scratched it getting it out of the box earlier!” said Sarah.

“Well I didn’t see you rushing to get anything set up!” Mark said to his girlfriend. “But seriously, you’re sure it’s ripped?!”

“Would we have run all the way over here through the rain for any other reason?!” Shirley retorted. Mark sighed heavily in disbelief, before scooting over to the very end of the mattress, tapping the center.

“Well here you go, I guess, I seriously don’t think that this mattress was meant for five, though.” he said.

Without any warning at all, Shirley took off her soaked flannel, revealing her gorgeous big boobs, jiggling in her beige bra. Shirley’s beautiful, globular breasts swayed and bounced as she struggled a moment to remove the soaked fabric over her shirt from her soaked arms, and as her bra was beige, it blended in nicely with skin, almost appearing as if she wore nothing at all, the only thing being hidden her gorgeous nipples, the tops of her pink areolas just visible above the rim of her bra. Shirley tossed the shirt to the corner of the tent, before getting down onto the mattress in the center of the bed.

Sarah’s big boobs were soaked beneath the thin cotton of her T shirt, her pokey nipples looking hard enough to cut glass, no doubt a reaction to the ice cold rain water saturating her shirt.

Maxine meanwhile pulled her shiny little shorts all the way down to her ankles and to the floor as she peeled them off, answering my earlier question that had floated through my thoughts, that yes, Maxine was wearing underwear after all, thin white cotton panties. Maxine kept her cowgirl vest on, awkward and strange though it was, as she was wearing and bra, or anything else, underneath. She got down onto the mattress between Shirley and I, as Sarah got in between Shirley and Mark. Mark pulled the large red blanket over all of us, as the girl’s lay shaking in the cold, trying to get warm. Maxine’s vest looked uncomfortable on her, but I couldn’t well tell her I wouldn’t mind her taking it off, though I certainly would not have. Maxine was thin, and didn’t appear to have very big boobs under her vest, bust sported a tasty body nonetheless.

“Oh my god, I don’t know how this is gonna work at all, I hope you all know that I toss and turn a LOT in my sleep you guys.” Mark said.

“I can attest to that.” said Sarah next. The rain was growing heavier, and we were all a little bit winded from the alcohol, and from the rush of trying to get all of our things gathered up and inside the tents from the rain, in spite of our drunkeness. We were light headed, and were relishing the chance to get a little bit of rest, especially given that our collective body heat was beginning to warm the space between us beneath he blanket.

GRMMMM! Outside, in the distance, not too far distant, but several meters away in the trees behind us, we heard some faint grumbling sound, sounding almost like a….bear.

“What was that?” Sarah asked quickly as Mark began to rise from the mattress, looking in the direction that the noise had come from. “Mark, do you think?…”

“I dont know, I dont know at all.” Mark said.

“What? What is it?” Maxine asked.

“Could be a bear.” said Sarah.

“We gathered up all of the food didn’t we?” Shirley asked.

“I sure thought we did.” said Mark.

GRMMMMM. The noise came again, this time slightly louder sounding. We all of us bolted up from the mattress at this point, turning in fear towards the large animal sounding noise.

Turned around now, I noticed Maxine’s sexy little ass in her tiny cotton panties. My attention quickly returned to the the direction from whence the noise came, where everyone else was focused. I slowly stood up from the mattress and decided to peek out the front door, seeing only the dark, raining night, nothing discernible, the rain loud. I turned back inside the tent, all three girls standing beside each other facing away from me, Mark next to them. Everyone was still in tense silence, until…

POW!!!!! Thunderstruck again, this time EXTREMELY LOUDLY, causing Sarah to shriek a shrill high-pitched shriek of fear as her hand flung down and clutched herself between her legs, holding her vagina through her panties tightly for a few seconds, she brought her hand away and crossed her legs quickly, bring her left foot a few inches in the air as she brought her left knee across her abdomen for a moment…

“You guys, I really have to pee.” she said, sounding anxious and worried as her eyes darted around the walls of the tent, the front doorway of the tent, the raining night.

“Me too-“ said Mark.

“Me too.” said Maxine, doing a small curtsy where she stood.

“You just peed.” said Shirley, looking incredulously at Maxine.

“Yeah what gives with that?” asked Mark.

“I got to pee some, but I also drank a LOT of beer earlier, and I had another after I peed anyway. I’m a small girl, what can I say?” Maxine said, looking around at all of us, almost not believing she had to explain or excuse her bodily needs to us, as we were all adults. She looked extremely sexy in this moment, her short blonde hair, her cowgirl vest, her exposed waist, her cute ass in her thin cotton panties. The cotton of her panties was so thin in fact that I was almost certain I could make out the darkness of her pubic hair, standing in contrast against her porcelain white skin. All of us were a little woozy and imbalanced from all of the alcohol, clear in our slouched postures.

“Well I didn’t even get to pee.” said Sarah.

WHOOSH!!! Just then, someone or something scratched the outside surface of one of the tent walls just beside us. All three girls shrieked, even Mark backed up a few feet and actually knocked me over. Sarah and Maxine both grabbed their pussies quickly, bending over a bit, their big beautiful female asses jutting out towards my face, I could see that the sudden jolt of fear had caused a wet patch the size of a silver dollar to form on Maxine’s panties, just where her pussy was, the dark pubic hairs now more clearly visible through the translucent cotton material. Maxine crossed her legs tightly, her cute little ass still jutting out towards me, just a few feet away from my face.

“What’s out there?” said Sarah, gripping her crotch tightly, again doing a small, contained pee dance, bringing her left leg off the ground and across her abdomen again. Maxine meanwhile, let go of her little pussy and started to dance in small circles where she stood, her gorgeous camel toe showing clearly through the front of her panties now, soaked a wet yellow a couple inches around her now entirely visible pussy lips where they gripped the cotton panties. She had a beautiful camel toe. I just wished I could feel it, taste it in that wet moment.

“Ughh, I have to go to the bathroom.” Maxine moaned, to none of us in particular.

“Ughh, so do I…” Sarah said, letting go of herself now. Sarah took a couple small steps towards the front door and bent over to peek out, Maxine saw her and crouched past me to try to follow Sarah through the tight space of the tent as they crept towards the front door.

GRMMMM!!!!!! The growling sound again from outside suddenly. Both Sarah and Maxine’s pussies were apparently surprised beyond control by the noise, as there was a small squirting sound accompanied with liquid growing from both of their pussies a few seconds, spreading across their cotton pantied asses. Maxine’s panties were small and so soaked now as she faced away from me, clutching herself from the front, that I could see her full dark bush through her wet underwear, and admired the fact that her carpet didn't match her drapes as I also saw some of her pubic hairs beside her pussy, just outside the line of her panties. Sarah meanwhile had one hand firmly planted in her pussy through her panties, looking mortified at her current situation, her cheeks flushing hot red with embarrassment as she looked up and her gaze caught mine.

“Babe, you’re wetting yourself.” Mark said, in surprise and disgust.

“No Im not, Mark! Shut up!” Sarah said in anger and humiliation towards her boyfriend. Her panties were clearly wet, she had leaked with the jolt of fear from the sound, but she had indeed managed to staunch the flow, holding herself tightly now. “But I need to get out and go to the bathroom.” she said, turning away from us. The rain was coming down hard and steady and was loud on the tent walls.

“What are we gonna do about the bear?” asked Shirley, looking at Mark and me, and the other girls.

“It could just be a fucking raccoon.” said Mark.

“Well, who’s gonna check? asked Shirley with a slight tone in her voice.

“No one. We cant go out there.” said Mark. “We wait it out, if anything the fucking thing will just eat our leftover hot dog buns and wander away for the night, or maybe go to someone else's camp site.” said Mark. Shirley didn’t look satisfied with this answer, a frustrated grimace coming across her face.

“Babe, can you go out and check?” Sarah asked Mark pleadingly, again doing a small pee dance, stepping back from foot to foot.

“I’ll check.” I said. Mark quickly reached out and grabbed me by the arm, stopping me.

“You don't have to man, it’s not safe if it is a bear. We’ll just wait it out.” he said.

POW!!!!! Thunder struck again, both Sarah and Maxine clutching their crotches quickly, shrieking in surprise and fear. The wet patches on their panties grew in diameter for a couple of seconds before these lovely young ladies could again cut off the flow with their fingers.

“I have to piss, Mark. I drank like five beers.” Sarah whined, holding herself. Maxine was now consistently dancing around, stepping in small circles where she stood, giving me a panoramic view of the progress of her leaking pussy as she stepped in small circles. Her wet pussy her, cute little pussy lips on full display, then her soaking ass there when she would turn around, her gorgeous little puss looking delicious from behind. She stopped dancing a moment, and bent over in front of me, holding herself like a little girl.

Her gorgeous little butt just feet from my face, her ass looked a lot like the infamous scene from the campy 1988 horror film Night of the Demons when Linnea Quigley bent over in the convenience store, distracting the store cashiers with her deliciously displayed derriere as her up skirted pantied ass showed beneath her frilly pink leotard. That scene as a kid was one of my earliest memories of arousal growing up, and now Maxine’s cute little pantied bottom was on display before my face in a nearly identical manner, the only difference being that she was soaking wet, and I momentarily fantasized about what it would feel like to just pull those wet little panties aside, and slide my cock deep inside her wet little pussy. God, it would feel good. I couldn’t help but feel turned on in the sexy circumstances I was in, two drunken girls trying to hold in all their beer pee, with wet panties on display due to fear leaks. Mark spoke up next,

“Look, I have to piss, too, alright. What do you want me to do?” he asked.

Suddenly, Shirley stepped past me, saying,

“Well I’ll do it then. I’m not waiting.” she said. I reached out to stop her, fearing the animal outside. I accidentally touched her nice round ass in her camouflage leggings though, as she bent over in front of me to attempt to peek out the entrance of the tent. She turned around, feeling me touch her. “What? I’m gonna go out.” she said, adamantly. “Im not afraid.”

“Well maybe you should be.” Mark said. Maxine and Sarah were each doing their own bouncy little pee dance where they stood, unable to remain still.

“Well I’m not.” Shirley said, and I noticed for the first moment now, that she also brought one foot off the ground a few seconds, and her abdomen looked rather swollen and full, the muscles on her stomach tensing, all her weight balanced on one leg at a time. Her gorgeous bra-clad breasts jiggled with the subtle rhythm of her bouncing thigh. Yep, Shirley needed to pee, too, and soon she’d be as unable to hide it as the other girls, hopefully, I thought to myself.

“Well, why are you gonna go out?” Mark asked, looking over to Shirley. “Do you have to pee, too? After all that beer?” he asked with a smirk, seeming to recall his challenge to her from earlier. Shirley was nonplussed, lifting one leg into the air for a moment. Her tits looked so gorgeous, her areolas threatening to spill completely from her bra.

“Yes, I have to go to the bathroom. Are you happy?” she said with tone, against Mark.

“Do we keep holding then or do you concede you lost? I haven’t peed yet either.” Mark said confidently and with a smug air to Shirley.

“I haven’t lost anything yet. But yes I would like to go to the bathroom.” Shirley said with a little crusty as she set her foot down, raising the other one in the air, beginning to do a little walk-in-place.

WHOOSH!!!!! A LOUD noise as something scratched the against the tent near the entrance.

“Eeek!!!” Maxine and Sarah shrieked simultaeously with PHHHSST!! as their pussies, squirt gun style, each emitted a couple more seconds worth of piss, their underwear almost entirely soaked now. Sarah gripped herself tightly between the legs with both hands as she hunched over, while Maxine squatted down to the ground, holding herself very tightly with both hand as I watched, just before me, her squatting figure facing away from me, as her lovely trickle of yellow urine dribbled through her underwear between her tightly clutched fingers for a couple of seconds and fell to the tent floor, pudding together on the waterproof material. “Uhhhhh….” Maxine whimpered as she struggled to regain control of her dribbling vagina, her dark bushy pubic hair visible through her entire translucent panties, her lovely ass trembling just feet before me as she fought to stem the flood.

Shirley was backing up slowly from the direction of the entrance, staring intently towards it. I watched in slow motion as my cousin’s big butt backed up towards me, step by step. Shirley clutched my arm when she reached me, her gaze remaining locked on the tent entrance. I looked down at our feet, and saw Shirley’s toes curling, the knuckles turning white, her legs tensing and moving rhythmically with effort at holding her swollen bladders contents. Her stomach looked noticeably rounded, showing her obviously full bladder. How many beers had she consumed? Four? Five? More? As she stood beside me, her breasts bounced and swayed to and fro lightly as she kept shifting her legs back and forth as the stood in place, unable to keep still, and distracted by fear of something lurking outside the tent.

“Ugggghhhhhhh!….” Sarah groaned as she crossed her right leg tightly over the left one, still clutching herself tightly.

“Guys, I really need to pee, god, I’m gonna pee everywhere.” Maxine whined as she squatted on the tent floor, holding herself with both hands tightly. Her eyes were locked tight shut, wrinkling beside her eyes on her temple. Her squatting legs were bouncing lightly, fighting to retain strength even as her bladder screamed for some relief. Her pussy lips showed clearly and proudly through her soaking underwear, even as her flow had been stemmed by her invasive fingers.

“I didn’t even get to pee.” Sarah whined, holding herself in the corner of the tent.

“Would everyone just shut up about peeing?!” Mark snapped angrily. “We need to wait at least twenty five minutes after the last noise before any of us are going anywhere, alright?!” His tone actually sounded genuinely full of concern for our collective safety from some potential danger lurking outside.

“I- I don’t have twenty minutes!” whimpered Maxine, sounding like a whiny, desperate little schoolgirl. Water was seeping in everywhere around the perimeter of the tent interior, and just then it puddled and touched Maxine’s right foot toes, and just a split-second later, as though a direct cause-and-effect relationship, her pussy leaked more urine for a couple more seconds.

“Would you STOP peeing, Maxine?! I just met you and that’s disgusting!” Mark snapped at the cute, squatting little cowgirl.

“Leave her alone, Mark! I’m about to piss myself too!” Sarah said as she slapped Mark on the arm.

“I’m sorry!” Maxine cried, as the pooling water from the tent’s outer wall covered her whole right foot now, and finally mixed with Maxine’s small puddle of urine below her squatting figure. Her eyes gazed is sheer distress down at the pooling liquid in front of her, as if longing just to finally let go and pee, which she proved she was, when she then asked,

“Guys! - Look - It - I just - “ Her legs were shaking and trembling, her hands clutching her pussy tightly. “if the water’s coming in it can go out! I could just pee right her and let it flow out…” Maxine whimpered desperately.

“Dont you dare pee inside this tent!” Mark said to her directly.

“Uggghhhhhhh” Maxine just moaned as she continued to hold herself desperately.

“Guys” Sarah moaned with her eyes kept tightly shut. “I’m gonna pee. I need to go to the bathroom right now, I’m gonna pee, I’m sorry.” Sarah said aloud, opening her eyes, doing a curtsying motion where she stood.

“Babe, neither one of you is going pee in this tent! No one! I swear to God!” Mark howled at his beloved. Sarah’s eyes just then bolted open in realization, as se dove forward towards one of her and Mark’s duffle bags stowed in the corner of the tent. Sarah ran forward, ripping open the zipper of the bag, tearing clothes out of the bag and tossing them aimlessly out of the way onto the slowly dampening tent floor, until finally, she uttered a relieved sounding “Ohhh!!”, a triumphant moment of victory, as her hand had located what she was searching for, the cast iron pan from earlier, as with lightning speed, she tossed the pan onto the floor beneath her and and whipped her pants and panties down so quickly she actually stumbled and fell down onto the pan, her lovely plump ass spilling over the cast iron pan’s edges...

TO BE CONTINUED...

(P.S. WILL WRITE FOR COMMISSIONS! CONTACT ME!)

*007*2021-11-15 21:46

PART 3

“Babe, neither one of you is going pee in this tent! No one! I swear to God!” Mark howled at his beloved. Sarah’s eyes just then bolted open in realization, as se dove forward towards one of her and Mark’s duffle bags stowed in the corner of the tent. Sarah ran forward, ripping open the zipper of the bag, tearing clothes out of the bag and tossing them aimlessly out of the way onto the slowly dampening tent floor, until finally, she uttered a relieved sounding “Ohhh!!”, a triumphant moment of victory, as her hand had located what she was searching for, the cast iron pan from earlier, as with lightning speed, she tossed the pan onto the floor beneath her and and whipped her pants and panties down so quickly she actually stumbled and fell down onto the pan, her lovely plump ass spilling over the cast iron pan’s edges.

“OHHHHH!!!!!” Sarah, moaned, her eyes floating lost in bliss, her face orgasmic, as her pussy erupted in urine that nearly ran over the rim of the cast iron pan, but alas remained within the pan and began to fill it, inch by inch as Sarah peed and peed at last.

“What?!” Maxine whimpered in envy, looking over to Sarah. “I need that!” she said, still holding her self, squatting.

“Wait you're turn!” Sarah snapped, then regretted it, her expression changing quickly to one of empathy and embarrassment, saying, “I’ll give you a turn, but I just…” and with that she stopped speaking, her speech trailing off into a breathless sigh of relief as her lovely pussy continued to piss and piss away into the cast iron pan.

“BOOO!!! BWARRRRGGHHH!!!” Uncle Ronnie RAN into the tent now, screaming with his hands out, “jazz hands” style, and paused in shock as he gazed down at his daughter’s nineteen year old friend Sarah, pissing in bliss and defeat into a cast iron frying pan, her gorgeous little teen cunt gushing on full display, her legs splayed out to the sides.

“Whoah! Whoah there!” Ronnie said, averting his gaze, turning away from us all and back towards the entrance of the tent.

“Hey man! What’s going on out there?! There was an animal!” Mark yelled, angered by being surprised by Uncle Ronnie, still donning his full scarecrow makeup and costume.

Ronnie laughed a quick, sheepish laugh, continuing to look away from Sarah, now sighing in relief, peeing in the pan, “ohhhh god…” eyes closed, mouth hanging open, ass seated on the pan’s rim, peeing her teenaged heart out.

“It’s just us scaring you! You guys forgot two of your bags, and we brought spare blakets seeing as how cold it got out here, tonight.” Ronnie said. Outside flashlights were casting beams of white light around another pair of boots outside, my dad’s, as the rain round his feet was blocked and strewn away by what turned out to be a very large umbrella, for just then, Maxine darted outside the tent, whimpering in despair as she clutched her pussy tightly with her right hand, her other hand trying to balance her body weight as she crouched and stepped as quickly as she could through the front entrance of the tent, as the rest of us soon followed behind her.

Shirley walked just before me, and my dad was taken aback first by the lithe, sexy little Maxine, this little Apocalypse Now Cyndi Wood cowgirl lookalike, almost nude from the waist down, her hairy little bush showing bright and clear through her wet little cotton panties, as she danced from foot to foot with a look of horrific panic on her face as she gazed into my father’s eyes, hi standing there holding the umbrella over our heads at the entrance tot the tent.

Next I saw my dad’s gaze transfixed by Shirley’s big shirtless Jessica Simpson tits, bouncing in full glory in her tight beige bra, the areolas of her nipples now clearly visible, sticking out above her bra by about half-inch, like a child’s coloring book markings that refused to stay within the lines, Shirley’s boobs bounced and jiggled in her bra as she lifted one leg across her belly, then the other, her stomach nude and her tummy noticeably full, full of urine. Mark and I and these two girls all just sort of paused there under the umbrella where my father stood, no one knowing quite what to do or say, as the rain poured down hard all around us, soaking the campsite, muddying the ground. Maxine finally spoke up as she danced frantically from foot to foot.

“Ughh! Is there another umbrella?! Where’s his umbrella?! How did you guys both walk here?!” Maxine asked frantically, the urgency clear in her shaky voice and quickness of speech. Almost speechless, my father simply replied,

“We shared an umbrella. So what?” he said in confusion, looking down at this dancing little cowgirl.

“We need to go to the bathroom.” Shirley said, though clearly more to stand up for Maxine’s stake, as Shirley and the rest of us were all unrelentingly captivated by Maxine’s desperate pee-dancing. “Could you please walk us with the umbrella to the restrooms?” Shirley said pointing out across the pathway of the campground, presumably leading to the public restroom facilities in that direction. Just then, not waiting for an answer from my dad, Maxine reached out and grabbed the umbrella, but my dad confusedly refused to let go of it, their hands briefly playing tug of war.

“Can I just? I need to go to the bathroom.” Maxine desperately pleaded with my father, panic in her eyes. Suddenly her hand let go of the umbrella as she clawed her pussy with both hands, holding on tight. She stood there a moment, then let go of herself, squatting down to the ground where she stood, moving her feet out to a wider position for a firmer stance as immediately, her pussy began pouring out piss like a sink faucet, dribbling steadily to the muddy ground right in front of us.

My dad looked upwards to the sky, mortified for this young girl. Squatting down, leaking profusely through her already soaked underwear, Maxine still whimpered in panic as she quickly reached down and tugged tightly at her panties, finally getting them free to the side of her pussy as she erupted like a geyser onto the muddy ground below, drilling a crater in the mud with her high pressure peeing. “OHHHHHHHHHH………” She moaned in agony, in well-deserved relief, peeing and peeing and peeing into the mud.

“Jesus Christ, what’s gotten into you kids?” My dad said, sounding both slightly appalled and also extremely embarrassed for little Maxine, as she peed at our feet.

“I’m sorry” Maxine cried. “I couldn’t hold it. I cant hold it. Im so sorry… Oh god…” Maxine apologized between sighing desperate, exhausted moans of relief as she peed profusely into the mud, holding her panties free of her beautifully hairy teenaged pissing pussy. Mark then just turned away from us, unzipped his pants, freed himself and peed into the wind and into the rain, letting out a long “Ahhhhh” as he finally relieved himself. Shirley looked at Maxine, feeling bad for her, until Mark’s relieved moaning reminded her of her own need to pee. I took this chance to rub it in as I also turned away from the others, pulled my shorts below my cock, gripped myself and let loose into the stormy rainy night.

“What is this a goddamn public restroom?” my dad asked, as he continued to avert his gaze, aware of what the teenagers around him were doing. Just then, Ronnie emerged from the tent. I kept peeing and peeing, letting out all the beer as I stared up at the stormy night clouds in the sky. By the time I was done and turned back round tot he others, Mark was already finished, Maxine was standing up, her underwear back in place, and Sarah was emerging from the tent, carefully balancing the cast iron pot full or urine with both hands. She dumped it out onto the muddy ground, blushing a vibrant pink on her cheeks, as she said,

“I’m going back to sleep at the house, this stopped being fun a while ago.” with defeat and humiliation in her voice.

“Me too. This is ridiculous.” Maxine said, looking away from all of us in embarrassment as she stood there in her wet little panties.

“Seriously? You guys are gonna dip?” Mark said to Sarah, sounding annoyed at the prospect of them going back to the house, the entire camping trip in vein.

“Yeah! This sucks! That was so embarrassing!” Sarah said, motioning back to the tent. Shirley stepped from foot to foot, she looked at my dad saying,

“Excuse me, Uncle John?” He looked back at her, his eyes quickly dipping to her cleavage before returning to her gaze. “I still need to go to the bathroom.”

“Where is it?” my dad asked turning round, looking around the dark rainy campground.

“I think it’s back there somewhere.” Shirley said, looking over my dads’ shoulder. Her beautiful butt was bouncing and touching the side of my leg whenever she would dip down slightly, her legs unable to stop moving as she stood in place, struggling to contain her pee dancing in front of all of us, especially my dad and Ronnie.

“Okay, well, I guess we can go search for it. Or…” my dad looked up the path in the other direction towards the house. “You could just use the one at the house.” my dad said.

Shirley looked up the path towards the house, and remembering just how far away it was, she bobbed up and down slightly on the spot, saying,

“Ugh, that’s pretty far.” as she gazed into the distance with a look of slight worry on her face. I spoke up immediately, not wanting this to pass by just yet…

“Plus that defeats the whole purpose of camping.” I said. “We’re supposed to at least stick to the campground. Even if we use the campground bathrooms, you know?” I said, with a matter-of-fact tone, not quite knowing what to expect as far as Shirley’s, or anyone else’s, reaction. Shirley just stared back at me with confusion.

“Yeah, okay, I guess.” she said.

“Just wait til it stops raining and I’ll walk with you, okay?” I said, attempting to reassure her. Her eyes looking pleadingly back into mine, the urgency in them clear as she bobbed lightly where she stood. She clearly needed to pee quite badly, but wanting to be polite and congenial in front of the older men, she managed to feign a smile, a gorgeous country girl Jessica Simpson smile at my dad and Ronnie and said,

“Yeah that’s alright, I’ll just wait out the rain right here. You guys go on up to the house.” she said, as glanced down and saw her tensing toes curl tightly into the muddle ground below us, clearly indicating the urgency in her body.

“Suit yourself.” my dad said back politely with a smile.

“Babe we didn’t come all the way out her to sleep in a rental unit.” Mark said to Sarah as he grabbed her arm and turned her to face him, clearly not thrilled with the idea of returning to the house. I lightly clutched Shirley’s hand beside me and pulled her it lightly in the direction of the tent. Her gaze met mine, and I gestured a “this way” gesture back inside the tent with my eyes and a gentle tug of the hand.

I stepped back inside the tent, gently towing Shirley behind me. Once fully inside the tent near the mattress, I turned and faced her.

“Look” I said. “You said earlier that you could just hold it and hold it as long as you wanted, right?” I said, looking into Shirley’s gorgeous eyes. My cock was fully hard, so aroused that I couldn’t stop myself from asking Shirley what I was about to ask…

“Yeah so?” Shirley said, looking to me entirely confused, her shirtless breasts heaving on her bra with her breathing.

“Well the challenge isn’t over yet, then.” I said, looking her square in the eyes. “Because, frankly, I don't believe you. I don’t think you have that strong a bladder at all, and Shirley, I nearby challenge you not to pee at all tonight. You get to pee tomorrow morning once I give you permission to let go, alright?” I said to my cousin with unrestricted confidence.

“Umm, okay? Well what about clothing? All my clothes are back at the house too? I don’t have anything but my bra to wear here that’s dry.” Shirley said as she glanced down at her own bulbous tits.

“We’ll go by the house and change clothes in the morning. Tonight we just sleep and rest up. It’s been a long night.” I said to her. I saw her lift her left foot a couple small inches off of the ground, her toes curling, looking quite urgent for a pee, but I refused to acknowledge her plight as I stared right back up into her eyes, searching them for consent to this challenge.

“Okay, tonight we rest.” she said, glancing back outside the front entrance of the tent, as if tempted to go with the others, their flashlights now walking away. Mark stepped back in the tent.

“Alright, I guess the others are gonna be a bunch of wusses and go sleep back the house, just us now.” he said as he jumped down onto the air mattress on the floor. Shirley and I slowly got down onto the bed and covered our feet with the blankets as the three of us lied next to each other for about thirty minutes, Mark falling asleep pretty quickly while Shirley and I lay staring up at the tent ceiling above us, the rain still splattering down hard. Suddenly, Shirley gripped herself between the legs, clutching her vagina through her leggings.

“Ugghhh, is it ever going to stop?” she whispered, obviously referring to the rain.

“Why does it matter, I thought you agreed not to pee until the morning.” I whispered back over to her as Mark snored beside her.

“I’m not, its just- well look, the sounds not helping me right now, okay?” she whispered. It must be so hard for her, still holding all that beer piss inside her while being forced to listen to all of the running water around her on the thin tent walls, while the rest of us got to relieve our poor bladders. I glanced down at Shirley’s exposed abdomen, firmly and prominently swollen from her bladder’s full contents. Her stomach looked so sexy, but so firmly rounded she almost looked pregnant at an early stage of pregnancy. She let go of herself and crossed one leg over the other as she rolled over onto the mattress facing towards me.

“You’re not gonna pee in the night are you?” I asked, looking her in the eyes.

“Relax, now you’re just insulting me. I wont pee until granted permission, and I wouldn’t take up a challenge I cant fulfill, alright?” she said in her gorgeous country accent. I genuinely wondered if she were even going to be able to fall asleep with such an obviously full bladder, but several countless minutes later, her eyes were wide shut, her lips parted slightly, as she lie motionless next to me, fast asleep. As I looked down at her breasts, one of them was smushed under her right arm and her beautiful nipple was now entirely free of her bra. What I would have given right there to just lean forward and suck on Shirley’s big beautiful exposed tit…GOD, she was hot.

I resisted the urge however, knowing that that wold irrevocably complicate things to a ridiculous degree, and then looked further down on her sleeping body. Her stomach, her bladder, was so rounded that her skin was taught across her belly. How full was this girl? I thought to myself. I wanted to reach out with my fingers and just lightly touch her stomach, caress her bladder, prod it just a little bit with my fingers to test the pressure, and fullness of her female bladder… Could I without waking her?

I looked back up to her closed eyes and sleeping face for several long minutes just to be sure she was sound asleep, before, slowly, silently, I reached out with both hands towards my sexy cousin’s rounded stomach. Finally, gently at first, I touched her amazingly soft skin on her swollen little tummy, and looking up, she made no reaction, just continued sleeping, looking so beautiful as she lie on the air mattress next to me. I pressed with more force onto her bladder with my fingers now, observing just how hard, firm and full she was.

She felt like a well inflated tire, something you might kick and show off to your buddies as they admired your pickup truck, out in this “neck of the woods” as they might say in West Virginia. Shirley’s bladder was certainly full, but she’d successfully managed to fall asleep in spite of her desperate need to relieve herself, and I had to admire her for it. I turned to lie on my back and gazed up at the rainy ceiling for a long while, taking in the memory of the whole day as the mix of the fresh rainy breeze and the faintest olfactory remnants of Maxine’s desperate peeing wafted past my nostrils, and I drifted off to sleep…

I was prodded awake at about nine in the morning with quick jabs at my shoulder…

I woke up gradually in heavy confusion, as I was interrupted mid-dream, struggling to determine where I was, and where I had just been in my dream, and what was going on? I opened my eyes and got my bearings and recognized Shirley, squatting down in front of me where I slept, still wearing her bra and camouflage legging shorts, beaming a big beautiful, toothy, happy smile down at me as she prodded my shoulder with her right hand.

“Morning sunshine!” she said to me as she smiled, trying to catch my gaze as I fluttered my eyes open and closed.

“Shirley? What’s up?” I asked, “I was sleeping.” I was genuinely slightly annoyed at being woken up unexpectedly, especially after all of last night’s escapades.

“That’s fine” she said smiling, “I’m gonna let you sleep, are you gonna let me pee?” she asked quickly, still fighting to catch my gaze as I closed my eyes once again, lying back down.

“What?” I said, still half-asleep.

“Remember, you said in the morning you’d give me permission to p- to go to the bathroom? Remember, Alex?” she said urgently, prodding my shoulder again. I just lay motionless. “Alex, remember? You guys all got to go pee last night? I still haven’t peed. Can I just have your permission and I’ll leave you alone?” she said in a sort of mock-joking tone, as the though the whole thing had just been joke, but I decided to be cruel, casually replying,

“Nope, I said you could pee when I woke up and gave you permission, not when you woke me up to get permission, that’s not what I’d said.” I replied, keeping my eyes closed, refusing to look Shirley in the eyes.

“I- I just- I really need to go to the bathroom, Alex. I couldn’t sleep any longer.”

“And you can’t hold it anymore? I thought you could hold it as long as you wanted to?” I said to her.

“I can, it’s just, well so what are you saying cousin? Are you denying me permission to relieve myself?” she asked with some real tone in her voice for the first time this morning.

“That’s exactly right. That’s what I’m doing.” I said, as I opened my eyes and really faced Shirley for the first time. Her legs were bouncing lightly up and down as she squatted there next to where I lay. The urgency in her bouncing was clear, and her stomach still looked well rounded and full. Shirley stood up now and paced the tent for a moment, before looking back down to me.

“Well are you getting up now? I’d really like it if we could begin the day already.” Shirley then saw and picked up her flannel shirt from the tent floor corner...

TO BE CONTINUED...

(P.S. WILL WRITE FOR COMMISSIONS. CONTACT ME!)

*008*2021-11-16 00:03

Comments are appreciated!

*013*2021-11-16 13:42

Who wants PART 4?
