Life is Strange

Author: facade

*000*2015-08-03 03:48

Spoilers for Episode one of Life is Strange. Most optional things were discluded and only main elements of the game are mentioned.

Life is Strange: Chrysalis, part one.

(Italics are spoken thoughts that Max thinks to herself in the story.)

I suddenly can’t remember what just happened even a second before this moment, but now I lie in the dirt being pelted by heavy and stinging rain. As I raise up my head, my eyes slowly open and regain their focus, though my vision is still blurry. Where am I? What’s happening? I carefully lift my body up and get back on my feet, I’m drenched from head to toe and the strong winds nearly knock me back down. I immediately freeze up, this isn’t safe at all. Fear chills through my body. I’m trapped in a storm? How did I get here, and where is “here”? My vision gradually comes in a bit clearer and I look around, trying to make out anything that I could possibly see. Wait… there’s the lighthouse, I’ll be safe if I can make it there.

I hope, please let me make it there…

One foot in front of the other, I carefully make my way along the beaten path which is covered in leaves and other debris from this strange storm. The wind’s strong gust shoves me in the opposite direction, but I force my way through. As I tread closer to the lighthouse, I finally reach the edge of the cliff and look out over the water. Holy shit. I can see a huge vortex causing major destruction. Before I have time to take cover, the vortex launches a stray boat straight into the light cage on the top of the lighthouse; its force shatters the stone support and causes it to fall to the ground towards me. Whoa, no! I thought for sure I was about to be crushed and killed under its massive weight at that very moment.

That was, until my vision dissipated and I woke up with a startled gasp. Back in my photography class at Blackwell Academy. I quickly lift my head off of the cold and wooden black table, my cheek peeling off it’s surface.That was so surreal… I look around as I begin to calm down.

“Alfred Hitchcock famously called film, “little pieces of time” but he could be talking about photography, as he likely was.”

Okay... I’m in class… everything's cool… I’m okay…

Mark Jefferson

, my teacher, is giving a lecture on photography. He’s a very famous photographer, and the main reason I decided to attend this private school but I can barely concentrate on the discussion after what just happened. As if that wasn't enough, I now realize that I need to use the bathroom. Great. Looking at the clock, I see that it’s about 3:50 pm, ten minutes left. Well at least class is over soon, so I’ll get a break. I could really use one right now, for multiple reasons...

“...These pieces of time can frame us in our glory and our sorrow; from light to shadow; from color to chiaroscuro…”

Just then, for seemingly no reason, Victoria tosses a crumpled up paper ball across the room and pelts Kate with it. She seems to be bullied a lot, and I can tell by her face that it bothers her. Maybe I should try being a better friend to her more.

“...Now, can you give me an example of a photographer who perfectly captured the human…”

For some reason, I totally missed what Mr. Jefferson said, but noticed Victoria’s phone vibrating. She didn’t care enough to answer it though. My thoughts drifted back to my experience a few moments ago. I didn’t fall asleep, and… that sure didn’t feel like a dream… weird.

“Anyone? ...Bueller?”

“Diane Arbus.” Victoria raised her hand and answered.

“There you go Victoria! Why Arbus?

“Because of her images of hopeless faces. You feel like, totally haunted by the eyes of those sad mothers and children.”

“She saw humanity as tortured, right? And frankly, it’s bullshit.” Mr. Jefferson responded.

Victoria Chase is a knowledgeable and talented photographer, but she’s such a bitch to anyone not in The Vortex Club, an elite social cult at the school who are responsible for organizing all the parties here.

Glancing down at my desk, I noticed a photo I had taken of myself

, gazing upon my wall of other photos. Look at this crap! How can I show this to Mr. Jefferson? I can hear the class laughing at me now. Mr. Jefferson says I have potential, but I’m nothing compared to the others. Then there’s my old school polaroid instant camera.I do love my analog camera. I should take a quick picture now.

I picked it up and aimed the lens towards my face, I probably looked like a dorky loser but oh well, I took a picture anyway. The snap of the instant film generating caught the attention of Mr. Jefferson.

“Shh, I believe Max has taken what you kids call a “selfie”... A dumb word for a wonderful photographic tradition. And Max… has a gift.”

I felt the eyes of all my classmates on me.

“Of course, as you all know, the photo portrait has been popular since the early 1800’s. Your generation was not the first to use images for selfie-expression. ...Sorry. Couldn’t resist.”

“The point remains that the portraiture has always been a vital aspect of art, and photography, for as long as it’s been around.”

Mr. Jefferson turned his gaze towards me once again.

“Now Max, since you’re captured our interest and clearly want to join the conversation, can you please tell us the name of the process that gave birth to the first self-portraits?”

His question pierced into my ears, I realized that I haven’t done as much research as I thought, or maybe I have and I just can’t think because of that weird… what was it a vision? I still can’t wrap my head around that bizarro experience. It feels like it actually happened. All eyes are on me again, I have to say something so I can get this class over with. I’m starting to need to use the bathroom more and there was no way he would let me go without an answer.

“I did know! ...But I kinda forgot.” I blurt out nervously. I can’t be expected to know everything all of the time, right?

“You either know this or not, Max.” He slaps a desk that he was leaning against in slight frustration. I guess he didn’t buy that excuse… “Is there anybody here who knows their stuff?”

He turns his attention to the rest of the class. And of course, Miss Perfect has all the answers.

“Louis Daguerre was a French painter who created “daguerreotypes” a process that gave portraits a sharp reflective style, like a mirror.” Victoria snobbingly answers before looking towards me.

“Now you’re totally stuck in the Retro Zone. Sad face."

I ignore her mocking remark about me and bear with the rest of the period.

“Very good, Victoria! The Daguerreian Process brought out fine detail in people’s faces, making them extremely popular from the 1800’s onward. The first American daguerreotype self-portrait was done by Robert Cornelius. You can find out all about him… in your textbook. Or even… online.”

The bell rings, finally. Break time is here! I begin putting my stuff away and hope that I can sneak out without a personal lecture from Mr. Jefferson.

“And guys don’t forget the deadline to submit a photo in the “Everyday Heroes” contest. I’ll fly out with the winner to San Francisco where you’ll be feted by the art world. It’s great exposure and it can kickstart a career in photography. So Stella and Alyssa, get it together. Taylor, don’t hide, I’m still waiting for your entry.”

I guess I wasn’t only one not to submit a photo yet.

“And yes Max, I see you pretending not to see me.” I’m so not getting out of this class without a talking-to am I… He was really pushing everyone to submit a photo, this contest is important to him. Not that it isn’t to me too, but I just don't know if I’m ready. I’ll talk to him about it really quick, then it’s time for a potty break.

As I walk towards the front of the class, I notice Kate Marsh sitting alone. I feel so bad for her, and she seems so sad a lot of the time. I hate Victoria and her posse bullying her all the time. I need to pee, but I can wait a little while longer.

“Hi, Kate. You seem quite today.” I say to her.

“Just thinking too much…” She softly responds, in a depressing tone. I know how she feels today.

“I hear that, want to go grab a cup o’ tea and bitch about life?”

“Thanks, but not today. I have to go over homework.”

“No worries. Let’s hang later.”

“Sure.” Kate responds unconfidently. Well, I can’t force her. I smile at her as I walk away to see Mr. Jefferson. My body shivers a tiny bit as I get close to him.

This is ridiculous, I always get so shy and nervous around Mr. Jefferson.

“Excuse me, Mr. Jefferson, can I talk to you for a moment?” He was talking to Victoria, who was sucking up to him as usual, probably to ensure she wins the contest.

“Yes, excuse you.” She snaps at me.

“No, Victoria, excuse us. I’d never let one of photography’s future stars avoid handing in her picture.” As if I had anything worth handing in. I slowly shuffle my weight around trying to think of what to say.

“Do I have to? I just don’t think it’s that big a deal.”

“Max, you’re a better photographer than a liar…” I didn’t think I was so good at either of those things. Photography has always been a comforting and calming hobby for me, just… not today.

“Now I know it’s a drag to hear some old dude lecture you… but life won’t wait for you to play catch-up. You’re young, the world is yours, blah blah blah, am I right?” I could see Victoria out of the corner of my eye, impatiently waiting for me to leave so she can butter him up so more.

"But you do have a gift, you have the fever to take images, to frame the world only the way you envision it.’ I rub the back of my neck nervously, his words were empowering, and it’s true, I have no confidence in myself. But I just have too much on my mind lately.

“Now, all you need is the courage to share your gift with others. That’s what separates the artist from the amateur.” And that was the end of the conversation. I’ll try to remember what he said, but for now I need to go freshen up and maybe go see my new friend, Warren. Which reminded me, I still need to try to get in contact with my old best friend, Chloe. I hope she won’t hate me for not contacting her for 5 years. She doesn’t even know I’m back in town after moving back from Seattle to attend Blackwell Academy, here in my home town of Arcadia Bay, Oregon.

As I walked out into the hallway, I drowned out the noisy chatter with my headphones, putting on some music and swiftly walked towards the bathroom.

Time to go splash water on my face and make sure I don’t look like a total loser.. and pee too.

The hallway is filled with other students, from all the usual cliques. The Jocks, the nerds, the skaters, the preppy cheerleader types… I’m not a part of any clique. Everyone says I’m hipster, but I think I’m just uniquely boring. If that makes any sense. I was wearing my usual outfit: jeans, a t-shirt with a hoodie over it and of course, my black Converse Chuck Taylors. My black messenger bag rested diagonally over my shoulders and against my back.

The walls of the hallway has missing person posters all over them. I don’t know who put them up but whoever it is must really miss her. It was Rachel Amber, who has been missing for 6 months. Poor girl, I wonder what happened to her, she looks so pretty. I turned to the right at the end of the hallway, where the girl’s room was, and entered.

It was a pretty small bathroom, graffiti on a few places, but substantial. The sink was my first stop, I felt like crap, so I poured some water over my face and looked at myself in the mirror. I don’t wear make-up like most girls do and my hair came a couple inches above my shoulders. Just the way I like it and easy to manage. I take a deep breath as I try to instill some confidence in myself. Just relax. Stop torturing yourself. You have “a gift.” I pull the photo from my bag that I was planning on turning in for the contest and look at it. This is shit… I can’t do anything with this. Fuck it. I ripped it in half and let the pieces fall to the tiled floor.

Just then, I see a shimmering blue butterfly fly in through the upper window and flutter behind the last stall. It’s so beautiful, I forget about my need for the toilet for now and follow it. When a door closes, a window opens… Or, something like that.I forgot where I heard that, but I immediately feel more confident. It lands on a metal bucket next to the janitor supplies.

Okay girl, you don’t get a photo op like this everyday…

Without thinking, I pull out my instant camera and snap a photo of the tiny but majestic creature. It flies away the moment I capture it’s beauty in a small 3.5” by 4.2” photo. It was like it wanted nothing more than for me to take its picture. I put my stuff away as I hear the bathroom door open. I peek around the corner of the stall to see who it was. It was a boy… Nathan Prescott

, the son of the richest and most prestigious family in town. In the girl’s restroom, creepy. I hide for now, that kid freaks me out.

He looks paranoid, looking at all the stalls but thankfully he didn’t see me at the end. What’s his deal? After thinking he was alone, he leaned against the sink and talked to himself in the mirror.

“It’s cool, Nathan… Don’t stress… You’re okay, bro. Just count to three…” He begins pacing around sporadically, panting and huffing like he just saw a ghost.

”Don’t be scared… You own this school… If I wanted, I could blow it up… You’re the boss...” Whoa. I hope that isn’t serious. His family does own this school though, as with a lot of other places in this town.

Then, another person entered. A.. blue haired girl dressed in punk clothing and a blue beanie that I don’t recognize, but for some reason seems familiar to me. She goes straight to Nathan.

“So what do you want?” He asked her. Apparently they were meeting here. God damn, now I really have to pee, but I can’t let them see me right now. This seems ominous.

“I hope you checked the perimeter, as my step-ass would say. Now let’s talk bidness--” She responds. So weird. I listen to their conversation.

"I got nothing for you.”

“Wrong. You got hella cash.”

“That’s my family, not me.”

“Oh boo hoo, poor little rich kid.”

Nathan is facing away from her, shaking his head like he’s about to go ape on her.

“I know you you’ve been pumpin’ drugs n’ shit to kids around here…” The persistent girl walks straight around him and gets in his face from the side of the sink. Her facial expression turns angry.

“I bet your respectable family would help me out if I went to them. Man, I can see the headlines now--”

“Leave them out of this, bitch.”

“I can tell everybody Nathan Prescott is a punk ass who begs like a little girl and talks to himself--” She begins shoving him on the arm violently and raising her voice.

Nathan then pulls out a pistol, and I nearly wet myself, in fact I just leaked a little. What the hell… Frightening chills run through my body… what’s he going to do with that gun, he wouldn’t shoot someone would he? I shake nervously and shift my weight from foot to foot, trying not to pee my pants like a scared little girl. Nathan aims the gun at the girl, extending his arm outwards as she steps away from him.

“You don’t know who the fuck I am or who you’re messing around with!”

The girl’s demeanor goes from aggressive to defensive quickly. Her hands come up to cover her body as she backs all the way against the wall. I gasp in fear and start to lose control of my bladder. My pants become soaked with urine, I try to hold back but my shaking muscles can’t stem the flow. This day just keeps getting worse but I don’t have time to even feel embarrassed from my accident just now.

“Where’d you get that? What are you doing? Come on, put that thing down.” Her voices shakes and Nathan presses his body against hers to prevent her from escaping. His hand slams against the wall next to her head as he aims his gun right at her chest.

“Don’t EVER tell me what to do. I’m so SICK of people trying to control me!” The scared girl stares into his eyes.

“You are going to get in hella more trouble for this than drugs--” She tried reasoning.

“Nobody would ever even miss your “punk ass” would they?"

“Get that gun away from me, psycho!” She shoves him hard and Nathan falls back, accidently pulling the trigger. A bullet enters her chest, she falls to the ground dead, and Nathan drops the gun in shock. Time stopped, I couldn’t bear to see this girl die. Immediately, I stepped out and extended my arm out to them, my palm facing forwards.

“NO!” I screamed out. And just like that, it felt like time just reversed itself but I retained all of the memories. And… now I’m back in Mr. Jefferson’s class?

Whoa! What the fuck…? How? How can that be? I was in the bathroom… He shot that poor girl… I held up my hand… and then I was back here.

“--about photography, as he likely was. These pieces of time can frame us in our glory and our sorrow; from light to shadow…”

I already heard this lecture…

“From color, to chiaroscuro.”

I look around, still in shock over whatever the hell just happened. Victoria threw the same paper ball at Kate again, just like before. Also, I still need to pee.

Now Kate is being hassled again… And if Victoria’s phone rings… This is real.

I wasn’t expecting it, as I looked to her phone sitting on the desk next to her, but it vibrated along the desk, startling the fuck out of me as I jerked and knocked my camera off the desk.

“Shit!” I saw it fall to the tile floor and break into a million pieces.

Man, I cannot believe this…

I took a deep breath, is this really happening? Okay, if I’m crazy, I might as well go all the way… Can I actually reverse time?

I held up my hand slowly, just like I did in the bathroom, if I was even there, and concentrated on… reversing time? I feel like such a loser for even attempting this… but then something insane happened.

The world around me began to move backwards, everyone’s movements, their words all went backwards. It feels like nothing I’ve ever felt before, a feeling that I can’t even begin to explain. My camera then repairs itself and flies back up to it’s position on my desk. I lower my hand and time resumes like normal.

I did it… I actually did it! I’m a human time machine…” I look at my new magic hand and caress it with my other hand. Mr. Jefferson is still giving the same lecture as before.

“Now, can you give me an example of a photographer who perfectly captured the human condition in black and white?”

“Anybody? Bueller…?”

Max, don’t freak out. Not yet.

Victoria answers the question like she did before my strange experience.

Keep it together, Max.

I need more proof that I’m not going crazy. Looking down at my newly repaired camera, I get an idea.When I took my selfie, Jefferson asked me a question.If he does again, I’ll know this is for real.

I repeat the process of taking my picture.

“Shh, I believe Max has taken what you kids call a “selfie”... A dumb word for a wonderful photographic tradition. And Max… has a gift.”

I know I’m not dreaming this. It’s real. I can tell. So I can go back in time…

“Your generation was not the first to use images for selfie-expression. ...Sorry. Couldn’t resist.”

What if that girl isn’t dead yet? Can I save her? I need to go to bathroom quickly and check it out!

“Now Max, since you’re captured our interest and clearly want to join the conversation, can you please tell us the name of the process that gave birth to the first self-portraits?”

Maybe I can just tell him what I know for sure is true right now.

“Um… I’m sorry but I really have to use the bathroom.” That wasn’t a lie.

“Nice try, Max. But you’re not going to get away that easy. We can talk more after class.”

Oh shit, Jefferson wants to keep me after class. And I need time to save that girl.

As Victoria gives the correct answer again, I begin worrying that I won’t make it to the bathroom in time.

“Louis Daguerre was a French painter who created “daguerreotypes” a process that gave portraits a sharp reflective style, like a mirror.” Again, she turns her mocking gaze towards me.

“Now you’re totally stuck in the Retro Zone. Sad face.”

Wait… that’s it!. What if I rewind again, and give him the right answer?

Putting my hand up, I experience the same thing, time reverses as I hold it out. Time goes back to normal as I lower my hand. Just before Jefferson asked me the same question about self portraits. This time, I know the answer.

“Now Max, since you’re captured our interest and clearly want to join the conversation, can you please tell us the name of the process that gave birth to the first self-portraits?”

“The Daguerreian Process. Invented by a French painted named… Louis Daguerre. Around 1830.” It didn’t come out as gracefully as Victoria would have put it, but hey, it was the right answer.

“Somebody has been reading as well as posing. Nice work, Max.”

Victoria scoffed at me, she looks so super jelly that I stole her thunder. It fills me with happiness. But I can’t focus on that right now, I have to save that girl, and not wet myself this time if I can help it.

“The Daguerreian Process made portraiture hugely popular, mainly because it gave the subjects clear defined features. You can learn more when you actually finish reading the assigned chapters. Max is so far, way ahead of everybody.”

Finally, the bell rang, now I can get out of here.

“And guys don’t forget the deadline to submit a photo in the “Everyday Heroes” contest. I’ll fly out with the winner to San Francisco where you’ll be feted by the art world. It’s great exposure and it can kickstart a career in photography. So Stella and Alyssa, get it together. Taylor, don’t hide, I’m still waiting for your entry.”

“And yes Max, I see you pretending not to see me.”

Max, you are not crazy. You are not dreaming. It’s time to be an everyday hero. Right after I talk to Mr. Jefferson again…

“Excuse me, Mr. Jefferson, can I talk to you for a moment?”

“Yes, excuse you.” Victoria snaps at me again.

“No, Victoria, excuse us. I’d never let one of photography’s future stars avoid handing in her picture.” I had to get this over with so I can get to the bathroom quickly.

“I’m not avoiding… just…”

“Biding time? Waiting for the elusive “right moment?”"

“Exactly” I said.

“Max, don’t wait too long. John Lennon once said that “Life is what happens while you’re busy making other plans.” Go on now, don’t let me stop you.”

I wonder if I could use that line to try to get on his good side. I mean, I know I have a girl to save from certain death and all but it wouldn’t hurt to test my new power out some more. It’s good practice. And I literally have all the time in the world, for now at least.

As soon I extend my hand, I feel time reverse again. I’m starting to get used to the feeling. After I stop, I prepare to use my newly learned quote.

“Excuse me, Mr. Jefferson, can I talk to you for a moment?”

“Yes, excuse you."

“No, Victoria, excuse us. I’d never let one of photography’s future stars avoid handing in her picture.”

“I’m on top of it. I think John Lennon once said that “Life is what happens while you’re busy making other plans.” I said confidently.

“Max, you’re on fire today. All the right answers. Good. Make sure you finish working on it by today. I have faith in you.” Jefferson turns back to Victoria and I smile as I walk out the classroom. Now I really need to get to the bathroom. For two reasons.

I hope have enough time to get the bathroom. Please… please. I can’t tell anybody… they’ll think I’m crazy!

Jogging down the hallway, I swiftly get into the bathroom and prepare for what is about to happen. My need for the toilet had to wait, I can’t risk fucking this up, even though I really do need to go now.

Okay Max, retrace every step.

I began doing everything I did before.

I washed my face… I shredded the photo… Then the… butterfly flew in… and I took a photo.

I waited behind the stalls in the exact spot I was in when Nathan the girl came in.

“Leave them out of this, bitch.”

“I can tell everybody Nathan Prescott is a punk ass who begs like a little girl and talks to himself--” She begins shoving him on the arm violently and raising her voice.

Pacing back and forth, I had to think quickly what I needed to do to stop her from being shot. I looked around, then saw the fire alarm button. But it’s behind glass, I need something to break it with.

“You don’t know who the fuck I am or who you’re messing around with!”

“Where’d you get that? What are you doing? Come on, put that thing down.”

Their conversation was getting heated like it was before, and I felt the gun that Nathan just now pulled out as if it was pressed against my own chest. I have little time.

“Don’t EVER tell me what to do. I’m so SICK of people trying to control me!”

Nathan was seconds away from shooting her when I finally find a hammer underneath the janitor’s cart next to me. I grab it, break the glass and slam my hand against the button, activating the fire alarm. The blaring alarm pulsates throughout the entire school. I never thought I would do that. Fire alarms were for real fires only, but this was cereal.

“No way..” Nathan responded, I peeked around the corner and watched my plan unfold.

“Don’t EVER touch me again, freak!” The girl swiftly kneed him in the balls and successfully pushed him off of her. He fell to the floor, knocking the gun out of his hand before bolting out of the room.

“Another shitty day...” He then grabs his gun and hobbles out after getting to his feet.

I saved her. I actually saved someone’s life…

That did not happen! This cannot be real! I just saw a girl get shot and then saved her! What the fuck is going on?

Right before I start to leave, I notice something feels weird. Oh shit… did I just? I look down at my pants. Yep… I failed the second part of my bathroom mission. I completely wet myself… again. This time I have all the time in the world to feel embarrassed.Too much excitement, I guess. I sigh, disappointed. It probably happened while I was freaking out just now.

I had to get out of here before someone comes in and sees me. Thankfully, classes are over and I can get back to my dorm to change. As I leave and head that way, David Madsen

, our school’s security guard stops me in my tracks. I felt my face flush red as I was standing in front of him with wet pants.

“Hey, do you hear that fire alarm? That means you should be outside.” The man said in a stern and unforgiving voice. His eyes and moustache stared into my face like I just dissed him. I keep my bag over the front of my pants to hide my accident.

“I had to use the bathroom…” I meekly said, even though I didn’t really use it. This was so humiliating. I looked down at my feet, sweating profusely.

“Girls always use that excuse.”

“Excuse for what?”

“For whatever it is that you’re up to. Your face is covered in guilt.”

I saw Principal Wells step out of his office from the corner of my eye at this point, great more people to distract me.

“The alarm tripped me out…”

“Then trip on out of here, Missy. Or are you hiding something? Huh?” He almost got into my face but the Principal called him away, thank god.

“Thank you Mr. Madsen, the situation is under control. There’s no emergency here. Leave Miss Caulfield alone and please turn off that alarm, since that’s your job.”

Madsen looked to him, back to me and then gave me a small frown before heading off. Finally. As I started to leave the building though, Wells called me back to him. I could still feel the heat on my red face.

“Hold on Miss Caulfield, come back here.” I slowly walked back to him and looked up to the large, dark skinned, bald headed male. His deep voice permeates through my body and the smell of his cologne travels through my nostrils.

“You look a little stressed out. Are you okay?” I keep my bag in front of me and hope he doesn’t see under it.

“I’m… I’m just a little worried about my… future.” I nervously responded.

“You’re sweating pinballs. Is that all you’re thinking about?” He stepped closer to me.

"You can always be upfront with me, Max. Or have you done something wrong… Is that it? Well Max, talk to me.”

I didn’t know what to say, should I report Nathan or keep this a secret. Nathan is dangerous and if he finds out that I reported him, I could be in real trouble. Of course, if I report him, he could be brought to justice and kept from bringing harm to others.

I had a decision to make, and I needed to make it quick so I can get back to my dorm. I’m already starting to chaff from my wet pants. I didn’t have the guts to tell him the truth.

“I just got sick in class… Um, female trouble--” I can’t believe I decided to go with that lame excuse.

"Except you’re wandering around like a zombie. And do you think that’s the first time a student has used that line on me?”

“It’s the truth. I felt dizzy in Mr. Jefferson’s class--”

“Just tell me what you’re hiding. You can trust me.”

“There’s nothing to hide. I got sick. It happens, you know--”

“There’s that teen ‘tude again. You know, I’ve heard enough. Don’t think I don’t know what goes on around here.” He said sternly, almost sounding like Madsen. “You’ve only been here for three weeks and you’re already causing conflict. I don’t think your parents will approve when they find out.” And I thought he was going to be more sensitive.

No, he does not buy that at all. I may have just flushed my scholarship down the toilet.

I’ve seriously had it with these lectures today. There’s no point in reversing this decision. Now that I’ve heard his reaction, I doubt he would have taken me seriously anyway.

“Now get outside with the class. Please.”

At that, I left the building. I headed straight to my dorm, where I could at least get refreshed before meeting up with Warren today. First objective? Get the fuck out of these wet pants. Then I could worry about my new super power.

###

There's obviously going to be a second part to this episode, with more omorashi elements of course, but this is all I had time to write up at the moment and I want to see if this is going to be something people are interested in. Let me know what you think.

$$

*005*2015-08-03 20:39

{{:

I love Life is Strange! Unfortunately I haven't been able to play the new episode since the game keeps crashing on me. Oh well. Even though there was a lot of this that was the same, I didn't mind. I loved your inserts into the story. I cannot wait until the next part!

}}

It hurts to know that people can't play this game due to the crashing. Have you tried to fix it? They've released a patch to address some of the crashing.

%http://steamcommunity.com/app/319630/discussions/0/541906989410235997/

*008*2015-08-04 03:21

{{:

I loved the first part of this. In fact I just finished episode one of Life is Strange today, and I am planning on buying the rest this week. Continue on with this series, it is perfect so far.

}}

It really is one of the greatest stories I've ever experienced in my life.

Thanks for the feedback everyone, I will continue this series definitely. It's kinda fun, and frustrating too, to convert everything to text. I want to get a solid feel for the story and characters this way so I can create some original fan-fiction of it later. Things like: what I feel would have happened when Chloe and Rachel were friends, things in between episodes, etc.

*010*2015-08-04 06:51

{{:

I always love your stories. I just realized, though, I don't enjoy them in the same way I enjoy other omorashi stories. Not that they are worse by any mean, but your stories have this unique charm to them that I can't quite put my finger on.

}}

I appreciate this compliment. I assume it might come from how I feel about the subject. I dont fully understand it either though. I dont enjoy sexual arousal in my omorashi material and I try to avoid it unless its part of a plot. I enjoy a more casual approach to it.

*016*2015-09-03 11:02

As soon as I stop hating everything I write.

*017*2015-10-23 01:16

Just realized I implied that Max reversed time in the bathroom after going back a second time.... when in fact she didn't. Which means she shouldn't have used that as an excuse for wetting herself. I am the dumbest idiot.

And yes I still want to continue this. Trying to collect my interpretation of it to get it done.

*019*2015-10-23 15:50

{{:

I'm about to replay all of LiS. Want some help?

}}

Help with this story? I don't know, generally I prefer it to be just me working on my stories for the most part. But if you have any ideas that you think may help, feel free to post them. I mean, I have some ideas to put more omorashi situations in various parts of the story and I already fucked up one of them, but I'm afraid I won't be able to change much that would make any sense. At least not without completely changing some key plot elements, which I'm tempted to do but I don't know if I should.

Edit: Fixed the gaping plot hole that I created. Max no longer pretends that she rewound time the second time around.

*022*2015-12-05 09:05

{{:

Interesting seeing the game converted to text form. You could have altered the confrontations with David and Wells a bit though, as if she wet herself I don't think they have as much trouble buying the "I had to pee" excuse. Staying true to the story is nice, but since you are altering it with an omo spin, you don't have to make the characters so stubborn as to not notice the giant wet spot on a girl coming out of the bathroom :P

I really like how you subtly included images and music in the text to give better context. I'm interested to see how much you actually decide to change in the story to suit an omorashi audience.

}}

I suppose that would have been more interesting.. Not sure why I didn't think of that.

What do you mean by including images and music?

*024*2015-12-07 06:44

{{:

Uh...the main post has hyperlinks to screenshots of the characters and youtube videos of the soundtrack, doesn't it?

}}

Oh. Yeah. I was thinking you meant some kind of clever metaphors I used or something.

Anyway. I still want to continue this. I have several fiction series' that I'm working on including another LiS post bay fanfiction that doesn't include omorashi.

$$

