Peer Tutor - Page 2

Author: Cally Rae

*025*2020-05-14 16:42

Thank you Imposter. I’m really trying to get into the head space of the characters. I appreciate all the comments and feedback; it really makes this story worth writing to know I’m not the only one enjoying it.

*027*2020-05-14 17:18

Short little bonus chapter today because if you’re like me, you’ve been waiting for this conversation ever since Mia first experiences that tingly feeling in the library.

...

Mia had grown into the role of comforter in her relationship with Lucas. As confident as he was externally at school or on the basketball court, he had been hiding away his insecurities, and she was really the only person he’d opened up to about it. However, as she sat there in that silence, she felt the weight of the shame that Lucas must feel every day. Quiet tears rolled down her cheeks as she thought she may have just ruined her blooming relationship with the incredible boy sitting next to her.

She looked up and sniffled, finally choosing to break the silence herself. “I’m sorry Lucas, I can’t help it. Do you hate me?”

He suddenly realized that his silent processing of this newly received information had caused her to question herself. This was a different side of Mia he hadn’t seen. The Mia he had gotten to know was unapologetically confident, and to see her feeling helpless and ashamed made him see a piece of himself. The way she felt now was almost exactly how he felt every time he’d had an embarrassing accident.

He leaned over brushing her blond hair out of her face, wiping the tears off of her cheeks, and planting a sweet kiss right on the tip of her nose. “Mia, you don’t have to apologize for who you are okay? Ever. And I don’t think I could ever hate you.”

She looked up at him, her big blue eyes full of unshed tears. “Really?”

“Yes really,” he said putting his hand on her thigh and offering her an encouraging smile. “I know I don’t like my accidents, but I really like you.” He paused before adding, “But I’m not totally against learning, and besides, I’ve heard that you’re a pretty good tutor.”

She chuckled at that.

“Finally, there’s that beautiful smile. Come on you, let’s watch a movie.”

*030*2020-05-15 17:53

To those of you who have been reading this story for a while, I’d like some input. How should Mia begin to introduce Lucas to her kink? I’m having trouble writing the next couple of chapters, and I’d like to hear what you guys think. Thanks

*033*2020-05-16 04:52

Thank you for the suggestions! They were very helpful. I think you will like where I went with this. This may be my favorite chapter yet.

Enjoy : )

Mia got them both a tall glass of water. Then they went to her room and snuggled into her bed, propping some pillows up behind them so they could sit up and watch the movie. Mia flipped on a comedy that she’d recorded and Lucas put his arm around Mia whom rested her hand in his thigh.

Mia had seen the movie before but she wanted to show it to Lucas. However, not 30 minutes she looked over at him and he was fast asleep. She contemplated waking him up, but she knew that he’d not only been under a lot of physical stress lately with basketball but he’d been under a lot of emotional stress as well trying to keep his embarrassing secret hidden. He was no doubt completely drained, so she figured she would let him sleep. She didn’t mind just watching the movie anyways because it was one of her favorite.

About 45 minutes later, she felt him stir slightly and mumble something incoherent in his sleep. She smiled, before turning her attention back to the movie. That is until her hand, which was still resting in his lap detected a bit of wetness. She tore her eyes off the screen immediately fixing them on Lucas’s pants while he began to wet himself, still completely deep in sleep. Rather than pull her hand away she gently slid it closer to his crotch. She watched in awe as wetness blossomed across his lap and his hot pee spread down the fabric of his khaki pants, a single trickle running over her hand. Her left leg, which was intertwined with his legs, became damp with his pee as her jeans absorbed the moisture. She felt a certain wetness dampen her own panties, although the substance was slipperier than urine. She was incredibly turned on. Finally his stream died out, and she sat in shock for a few moments.

She didn’t want to wake him up because she knew he would be ashamed, but she figured she probably better. She kissed his cheek, and then gently bit his ear. He stirred but didn’t wake up. She kissed his neck and he stirred again, so she swung her one leg over him, now on her knees hovering above him and softly kissed his lips. This woke him up and he reciprocated, kissing her back. Still turned on from watching his accident, she kissed him with more passion than before. Then all of the sudden he pulled back abruptly.

His eyes grew wide as he came to came realization. His hand, which had been rubbing Mia’s back, jerked away as he felt his pants. Just as he had suspected his hand gripped soaking wet fabric, still slightly warm. His mouth dropped open and he looked at Mia mortified. Not only was he soaked, but he could seek that she had a large wet patch on the side of her leg. It was bad enough that he’d had wet the bed with her in it, but it was her bed, and he’d somehow managed to actually get piss on her.

“Hey hey, don’t freak out. Lucas, please don’t freak out,” Mia pleaded when she saw the stunned look on his face.

“Freak out? I’m way past freaking out Mia.” He said defensively and she leaned back. “Look at me, look at your bed, Jesus Mia, look at your jeans.”

“The clothes and sheets will wash, we can scrub the mattress, I don’t understand why you’re making such a big deal out of this,” Mia said. She was still straddling him but she sat back on her heels to give him the space that he needed.

“I didn’t mean to snap, it’s just... it’s just not fair.” He sighed, “This is always happening to me, just me.”

“Oh well if that’s the problem...” she said. “I could level the playing field?”

“What’s that even supposed to mean?”

“Well you’re right Lucas. I wasn’t being entirely fair. I have seen you in more compromising positions than you’ve seen me in.”

He just gave her a curious look.

So Mia, taking charge once again, leaned over and grabbed his hand. She very slowly guided it towards the crotch of her jeans. He didn’t make any attempt to pull away, his eyes going back and forth between the mischievous look on her face and the crotch of her jeans. So Mia placed his palm against the inside of her thigh. “Do you want me to stop?” she asked. He shook his head. “Tell me if you want me to stop, okay.” He nodded. She wasn’t planning on really wetting herself, just a teeny bit to make him feel better.

With his hand just below her crotch, still kneeling on the bed with him laying underneath, she released a single squirt. It dampened her panties but that was all. She realized just how bad she actually needed to go. She let another squirt go, this one left a very small wet spot on her jeans. Lucas had his eyes glued to her jeans in shock, but he managed to pull his gaze away for a moment to look at her face. He watched as Mia gently but her lower lip. God, if it wasn’t hot enough having his hand right there on her upper thigh, or her taking control like the confident woman she was, seeing her so turned on by this was sexy as hell. She started dribbling, and had to clamp down hard to stop. One small trickle ran over Lucas’s thumb. He wiped it off on her jeans, although Mia noticed he didn’t seem to be grossed out by it.

Although her need to release her bladder had increased now that she’d allowed some temporary relief, Mia didn’t dare pee any more. She didn’t want to overwhelm Lucas. But looking at him he was anything but that.

“See, Lucas there’s nothing wrong with a little accident every once in a while,” she said with a smile.

“That wasn’t an accident,” he responded blankly.

Mia wondered if she had just made a huge mistake, judging by the unamused day tone of his voice, but she didn’t know what Lucas was plotting.

With a glance over at her empty water glass on the bedside table, knowledge of a full bottle of coke filling her bladder along with his previous experience that told him how much harder it was to hold after having wet yourself a bit, he took a gamble.

In one swift motion Lucas put his arms around her back pulling her in and causing her to collapse on top of him, he rolled over. Now he was the one kneeling over her. Then he began tickling her neck.

“Luuuucas,” she screeched with a giggle. But he only continued with the tickling alternating between her neck and under arms. He used his knees to trap her arms at her sides so she could neither defend herself from his tickling or hold herself when she began losing the battle with her bladder. This didn’t stop her from squirming around like crazy, but he was strong enough that that tactic didn’t get her very far.

“Lucas stop, I’m gonna peeee,” she said between laughs. He smirked, still tickling her relentlessly, but with his eyes now fixed on the crotch of her jeans. No sooner had she said that than she lost a forceful spurt.

This only caused her to laugh even harder and she lost any hope at control, pee gushed out of her, running in little trails all over her jeans. Lucas watched in awe as wetness bloomed across Mia’s lap, and he felt himself stiffen in his wet boxers. She couldn’t stop even if she wanted to, and her hot pee began to pool under her butt. Her stream finally tapered off leaving two very wet, giggly, turned on teenagers in Mia’s bed.

“Now that was an accident,” Lucas declared.

Mia had to give him credit for creativity, but she didn’t mind a bit that he’d finally got the upper hand on her. She grasped him by the shirt and pulled him down on top of her kissing him with passion. He kissed her back, matching her enthusiasm as she ran her fingers through his wavy brown hair. Mia forced herself to pull away, both of them breathing heavily, and said “we’d probably better wash up.”

Lucas realizing just how far he might have gone if she hadn’t stopped the both of them sat up looking slightly abashed. “That’s probably a good idea,” he said.

*037*2020-05-16 22:48

{{51 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

I wouldn't mind seeing Mia have an accident here and there.

}}

I’ll keep that in mind! I have some things planned for her, but it’s still a few chapters out.

{{15 hours ago, Impostor said:

Wow! The best chapter so far!

I loved everything: Lucas wetting himself again, Mia turned on by it and peeing herself... and the tickling! Lovely!

Thank you!

}}

Thank you imposter! I appreciate your loyalty to this story and your kind comments

{{12 hours ago, remos6 said:

I like the way this story is developing, although this sounds delectable - stories with mutual bedwetting are very rare fruit

}}

Okay thank you for the feedback. Are you thinking mutually accidental, or more what Yellow Pengu suggested??

*040*2020-05-23 07:29

I’m sorry for this story’s abrupt ending, but I just can’t write it in good conscience anymore. I guess I just feel guilty and I don’t want to live my life feeling that way. I wish you all the best,

Cal

