Results of the story competition III

Author: Flush

*000*2012-09-06 06:03

Ladies and gentlemen, I present you the results of the third omorashi.org writing competition! Unfortunately, there was only one submission for the contest. It was a story that certainly could compete with the best, but turns out that it didn't have to; congratulations:

MEOWTH with his story "JESSICA"

Below are the points given by the judges: Pantiburaun and me. Also, we wrote a small piece of comment about each story. I want to thank Pantiburaun but most of all I want to tell the contestants how much I admire their work. I can't thank them enough for entering the competition, the submissions were - again - supreme. Meowth - and SVelte; my deepest respect. Off course I am sad that there was only one true contestant, but you guys did a great job!

Jessica

By Meowth

Spelling & Grammar: 4 - 5

Style: 4 - 4

Characters: 5 - 4

Arousal: 4 - 4

Plot: 8 - 9

A well deserved first place, despite the low number of contestants. Meowth even scores better than in his first story competiton: 51/60 (85 %) instead of 74/90 (82%)! Congratulations.

"Jessica" from Pantiburaun's humble point of view:

I think the first "scene" was mainly for character introduction. He may of thought it would be too cliche to start in the situation straight away, it did however drag on for a bit.

Comment: Overall a great story. Save for a (literal) couple spelling mistakes it was perfect in that aspect. I think some sentences could have been re-worded a bit for a large majority they were fine. The characters were well done and I think Bruce would be a trigger for many a young male, so well done there. It was also good to read that the main character didn't have a weak bladder, or bladder infection, making it seem more genuine. The plot was great, but you just needed a little bit more at the end for it to finish "nicely" - a decent one liner or something, it just seemed to come to an abrupt end with "a large puddle around her feet". Nonetheless congratulations on the victory, and as a side note I believe you would be "up there" if some other writes had also entered!

"Jessica" from Flush's humble point of view:

The only submission for the story competition, but thankfully, it was a great one. A long and detailed one too; 6000 words, divided into two “scenes”. Although I really enjoyed the first scene, I afterwards wondered why it was in the story; there wasn’t a real connection between the first and the second scene. I guess Meowth just had too much inspiration... and that is definitely not a bad thing!

The second part of the story met my expectations of this scenario for 100%, and the character “Bruce” was psychologically just splendid; feeling bad for her, but also enjoying her situation at the same time...

Meowth's writing style was top notch again, and while this story is a little less "poetic" than some of his others, I think he really focused on the plot here. Which, in my opinion is great, a good plot is important.

Submissions to late to be judged:

Kerry's torrent

By SVelte

Spelling & Grammar: 5

Style: 3

Characters: 4

Arousal: 4

Plot: 9

This story would have been a splendid entry, but was just a few days late. Too bad! For that reason, it was not part of the judging package, but as a "thank you" for entering, here's my review: 25/30 (82%)

"Kerry's torrent" from Flush's humble point of view:

Another "zoo" story, but definitely a different scenario. The "wetting scene" was extremely original and the ending of the story was just supreme. The writer certainly has eye for detail and originality - this originality makes this story fun to read. One small point of criticism; maybe the story should have been divided in paragraphs, it would make it easier to read and the dialogues between the two characters would be more apparent. (I was going to comment that the dialogues were a bit thin, but when you focus on them they are great for this story. Just a bit buried between big blocks of text. In my own opinion off course),

On a sidenote, since you were promoting your Amazon work in your thread: "Water Torture

" is a great read too (just bought it)

