An Embarrassing Home Stay Story

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-18 04:51

The Embarrassing Home Stay Period

Main Character: Yukari Sato

A rush of fluent Japanese chatter filled the airport as Yukari hugged her mother one last time and then looked around at her high school teacher. Her high school teacher had promised that this summer, the fifteen boys and girls that went with her to Chicago would find a very interesting and enjoyable experience, and that they would come back at the end of the three months sprouting off in English as natural as most people spoke in their native languages.

Technically, the Japanese schools would not let out for summer vacation for at least another two months, but the teacher had assured the parents that the students that she chose would easily be able to stay caught up on their subjects, and that this really was a once in a life time opportunity.

So now, here was a young first year high school girl, fifteen years old, and about to embark on an exciting quest that she would never dream she’d be picked for. The bustling airport was full of travelers, and the teacher’s constant looks of anxiety and recounts of students every time they moved made Yukari feel like one of her classmates might disappear at any moment.

Finally, as the group of students were ushered onto the plane, Yukari’s heart which was going up and down vicious rapids of emotion started to feel the peak of anxiety ebbing away. She took her seat next to the window of aircraft and her long time friend, Mayumi sat next to her.

“Mitte,” Yukari pointed out the window for Mayumi, and Mayumi’s mouth dropped at all the activity on the flight line. There were trucks coming this way and that, there were arriving and departing planes, and there were lots of people on the ground loading even their very plane.

“Speak English, please,” their teacher had bent down to check on them. “From this point forward, most of the people you try to talk with are not going to know Japanese, so you need to practice your English.”

“Hai!” the girls said, and then giggled as they covered their mouths and the teacher smiled at them.

“It’s Engrish that we can do this things, so let’s gambatte!” Mayumi smiled to Yukari who nodded in turn. “I don’t stand to wait seeing my new prace to stay at the America.”

“Me too,” Yukari nodded in full agreement. “But in my stomach is strange feerings about everysing.”

“I know. Me too, right?”

The girls were soon talking in English flooded with a heavy Asian accent and many left off articles and parts of speech that they didn’t yet understand. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway, as they understood each other well enough to continue talking, and the plane was too full of people minding their own business to think about how good or bad their English really was.

After some time, however, the girls had given to complete Japanese again because it was difficult to speak in solid English for more than a few minutes at a time. By then, they were into the air, and Yukari looked around the plane a little uncertain as several people started to stand up and walked this way and that along the cabin.

Hours later, so much into the flight that Yukari wasn’t sure what time it was, she looked up at the lit signs and noticed that the seatbelt sign was off allowing people to move, but the toilet signs indicating that toilets were full were on. She looked up at a passing adult.

“Excuse,” she said softly and the adult moved past her seats without hearing her. “Excuse,” she said again softly as another adult moved past. Yukari looked down. Where was her teacher? She tried to look around, but the cabin of the plane was so dim it was hard to really see people’s faces unless you were right upon them.

Yukari pulled her seatbelt off, and carefully stepping around her friend’s seat, for her friend was asleep, she made her way to the aisle. She looked up and down the aisle, but didn’t see her teacher. Still, she could see where most of the waiting people were, and she guessed that was where her destination was. She started to walk, a little trembling at the knees because she was unsure of the stability of the aircraft in the air. She could see a few people waiting in front of doors that seemed no larger than closets.

“Excuse,” she tapped one adult on the shoulder.

“Yes?” the woman turned to look at her with a smile.

“Is this that prace of toirets?”

“Yes, it is. It seems to be quite busy, doesn’t it?”

Yukari nodded.

“So are you really Japanese?”

Yukari nodded again.

“Your Japanese is pretty good!”

Yukari blushed and held her head down looking at her toes. She didn’t think it was that good at all.

Once she had gone quiet, the woman looked back to the front to see another person go in. She sighed and Yukari knew how she felt as she felt her bladder filling. She wondered how long it would be before she could get in the little closet room, that she had glimpsed when the last person had come out.

Yukari’s deep brown eyes eyed the people coming out, and those going in willing them to hurry. Her blue-black hair that hung well past her shoulders was straight and shiny and laid upon her back in complete rest for the air in the plane was so still. Her thin arms shook from a chill that had nothing to do with the temperature of the room. She was slightly shaking in her knees, not only because she was nervous as she stood there waiting, but because her abdomen was telling her that if she waited much longer, she might experience a shocking accident which was something that had not happened to her since elementary school.

Yukari saw one of the uniformed flight attendants walking down towards the restroom area.

“I’m terribly sorry, everyone, but we are going to be experiencing some turbulence, so you really should go back to your seats.”

Yukari pulled on the woman’s sleeve much like a little kid might.

“Miss?” she said as confidently as she could. “I don’t go back seat without that toiret to go. I don’t stand waiting.”

“I’m really sorry, but you don’t have a choice. It’s dangerous right now to be up and about.”

“I don’t stand it, waiting. Prease, I just hurry and then sit down.”

“No. Go to your seat before I go get your teacher.”

Yukari gulped. Looking down, she started back towards her seat, and halfway there, she felt the plane suddenly rise and fall what seemed like feet! She almost fell on her butt, and the feeling that she was about to fly up to the roof and hit her head made her realize just how dangerous being up at the moment really was.

That was probably an exaggeration, she realized as she sat down, but it still didn’t feel too good to be nearly tossed up out of control and helpless. She crawled across her friend who was now awake, and took her seat the flight attendant helping her to quickly fasten the belt in place.

“Where were you?” her friend asked.

“I tried to go a toiret, but it become dangerous now, so I must stand to wait more time.”

“Let’s just speak Japanese,” Mayumi said simply. “Eigo ha muzukashi, ne!” (English is a little difficult, isn’t it?).

Yukari nodded.

Even as her friend spoke, Yukari could not really pay attention to what she was talking about whether she spoke English or Japanese because her desire to pee was burning at her little girl opening between the cracks of her private area downstairs.

“Ne, doshita no?” (what’s wrong) Mayumi asked Yukari when she realized that she wasn’t really talking now.

“Nan demo nai,” Yukari blushed trying to put her friend off. “Atashi ha nemui dake desu.”

Mayumi raised her eyebrows so that Yukari wasn’t really sure that she had bought it that she was just sleepy. Still, it would be embarrassing to tell anyone that she was about to wet her panties, and that there was nothing she could do about it because they were not allow to go to the toilets at the moment.

Mayumi was also watching the signs, but Yukari wasn’t sure if it was for her, or if her friend also had to go. She wouldn’t say, and Yukari couldn’t really blame her if she did have to go, and knew there was nothing they could do about it. She cast around for a change of topic, even while she tried to will herself still, and to keep her hands away from under her skirt.

*001*2012-06-19 00:26

Yukari reclined her seat so that no one would question that she was tired, and she turned to face the window though someone had long before closed the shutter for it. She thought about her situation, and about what the people that picked her up might say if she didn’t make it.

The humiliation of being seen like that gave Yukari more strength to press her knees into each other, and to will her bladder to stop rumbling and to seal off her tube that would allow any kind of drips or dribbles out. It hurt as she breathed heavily trying to wait, but she hoped that it would soon be over when they turned off the signs, and she was allowed to get to the washrooms.

The signs seemed to glare at her and mock her. She glanced at them from time to time, slightly squirming in her seat. Sweat was starting to form on her head, and along her legs where she had pressed her knees so tightly together. She hoped she could make it.

Suddenly, while the sign seemed to just laugh at her, she felt a little pressure, a thin string like presence slipping down her insides, and then a small splash pounding on the gusset of her panties so loud she was afraid someone heard it, but in reality, her mind made it seem much worse than it was.

She reached under her skirt to touch the dark blue shorts that her school required the young girls to wear as a precaution which meant no one at her school ever had seen a girl’s actual panties even on a very windy day. She felt relieved that her shorts still felt dry, but she was getting worried. Once she started to drizzle a little, the rest would start squirting soon enough.

She kept her hand there, since it was already touching her shorts, and she used it to add pressure on her pee hole as she squirmed a bit trying to hold it. Her face was concentrating on trying to keep her shame from escaping, and she shook with the effort to keep her legs crossed tightly against her hand.

If Mayumi had noticed what she was doing, she said nothing. Yukari kept her back to Mayumi, wanting to not discuss her private dilemma even though Mayumi was her best friend. How could she tell her peer that she was going to pee her pants?

She glanced again to the seatbelt sigh, and her mind said something in Japanese that meant ‘fuck you! If you don’t change right now….’ But what could she do to some inanimate object that was nothing but a light?

Her privates burned, her stomach pulsed again, and she felt the insides of her tube trying to open again even though she willed them closed, and tried to push her fingers deeper against her pee hole through the thick dark blue shorts. She started to breath a bit heavy, a soft worried moaning started as if she was trying to catch her breath from a race, but also partly a cry from embarrassment as she tried to stop the liquid from building.

“Ganbatte dekinai,” she whispered to herself in the low whine as she pushed her privates harder with her hand. “Omorashii naru no…” she said to herself. Her head was burning up with shame, her body was shaking, her legs were still and squeezing on her hand to add pressure to her fingers in her cunt, but then she felt it….

“shu…ush….chshch…it” a bit of a stream slipped through her tubes and dampened her cotton panties a bit more. The shorts were still hard to tell because she was already sweating so bad, but at least it wasn’t enough to give her away even if they were a bit damp. She breathed heavily, moaning at herself to stop, but then a bit more…

“Sh…you&#39;re….sh…ch…shit…shit…shit.” she felt four or five more streams escape before her hole seemed to close up for the moment. Now, her fingers were definitely damp. Her seat below her fingers felt damp, but somehow, she was sure that that was just the very edge of what was to come. She hadn’t really even started yet, and her eyes were growing wide all the time that each spurt slipped out. She was going to do it, now.

She wanted the sign to turn off, and she’d wanted to promise to give it anything if it did, but it was silly thinking that the light would want anything. It was just a light. She was still shaking, and her moaning was getting louder. She felt her hole preparing to open wider than before, and to really pour just before it did.

For several moments, her face frozen in panic and sweat, Yukari gasped as squirt after squirt seeped through her body, through her panties, and wet the seat beneath her more and more. She was starting to cry, and the sobbing didn’t help with the control as the shakes from it just pushed on her bladder more making the stream stronger, thicker, and unstoppable.

Moments later, someone from the back of her seat yelled ‘Hey!’ as they retrieved their bags from under her seat! She would hear the complaining, and someone kicked her seat jolting her so that her urine poured harder and faster. The peeing seemed to last an hour in her mind, but actually it was probably no more than a couple of minutes.

When she finished wetting her pants, she couldn’t stand to look even at Mayumi, and she continued to face the window, just sitting there in her pee.

*002*2012-06-19 12:23

Yukari ignored the seatbelt sign wants it went off, her face burning as she tried to keep from paying attention to anyone. She felt her friend moved from the seat, and was sure she had gone to the bathroom.

Behind her, a man was talking to a flight attendant.

“Look what that girl in front of us did to my bag! She’s not even trying to clean herself up! Does she have parents or anyone responsible for her on this trip?”

“I’m sorry, sir. I’ll talk with her.”

“What of my bag? I’m not putting it on the floor when we land if that puddle is still there.”

“I’ll get a plastic bag for the floor.”

“What if she wets again?”

“I’ll take care of it. Please,” the woman said looking worried.

“If she wets on my stuff again, I’ll sue the airline.”

“She won’t.”

Yukari had not heard any of that as it was all in whispers, but not long after that, her teacher came to sit in Mayumi’s place.

“Honey?” she shook Yukari believing her to be asleep. “You wet the bed, honey,” she said politely to the young girl. “I want you to get up and come to the toilets with me.”

Yukari nodded, her face very red.

“It’s okay,” the teacher smiled at her. “Lots of teenagers wet the bed, and most of them are too embarrassed to tell anyone, so I know why you didn’t tell me. I’ll just tell your host family that you need diapers at night, honey.”

“I… I don’t,” Yukari said. Of course, they were speaking in fluent Japanese and only those that could understand Japanese knew what was being said.

“Honey, just do as you are told.”

Yukari looked down. She knew that she had to do what she was told, but she really wanted to insist that she didn’t wear diapers at night, and that this was not because of that, but then she wondered if it would be worse if she said she wet in the day time. She normally didn’t, but that stupid sign!

The teacher pulled off her skirt in the little hallway, there were a few people watching which made her not only embarrassed but nervous.

Once the teacher had her wet panties, shorts, and skirt in hand, she sent the teenager into the bathroom. Yukari just went in, tears falling from her eyes again as she sat on the toilet knowing she didn’t have to go.

A few minutes later, the teacher knocked on her door.

“Yes?” Yukari called through the door to make sure it was the teacher.

“Open the door, honey. I have some clothes for you.”

To Yukari’s embarrassment, the teacher and she could not both fit in the tiny space in the bathroom very well, so keeping the door open, and Yukari mostly inside, but the teacher with the door open, helped the girl get a diaper on.

“Why am I wearing a diaper?” she asked the teacher.

“The people you sit in front of complained, honey. They are afraid you’ll ruin their bag if you wet again, so the flight attendant pleaded with me to put you in a diaper, besides you don’t have your other underwear with you, do you?”

Yukari shook her head.

“We’ll just tell your host family that you only need it at night, but you had an accident on the plane.”

Yukari sighed thinking her host family was going to hate her. What fifteen year old girl wets her pants like that? She looked up at her teacher, but her teacher put a comforting hand on her shoulder before replacing her dark blue skirt on her.

“We don’t want people gawking at the diaper, now do we?” she asked the teenager. “If you need to use the toilet later, just come and get me to help you with this, and if you wet the bed again, I’ll help you change again, okay?”

Yukari nodded.

Yukari was taken back to her seat where she saw that the flight attendant had cleaned it up a bit and placed a plastic bag and then a blanket over the bag for her to sit down. “That’s so your clean skirt doesn’t get wet,” the young woman smiled at the child. “But isn’t that the same skirt you had on?”

Yukari nodded.

“Here, let’s take it off, and we can cover you with a blanket.”

Yukari kept her hands tightly in front of herself. “No. I want it on.”

The flight attendant smiled and shrugged walking away.

Behind her, she felt someone kicking her seat again. She was too embarrassed to face the tormentor, but whoever it was, they were making it hard for her to be comfortable, and Mayumi saw it.

“That kid is kicking that chair that sitting my friend.”

“You friend, peed on her bag. Of course she’s upset,” the father told Mayumi.

“Still rude. My friend doesn’t do that just…” she was lost. How did you say what she wanted to say in English.

“Your friend ruined our bag, so she should just be happy that we are not going to the police about her. If you keep making it big deal, I’ll have you arrested for helping her.”

Mayumi got scared and turned around and the man smiled. Then he whispered something to the small girl, and Yukari could no longer feel the child kicking her seat.

“He is so rude,” Mayumi said in Japanese to Yukari. “One little mistake, and he thinks it gives his child a right to be rude.”

Yukari just looked down and nodded. She felt like it was all her fault, and that fifteen year old girl should have been able to wait those extra couple of minutes, so she didn’t really know what to think of the man.

Mayumi hugged Yukari for a moment. “Listen, Yu-chan. Everyone has a problem sometimes, and just because your problem made you embarrassed and affected someone else doesn’t mean that you did it on purpose or that anyone has a right to be mean to you about it.”

Yukari looked up curiously at Mayumi.

“I saw you struggling for at least fifteen minutes. I knew you were going to pee your pants the moment you sat down because of the way you behaved and the way that we were trapped so you couldn’t use the bathroom. Don’t worry about what that jerk behind us says.”

They were speaking in Japanese which gave Mayumi confidence to talk about the man behind them as they didn’t think he knew the language.

“Why don’t you go to sleep, and after some rest, you might feel better.”

Yukari nodded and putting her hands on her stomach, she slid down some and started to rest. When the flight attendant came by to check on them, Mayumi talked to her briefly about the man and the attendant frowned at Mayumi. “I’ll take care of it.”

How long Yukari had really slept, she wasn’t sure, but when she woke, Mayumi was sleeping next to her. She felt a little nervous about waking her friend up, but she knew that she had to if she didn’t want another accident. She nudged Mayumi as politely as she could.

“Hmm?” Mayumi said still half sleeping.

“Please, I need to go to the toilet, and you are in my way.”

Mayumi still was groggy and not really in this world yet, so she didn’t move right away, but responded with something like ‘I’ll be up in a minute.’

“Please,” Yukari nudged her again.

A couple of more times, and Mayumi finally stirred.

“What is it, Yukari?”

“I have to go to the toilet again,” she said in Japanese. “It’s almost an emergency because you wouldn’t wake up.”

“Oh, sorry,” Mayumi blushed and moved for her.

Yukari walked across the aisle and up some to find her teacher.

“You need help?” she asked Yukari as Yukari nudged her.

Yukari nodded.

They walked down to the bathrooms to find some people waiting, and the teacher saw Yukari starting to wiggle her legs some.

“It’s okay,” she said in a low sweet voice. “If you can wait just a few minutes, I’m sure you can go, but if you are getting tired from holding it, that’s okay too.”

“I don’t stand to pee my pants again,” she blushed. “I wait.”

The teacher smiled at her, even as a few people looked at them curiously.

“What’s wrong with her,” one curious woman asked.

“Oh, nothing really,” the teacher smiled. “She just wets the bed sometimes. She’s okay right now, aren’t you Yukari?”

Yukari, not really fluent in English, didn’t really understand everything though she had caught that the teacher had said something about her wetting the bed which made her blush. She just nodded so as not to make the event any bigger than it was.

“Poor kid. She’s seen a doctor hasn’t she?”

“I’m sure her parents have taken her, yes,” the teacher said. “But she’s mostly okay except I’m sure that the sign being on forever earlier had had something to do with her earlier embarrassment.”

The woman the teacher was talking to blushed. “She wet on the plane?”

The teacher nodded.

“Well, it can happen to anyone,” she smiled. “I’ll let you go ahead of me.”

“What about your child?” the teacher asked the woman seeing the young girl squirming.

“Well, if a high school student wets herself, it’s going to be a lot worse for her self-esteem than if a nine year old doesn’t make it, and besides, she has her mother right here to make it alright, but that girl only has her teacher.”

The two adults exchanged smiles, but Yukari didn’t know what she wanted to do. On one hand, to go first would make it seem she couldn’t even wait as long as a little kid, but if she waited and had an accident, then her host family might not even trust her in the daytime. A tear came down the left side of her face.

The teacher misunderstood.

“Are you wetting?” she asked as she saw the teen starting to cry.

Yukari shook her head, but the teacher put her hand on the girl’s back and consoled her. “It’s okay, Yukari. You obviously have bladder problems, and no one is going to be mean to you about that. We’ll just change your diaper after all these people go, okay?”

“But I didn’t,” Yukari tried to say through her embarrassed sobs.

“It’s okay,” the teacher continued rubbing her back. “It’s okay. I’ll change you after everyone is out of the bathrooms.”

Yukari saw the woman look sheepishly at her. Assuming that Yukari was wet, the woman just escorted her curious child into the bathroom ahead of Yukari. Some of the other people seemed to catch what was going on, and moved to get in front of Yukari as well, and those that didn’t, the teacher directed them in front of her, and told them that she just needs extra help this time, and it would be too embarrassing and hard if everyone had to wait for her.

After a while, Yukari did start to pee her diaper as person after person move in front of her. The tears slid down her face worse as she felt the first little bit go, and then she just gave up, parted her legs as much as she could, and peed in her diaper.

There was a third time, that Yukari was just sitting in the seat about thirty minutes before landing, but she sighed and just peed the diaper. There was no point in trying, because the sign was on, and she knew that the teacher was going to tell on her anyway about the earlier accidents.

She felt the diaper fill up and spread into a difficult bulky padding of material between her legs, but she could do nothing about it as the plane descended into Chicago. Now, she would have to face her new host family in a wet diaper. But that was nothing compared to what she would have to face when she went through security and customs.

*003*2012-06-19 15:07

Thank you for your input Shu. I know you don't like strong language when you read about this, and I do try not to include it too much, but these kids ARE Japanese, and they don't think anything about saying such words when talking about certain things. They do refrain from sexual acts, believe it or not, much longer than average Americans, however. part of that, might be they just don't have time since the culture is that you have to go to college, and that means you have to study hard everyday.

*005*2012-06-22 13:05

I don't think this chapter was finished, but I have so much going on, I decided I better post what I have before I forget where I am.

The Brown House

Yukari finally left customs behind her, her face shining crimson as she stepped out into the bigger hall of the airport searching for her teacher or her host family. It didn’t take long to spot both her teacher and the small group of adults that had gathered around the woman.

“The girls will be coming out shortly,” the teacher was telling each of the families. “Please remember, that most of these girls still have trouble speaking fluently, and also be kind to them for a good experience.”

Yukari walked upon the group, her head bent low.

“This is Yukari Satou. After I describe to you what I must, and answer your questions, I will need to talk to the family that is taking her.”

“Is it serious?” a severe looking woman with her hair pulled back in a professional way.

“No, it’s not that serious, but it will make life easier for both you and my student if I talk with you.”

Soon, all of the other high school students were gathering around the chattering adults who had question after question about how to take care of the children, what they should do if a child gets ill or has a problem and so on.

“Just remember,” the teacher finished talking to the adults. “If something comes up that you didn’t expect, you can always call me. I will be staying with a Mrs. Bryant?”

A nice looking heavy set woman smiled and nodded.

After the others started to mill away, Nakamura teacher and Mrs. Bryant spoke with Mrs. Brown. “This girl has some bladder issues, and wets the bed, I believe, so please try to be understanding. I know we didn’t tell you before now, because I only found out on the plane trip here. She already feels really bad about it, so I’d like you to not hurt her feelings about it. Just put her in a diaper at night. We will pay for the diapers for her since she is the school’s responsibility.”

“The girl is fifteen years old?” Mrs. Brown asked.

“Yes,” Mrs. Nakamura tried to keep her voice low and whispering.

“Well, my children are both potty trained, so this will be a bit different, but I think we can manage. She doesn’t have any other toddler habits, does she?” then the woman looked right at Yukari making Yukari lower her head though she didn’t think she had any.

“Not that I am aware of, no,” Mrs. Nakamura whispered. “She is a very good student in the classroom, and is one of the best behaved at school.”

“Alright,” the severe looking woman said. “This girl smells a little bad,” she commented.

“She’s probably wet again. That flight was really long, and you know how it is when you are on a long flight. You tend to sleep a lot and I already told you about her bedwetting.”

“Are you wet?” Mrs. Brown turned to Yukari.

Yukari’s face blushed vibrantly because she was, and at the same time she really wanted to correct her teacher, that it was just the circumstances, but if she told her what really happened, they might put her diapers all day.

“Well, child, don’t just stand there and blush. If you are wet, you need to tell someone so you can get cleaned up as soon as possible,” Mrs. Brown told her. “Let’s go to the bathroom, and I’ll help you get changed.”

“I… I can do it,” Yukari stuttered.

“You are wet, honey,” Mrs. Brown reminded her. “When a kid wets her clothes, she needs to get help.”

“I… I’m fifteen years old,” Yukari said thinking that would be enough to explain that she could take care of herself, but the stern seeming woman took her hand and led her off to the bathrooms.

Yukari stood by a sink while the woman with chestnut brown hair and brown eyes smiled at her as she started to tug on the girl’s damp skirt.

“This skirt is wet, too,” Mrs. Brown commented.

“I didn’t any croses when first it happen at a prane.”

“It’s okay, but you have them now, and it’s not good to wear wet clothes, sweetie.”

Mrs. Brown had Yukari standing in just a padded white diaper that was extremely bulky from what had happened earlier. People were in the bathroom, and a couple of people looked at her shaking their head as if Yukari must have been some invalid or emotionally disturbed person, and was getting help from a caretaker.

Tears slowly slid down her small round face while Mrs. Brown removed the diaper from her, and then seeing she had no more in her bag, pulled up some panties on her.

“You are fifteen years old, and you can hold it in the daytime, can’t you?” she looked expectedly at Yukari.

Yukari looked at her a little confused. She didn’t really understand everything she had said.

“Yukari?”

“Huh?”

“Do you pee your pants in the day time?”

She shook her head no.

“Then you can wear undies and get a clean skirt.”

Mrs. Brown pulled on a clean skirt on the girl after putting her in panties. Then they were in the car and passing along a very wide road at high speeds before Yukari really had time to think about where she was.

The drive had been quite long, and the rhythm of the road lulled the young lady to sleep as she was put in the back seat. In her little world that her closed eyes provided for her, she could forget the humiliation and the discomfort she had felt upon meeting the severe looking woman. She would wake up, and maybe the woman wouldn’t even think to bring it up again.

Up in front, Mrs. Brown had the radio on a soft rock station that played songs that she could actually make out the words to. She hated heavy metal mostly because it felt more like noise than anything she understood. Of course, she could understand why the youth liked it. It was full of energy and wild just like them.

There was no telling how long Yukari had slept, but as the car slowed down from the freeway speeds, her body automatically stirred and within a moment, she had her eyes staring out the window to a nice neighborhood with nicely maintained yards and a nice beautiful American-size house looking up before her. She smiled upon seeing it, and looking to the front, she saw that Mrs. Brown had turned the key where upon the car sputtered it’s last breath before slipping into its inactive mode.

“Now, Yukari. I will introduce you to my family, and you will go with my daughter to put away your things and learn about each other until such time that I call you for dinner.”

Yukari nodded.

The door was opened for her, and the first thing that Yukari had seen was a young girl that looked just like Mrs. Brown with her hair pulled into a tight professional bun and wearing clothes like she was going to church. The only thing was that she had golden-blond hair and a few freckles around her nose.

“I’m Vicky,” the girl grinned in somewhat a beguiling and somewhat disturbing way that made Yukari wonder if she really was the girl she had corresponded with over the last two months.

“I Yukari. I write many time to you, so thank you so much you are letter.”

“I enjoyed your letters, too,” the girl seemed to ignore Yukari’s imperfect English for now which made her feel a little better. “I’ll show you around and introduce you to my little brother.”

“You little brother is still elementary schal, right?”

“Yes, he is in the fifth grade this year. His name is Tommy, and I’m sure you will like him.”

Yukari shrugged and walked up the stairs with Vicky towards one of the many closed doors.

Knock, knock, knock, Vicky rapped on the door with the back of her hand.

“What?” Tommy asked somewhat annoyed.

“She’s here,” the girl opened his door. “This is Yukari.”

Tommy threw down his controller, his brown hair trimmed quite neat, and he in a buster brown suit looked so dashing. He had been playing Super Mario on the game counsel, but he decided that seeing the foreigner was more important than one of Mario’s lives which he could easily pick later in another part of the game.

“Are you really from Japan?” he asked her as he ran to the door.

“Yes, I do,” Yukari’s mouth twitched with a nervous smile.

“Vicky, let me go to your room with you, please? I want to talk to Yukari, and surely mom told you to put her things away.”

“Alright, but just this once, Tommy,” Vicky smiled.

*007*2012-06-28 10:32

Sorry, but this chapter is still only half done. I have been struggling with it, but I have this part done... have had it for awhile, so I'll post it and continue to work on the rest of it when I can think of how I really want it to go.

Thanks for understanding.

The First Night With the Brown Family

Vicky took Yukari to her room and started to go through Yukari’s bags with her.

“I can do it,” Yukari said nervously.

“My mom told me to help,” Vicky smiled at Yukari. “Everything is fine. I’ll just help you fold them neatly so that they will all fit in the dresser and closet space we have.”

“Prease… I want to it,” Yukari said missing a few words when she tried to talk.

“Yukari, what’s wrong?” Vicky asked her as she handed the bag over to the other girl.

“No…nothing,”

“Ya-huh! You are acting way more embarrassed than you should be.”

“It nothing. Really!”

“Alright,” Vicky sighed. “Your panties and undershirts go in this drawer, your causal tops and jeans go here, and you can hang up your nice blouses and skirts in the closet.”

“Sank you,” Yukari looked at Vicky with a small smile.

Tommy sat on the bed out of their way.

“How do you like America?” he asked.

“I don’t know it weru yet,” Yukari responded with a smile. “I only just come now, so I get used to it aftah one day, I can maybe teru you.”

Tommy scratched his head a moment.

“She’ll tell us later,” Vicky said to him. “Don’t ask questions if you don’t understand her answers. It’s embarrassing.”

Yukari looked down. She didn’t think it was embarrassing, but she thought she spoke English pretty well. Most of the students in her class thought she was fluent in English.

She finally shrugged it off and went back to putting her things away, carefully avoiding a plastic bag that had the stuff from earlier in it. She didn’t want Vicky or Tommy to see that, because THAT would be embarrassing.

As Yukari finished getting the things out of the bag she could get to without pulling out the wet clothes from earlier, she zipped it up and looked at Vicky with uncertainty.

“I’ll take your bag to the garage to store it,” the girl said happily holding out her hand.

Yukari shook her head.

“Why not?”

“Um… I can do it.”

Vicky smiled and took Yukari by the hand but as they walked through the living room, Mrs. Brown stopped them.

“Yukari, where are those dirty clothes from earlier?”

Yukari blushed.

“I didn’t see any dirty clothes, mom,” Vicky said for her.

“Yukari, you know what I’m talking about. Are they still in your suitcase?”

Yukari nodded.

“Hand them here so I can wash them, honey.”

Yukari, her eyes wide because Vicky was about to find out what happened earlier, just stood there frozen, and Vicky pulled the case from her hands and opened it. She saw two pair of wet panties and a pair of pants wet in a plastic bag and she looked over at Yukari.

Yukari’s eyes began to stream tears down her face because now, she was scared of what the girl was going to say or do about what she had found.

“She wets the bed,” Mrs. Brown said simply. “This must have happened on the plane ride to America while she was asleep.”

Yukari was still scared to correct Mrs. Brown’s assumptions given to her by her teacher. What if they thought she had day time accidents, too? She didn’t want to be in diapers twenty-four hours a day.

“It’s okay, Yukari. Some children simply wet the bed until they are in their mid-teens. I would think you would have outgrown it by now, but it’s okay that you haven’t. We’ll just get you diapers so you don’t ruin Vicky’s bed, okay?”

Yukari didn’t know what to say, so she just held her head in shame and nodded quietly.

Mrs. Brown took the plastic back with her clothes to the back while the two girls now took the empty suitcases to the garage. The most embarrassing moment was over with for now, but Yukari still was afraid to talk to Vicky or Tommy. Both of them just kind of kept quiet as well, not really knowing what to say.

In the garage, Vicky looked at her with compassion in her eyes. “I won’t tell anyone at school or anything, Yukari. I promise. You might be too old for this, but it doesn’t make you a bad person, right?”

Yukari smiled a little appreciating what Vicky was saying.

“I’m sure you aren’t the only one that has this secret, so just don’t tell anyone at school, and don’t have an accident in class, and you’ll be okay. My parents would never say anything to anyone that doesn’t need to know, you know. And if my brother says something, I’ll pound him.”

Yukari felt tears come to her eyes. “I don’t wet the bed,” she whispered.

“But your clothes were wet,” Vicky said to her thinking she was just denying it because she was so embarrassed.

“Yeah. I had one acshidento and it doesn’t even my bad thing.”

“No, Yukari. It’s called an accident because it’s not your fault.”

“No, I mean, I don’t do it all a time. It was prane had rights that don’t tan off that can’t you stand up that time, that it….” she could feel herself breaking down as she could not effectively think of the next word that would make sense.

Yukari started to cry.

“Are you saying that you wet because you weren’t allowed to go?”

Yukari nodded tears streaming down her face.

“How long did you wait before… it happened?”

Yukari just looked down.

“But you wet again. Two of your panties were wet.”

Yukari breathed heavily and tears fell from her eyes.

“Do you want me to tell my mom all of this?”

Yukari shrugged. She wanted Mrs. Brown to know, but she didn’t want to be blamed for wetting in the daytime.

“I’ll tell her if you want, or I can keep it a secret if you are embarrassed about wetting your pants while you were awake. It’s up to you,” Vicky smiled at the foreign girl.

“I don’t weah diaper,” she said through her sniffles.

“I’ll tell mom what happened then so she won’t get you any.”

They walked back into the house, but at that moment, so did a tall heavily muscular man with barely any blond hair on his head. He looked as though he was chiseled out of rock.

“This is Frank,” Vicky smiled. “He is my dad.”

“Hi there, young lady,” the man said to Yukari with a scary smile.

“He won’t bite,” Vicky laughed. “He’s really nice, honest.”

Yukari nervously shook his hand.

When Shelley came from the living room to greet the bear of a man, Vicky waved for her mom to come into the kitchen. Yukari watched as the two went away leaving her with the man.

“So, you are Yukari from Japan?” he asked her trying to get her to talk, probably.

“Yeah,” she said. She wasn’t sure if she should be using yeah with him yet, but ‘Yes sir’ sounded too formal and someone had told her that it was really just something you say when you are in trouble or when you are doing something really serious.

“Don’t be so nervous,” he laughed. “It’s okay. For the next six months, this will be your house too.”

Then from the kitchen, Mrs. Brown (Shelley) called for Yukari.

Yukari walked in the door of the kitchen and looked up at the woman wondering if she was going to be scolded for acting like a little kid.

“You don’t usually wet the bed?” the woman asked her in a soft whisper.

Yukari shook her head.

“Why did your teacher tell me you did then?”

“She thought it… because… of wet on prane,” Yukari blushed.

“But you wet because you were not allowed to go at that time?”

Yukari nodded.

“Do you have a bladder problem or anything?”

“Huh?”

“A bladder problem?”

“What is that?”

Mrs. Brown sighed. “Do you have trouble holding it sometimes?”

Yukari was still confused. “trouble holding it?” she ask.

“Do you sometimes pee in your clothes when you can’t go to the bathroom right away?”

Yukari shook her head.

“Then this was a one time thing?”

Yukari nodded.

“Why did you wet twice then?”

Yukari looked down.

“Wasn’t it three times, actually?” the woman asked her. “Your diaper you had on was also wet when you got to the airport for me to pick you up.”

Yukari’s eyes had tears in them.

“I’m not going to trust this because you were wet too much honey. Look, it’s okay for a big girl to have night time accidents or a weak bladder. It happens, honey. I’ll just put you in diapers at night to keep my daughter’s bed dry unless you show me that you can be dry every night for a week.”

Yukari nodded.

“If you are wetting in the day, you need to tell me. If you need medicine, I’ll take you to the doctor to get some.”

Yukari just wanted to stop talking about it. She looked away, a tear falling down her cheek. Now the woman thought she wets her pants too. It was worse, and this was making her really nervous. She shifted on the spot with her left forefinger in her mouth.

Shelley walked over and grabbed her right hand. She smiled at the young lady.

“You are not bad, Yukari. If you have wetting troubles, then it’s okay. We’ll work around them and find the easiest way to keep you from getting embarrassed, okay? I will try to be just like your mom here.”

Yukari nodded.

“Alright honey. Are you wet?”

Yukari shook her head.

“Then go get ready for dinner. Frank, or you can call him dad if you want, will be taking us to dinner in a few minutes after he has a shower from work.”

The two girls started out of the room. Yukari just kept her head lowered.

“You wet three times in one day?” Vicky asked her.

Yukari nodded.

“It’s okay. Like mom said, we are your family while you are here. If you have any trouble here, just pretend I’m your sister and Tommy is your brother. I’ll pound him if he laughs at you.”

“I don’t wet pants,” Yukari whined trying to make her understand.

“Okay,” Vicky said not really believing her.

The girls walked back up to Vicky’s room, and Yukari started to show Vicky how to fix her hair in a kind of Japanese style that was getting popular. She braided only a small portion of her hair on the left side of her face, and when Vicky looked in the mirror, she agreed that it did look interesting.

“Girls,” Shelley called to them. “Come on down we are going to dinner now!”

Yukari looked at Vicky for a moment and at the closed doors.

“Vicky?”

“Yeah?”

“I want to go the toy-red.”

“Toy-red?” Vicky asked.

“Oh,” Yukari realized that Americans didn’t really call it that. “Um… I go the bass room.”

“You mean the bathroom?” she asked.

Yukari nodded.

“It’s over there,” she pointed at the door that was just opposite their room.

“It’s okay?”

“Yeah, but hurry or mom will be a little impatient. She’s already calling us. I’ll just go tell her where you are.”

Yukari nodded and walked into the bathroom to use it.

As she sat on the toilet with her panties lowered, and her skirt out of the way, she felt nervous and wondered how much time was slipping by. She tried to push, but nothing came out because she was so nervous. Will they be upset if she stayed there too long? She tried again to push, but nothing… it was as dry as it could be thought she still felt something in her stomach.

Eventually, sighing, Yukari stood up and pulled up her panties and let her skirt drop. Then she walked to the sink to wash her hands.

When she came down the stairs, Mrs. Brown was looking at her clock, but she just smiled when she noticed the girl. It seemed that she was not easily angered by delays though she did look a little impatient looking at her watch.

They were soon in the car, and Frank was driving them to a nice restaurant.

“On our way back, I’d like to stop at a drug store or large grocery store,” Shelley informed Frank.

“I thought we had plenty of food,” he responded.

“I know. I need to get something ‘private’ for Yukari.”

He nodded his head. That was all that was said about it until they got to the restaurant.

Vicky and Yukari looked at the same menu, Vicky trying to help Yukari sound out the different things to eat to make sure she understood what they were.

“What do you think looks good?” Vicky asked Yukari at last.

“When can we order?” Tommy asked for the third time.

“When our guest is ready,” Shelley scolded him. “We have to be patient with her because she is here to study English. She doesn’t speak it naturally like we do.”

“Really? How does she usually talk then?”

“She speaks in Japanese,” Vicky laughed. “Tommy, sometimes you are so simple minded.”

Tommy blushed. “I am not! I just thought everyone in the world spoke English by now. It’s the twenty-first century, you know.”

Yukari looked over at him. “It is modawn to speak that is Engrish, so we Japanese try to do it. We try to speak it in a schooru, but still no one says it evahry day rike in America.”

“I’m so sorry, Yukari.”

“It’s okay. I know in grade five that one day, we meet someone from different prace too. We think he speak in Engrish because doesn’t say it Japanese, but he doesn’t Engrish too. He speak it that is so different than that.”

“Huh?” Tommy asked.

“Vicky whispered to Yukari. Slow down. You are hard to understand when you try to say too much at one time. Just say simple things, and slowly, and we will help you get faster as you talk to us.”

Yukari looked at her for a moment. She didn’t know how to say what she wanted to say, really. She thought she was saying it slowly and as simple as she could. “Don’t mind,” she finally said.

Shelley pointed at the menu. “What do you want, Yukari?”

Their attention, once more drawn to food, Vicky and Yukari decided to have the same thing that way Yukari knew it had to be good because Vicky liked it.

Her attention went back to her stomach, it now having been a while since she had peed, and her privates were starting to burn with desire. She looked around at the people at the table, nodding to herself, decided to stand up.

“Where are you going?” Shelley asked her.

“To a bassaroom. It is want to go toy-red.”

“I don’t usually let my kids go on their own. Too many bad things happen these days, and besides, didn’t you go at the house?”

Yukari looked down. “I go to there, but it doesn’t happened yet. I want to do again now.”

Shelley looked from Yukari to Frank. “What do you think, Frank?”

“I guess, you should take the girls,” he sighed. “You know the rules, but if the girl is going to mess her pants, that would not make her first memory of America very good.”

“Yes, I know. Come on, Vicky,” she urged the girls to come along.

Tommy looked at the girls leaving the table his jaw dropping. Never had Vicky ever dared to ask such a thing in front of him, let alone in a public place before.

Shelley brought Yukari and Vicky to the bathroom, and told them both to go. Then while Yukari was in there, and since the bathroom was empty, Shelly started to whisper the rules while Yukari just wanted some quiet time to try to go.

“We normally have you kids go at home because for you to go, I have to come with you, and if we Tommy is with just us girls, then he has to go in the girls’ room with us, and it always causes such a big fuss. From now on, you need to really finish at home, unless you can’t help it, and if that’s the case, then maybe we should put you in diapers when we go out.”

Yukari’s face turned red as she heard Mrs. Brown talking. It was making her nervous again, the water didn’t want to start streaming out, but rather just came out in three or four little squirts and then stopped all together again. She tried to push to get it to start again, but it wouldn’t open.

“Hurry up, girls, or Frank will be upset that we are taking too long. He gets worried if we are in a place like this for too long.”

Yukari tried to push twice more, but when nothing happened, she sighed and pulled up her undies and dropped her skirt. At least the pressure wasn’t that bad, and she could probably wait until she got to their house again.

*009*2012-06-28 11:43

Oh, it's not that, KingKong. It's just I've been trying to figure out how to get through the first day, so I can skip a few days ahead and go on, but I don't want to miss anything that might have been important to the reader earlier in the chapter. I know her personality, but my readers only know what I write. lol

*011*2012-06-28 11:54

I'll consider it. I do understand the advice, but I still felt like the reader was missing something... that I'm forgetting to give them.
