Tanya's worst holidays

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2011-04-29 08:10

Hello there,

Here's my latest story. Not so surprisingly, it involves a loli.

It took me a while to get it written as I didn't find a good way to end it (well, now I did, I hope you like it.)

WARNING: I don't want to spoil, but I have to warn you the story contains description of dark thoughts of a loli and sexual attraction from an older teen for said loli.

I hope you enjoy it and please, comment ;)

“Alright kids, time for a fast bathroom break and we'll be on the road again.” My dad announced.

“Don't need to.” I replied while Dylan and Bret walked out of the car to the public restroom.

They are my older brothers, respectively fifteen and seventeen years old. The only thing they can do is pick on me whenever they get a chance, and it happens quite often. Now we were on our way to a mediocre camping where I'd have to share a tent with them. Clearly, the next couple of weeks would be the most horrible and boring holidays I'd ever spent.

“We won't make a stop for the next two hours, you should go to make sure you don't need to go till then.” He insisted.

“I'm sure, I'm not a baby anymore!” I assured, more concerned about my DS game than anything else. Besides, it was raining heavily and I didn't want to get wet.

“Remember you had an accident not that long ago, Tanya.” He added.

It had been just over a month since I had wet myself at school, and Dad had made a huge deal out of it. He argued it was unacceptable for an eleven year old to be so careless and if I wanted to be treated like a big girl, I should start to behave like one. What a jerk! Yes, I'd had an accident but it wasn't as if I peed my pants every month.

“I don't need to go at all, I swear you!” I confirmed with an irritated voice.

I was old enough to know when I needed to pee and I didn't need right then. Actually, I could have pushed some out if I wanted to but it wasn't like I really needed to. Furthermore, I was so close to clear the fifth level that making a pause would certainly ruin all my efforts.

“Well, have it your way then. Just make sure you don't make a mess in the car...” He finally gave up.

About an hour later, we entered a tunnel and the traffic started to slow down until we were driving at walking speed. We were stuck in a traffic jam in the middle of a tunnel. Of course, my bladder saw it as a good opportunity to inform me of its fullness. That was unfortunate but there's nothing I could do about it. My only option was to wait for the next rest area. I was hoping the traffic jam wouldn't retain us too long. I was certainly able to hold it for a while, but I didn't know how long.

My thoughts drifted to Milly. She should have landed in San Francisco by now and was probably having a great day, while I was sitting uncomfortably in a small car with my annoying brothers and boring parents, wondering if I'd be able to hold my pee. I wished I was with her. I would have loved to see San Francisco and spending the holiday with her would have been so exciting. She had been my best (and only) friend since the day we both wet ourselves at school.

The thought of this miserable experience didn't really help ease up my unpleasant urge. In fact, the pressure in my abdomen was increasing quickly. I tried to discretely clench my legs together but I had to avoid crossing them, grabbing my crotch, bouncing on my seat or any other sign that would reveal my desperation. If my dad had found out, he would have thrown me out of the car in the middle of the tunnel, scolding me till I pee myself on the side of the way. I shivered at the thought and clenched my legs a bit harder to try to control the ever increasing pressure.

Half an hour later, as I failed for the tenth time to beat the sixth boss, a strong pressure wave hit me so suddenly I was caught by surprise. Before I had the time to react, a hot spurt forced its way out of my unsuspecting girlhood. Within a split second, my panties were defeated and pee started to spread into my tights and shorts, trickling down between my legs and inducing a warm, sticky feeling on my girlhood and under my butt. My legs still as tightly clenched as my muscles would allow, I slightly leaned forward and repositioned my dripping butt deep into the seat in order to fight the leaking. After a couple of seconds, I managed to stop it without anyone noticing, although my face was burning and probably beet red. I glanced down and sighed in relief as I saw no evidence of the leaking on the front of my shorts so I decided that I'd just let it dry off and nobody would ever know.

“Tany, do you need to pee?” Dylan suddenly asked with what seemed to be a concerned tone in his voice.

Although I didn't think it was possible, my face burned even hotter as I tried to hide my embarrassment.

“N-no... I'm alright.” I mumbled, not taking my eyes off the screen.

Fortunately, he didn't insist. It seemed strange, since he and Bret usually never missed an opportunity to pick on me. Anyway, I certainly didn't complain, I had other thing to think about. The pressure in my abdomen was still pretty strong despite the leak I had before. I concentrated on my game in order to forget about my bladder and it kinda worked for a few minutes. I finally beat the sixth level and proceeded to the last one.

When we drove out of the tunnel and the traffic became more fluid, the unpleasant urge reappeared. I discretely clenched my legs again and pushed on my crotch with my wrists. I thought about asking my dad to stop at the next rest area but quickly dismissed it as a bad idea. My short wasn't dry yet and if I had to get up soon, everybody would notice the wet spot on my shorts and on the seat. What shall I do? My desperation was growing every minute and it would take at least half an hour for my short to dry. Unconsciously, my exhausted body started to shiver despite my useless attempts to act as if nothing was wrong.

The car suddenly jolted as my dad hit the brakes. The traffic was slowing down again. I bounced forward, dropping my DS, and felt a sharp pain in my abdomen. This strike was all my inflated bladder could take and it started to expel its contents through my defeated girlhood despite my desperate attempts to keep it inside. The uncontrollable flow instantly soaked my panties, proceeded through my tights and my shorts to settle in the seat's fabric. The warm humiliating sensation quickly expanded under my butt and legs. I bent forward to pick up my DS and remained in that position for a few seconds, desperately trying to seal my floodgates.

The flow lessened but didn't stop completely and I could hear a slight hissing sound. As I sat back, I saw a dark spot spreading slowly on my shorts. I put my arms and my DS on my lap in the hope of hiding the wet patch. When I finally killed the undesirable stream, my entire butt was warm and sticky. Although a good amount of pee had spurted out, I felt like my bladder was still as full as before and the pain in my abdomen hadn't decreased.

As I looked up, I realized Dylan was starring at me with an unbelieving look. As my face turned beet red again, tears started to well up in my eyes. Did he notice? Why didn't he say anything? As I was fighting to hold my tears, I hadn't noticed I had attracted a lot of attention from Bret too.

“Tany... Did you... just... pee???” He asked loud enough for my dad to hear.

I slowly faced him while rearranging my arms on my lap to make sure the incriminating wet spot was completely hidden.

“N-no...” A tear escaped my eye as I lied.

I was running in a dead end. My panties were ruined, my shorts and tights were soaked with no hope of drying in time and above all, my desperation was stronger than ever. My dad looked in the mirror and pulled over to the emergency lane as soon as he saw my troubled face.

“Tanya, get out!” He shouted.

As Dylan opened the door and sprang out of the car, the tears I had been holding started to roll freely down my red puffy cheeks. When I started to move out, my floodgates broke again and the warm wetness trickled down my legs, drawing glistening tracks on my tights and dripping on the seat and carpet. I hurried to get out, stumbled over the door step and landed flat on the asphalt, scratching my elbows and knees. I just laid there, almost motionless save for my trembling. I was crying out loud, from the pain and the humiliation, while my poor girlhood freely allowed the hated yellow liquid to flow out of my suffering body. The nasty puddle spread around me, soaking the front of my shorts and even my shirt. I could sense the hot feeling reach from my knees to my belly and the flow hadn't even ended yet. While I was releasing my dirty fluid all over myself, my dad, mom and Bret had also left the car and gathered around me, contemplating my humiliation.

“Damn Tanya, look at yourself!” My dad scolded me, “I warned you and still you pee in my car like a little child! You really need to grow up. ”

“I-I'm... sorry...” I sheepishly mumbled between my sobs.

My bladder was finally empty now. I was lying in my puddle, totally soaked, humiliated, and my elbows and knees hurt badly. He was right though. I had been stupid not to use the bathroom when we had the opportunity. While Bret was laughing at me and making all kinds of degrading jokes, Dylan stood motionless with dropped jaw, eyes wide open, starring at me like a wonder-stricken kid. He had been acting pretty strangely today

“You're sorry? Yeah, I bet you are. It seems like it's the only thing you can do right, being sorry...” Dad went on with his scolding, “That stupid video game of yours will be confiscated till you stop acting so carelessly. Gosh, why do I have to bear with such a useless crybaby! Next time you go into this car I'll make you wear a diaper, that will teach you! ”

“Yeah, and she'll need one for school too.” Bret added with a vicious grin.

“Bret, how about you just shut up, you stupid jerk?!” Dylan spoke up for me while helping me getting up. “Can't you see she's hurt?”

I couldn't believe it. Why was he speaking up for me? What had happened to him? It was as if seeing me wet myself totally changed him. How could it be?

“Tany, are you ok?” He asked with a gentle voice.

How could I be ok? I was totally drenched with my own urine, disgraced in front of my whole family. My tights were torn over my bleeding knees, my elbows were aching and I had been severely scolded by my dad. No, I wasn't ok!

I glanced at the highway. There was still a lot of traffic but it was smooth and quite fast. For sure, if I'd run in front of a car, the driver wouldn't be able to avoid me. Who would miss me anyway? Certainly not my family, and Milly had lots of other friends much more valuable than me. I was just a complete failure and the world would be better off without me.

As I was about to run to the highway, Dylan laid his hands on my shoulders and pulled me gently toward him. I resisted for a second, pondering my choices till I decide to accept his brotherly compassion. I rested my head on his chest, careful not to stain his clothes with my pee. As I was crying my eyes out into his shirt, he slowly caressed my red ponytail and the back of my neck, speaking kind words I had never heard from him. It looked like my dad was pretty impressed too, since he didn't say anything anymore.

“You know you look a lot cuter when you smile?” He whispered, holding me tightly against him.

I nested into his cuddle, rejoiced by his sweet talks and his body's warmth. As I stood there lost in my thoughts, I suddenly felt a growing bulge poking right under my chest.

*001*2011-05-12 18:06

Hmm, I really don't like to do this but... (please tell me if I really shouldn't)

What's wrong with this story?

Well to be honest, I realize the end is kinda rushed. Including her suicidal thoughts and her brother's arousal one right after the other at the end of the story was probably a bad idea.

But other than that, anything? (Please, don't be polite and kind. Just tell me honestly what you think of it)

*005*2011-05-18 11:56

I didn't plan for a part 2 but now you talk about it, I have some ideas emerging already.

That being said, I still need to write the next part of 'Wet morning', for which I've a lot of ideas too. Plus, if I write another Tanya story, I also have to write a Milly story, equity obliges. It's not that it bothers me, but my exams start monday (with International Trade Laws :( )so I'm not sure I'll be able to write anything before the summer holidays.

Also, on an entirely different matter, I won't be writing omo stories forever. I've tried it, I like it, and I'll move on. Remains to be seen how many more I'll write, if any.

