Halloween Special: Sweet Relief

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2014-10-31 20:21

Now, I know what you may be thinking: "Why the hell is Koneko writing another story when he's already got two he's been ignoring for months?". My answer to that is this: I've no idea and I'm sorry! ; _ ; (Truth be told, work searching was hell and my work hours aren't much better.)

Anyway, here's the promised Halloween Story which I hinted at in my Status message. I would've wrote something along the lines of my 'Spider! Spider!' story but I believe I've picked on Cleo enough. This story will be more light-hearted and include my OC's from 'Meeting of Fate', which I'm sure you've seen floating around on the Fiction forums. Anyway, like all of my works, loli is imminent. If you don't like that sort of thing then I suggest you don't read on. I'd rather lose a few readers than be moaned at and potentially flamed by people who may not like that sort of thing. Aside from that, I'll move on to the story. It won't be very long but I hope you'll like it. :)

Sweet Relief: Sera Sisters

"Come on, Lilly, we're wasting precious sweet time!" Haley shouted up the grand spiral stairs of the Sera Manor. "If you're not done in five minutes, I'll be going by myself!"

"You know we can't do that, Haley. We shouldn't be out by ourselves late at night." Holly, Haley's twin sister, quietly reminded the boisterous girl. "She'll be done soon enough."

"Yeah, well I'm not waiting for her when I could be filling up my bag with sweets!"

"You really should learn to not eat so many sweets. You'll give yourself cavities." A calm girl's voice could be heard from the top of the stairs. Haley turned in the direction of the voice and saw who she'd been waiting for.

"Took your time." Haley pouted. "How hard can it be to put on a costume?"

The twins were mildly surprised by Lilly's choice of attire.

"Are you sure that's not a little...too much?" Holly asked Lilly.

"You sure lack creativity." Haley complained. "Next time, think up your own outfit."

"I think it's perfectly fitting for the season." Lilly calmly replied.

"It's not hard to put one on, but..." Lilly responded calmly. "Rushing it can make the actual effect look tacky. Like your leotard being back to front."

Upon that remark, Haley quickly ran over to the Entrance Hall's mirror to correct her costume.

Haley's costume was a black cat costume consisting of a black leotard, black tights and black plimsolls. The only contrasting things about her outfit were her white-blonde hair, seemingly gelled into a pair of cat ears on top, her blue eyes and her tiger tail. Not even caring that other people were around, Haley began to take her leotard off and put it the right way round.

"Still not quite right." Holly commented as she stood behind Haley. Holly's costume was an exact replica of Haley's except she was dressed as a white cat. Her ears and tail were clearly imitations but Haley's appeared to be the real deal. "Can you change your hair, eye and tail colours to match?"

"Sister, you're clearly underestimating what I'm capable of." Haley confidently replied.

Within and instant, Haley's hair colour changed from white to black, her eye colour changed from blue to an emerald green and her tiger tail was soon replaced with a panther tail.

"Look no different to me." Holly sighed.

"That's because it doesn't work on you, remember? You have the memory of a goldfish!" Haley retorted.

"Are you sure you'll be able to keep that up until we're done? You know how strenuous keeping up multiple illusions is." Lilly asked as she went over to the arguing twins.

Lilly's costume was the most abnormal of them all. She was wearing what appeared to be a magical girl outfit but it looked much more sinister. The outfit's main body was a red and black sailor-uniform lookalike with a set of six yellow buttons down the middle and a black bow on the collar. The dress itself was short and only covered what it needed to. She had a blood red cape attached to the back of the dress. The inside of the cape appeared to have numerous red eye motifs covering it entirely. On her head she was wearing a mock red witch hat with a large eye, similar to the ones on her cape, in the middle of a large red bow tied around the cone of the hat near the base. On the underside of the hat, more red eyes could be seen. She had red socks and black shoes on her feet and blood red gloves on her hands. Her red eyes complimented her outfit really well.

After one final check to see if all their costumes were as they wanted them to be, Lilly reminded the twins one last time.

"Make sure you go before we leave as we're not coming back until late. We'll be making no stops while we're out so now's your last chance." Lilly told the twins.

"I've already been." Haley quickly replied.

"Give me a minute." Holly requested as she headed back up the stairs.

Lilly was pleased with Holly's answer but Haley's quick response seemed suspicious. Now, if they were still in single digits for their age, then Lilly would let them off if they hadn't quite been taking the right precautions, but, now, as the twins were ten years old, they should know better. Three years prior, when Lilly herself was ten years old, her Mother would have punished her quite seriously if she'd neglected her own needs. So, she always takes all precautions before any outing.

After a little while, Holly came back down the stairs and the group set off out for Trick or Treating. They were allowed to stay out until 8pm, which was three hours away, so they could accumulate quite a nice hoard in that time. Lilly was positive that, in the two hours preparation time they had before trick or treating, she hadn't seen Haley leave her room once. They'd all been in the twins' room watching Halloween Specials so she knew that Haley hadn't moved from in front of the TV at all, even after chugging down five cans of Cola. Lilly's suspicious were soon confirmed when she saw Haley getting increasingly restless when they stopped by houses to claim their prizes. They'd only been out for an hour and a half and Haley was already squirming around on the spot when they stood still.

"So much for going before I reminded you." Lilly sighed to Haley as they moved on down the street.

"I did!" Haley protested.

"Yeah, right. You know what I said would happen should you not make it in time, right?"

"I do and I will! My sweets are mine and mine alone!"

The punishment for any childish accidents was that the person who had one wouldn't get any sweets and would have to forsake their collection to the others. Haley was having none of that as this was the time she most looked forward to every year. The only day when she could go out and collect free sweets and eat them all in one night without anyone complaining. Despite needing to go for nearly two hours now, Haley was determined that she'd make it through the night and eat her sweets.

Three houses and roughly ten minutes later, Haley's predicament was getting increasingly obvious. She was walking with her legs closer together and taking shorter steps than she was before. Lilly almost felt sorry for her but soon reminded herself that it was her own fault she was like this.

"Blinded by sweets." Holly scolded Haley with a shake of her head. "Sugar's not the only thing in the world, you know."

"Can it or your sweets are mine!" Haley shot back as she quickly reached forward towards Holly's sweet bag. She soon regretted it when she felt a trickle of warm wetness escape her lower regions. Her free hand, which was reaching towards Holly's sweet stash, quickly bolted down to between her legs to staunch the flow. Her legs locked together and she stood motionless for a good fifteen seconds before she was positive that no more would escape. After her near miss, Haley was a little more slower and telegraphed with her moves.

Haley's need just got worse after that. Every time she stopped in front of a house to claim some more sweets, her legs were crossed and she was also a little bent forward. Even if it wasn't for her embarrassed blushing, she knew that most patrons probably knew what kind of predicament she was in. This made her blushing twice as worse. Most of the time, she couldn't look the patrons in the eye for fear of her situation being made a mockery of. She was beginning to regret her lack of care as she had a sinking feeling that she wouldn't be able to make it through the last hour of their looting with a dry leotard.

Lilly was almost about to call the whole thing off an hour early as he couldn't help but feel bad about her punishment now. Haley was clearly suffering to try and keep her stash from being lost but she still continued to press on and keep it all in check.

"You know, I think we've got enough sweets for one night." Lilly suggested. They did have at least three quarters of a bag full of sweets. "Do you want to head back?"

"I've no objec-" Holly tried to say before she was cut off by Haley shouting her objection.

"There's still one quarter of a bag and ten houses left!" Haley objected. "We're staying out!"

Despite her objection, Haley was still feeling, deep down, that it was about time to call it. even now she was bobbing around on the spot trying to keep her dams from bursting. Each step she took made her feel like she was about to lose it all and the pressure of her bladder was really starting to hurt. Her objection was met with a large spurt from her aching bladder. Warm wetness spread about the crotch of her leotard and a gentle cascade of droplets were starting to fall to the cold stone street. Haley was doubled over and her knuckle, which was pressing against the leaking dam, was turning white from the strain of the pressure she was applying to keep her floodgates from gushing open.

"We're going home and that's final. You're clearly going to burst if we stay out any longer." Lilly countered firmly.

"...fine." Haley quietly replied as she clenched her muscles tight to stop the flood.

After half a minute of waiting to make sure that Haley was back in control of her bladder, the group began to head home. They had to stop every few minutes as Haley regained control over her aching bladder but they soon returned home at half seven. Their outing was cut half an hour short but it didn't bother Lilly or Holly. They just hoped that this would be a lesson for Haley.

As soon as they got home, Haley thrust her sweet bag onto Holly and quickly bolted up the stairs towards the toilet. A tiny drip trail was left in her wake.

"She'll learn her lesson." Lilly confirmed to Holly with a nod of her head.

Roughly a minute and a half later, Haley returned back down the stairs with a relieved smile on her face.

"Better?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Much. Even more so when I start on my stash." Haley happily replied.

"Next time, I won't be so merciful. Your sweets are safe for now, but, if you do it again then..."

The End

There you have it, my promised story. I tried something a little different this time. I went for desperation instead of a wetting. If there's anything which you feel was a little lacking, don't hesitate to point it out in some constructive criticism. Outright insults and abuse will be swiftly dealt with. I have a feeling that someone may question why a certain character wasn't included and my response to that will be the same as always: I don't use other people's characters without their permission.

Koneko Out! Happy Halloween to all who celebrate it!

*003*2014-11-02 10:21

{{:

Short, but sweet, through I would have liked to have seen the toilet scene at the end instead of the little girl getting her overdue relief off-screen.

}}

I guess I could've done something about that. I'll keep that in mind for next time. :)

