Hair salon desperation

Author: Sencha

*000*2012-05-07 20:40

After reading so many good stories on this site, I decided to give it a try myself. It’s my first omo fic and I’m afraid it might be a bit too long, but here it is:

Eileen hurried out of the station in the direction of the mall. Although she had left her house precipitately, she had still missed her train and had to wait for twenty minutes before the next one came, which was more than enough to be late for her appointment at the hairdresser's. The high-heels she was wearing didn't exactly help her running on the pavement but Eileen liked to look smart on any occasion, and today was no exception. She looked stunning in her white trousers, dark blue blouse and pale jacket that shaped her thin yet curvy frame.

She was panting when she finally reached the salon's door and she had to stop for a minute to catch her breath, not wanting to look disheveled when she came in. Regaining her composure, she entered the salon and was immediately greeted by the receptionist, a blond-haired woman who had been working here for as long as Eileen knew.

“Ah, good afternoon Miss Jenkins. Do come in, we were expecting you” she said with a friendly smile. “I'll take your coat. Actually, you can already go sit for a shampoo” she added.

Eileen groaned inwardly. She had been meaning to use their bathroom at her arrival since she had gone without taking the time to do so at home, but seeing as she was now late, she felt that asking would be slightly rude. Besides, she hated the idea of people knowing that she needed to pee. So in spite of her quite full bladder, she shrugged it off. She could, after all, bear a slight discomfort during her appointment. It was not as if she would have trouble holding it. She was an adult, wasn’t she?

Following the receptionist to the chairs, she took place on one of them and started to wait for the hairdresser. The salon was, however, quite busy and after five minutes of watching people come and go with scissors, brushes and hair-dryers, she started to wonder if she hadn’t been forgotten. Five minutes turned into fifteen and her long dark hair had yet to be washed. In the meantime though, Eileen's bladder had proved much more productive, filling up all the quicker because she didn’t have anything else to think about. Actually, now that her attention was no longer focused on trying to be on time for her appointment, she realized that she might have underestimated the urgency of her need. Glancing hesitantly to the bathroom door, she decided that if no one came for her in the next minute or so, she would go anyway.

As if on cue, a smooth, feminine voice took her out of her musing.

“Miss Jenkins, how nice to see you! Sorry for the wait, we’ve been a bit busy today. Please lay back your head so I can start washing your hair.”

Eileen couldn’t decide whether she was glad to be finally taken care of or disappointed not to be able to go relieve herself. Nonetheless, she did as she was asked, shivering as her neck came into contact with the cold surface of the shampoo basin. She shifted around, trying to find a comfortable position for her slightly painful abdomen. “I’ll be fine” she thought to herself, “it can’t be that long anyway”.

She felt much less confident when she heard the familiar sound of the water jet being turned on, and even less when said jet was directed to her head. The feel of cold liquid immediately sent a jolt to her bladder, causing Eileen to tense her thighs in order to keep control. She tried to remain discreet though, but it was difficult as the water getting warmer teased her scalp, making her need increase at a speed she wouldn’t have thought possible.

“Does the temperature suit you?” the young hairdresser asked, finishing to adjust it.

“Perfectly” she answered politely.

She usually would have enjoyed the pleasant feel of hot water against her skin but right now, all she wanted was to get the shampoo over with. Her bladder was starting to hurt and she could feel a tingling sensation in her urethra. She wished she could hold herself but she couldn’t even begin to imagine doing it in full view. Instead she just squirmed on her chair, occasionally crossing her legs trying to look casual. The hair-wash seemed to last forever.

She suddenly felt the woman’s fingers rest on her scalp before starting to massage it. It was something she had always loved as it could take away all the tension built up during the day, making her completely relax. Today was no exception, and she felt her body loosen under the touch. Including her bladder. Before she could do anything to prevent it, she felt a spurt make its way into her cotton panties, dampening them slightly. She jumped in horror, grabbing her crotch for just a second, which was thankfully enough to stop the flow threatening to come out.

“What’s the matter?” asked the hairdresser – who had fortunately not seen Eileen grab herself but had definitely felt her jump. “Is the water too hot? I didn’t burn you, did I?”

“I…I’m fine” she replied, crossing her legs tightly and resuming her position to let the young woman do her job.

The rest of the massage was torture. She never uncrossed her legs, lest she would leak again as the skilled fingers seemed to order her body to let go every few seconds. She couldn’t believe she had actually lost control, if only for a very short time. She tried to see whether it showed but she couldn’t really tell from her current position. She supposed it wasn’t much but she could definitely feel dampness against her pulsing groin. She closed her eyes, taking deep breaths in and out in an attempt to ease the urgency sent by her bladder.

It was difficult however, with the unceasing sound and contact of running water. She sighed in relief when the hairdresser announced she was going to rinse her hair, but the stream growing stronger and cooler did nothing good for her predicament. Urine soon came pulsing against her urethra and each time, she had to contract her whole lower body to prevent it from coming out. Eventually though, she couldn’t stop another, stronger spurt from escaping and she leaked again.

Eileen clenched her teeth, regaining control once again, with greater difficulty this time. She was mortified and the wetness she could now clearly feel against her crotch only added to this. She was now certain there was a patch on her trousers, if only a tiny one. She was also getting quite worried as the possibility of an accident suddenly began to seem much more plausible. She immediately scolded herself for allowing such thoughts to invade her mind. There was, after all, a bathroom a few meters afar and she could always go if it became too bad. She was 26 for God’s sake! She was certainly not going to wet herself like a little girl! Still, the idea of asking for a break to relieve herself was rather unappealing. It would mean to admit that she could no longer wait, which was downright humiliating for her. Frowning, she pulled herself together and willed her body to hold on.

Thankfully, the flow finally died down as the hairdresser turned it off. She gently asked Eileen to sit straight so that she could wrap her hair in a towel. Eileen obliged, too happy to be able to move, squirming heavily in the process. She made sure to keep her legs crossed, not wanting to take any risk.

“Please follow me,” the hairdresser asked with a smile, heading for the styling chairs.

Standing up was not an easy thing. She carefully uncrossed her legs, focusing on not losing any drop. Taking a deep breath, she grabbed the leather armrests and slowly got up. She glanced hesitantly at the bathroom door before shifting her gaze towards the young woman waiting for her with a hand on the back of the empty chair. “It’s okay,” she decided. “It will be over soon. I’ll just let her cut my hair, then I’ll pay quickly and I’ll use their bathroom. I can hold it.” She crossed the room to the chair, trying not to squirm too much. She resisted the urge to press her crotch and hoped no one would notice her tense gait. Reaching the black chair, she gratefully sat down and was spun around by the hairdresser so that she would face the mirror.

After she quickly showed the other woman the kind of haircut she wanted – opting for something much simpler than she had originally planned, the latter produced a plastic comb from a drawer and started untangling the thick brown hair. The first time the teeth of the comb gently scratched her sensitive scalp, her body jerked up and she felt herself squirt slightly more. She blushed and looked down, immediately spotting a small wet patch on her crotch. She silently prayed that no one would notice and managed to endure the remaining of the combing session, unable to refrain from bouncing her right knee up and down. Her bladder was now extremely painful, screaming for release and not so far from taking the initiative itself should it be ignored for too long.

Eileen was glad when the hairdresser finally put down her comb and replaced it with a pair of scissors. She almost groaned out loud, however, when she realized that the cutting sound caused by the blades just made her want to pee even more, if this was even possible. As if it weren’t enough, the severed locks kept brushing her bare cheeks and neck in their fall, tickling her mercilessly. Fifteen minutes later found her completely desperate, unconsciously chewing on her lip and rubbing her knees one against the other. As her bladder protested once more, she felt a burning, oddly pleasant shiver run down her spine and spread into her entire body. She gulped worriedly, starting to seriously question her ability to hold it. And now she could hardly ask to use the toilet in the middle of the haircut. “Come on – it’s almost over. You can do it” she encouraged herself.

Suddenly, the scissors closed right next to her ear startling her as the sound was amplified by the proximity. She gasped, feeling her control slip once more, and was powerless to stop the long spurt escaping her urethra and wetting the white fabric of her pants a bit more. Clenching her muscles, she managed to stop the flow but could now see that the urine had formed a tennis-ball-sized stain between her legs. Moreover, she was now getting paranoid, convincing herself that she could smell the pungent smell of pee. Beet red, she instinctively reached for her crotch, stopping herself at the last moment. She didn’t want to attract attention on her now visible –and possibly smelly – problem. Instead, she started discretely fanning her legs under the table.

“That’s it!” announced the hairdresser. “Now I’ll just dry your hair and we’ll be done.”

Before Eileen could open her mouth and ask to be let out of her seat for a quick moment, the other woman grabbed the hair-dryer and turned it on. The familiar swooshing sound filled her ears, coursed through her body and reached her achingly full bladder, teasing it into giving way. A soft whimper escaped her trembling lips as she once more managed to delay the inevitable flow. She gripped the fabric of her trousers around her groin and pulled at it in an attempt to press the crotch area against her pulsing urethra. It had little effect, especially since the fabric was soaked, but it still helped her holding on until her hair was dry and the device was turned off. At that point, she thought she was going to faint. She was in agony, wanting nothing but to relieve herself. “That’s it! Pride be damned, I’m going to the bathroom right now!”

“Do you like it?” the hairdresser asked.

“Uh?” she uttered unintelligently, before realizing the other was asking about her haircut. “Oh yeah, it’s really nice! Thanks a lot!”

It was true, her hair looked stunning. Right now, however, looking great was the last thing on her mind. She started standing up, which proved even more difficult than before. She thought she was going to lose it any second now. She danced slightly in place to remain in control, blushing heavily as she did so. Seeing the young woman gesturing her to follow her to the reception desk, she knew that she had to stop her.

“Wait! Hum…Could I please quickly use your bathroom before paying?” she asked, trying to but failing at masking the desperation in her voice.

The woman’s eyes widened as she took in her tense stance. “Oh my! Of course! You should have asked me earlier!”

The words were meant to be sympathetic, but to Eileen’s ears it only sounded embarrassing, making her feel like a little kid unable to speak up when necessary. She didn’t linger on it though, as her bladder sent her a spurting reminder of her pressing need. No longer trying to hide her desperation, she brought her hand to her crotch, grabbing herself tightly, and made a dash for the bathroom, hoping that no one would notice her wet spot. Upon reaching the door, she had to stop abruptly, bending over and clenching all her muscles in order to hold it in. But she could not prevent another spurt from getting through her already saturated panties and into her pants, adding to the wetness on it. “Please”, she begged mentally, “just a little longer. Don’t let me lose it here!”

It took all of her strength to open the door and cross the threshold, but once inside, she realized she couldn’t move without losing it right here. To make matter worse, the sight of the toilet brought a sense of relief to her body that came at a high-price.

“No….no! Not yet! Oh!” she pleaded, feeling herself lose control.

But her bladder would have none of it this time. It had given her enough signals during the past hour and it was now done being ignored. It was time for revenge. Which, in this very case, came in the form of a dish served warm and wet.

A new, stronger spurt gushed out of her crotch, running down her leg. She did all she could to put an end to it, but in spite of all her efforts, all she succeeded to do was to reduce the stream for a few seconds before it came back forcefully. As she felt the acute pain in her abdomen increase and then slowly fade away, replaced by a compound of relief and unexpected pleasure, Eileen knew she had lost the fight and simply stopped struggling. Uncrossing her shaky legs, she let the warm flow rush out of her with a hissing sound that echoed in the empty bathroom, rapidly followed by the noise of urine splattering on the tiled floor. She had lost the sense of time, sobbing without even realizing it, caught in between ecstasy and horror as her immaculate pants quickly turned dark grey.

Then it was all over, and all she could hear was the irregular sound of small drops caught in the white fabric dripping into the puddle beneath her. As she caught sight of it, however, the reality of what had just happened dawned upon her and she let out a horrified gasp. She had just wet her pants. Not even two meters away from a toilet bowl. At 26. She was utterly mortified. Never had she been so humiliated, except maybe that time when she had peed her pants in front of her whole class at the age of 7. But she had been a child back then, so it had been acceptable. It was not supposed to happen now!

She wrinkled her nose as the strong smell of urine reached her nostrils. Then, glancing at the door, she paled when it occurred to her that she had yet to exit the room, pay for her haircut and then go back to her house. There was absolutely no way to hide her accident now. The whole length of her trouser legs was thoroughly soaked and she had managed to wet the hem of her sleeves in the process. Not to mention the unmistakable smell. She sighed in defeat. After washing her hands in the sink nearby in a vain attempt to feel a bit cleaner, she took out her cell phone that was thankfully in her pocket and called a taxi. The quicker she called one, the sooner it would arrive and the shorter would be the wait outside.

She hung up and looked around for something to do – maybe a mop or come kind of cloth that she could use to clean up a bit her mess, but she found none. She realized that she was stalling, not exactly looking forward to come out for everyone to see her state. But she also knew she couldn’t stay in here forever. As if to confirm her musing, a soft knock was heard, followed by the clear voice of the hairdresser:

“Miss? Is everything all right? You’ve been in here for quite a long time now…You’re not sick, are you?”

Not feeling like verbalizing what was wrong, Eileen just opened the door, looking at her feet, blushing even more when she heard the shocked gasp of the young woman.

“I am…hum…sorry, I…I wanted to clean up but there was no…” she mumbled, still not looking at the other.

“Oh. Err…It’s all right. Don’t worry about it. We’ll take care of it. I’ll bring you your coat and then you can pay,” she answered, regaining her composure and doing a fine job at ignoring the obvious. She was definitely shocked though, and so were her colleagues, who suddenly all looked very busy. The other customers didn’t try so hard to pretend not to notice, and Eileen could clearly make out snickers and disapproving whispers. She usually complained about the ridiculously expensive price of haircuts, but as she put on her coat and went to pay for her session, she would have gladly paid twice the price if it could have made the ground swallow her up.

She sighed in relief when she finally walked out the salon door. Her coat was not long enough to hide everything, but you at least had to glance at her legs to notice anything now. Besides, the street outside the shop was virtually empty. She only hoped the taxi driver would not spot her accident. As she stood there, waiting for the car in her pants getting cold and uncomfortable, she started listing the other hair salons she knew of, for there was no way she would show her face in this one anytime soon. But as she recalled the strange, pleasant feeling that had accompanied her loss of control, she started to wonder whether there was not something to explore here. “Later,” she promised herself as she spotted the car coming her way at the angle of the street.

Well, that’s it. I hope you enjoyed it, criticism is welcome :)

*004*2012-05-08 22:13

Thank you guys for taking the time to read and comment !

{{: 

Excellent story! I'd personally like to see an OMO story set in a spa, where a woman is getting a full body massage while desperate, and she tries to hold on.

}}

Hmm, I like the idea!

*011*2012-05-22 19:25

Thanks a lot for the comments!

And thank you for the advice Marin, I'm looking it up right now :)

