Taxi Accident

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-14 21:14

Here is another of my stories which has been posted elsewhere before. I have changed the ending slightly as the first attempt was too rushed. I have a few more stories in draft form, so I will try to get them posted soon.

Fiona stood impatiently on the pavement listening to the taxi driver ranting on about his vehicle. She was the last of a group of friends to be dropped off after being out for the evening. They had only been about a ten minute drive away from her flat when the taxi was suddenly struck by another vehicle, causing considerable damage to the taxi. Before the taxi driver could get out, the other vehicle had sped away, so he had called for the police to attend. He had insisted Fiona get out of the taxi and stand on the pavement, as he was concerned that there might be another collision, as the taxi was standing at an angle in the road.

Fiona wished the police would hurry up and get there. She was fed up of listening to the driver raving on about all the ills of society, most of which he was blaming for the mindset of someone who would collide with another car and then run away. There was also another reason Fiona was wishing the police would arrive. She was really needing the loo – really needing! She had almost gone to the toilet before leaving the pub, but had reasoned that, as she hadn’t been needing too badly she would easily last for the twenty minutes or so it would take to get home. However, that had been over half an hour ago, and now she was becoming pretty desperate. She was trying not to show how serious things were, but she was really, really bursting.

She stood with her knees twisted together, and every now and again gave herself a little squeeze when she figured the driver wasn’t looking. She was needing so badly that she was at the stage where she would have gladly gone in the nearest dark alley, but as soon as he had contacted the police, the driver had told her that she was a witness and had to stay at the scene to be interviewed. She even thought about telling him she had to go for a moment, but would return to see the police, but he was too irate for her to even dare mention it. She was worried too that if she did go for a wee down an alley the police might arrive and find her, so she decided she would just have to hold on, and hope the whole business would be over quickly.

After about another five agonising minutes a police car drove up. A male sergeant stepped out and the taxi driver started on him immediately. Fiona was glad to see him being followed out by the driver, who was WPC. She came over to Fiona and asked if she was OK, to which she replied that she was fine, just fed up of standing waiting. The WPC then introduced herself as WPC Black, and apologised for the time it had taken for them to arrive. They had been the subject of a formal inspection by the Divisional Commander, which was why she was dressed in a uniform of skirt and dress jacket, rather than the more practical trousers and shirt. She then proceeded to ask Fiona about the accident.

Whilst explaining what had happened, a sudden spasm struck Fiona’s bladder, and she had to grab herself between the legs to prevent an accident. WPC Black noticed something was amiss, and asked her again if she was alright. Fiona then replied again that she was fine, but followed by whispering that she really needed the loo. WPC Black carried on taking notes and asking questions before noticing that Fiona was really in some difficulty, as she could hardly stand still. She motioned for Fiona to move along the pavement a bit, away from where the sergeant and the taxi driver were having a heated discussion. Then she said to Fiona “You are in bad way, aren’t you. I’ll be a s quick as I can.” Fiona was at least glad that the policewoman realised her predicament, and was trying to be helpful. Fiona then said “Oh thanks. I’m really grateful. I am absolutely desperate. I don’t know if I’ll be able to wait much longer. It’s that bad.”

“Oh dear said WPC Black. I’m afraid I can’t just let you go here at the side of a main road, especially such a well lit one as this.” Then she said in a quieter voice “It’s the sergeant, you see. He goes strictly by the book. If he saw you peeing here he would make me charge you for urinating in a public place and I don’t want to do that.” As she had been speaking, another spasm hit Fiona. This time she really had to hold herself hard, forgetting all attempts to try and hide what she was doing. She was almost sobbing now, and was sure that she was going to go in her knickers at any moment.

“You’ve got to help me!” she pleaded. “I’m nearly wetting myself. I don’t think I am going to manage to hold on. I’m nearly leaking already.”

This last statement was true, as Fiona was sure that her knickers were getting damp. WPC Black considered the options available to her. She thought about the She-Wee device she always carried in her kit in case she was caught short on duty, but realised that as Fiona was wearing a skirt it would not be much help to her. She thought about driving her home, but it was unlikely the sergeant would let her take the car away. Also, what if Fiona wet herself in the car. That would leave her with some explaining to do.

The trouble was, all this talk and thought of peeing was making her feel the need to go as well. She had drank a few cups of coffee whilst mingling with the dignataries at the inspection and had not had the chance to use the toilet before coming to the scene. She could do with a pee quite badly now too, and it looked as if the sergeant and the taxi driver were going to be there half the night, as the one was as stubborn as the other. Then she came up with a plan that would let both women discreetly relieve themselves.

WPC Black said to Fiona “Which way did the other car go?” As she said it she winked at Fiona and nodded suggestively down a dark side street just a few houses along the road. Fiona replied “Yes, down that street just up there.” WPC Black then took Fiona gently by the arm and set off in the direction she had indicated. As they passed the sergeant she told him that they were going to go down the road the car had taken to see if it was lying abandoned anywhere nearby. Fiona was struggling to walk properly, but was delighted at the thought of a chance to relieve herself. She was now holding herself continually between the legs, sometimes with both hands. She was sure that her knickers were a bit wet, but nothing ahd showed through her clothing yet.

When they were our of earshot of the two arguing males, WPC Black confided to Fiona that she was needing to go as well, and that as soon as they reached a suitable spot she could have apee without any fear of being arrested. Fiona thanked her for being so understanding as they hurried as best they could towards a dimly lit area beside a large parked van. However, before they got there, WPC Black’s radio burst into life with the information that the taxi driver was of the opinion they were in the wrong street. WPC Black was now at the stage of holding herself too, and she replied with some irritation in her voice that they would come back and go in the direction suggested.

She said to Fiona “We’ll have to go back, but I’ll wait till you have a pee first. I can see how desperate you are.” Fiona was now too desperate to say anything. She tried to walk the remaining few yard to the seclusion of the dark corner. Her thighs were squeezed together and she was bent forward, clutching herself with both hands. Then it happened.

She started to moan softly, followed by a sharp gasp. This was followed in turn by a hiss and splatter, as her pee escaped from under her skirt and flooded around her feet. She stood and spread her legs apart as far as she could, with pee pouring out of her, soaking her knickers and tights and splashing her shoes. She was absolultely shocked at the quantity of pee she had been holding, but the relief was glorious. When she finished she turned to WPC Black to apologise, only to see her pulling up the hem of her skirt before squatting in the shadows of the van. Again ther was a spklashing, hissing sound and F?iona could see puddle forming beneath WPC Black.

She couldn’t tell in the darkness, but she was sure that she still had her knickers and tights on and was peeing forcibly trough them. As if to confirm her thoughs WPc Black said "I'm sorry. but seeing you wet yourself set me off and I couldn't hold on. My knickers are absolutely drenched. I'll have to take them off or I'll wet my skirt when I go back in the car." With that she whipped her knickers off and wiped herself dry before chucking them under the parked van. She gave a little smile before sayin "I'll bet they will never guess where they came from" then she said to Fiona “Oh well. It’s not the end of the world. At least I won’t have to arrest you nor will I have to ask that horrible sergeant to stop somewhere so I can pee. I promise you I won’t tell a soul. Accidents can happen to any body you know."

