Envy's Misery

Author: Gods Of Death

*000*2013-06-26 20:41

I posted this in request, bit that isn't going to happen. So here we are, a FMA about Envy, my favorite sin.

Envy sat in a the office of Mustang, the man who caught him. Soon enough, Bradely would come and free him.

Not that he was worried about that. He was worried about his full bladder. That's actually how Mustang caught him, he was looking for a place to releave himself.

"Oi, flame head."

Mustang looked up from the endless pile of paperwork, glaring at the nickname he acquired. He really wanted to burn this guy to a pulp, unfortunantly President Bradley wanted to question him, a.k.a., set him free with no damage done.

"Just because you aren't ash, don't assume we're chummy," a vain throbbed on his forehead. How could he handle Envy and demonic paper work?

Envy just ignored everything said, "Where's the bathroom." he glanced around, keeping a calm exterior.

"Like I haven't heard that one before. As soon as I let you go, you get away. I wasn't born yesterday."

"Niether was I. I think I could cone up with a better excuse than just needing to piss!" at the mention of the word piss, he cringed. Sure be could hold on, but it was uncomfortable.

"I don't think Humunculi need to 'piss' as you so rudely put it." not even bothering to look up from his work any more.

"Who cares what you think. Your half baked thoughts aren't as good as fact. Fact Is that I need to go!"

"I'm just going to ignore you now," he said more to himself than to the green haired sin.

Envy grumbled to himself.

After an hour, Envy had moved from his pouty position of leaning back with his arms crossed to sitting strait up with one of his hands not too discreetly jammed between hi legs, making the skirt part of his skort ride up.

"Mustang, I wasn't joking before, I am certainly not joking now. I need to go!" he put extra emphasis on the need.

Again, no response from the raven haired man at the desk.

A small spurt dribbled out, making a tiny wet spot on the already dark material. A small 'eep' followed. His other hand joined the first at his crotch I'm an attemp to keep back the floods.

"Mustang, I swear on my life, if you don't let me go now, I'm going to pee all over your couch."

"Fine!" Roy finally answered, slamming his hands on the desk and an agry vain on his forehead. "If I take you, will you SHUT UP?" the pile of paper on his desk hadn't gone down by a single paper in the last hour, the sin finally noticed that.

Quickly be nodded, his green, palm tree like hair bouncing along with his head.

Roy got up and walked down the hall, Envy following, hands still clutching at his member. It was an awfull experience.

Every step he took, he leaked. He couldn't believe this! He, a being above all humans, who had started wars, lived longer than any human, was on the verge of an accident.

As they walked down the halls, people stared at him. It was an odd sight, seeing a teenager crouched over, holding himself like a toddler. And to top of off, the flame alchemist was acting like it was completely normal.

"C-can we hurry up?" he knew very well if they sped up, he wouldn't be able to keep up in his crouched position.

Did Envy just stutter? Roy smirked, was this sin more desperate than he thought? He pretended not to hear.

"P-please?" I guess he was more desperate than either of them thought. He turned to face the teen.

"I don't think you can handle of if we go faster." it was true, the boy was already lagging a bit. "Don't worry, we're almost there, he smiled, but one full of mock instead of concern.

Envy just whimpered in response.

Soon enough, he opened the door to a single person restroom. After the sin entered, he locked the door behind both of them, much to the other's surprise.

Aren't you going to, you know..." he tried gesturing to the door, but it was hard seeing how both hands seemed to have taken permanent resident at his somewhat damp crotch.

"I told you, I wasn't born yesterday. As soon as I leave, you're probably going to do something," he crossed his arms over his chest stubbornly.

"Well, I'm not going to pee in front of some perve!" he would've crossed his arms, had they not been occupied.

"This is your only chance," he warned.

"F-forget it." Mustang could see the sweat on the sin's brow as a particularly long leak escaped. Now there was a wet spot barely peeking out from beneath the hands.

"Well, now's a good of time as any to wash my hands." he turned on the faucet, first a slow dribble, slowly getting louder and stronger, just to tease Envy.

It worked, the homunculus couldn't hold it any longer. Slowly, like the faucet, he began to release. First a steady stream trickling down his leg, then a mad current burst from his member, soaking his skort and seeping through his hands. The sound of his forcefull stream seemed to echo.

Ashamed and disgusted, he just stood in a big puddle of his own urine.

"Now that that's over. Let's get you back to my office, Bradley shouldbe waiting to question you," once again, acting like everything was completely normal.

"N-no. I-I'm not going out there!" he tried his hardest to sound tough, but be felt so ashamed. A two year old could probably handle their bladder better than he just proved he could.

Not to mention how the people who had watched ammused as he painfully made it down the hall, would think if he returned after having an accident. He was Envy, for crying put loud. They had no tight to judge him on whether or not he was potty trained!

Mustang left without a word, leaving the sin to wallow in his own pity for a bit.

Now that the man was gone, Envy shamelessly cried.

After a few minutes of self-pity, he looked up to see the homunculus Wrath, standing, watching the eight before him.

"How pitiful. Pride could do better than this."

His comment was met with a glare and a shakey, "Sh-shut up bastard."

Still, despite the hurt ego, he followed the president out. Wanting nothing more than to clean up and forget the whole ordeal,

