The Waiting Game (Female/female Version!)

Author: wRetch

*000*2010-11-06 01:54

This is nearly the EXACT same story as the other one, only this one is with 2 women. (Cheap, I know.) Hopefully, this will be more palatable to a lot of the people on here. cx The find/replace function is not infallible, so please be kind about minor errors. Anyway, here it is.

###

The somewhat small room was dimly lit, the light from a television on the far side flickered, casting a bluish light over the two young women who sat on the floor.

The One, busty but slender in her build, accentuated by the sheer nightshirt and panties she wore, sat in an odd position on an over-sized pillow, and scribbled on a sheet of paper. The Other, whose frame was indistinguishably wrapped in a sweater, peered over her shoulder, enthralled by her work.

They traded ideas for hours. The soft-spoken One, whose speech was pressured on occasion, and the sunny, gentle Other, who had a cheerful ring gracing all her words. The exchange was something interesting to hear.

Beginning to stir, the One paused for a moment, and with a fleeting crease of her brow, settled back. She sipped from a bottle of water, then set it down next to several other empty bottles. She was a chatterbox once she was on the right topic; consequently (as she would usually claim), she drank a lot of water.

The Other looked at her, to the bottles strewn about the floor, then stole a glance at the clock. A small, impish smirk crept across her normally innocent face. That moment of discomfort, however brief, spoke volumes. It was now time for what the Other called the 'Waiting Game'.

As the One droned on, every few thoughts were punctuated by a shift of her legs. The countless bottles of water had made their way through her system.

A short time went by. The One squirmed, and switched positions every few minutes. Though it wasn't cold, her nipples began to protrude from her shirt. She was entirely nonchalant about this, and paid it no mind.

Another long sip of water, this time followed by a brief grab of her crotch, and a small, sharp intake of breath. this display forced the Other's libido, characterized by a small blush, to awaken, though the One failed to notice. Considering she barely noticed her OWN dilemma, it was not surprising.

More time passed. The One wriggled constantly now; it carried a tension about it that was different from her normal fidgeting; this was jerky, hurried, desperate. She reached down again, squeezing hard. An uncomfortable noise followed.

Unable to ignore it anymore, she finally spoke up. Softly voicing her need to the Other, her hand hovered over her panties should the need to apply more pressure arise. As she went to stand, the Other tugged lightly at her arm.

The One looked over, quizzically. There was a distinct air of restlessness in her demeanor; wincing a bit, a bead of sweat running down her forehead, with hand clamped over her crotch. A small, almost impatient huff followed.

The Other drank in the sight, held the One's wrist firmly, then took a deep breath. Momentarily holding eye contact so intense it might just stop one's heart, in a voice that undermined her characteristic ring, she made a breathy command.

"Hold it."

An order which held a tone of authority, but was just as gentle and soothing as always. Somehow, the One found this reassuring.

Going slightly wide-eyed, her cheeks took on an almost imperceivable blush. She didn't object. She stayed in her place, though now she pressed her thighs together tightly as she writhed. The hold on her crotch didn't cease; her bladder was rapidly filling past its' capacity.

The Other nudged that gripping hand to the side. She slid an open palm over the One's protruding lower abdomen, and applied a slight pressure. Those hands were warm; very warm. this elicited a soft whimper from the One and caused her to tense up. The close contact brought the One to full excitement quickly, despite what her aching bladder had to say.

The One bit her lip, and squeezed her eyes shut in an odd mixture of discomfort and excitement. The Other, merciless in her intentions, kept a hand pressed just under the woman's navel.

A bit more pressure, and the One had to actively clench her muscles to keep herself under control. It stung so much that she couldn't keep it up for more than a moment. A small cry, then a trickle of urine leaked onto her panties. The Other relented for a moment, quite satisfied. She had opened the flood gates; the torrent was inevitable.

The One was sweating and panting softly as she desperately clenched her pelvic floor, trying to regain her composure. She froze for a moment, a deep, shaky breath indicating momentary success, until a forceful contraction of her bladder made her hand fly to her crotch.

It was futile; another spurt of urine escaped her, and created a noticeable wet patch on her panties. The Other rubbed her hand over the wetness lustfully, and shooed that pesky hand to the side.

Pushing down, much more softly this time, on the One's bladder now had a profound effect; a stream of liquid spilled out, enough to begin dripping down her legs. The One groaned loudly. After a few long spurts, she reclaimed control of her flow, but her kidneys were still working overtime, and stretched her bladder more and more.

Her muscles were tiring, her stomach ached, and the urine stung and teased her insides. Another contraction, and she leaked again, an uncontollable stream. She tried so hard to stop it, but only managed to slow it in several unsteady waves. After a few seconds, and with every ounce of willpower she had, she managed to stop the flow to a few small drips.

With a pathetic whimper, she shakily murmured, "...I can't...I can't hold it anymore." A few ragged breaths followed, a few seconds of dripping. Then, leaning against the other, a defeated moan was heard as a flood of warmth cascaded from between her thighs.

The Other tugged the woman's panties down, and played in her stream. 'High pressure' couldn't even begin to describe it; it sprayed out of her with enough force to cause bodily harm. Placing her fingers on either side of the woman's labia, she aimed the stream clumsily toward her.

Pulling her into an embrace and hiking her up onto her thigh, their stomachs met as the urine gushed, thoroughly soaking the front of their panties and the bottom of their shirts. Try as she might, the One simply couldn't bring herself to stop. The urine poured from her, splattering and flooding the hardwood floor beneath her. The sound resonated loudly, like small chains rattling.

The One collapsed into the embrace, voiding completely on the Other's leg. As the flow tapered down, she groaned softly in relief, then shivered. It gradually slowed, and she panted, the sense of decreasing pressure felt wonderful at that point.

After a short pause,she looked at the massive puddle on the floor. It had spread everywhere. She meekly apologized. The Other gave her a reassuring stroke of her hair, then tugged her off to the next room to get cleaned up.

