The college Student in Diapers for a night

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-12-11 16:56

Nicole laid back in her bed thinking about the events that led up to her current situation now diapered in bed. The twenty-four year old girl had never thought she would be forced to regress back so many years for something so simple as needing to pee, but this day had snuck up on her in surprise after surprise.

Nicole rolled onto her side as she thought about the teacher in her math class. He had not said anything out of the ordinary, nor had he let on that he had any hidden agenda at the time she had come to his office to get some extra help with particularly tricky math problems. She sat at the student desk in his office, and she looked up at him as though an adult were addressing another adult with a problem that one adult might know an answer to. He had not responded at first in any way that was demeaning to her or to call her stupid.

So, as Nicole recalled each of the events lying on her side, her left hand holding her sore potty lips almost caressing them to let them know that the worst of the day was over, and that she was safely cradled in a pink diaper with a waist band of puppies and kittens. She thought more about that afternoon as her body felt warm with relief that it was all over.

Nicole had come in the office wearing faded jeans that barely pulled up over her waist showing the top of her pink panties and a white top that barely covered her breasts for it had no collar or cloth covering her shoulders. The teacher had certainly looked at her the way she had intended for him to look at her, with a hint of lust in his eyes. She had picked that outfit out just for him so he would want to spend as much time as possible in discussing the math problems with her.

He was wearing his usual brown business suit, and his salt and pepper hair told of the years he had spent teaching at the university. Nicole smiled as she walked into the office and put her bag down in the student chair before turning her attention to the teacher.

“Mr. Smith, I’m really having trouble with the new stuff. I just don’t get the new formulas and the way they work.”

“Open your book,” he instructed her, and she immediately complied sitting in the student desk and getting her stuff from her bag. He was a very good teacher at explaining things, the problem was that in the classroom, she was always nervous of asking questions because she was sure that she was behind everyone else in class, and she was scared of sounding stupid.

“Okay, let’s see you try it first so I can see what mistakes you are making,” he smiled at her. How about you do this problem.

Nicole looked at the problem carefully that he sat up on the whiteboard, and she copied it down carefully to get it right. She didn’t need dumb mistakes holding her up from getting to the real problem of her misunderstanding.

“You really should have taken the class before this one this year, am I right?” he asked her not unkindly.

“I guess so, but now I’m stuck in this class, or I’ll lose my scholarship,” she sighed to him. “Please help me.”

“Alright, I’ll help you if you promise to take the class over again next year. I think the second time around, you’ll get a lot further ahead in the course than where you are now, and it will prepare you for the next level.”

“I promise,” she nodded at him as she sat waiting for him to explain what she was doing wrong.

“Alright, now what you have here….” He began to explain. Nicole thought about the session a bit more, and wondered how she got through it and how she learned the mechanics of the formula, but somehow, she had even remembered how it worked, but she did recall how much her need to finish the tutoring started to bother her for a couple of reasons. First, she was starting to feel the first warning signs of a full bladder and second, she had her English class in the next twenty minutes. It had taken the professor nearly an hour to teach her the formula, and she had really hoped it would have taken only ten minutes.

“I think I get it now,” she had remembered telling him, but he wasn’t satisfied. He seemed to think she was just trying to get out of there, and wanted to make sure to test that she really did get it, so he gave her a complicated problem and told her that if she solved that problem with the correct answer, then he’d let her go, otherwise, he’d have to go back and explain where she went wrong again. Nicole had come to him for help, so she knew that she had to do what he asked, if she expected him to help her again in the future, and she knew that this was on the classes that she really needed the extra help in.

“Okay,” Nicole explained the problem as she went step by step careful to try to follow each point and not rush it for fear of making a mistake. Her bladder was starting to throb as she neared the middle of her explanation, and she knew she’d have to hurry to the bathroom before her English lesson.

“Nicole, just relax and try to take your time,” he encouraged her. “When you rush things, you make mistakes that are senseless even if you don’t understand some of what you are doing, you look dumber than you are. Now, go back and look at what you just wrote and explained.”

Nicole looked back at her problem, and she blushed. He was right. She had known that six times eight was definitely not fifty-four, but forty-eight. She went back over her work to make sure that what she had done so far, was correct as far as she understood it to that point, then just before she could continue from where she left off, she felt a little pin prick of pressure on her pee hole and coming from her bladder. She really did need to get to the bathroom kind of soon.

“Excuse me,” she looked up at him. “But can we do this later because I really have to get to my English class in ten minutes.”

“Well, I’m going home for the day in an hour, and if you don’t have the assignment ready by tomorrow, it will be late, young lady. Are you sure this can wait?”

Nicole shook her head. She knew that if what he was saying was true, then she didn’t have any more chances to get this straight before the assignment was due. She crossed her legs and continued to work knowing that she might even have to be late for her English class which also worried her a little. But at least in English, she was pulling a decent grade, and if she explained the situation to the teacher, she was sure Mrs. Marrite would understand.

“Okay, I guess you’re right. I do need to know how to do this before I leave here. It’s just so confusing,” Nicole looked up at him with her sad blue eyes.

“Oh, now, it’s not as terrible as it seems. You are so worried about getting it, that you are using all your effort telling yourself how hard it is rather than how easy it is. If you changed your thinking a bit, I’m sure you could do this, Nicole.”

Nicole looked at him funny like she wondered how just thinking it was easy would help her understand up, but she didn’t say anything about what he had told her, but rather went to work on trying to make the current problem work out.

“Nicole,” he scolded her. “You are rushing again. Look at what you just wrote.”

Nicole looked back over her paper, and she blushed. He was right, she was rushing, not so much because she was afraid of being late to English, but more because her pelvic muscles were shaking and straining to keep her from embarrassing herself. She looked up into his eyes. She wondered if he would at least allow her to go to the restroom before continuing.

“Sir, I’m really sorry but I’ve got to… um… pee. If I could just go, I might be able to concentrate better.”

“Nicole, you came to my office hours, on my time, and your time. If you are here just to waste time, I’d prefer you found someone else to do it with. You’ve been complaining since you got here over one thing or another, and I personally don’t need the stress of trying to teach a helpless student if that student is not interested in passing.”

“But I am,” Nicole looked at him with anger in her eyes.

“Then show me,” he glared at her sternly. “Get back to work and stop making excuses to try to get out of here. I really have other work I could be doing if you want to waste time.”

Nicole nodded and went back to work trying to make sure to correct all her previous mistakes first. She knew she’d be making a lot less mistakes if her bladder wasn’t distracting her from what she was doing.

“Okay, I’ve corrected the mistakes,” Nicole said before she proceeded to give him a chance to check her work over first. He just waved his hand on for her to work on the next step without really checking. She could tell that he was now just fed up with her, and partly wanted her out of his hair. She could just leave, but if she didn’t get it, and she tried to get help later, would he help her? She doubted it. She had to try to show that she was earnest in wanting his help.

Nicole’s breathing started to pick up as she worked on the last leg of the problem. She could almost hear the whining breaths as she tried to keep her stomach muscles tight, her legs tightly closed, and every ounce of pressure on her pee hole as she could muster to keep it from letting any wetness through. She wiped her brow with her left hand and looked down at her paper to think about the next step. She could already see a mistake without the teacher pointing it out to her, and she quickly erased it and started over again from that point, her legs now rubbing frantically against each other.

Mr. Smith noticed that she was rubbing her thighs together, and his eyes seemed to watch her. Nicole wasn’t sure if he was angry about it, if he was kind of turned on, or if he simply thought she was faking again. She just knew that she had to try to please him because she definitely needed his help in the near future as well as at this moment. She sighed as she tried to cover up her need a bit more modestly.

“Nicole, you need to look at your work again,” he said lazily as he looked from her lap to her paper on her desk. “You are missing something.”

“Oh, yeah,” Nicole remembered and carried a number down to do the next part of the equation. “Why do they make these things so complex anyway,” she asked him a rhetorical question.

“If it helps, think of it as five simpler problems,” Mr. Smith smiled up at her to show that he wasn’t impatient with her at the moment. She rubbed her legs with her left hand as she tried to think about what she was missing, and then she continued her work as though she had not been interrupted. Finally, the problem was approaching completion, and now, as her problem started to drop numbers into place in the answer, her bladder was also threatening to drop driblets into her panties.

Nicole looked up at him as she wrote the last of the numbers down for the answer, her panties still quite dry, but her knees bouncing all over the place, and her legs rubbing each other along with her left hand rubbing her zipper area. She was about to wet her pants if he kept her much longer.

“I am still not convinced that you are ready to go alone, but as I have a lot of things I still need to do before I leave the office, I think we should call it a day for now. If you want to be able to turn your assignment in on time, I’ll need to see you first thing in the morning before class.”

“Yes sir. How early do you want me to be.”

“You will need about two hours to complete the homework, I think.”

“I promise I’ll be here,” Nicole looked up at him before collecting her things, her legs still stiffly held together to try to keep the flood inside her bladder. She was feeling really full, and a kind of cold pain was lodged in her stomach sending pains to her hear region, and a shooting cramp sent a signal around the bulge of her zipper area.

Nicole walked towards the bathrooms now, already nearly ten minutes late as it was for English class. She could barely walk, and she hoped that she made it before anyone saw her walking so strangely or before she started to wet her panties.

As luck would have it, though, Mrs. Marrite was walking in the halls at just that time, and they met at the bathroom door. Nicole was surprised to see her English teacher late for her own class.

“Um… hi, Mrs. Marrite!”

“Nicole, nice to see you. Are you going to give me the excuse that you were on your way to the bathroom as a reason for not coming to class?” she asked her.

“No ma’am. I mean, it’s only part of the reason I’m late. I was going to go to class right after I used the ….” But it was already nearing too late, and Nicole felt her panties suddenly dampen in the gusset area. She clinched her legs tighter together. “Please, I can’t talk right now, I’m really going to pee my pants if I don’t go now,” Nicole looked at her teacher with sincerity.

“Well, go in the cubical and use the bathroom,” she pointed to the toilet space. “I can wait a moment or two, but by the looks you are giving, I doubt you can.”

Nicole rushed into the cubical, but her already aching bladder had already felt the relief of a little of the pressure, it was so good that it decided to send a bit more before she got into the stall. Her panties started to soak through enough to wet her jeans bottoms, and though she tried to stop it, it was becoming pointless, and she could only sit on the toilet to try to unbutton her jeans because of how full her bladder felt. She squirted again and again into her jeans until the pressure was loose enough that she was able to unzip her jeans. The pee was already coming out, but not caring, Nicole slid down her pants anyway, and just finished peeing her in her panties because they were already soaked.

Nicole sat there for a few moments staring down at her soaked jeans knowing that even sliding them down her legs had not stopped them from getting really wet. She looked at her pink panties on the toilet, and felt them with her left hand knowing that her slimy wet pee had already been bad enough that there was no way she should wear these all the way back home. She wondered what she would do if Mrs. Marrite had made her go to class as she was.

Marrite, becoming a bit concerned for her student, had decided to open the cubical on her student once she had finished peeing, and she saw her grown student sitting there in soaked panties and her soaked jeans pulled to her ankles.

“You peed your pants?” she asked her pointedly.

“Yes, ma’am.”

“So, you are not only late to class, but now you expect to come to my class in wet pants?” she asked her.

“Um… I was hoping, actually….”

“That I’d let you miss class because of this?” she asked her student looking quite stern.

“Yeah. I mean, you know where I was and what happened. Can’t I… just… you know, just today?”

“Tell you what,” Mrs. Marrite reasoned with her. “I won’t take any points off and you can go straight to your dorm to collect what you’ll need for the night if you come to my house this afternoon to go over the assignment, and then to get some training that you desperately need.”

“Training?”

“Yes, you’ll know what I mean, when you get here.”

So, now, Nicole was laying on a single bed with a princess bedspread as though she were a little girl in a diaper at her teacher’s house. It was only nine o’clock, and the teacher told her it was definitely bedtime so she could get a good start in the morning to be to her classes on time.

Nicole rolled back onto her back and put her hand on her diaper again and felt its full bulky protection. She didn’t know if Marrite expected her to really use it during the night or not, but she had not taken any sass over the thing. She told Nicole that if she continued to sass her about the diaper, she would not only take off the points for that day in English, but she would talk to her math teacher about what was keeping her, and discuss if she really shouldn’t go back in all of her classes to lower than high school level. Nicole definitely didn’t want that, so she let the teacher diaper her in the end.

*005*2011-12-14 08:28

My internet time is limited a lot these days by real life, so I'll think about writing a chapter two. It seems a lot of people are expecting one, and I actually thought this story was just finished. Ha ha.

Anyway, I'll get thinking about it, but I beg you not to expect anything before January as my time is limited. I may even have it out in less than a week though, despite saying this, depending how my creativity gets going or not, and what is going on. Just be patient if you really do like this story.

*007*2011-12-15 01:48

So, I didn't think I would have it ready this soon, but here is chapter two already.

Chapter Two

Training

“I can’t believe that. Here I am waking up in a strange bed with a diaper on just because my strict English professor caught me wetting yesterday, and what’s worse, is I am really starting to have to pee. I hope she lets me go soon.”

Nicole had just thought about her evening with the English professor, as she laid in the bed with a pink comforter with teddy bears and flours decorated over the top. It quite reminded her of a baby blanket, and the single bed that she was in also make crinkling sounds from the protective plastic under the sheets.

Nicole sighed and pulled the blanket back. The sun was starting to come through the pink curtains with enough energy that the room began to brighten. She carefully crawled out of bed trying to keep her diaper dry because regardless of having to wear it, she really didn’t feel the desire to wet herself.

“You’re up,” Ms. Marrite asked as she opened the door wider to see Nicole climbing out of bed, her diaper exposed to the room still quite dry and white.

“Yeah,” Nicole looked towards the bedroom door where her teacher was. “Do you think you can take this off of me now, so I can use the toilet?” Nicole asked her with pleading eyes, but her tone was quite matter of fact.

“Are you sure you’ll make it to the toilet?” Marrite asked her.

“Yes, I’m quite sure,” Nicole looked at her with a pleading look. Her face gave a look like she wanted to put that diaper on her teacher.

“Alright, come here so I can undo the tapes,” Marrite called to Nicole.

Nicole didn’t really understand why she had even asked Marrite to undo the diaper for her instead of just doing it herself, except something deep within told her that it was just supposed to be this way, and to fight it would be a very bad idea.

Marrite opened the diaper and let it fall to the floor so that Nicole could go to the bathroom.

“While you are in there,” she called after her. “Take your shower, and then come and get me to help you get ready for your classes.”

“I’m not five,” Nicole looked at her thinking it was silly for her to help her with her panties because it was daytime now, and she has supposed that the diaper was just for the night.

“Of course you aren’t,” Marrite agreed. “But come and get help getting dressed just the same, or you remember what I said yesterday.”

“Alright,” Nicole called just before she closed the bathroom door.

Thirty minutes later, Nicole was back in the living room facing her professor completely naked.

“Good girl,” Marrite cooed at her like she was a little kid. “Now, I’m going to have to diaper you for classes….”

“What?!” Nicole demanded. “Why?”

“Because you wet your pants yesterday, and it was the main reason you had to miss my class. I don’t want you missing classes in your other subjects today because you are not old enough to control your body.”

“I am,” Nicole looked at her in shock.

“No, you are not. You peed yourself yesterday, or was that my imagination? Are you not here because you peed your pants even in the bathroom?”

Nicole looked down. Her teacher had her over a barrel.

“Now, lie down on the floor so that I may get this diaper on you. You are not to touch it, and if you wet it, after your class, you come and get me to help you change it.”

“Yes ma’am. But if I’m not allowed to touch it, how do I use the restroom?”

“You don’t need to. You showed me yesterday that it’s hard for you to get there in time anyway, so just go in the diaper and come and get me when you are wet.”

“Do I really have to do this?”

“Unless you want me to have a word with your math instructor, talk to your parents, and basically make sure you are returned home to grow out of diapers again….”

Nicole sighed. “Alright, I understand.”

Nicole laid on the floor without putting up any fight because she definitely didn’t want her father to find out she had wet her pants as an adult out on her own. It had been bad enough when she was in high school, and had messed up a couple of times. Both times, her dad responded by having her mom put her diapers then too, so she wasn’t too sure he wouldn’t keep her at home in diapers if he heard about this. He was paying her college education expenses as well, so it would be hard for her to reject him unless she found a job herself.

Nicole was soon dressed in a pink diaper that felt so thick, she wondered how she would hide it under even jeans. Still, she got her jeans to fit over it, and the extra material that came up was hidden by tucking her shirt into her jeans. She just hoped that she could keep it hidden all day that she was wearing it.

“Now, get some breakfast, and get your stuff together for today.”

“I have to meet my math teacher right away this morning,” Nicole informed Marrite hoping she’d let her leave for school early. She really didn’t want to be in front of her teacher because though she was clothed, she was quite uncomfortably aware that her teacher knew that she was in a diaper, and she hoped that no one else she met would realize it.

“Alright, but don’t leave the house without eating something,” Marrite nodded. “It isn’t good to try to do a full load of classes without breakfast.”

Nicole sighed and ate the cereal, toast, and orange juice that was set in front of her. She was out the door in less than ten minutes, and Marrite didn’t seem to try too hard to keep her.

“I hope she lets me go back to my room tonight,” Nicole thought to herself, though a nagging in her stomach told her that it was wishful thinking. Her teacher had her where she wanted her, and letting her go back to her room would make it difficult to watch her and make sure she wore diapers at night.

“Ms. Parker,” her math teacher and she reached his office door at the same time. He didn’t look too happy to see her.

“Are you certain you want to study this morning?” he asked her. “I’m not going to listen to excuses even if you tell me you need the toilet this time. As matter of fact, I’ll let you go right now just so it’s not a problem.”

“I just went five minutes ago,” she lied to him. She had no intention of telling him that she was in a diaper.

“Are you sure?”

“Yes sir.”

“Alright, then we do this until class time, agreed?” he looked at her with stern steady brown eyes.

“Yes, I understand, sir. I promise, no moving at all until class time.”

“Alright then, get your math out and let’s see where we left off yesterday.”

Nicole and her math teacher spent an hour and a half getting her homework done, and in the process, she realized what she was doing and could do the problems on her own near the end. To make certain she could, he gave her a few extra practice questions, and he was smiling at her by the end of the session.

“Alright, there is only ten minutes until class, so go take a short break, and I’ll see you in class,” he dismissed her.

Nicole stood up from the seat, her legs nearly asleep from the prolonged position she had been in. She walked down the hall to the end where the vending machines were, and she absently bought some water as she normally did before that class, and started drinking. It was more just her usual behavior than that she was thirsty.

“Hey, Nicole!” a plump chubby cheek Mexican girl called out to her as she took her first swig of cool lemon flavored water.

“Anna!” Nicole returned the enthusiastic greeting.

“Where were you yesterday? I waited for hours for you after lessons.”

“Oh, I’m sorry. I got stuck doing some work to catch up for a couple of classes.”

“Oh, I didn’t know you were behind.”

“Well, I have a really strict teacher that makes things hard in her class, and there were some problems in math that I didn’t understand.”

“You know I’m always available if I can help with anything.”

“I know, but as it was, these were really difficult things, and I didn’t want to bother you with them and take all your free time with them.”

“I honestly don’t get the teachers at this school. You’d think we were back in junior high school or worse even prison the way they treat us.”

“I know. What happened, Anna?”

“Well, I couldn’t answer one question on my history homework, so the history teacher wouldn’t take the score and he gave me until the next class period to answer it or I’ll get a zero on the whole assignment.”

“That sucks.”

“Tell me about it. I’d drop his class, but it seems that almost all the teachers here are just like him. Transferring isn’t even an option for me because my marks are so low as it is, and the tuition is only affordable because this was the only school that qualified me to receive any financial aid.”

“My parents insisted that I go there because my mother graduated from this school,” Nicole explained her side. “They said they’d pay everything for me as long as I go to this particular school. I asked them what was so special about this school, and they said it was just the best system in the country these days, and it teaches the students more than just academics.”

“Oh, I can really see that,” Anna said sarcastically. “I think adults are getting dumber and dumber every year. They think they are always right, and that nothing really changes, but I’m quite sure that if your mother really doted on this school, it must have better in her days than it is now.”

“Maybe,” Nicole put her finger to her chin thoughtfully. “Well, we should get to class because we don’t want to be late and be scolded in front of everyone.”

“Yeah, I guess,” Anna agreed with a nod of her head.

They walked to the class door where a few students were still straggling through it, a couple or a small group at a time walking through to find good seats to hear the lecture.

Nicole saw the math teacher, and she ducked her head and walked to her usual seat with Anna sitting right next to her. Not many desks didn’t have a bottle of water sitting on them, and the teacher smiled at all the young ladies. Yes, it was a college specifically for young ladies.

(I would like to have all my American and free world readers realize that this is NOT the land of the free or any real place at all. So bear with me as I tell some quite different and quite unrealistic experiences within the coming paragraphs—as if I haven’t already hinted at such with the above).

“Young ladies, I would like to start class today by informing you that our commission to get more funding for our school has been approved which will make things better for you.”

The girls looked from the teacher to each other. They had been following the news from time to time because the school had been asking the government for extra money since three years before to upgrade different things like their dormitories and certain other areas of the school that made the girls weary about using certain services that the school offered.

“The school board had emailed all your teachers between last night and this morning, and told us all to introduce this bit of news in all our first classes. Tomorrow, you may hear the news again because some teachers do not work today, and if you have a teacher that was off in your first period, then you will hear this again.”

“What kinds of things will be improved?” one of the ladies in the back asked who had red hair and freckles.

“One of the things that has been approved, is the upgrade of your rooms and the broken down bathrooms on campus.”

The girls looked at each other as though they wanted to cheer. They kept their composure, however, and the teacher went on to explain a list of things that will change as well as what the students will have to do to ease this transition.

“Starting tomorrow, you will all be required to wear a school uniform,” the teacher also informed them making a couple of girls groan. “You can pick up your uniforms after your first class at the school auditorium, and you are dismissed for the rest of the day to get those things together. As for our class today, I will simply collect your homework, and then you are free to go.”

Anna smiled over at Nicole as they both stood up to get in line to hand in their homework. Nicole thought it strange for him to collect her homework since he knows she gets it now, and he watched her do the assignment in his office, but she didn’t want anyone else to know that she had needed the extra help, so she got in line without any complaint.

“Uniforms,” Anna whispered to Nicole as they waited in line with exasperation. “This place is more like a prison every day.”

“Tell me about it,” The red haired and freckled Robyn said from behind them. “By the way, Nicole, our dormitory supervisor came by our room yesterday, and she wanted to know why you were not in your own bed.”

“It’s a long story, Robyn, but at least one of the professors knows why. I’m sure that no one will be in trouble once that professor explains things.”

“Oh,” Robyn said as though she understood something that the rest of the listening students didn’t. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered to Nicole. “Was it really harsh?”

“Not too bad,” Nicole said feeling nervous that Robyn might know more about the situation than she wanted her to. This caused her put a hand nervously on her bottom and feel around the top edges of her jeans to make sure there were no tell-tale signs of the secret padding she wore beneath them.

Robyn, seeing Nicole’s reaction, blushed and turned away while she seemed to nervously discover that there was still nothing showing.

Some of the other students didn’t miss that Nicole suddenly got very quiet, red, and nervous, but they didn’t say anything or even stare at her, but rather just pointedly ignored her for a moment or two. Some, however, obviously had no clue as to why Nicole might be nervous or embarrassed and just carried on as usual.

“Your homework,” the teacher looked up at Nicole who had not realized that it was suddenly her turn. “What are you so embarrassed about?”

“Nothing,” Nicole lied handing him the paper. She walked away quite sure that everyone knew what was going on.

Once they were safely away from the math class and from the bulk of other students, Anna turned to face Nicole as they made their way towards the auditorium. They were not particularly walking fast, nor the most direct route there because they didn’t want to be caught up in the crowds and wanted to see what it was like on the approach before committing to going too soon. They both dreaded lines.

“So, what was all that stuff about and the sudden nervousness when it looked like Robyn understood something that I still don’t.”

“Oh, um… it’s nothing.”

“Nicole, I’m your friend. Whatever it is, you can tell me and know I won’t laugh at your or spread rumors about you.”

“I know,” Nicole responded, but she still felt too embarrassed to tell her that she pissed her pants the day before and that she had to wear diapers today.

“Do you think we can stop by the washrooms on the way to the auditorium?” Anna asked her as a way of changing the topic. “I really need to go.”

“Sure. I think the closest one is this way.”

It was quite obvious what they were talking about with need to fix up some of the facilities as they approached this particular restroom. Upon coming to the small building, the first thing everyone could notice was it had no roof because the thing had caved in about a year ago, and the college simply took the pieces out the washrooms and removed the rest of the roof to make it safe enough to use. Inside, because of the lack of a roof, and the door didn’t close with a seal around the edges, the floor was dingy and almost always muddy. Even the toilets were dingy, but at least they were clean on the seats because someone did wash them several times a day.

“This must be the worst bathroom on campus,” Anna commented. “Maybe I should just wait until we get to the auditorium.”

“Do whatever you want,” Nicole shrugged trying to be neutral about it. She knew if it was her, she’d wait. She had never liked bathrooms like this that exposed her too much. Even the stall doors were broken so they didn’t lock.

“Are you going to wait or use a toilet?” Nicole asked wanting to leave the bathroom. She just felt being inside a bathroom was torture since her teacher had explicitly told her that she was not to touch her diaper even to pee. She also hated this bathroom either way because she knew she could never use this one whether she was in a diaper or not. If she were in a cleaner one, she might be tempted to disobey the teacher, after all, if she could get the diaper on just right again, maybe the teacher wouldn’t realize she had messed with it.

“I guess I’ll wait,” Anna said as she opened a partially working stall door to reveal some pee on the floor from someone that either didn’t make it, or someone that had not wanted to sit on the seat and so sprayed everywhere.

“The auditorium isn’t much further,” Nicole encouraged Anna. “You can go there.”

The two girls washed their hands from the habit of exiting the bathroom, or perhaps because of the condition of the place making them feel dirtier than it should have, or whatever. They walked a bit faster now, because Anna did want to get there to pee.

“So, what’s up with you and what’s his name?” Anna asked Nicole.

Nicole had met a very nice boy with short red hair and green eyes that previous Saturday, and they had talked for quite some time that evening before he finally dropped her off at the campus gate at ten o’clock. She was cutting curfew quite close, but it was worth it.

“Oh, Rick? I’m not sure yet,” Nicole shrugged. “I think he wants to see me again though.”

“Why don’t you ask him to come to our culture day this November?” Anna asked Nicole. “He might enjoy that, and it would give him a chance to see your talents.”

“I don’t really have any talents I want to show off,” Nicole said just as they reached the steps to the auditorium.

The two girls looked up the five flights of steps, each one coming to a plateau in a straight line up to the main entrance. There were students lined down two plateaus, and Anna thought it was going to be hell to get in there just to use the bathroom, but right now, she really had to try.

“Do you think they’ll let me in there?”

“I don’t know, but you better try, if you have to go that badly, right?”

Anna nodded and started up the long stair to the line of students.

“Excuse me,” she said as she came to the back of the line.

“Where are you going?” the people in front of her asked.

“I just need to get through to use the bathroom.”

“I’m sorry, but there is no cutting at all. Melissa there asked those in front of her for the same reason, but no one is taking any chances or letting anyone cut, so you’ll just have to wait until it’s your turn to get your uniform.”

As Anna turned to walk away, she saw so many more students coming to get their uniform that she decided that since they were already in line, maybe they should just wait and get their things.

“Yeah, it would be a shame to fight that crowd to get away only to return to find the place still crowded later,” Nicole agreed with her. Secretly, Nicole was almost as bursting as Anna, though she didn’t really know yet how badly Anna wanted to go. She was wearing the diaper, but her body refused to use it just because it was on her. She wasn’t a baby after all.

The line slowly moved two or three students in a few minutes, and Anna was starting to hop from foot to foot.

“You really gotta go?” Nicole looked at her in sympathy as her own body sent strong signals that she tried to ignore because she was scared of someone finding out she was in a diaper.

“Yeah. I wonder how long this line is going to take.”

In front of them, they had not lied about Melissa, and she was also hopping foot to foot.

From somewhere behind them, Nicole thought she heard Angela’s rude voice call out. “Hey, look at that fat Mexican! I think she’s going to pee herself.”

This caused Anna to blush and to try to keep herself a bit more still, but she wasn’t sure that doing so would help her hold it.

“That’s Angie,” Nicole whispered to her. “Don’t worry about what she says. She’s always rude to everyone around her.”

“I’m sure, but why did she have to point me out and say it like that! I’m afraid that she might be right, and I might really wet my pants, but I’m scared to leave the line now.”

“Why? We can always come back later to get our stuff…,” and then Nicole looked behind them again and realized that they would have to fight the crowds going down as it was no longer a neat line. Even ahead of them, the only reason the line seemed to shorten, was that people were now massing out instead of staying in a straight line, though they all seemed to basically be in some kind of order.

“Oh, damn,” Nicole said aloud covering her mouth by habit as she would have been slapped at home for saying that word. “I guess we’re stuck here.”

“Yeah. Let’s just hope they hurry.”

Nicole’s body, kept quite still, and with but a little nervous movement of her left leg, there was no outward sign. On the inside, her pee hole was burning, her bladder was aching, and her muscles were tiring. She even kept coaxing her body to just do it because she knew she was supposed to anyway and with the diaper on, she hoped no one would notice. Still, her body refused to empty itself like that.

Suddenly, Melissa bent half way over holding her stomach, and several girls squealed as they backed away from her. At first, Nicole could see nothing, but that changed as Melissa’s pants darkened, and then a drizzling sound of water hitting concrete filled her ears as the little stream started to run out her pant legs and down the steps.

Melissa started to sob in her hands as she peed her pants in front of the world. She squatted down and keeping her legs together so as if to hide her wetness or maybe to keep her privates warm so she wouldn’t get cold as fast. Her friends around her gathered towards her once the shock of her peeing had subsided, and they put comforting arms around her.

“Come on,” they helped her to her feet. “It won’t solve anything to just stay here. It’s all over, so let’s just get our uniforms and get out of here, okay?”

Melissa wouldn’t move her hands from her face, and she didn’t stand up. She still sat there, now her bottom directly on the puddle of the step with her feel closed around it. She let out little shivers of sobs.

“Come on,” one of her friends prodded her up. “You can’t stay here like this.”

Accidentally touching where her friend was wet, the helpful girl pulled Melissa up to her feet and with the encouragement of the rest of her friends and the many kind words, Melissa finally stood up and walked up the steps in wet jeans.

Anna could feel her own bladder doing backflips and other things to try to keep control, but she wasn’t so sure she was going to make it either. Nicole didn’t care to make it. She was actually trying to get her bladder to relax because she didn’t want anyone to notice that she even had to go. If they realized she was holding it, and then suddenly didn’t have to go anymore then they would surely know she was wearing a diaper.

Anna’s body quivered for a moment as they reached the doors to the auditorium. There was a teacher there, who immediately saw what had happened to Melissa.

“What do you have to say for yourself?” she asked the girl.

“I… I…” and Melissa squatted again and started to sob.

“Get up,” the teacher pulled her up by the arm. “Come with me to get your uniform.”

Anna looked through the doors and saw the bathroom off to the left. She darted into the hall and ran to the toilets. Nicole watched after her wishing that Melissa had made it, too. The burning in her pee hole and the ache in her bladder was getting quite annoying and Nicole debated for a moment as to whether to disobey Marrite and just go to the bathroom, or to try to get it in the diaper.

The lady returned after she had left Melissa somewhere, and as she took the next girl, she noted that someone was missing.

“Did one of the girls leave?” she asked the other students.

“She just went into the bathroom,” another girl answered for Nicole because she was having a hard time controlling her body and deciding whether to go pee in the toilet.

“If she’s not back by her turn, she’ll have to return to the end of the line.”

“She’s after me,” Nicole whispered out through gritted teeth that told everyone that something was wrong.

“Alright. I’ll remember that.”

The lady left with the next girl and went to drop her off. Finally, Nicole felt a few dribbles squeeze past her tiring muscles and pitter-patter into the padding of the diaper. The dribbles soon became a small sizzling stream, and finally into a roaring waterfall that quickly caused the diaper to expand making it feel tight against her jeans. It wasn’t comfortable to wear it like that, she hoped no one noticed, but it was a lot more comfortable to wear a lake inside her diaper than it was to have her privates burning and aching.

Anna came out of the bathroom just as Nicole was called to go with the woman.

“You are just in time,” the woman scolded Anna. “Another moment or two, and you would have had to go to the end of the line. Come with us.”

Anna was dropped off at one door and Nicole was dropped off at another.

Nicole opened the door, and the four women inside asked her to take off her clothes.

“Please, I can’t do that,” Nicole protested. “I… why do I have to?”

“You are going to be measured and then you are going to be given proper school wear to wear out of here.”

“Can’t I just tell you my sizes and take my clothes to my room to change?”

“No. Everyone changes into their first set of clothes here. We are also checking your body for abnormities,” the women told her.

“What abnormities?”

“For one, we are checking for strange bruises, for cuts on your skin, or anything else that indicates that you are not as healthy as you look.”

Nicole sighed. “Um… before I remove my pants, you have to understand something.”

“What is that?”

“My teacher is making me wear… um… she said I have to because I had an accident yesterday, and because I had to miss her class yesterday.”

“What is she making you wear?”

“Diapers,” Nicole hung her head.

“Oh, that’s not a big deal,” one of the women said. “Remove your jeans. You would think though that a college girl could get to the bathroom in time unless you are sick or something?”

“I… I don’t think it’s that. I just had to hold it for too long yesterday.”

“Remove your jeans,” the lady said with a smile.

Nicole sighed and did as she was told. She stripped down to just her diaper which was sagging with all the pee in it, and the four ladies gawked at her for a moment.

“You just peed your pants again, didn’t you?” one of them finally asked her after a few shocked moments of silence.

“Yeah. I’m not allowed to touch the thing. It’s the teacher’s rule. I have to get her to change me.”

“That sounds like a reasonable rule for someone that cannot hold it,” one of the ladies smiled at her. “But I have to take it off of you so I can check your skin. Go ahead and lie down on the cot so I can get it off of you.”

Nicole sighed and did as she was told. The lady then thoroughly checked every inch of her skin, checked her heartbeat, her blood pressure, and other things that including probing her where it is best not to get too deep into here. Finally, with her physical over, they brought out a clean diaper for her which surprised Nicole.

“Even though you are in a diaper,” the women began. “You still need to be in dress code, so put these on.”

Nicole took the light blue with black lacing round the legs and waistband panties, and put them on as she was told. Then she put on a light blue button down blouse and skirt. She was even given two pair of shoes, one for outside wear, and one for inside wear. They gave her a bag with a lot of different clothes in it that she would have to sort through at her room.

“You may go now, and if you must wear diapers, be sure to get some that will fit inside the panties we gave you. If you are out of uniform at all, there will be severe penalties.”

Nicole gulped and nodded and then finally left her face beat red. She saw Anna waiting for her.

“They took a while with you. Nearly five others were finished by the time you came out.”

“I’m sorry,” Nicole whispered to Anna.

“It’s okay. So, since we have the rest of the day, what do you want to do?”

“I think I have to go see that teacher to explain something to her and ask her if I’m allowed to use my room tonight.”

“Oh, okay. Let’s go there, then.”

“Anna, before we do, I have to explain something embarrassing to you. Let’s find a private place to talk, okay?”

“Sure.”

The girls started to walk to Anna’s room to drop her things off. They figured even if her roommate was there, they could find a private corner somewhere around the dormitory that no one was using.

