Prison Island Wetting

Author: Axis

*000*2012-04-24 21:09

This is an omorashi twist on Security Hall and the events that followed in Sonic Adventure 2. Thanks to vexer6 for the idea. Enjoy!

11:13

Prison Island: Coastline

Eggman, Shadow and Rouge stood in the jungle overlooking the Azkaban of GUN, Prison Island. Rouge had led them here because she was working undercover as a temporary agent of GUN, and knew that the Main Security Hall had three Chaos Emeralds hidden inside. Eggman was the first to speak, "Having to come back here isn't my idea of a vacation. How can you be sure your intelligence reports are correct? Why would the Chaos Emeralds be here on the island? Are you absolutely sure?"

Rouge replied, "Well, believe what you wanna believe." Her bladder was showing the first signs of filling up, but she had more important things to worry about. Eggman grunted, "Very well. Very well. Let's discuss how we are going to do this. I will go in first and distract the military troops, allowing you to sneak in the base without being detected. Then, Shadow will..." he pulled out what looked like a giant digital clock,"enter the armory, where he will set the timer on these dynamite packs. Once that is in place, we will blow up the wholw island before anyone has a chance to know what hit them.

Meanwhile, you'll have to sneak into the Cargo Area and grab the Chaos Emerald. That's quite a challenge for such a worthy treasure hunter as yourself isn't it, Bat Girl?" Eggman said that last part rudely, but with the mission and her bladder to be focused on she didn't care, so she just saluted him with a wink. Eggman continued, annoyed,"We only have 30 minutes to pull this mission off. And we only have one try, so don't fail me!" With that, he walked off in his Egg Walker, leaving them to their missions.

Sorry there wasn't much omorashi in that but I hope you liked it. Next installment coming soon!

*001*2012-04-25 21:35

Next installmemt yay!

11:25

Prison Island Base

The three met up after Eggman destroyed part of the base with his Vulcan Cannon, leaving the GUN troops quite busy. "OK, everyone ready? Shadow, Rouge, on with the show!" Eggman said. Not a moment later they heard a high-pitched voice yell,"Oh, Sonic! I thought I'd never see you again! I'm so glad you made it!" Amy grabbed Shadow's arm but pulled back. "Wait a minute, you're not Sonic! Who are you?" Eggman interrupted,"I'm the one who should be asking that!" Amy was scared to see Eggman pointing a cannon at her, so she could do little more than say,"Dr. Eggman? Waaah!" and with that she ran off, fearing for her life. Rouge saw Amy's panties go dark under her short dress and a trail of pee follow her as she ran.

She felt bad for Amy, considering she wasn't far from doing the same. Eggman interrupted Rouge's thoughts, "Amy, your timing is impeccable! Leave her to me! You two, go!" With that, Shadow and Rouge nodded and went on their seperate missions. A thought entered Rouge's head: she had been with Shadow and Eggman the whole time since she had last gone. Shouldn't they be just as desperate? Lucky all their legs were, one way or another, covered in black! She dismissed the thought and tried to focused on pulling off her biggest heist since Paris.

She had ironically wet her jumpsuit during that mission. It was just so cold that night...her bladder had simply given up on her. She thought maybe she should get that checked out after this was all over. Her accident in France was worth it, though. She loved having the Mona Lisa on her mantlepiece. Plus it was so cold that it was good just feel that warmth. She checked her high tech spy watch's thermoscanner and, sure enough, the inside of the vault was freezing.

*003*2012-04-27 16:01

Thank you! I swear I'm going as fast as I can but it's hard because I want to line it up perfectly with what happens in the game so I have to replay the same level like 10 times before I can be sure it all matches. Next installment up on Sunday night I promise. I know I don't write as much as everyone else but I do my best for you guys! Thanks for your kind support.

*006*2012-04-29 18:33

11:35

Prison Island: Security Hall

Rouge made her way to the vault in which the Emeralds were. She pressed a button on her Watchie-Talkie (she hated GUN's childish name for it), and contacted Eggman. "I'm in position, Doctor. Tell me when." Eggman replied,"There's been an unexpected delay on my end (he was referring to Tails's rescue of Amy on his way to help Sonic escape from the prison. Sonic had been framed for Shadow's crimes and placed there). There's no more time to waste. Set the timer for fifteen minutes. Rouge, let's go!" Rouge was not going to be able to hold it that long, so she did something risky. "Five minutes should be plenty. Here I go!" She prayed her treasure hunting skills, combined with the Chaos Emerald radar Eggman had given her, would be enough to find the Emeralds within her shortened time limit, all while wrestling with her full bladder. Fortunately, it was.

*007*2012-05-11 03:25

Sorry this took so long. I couldnt post for a while.

11:38

Prison Island: Penitentiary

Rouge had taken the three Chaos Emeralds and was escaping through the prison part of Prison Island. Her bladder was bursting at this point, and she could think about little more than finding a bathroom.

Her mind being so preoccupied, she carelessly ran in front of a surveillance camera. She was spotted, but they didn't see that she had stolen the Emeralds. Even still, protocol dictated that they had to send in an Intercept Droid, the R1-A Flying Dog.

Rouge was running through the main hallway when it showed up. Half talking about the mission, half talking about her bladder, she said,"I can't believe I've come this far, just to fail." She fought as best she could, but eventually found herself lying in a cell. Stuck on an island just minutes before it exploded. She never thought it would end like this.

Suddenly, and without warning, it happened. She felt that familiar warm wetness around her crotch that could only mean one thing: she was wetting herself. She let out a sigh of relief as the pee poured out of her, soaking her jumpsuit and pooling below her. She sat in her warm puddle in ecstasy as the last few squirts of pee came out.

She felt her mind clear. Then, she remembered her Watchie-Talkie. The one lying in a yellow puddle that was not waterproof. She was distraught that her accident was going to kill her, and with that awful pain in her backside caused by her backup Walkie-Talkie. Her backup Walkie Talkie...she suddenly realized she could call Shadow to come save her. Careful not to drop it in her pee, tuned it to his frequency and prayed.

I bet you guys are thinking,"Finally!" Well, for those who are thinking,"Aww, over already?", never fear. A new installment starring Sonic and Shadow coming soon! And I'll write a Sonic 4 Episode 2 fanfic in another topic later. Bye!

