Lack of Confidence

Author: omorashi lover

*000*2011-06-23 04:08

In the small village of Konoha, many things are expected of the children, their children are strong, able minded and bodied and are focused. All people from this town are in the dominion of the Country of Fire….a land gripped in the heat of war. But in Konoha the war is very far away. Still their children are taught to become strong able-bodied ninja.

However focusing on every person in Konoha is not something for which this story is concerned. This story is concerned with the life of one such girl trained as a Shinobi in Konoha. Her name is Hinata…she is 16 years old and a very capable, if not fiercely shy, girl. Her family, the Hyuuga clan, is one of the oldest and proudest of ALL the families in Konoha, so old that it is thought when the Fire Country was first formed that only the Hyuuga clan existed in Konoha. Of course a lot of stress and regard are put on the children of Konoha, and the children of the Hyuuga family are definitely NO exception at all, in fact a lot of the children in the Hyuuga family are held to even higher standards then their peers. A lot of work is put into each Hyuuga child to make them excellent, intelligent, and strong. Weakness is frowned upon.

Worst of all for poor Hinata, she is the heiress to the clan, the successor to the entire Hyuuga name. Many other Hyuugas do not like very much, the idea of Hinata becoming leader of their section of Konoha one day. They see her shyness and overall insecurities as major faults in her person itself. Very little to say, she is often shunned from even her own family. Hinata however strives to make herself able and show her family and peers she can be strong. Hinata has another problem in store for her, looming on the horizon, and that is where our story begins…

Dawn rose over the cliffs that surround the east of Konoha; the sharp rock faces cast eerie shadows over all the buildings. No one is usually active much at this time. Even for a village that strives for excellence. Saturday morning slowly creeps up on Konoha and within an hour the sun has come over the cliffs and some people are finally rising from their beds. The streets don’t fill yet; only during major events would they fill, like the Summer Festival that would be taking place in a couple days.

An alarm clock goes off in a large bedroom of the Hyuuga Manor. A small round blue head of hair popped out of sheets and looked groggily at the clock. “I don’t wanna wake up,” A petite voice said, annoyed at the clock, as if it were a person.

Her extended hand turned off the clock and the girl almost resumed sleeping peacefully. However, it did not take long for a strange sensation to alert the slightly awake teenager. It was a damp cold feel, the girl sat up in her bed and looked around…it said 7 a.m. on her clock, and she realized what she had felt. Looking at her crotch area on the bed sheets was a large wet spot. The girl looked at it morosely and then got out of bed, and did not care to even change her wet clothing before she cleaned up her sheets.

Tears welled in the eyes of the blue haired girl as she put away her sodden bedding. “I…I can’t believe I wet the bed,” The girl began to cry a bit on her soft carpeted floor. She noticed a few minutes later that she was still in her wet clothing. The girl looked over at her dresser and stood up. A small, little trophy was there…the only thing she had ever won, and even though she was a little damp, that trophy always made her happy.

“1st Place Drawing Contest,” it said, “Awarded to Hinata Hyuuga”. Hinata pulled off her damp pajama bottom and panties and collected a new pair. She headed into the shower. She was hopeful to forget about the events that had just transpired.

As she left the steamy shower room and pulled up her canary yellow panties, she could smell the faint smell of urine, still. She set off the clean her mattress, and in a few minutes, it was smelling nice and fixed with new linens from her closet. Hinata could only smile at her good work. No one would know she wet her bed. She could tell her mother she spilt something on her sheets, and her mother would believe her. All and all, it might not be the worst day ever.

For the rest of the morning Hinata had almost totally forgotten about the incident. She liked to spend time out at a local teashop and restaurant, where she was rarely bothered, or noticed for that matter.

Hinata ordered tea as she usually did, and requested some small teacakes. Secretly from her table in the corner of the restaurant she spied Naruto walking into the restaurant and making quite a scene as he usually did. “Hey pops! Get me some ramen! I’m starving!”

Hinata blushed watching him. She had quite a crush on Naruto, she did not know why, maybe because he was everything she wanted to be, but was not. Hinata felt a small pinch in her lower stomach, she needed to pee, but the fear of being seen by Naruto made ever more apt to stay hidden, and out of sight. Naruto was joined today by his friends, their names: Sasuke; a shifty royal blue haired kid with an abnormal anti-sociality, and Sakura; a spunky, pink haired, overly enthusiastic girl who crushed on Sasuke in a quite open, and in some ways-annoying manner.

As they sat down Hinata shakily sipped on her tea a bit more slowly. That ‘rock in the bottom of your stomach’ feeling was slowly intensifying, watching Naruto. He began to look around, as he always did, because he had the patience of a squirrel, and his inquisitive watch met Hinata’s obsessive stare. He saw recognized her just as she quickly averted her eyes. “Watcha doin’ back there, Hinata, all lonely over in that dark corner? Come over here and sit with us!” Naruto lacked the tact to realize he was nearly screaming from the other side of the teashop.

“Don’t invite her over here; she’s odd,” Sasuke said quite rudely, but hush.

“You don’t get to say much about oddity Sasuke; well, I don’t care if Hinata sits here. She is obviously not going to bother anyone, Hinata is quiet and sweet, unlike Naruto,” Sakura said overtly precociously watching Naruto get rise from his seat.

“Fine then she sits here!” Naruto literally picked up Hinata, depositing her in the seat adjacent to him. He brought over her tea and set it up in front of her as it had been at her table. “Why are you all alone in that corner Hinata?” Naruto asked when he had finally seated himself again.

“No…no…no reason,” Hinata already knew she was blushing as she answered. She could not talk to Naruto; the one she adored to an obsession. She was pleading inside for her outer self to tell Naruto how she felt, but her shyness would not let her, and she ended up playing with her fingers as she usually did. Once more, she noticed that nagging persistence in her bladder, maybe she should have gone after all.

“Well you can sit here now. Naruto stated rather obviously, going back to slurping his noodles. “So, what are you doing at the Summer Festival next week?” Naruto asked questioningly, his mouth full of food. Did he want to take her? Hinata’s head danced with thoughts of going to the festival with Naruto. Quickly reacting and almost without thinking she threw out her answer.

“Nothing, nothing at all. I’m free that day. I was going to stay home and do nothing,” Hinata huffed and puffed a bit, she was getting cramped even in the open space. She was quickly losing the confidence to talk, see, and even breathe almost. Her eyes began to water, her vision blurred as panic filled her totally, as severely as she could feel the liquid in her bladder. Stress and fear had allowed her to notice the gaining pressure in her abdomen, and with a huge shaking lurch, she got up and bolted out of the restaurant. “I have to go Naruto; I will talk to you later!” She shouted as she fled running as if she had been scalded.

She found herself all the way home and into the empty garden before she stopped running and took a deep soothing breath. Her entire body was tense still, and flustered, she felt as if her entire body was blush with embarrassment. Warmth was flooding her entire being the minute she had relaxed. She felt ever more so relaxed as she let go of her worry. Around Hinata, droplets of wetness had fallen to the ground; as her gaze met her pants, she became distraught. She had wet herself! She didn’t even realize it until it was happening, she had forgotten about the pain in her bladder it had seemingly disappeared and she had not even noticed her own body letting go.

Hinata had almost broken down right there in the garden, but she was able to make it to her room, and changed before she erupted into tears. “Why did that happen?!” Hinata beat her fists against her pillow softly and cried miserably. “I am going to go to sleep and pretend this is all a dream. I’m just stressed, so very stressed. I got nervous, that was why I wet myself,” The poor child put her head against her pillow and closed her eyes trying to close off the well of tears.

Hinata was right, it had been her nervousness, however she did not also realize that her body was still growing and not all things were keeping in pace. Hinata feel asleep despondently. She was dry though…she hoped that at least she would wake that way. She could not stand her little imperfections, and wanted for the world to wake up, without them.

Hinata did not stir until the sun had nearly set that evening. At about eight Hinata did get up and looked about her room. In her near asleep state, she started remembering the events of that midmorning. She remembered waking up to a wet bed, and then narrowly escaping wetting herself in front of Naruto by running away. Hinata’s hands moved slowly and warily to her crotch area and felt nothing but dry Lycra. She sighed deeply and smiled to herself. “Dry,” she thought. Only long enough to realize she did have to pee. She hurried to the bathroom door and went inside; she closed it behind her emerging a few moments later relieved.

Hinata thought she would go see the sun set that night; it had been a long time since she had done that. It would help calm her and definitely serve her nerves a great deal. As she walked out her door and slid it shut, she felt a warm and sweet smelling summer breeze pass through her hair. The smell of the trees and flowers of the garden was amazingly pacifying. It was gentle and it caressed her face as her mother often did when she was little, and still sometimes did, when Hinata was upset.

Hinata found herself within the park in a short time and looking towards the west and the failing sunlight as it hide beneath the horizon she felt compelled to lie in the grass. With a small heave, she fell to the ground and giggled as the cool ground contrasted to the warmth of her body. “Mmm, so comfy,” Hinata cooed. She smiled deeply as she usually didn’t; she opened her pale lavender eyes and watched a few birds pass overhead.

She felt her body tense and then relax; she was afraid she might of peed herself but felt no warmth after the tension had past. She was thankful. “I am becoming so much more jumpy then I usually am. Maybe it is the fact that I have wet my bed three weeks, every single night. Its becoming a problem, but its not that bad I guess. Nevertheless today after seeing Naruto is very unsettling. I have not had an accident since I was four. When Neji jumped out of that corner and scared me,”

Hinata giggled remembering her cousin bounding from around the corner at her house and she totally wetting herself from sheer fright. She remembered that her mother had laughed quite visibly too, when she washed her that night.

However, Hinata knew her mom would not be so jovial about her recent streak of bedwetting. “I’m a good girl,” She said reassuring herself.” I am just going through a phase. Like a lot of girls must do. Soon I’ll just stop wetting the bed at night and no one will know it ever happened,”

Hinata nodded, she would not let her mother know she was wetting the bed, no matter what. Even if it meant making sure her sheets were cleaned every morning for the next five years. Hinata was getting sleepy again; she did not even notice that she had begun to nod off until she had fallen asleep. She began to snore loudly and happily as the night had fallen in earnest. Shadows covered the forest and shrouded the park in a veil of black punctuated only by the moonlight above. A blond shadow shifted out of the bush and almost tripped over Hinata.

“Sakura-chan really hit me HARD,” Naruto nursed a lump on his head tenderly. All I did was use my kage bunshin to boost myself to her room. I did not know she was changing! She should shower at a reasonable time, like two in the morning as I do! Huh what’s this snoring thing on the floor?” Naruto knelt down and examined Hinata quite ignorantly before knowing it was her. “What is Hinata doing here at night, its dangerous. A kunoichi like her should know its not safe to sleep in the grass at night!”

Naruto shook Hinata quite hastily and without subtlety. He had such a gentle way of handling things it seemed. Hinata’s eyes shot open and saw Naruto looking right at her, his face inches from hers, his warm breath breathing down on her lips. Eyes shaking inside her skull, the world around her liquidating and pouring through her Hinata yelped, threw her head up, and smashed it right into Naruto’s. He had been wearing his forehead protector, but she had hers were it always had been, around her neck, exposing her forehead. She fell backwards unconscious and Naruto flew backwards in fright.

“HINATA-CHAN??!!!” Naruto’s eyes went wide and his pupils shrunk to the size of pinheads. His initial fright faded and he knew Hinata should be brought home seeing, as she was not going to wake up now. “I should get her home, she seems fine, but she has a cut on her forehead. We should wrap that,” Naruto intricately removed Hinata’s headband from her throat and tied it softly yet taut around her forehead covering the slightly bleeding laceration. “Poor Hinata, she will probably be all mad at me for startling her,”

Picking the soft girl from the grass and taking her towards the path to the park Naruto started off for the Hyuuga quarter of Konoha. He passed through the streets feeling the soft load on his back and her warmth pressing into him. Her soft breasts were right against his back and as he continued to tote her; the feeling of them bouncing softly made Naruto a little happy. When he had made it to the Hyuuga quarter, he looked in awe at the mansions that lined the street. “Hinata lives HERE?!” He thought finding the sign that bore the insignia of the Head family above the most stately mansion in Konoha.

Naruto walked silently into the residence hoping to avoid anyone seeing him carrying Hinata into her own house, or maybe the reversal of that action. He did not want anything bad to happen to himself, while helping Hinata. A problem arose when Naruto did not know where Hinata’s room was I the giant mansion. He looked through the soft paper of the doors trying to perceive shadows behind them and after two times of walking into a sitting room or unoccupied storage area he found a more modern looking room with pink slippers sitting in front of a bed adorned with konoha symbols against a green cloth.

He was sure of this room’s ownership when he spied the trophy that he had seen Hinata win, remembering losing that contest to Hinata, well losing to everyone actually, but who’s counting?

Naruto tiptoed to Hinata’s bed and laid her down covering her with the blanket, tucking her in softly. He knew it would not be wise to leave a wounded girl unattended so Naruto sat in the corner of Hinata’s room against the wall looking as she softly heaved and sighed in her unconscious state. He wanted to make sure she would make it through the night okay, so he was resolute in staying awake the entire night. It only being around nine Naruto realized he had quite a bit of staying up to do.

Hours past, Naruto nodded to sleep a small bit but snapped his head back so violently it hit the wall. He grimaced angrily and rubbed the back of his head tenderly. Looking around he hoped the sound had not been loud enough to rouse any occupants in the manor.

Hinata was slowly and softly inhaling, and exhaling peaceably. It was almost tiring listening to her sleep so soundly. Naruto stood up and walked over to Hinata. She shivered a bit in her sleep and snuggled up in her blanket. Naruto removed her headband and looked at the wound on her forehead. It was a small cut, and there was no bleeding.

“I guess she’s okay. I might as well go to sleep. I’ll check up on her before I leave in the morning.” Naruto told himself before returning to the corner and sitting down. Within moments, he was asleep and snoring obnoxiously.

About another 7 hours crept on by and the sun began to once more peek slightly over the clouds in the east. It was summing up to be a bit of a dreary day. Small dark rain clouds dotted the sky.

Inside the Hyuuga manor, Hinata began to stir. With a fright, she woke and looked straight ahead surprised. She remembered only seeing Naruto in the woods and then nothing. As the fright left her, despondence took hold, warmth pooled around her bottom and crotch. She was peeing! Hinata looked sadly at the wetness as her body stopped evacuating. “Darn it.” She said softly, keeping from crying. It was at the moment she looked away from the wet spot she heard it.

The monster like snoring of the blond haired boy in her corner alerted her. Eyes widening, she turned blood red. “Naruto…is…here? Oh no, he must have brought me home, wet if I wet myself then?! No, I’m still in the same clothes as last night. Oh dear. I hope he will not see me like this. I know! I’ll take a shower and get changed really quickly, and then I’ll come out and wake him. He’ll never know.” Hinata reassured herself as she folded down the covers and put her feet to the floor.

Naruto shuffled a little as Hinata scurried off to the shower with her clothes in hand. In the warm water spray, Hinata washed her delicate body. Her mind stood on being quick. She was trying to make sure she would be out before Naruto woke up. Hinata begun to wash her hair. She was thinking. “I have to stop this, all of this wetting, the bed, when I’m awake. All of it. How?” She continued to think as she shut the water and got dressed.

Opening the door towel still over her wet head Hinata walked to the center of her room and removed the towel. “Hey Hinata! You’re done!” Naruto was standing there, his sleeves rolled up. A washcloth was in his hand, and Hinata’s bed was made.

“What…Naruto?!” Hinata felt dazed, not only was her adoration standing there, he had cleaned her soiled linens. She felt her lungs tighten and her muscles tense like as if they were subjected to electricity.

“Your sheets were a little damp Hinata. I guess you weren’t able to wake up since you wanged your head last night.” Its okay, it was my fault. So I cleaned it up!” Naruto smiled as if he had done nothing. Somehow, Hinata was comforted, she had a viable excuse, and Naruto did not know that she had just accidentally wet herself in bed.

“Thank you so much Naruto!” Hinata beamed.

“It was no problem. Sakura used to wet her sleeping bag during missions. I know how to clean stuff like that, its easy,” Naruto so easily blabbed.

“Sakura wet her sleeping bag?” Hinata smiled a little bit on the inside, she giggled somewhat inaudibly.

“Yeah, well, I should get going. Just make sure you take care of your forehead Hinata,” Naruto walked past her and rubbed the small cut softly. Hinata burnt crimson and almost fainted.

When Naruto was gone, Hinata sat on the dry edge of her bed and contemplated her predicament. “I must solve this, this problem of mine. Even if I can’t talk that well to Naruto, the least I can do is find a way to not wet myself at the mere sight of him.”

“Sakura used to wet her sleeping bag….” Naruto repeated in Hinata’s mind. Her eyes alerted and she smiled a bit. Sakura might know what to do! Hinata decided she would find Sakura and ask her the very day.

Pulling on her blue shoes and getting her small backpack in case she would need to take anything Sakura could give her; she combed her hair and winked at herself in the mirror. “We can do this, Hinata! Let’s go solve this problem!”

Hinata wandered around the inner village. She was taking her time and walking about, hoping she would bump into Sakura rather then awkwardly going to her home, or where she liked to study. She past Ichiraku Ramen and the drugstore, with no sign of Sakura, she continued on.

She turned around every so often in her pseudo-sneaky sort of way and looked around. She could not find hide nor hair or the pink haired girl. At the point she was ready to head for the library, an often haunt of Sakura’s, she heard a loud, very obnoxious laugh.

“Ino! You pig-face! That outfit is ridiculous!” Sakura exclaimed, putting down, what seemed to be, a very beautiful kimono that Ino was modeling.

“It is not, wide head!” Ino retorted swirling around in the purple floral kimono.

“I’ll wait for her to finish her conversation,” Hinata thought until Ino spotted her.

“Hey Hinata! What do you think of my kimono?” Ino dragged Sakura towards Hinata. She arrived and plopped her best friend down beside her; the two looked intently at Hinata for her answer. She thought about what she really felt.

“Its pretty, Ino. I like it,” Hinata mumbled shyly. Ino seemed satisfied. She let go of the vice like grip on Sakura’s shoulder and turned around.

“Well Hinata, Wide-head, I need to go get changed and work the register at the shop. You two take care!” Ino sashayed back into the store and disappeared.

“Don’t let it get to you Hinata,” Sakura said rubbing her shoulder. Hinata was very tense from the surprise interrogation. “Now why were you hiding over here? I saw you come over and stop when I was talking to pig-face.” Sakura smiled invitingly.

“Ummm, ummm, can I talk to you in private Sakura? Its kinda personal.” Hinata’s voice was very low and shy. She wasn’t exactly best friends with Sakura or anything.

“Let’s go back to my house and have tea,” Sakura suggested. Hinata nodded and Sakura began to walk in the direction of her home. The entirety of their walk time Hinata wondered how to ask her question in a formal, polite manner. When she had thought of a suitable method, they were already arriving at the Haruno residence.

“Mom, I’m home!” Sakura exclaimed walking through the door. There was no response. “Mom must be out, well anyway, come up to my room, I’ll get the tea started. It’s the only room upstairs, I doubt you will get lost,” Sakura pointed up a flight of steps and Hinata slowly stepped up them as she heard Sakura go about preparing tea.

Sakura’s room was small in comparison to Hinata’s own room, but something about all the things in it made Hinata envious. There were all sorts of little medals and awards for academic excellence. Hinata looked at a picture of Sakura’s ninja cell sitting on her windowsill. Naruto had his usual grin, Sasuke his trademark grimace, and between them stood Sakura beaming brightly. Kakashi-sensei stood above the three smiling, or frowning, Hinata could not really tell.

“I know its small compared to what you must have at your manor, but its got coziness,” Sakura said walking in the door with a platter of tea and cups. She set them on the small table in the center of her room and knelt down. “Have some tea, Hinata,”

Hinata sat down and accepted the cup of tea. Her slight anxiety of asking was lifting slightly. She felt she had a bit of commonality with Sakura. “So, um, Sakura? Can I ask you my question now?”

Sakura nodded. “Go ahead, I’m listening,”

“Well you see last night I went out for a walk….” Hinata went over the entire story piece by piece until she reached the end. “…then Naruto said that during missions you used to wet your sleeping bag, and I thought if he said “used to” I thought maybe you had figured out….some kind of solution to this sort of problem.” Hinata huffed and puffed a bit. That took more to say then she thought. Sakura looked over Hinata, figuring her answer.

“Well, yes, I guess you can say I did figure out a solution,” Though Sakura’s smile had not faded she wasn’t looking Hinata in the face, she was looking down at her knees. “I discovered something, from working in the hospital with Hokage Tsunade-sama.” Sakura seemed hesitating. She seemed to punch herself from the inside and looked back up at Hinata. “One second, I’ll find it for you,”

Sakura got to her feet, went into her small closet, kneeling down, took a few pieces of older looking clothes, and set them aside. She rustled through a few more things before returning with an object she was holding behind her back. “Please don’t find this insulting, I mean, I used them for a while, they work very well,” Sakura moved the object into view.

“Its that simple?” Hinata asked looking over the plastic-like white object in Sakura’s hand. Sakura did as Hinata usually did and turned beet red.

“You mean you’re not embarrassed or think its funny?” Sakura asked. “I thought a 15 year old girl wearing…these, was a bit sad,” Sakura put the object on the table. “You can have this one, I stopped wetting the bed a couple weeks ago, and so for now I don’t need more. Are you sure you don’t think its funny?”

“Of course not, you’re an able and strong ninja no matter what,” Hinata reassured Sakura, who had knelt back down and started to sip her tea.

“Tell no one, I wore diapers, Hinata” Sakura said rigidly. She looked up almost evilly. Hinata became tense for a moment and then smiled.

“I’m not going to tell anyone, it will be our little secret,” Hinata unfolded the diaper and held it in her hands; she looked it over quizzically and then put it back on the table. She looked to Sakura. “Umm, but I dunno, how to get this on…” Hinata was a little embarrassed.

Sakura stood up and took the white diaper in her hand. She motioned to her bed and sat on it. Hinata took a moment, but she stood up and walked over to the bed. “Lie down,” Sakura instructed firmly, but oddly reassuringly. “Now, I’ll try to be very gentle Hinata. I know the first time can be the most embarrassing,” Sakura was gently tugging at the edges of Hinata’s pants pulling them down to about her knees. “The jacket might get in the way; please unzip it if you don’t mind,”

Hinata moved her hand to the zipper and undid her jacket; she let the two halves fall to either side of her and returned her hands to their position on her chest.

“That’ll make this a bit easier,” Sakura cooed, eyeing Hinata’s striped panties. “I have a pair just like these,” Hinata could tell Sakura was trying to keep her calm and reassured through the entire process. A small blush came over Hinata as she felt the cool air against her exposed regions. Sakura reached to Hinata’s ankles and lifted them, elevating Hinata’s entire hind region.

“Now, all you do is position it nice and straight under your bottom, make sure its about here,” Sakura said poking softly a bit of creamy pale skin about two inches above Hinata’s backside.” Now, then all you do is lie back down and make sure its positioned right,” Sakura eased Hinata’s body down on the soft cloth-like feeling diaper.

Sakura smiled, as Hinata looked a bit relieved to not be in such a vulnerable position. “Almost done now, all you do is bring the front end up over yourself, about navel high, or a little lower if its not bothersome. Holding it there with one hand, from the bottom up alternate taping the tapes,” Sakura methodically said the positional names of the tapes as she did them snugly. “Bottom right, bottom left, middle right, middle left, top right, top left, All done!” Sakura looked over her work, prideful.

Hinata sat up and felt the soft, almost hugging fabric around her. She blushed a bit; it was a very different feel then her normal underwear. Sakura was working on something at Hinata’s thighs as Hinata’s hands felt the front of the diaper, stroking the soft plastic cover with one hand. “This isn’t so bad,” she thought.

Sakura handed Hinata what looked like a folded napkin at first. She then recognized her expertly folded panties. “They’ll only bunch up and make the diaper uncomfortable,” Sakura said helping Hinata to her feet and replacing her black pants to her waist. “Wow, its almost unnoticeable, with the coat on, I doubt anyone, but an expert would know you had them on!”

Hinata nodded zipping the front of her jacket up, hiding the soft cloud, hugging her around the midsection, from view. “Thank you so much Sakura!” Hinata sprung rather impulsively and hugged Sakura tightly. “This will definitely help me stop, so I can finally ask Naruto….” Her shyness hit her just before she divulged on of her biggest secrets. “I mean, I meant, I….I….”

“Don’t worry,” Sakura said; rubbing Hinata’s back as they still embraced. “I’ve noticed your near idolization of that dummy Naruto. Don’t worry, I never told anyone.” Sakura let go and looked over Hinata's person one more time. “All set, now all you need to do is buy some more, and if this works, you’ll have no problem controlling those pesky stress evacuations! The drugstore next to the Ramen stand is where I picked these up. They’re probably the best brand in Konoha,” Sakura nodded thinking to herself.

Hinata noted what Sakura said and nodded politely before bowing. “Thank you, again. I need to go, thank you for your help, and for the tea,” Hinata bowed again before walking down the stairs of Sakura’s house and exiting into the warm mid-summer air.

Hinata fumbled through her backpack as she stood outside the entrance to her house. She had walked home quite slowly and guardedly back to her house; she did so even more furtively to her room. Once sitting upon her bed, she opened her purse and counted the money inside. “Much more then enough, most likely,” Hinata figured. She still was not over the comfort and simplicity of the slightly bulky padding around her bottom.

“Maybe things are coming up Hinata after all!” she thought jubilantly.

Hinata felt a small pinch in her bladder. She had to go to the bathroom. She blushed a little bit at the idea of purposely using the diaper to relieve herself. However, she figured that’s what it was there for and not using it would just be a waste of Sakura’s gracious gift.

It was more of challenge to pee with the tight soft material against her then Hinata had originally thought, after about two or three minutes of trying. Hinata sat down and sighed. No sooner had she relaxed did her bladder release and warmth flooded her front.

“Oh no!” Hinata looked at her crotch fearfully but it dawned on her that not only had the wetting ceased but also the feeling of being damp was nil. “These are really good,” Hinata remarked pulling open the front of her pants and carefully prodding the material. Without contemplation, she let her pants go and smiled happily. “Dry,” was all she thought.

She made sure everything was in order and stood up. “If I go now, the drugstore should be empty, its mid afternoon on a weekday, no one’s gonna be there.” Hinata said to herself as she walked out of her room and slid the door closed.

The streets in town were empty as she leisurely walked towards the ramen stand, on the look out for any blond haired, blue-eyed ninjas slurping noodles. Naruto was not there, thankfully. Therefore, Hinata continued on past the stand and to the drugstore not even a block away.

She stood at the door for a moment cautiously and peered inside the wood furnished store. Magazines stood in racks at the near side of the store, and the register at the far. There were long white shelves, about five, filling the inside of the store and separating it into aisles. Taking one more look around Hinata stepped into the store and walked down the first aisle. She noted this was not the aisle that would have what she was looking for but she stopped and browsed anyway.

Hinata’s eye was caught by a manga and she picked it up. Pretty Kunoichi Michiru, Hinata’s favorite comic. She busily flipped through the book, looking at the pictures of the girl ninja. She giggled when she saw a page of Michiru standing over her bed mat with a small storm cloud above her head. There was a small yellow spot on the mattress. Hinata giggled again. “You and me both Pretty Kunoichi Michiru,” Hinata told the drawn ninja girl. She replaced the manga and went back to walking down the aisle.

Reaching the next, she quickly disregarded it; there was no need to go down it. It was all medicines and soldier pills, nothing she needed. The third was some home stuff, toilet paper, air freshener, and other toiletries. The back wall was empty except for a freezer section of indiscriminant drinks on the far end of the store. The fourth aisle had some female products on one side, and baby products on the other. She thought this would probably be the aisle.

Looking up and down the rows, she found a package, which had its blue back turned to the customer. On it bared the same brand and type of “adjustable brief” she was at the moment wearing. She looked over the package. There indicated a size measurement printed in one letter: S, M, or L on the front of the brief. Blushing deeply Hinata looked down at her legs. With one stealthy glance to her surroundings, she pulled at the elastic waistline of her pants and peered down into them. Written on the diaper was a small letter “M” in bright blue.

“Medium,” Hinata said to herself looking at the package she was holding. “18 Size Medium Briefs for Girls/Boys 15+” read the pack. She nodded at the pack and lifted it by the light blue, translucent plastic handle. Walking over towards the front of the store, she noted a familiar tuft of hair behind the register, kneeling down, snoring. The hair was in fact, Shikamaru.

“This is Shikamaru’s family’s drugstore?!” Hinata hit herself on the inside for not remembering the sign on the outside reading “Nara Pharmacy.”

“I’m not brave enough to buy these with someone I know selling them to me, Shikamaru’s mother, father, anyone but one of my former classmates himself!” Her heart sunk so much work for nothing. “No… not this time. Not when I am so close to helping myself for one of the first times!” Hinata screamed inside so loudly it came out as almost an audible yelp.

Fighting with all her courage, she reached the counter and put down the package of diapers. She looked to the side of the register and spied the counter bell. Like trying to lift solid lead, Hinata raised her hand that had just released the package. It was as if explosion of stress were keeping the hand from rising. As much as she battled, the hand would not strike the service bell. “Do this Hinata!” She screamed inside, charging her hand forward and slamming the bell.

The almost caustic ring echoed through the store, and the palm tree like shoot of hair swiveled a bit. Shikamaru arose with his eyes groggily half-open. “How troublesome,” he remarked, incoherently ringing up and bagging the package. “11.50 is your total,” He yawned, his eyes still sleep ridden and unseeing.

With quick hand and even quicker step, Hinata paid and grabbed the bag, darting from the open door before Shikamaru had even taken a step back to resume his nap. He’d not even seen it was her.

Hinata ran, in some places jumping to quicken her escape home. With a few more bounds, she landed on the roof of her home. Slinking in she made it to her room, and put the package under her bed. Hinata stopped and rested. She felt wet all around her bottom. “Well good thing Sakura gave me this one….” Hinata though knowing now the diaper had to be in need of changing.

Hinata slowly slid her door shut and took off her jacket. She took off her headband and set it on her dresser. Sweat from her run home beaded on her forehead. She swiped it with her hand and decided a shower would be refreshing. Removing her Shinobi shoes, she set them at the door. Sighing softly she removed her pants and set them on the bed.

Once more Hinata went into the bathroom and ran the water. She removed the wet diaper and set it in her bathroom trash under a mound of toilet paper and a torn magazine. In a few moments, Hinata emerged from the water and shut it off. Droplets clung to her refreshed body as she dried her entire person gently. Wrapping herself, she entered her room.

“Now time to see how much I learned from Sakura,” Hinata said letting the towel fall to the ground, then collecting her mesh undershirt and putting it over her bare bosom. She carefully sat bare bottomed on her bed and laid back. Turning to her side, she ripped open the package and removed a crisp folded diaper. As she unfolded it, Hinata felt oddly happy. This was kind of new and fun to her. She had enjoyed the first one, maybe this was worth almost being caught by Shikamaru. Maybe…

As Hinata lifted her back to slip the fluffy undergarment underneath herself, she thought she heard something, but she chalked it up to the crinkling plastic and continued. Moments later Hinata taped up the top tape and smiled at her work.

“All done!” She said mimicking Sakura’s exclamation. She stood and did a small twirl, and as she did the door to her room slid open and a slender, taller, older version of Hinata stepped in. She wore a dark navy pair of satin slacks that ended at her ankle and led into her informal tatami sandals. Her top was a brief webbed midriff; it hung loose over a black silk bra. Around the waste of the figure, an older konoha headband glinted in the half-light. Her almost jet black azure hair cascaded like a waterfall to her mid back. Hyuuga eyes stared intently forward. It was a familiar figure. It was Hyuuga Inase…. Hinata’s mother.

Hinata’s twirl ended when her eyes locked onto her mother’s half-quizzical, half-surprised visage. “MOMMY?!” Hinata blurted. Inase put her hand on her hip, the other on the doorway arch and smiled a bit, looking over her daughter.

“I was right! You have been wetting the bed!” Inase said wryly. She stood now with both hands on her hips and had a bit of disappointment, yet still humor in her face. “Why didn’t you tell mommy, Hinata?” Inase looked at her daughter semi-sternly. Her daughter was speechless, standing there mouth agape, utterly embarrassed and frightened. “Did you think I would be mad at you? For something simple as wetting yourself a couple of times? Something even I went through at your age?” Inase became a little more disappointed.

“I’m really, really sorry, momma,” Hinata said almost too quiet to be heard. “I thought you’d be mad at me, disappointed with me,” Hinata had tears in her eyes, she knelt on her floor, in nothing but her shirt and diaper, crying softly into her own clenched hands.

“Hinata, Hinata!” Inase consoled emphatically. “I know what this is like, I had the same problem, and from the look of it, the same solution as you did!” She held her daughters hands down and looked at the bleary-eyed teen.

“So you’re not mad?” Hinata asked, hoping to escape any punishment for hiding her problem.

“I’m not angry and not disappointed as I should be. However, I asked you two weeks ago if anything was wrong, and it seems you blatantly lied to me, young lady. You hid something so childish from me, that we could have easily fixed then as you have now,” Inase’s voice was still loving but turning into that foreboding coldness that foreshadowed punishment. “Your lying was very immature Hinata. I think you should be punished as your immaturity appropriately dictates,” Hinata’s mother took her daughter’s hand gently yet tightly and walked to the bed. She sat down and looked at her daughter.

Hinata looked down at her mother sitting on the bed. She blushed at what she knew her punishment was going to be. “If you’re going to lie like that time you were two...” Inase said, referring to the time Hinata broke the vase in the hall and told her mom it was Neji, “…then you are going to receive he same punishment, dear.” Hinata’s face blushed even more.

Without resisting, she politely apologized: “I am very sorry, mommy, I accept my punishment.” Hinata’s mother eased her daughter onto her lap and then made sure she was nice and comfy. Hinata could not help but feeling warm, and nostalgic, being on her mother’s lap for the first time in fourteen years.

Her mother’s hand rubbed the soft plastic of the diaper and gauged its thickness. “Now, mommy is a bit forgetful, how many did you get back then?” Inase asked looking down at the back of her daughter’s head.

“Ten, mommy,” Hinata said honestly, remembering the embarrassing spanking she had received that day fourteen years prior. Her mother nodded, and raised her hand. Hinata barely felt the first smack, as it harmlessly resounded from the padded surface of the diaper. The second was a little harder, and the third a bit more. They still didn’t hurt. Hinata’s mother, fully aware, continued on with the fourth, fifth, and sixth spanks, a small smile on her face.

Hinata was trying hard not to giggle at her mother’s obviously satirical punishment. Inase too was choking back laughter as she finished the last four spanks and set her daughter next to her. “There my darling. All paid up,” Inase kissed her daughter on the forehead delicately, before rising and looking over her child. She held her hand out, helped her daughter to her feet, and then watched her put on her pants as Hinata had planned to nearly fifteen minutes earlier.

“Hinata dear, remember, tomorrow you need to come with me to the tailor, we need to get you fitted for your festival yukata.” Inase said turning back and taking one more look at her smiling child.

“I love you mommy,” Hinata said vibrantly.

“You’re my little princess, Hinata,” Inase said closing the door to Hinata’s room.

Happy and reassured Hinata thought over her plan for the festival. Her wetting was under control; her mother was not disappointed with her. With these meager challenges out of the way, only one thing remained: gathering the courage to ask Naruto to accompany her to the festival

___

Credit to : http://foxtalestimes.actifforum.com/t1418-lack-of-confidence-starring-hinata-chapter-8-final

*003*2011-06-24 13:51

{{:

Merged. Please go back and edit in chapter names or whatever you have.

}}

I'm new here, i don't know what you mean by merge or w/e. sorry

