Piss Witch

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-09-03 09:51

Sage

I was waiting to be picked up after work one night. My friend was an hour late as usual. As if on cue, I was beginning to feel an urgent need to urinate. It was really weird. I've always been able to go a pretty long time without using the bathroom, but almost every time I've worked this week I've found myself desperate. I was beginning to wonder if it wasn't gonna happen.

Shifting in my seat, I peered down the road, scanning for her car. The weird thing about it is that it hits me really quickly, even if I haven't drunk that much. I glanced around me to make sure I was alone before wedging my hand between my crotch and the bench and touching my knees back together. My bladder was filling with a lot of liquid. Within minutes, I was unable to keep still. I had no choice but to go back inside to piss.

My walk was rushed and stuttered. Moving made the urgency worse and I felt like I was on the verge of spurting the whole time. The store being closed, I figured I had the privacy to hold myself as I entered the bathroom and almost pissed myself when I saw someone in there.

"Jesus Christ, you scared the shit out of me!" I said, realizing it was just the new girl that started earlier this week. She was mopping.

"Sorry," she said, looking down at the floor.

I hadn't even realized my clenched legs were dancing underneath me. I had to piss so bad. I went into a stall, bobbing up and down as I locked the door. I pulled my pants down and was pissing as soon as i made contact with the toilet seat. I sighed, relieved, my piss loudly spattering against the bowl. I finished, pulled my pants back up, and left, finding my friend outside waiting for me.

*003*2021-09-04 18:48

{{4 hours ago, rfthawne said:

An interesting start and well written enough that I'm curious to see where this is all going to go. Did you write the narrator with a particular gender or anything in mind, or vague so the reader can insert themselves?

}}

Thanks! I imagine Sage as a female.

{{3 hours ago, Binu said:

Loved it .can't wait for pt 2

}}

Thank you

Ava

I wrote out an arcane formula on a sheet of loose leaf paper and studied it. It was noncompliant with my previous ethical stipulation about these sorts of spells, which was: the graduality of the urgency has to be greater than the urgency itself. It was to keep it realistic and moral, if any of this could be moral. There's no way to qualitatively compare time and the sensation of needing to pee, though, and I've admittedly been taking advantage of the ambiguous nature of it. One rationale I've been trying on people from work was that I could increase the urgency in less time if I knew they had immediate access to a bathroom. What I was working on at the moment was even more questionable.

In my previous spells, urinating caused the effects to wear off. This one was relentless. It caused a person to generate urine at an exceptionally increased rate for about four hours. Without frequent bathroom breaks, accidents were inevitable.

I do this a lot, though. I design immoral spells like these because they're fun to think about, but I would never use it on someone. I crumpled it up and tossed it in the garbage.

I went into the bathroom, looked at myself in the mirror and cast a simple one for quick desperation. I lurched forward as the effects began immediately. I could feel my bladder filling with swirling liquid, my belly going from flat to distended in a matter of seconds. Hopping from foot to foot, I hurriedly undid my pants and sat on the toilet, pissing for almost a minute. I might have tried that spell from before, but I had to get to work.

