Short Wetting Story

Author: Petya

*000*2012-06-19 10:57

Here's a short story I wrote and decided I may as well share. Was just messing around with first person, present tense and sexual themes.

My writing is extremely long winded, but i'd rather you skip the whole thing than part. Yes, there's more. No, you can't ask about it and I won't post it.

This story contained references to specific things, which I've filled in with placeholders. Hopefully it's still understandable. Anyway.

It's about fifteen minutes after midnight, and Anna is giving me a ride home from the country area to my house. We're the only ones in the car. It's pitch black outside and slightly lighter inside, the instruments on the dashboard casting a faint blue-green glow at chest level. Conversation has ceased, and we're both sitting in passive silence. I glance sideways at her. Her eyes are fixed to the road. She's wearing faded, slightly loose blue jeans and a black-orange shirt. Her pants stick out from her body at the back, showing a glimpse of her lacy black panties. The occasional streetlight casts its light through the windshield and her shirt, transparent and shimmering, shows the outline of her bra. From my eye level, the low cut of her top lets me see the shapes and curves of her breasts clearly.

A quick movement draws my view downward to between her thighs. She's pressed them together firmly as if trying to keep something between them. As they unclench, I see her face become slightly flushed. She bites her lip slightly, and her eyes become wider. I quickly look back forwards. A rush of exhilaration surges through me as I can tell what has afflicted Anna. Through the windshield I can see that we've just passed the turnoff for a park and we're nearing the top of Oak Ridge. Careful that she doesn't meet my eyes, I glance back at her. Her legs are crossed and her ass is thrust back into the seat, her back curved forward and her chest close to the wheel. We crest a hill in the road, and she's forced to part her legs to work the pedals as she shifts downward and brakes. With her thighs apart I can see her trembling with effort. She tenses completely and thrusts her right hand between her legs.

"Hm?" I ask, cautiously but audibly.

She replies briskly and with an animated desperation.

"I uh, just REALLY need to pee."

With considerable effort she frees her hand from her thighs and brings it back to the wheel, her legs still uncrossed but clenched together tightly, her knees slipping past each other. She yelps sharply and turns the wheel to the right, bringing the car to a stop at the side of the road underneath a streetlight. Through the side window I can see we're at the top of the ridge. We're overlooking nothing but valleys and hills for She jams the car into park, whips her seatbelt off, throws the door open and wrests herself from the vehicle.

Turning backwards over her shoulder, she yells "Stay!"

At 5'2", Anna clears the small coupe by about a foot. Her hand hitting the hood, she makes her way doubled over and gasping around the front and to the passenger side of the car. I straighten and crane my neck to see a full view of her. Only a foot or so from the car, her back turned towards me, she suddenly freezes. I see her fumbling with something in front of her, and I assume she's trying to get her belt open. She struggles for fully five seconds before she seems to succeed. She thrusts her thumbs inside of the belt loops on her hips, but suddenly stops and looks over her shoulder. It seems her modesty has caught her at the worst time. She looks directly into my eyes and a look of pure terror and mortification passes over her face. She turns back forwards and her hands shoot between her legs, her hands overlapping and fingers pressing directly on her crotch. Her legs bow inward and her wide hips push her ass outward.

Suddenly a dark, wet patch forms on the back of her pants right above her fingers. It shoots up and out, soaking a line from her fingers to her belt and arcing around the curves of her ass. Now it drips down the back of her thighs in thin lines that drip off the cuffs of her pants and onto the dirt, and spread and widen until the back of her pants is completely and entirely soaked. pee drips from off and between her fingers, and traces the shapes of her legs down her ankles, soaking her shoes and the ground beneath her. She falls backwards slightly, her ass pressing against the window of the car and leaving a wet smudge as she slides down. All I can see now is the back of her head.

It becomes too much for me. I scramble over to the driver side of the car and out the door. I make my way hesitantly around to the passenger side. Anna's sitting with her back against the car door and head against the window. Her eyes seem as wide as her head and her lower lip is trembling. Her hands lie dripping at her sides, and her legs are pulled in front of her, her knees at eye level. I can see that the front of her crotch is soaked, as are the tops of her thighs. A wet patch in the dirt extends a foot from her, streaming playfully around the bottoms of her shoes. She's breathing in gasps, and lets out a faint, sad whimper.

I fully understand that half of some of the stuff I described may not physically work. Also, I might make no sense. But this was written between the hours of 2:30 and 3:30 AM.

*002*2012-06-19 21:56

Thanks. I hate to leave it like that, but the rest I had written isn't something I want to post. I might end up writing something else to bring it to a close, though.

