Desperate during sex

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2024-02-16 17:19

IMG_9713.mp4

This story will be referenced using this video! It will have sex all the way through, so if that's not your thing then please skip the story!

Lisa came home in a hurry, kicking her shoes off of her feet and slamming her bag down near the front door. She bounced around, holding her crotch as she attempted to waddle to the bathroom. Lisa's husband, Marcus, appeared from around the corner, stepping infront of Lisa with a smirk spread across his face.

"Well hello, beautiful." He muttered, placing a kiss on her cheek and grabbing her firmly by the shoulders.

"Hey baby, can this wait. I really need to use the bathroom. I've been holding it all day!" Lisa whined, twisting around on the spot as she bounced up and down.

"Mmmm...no. You look too hot." Marcus whispered, slowly kissing down her neck, his hands sliding up and down her body. He couldn't resist, he picked Lisa up bridal style and took her into the bedroom.

"N-no! No no no baby, I'm gonna piss on you if you're not careful!" Lisa scrambled from her crotch, rubbing her thighs together as Marcus smirked at her once again.

He threw Lisa onto the bed, making her leak slightly in her underwear. She moaned and whined under her breath, holding back the flood. Marcus' mouth pressed against Lisa's, their tongues swirling around in horny delight, although Lisa seemed to only focus on not pissing on their bed. Both of their clothes were off in seconds, discarded onto the floor next to them.

"Cmon baby, hop on. Don't be scared." Marcus laughed, watching Lisa stood on the other side of the bedroom, holding her hairy pussy with both hands, her thighs squashing all of it together. She hesitantly sat on Marcus' lap, sliding his slightly above average dick into her vagina.

The frisky couple moaned in unison, letting the pleasure take over, although for Lisa, it was a mixture of desperation and pleasure. She slowly bounced on his dick, trying her best to forget the inevitable opening of her flood gates, but her hand would creep to the top of her vulva, pressing it the best she could to give her any form of relief. Lisa found herself rapidly bouncing on her husband's dick, just wanting it to be over so she could use the bathroom, but Marcus would hold her back anytime she went to stand up, making her moan and whine loudly from her quivering urethra wanting its release.

"Please please...let me go...let me go!" Lisa moaned, her eyes wired shut from the pressure. She found herself pulling away, just seconds away from running to the toilet and relieving herself but to no avail. Piss jetted out of her and onto Marcus' dick, her hand trying to stop it all from coming out. Marcus could only smile at the sight, watching his plan unfold infront of him.

Lisa could only let the flood continue, moaning loudly from the pleasure of letting her bladder spill its contents. After a while, the humiliation of pissing on their bed kicked in and Lisa found herself hanging her head low as Marcus chuckled behind her.

"You asshole..." She muttered.

"What?! You looked way too hot coming in. Cmon, let's get you cleaned up."

Hope y'all enjoyed this lil idea! I'd love to use more videos for references. Let me know if y'all want me to see any videos for any future stories! 💙

*002*2024-02-18 13:40

{{16 hours ago, bangboom said:

Loved this! Hot idea, too! I'll DM you if I think of any videos 😛

}}

Thank you! Will be on the look out

