The Wetter the Better

Author: Mia Moore

*000*2012-03-23 21:52

The sound of the clock ticking behind me was the only evidence that time had not stood completely still. This class was dragging on and on and god why did I have to drink so much coffee this morning? I'd been fine until after lunch. Unfortunately, our block scheduling meant that I was forced to stay in one classroom for the last half of the school day. Mrs. Mercer was a huge bitch and she was notorious for not allowing for interruptions. I sighed and squirmed in my seat, glancing down at the cellphone I had concealed in my lap and confirmed that only five minutes had passed since I last checked the time. Still an hour to go and my bladder was fit to burst!

I rapped my perfectly manicured nails on the desk top and tried feebly to take notes. It was difficult to concentrate, let alone write, when I had to keep pressing my fingertips into my crotch to prevent myself from flooding my plaid skirt. Ah yes, the good old school girl uniform. This school was so strict that I had to wear a red and blue plaid skirt with a white blouse. Even my hair had to be tied up in a blue ribbon and every girl in the school wore the same white socks and mary jane shoes. My own shoes were tapping lightly against the floor as my legs shook and I wiggled in my seat. I was almost to the point of raising my hand to ask if I could please go to the bathroom but the girl next to me beat me to it. Of course, Mrs. Mercer scowled and told the girl to hold it. I gave her a sympathetic wince, having not noticed how desperate she was too.

She slid her notebook toward me. Up until now, I'd never even spoken to the girl who sits beside me in Geography but she'd written me a note in cute, girly writing.

Oh my god, how much longer is this class? I have to go soooo bad --Dana

I smiled and crossed my legs, scribbling a note to her as quickly as I could and slid the notebook back to her

I don't know. Eternity? I feel like I could use a trip to the bathroom myself --Kai

Dana snickered and I grinned back at her, but old Mrs. Mercer was walking by our desk so I quickly tried to copy the map we were supposed to be studying. To be quite honest, I felt a little obscenely excited knowing that both Dana and I were struggling to hold our pee in at the same time. Call me crazy, but it was almost like we were team mates! I imagined us sitting there together, battling massive iced lattes and evil teachers, all the while trying to control the ever-mounting need to pee. I let out a soft gasp at the sudden wave of desperation that flowed over me, pressing both hands firmly against my crotch and not caring who noticed. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dana squirming. Even in her own desperation, she reached over and rubbed my back. "Ten more minutes, Kai," she whispered. "We can do it."

I groaned, feeling like there was no way in hell I would make it another ten seconds, let alone ten minutes. My abs were sooo tired and sore and my thighs were beginning to tremble from how long they'd been pressed so tightly together. I let out another little moan and clutched myself so tight I could feel my fingertips pressing between my pussy lips through my panties. Dana squeezed my shoulder lightly, her legs crossed. I tried to focus on something else. Dana. Her beautiful, long auburn locks tied in a similar fashion as my own, the sweet smell of her strawberry lotion clinging to her skin. I sighed, thinking to myself that this was a girl I'd like to get up close and personal with.

I moved one hand from my crotch and started writing Argentina, Chili, Ecuador "ugh..." I muttered soflty, now panting from the force it was taking to keep my legs shut. I could feel wetness on my fingertips but knew I hadn't wet. I was desperate but not leaking yet! I realized with a start that I was aroused. Well, can you blame me? A gorgeous woman was sitting so close to me I could feel her body heat. And it was no surprise that I was aroused really. I kept wiggling so much that my fingertips brushed against my clit every so often.

It seemed like an eternity before the bell rang for the end of school. I got myself carefully to my feet and watched as my classmates all but dashed out the door. It was just me and Dana, both struggling against our traitorous bladders. She was openly moaning and clutching herself hard now that we were alone together. "I have to go soooo bad, Kai..."

I nodded in agreement, too afraid that if I spoke, the flood gates would open up. A small whimper was the only noise I managed as I wiggled and squirmed where I stood. Dana seemed to have a better grip on her desperation. She was standing a bit awkwardly but managed not to have her knees buckling as she moved. We both packed our bags as quickly as we could, the tingle in my pussy getting stronger, almost to the point of a burn. I couldn't tell if I was hornier or more desperate but it didn't matter. Dana wrapped her soft fingers around my wrist and tugged me out toward the bathroom. I followed her, shuffling along while her more urgent pace kept me from slowing her down.

My whole body was shaking by now, my nerve endings on fire and my legs going numb from trying to keep in the flood of pee. A bit of relief came when I saw the door to the ladies room. I could make it. I could make it.

"N-nooo..." Dana moaned, letting go of my hand. Right in front of the door, she bent double and grabbed her crotch hard. Ignoring my own need and instead focusing on getting Dana away from the possible horrifying embarrassment should someone walk down this corridor and see her wetting herself, I shoved her almost roughly into the one-toilet bathroom and locked the door behind us. Dana stood up a bit straighter, refusing to move her hands as little trickles of pee flowed through her fingers. She was crying softly. The sight was so pitiful but it was also beautiful to me. I reached out and brushed a tear from her eyes and she stared at the floor and the ever growing puddle. Her white socks were stained yellow and little squirts of pee kept flowing from between her fingers to join the mess on the floor.

I was momentarilly captivated by the sight of her peeing herself that I had ignored my own plight. That proved to be a mistake. My panties were damp before I realized I was wetting. A huge flood of relief drowned out any embarrassment as I relieved myself only feet from the toilet. It felt so GOOD to finally relieve all that pressure. Even the trickling warmth between my legs and damp skirt felt heavenly. I forgot where I was, hand clamped against my pussy and I gave myself a firm rub before leaning against the wall. I had never in my life experienced anything quite so freeing as releasing all that pee right there on the floor.

Dana let out a shocked gasp and I looked up, noticed her watching me. Her own wetting had ended as abruptly as it started and there was a soft splashing sound as she stepped through her puddle and into mine. The floor was soaked around us and I looked up shyly at Dana as I withdrew my hand. "That felt sooo good," I murmured.

Dana bit her lip and looked at me cautiously. "Yes, but now we're both soaked in pee!" She looked away, plucking her wet skirt away from her ass and groaned softly.

I gave that some thought, it was true, we were soaked and probably smelled a bit but there wasn't much we could do about it. "I guess... we could wash up in the sink?" I undid the button on the side of my ruined skirt and let it fall to the floor before stepping out of my panties. I brought both of them, ass bare, to the sink and began washing them. I was surprised, but pleased, when Dana joined me, totally naked save for her bra and set her clothes in the sink. I washed all of our clothes, even our socks and shoes while Dana used paper towel to clean up the mess on the floor. It was nearly an hour later and we were letting our clothing air dry on the sink. I will admit that I snuck a peek or two (or six) at Dana's gorgeous body. Her long, tan legs, her perfect heart-shaped ass and perfectly shaved pussy were all on display.

But I'll save that story for another time.

###

So, of course, I'll write more. But damn, writing this was a lot of fun. I have to pee pretty bad myself but I think I can hold it. Not sure when I'll update. My muses are fickle but look forward to more adventures with Kai and Dana. Does everyone see the beautiful relationship beginning?

*002*2012-03-24 20:47

I saw the way Kai was ogling me and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't flattered. It was strange, the gorgeous girl who sits next to me in Geography, just peed herself in front of me after watching me do the same. And the way she was looking at me, like I was the single sexiest thing she'd ever laid eyes on sent an electric jolt to my already moist pussy lips. I caught a glimpse of Kai's perfectly manicured bush and blushing pink labia. I closed my eyes and licked my lips, imaging the salty sweet flavor of her mingled with sweat and arousal. I tensed slightly when I realized I'd slid slightly down the wall in my thoughts, my hand braced lightly against my inner thigh, embarrassingly close to my pussy.

"Don't mind me," Kai muttered softly, leaning back against the sink and quite deliberately spreading her legs. Her hand came to rest on her inner thigh, slowly, ever so slowly tickling its way to her beautiful cunt. I licked my lips, and then my fingers before retracing the route from my mouth to my clit. I jumped slightly at the shock of my slightly chilled fingertips pressing against my hot, wet clit. I watched her lick her other hand before using her fingers to spread herself open, brushing just her fingertip across herself.

I watched her legs twitch and her fingers move faster, losing control of the steady rhythm before she was bucking into her hand, mouth open and letting out wild moans of ecstasy. Their pitch reached a crescendo and Kai all but wailed, her legs spasming harder then ever, thighs quivering and liquid spurting out of her. I gasped, rubbing myself a little more insistently, whining and moaning like Kai. I felt her hot breath on my thigh before her tongue wended its way around my fingers, her hands tugging mine away so she could pleasure me herself.

There was nothing I could do but thrash, sliding further down the wall as Kai pleasured me with her lips and tongue. Delving inside me with her fingertips and toying with my G-spot. My gasping moans got a bit more heated, louder, echoing off the walls of the bathroom as Kai flicked her tongue against my clit and sent me spiraling over the edge of the most delicious orgasm of my life. "K-Kai!"

Kai giggled and stood, licking her lips. "I think our clothes are dry now," she said before pressing a delicate kiss against my lips.

I laughed and took my skirt and panties off the counter before getting dressed again. My shirt was still a little damp, just enough that the lace pattern of my bra was vaguely visible under the flimsy white material. Kai grasped my wrist and took out a marker, She scrawled her phone number across my arm and drew a little heart. "Call me." She muttered against my cheek before sauntering out of the bathroom.

I walked home with my body still buzzing, wild thoughts and fantasies curling around the edges of my conscious as I thought of what we'd do tomorrow. I vowed to bring two massive iced lattes to school, one for me and one for Kai.

###

Obviously, I switched from Kai's point of view to Dana's. It'll be like that for each post (probably)

