Desperate to Win

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-03-12 21:34

Here's the first chapter of my newest story "Desperate to Win

."

Inspired by an interview with Kristen Bell, where she admitted peeing in a jar during the oscars as her dress was too tight to use the toilet during the four hour ceremony.

Jennifer Lauren is up for best actress at the movie awards. Nerves make her need to pee but she has to sit through hours of awards waiting for her category, all the time becoming more desperate to pee.

As the story progresses her need to pee becomes more urgent, drops forming on her dress and dampening her bare thighs as her best friend sits beside her, waiting for a chance to tell Jenny just how much she loves her.

You can find out more from here.

Let me know if you'd like me to upload chapter two!

Love Luna

Chapter 1 – The Best Actress Award

“And the winner is…”

I held my breath, my heart racing as he paused for a moment, tearing open the envelope. The audience was silent. We all waited to hear which name would be read out.

I’m so glad,” he continued, “to say it’s my favourite this year, Jennifer Lauren.”

I looked round the theatre, stunned by what I’d just heard. Had he really just said my name? Had I won? The director was slapping me on the back from the row behind me and Grace was trying to pull me to my feet. Is it naïve to say I really didn’t expect to win? Something in my mind was whispering to me as I gawped in shock, a warning of some kind, but in the excitement it was easy to ignore.

As I got up, the room applauded, a deafening sound that continued as I began my slow walk towards the stage. I climbed up the steps, having to make tiny movements in my gown. It was a dress designed to accentuate my figure but there were two downsides. One was the fact I had to walk more like a penguin than a glamorous movie star. The other, well I’ll come to that.

When I got the script I never thought it was award winning. And if I’m honest it took two readings before I even began to understand my character and the plot. I talked it through with my agent and she eventually persuaded me to take the role. I’m glad she did but six months of filming around the world took a lot out of me. I sleepwalked through the promotional stuff afterwards and that was me done. I was already preparing for my next role when the film finally came out and the acclaim took me by surprise. All of a sudden I was the country’s sweetheart, the next award winner, topping best actress nominations around the world. It was overwhelming for a nineteen year old who’d only been in three films.

I was halfway up the steps to the stage when the whispering inside me returned, a reminder of how desperate I was to pee. How had I managed to forget? I tensed the muscles in my body and tried to ignore the pressure on me caused by the fabric stretched taut across my bulging tummy, digging into my bladder as I reached the stage and began taking tiny waddling steps over to the podium where the washed up comedian was waiting with my award.

Getting the invitation to the awards, the ultimate awards ceremony, the big ones, that was the moment I knew I’d made it as an actress. I had no chance of winning, not with the competition being so fierce but just getting the invitation made all the doubts and fears when I first started auditioning seem to melt away. What nobody tells you about the big ones is that the drive takes an hour longer than it should as half the world tries to squeeze into a single theatre. It’s not that glamorous, sitting in a cab and wondering whether it would be quicker to walk or even crawl to the venue whilst your nerves make you want to wet yourself.

I could see the presenter holding my award. How amazing does that sound? MY award. Despite everything that happened as I stood in the glare of the spotlights in the next few minutes on stage, all the headlines written about me afterwards, nothing could take away the fact that I’d won. I hardly ever look at the statuette now though, every time I do I can feel my cheeks burning and I have to rush to the bathroom to pee, some kind of Pavlovian response my shrink would be fascinated by. I’m only writing this down to try and help me get over the embarrassment. I just hope nobody else reads this or I’ll have more to be embarrassed about than just wetting myself on stage.

Each faltering step towards the podium brought another lance of pain inside me, my face concealing my discomfort as I finally reached my spot by the microphone. I reached out to take the award but the damn comedian snatched it away from me.

“You did it!” he yelled as I turned to the microphone, ignoring his lame jokes. The audience gasped but I didn’t realise what he was about to do until it was too late. I screamed as he wrapped his arms round my waist from behind, gripping me tightly and lifting me into the air, pressing his forearms into into my bladder and causing the three most embarrassing things that have ever happened to me. Not only that but it was all made so much worse by the face it happened in front of an audience of millions watching at home.

*001*2014-03-20 01:01

Chapter 2 – Preparing Myself for the Show

My evening had started early, very early. I had my hair stylist knocking on my door so early I was yawning the entire time she slaved away at my unruly locks. By the time she was finished I was a bizarre sight. From shoulders up I looked like the sexy movie star I wanted the world to see. From shoulders down I was a 1950s housewife in gorilla foot slippers and a threadbare dressing gown. All that was missing was a cigarette drooping from my mouth.

I spent the rest of the day pacing up and down, wishing it was all over or perhaps that I should have chosen to work in a supermarket instead of in the film industry. I’d only been in my first movie three years ago when I was sixteen. Since then I’d been in two more and become more and more famous with each release. This latest one was the killer, the one that’s turned me into a household name and I was more in demand than ever before, new scripts landing on my doorstep every day.

My dress was incredible, slim and clinging and jet black. It was worth thousands and I had to be helped into it by my two best friends. I’d not tried it on since my fitting day and I seemed to have put on a pound or two, despite my best fitness efforts, it fit like a very tight glove. The only problem was I could barely move. It was worth it though as it looked incredible as I stared at myself in the full length mirror in my bedroom.

“Wow,” Grace said, stepping back and looking me up and down. “Just wow.”

“Mmm,” Elsa added. “It’s okay. Apart from your VPL.”

I laughed. “From anyone else I might be offended by that.” Elsa never gave out compliments, so for her to tell me I looked okay was the highest possible praise I could expect.

“She will be commando tonight so that won’t be a problem,” Grace said.

“Do I really look all right?”

“You’re stunning Jenny. Isn’t she Elsa?”

“I said it was okay didn’t I?”

“I need to pee,” I said bluntly.

“Again?”

“I think it’s the nerves.” I headed through to the bathroom and soon realised I’d set myself an impossible task. The dress was just too tight for me to lift it. I stuck my head out of the bathroom. “Tiny problem.”

Elsa unzipped me at the back and after a few minutes struggle the dress was left in Grace’s hands whilst I ran back to the bathroom in my underwear. Once I’d finished peeing I returned to the bedroom.

“Promise you won’t stare?” I asked, turning from one of them to the other. I’d never been naked in front of either of them but I felt more comfortable with them there than complete strangers.

I unhooked my bra and let it fall to the floor. Elsa immediately looked at my chest. “You promised not to stare,” I said, covering my breasts with my hands, squashing them to my body and feeling my nipples harden under my touch. I’ve always been cursed with sensitive nipples, the slightest touch and they turn to bullets, protruding from my chest as if asking people to suck them.

“You can’t play the retiring flower southern belle card now,” Grace said. “No use being shy if you want to look good. Now get your panties off.”

