The Bladder Sprite

Author: Lilia

*000*2014-08-25 02:57

I wanted to try writing a story based off an original concept I had, so, here goes. Word of warning: No omorashi scenes yet, but I'd appreciate opinions and feedback on the concept. Or what you'd like to see if you're interested!

###

The dappled morning light pouring through the forest canopy lit the pages of the open book in a young adventurer's lap as she sat on a mossy ole log, examining the illustrations. Her name was Colette Marience, and she was mildly experienced, having been in a few fights in his lifetime, and was handy with a couple types of weapons and equipment, but was about to make a somewhat dangerous trek through Sprite Glade, an area of forest inhabited by the sprites that give it its name.

Sprites are odd creatures, taking the physical forms of young girls and standing at only around 2-3 feet tall, but with magical powers and a mischievous nature, loving to lead adventurers astray, they're a force to be reckoned with, and so a good bit of research beforehand is key to survival, which is exactly why said adventurer had her face stuffed in a guidebook. Her approach to travel was to always come prepared, which was why she was wearing a belt full of potions, a bag with handbooks and at least three different kinds of knives, her pack full of food.

Fire Sprites, she read, next to the accompanying sketch of a childlike being with a large puff of flaming-orange hair, were fire-wielding arsonists that enjoyed burning people and their surroundings, though were easily defeated with a bit of water magic. Light Sprites, with their distinctive white clothing and hair liked to blind adventurers with flashes of bright light, and were wise to avoid. But one particular type of sprite was regarded as the most dangerous of the Glade, and the type that should be avoided at all costs, unless you happened to be an utter fool.

Heart Sprites, despite their deceptively innocent sounding names, were a nightmare if encountered. With a nasty attitude and mischievous ways, they were a pain to be around. But with their ability to bind themselves to a human with a single touch of the chest, so that their hearts beat as one, they can never be brought apart, and they die as one, chances are, you'd end up spending your entire life with the brat as she exploited you and milked you for your food and money.

Finished reading and assured she knew the fauna of the Glade well enough, Colette closed the book, packed it away, and stood up. Knee-length green and gold robes fell down over leather-and-chain breeches, and judging by her chainmail gloves, the robes were covering similar armor over her torso. The mix of cloth and tough armor marked her as the sort of person who'd fight with both physical means and magical prowess. Red hair fell down just past her shoulders, and her gold eyes reflected the light. Her entire person seemed to rattle as the heavy-laden explorer set off towards the woods.

###

The afternoon sun might have been shining down on her, if it weren't for the cast of clouds obscuring the sky and turning it a dull grey. Rain would announce itself shortly, and Colette didn't feel like getting caught out in it, so she was already working on pitching her tent again. She had made good progress today, and the local fairies and sprites didn't bother her nearly as much as she was preparing for. Since it looked like it might rain for a while, and she didn't like to travel by night, she decided now would be as good a time as any for a rest, since she'd been walking nonstop for days with few breaks. Her ultimate goal was Seagate, a large, prosperous port town where she could do business, but she wasn't in any particular hurry, so didn't mind removing all the bulk and relaxing in the warmth of her tent until tomorrow.

A bit later, she had a darkness fire going outside. Lighting a campfire - a beacon in the middle of the forest - was the epitome of bad ideas, especially when she was unarmed and only had on a tunic, trousers and boots. But thanks to her fire magic, the purple flames cooking her food cast very little light. At first, even with the special fire, she had felt naked without her armor, but it was uncomfortable and she had eventually gotten used to the fact that nothing would bother her.

...Which is why Colette's eyes went wide when she heard a branch snap just a tiny bit behind her. The adventurer turned her head, and saw something running in the shadows. An animal? Hopefully, it was an animal. Still, she extinguished her flame - the food was done, anyway - and watched in silence.

Seconds passed, then half a minute, and it seemed like whatever had just passed was gone. The girl brought up a glow of flame in her hand to light up the surrounding area, but jumped backwards when she saw what was standing before her.

With a grey dress, grey eyes and a heart-shaped head - hair bunched up on either side with the parting in the middle, and a dainty, pointed little chin, there was no doubting that the thing before her was an unbound Heart Sprite. Colette shrieked and stumbled backwards, and the sprite giggled in delight and gave chase. She was helpless, it was so close, all it had to do was touch her, and the thing's clothes, eyes, hair would all become a vibrant red as it became bound to her heart for life, sealing her fate for life, and a truly lousy fate at that.

The mischievous girl reached up a hand towards Colette's torso, the palm glowing. However, her efforts were dashed when the sprite received the adventurer's boot to her face, knocking her back into the dirt. Colette hurriedly shuffled backwards, but trees blocked her way, and the sprite was getting up again, and only looked annoyed now, wiping away a nosebleed.

What happened in the next few seconds, the girl wasn't entirely sure. She had rushed off in a different direction, but the sprite had cut her off somehow. It had made a wild leap for her, hand outstretched towards her chest. She had managed to move backwards, but had felt the thing's hand hit her somewhere lower, and the two both went tumbling to the ground.

Dazed, Colette looked up at her adversary, but the sprite didn't seem too keen on fighting anymore. The little thing looked on in horror at her body as the grey dress she was wearing took on a yellow-orange hue, and her hair and eyes filled in with the same amber hue. Colette gasped. The sudden color - that must mean that the Heart Sprite had managed to touch her, that they were bound. "You-" she tried to say, but was too horrified to talk. "You and I, we're... our hearts are linked, aren't they? They're one?" she finally managed.

The sprite looked on at the girl she'd have to share the rest of her life with. Her eyes were full of rage, but also fear. "No! No, you fool! You idiot! Our hearts aren't linked, our-" she cut off, looking at her clothes, then at Colette, and then at her abdomen, before finally blurting out in half-anger, half-shame, "Our-our bladders are. I missed."

*006*2014-08-25 16:32

Oh wow, I realized I unintentionally named my character almost exactly like another one

. So I'm changing her surname because I can't think about her name anymore without laughing. Blame my subconscious. Her name is now going to be Colette Arshiel, so that's why her surname suddenly changed from Marience if you're curious. Also if someone could tell me how to edit a post, if there is a way I'd be grateful, because I can't seem to find a button.

Regardless, thank you all very much for the feedback! Of course, I'll be continuing. Again, feel free to leave plot suggestions and particular aspects you'd like to see!

###

The sound of birds chirping and the sight of bright sunlight pouring through the fabric of her tent was a good sign to Colette. The shadows of drops were still visible on the outside, but the pitter-patter that brought her to sleep was gone, so the rain must have let up overnight, meaning she could travel in good weather today. She pushed aside her blanket, slid out of the opening, and took a breath of the dewy morning air. It was a bit chilly, but a few layers of armor would negate that problem easily enough.

As it typically did in the mornings, her bladder felt full from last night's sleep, so she wandered out until she was far enough away from camp, squatted down, hiked her breeches up to her knees, and relieved herself. Some would call it unladylike, especially given she was from a reasonably wealthy family, but she's not a lady, she's an adventurer. She had been playing with swords and fire since she was old enough to hold the former and cast the latter. Her last concern at the moment was acting like her class, and you're not too likely to find a privy in the middle of nowhere.

Only when the constant hissing sound died away and the last few drops poured out of her did she hear a shriek back at camp. Colette's eyes grew wide as she realized what she'd done, and the state of her newly bound Heart Sprite as she approached revealed that it was too late to make up for it. Her fists were balled and her expression was murder. The front of her dress was somewhat wet, but the back was soaked completely with her own urine, and the rest soaked the inside of her legs and ran down onto her feet, leaving a little trail of drops in her wake.

"In case you haven't forgotten," the sprite hissed through clenched teeth, as yellow drops slowly fell off the back of her sodden dress, "We're bound now, and unfortunately for the two of us, it isn't through heartbeats, but our damn bladders, so I'd appreciate it if you let me know before you do that."

"I'm sorry." Colette offered. In truth, she was only half-sorry for the girl. Last night had been a nightmare as the sprite complained, blamed her for her own situation, and finally, stole her food before falling asleep in her bedding, so she had to sleep squished up against the girl, and she tended to move around a lot in her sleep.

"Yeah, right. If you cared you would have woken me up."

"I'm not used to any of this yet! If you weren't so careless in the first place, or just left me alone, neither of us would have to deal with any of this!"

"Leave you alone? Do you know how long a sprite lives without binding? Two years. And do you know how long humans live? Sixty! Seventy, even eighty! Some of those wizard types can live for hundreds, and I saw your fire, so you seemed like one! I didn't have a choice, okay!"

Colette was silent for a moment. It did seem like the only viable option for her, true, but at the same time, the realization that she was bound to this brat for life only dawned on her truly there, and that wasn't something she was likely to let go. Still, part of her still felt sorry for the sprite. "Alright, I understand. Let's... I suppose I should help you clean up."

As the human ran the sprite's dress through a stream with a few drops from a little vial of soap, she contemplated how exactly one is supposed to interact with a parasitic sprite. Should she exchange names? She'd seen a few unfortunate people with Heart Sprites before. One had managed to contain his in a cage, and another was simply allowing the girl to pester him constantly. Should she try to capture hers? Or would that be too cruel?

She looked at the wet but clean orange dress in her hands. Every time the sprite's hand hit her face when she was almost asleep, she felt like this would be a hate-hate relationship, but if she was washing her soiled clothes, then she probably didn't hate her as much as she thought she did. She quickly followed suit with the thing's undergarments and made her way back.

The sprite in question was lounging against the tent, wearing zilch. Finding clothes that fit the little thing had turned out to be impossible, seeing as Colette only had one change of clothes along with her armor. Going without her dress for a while didn't seem to bother the sprite, though. One of the first things Colette noticed about the sprite was the orange circle on the small of her back, about two inches in diameter. She claimed that it was usually red, and getting it was a very proud moment for all sprites. She refused to talk about it after that in embarrassment, and she didn't push any more questions about it.

"So..." Colette began as she hung the clothes out over the tent to dry, prompting the sprite to look up with mild interest. "My name is Colette. Colette Arshiel."

The sprite was silent for a moment before muttering something that sounded like 'Cheetah'.

"Sorry, what?" asked the girl.

"Hxia. Shee-ah. Get it into your head." she said coldly. Perhaps she was still angry.

"I see. Hello, Hxia. That's a bit of an unusual name you've got there." responded Colette, trying to relieve the tension.

Suddenly, Hxia groaned and glared at her bound human. "It's 'heart'." she snapped. "My name means 'heart' in our language, and it's a really, really honorable name. It's not unusual, so shut up!"

"Okay, okay, I will. It's a nice name, really." she hastily agreed. Judging by the way Hxia almost looked about to tear up when she said that, it's clear that having a name to remind you of your failures isn't pleasant. For the first time, Colette felt truly sorry for her. "Surely you're not the only sprite who's ever missed the heart, right?"

"No..." Hxia responded after a moment of silence. "No, I'm not the first. Lung Sprites, as we like to call them, are pretty funny sounding, but they're common, because it's easy to miss a bit to the left and the right. But when you breathe as one, you're still bound for life, so it's still a pretty noble connection. And I knew a Brain Sprite too, who completely took over her host's head." The sprite seemed a bit more pleasant as she talked, but when she finished her expression dropped and she looked down at her feet.

"Would that make you a Bladder Sprite?" asked Colette, but that was probably the worst question she could have asked there. "Don't call me that!" seethed Hxia, straightening up. "Don't EVER call me that! That's not what I am, that's not what I'll be, I-" she lapsed into an enraged faltering, before finally spitting, "I'm done with this." and ran off towards the woods.

Suddenly, Colette doubled over, letting out a pained moan, clutching her crotch tightly as it suddenly burned with a fiery pain, the worst desperation she had ever felt coming over her. She barely saw Hxia in the distance, through teary eyes, having the exact same experience. Despite having just gone not long ago, and the sprite's accident, both girls began to leak several drops of urine, Colette's landing in her undergarments and Hxia's dribbling down her legs, before the latter had the sense to walk back, and suddenly, the sensation was completely gone. But Colette could still feel the wet patch pressing against her.

Hxia was panting, still clutching herself despite the feeling having gone. "Alright, let's both agree to NOT do that. EVER."

Colette could only nod in agreement as the sprite left without another word, into the tent, and shut the door. She only left occasionally to check if her clothes were dry, and finally changed, but still didn't leave the tent or talk to the human. She was really acting like a child, she thought, but that's probably the nature of sprites.

###

Not a word had passed between Colette and Hxia for a while. The human was content with this, because she could work on practicing her magical techniques without being bothered. She was working on a spell to ward off rain, thinking that it would probably be a good idea given yesterday's weather. However, she was beginning to find it hard to ignore the fact that the pressure had been growing in her bladder and she would have to relieve herself again soon. She decided it would be prudent to find the 'Bladder Sprite' and ask if they should go together.

However, upon arriving at the tent, she realized nobody was inside. "Hxia?" she called, looking around outside. Just then, she heard a whistle from behind. When she turned, the heart sprite was standing on the grass with her legs spread apart, her dress hiked up to her waist, and her panties lying around her ankles. Colette was about to yell, "No!", but before she could, the sprite grinned, relaxed her muscles, and began to let her pee fall towards the ground in a golden stream. Colette tried to tighten her muscles, to force her sphincter closed, shoved her hands between her legs, but it was useless; the contents of her bladder began to seep into her undergarments, then her breeches and boots.

Hxia finished, wiped herself with a page torn from Colette's spellbook, pulled her clothes back and winked, before running off. Colette in her soaked clothes stared in disbelief for a moment, before breaking into a sprint in rage. Hxia didn't last long with her shorter legs, but even as she was caught, dangled upside-down and scolded, her hysterical laughter didn't stop.

*007*2014-08-25 16:51

A couple side notes explaining how the bladder physics works here in case it wasn't clear enough in the chapter.

Heart Sprites bind to their partners by a body part, sharing its functionality. Usually, this involves two hearts beating as one, so the sprite won't die until her human's heart stops beating. At the same time, if the sprite dies, so does the human, so the sprite gets a long lifespan from the human and protection from the human, since she has the human's life beating in her chest. If the sprite and human get too far apart, then both hearts will stop, killing them both. The sprite usually wants to stay near the human, to feed herself, screw with them and live in their shelter, so this isn't a problem for them, but means the human's stuck with it.

Their clothing, hair, and eyes are usually grey, but fill in with a deep red color when they bind to a human. They also get a deep red spot on their back that signifies the bonding, and getting it is almost a coming-of-age ritual in their culture. These colors would be pink for the Lung Sprites and blue-grey for the Brain Sprite mentioned in the story. These give them other deadly forms of control, so are no less honored. However, Hxia was upset because she has amber colors burned into her, which is considered laughable. She's the embodiment of peeing.

Hxia and Colette share their bladder functionalities. At any given point, their needs are exactly the same. Anything one drinks will eventually wind up filling up not only their bladder, but the other's as well, so if one were to drink a lot, it'd make both of them desperate. If one initiates urination, both will pee then and there, and the other cannot stop it in any way. However, with more experience, both will eventually learn to hold it in and stop the other person from peeing. Colette couldn't with Hxia, but it's only because she's inexperienced.

Why would one want to stop the other from peeing if they had to endure being equally desperate? Pranks. Pranks with prices.

Edit: Something I forgot to mention: Unlike with Heart Sprites and their partners, who die if separated, If Hxia and Colette go too far apart, both are sent into a permanent state of very extreme desperation until they're reunited. If they lose control before that happens, they'll enter a new state during which they have very little control and fill up a lot more quickly than usual. Basically: A very bad time for them.

*009*2014-08-25 17:52

Something I forgot to mention: Unlike with Heart Sprites and their partners, who die if separated, If Hxia and Colette go too far apart, both are sent into a permanent state of very extreme desperation until they're reunited. If they lose control before that happens, they'll enter a new state during which they have very little control and fill up a lot more quickly than usual. Basically: A very bad time for them.

*013*2014-08-26 13:36

"If we're going to be travelling together, we need to need to set down a few ground rules. And trust me, I don't intend to let our situation stop me from travelling."

Hxia stared up at the human, a bored expression on her face. This rant had been continuing for quite a fair amount of time, and the sprite was fairly certain she had already gotten the gist of what she was trying to explain ten minutes ago. She would have preferred an extra period of punishment (which involved being tied to a tree for an hour) than having to listen to this. But she didn't voice that particular concern at the minute.

"We're headed for Seagate. It's not too far from the end of the glade, and I don't want to have to deal with these problems there. So from this point onwards, we're going to try and show each other a little bit of decency. Is that too hard?" Colette continued.

She rolled her eyes, replying with a less-than-enthusiastic "Sure, whatever.", prompting the girl before her to give a rather hard stomp on her toes. "Okay, okay, I get it!" groaned Hxia, gritting her teeth. Perhaps she should start wearing shoes.

"Good. The next time you feel the need to pee, you tell me, and we go together. No 'forgetting' to tell me, no surprises, and no going before I'm ready. If you're able to give me that, then I won't do the same to you. I'm sure you dislike soaking yourself just as much as I do."

The sprite couldn't lie. She wasn't overly fond of uncontrollable accidents. Waking up this morning in a puddle of her own urine was not a pleasant experience. Still, she hated being scolded like a child who didn't know how to control herself. "Fine." she huffed coldly.

"Then I'm glad we've got that cleared up. We're leaving first thing tomorrow, so you'd better behave, or things won't be pleasant for you, you brat." Colette threatened, and this time Hxia only rewarded that sentence with a curt nod, before running off to be by herself.

She'd already gotten a good sense of how far away from the human was too far, and going to the nearby river didn't seem to go over the boundary of their connection. They had accidentally been separated a few more times, and every instance had the disastrous consequence of giving her the greatest fullness her little bladder had ever felt before, so she was cautious to try pushing those limits. The sprite sat by the riverbed and soaked her feet in the water. Her very orange reflection stared up at her. She sighed, and watched her mirror do the same. How sad it looked. Probably because word would be spreading about how it was that color. Every other sprite in the Glade would be hearing about how the poor reflection had bound itself to a human's bladder. It would be the subject of jokes, of teasing, and stories told to young sprites to make them giggle.

The sun started to set, and her reflection in the pink water almost started to look red. Hxia stared, and then kicked it away, sending ripples all over. It's fake, it's a gift she'll never get, and it's only there to taunt her. She realized that, just how long she'd been there, she didn't even remember. But it was starting to get cold, so she turned around and made her way back.

Colette was sitting in front of a fire, reading another book. Hxia realized that her bladder was starting to get uncomfortably full, but she didn't want to start that conversation. Without saying a word, the sprite fled into the sanctuary of the tent, where she huddled under the human's covers for warmth. She turned her head and saw her stack of reading material. None of the characters on any of the books made any sense to her. Sprites only used verbal communication, and writing and reading were foreign concepts to her. Something compelled her to flick through the pages, however, and she opened the tome at the marked position.

Plastered all over the double page were images of sprites. Her own subspecies included. She then turned back to the beginning, and started to look through at all the drawings. Among the oddest were winged, fire-breathing reptiles, boars with flaming tusks, stick-thin beings as tall as trees, and beasts made of slime. Did creatures like this even exist? And just outside her peaceful forest, too? Even though she couldn't make out a single letter, the images captivated Hxia's curiosity for an hour, and then a picture-heavy book on magic for another, and then-

A jolt of pain shot through her lower body. Just then, she remembered her predicament, and the fact that she had to pee. Badly, now. How long had it been? The sky outside was dark, and the tent was only lit by candlelight. If everything she knew about her own species was true, then shouldn't Colette have had to go just as badly, and if so, why hadn't she said anything? Perhaps she was just as absorbed as the sprite was in her work? Hxia rubbed herself through her underwear, trying to relieve the pressure somewhat. She would have gone a long time ago before, but she didn't want to seem weak and be the first one to bring it up. Surely, Colette wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. So, resolutely, the sprite crossed her legs and continued to read.

More time passed, and by now she was sitting on her heel and bobbing up and down slightly. She could really feel it now, the painful pressure of all that liquid inside her, and it was getting a lot harder to distract herself from that feeling. She took a peek outside the tent, letting out the quietest of moans as she bent down to push the flap aside and felt the pressure increase. Colette was sitting in her place, but one hand was jammed between her legs and she was shifting around. Why was she trying to endure this? Was it some sort of test, did the sprite have to ask first? Was she being made to degrade herself like that? Even so, she'd rather not endure holding it in anymore, so she stood up, and walked over to the human, holding her crotch tightly with one hand. "You know," she began, "Just in case you didn't realize, we really have to pee."

Colette finally looked up at that point and smiled. "See? That wasn't too difficult, was it?" she asked, the sound of her voice ever so slightly pained. "Come on, we'll go a bit away from the tent." Hxia practically ran to the edge of the clearing, dropped her panties, and waited in frustration for the human to get all the way over, undo her belt and slide her breeches off. It was torturous to be exposed to the wind, and it would have been so easy to go right there in spite, but she didn't, out of what respect she still had for the human. Finally, Colette began to speak.

What she said, however, Hxia didn't hear. She was too busy staring forward in terror at the beast that had just appeared. A huge mass of shaggy fur and claws, there was no doubting it was a bear. And it had stumbled into her campsite. The sprite frantically tapped the human's arm and pointed, and as soon as she saw the mammal, she pulled up her clothes, prompting Hxia to do the same, and the sprite barely had enough time to slide her undergarments back before she was grabbed the girl as she dived into the brush, getting down low to hide. Unfortunately, Hxia had ended up positioned under all of the human's weight, and although neither dared move a muscle, their abdomens were touching, and the pressure on both their bladders was unbearable. Tears formed in Hxia's eyes. This was almost as bad as what happened when they were separated. Nobody talked, but Hxia could hear the girl's pained breaths, and she was having trouble silencing her moans.

Hxia started to pant. One little drop leaked into her panties. And then another. The sprite was trying her hardest to hold on, but she started to lose spurts. She felt a wet spot start to grow on her front, but had no idea if it was her own pee or Colette's. Eventually, she was unable to hold on anymore, and with a long, almost-silent gasp, she relaxed her bladder and released the torrent it contained. She hardly felt herself peeing at all, only the intense feeling of relief and the massive amount of wetness suddenly pouring into her clothes from her own bladder and from above. Colette was shaking, and in a second the sprite realized she was too. It seemed to last forever, until finally she became aware of the cessation of a hissing sound she hadn't even noticed at first. They may not have been bound by heart, but both their hearts were beating quickly.

The urine was warm. Colette was warm. The sprite relaxed in the embrace of both, clinging on to the latter tightly, her eyes squeezed shut. She didn't want to look and see the bear. If she tried, it almost felt like she was in a warm bath. For the first time, she felt safe in Colette's protection. Nothing could get her now.

Finally, the girl moved, and scanned the area. "It's gone." she said, prompting Hxia to open her eyes. "It must not have noticed us. You're safe, don't worry."

"I'm sorry." both girls said at the same time.

"I'm sorry for making you pee, C-Colette, for p-peeing on you, I couldn't hold it-" stammered the sprite. She looked about ready to cry.

"No, I'm sorry for making you hold it so long, it was cruel of me, I shouldn't have." said Colette, cutting the other girl off. "I can't believe you waited that long. You shouldn't have." She reached forwards and pulled the sprite into a hug, and the two wet girls shared their warmth for a good minute. Both were relieved to have been unharmed, and relieved in a more bodily way.

Hxia realized two things as she slept huddled up next to the human that night, after they had bathed in the river. That Colette wasn't nearly as bad as she had thought she was going to be... and that she liked the feeling of wetting herself a lot more than she had previously thought.

*015*2014-08-26 13:57

I just noticed this morning that this was a featured topic on the main page, and I'd only written two chapters at the time, too. I don't know what the requirements are for a topic to be featured, but thanks for all the lovely feedback! Just a reminder to send any suggestions my way, or aspects you want to see, because it's a lot easier to come up with plot when I know what you want!

*017*2014-08-26 23:33

I think I'm going to start splitting the chapters into Colette's point of view and Hxia's point of view for a more professional point of view, instead of jumping back and forth between them. That last one was from Hxia's, but there'll be plenty of desperation from both their views, don't worry!

*019*2014-08-27 12:12

{{:

Wait since Hxia didn't connect to any vital organ doesn't that mean her life hasn't been extended at all? Will Collete be rendered incontinent when the short lived fairy inevitable bites the dust? Am I taking the contrived rules of a mythical being in the context of a fetish story way too seriously?

}}

It may be a fetish story but as an aspiring author I take my work very seriously!

I'm not entirely sure. I hadn't thought about that. The extended lifespan is probably more of a magical thing about the connection rather than the physical effects of sharing a heartbeat. So, Hxia gets the lifespan because of sprite magic.

As for death: When a heart connection breaks, both partners' hearts stop working until at least one of them is dead. But they always die together, so you can't ever have one still alive.

When a bladder connection breaks, both partners' bladders stop working until at least one of them is dead. You can have one still alive, and for them it's life as normal. One will eventually have to watch the other die whilst wetting themselves. Yeah. Cruel. But COLETTE AND HXIA ARE YOUNG AND VERY MUCH ALIVE AND I INTEND TO KEEP THEM THAT WAY.

*020*2014-08-27 15:11

Over the next few days, the trees grew more sparse as Colette continued her journey with her newly acquired Heart Sprite tagging along. They were nearing the edge of the forest, and soon would be thrust out of their peaceful trek through the woods back into the busy lifestyle of an adventurer. She tried to avoid thinking of how complicated it would be now, and assured herself that it would probably be like having a familiar, which most mages could manage without a problem. She did look the part of a proper sorceress. The morning after their experience with the bear, Colette had donned her chainmail and robes once more, packed up everything into her bag, and pushed onward.

Unsurprisingly, Hxia the forest sprite, not used to travelling, had complained a lot. The continuous drone of 'I'm tired', 'my legs hurt', 'my feet are sore' and 'I'm hungry' never seemed to stop, but she didn't feel like reducing her pace just so the short creature could catch up. Emptying their bladders, at least, hadn't proved to be a problem. The sprite seemed like she was finally willing to cooperate, and there was only one accident when she slid down a hill, breaching the critical distance and sending them both into a very short-lived fit of desperation, but they laughed about it after and cleaning up wasn't hard, since Hxia didn't wear too many clothes and Colette had managed to get hers off before she leaked too much.

"Can we stop? I'm tired." asked the sprite, looking absolutely miserable trying to keep up with the pace one morning. Colette would have given her the usual response and kept walking, but she was tired of all the complaining and felt somewhat sorry for the girl too, so hoisted her up onto her shoulders and carried her. This quieted her, thankfully, at least until they reached the boundary of the forest.

From the forest's edge to the sea there stretched a large grassland, filled with hills fields of tall grass and flowers. It wasn't an unusual sight to Colette, who had grown up in a nearby city. But to the sprite, who had never seen anything outside the forest, it was apparently very, very interesting. She almost lost her balance as Hxia bobbed from side to side trying to take everything in. "Ack, stop moving! Calm down, you're going to knock me over!" she exclaimed. The sprite stopped, but continued to pester her with questions about what everything was as they walked. It was a new side to Hxia, and no less annoying, but at least she was happy.

By the end of the day, after a tiring walk with only one stop to rest and eat, as the sun was setting over the horizon, they came upon the city of Seagate. Even at this time in the evening, people were busy at work, and the smells of salt, sea and fish filled the air. They passed large carts full of supplies coming up and down the roads that almost knocked the little sprite over, buildings full of music and people, and alleyways and markets and docks. Colette was scanning the streets for an inn to stay in when she noticed that Hxia was no longer by her side.

###

Clothes, this stall was selling. Clothes of all colors, shapes and sizes, hats and boots and scarves and jewelry too. The next one was fish, and reeked. Hxia made a point of avoiding that one and the smell. She supposed the baker's stand next to it might have smelled enticing if not for the lingering aroma of fish. The next stall, however, had a whole set of strong and unusual smells. All that was being sold was bottles, but they were filled with liquids of all sorts of colors.

"What are these?" the sprite asked, taking hold of a couple glass vials full of colorful sludges. Shortly after, they were suddenly grasped away by the vendor. "The golden one is a luck potion, and one of my most expensive, so please do be careful." he said. The first thing Hxia noticed was his thick beard, and then the beautiful robes covering his fat body. He must have been a mage, and a rich one. "That one there's a simple health potion, but I doubt you'd be interested in the blue one. It's only a diuretic, to help you pass liquid. For doctors to buy, really. Perhaps I could interest a sweet girl like yourself in a love elixir? Perhaps you've got your heart set on a boy?"

"No, thank you." Hxia replied. But I've got my bladder bound to a girl, she thought, before quietly chuckling to herself and running back over to Colette. The potions seller didn't even notice the sprite slip 3 of his diuretic potions into her pocket.

###

Colette was about to call out, but felt Hxia bump into her side. "Hxia!" she scolded in frustration. "Don't run off like that, you could get lost, and you know that's going to end up being a disaster." She wondered if this is what being a mother felt like. Would a child be easier to handle than a sprite? "There'll be time to explore tomorrow, but we're going to find somewhere to sleep for now. And we'd better do it quick, it's getting dark." she explained. She also was hungry and her bladder was starting to fill up. Hopefully Hxia would find that an incentive for her to hurry up too, because no doubt she could feel it.

The somewhere to sleep ended up being a rather large inn near the docks. It had two floors, and a set of tables and chairs outside. Several people were sitting and eating, and the sounds of merryment provided a nice atmosphere. "This looks nice, doesn't it?" asked Colette, and got a nod of approval in response from Hxia. She purchased a room for the night, and began to store all of her armor in a chest by the foot of her bed, replacing it with a white tunic with gold buttons, knee-length sky-blue skirt, and nicer boots. It was a large, nice room, with decorative nautical tapestries and new candles, as well as a comfortable carpet and feather beds. She contemplated visiting the privy, but Hxia hadn't complained and her need wasn't urgent, and the food downstairs smelled really good, so she decided it wouldn't hurt to get a bite to eat first.

###

Hxia didn't really like the inn. It was comfortable, sure, but it was full of people, people who hadn't seen a girl with bright amber hair before and gave her weird looks, screaming children, and at least one person who seemed to recognize what she was and scowled at her. In return, she gave the man a rude gesture and made several children laugh. She was tired, too, and somewhat needed to relieve herself. She didn't complain when Colette decided to eat first, though, since she liked the scent of the food just as much as the human did.

It looked just as good as it smelled, if not better. The fresh fish stank earlier, but laid out on a plate it looked amazing. Hxia wanted to try the ale, but Colette wouldn't let her, saying she didn't want to look like an irresponsible parent giving her daughter a strong drink. She complained at that: Their hair colors were different and they looked nothing like each other, but in the end had to settle for wine.

As she stared at her drink, a very mischievous idea began to form in her head. When Colette wasn't looking, she reached into her pocket, uncorked one of the vials, emptied it into her cup, and then downed it.

The effect wasn't instantaneous. She continued to eat for a few minutes, but only as she was finishing did she suddenly feel a sudden, urgent pressure in her bladder. Under the table, she squeezed her crotch tightly. She was anticipating it, but even then the suddenness of it was surprising. Colette, however, looked much more startled, and pressed both of her hands tightly against herself. Hxia smiled knowingly.

###

Perhaps she had been enjoying herself too much and hadn't noticed how badly she had to go? Colette loosened her grip, feeling her bladder throb. The sensation came so suddenly, and she had hardly touched her drink. She looked at Hxia, wondering if she'd felt the same thing, but the sprite was smiling politely. She wondered if she wasn't saying anything because she didn't want to make her stop eating. "Don't worry, Hxia, we'll go back inside right-" she began to say in consolation, but before she could finish her sentence, someone stumbled into her.

A man no older than herself by the look of it, clothed in ragged garments. Clearly, he had tripped, and the impact had made Colette leak a tiny spurt into her underwear. She heard Hxia release a soft moan across the table, and quickly squeezed her legs together. She would have grabbed herself, but not in public. She turned to look at the man, but only then did she realize he was carrying a knife. And her bag.

Immediately, she stood up, trying to ignore her full bladder, grabbed Hxia by the hand and gave chase. The sprite knew better than to just let herself be dragged and clung onto the girl's back. Colette must have looked an odd sight, chasing a thief with a sprite on her back, but the sprite was light and didn't slow her down much, and she managed to grab a hold of the man's sleeve. He turned, but before he could move to hurt Colette, he was frozen up to his neck in ice with one short incantation from the girl. She ripped her bag out of his frozen hand. People nearby cheered. The thief cursed. She could hear her heart beating, and she could feel the inside of her panties clinging damply to the skin of her girlhood. The pressure in her bladder was torturous and threatened to leak even more. She could feel Hxia's legs tightening desperately around her waist, the sprite's nails digging into her shoulders.

"You chose the wrong mage to mess with." Colette finally managed to say, before turning to walk back to the inn. Her voice sounded quiet and like a gasp, but it didn't matter now. All that mattered was getting herself - and Hxia - to the privy. She put her back around her waist and used the opportunity to firmly squeeze herself. She didn't want to remove her hand, but did. Walking back to the inn without dancing about was a struggle.

###

Hxia was wondering if this was worth it. The potion was much stronger than she had expected, and things weren't exactly going according to plan. Once Colette bought them both in to use the privy, she intended to go ahead and lock herself in, forcing Colette to find somewhere to go in the room whilst she was sitting pretty on top of the basin. However, the sprite was beginning to wonder if she'd even be able to make it all the way back to the inn. She was hugging the human tightly with her legs and had such a firm grip on the crotch of her panties she could feel each individual drop of urine leaking out. There was a small wet spot pooling in the fabric against her fingers, her distended bladder having trouble keeping it all in. "H-hurry up!" she whispered to Colette. "I-I'm leaking. And y-you are too, I'm sure."

It hurt, but despite that, there was something exciting about the whole scenario of having nowhere to go. Sure, it was exciting to pull pranks, and watching Colette struggle was enjoyable in itself, but... her own predicament was making her feel all shaky and warm inside, and sometimes amongst the pangs of pain she felt surges of something else that felt good.

###

Against all odds, the two managed to get back to their room in the inn. Every time Colette's foot hit the ground, she felt a bit of pee leak out with the impact, feeling like she was carrying a bowl of water that she couldn't keep balanced. She let out a quiet moan-like sob as she felt a slightly larger spurt fill her already wet undergarments, watching a few drops drip out from beneath her skirt. When she got to the top of the stairs and entered her room, the privy door only seconds away, she almost let everything out in relief, but managed to hold on.

Colette let Hxia slide off her back, and held the sprite's hand as she rushed towards her relief. But only then did she realize that she had a bit of a problem. One basin to use, two people needing to use it together. "Hxia, y-you'll have to... you'll have to sit in front of me, or someth-thing." she said, turning to look at the sprite. The poor thing was shaking and had her hands stuffed tightly between her legs, a somewhat obvious wet patch forming around her arms on her dress. The human pulled her skirt and undergarments off hastily and sat on top of the fine basin. It took every bit of willpower she had not to immediately let go, because she had to wait for the sprite.

"Hxia!" she exclaimed desperately, as she started to leak larger and larger spurts, watching the girl in front of her do the same, the patch on her dress expanding. "C-come quickly, sit down." Hxia stumbled towards the basin and took a seat squashed up against Colette's front, hovering over the basin, but only sat desperately grabbing at her front, not making any other movements. "Hurry, take off y-your-" Colette began to say, but gasped. The spurts had turned into a steady trickle and she felt if she talked any more she'd lose it. "I c-c-can't." the sprite sobbed.

Suddenly, the small trickle of urine became a loud, strong flow as the human girl was unable to hold it back. She moaned in relief as her stream poured out of her. Hxia did as well, but was completely drenching her underwear and dress, breathing frantically. Finally, their streams died down together, the only sound their breathing and Hxia's clothes dripping into the basin. They sat there for a brief moment, both content, before getting up.

Colette pulled up her skirt, leaving her panties aside, wiping tears from her eyes and smiling, but that quickly turned into a frown when she saw how pitiable Hxia looked, tears streaming down her face, and her standing there shakily. The wet patch on her dress stretched almost up to where her navel would be, and the entire lower part was soaked and clinging to her skin. "Oh, you poor thing, I'm sorry..."

###

Hxia was toweling off from a nice warm bath while Colette got one of her own. Her wet clothes were on the floor, so she took the two remaining vials out of the pocket, toweled them dry, and hid them under a loose floorboard. She had no doubt that she would want to use them again. The evening was exciting in a way she'd never known excitement before. Colette had apologized and tried to comfort her when she saw her standing there shakily, but the sprite didn't have the heart to tell her that it wasn't because she was upset. In fact, she had thoroughly enjoyed releasing the contents of her extremely full bladder into her clothes. Enjoyed it so much that it had all culminated with an amazing sensation that made her feel excited beyond belief and left her tired afterwards. All she knew was that she wanted to feel that again.

She made a mental note to try and get herself and Colette that highly desperate as much as she possibly could.

*024*2014-08-28 21:43

{{: 

This is quickly becoming one of my all-time favorite omofics.

}}

Thanks! That means a lot.

{{: 

From what you've said, I'm guessing the lungs are treated as a single unit instead of separatedly. Does the same hold true for other paired organs(say, the kidneys)?

}}

Yes.

{{: 

For a bond where death of the human doesn't guarantee death of the sprite, does the sprite retain the lifespan the pair would have had if they died of old age or does there lifespan shorten to that of an unbonded sprite?

}}

The sprite wouldn't die instantly, but would probably get very weak over the next few days with nothing to sustain their aged body. Unless they bond to another human. But it's better than the alternative: Dying WITH their human and not being given a chance.

{{: 

While I can't see any benefit to it, can a sprite bond to multiple humans? For that matter, can multiple sprites bond to the same human?

}}

Not at once, but a human can be bonded to by another sprite if its old one died, and a sprite can bond to a new human if its old one died. But that's probably not going to happen here. I can't see the point in adding character deaths to a fetish story, really.

{{: 

Other questions about bonds:

Would contact centered between he shoulder blades also result in a heart bond? would striking either shoulder blade result in a lung bond?

What would happen if the point of contact was on an arm or leg, missing any internal organs?

}}

Bonds are meant to happen to major internal organs only. Note how nothing happened when Colette kicked Hxia, nor did Hxia bond to Colette's skin instead of her bladder, despite touching the former. I like to think the sprites have a culture revolving around bonding to the heart, and mocking those who form a 'useless' bond.

