The Tourists [Futanari]

Author: Pain

*000*2015-01-31 20:50

CAUTION: I would like to state clearly and profoundly that this story is not focused upon any particular gender, sect or strata of people. It is completely a work of fiction and is not written to demean or humiliate anyone.

Futanari is someone(Usually in a doujinshi, but occasionally in normal fanfics or hentai), who appears to be female, but for some reason has male genitalia and this story completely revolves around the same. If you do not like the idea of it, this is your cue to leave. I have tried my level best not to hurt anyone's feelings but still if someone finds something offensive about the story , the admin must be informed so he can delete it.Thank you.

###

“Travelling abroad for a vacation…. I knew it was a great idea!” Lauren chirped as she saw her friend Felicia take pictures of the magnificent wall carvings of the fort.

“Yeah I guess...you are right, but I can’t say much until I’ve seen the Taj Mahal, it is basically the reason why I came here” Felicia responded.

Both Felicia and Lauren and been saving a part of their salaries each month for over a year for this trip and finally their wish had come true!

They were to leave for Agra the next day and there was a bit of a shopping they had to do from the local market . An auto-rickshaw took them to their destination in 20 minutes, as they both stepped out of it, Felicia felt a slight twinge inside her bladder.

She thought of the last time she’d been to the toilet and felt a bit conscious of the fact that her last pee was well before she’d left her hotel room this morning. Not to mention the two bottles of water and those glasses of masala lemonade which she had gulped down throughout the day long trip around the city , had made its way to her bladder.

Walking around in such a crowded market place wearing shorts skirts and high heels did garner them unwanted attention from a relatively conservative Indian society.

They were out of place, people stared at these lovely women as if they were aliens.

“I don’t think we should’ve had all that lemonade on the way here, it is really catching up to me” Felicia complained, as they both walked through a busy lane.

“Well I too need to go to, should we cut our trip short ? We can back go back to the hotel to pee?” Lauren suggested. Her balls felt itchy due to the sweat but she resisted the urge to itch.

“No I think I can hold it, plus there is bunch of shopping to do” Felicia said, taking a look at her wrist watch, it was around 6 pm. Looking at how calm and composed Lauren was Felicia wondered if she had to pee too?

Her question was soon answered when she saw Lauren hoping from foot to foot at the earrings store.

“Are you alright?” Felicia asked.

“Bursting to wee..” Lauren answered, looking inside her purse for some change.

After almost twelve hours of roaming around in the city having consumed a copious amount of water and other beverages these two bombshells now had there bladders full to the brim.

Each step made the girls wince in agony , as their full bladders reminded them of just how much they were holding.

The pressure continued to increase with each passing moment and their composure was slowly beginning to deteriorate.

“What should we do next?” Luaren asked her mate, who was visibly having problems holding her pee in.

“You know I think we should definitely go back to the hotel, I really have to drain my hose” Felicia replied, there was an expression of worry on her face, she really was desperate.

“..but it’s only 9:00 , the night is young, let’s have fun , once we get back you’re gonna miss all this” Lauren answered.

“Okay but promise me we will head back soon..”

“Oh don’t worry, even I need to pee so bad” . Lauren did have to pee a lot, but in fact she felt thrilled by the idea of walking around in a busy market place, with her pee right on the edge of gushing out uncontrollably at any time.

It didn’t turn her on, but the risk involved in it was the reason she was doing this, Lauren wished of pushing all her boundaries tonight.She didn’t want to back to the hotel ,all she wanted to do was, live, have fun, enjoy her life while she didn’t have a care in the world.

“Hey, you girls new hear?” came a voice from behind. Both of them turned around to find an incredibly sexy dude standing there .

“Oh ya… I’m Lauren and this is my friend Felicia” she said.

“..my name is Rahul” he said.

The girls giggled , as they both checked him out.

“..so you guys having fun?” Rahul asked, as he lay his eyes on Felicia’s long toned legs.

“Yeah, India is a great place” Felicia said with a smile.

A few moments of chit-chatting later, they felt a little comfortable with the lad, nevertheless their pressing need to pee was making them fidget.

“… but only if there was a pub anywhere around here… we were thinking of having some drinks..”Lauren said, trying to hold her hips with hands already occupied with shopping bags.

“Oh no, at this part of our country pubs and bars are not allowed” Rahul answered,.. “…but if you want, I have a little champagne in my car?”

“Oh that sounds great” Lauren chirped, which almost made Felicia yell at her.

She was talking to some unknown guy , who could have been a thief.

“Can I talk to you for a second…”Felicia said as she pulled Lauren to the side.

“What?”

“What is the matter with you? We don’t even know ths guy , we might get mugged!?” Felicia said as she shot a concerned look at her friend.

“Don’t worry, it’s gonna be alright…”

“…and the items left on our shopping list?”

“Please honey can you buy those, I’ll be back before you know it…” Lauren said with a smile ,handing over the shopping bags to Felicia.

“…so what have you guys thought?” Rahul questioned as he saw them both walking back.

“I’d really like to have that champagne you mentioned earlier...” Lauren declared with a smile, she seemed eager to spend some lone time with this guy.

“Aren’t you coming?” he asked Felicia who seemed to be visibly pissed.

“No I think I will stay back, I have to do some shopping for tomorrow” she responded, scissoring her thighs slightly.

“Oh ,sure”

“Take care queen, I’ll be right back” Lauren said, turning around to leave.

“Alright “ Felicia replied half heartedly, as she saw Lauren walk away with Rahul.

Now they were divided in two groups, Felicia advanced towards the street of shops to buy herself some snacks and toiletries while Rahul and Lauren made an exit from the market.

The long walk to Rahul’s car was a sheer torture for Lauren. The waistband of her skirt was cutting into her mammoth bladder and each step she took was causing her unbearable pain.

“Wow that’s a lot of champagne!” Lauren stated, smiling ear to ear as she picked up the heavy bottle from the back seat of Rahul’s car.

“Yeah, go on open it…” he said.

She carefully opened the bottle, making sure nothing spilled out and chugged down a considerable amount in a single breath, crossing her legs while doing so.

She already had to pee like crazy and more liquid heading for her bladder was only going to make matters worse.

“..this is good” Lauren stated, “… but isn’t there any place to eat around here somewhere? I am starving”

“Oh yeah, there is this amazing restaurant a few kilometers from her, they serve this delicious kadai chicken ,it’s my favorite ,would like to go?” Rahul asked.

“I’ll be glad to ” Lauren said , getting into the car as he held the door for her.

She was growing really concerned about all the pressure building up on her sphincter . If she’d been at home, she would have gone hours ago, but Lauren was really into this guy and really didn’t want to sabotage her chances with him.

Walking around in the market buying things for herself ,Felicia’s need to pee was rising almost by the minute. Her cock felt tense and hard in her panties as she struggled to maintain her composure with each step.She was trying her best to hide her predicament from people who were around.

She was now lost in a maze of streets filled with shops.

Felicia’s need to pee was almost killing her, her body was pumping more and more of liquid into her already tired bladder

She was finding it hard to even walk straight ,amidst the crowd of people, as she continued to become lees sure of herself.

She felt frightened to know that the pressure on her sphincter was now being eventually transferred to the shaft of her cock.

“I can hold it, I don’t have to pee, I can hold it till I get back to the hotel…” she told herself, as she progressed towards the next shop to buy a beautiful piece of embroidery showcased outside.

Neither the shopping nor the fact that she was in a whole new land ,surrounded by a completely different culture was sufficiently exciting to divert her from the increasing problem she was having with her bladder, and because she could not stop worrying about how badly she had go, time seemed to pass so slowly.

She walked form shop to shop, slightly pulling down the hem of her skirt whenever she felt uncomfortable.

Felicia soon came to realize that her need to piss was far more urgent than she had thought and there was no way she’d be able to make it back to the hotel without wetting herself.

“Excuse me but are there any toilets around here?” she asked a shopkeeper.

“Yes there is one at the right end of the market” the guy replied as his eyes pierced her body.

“Oh thank you…” Felicia said as she walked off in the direction of relief.

She felt a trickle escape into her panties, before she stopped for a second and focused all the energy on forcing her cock shut. The weight of all the shopping bags wasn’t helping either , she felt tired and frustrated and not to mention angry at Lauren for deserting her ,but her foremost priority now was peeing as soon as possible.

It was when the public lavatory came into sight, that Felicia was suddenly stabbed in her mind with a question she had never pondered upon before.

Which lavatory was she gonna use?

Felicia stood outside the public bathrooms, crossing her legs and bending double as she tried to decide which section of the loos to get into, Gents’ or Ladies’?

Felicia was someone who had rarely used any public toilets in her life and the one she used was a unisex loo in her favorite cafeteria.

What if she stepped into the ladies and someone found out that she has a dick? Gents was not in the question because of her attire and also because her breasts screamed that she was a woman… What to do? Where to Go?

Felicia stood there with her knees bent, her hand deep inside her crotch and her mind in overdrive only to get the answer of maybe the most important question of her life at the moment. Which toilet to get into? She had first thought of using the ladies but now she felt a little bit confused.

Felicia crossed her legs so damn hard, they began to hurt but she couldn’t have helped it.Just then a long and prominent stream escaped and ran down her thighs to hit the floor.

“Holy shit..” she wailed, holding her breath.She was literally trembling with the effort to hold on.

Near the door ,she saw a man sitting behind a desk , with a board hanging form it, “Please pay here”, it read.

She took calculated but quick baby steps towards the table , placed her shopping bags down and frantically started looking for some change in her purse so she could use the ladies.

Just then another long stream of urine escaped her cock and splattered on the floor. She gasped in horror and held her breath, grabbing her crotch at the very instant. She was able to cut off the flow somehow but it was right on the edge of pouring out uncontrollably, she had to hurry up.

“Can I please use the restrooms first? I’ll pay you when I get back?!” she pleaded to the guy but he refused ,stating it was against their policy to let people use the toilets without paying first.

A meager but steady stream started to flow out of her dick , as she tried to shut her partially closed hole with every bit of strength left in her body.

In sheer desperation, she placed a hundred rupee note before him and rushed inside, leaving streaks of pee on the tiles.

She saw no risk in it, she would seem like a normal woman to anyone who didn’t knew of her reality, there was no more time left to contemplate, she absolutely had to pee now.

Felicia’s eyes filled up with tears and her body trembled in the effort to hold on, it was evident ,she was about to loose whatever control she had left.

The man sitting at the counter saw the rivulets of urine running down her legs, “God, she needs to pee real bad…” he thought.

Felicia held her pipe shut as a long torrent of piss burst out of her wetting the front panel of her skirt a little bit.

“Oh my god no…” she sighed , almost running towards the stalls.

As she shoved the cubicle door to get in, it wouldn't move. Someone was inside, so she gingerly tiptoed towards the adjacent stall and found that it too was in use. Felicia's left leg jerked a little bit as another spurt made its way into her panties, and a visible stream jetted down her thigh.

Her flood was right on the edge of shooting out and she knew she didn’t have even a second to spare.

Still maintaining the grip on her crotch, Felicia hurried out of the restrooms.

What was she doing? She was making her way to the Gents’ toilet, of course she was gonna get some stares while peeing at the urinal but at least it was better than wetting herself completely .

She held the wall in the effort to maintain her posture and control , the pressure in her cock was humongous! She took small and labored steps towards the Gents’ toilet , “Just a little while longer...almost there…” she told herself, her spares breathes betrayed just how hard she was trying to hold it all in.

But Felicia had greatly underestimated her need to go and before she knew it her body gave way and an uncontrollable stream burst out of her.

“Oh no..” she cried, tears rolling down her cheeks as she looked down. She could feel a thick and unbelievably strong stream of pee rushing out of her penis. The pressure was too great, she just could not hold it any longer.Her legs were shaking with effort of trying to stop the flood but it was of no use..

She collapsed to the floor, not caring that she was sitting in the puddle of her own pee, which continued to grow with each passing moment. Felicia covered her face with her hands to avoid an eye contact incase anyone happened to walk by. The amount coming out of her was a shock for Felicia too. Even after a minute long pee she still was going strong.

Felicia broke down completely and rested her head on the wall , weeping miserably.Her skirt was drenched with piss and so were her panties.Her legs could feel the warmth of her urine.

Embarrassment crept in , she just wanted to lock herself up in a room and cry her heart out.

She had tried so hard to stop it , but failed. She had never wet herself as an adult and this incident had really shaken her form the inside.Soon her stream slowed down and eventually died but her bladder still felt strained from holding her pee for so long.

“Oh honey…” came a voice from behind her, a woman had just stepped out of the cubicle.

“I am so sorry... I would have stepped out if you told me you had to go that bad…” the woman said, as she held Felicia by her shoulder. Although she didn’t show it but the lady was stunned at the enormous size of the puddle beneath Felicia.

Felicia didn’t respond, she shrugged her shoulder ,stood up and rushed inside the empty cubicle, with drops of pee falling off her skirt.

She cried for a moment before realizing that she was hard. She had to get off.

Standing with her back on the closed door,she let out her hot pulsing cock out of her panties and rubbed it gently on its head.Her entire body was tingling in ecstasy.

She couldn’t understand why she left so turned on after wetting herself. Was it the fact that she just couldn’t hold it anymore and how helpless she had felt?

Before long she could feel the semen surging inside the inner walls of her cock and then, she came. It was one of the most intense orgasms she had ever had.

By the end of it, Felicia was panting for breath. She left when someone started banging on the door begging her to hurry.

She had thought of leaving her soaked panties in the cubicle but declined the idea as she would have been left with nothing to conceal her still ongoing erection.

In some other part of the city Lauren was experiencing more or less the same as her friend Felicia but she hadn’t got a chance to pee yet.

Not before long Lauren had emptied the entire bottle of champagne all by herself only to regret it a few moments later.

“..drinking all that was a bad idea, I really am bursting for the loos now” she thought, crossing her legs tight and rubbing her thighs in a frantic attempt to gain some composure.

Amidst the thrill and excitement of being with such a handsome and rich guy ,somewhere in the back of her mind she felt bad about leaving Felicia behind.

But there were other things too.

Her pee was a hairbreadth way from coming out, it was an absolute miracle that this girl had still kept her hole shut somehow.

Lauren casually put her hands in her lap, and then leaned forward slightly, almost accidentally pressing against her cock.

It was not much longer before Lauren began to press into her lap more frequently, and then, instead of just pressing down, actually feel for her cock and squeeze it. She gripped herself whenever she felt like she was about to loose control.

When Rahul cracked a joke ,Lauren tried to force a laugh, hoping to hide just how frantic she was. For her, having to put so much effort to hold back her urine while sitting next to Rahul was really embarrassing. She was going out of her mind, wanting to take a leak but had no option rather than waiting till she got to the restaurant. She subtly rubbed her thighs together and asked Rahul how long it would take to get there. “20 more minutes”, he informed.

For the rest of the ride, Lauren adopted a more stout position to sit, her bladder was now painfully full , she couldn’t think of a time she had to pee this bad. She crossed and uncrossed her legs time and again just to help her hold a little while longer.

As their car pulled up at the restaurant’s parking lot, Lauren stepped out , trying to maintain her panache in front of Rahul. She obviously liked him and she didn’t want to ruin her chances with him.

“This way…” he said, leading the way in.

All what Lauren could think of was , getting inside the toilet and releasing her hard held dam of urine.

She took small , careful steps , as they both looked for a table.

“Excuse me, but could you please point me towards the loo?” she asked a waiter.

The waiter bent down his head a little and said apologetically, “I am sorry mam, but the ladies toilet is out of order.”

“Well I could use the gents’..” she screamed at him in her mind but knew she couldn’t just do so. How would have that looked, a woman walking into the gent’s toilet ,what might have people thought of her?

And most importantly Rahul still didn’t knew about her truth , she wanted to tell him but only when she’d be confident enough.

Now seated at the very corner of the room, Rahul and Lauren talked with rather enthusiasm. Neither of whom could believe just how fast everything was going between them. They had just met an hour ago and now they were on a date! He was everything Lauren could have wished for, good-looking, rich , funny, caring, it was like a fairytale for her.

By his way of talking and leaning forward onto the table ,Lauren could tell, that Rahul was kind of into her, this was like a dream come true.

She too really liked him and wanted to spend as much time as she could with him.

She was forced to cross her legs tight under the table as she continued to talk.

This was her test, if she wanted Rahul to ask her out ever again, then she must hold her pee at any cost.

With her right elbow resting on the table , Lauren started rubbing the side of her forehead with her fingers.

“What would you like to have?” Rahul asked her, as he looked up from the menu held in his hands,only to let his question go unanswered. Lauren was so tense thinking of her need to pee that she didn’t care about anything going around her, all her focus was now on her pipe, which threatened to overflow at any moment.

“Lauren.. are you alright?” Rahul asked with a bit of concern.

“Oh…yeah…I’m fine…” she replied, initially shocked to find Rahul staring at her. It looked like he could sense that something was wrong.

As they had their meal, Rahul grew increasing worried to see Lauren loose her interest in the date. She was fiddling with her food and squirming in her seat continuously, she seemed distracted to Rahul , who couldn’t guess the reason behind it.

“You don’t like the food?” he asked.

“Oh no,it’s…it’s great, I am just…..worried about my friend, I think we should get back soon..”, Lauren replied , hiding the actual reason of her distress.

“Well, why don’t you just call her then?”

“Yeah that’s a pretty good idea..” Lauren replied as she , retrieved her phone from her bag and called but Felicia didn’t pick up.

“She isn’t answering, I think we must head back..”

“Okay” Rahul answered. It took awhile before the bill arrived and Rahul paid for it.

Lauren almost thought she’d loose control and wet herself when she got up from her chair but managed to hold on.

“Aaah..” she wailed in agony of her bursting bladder.

As she walked back to the car slightly bent forward, she placed a hand right next to her crotch. She was almost limping because of her bladder being so distended.

She feared of dribbling into her panties as she tried to get to the parking lot. Lauren carefully stepped inside the car, cupping her bladder with her hand while Rahul held the door for her.

She crossed her legs immediately when she found herself seated. She squeezed her dick all the strength left in her before Rahul stepped in from the either side.

He could see Lauren shaking . She had a look of fear on her face and it didn’t seem like she was mentally present there at all.

“You don’t look too well Lauren, what’s the matter?” Rahul asked, desperately wishing to get an answer, “Is it something I said?”

“No.. it’s nothing, could you please get me back to the market….”, Lauren didn’t want to tell him about her embarrassing situation. She had now placed all her bets on the hope of peeing in the bushes, when Rahul would have left after dropping her off.

For the next 10 minutes , Lauren tried to press her penis between her thighs , hoping it would help her hold longer.

She was initially successful in her attempt but soon realized her control was now slipping.

Lauren could feel the shaft of her cock filled with urine leaving only the outer hole to stop the flood.

Her sphincters were taxed out and she couldn’t count on them to hold on much longer. She felt more of her hot liquid getting collected in her dick, how long could she keep it all in?

“R..Rahul..” she said meekly , looking straight out of the front glass.

“Yes…?” he asked, as he shot a look at her.

“I…I have to....I have to go to the bathroom…” she gasped.

“Oh , there is a public restroom in the market,we’ll be there soon.”

“No I don’t think I’ll be able to hold it that long” Lauren replied, squeezing her dick more tightly , only to let her pee hole accidentally open for second.

She let out a thick stream of urine into her panties, she quickly tightened the grip on her cock to cut off the flow.

Luckily Rahul didn’t notice because of the dark.

“Aah..” she wailed again, almost about to cry.

Lauren’s cheeks felt as if burning with embarrassment.Her body was vibrating , containing so much urine in her over stretched bladder.

“I am sorry but you will have to wait a little while longer” Rahul said, as he floored the gas pedal to pick up speed.

Lauren was about to wet herself miserably and not to mention ruin Rahul’s car seat.

She was trying her level best to hold it but each bump on the road pushed her pee closer to the exit.

Rahul looked at her swollen bladder, it was so big, no wonder she was desperate.

Lauren was squeezing her cock more and more frequently now, and holding on to it longer each time she did so, until she was virtually holding it all the time when Rahul was not looking at her.

“Oh no, is that a traffic jam?” she wailed in horror, needing to pee so badly while sitting inside a car and nowhere to go.

“I think so,” Rahul responded, looking ahead and then back at his fellow passenger.

He could tell Lauren wouldn’t last very long. Her face told of her desperation and franticness.

They were now stuck in traffic and Lauren was absolutely sure that she was about to loose control any moment.

It was then that she saw the empty bottle of champagne kept near her feet. She had been smart enough not to throw it out after drinking the champagne, this bottle was her last glimmer of hope. Lauren knew this meant letting out her secret way too early and that she might end up losing her date, but it was better than wetting herself miserably.

“Don’t look…” Lauren gasped, as she quickly reached for the bottle, as she continued to grab her dick with the other hand.

“What are you doing?” Rahul asked, a little confused.

She removed the cork from the bottle in a swift motion,brushed her skirt away and slid her panties aside to let her cock out . She started peeing involuntarily even before she placed the bottle opening in alignment with her pee hole, wetting her thighs and a little portion of the car seat in the process.

“Oh shit no…!’ she cried out.

Lauren although was quick to rectify her mistake . She quickly stopped her pee for one last moment and pointed her dong towards the mouth of the bottle.

“Oh , so worth it…! “ she sighed in relief as her hole burst open and the bottle began to catch virtually all of her pee.

As Lauren continued to fill it, she let out another loud and long, heartfelt sigh as the agonizing pressure in her bladder began to ease.

Rahul felt he would pass out with the shock of knowing that Lauren had a package of her own. He gulped a lump in his throat , hearing to the monstrous gusher falling into the bottle.

“Oh my goodness,I’d been holding that for so long” she said, with her eyes closed and face upwards, directing her stream of pee through the small opening.

The force was so great that she felt the bottle shudder in her hand, growing rapidly heavier.

The sheer pressure and quantity of pee coming out of Lauren made Rahul realize just how much she might have been stopping her pee from coming out during their entire date.

She filled the bottle to the brim with impressive pressure and speed in less than 20 seconds , and squeezed her cock tightly again to stop the flow.

With trembling fingers, she placed the cork back on the bottle and set it down near her feet. Lauren adjusted her underwear, smoothed her skirt down and resumed a more normal sitting position, hoping to recover a semblance of dignity.

“That’s better, at least it’s let some of the pressure off, but I think I could fill another bottle if we had one….” she said.

Rahul didn’t respond, he didn’t have any words to describe how he felt, his heart was pounding and he couldn’t decide how to react.He chose not to speak anything while he drove.

Lauren was sure that Rahul was about to throw her out of the car once they got back to the market.

She really wanted to see him again, she wanted him to understand how she felt about him, but it was pointless after all.

“It’s okay if you feel cheated Rahul, I understand… I am sorry “ was all Lauren could manage to say before sinking into an ocean of guilt and sorrow.

But then what she saw next was something she could have never expected, Rahul was sporting a bulge in his pants, he had thoroughly enjoyed Lauren’s desperation and eventual release.

Lauren stared at his crotch for a while to make sure she wasn’t dreaming, then a smile ran through her face.

She could see Rahul blushing and shaking with horniness.

“So you’re not mad at me?’ Lauren asked, feeling shy at every level of her being.

“No , I guess not..” Rahul breathed, that was all Lauren wanted to hear.

“I have always dreamt of blowing a futa while she is bursting for a leak,” he added.

“Well who knows?, You might get to do that tonight…” Lauren said, as they both leaned in to kiss each other, while their car sped along the highway.

A very passionate night awaited them…

*002*2015-02-01 05:45

Many thanks my friend, I've always wanted to write something like this and I really would want to thank all the people who read my stories and show me so much support! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!

*004*2015-02-09 11:43

Thank you Kei! I really appreciate your words.

*007*2015-02-18 09:57

Yes there will indeed be more stories based on the same theme but maybe with different characters. Thank you for your humble words guys , I really appreciate it!

