Ginny's Desperation

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2012-08-14 00:16

Ginny woke up that morning feeling very nervous. She had her OWLS, which were very important exams for wizards. In the morning, she had her Defence against the Dark Arts exams, while in the afternoon she had her potions exam. Both were notoriously difficult, and she'd need all the revision time she could get. She stood in front of the mirror, wearing just her white bra and panties. "I am prepared. I am ready," she silently repeated to herself, if only to calm her nerves. Her throat felt dry, so she took a large swig from her water bottle, and got dressed for breakfast. At breakfast, she sat down next to Hermione, Ron and Harry, hoping they could give her helpful advice.

"Revise during every spare moment," Hermione told her. Ginny knew she needed to do that anyway.

"Don't lose concentration," Ron suggested. Fair enough, she needed all her knowledge focused on the exams.

"Drink plenty of water," Harry said. "It helps you focus," Ginny decided to take this advise very seriously, as a lot of her bad results in the mocks came from lack of focus due to thirst.

"Thanks guys. See you this evening," Ginny waved goodbye to her friends, downing her third goblet of pumpkin juice.

"Good luck!" they each wished her.

Ginny went up to her room and grabbed her large bottle of water. She felt a small twinge in her bladder, but not enough to make her want to use the toilet. She spent the 20 minutes before her exam in the library, getting some last minute revision in. She slowly sipped her water bottle, until just half of it was left. On the way to the exam, she refilled her bottle again, to make sure she had enough for the test. She was a little more in need of the toilet now, but she could hold it. She walked into the exam hall feeling confident. She wrote her name down on paper, listened to all the instructions and began the test.

She worked her way through the 3 hour exam. After 40 minutes, she began to feel pretty desperate for the toilet. The pumpkin juice and water had worked its way to her bladder. She subconsciously crossed her legs to numb the pain, and occasionally pushed her left hand into her crotch. After 1 hour and 30 minutes, she was desperate for the toilet, her legs bobbing up and down, and her left hand almost permanently on her crotch. At this stage, Ginny thought that she would be able to use the toilet as the fire alarm went off.

"Everyone outside the castle," Professor McGonagall instructed.

"Excuse me Miss, please may I use the toilet?" Ginny asked.

"Miss Weasley, do you think the fire alarm has gone off as a joke, during the most important exam of the year?" McGonagall queried.

"No," Ginny sighed.

"Then follow your classmates, remaining in complete silence," McGonagall demanded.

Ginny bit her lip, before hobbling to join her classmates. She hopped around during the wait, holding her crotch and sweating furiously. All her water from earlier was now in her bladder, and she was now very desperate to use the facilities. After half an hour of waiting, they were told that there would be no break between the Defence against the Dark Arts exam and the potions exam. Ginny moaned, while her bladder almost gave up in protest. Ginny blushed and pushed her legs closer together. 

Ginny just about managed to finish her exam, but almost all her mind was now focused on not having an accident in front of everyone. It was when the papers were being collected in that she felt her first accident. Urine gained freedom, and a single drop fell onto her cotton panties. She audibly gasped, as her face turned beetroot red. All the potions equipment was now being prepared, and as Ginny stared into her cauldron, she could here the potion making a hissing noise, reminding her of the act of urination.

"Excuse me, professor Snape? I'm bursting for the loo, please can I be excused?" Ginny pleaded.

"You can, if you want your mark to be halved," Snape sneered.

"Never mind," Ginny replied, close to tears.

She tried her best to focus on making her potion, but her urethra was throbbing from the amount of pee stored up in her bladder. She hadn't been this desperate to pee since she was 13. Her brothers had dared her to drink a whole keg of Butterbeer before going on a long car journey. She was so bursting then that she ended up wetting her jeans in front of her extended family. Another spurt escaped, and she now wasn't even trying to hide it. Her left hand was lodged up her skirt to prevent more pee from leaking, while her eyes were filled with tears. 

Eventually she couldn't take it anymore. She could always retake the exam. Just as she was about to run out, her bladder finally gave way, releasing an almighty torrent of pee all over the floor. Ginny groaned very loudly at the relief of letting her pee escape, before bursting into tears at the realisation she had just pissed herself in front of the whole year. In pee soaked panties, Ginny got back to her exam, silently crying while mixing potions.

