WWE FanFiction: AJ Lee

Author: DespoDisciple

*000*2014-07-10 12:17

It was Thursday 10 July 2014. Vince McMahon had called a meeting with all of WWE's creative writers. When they arrived, he explained that he had come up with an idea that would make the WWE, and wrestling as a whole, a lot more popular than ever before.

"We scrap the PG crap and switch back to a style similar to the Attitude Era," he announced.

At first the writers were skeptical. All of the WWE's younger fans would leave. But Vince explained that that was the plan.

"Everyone except those fans have been complaining about the PG Era. So, we give them what they want. They're the fans that have been so loyal to us since day one. Once they hear the Attitude Era is back, the WWE will spread by word of mouth faster than you can say 'Screw Cena'."

After this, the writers started to embrace the idea.

Next, the Attitude Era's "release date" was discussed, and, shortly after, agreed upon.

"At SummerSlam, the Attitude Era will return."

This, however, was when Vince's real intentions became visible.

"And what better way to return to the Attitude Era than with a 5 vs 5 divas tag team match: in the traditional bikinis?"

The writers were all agreed. That would certainly grab the attention of the older WWE fans.

But, several days before SummerSlam, Vince thought to himself: "Why stop at seeing them in bikinis? Why not have a bit of extra fun with this?" So he came up with a great plan.

SummerSlam was just hours away from starting, and Vince decided he would become very hospitable with his female employees.

"Here! Have some coffee! You'll need it, what with SummerSlam not starting until late on in the night."

But there was one diva who had no idea that she was Vince's target: AJ Lee. What she hadn't seen was Mr. McMahon slip a diuretic into her coffee.

"This should be good," he thought to himself.

........

"And, making their way to the ring, the team of Natalya, Brie Bella, Nikki Bella, Aksana, and AJ Lee!"

The divas made their way to the ring, but it could be noticed that AJ was walking with an extra spring in her step. Sure, the fans were used to seeing her skipping her way to the ring, but this was more than skipping. She seemed a lot bouncier than ever before.

"What's wrong with me?" she asked herself. "I went to the bathroom before I got here. All I had was one coffee! Oh well... Surely I can hold a cup of coffee before this match is over?"

The match started with Natalya and Kaitlin as the legal wrestlers. AJ, along with her other team-mates, were left standing on the apron, near the bottom-right turnbuckle.

"AJ's looking very supportive, isn't she Cole?"

"She definitely is, King! She's bouncing with energy, cheering on Natalya against her bitter enemy!"

AJ, to her credit, disguised her predicament very well. She was bouncing very actively, screaming support for her team-mate. But, inside, she knew that her bouncing was necessary to keep her from embarrassing herself in front of WWE's now-massive crowd. The screaming was just a disguise, so she didn't look too noticeable when she was hopping from foot to foot. But Vince was watching her every move with delight.

In the ring, Kaitlin was unloading on Natalya, so Natalya tagged AJ in.

"Oh boy. Here goes nothing," she thought to herself.

AJ got into the ring slowly; carefully. She and Kaitlin exchanged blows until Kaitlin hit her with a suplex. AJ's muscles trembled with every move that Kaitlin hit her with as her bladder begged for relief. She gained momentum, hitting Natalya with a couple of clotheslines, but she found that, after every move, she needed to give herself a quick pinch in the crotch to keep control of herself. Kaitlin was lying on the ground, and AJ was standing in the corner of the ring, taunting her, and waiting for her to rise to her feet before hitting her with a body slam. But she felt a spurt. She had to bury both of her hands into her crotch and dance from foot to foot to keep her bikini dry.

"What on Earth's going on, King?!"

"I don't know, but I for one am enjoying it!"

Vince looked on from his office's TV and chuckled with pleasure.

"I'm with you on that one, Jerry," he said to himself.

Back in the ring, AJ managed to keep control of herself, but she couldn't wrestle any more, not in her situation. She tagged Brie Bella in, and took her place on the apron. The other divas looked confused, and Brie improvised by stomping on Kaitlin several times, but she then tagged AJ back in.

"I'm sorry, AJ. But we have to follow the script. You can hang on," she whispered.

"I-I don't think I can," AJ whimpered back.

Nevertheless, she returned to the ring, and stood with her legs crossed with a pained expression on her face as she waited in agony for Kaitlin to get up so she could hit her with the body slam. Eventually, she did, and Kaitlin was hit with a textbook manoeuvre.

"Very impressive from AJ there!"

"Impressive indeed, Cole!"

The match resumed for several minutes, and AJ began to grab her crotch with increasing obviousness. When the match was near its end, she had almost completely given up on trying to hide her problem, and just concentrated on retaining what was left of her dignity by keeping dry for the remainder of the match. There was one more move, and the match would be over. But then she remembered what that move was.

"King, Kaitlin's brought a ladder into the ring!"

"She's climbing to the top!"

"Oh no," AJ thought to herself.

Kaitlin jumped from the top of the ladder and drove her elbow straight into AJ's stomach. Landing, incidentally, right on her bladder. AJ braced herself all she could, but, once Kaitlin had delivered the move, she knew she had to pull out all the stops to prevent a huge humiliation. She crushed both of her hands into her crotch with all her strength, clamped her thighs together, and squirmed inside the ring. She somehow managed to keep her urine in. Kaitlin pinned her.

"1....2....3!"

It was over. Kaitlin's theme played, and she and her team-mates celebrated her victory. Meanwhile, AJ lay on the floor, on the verge of an accident. She managed to get herself backstage, and sprinted as fast as her bladder would allow her to the bathroom.

"Out of order"

"What?! Come on!"

"I'm sorry, AJ," Vince started. "I've got a guy in there to try and fix it, and it should be fixed again after about five minutes."

(Realism!)

"In the meantime, I suggest you go get changed. By the time you're done, the bathroom should hopefully be fixed."

AJ obliged, and went to her dressing room. She clenched her muscles with all her might as she kept her urine inside her bladder whilst she took off her bikini. She stripped successfully, but immediately felt a powerful contraction, and a resulting spurt. That was it.

She took off, running towards the bathroom.

"ARE YOU DONE YET?!" she cried in despair, drawing the attention of Vince and some other male wrestlers as she stood there, completely naked, hopping from one foot to the other, with one hand at her crotch and the other pounding on the door. But she couldn't stop the impending flood. It came out with an enormous burst, rushing through her fingers as it splattered all over the floor. After a few minutes, the flow subsided and became a trickle, until it stopped. AJ ran towards her dressing room with an expression of shame written across her face.

Vince had never seen anything like it. Finally, he had seen his fantasy unfold right before his very eyes. But he couldn't have imagined that it would be anything like this.

........

Thank you for reading my story. I hope you liked it, and I would appreciate it very much if you could give me some feedback. I apologise for anything unrealistic that occurred during the story (e.g. The diuretic probably worked with inaccurate speed). Do you have any suggestions for another story involving AJ and/or another diva? Again, thank you.

