Holding It In - The Desperation Contest

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-11-26 19:45

I was inspired by some of the comments on here with my latest story, 'Holding it In'

.

Here's one of the chapters just for you all...

The story so far...

Marie has invited her old school friends round for one last dare game before they all settle down and grow up. They flick through the book full of old dares, memories returning of the times they dared each other to pee in public. Marie is hoping that by the time they reach the end of the book, her friends will remember their old mutual obsession with desperation.

Perhaps they'll even be willing to recreate the time they decided whoever could hold in their pee the longest would get to take care of the dare book...

“Look at this one,” Kathy said, pointing at one of the last dares in the book. “Wet yourself in class. I remember that one.” She was shuffling on the spot, her desire to urinate growing stronger by the second.

I remembered it too. It was the starting spark of the obsession I’ve had ever since. “Did I tell you what happened afterwards?” I asked.

“No, all I remember was the rest of us being allowed to leave early.”

It was our last day, I was nineteen and had been at the college for two years. In that time my over riding desire had been to sleep with Mr Brown. He was a mature teacher, full of stories about the past and when he brought in the photos of himself in his youth, he’d been damn handsome. Now he was older, with a more craggy face but still with those good looks that the other teachers lacked.

When I’d been dared to wet myself I knew which class I would do it in. You might think I’d have refused to do it but our dare system was sacred. Whatever was written in there, we did. It was as simple as that, none of us wanting to be the one to break the chain.

Mr Brown’s class was the last one of our last day and although I usually at the back with Anna and Kathy, today I sat right at the front, facing his desk. My bladder was aching as I’d gone all day without peeing, building up to this moment.

I sat through the first half hour feeling the pressure growing, knowing I didn’t have much time to do this before the class ended. I had been squirming in my seat at I felt increasingly desperate, sitting on my hands and rocking in my chair. My Brown kept looking my way, glancing under the desk at my legs glued together but jiggling up and down.

I knew it was coming soon so I spread my knees a little, just enough to flash my panties. I waited for him to notice and when he did I spread them a bit wider, gradually slouching down in my chair so he could see down there properly.

He kept talking but his eyes were glued to the underneath of my desk as I ran my finger up my thigh and hooked the side of my panties, tugging them to one side and revealing my pussy. At that moment I let my bladder relax as his mouth opened in shock. It felt wonderfully naughty to piss like that in front of a roomful of people. Knowing I’d never see most of them again made it easier but it was still embarrassing to hear people whisper and giggle as they noticed what was happening.

I sighed loudly, the aching in my bladder fading away as a stream of pee trickled along my legs, dripping down to the floor. My fingers lost their grip on my panties which sprang back across my pussy. I couldn’t stop the flow of pee and it soaked through the thin fabric, warming my pussy as the strong smell of urine filled the room.

“Class dismissed,” Mr Brown said, trying to regain control of the situation. As the rest of the class filed out, Anna and Kathy the last to go, I stayed sat there, waiting for it to end. Finally the flow dried up and I stood up, getting ready to leave.

Mr Brown was in my way. “Hold on,” he said. “It’s your last day here and that’s how you say goodbye?”

“I’m sorry sir,” I replied. “If you want to punish me for it, you could always spank me.”

I lifted my skirt and bent over one of the desks, exhilarated with teasing him like this, knowing he dared not touch me, he’d lose his job over it. I heard a click and turned my head. He’d locked the classroom door, we were alone.

“Don’t move,” he whispered, pulling down the blinds so nobody could see in through the windows.

I stayed bent over, my heart racing as I wondered what was going to happen. I heard him coming to stand behind me, I could feel his eyes burning into my pee soaked knickers.

“You have been naughty,” he said, his voice quiet but firm. “And in my day you’d have been roundly spanked for something like this. I’d have made you remove your panties and I’d have slapped your bare bottom. Kind of like this.”

I gasped as my knickers were wrenched down to my ankles. There was a slight pause and a whoosh of air before his hand slammed down on my bottom. I leapt up, the pain of it racing through me alongside a tingling that grew in my clit and spread through me.

“What the fuck?” I asked, rubbing the redness on my cheeks.

“You asked me to spank you.”

“I did.” I bent back over, aware that we were going too far but unable to stop this now. I wanted to see just where things would go.

He spanked me again and this time I remained bent over. His hand stayed on my bottom, sliding over it before he slapped it again. Over and over he spanked me and each time he groped me for longer. Finally his hand stayed on my bottom, sliding between the crack of my cheeks as I pushed my hips back towards him.

There was a knock on the door but we both ignored it as his finger just began to reach my pussy. I was desperate for him to slide into me but he seemed to realise he’d gone too far.

“Pull your panties up,” he said as I moaned a complaint, dying for something in me, to be fucked by him. I could see his erection through his clothes, I knew he wanted me but the knock on the door had ruined the moment.

I stepped out of my panties and threw them at him. “A goodbye present,” I said as he unlocked the door. He didn’t seem to know what to do with them but as the door opened he hurriedly stuffed them into his pocket.

Anna leaned in through the door. “Everything okay?” she asked.

I didn’t answer until we were alone in the corridor. “It was, until you came along,” I snapped. “He was going to fuck me.”

“What, here?”

“Yes and your knocking put him off.”

“I’m sorry,” she replied as we walked out of the building for the last time.

“Well, I’ll get my own back on you with your next dare.”

Hope you liked the sneaky taste of the book, you can get the rest on amazon if you want to know how the story ends!

On a separate note if anyone has any names they'd like to see as characters in future stories feel free to give me some first and/or last names!

*003*2013-11-29 22:18

{{:

Is this the lady herself in the picture who is writing this ? Hummmm

}}

Not me I'm afraid but I often have that expression on my face and not just when writing!

*005*2013-12-04 14:26

{{:

Hummmm from the UK I see.

}}

That's right although the stats on lunaswift.com show visitors finding me from all over the world, I always wonder how people in Cuba or Indonesia find my books in the first place!

*008*2013-12-08 11:35

{{:

The little bit of the story you shared, I quite enjoyed.

I'm curious to know where you come up with your book covers. I was thinking about trying to publish an Omorashi story on Amazon, but don't even know what to do with it once it's on there.

}}

I've got a couple of pointers for you. Firstly download the free photoshop equivalent called Gimp

. It's great for book covers but you can just use mspaint if you want to start out really simple.

Check out my latest blog post here which shows you my newest book cover and links to a gimp beginners tutorial to get creating book covers.

It's a more traditional romance book so I've published it under a different author name (Amelia Fox) to distinguish it from my watersports books.

You can see the completed book cover (took around two hours to produce) on amazon here

.

Have a look at other book covers out there on amazon to find out what works and what doesn't and to choose the styles you'd like to use.

You can get free stock images to work from here, you just need to credit the photographer when you publish. You can also purchase very good images from fotalia from around 12p per photo but then they are yours to use royalty free forever.

Lastly if you see my post about getting your stories on amazon here

, there's links in that post to the guides to help you publish, including my own!

