Devilish counseling

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-04-10 12:24

Part one of the story:

Please let me know if you think it's worth continuing this story. I'm not sure if anyone would be interested.

Devilish Counseling Session with a High School Student-omo.pdf

Devilish Counseling Session with a High School Student-omo.doc

I do like these formats because of paragraphing, so sorry if you don't like pdf or doc files, but the stories are more easily readable that way.

Devilish Counseling Session with a High School Student-omo.doc

*002*2011-04-10 21:14

{{:

It has potential, but it raises many questions after reading it. Also, aside from Amy talking about her past experiences, there's not much Omorashi in it at the moment.

}}

Yes, I am aware that I'm building it up rather slowly.

It will have some... but I'm not sure how people feel about the build up... and if this is actually a very interesting story or not. I don't want to rush it, but I am planning on working on it some today, then hope I can post it before long.

*005*2011-04-19 10:20

Part Two:

Word and PDF file

Still not finished yet...

Feels a little rushed though <_<:(

DCS Part Two.doc

DCS Part Two.pdf

*006*2011-04-20 06:27

Here is the finale part of this story... unless you would like to know what happens after wards.

There are three total parts

Part 1

Part 2

Chapter 2 part 2

Enjoy the whole story, if you can.

DCS Chapter Two part two.pdf

DCS Chapter Two part two.doc

