First of my fictions (World of Stars)

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2013-05-08 23:29

This is my first fiction don't judge

"Mom please, hurry up." Night exclaimed frustrated. " Dear you know as well as I do the medical illness in my knee has made it almost impossible for me to walk faster" Sierra replied. Night sighed. She hasn't seen her friend for two years. Ever since they moved from Izera (I zErr a). Into the magically wonder city of Star Forge. Night is 14 years old light brown hair pale eyes from being color blind after the accident she seems to always where black but today she desired to wear tight light blue jeans, black skeleton tee and black shoes.

As they arrived at Star Forge Night was excited as a kid her age can be, when she heard "Night! Over here!" it was her friend Frost. "Frost! Mom can I go! PLEASE!" Night shouted " Alright Night, You know what room we are staying at ri....." Sierra was interrupted by Night running off to see frost. Frost is 14 years old also A cup breast, Silver hair that reflects sunlight and always would wear Silver or White so Night could see her. " Frost.... you look as pale as ever" Night teased "HA! yeah and you look as dark as always." Frost replied casually "So where are we going?" asked Night " Lets go to Riverdell Forest its sure to be.... a wet experience for one of us at least." Frost replied with a mischievous grin.

LATER THAT DAY

"FROST, I've gotta pee please can we go back!" Night Exclaimed "No not right now I got to show you something!" Frost replied looking at her crotch. They have been in the forest for two hours now and Night looked very desperate to go. " We are almost there anyway Night trust me" Frost said

"Ahh!" Night yelled as suddenly she was tied to the tree! A ferocious looking Weversalk ( we ver salk)was looking at her with a intent in mind! Night being unable to grab her crotch knew that her control would fail.

" Frost please! hurry and kill it!" She exclaimed desperately. Weversalks are usually nocturnal creatures that live in the Riverdell Forest they walk like we do and use tools to tie people to trees to get them after they starve to death if attacked they have lightning fast reflexes and is extremely deadly with its claws. Frost is just a trained fighter with her blade ironically named blizzard she is twice as deadly as any weversalks.

They fought and Frost when all hope was lost stabbed straight through the creature heart killing it then rushing to her friends aid.

( couldn't think of good combat dialog sorry)

OMORASHI

" Frost hurry I'm about to pee it hurts I might just let it go now!" Night said crying " Don't do that Night" Frost said comfortably as she grabbed her friend's crotch. with her not primary hand and sawed at the ropes with her primary hand. "Uhhh" Night said as she felt her friends hand grab her sensitive pussy through her clothes.

"Frost It's coming!" Night yelled as a little bit of urine escaped.Frost who was sawing away and felt her hand get a little warmer and saw her friends crotch area get darker. "Night hold on" she said as she pushed her hand a little bit harder against her friends crotch. Frost knew if Night wet herself then she would too. Frost had been barely able to hold herself during the battle. Night started to cry harder as she lost control all together and the warm, golden urine flowed like a river onto her friends careful hand. Frost then looked up and locked eyes with night who was crying now uncontrollably in her wet pants the dark spot has grown from her crotch all down the tree and onto the forest floor. With a final mighty cut Frost cut the wet Night out of the tree and she fell right onto Frost. The sudden falling knocked Frost onto the ground and made her lose control also wetting her Silver pants turning them into a pale white.

Pt 2 will be them going home

