Johnny & Pablo - Gym Class Desperation (fiction, some sexual content)

Author: DaveGAZ

*000*2015-09-05 05:20

Hi everyone.. I wrote this story (and a couple more) a while back and had posted on WetPantsBoy. I thought I would share them with you all. Hope you like it. :) I'm no professional writer, but I did my best, lol.

High school senior, Johnny woke up Tuesday morning for school.. He awoke with an erection and had to pee pretty bad. He immediately jumped out of bed and went into the bathroom.

He dropped his shorts and turned on the shower. The rushing water made him grab himself and squeeze his legs together. He quickly finished adjusting the temperature and jumped in the tub.

He relaxed and let the piss flow out of him into the tubs drain...

"Ahh....."

He had always needed to pee more than the other guys at school, usually going to the bathroom every hour-and-a-half to two hours, always between classes.

He got out of the shower and finished getting dressed. He just put on a long, white t-shirt and black basketball shorts and basketball shoes. He grabbed his bag, and the 32-ounce bottle of water he normally carried with him throughout the day. He left his house and walked half a block to his bus stop, arriving at 7:30 AM right when the bus pulled up. He got on the bus and went to the back and sat with his friend, Pablo. He didn't seem as relaxed as usual.

"Hey dude," Johnny said.

"Hey.." Hey Pablo said quickly. Johnny asked him what's wrong. "I forgot to take my morning piss." Johnny laughed a bit. Pablo knew that Johnny was into pee desperation and knew that it might turn him on. Johnny put his backpack on his lap to conceal the erection he was already getting. The bumpy bus ride only Pablo feel worse. He gently grabbed himself through his basketball shorts. Johnny kept sneaking glances.

The bus pulled into the school parking lot at 8:00 AM and both boys got off. They both immediately made their way to the locker room to hang out for a bit. There was nobody else in there. John and Pablo walked over the urinals and whipped both their dicks out of their basketball shorts and started peeing. John looked over at Pablo's uncut dick, the piss flowing out of it and hitting the urinal wall. Pablo knew Johnny was gay, but didn't mind him watching, as long as he didn't touch. They were best friends.

They hung out with their other friends while waiting for 1st period to start at 8:45. They were lucky enough to have all their classes together. 1st class was History. At 9:50 they were all busy doing bookwork and chatting while the teacher sat typing at his computer. Johnny started to feel a little pressure in his bladder as he started to need to pee again.

He looked around at the few buff athletes that were always trying to stay hydrated, carrying big jugs of water around with them all day. He wondered how they were able to hold their pee as long as they do.

He asked one of the football players and he replied, "It's not that hard for me to hold it. You should try it."

Johnny thought about it for a second then looked at Pablo, and replied, "Alright." And he grabbed his full 32 ounce bottle of water, which is also the same amount he knew he could pee if his bladder was completely full. He opened the cap and started chugging it. He finished the whole bottle and the football player reached in his bag and pulled out another 20 ounce bottle of water and dared Johnny to drink that too and hold it until lunch (11:50).

Pablo asked Johnny if he was sure he wanted to do that. Johnny knew his bladder could not hold that much for another hour and a half, as the 10:15 bell was about to ring. But as horny as he was getting from the idea of the desperation, he decided to go for it. He took the 20 ounce bottle and quickly chugged it all a few seconds before the bell rang. The football player laughed a little as he stood up and walked out of the class, carrying his half-full half-gallon jug. Johnny already felt a bit of pressure in his bladder, as this is the time he would usually go pee before going to 2nd period, which was Gym class.

As Pablo and Johnny walked across campus toward the gym. Pablo said, "You know what, I think I'm gonna try to hold it with you so you're not alone, hehe. I already gotta pee anyway, so this should be fun..." Pablo and Johnny went by the vending machine and Pablo got 3 big 20-ounce bottles and immediately started chugging the first one. He barely finished it as they entered the classroom next to the gym. Then he started chugging the second one when they sat down and finished it as the coach finished taking attendance. Johnny was starting to feel a little more surge of pressure from his bladder as leaned forward and back slightly.

He knew he made a mistake. Meanwhile, the football player from 1st period was sitting one row up, chugging the rest of his half-gallon jug. At 10:30 the coach dismissed the boys to go change in the locker rooms. He said today was free gym/field day, meaning the students could go out and play football or hang out in the gym. They went into the locker room as Pablo finished the 3rd bottle water and started undressing. Johnny and Pablo took off their shirts. Johnny could that his bladder was already expanding outward a little bit. He could see that Pablo's was expanding a bit more, but Pablo always had better bladder control than Johnny.

"Damn, I gotta piss," Johnny said to Pablo.

"Yeah, me too," Pablo said, with a slightly worried look on his face. "I actually don't think I'll make it to the end of class this time."

"I KNOW I won't make it," replied Johnny.

"Bet I can hold it longer than you," Pablo told Johnny.

Johnny, standing there in his boxers, Pablo in briefs, looked at him and said, "You're on."

At about 10:45 they went out onto the gym floor and started shooting hoops with some of the guys. They were able to keep their minds of their quickly filling bladders for about 25 minutes or so. Then Johnny squeezed his legs together and hunched over a little. A big wave of water and pressure just hit inside of him. He looked over at Pablo and saw him standing with his legs crossed and his hands in front his penis. They sat down on a bench next to each other.

"I gotta pee," Johnny said.

"Me too," replied Pablo. "All that water just ran right through me." They looked up at the clock. 11:15. "Think you can hold it another 35 minutes?"

"No! I can barely stand up straight right now," Johnny exclaimed. They both got up and walked out the door and into the empty locker room. The old shower heads were leaky and dripped onto the tile floor, echoing through the whole locker room. Pablo and Johnny sat down on a bench. Johnny looked at Pablo and started to get hard as he watch Pablo cross his legs and start bouncing them. Johnny was starting to starting to sweat, and so was Pablo. He knew that any minute he would start leaking. Pablo stood up and revealed that he had a boner in his shorts. Johnny then felt it. The first spurt as he stood up, bent over his hands grabbing his dick. Pablo was standing with his legs crossed and one hand in his shorts holding his hard dick.

Just then the big football player burst into the locker room door with a panicked look on his sweaty face. He was slightly bent over and clearly about to pee his pants. But when he saw Johnny and Pablo, he walked over to them while holding himself.

"You guys gotta pee?" he asked.

"Yeah," Pablo and Johnny replied. the clock on the wall read 11:30.

"Ha, I can wait longer than you losers," the football player replied. They all stood around the lockers grabbing themselves and fidgeting. But then Pablo moaned and a spurt of pee sprayed through his mesh shorts. He then bolted to the bathroom, which was in a separate room attached to the locker room. But when he pushed the door, it wouldn't open. Pablo came back over and told us.

Just then the football player said, "Oh, no.." and his shorts started turning dark, and the trickle of clear piss hit concrete floor, accompanied by the sound of it hissing inside the tall, muscular football player's light gray shorts. He just stood there, with the flood gates wide open, with his pee running a few feet into one of the locker room drain holes. This was too much for Johnny. He felt a short spurt, but he couldn't hold it back, and just decided to let it go. His black shorts shone with the wetness, and the piss ran down his hairy legs and onto the floor, forming a puddle around him. Pablo, still hunched over and holding his dick for dear life, let out another spurt, then just dropped his shorts to the floor and started peeing on the floor. He let out a huge sigh of relief.

They all looked at each other with red faces. Then Pablo smiled and cheerfully said, "I won!"

Pablo, Johnny, and even the football player got boners from all of this. They decided that they should shower before the rest of the students come back in. So they all stripped down completely naked, put their soaked gym shorts and shirts in their lockers and went to the showers. Johnny decided that he should pee some more before he goes to lunch, so he relaxed and started peeing in the shower. He looked over and saw that Pablo and the football player were both peeing more as well. They all had drank more water than their bladders could hold. Johnny was so horny and was about to cum, so he turned his back to them and started jacking off. But then the football player started to jack off, and then Pablo decided to join in. So they all turned and faced each other as there was no point in hiding it. Then Johnny came harder than he ever had in his life, followed shortly by Pablo and the football player.

They finished showering and went back to lockers and got dressed, just as the first of the rest of the students started walking through the locker room doors. The coach came in behind them and unlocked the bathroom door. Johnny and Pablo just looked at each other. Then the bell rang. 11:50, time for lunch. They walked out toward the cafeteria and Johnny smiled and asked Pablo, "Hey, do you wanna some iced teas?"

Pablo replied, "Sure."

