Saori's Master and Love

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2012-07-23 00:12

Story was originally a RP co-written by myself and Ishigreensa. The full RP (which is still ongoing) can be found at: http://omorashi.org/...47-saoris-love/

If people here (in the stories forum) express an interest I'll continue to post chapters as we come to good breaking points in the narrative. You will see a ### mark every time the author (and usually the perspective) switches. That was the easiest way to convert this into story form without doing a bunch of editing to clarify the dialog sections.

Ishigreensa is playing the role of Saori and I play the role of James.

CHAPTER ONE

Saori had lived in America for about five years, so mostly she could make herself understood, and she understood mostly what everyone else was saying, especially her husband of about two years? She had blue-black hair that hung down to her shoulders, but she rarely let if just drift loosely. She preferred to keep it tied up in a bun or in braids which were then wrapped in circular patterns much like Princess Leah in Star Wars.

She still didn't really talk to many people except her very small circle of Japanese friends and those people that her husband introduced her to though. She had little confidence for getting a job on her own because her English Accent made her nervous about whether others could really understand her or not.

Saori was about five foot two and about a hundred pounds or just a little over it. Her chests were not much larger than a B, and some might even mistaken them for an A. She had nice developed biceps and thighs however from her days in high school playing volleyball. She used to be really good at sports, and despite her short size, she could surprise an opponent at the net with her ability to jump and just reach enough over it that she could 'touch' the ball for what was her best attempt at a 'slam!'

Now, she had only one person that she lived for. The man would soon be home from work, and she still had to finish getting his dinner ready. The only thing on her mind was doing just that.

###

James stared intently at his screen. Why was the algorithm failing before processing all the data? There shouldn't be any way… ah ha… that was it. He quickly rearranged a few lines of code and ran the test again. This time there were no errors. Perfect. This was a great point to stop and call it a day.

James glanced at the corner of his screen for the time and smiled. He imagined his girl Saori would be cooking their dinner about now. Pulling out his cell phone he quickly skimmed her texts from the day. It had been a while since she had last asked his permission to visit the little girls room. She had gone for a long walk this afternoon and it was quite hot out today. Surely she'd had at least a bottle or two of water to drink while walking.

He closed his eyes and imagined her dancing around the kitchen squirming and periodically stopping to squeeze her legs together tightly as a wave of urgency would hit. He could faintly smell something delicious in the air coming from the stove. Was it salmon? Suddenly Saori bent sharply at the waste and made that cute little squeeking sound she always did when she had to go badly. He could tell it was getting bad.

"Smells delicious, but when are those TRS reports going to be ready for my review James?"

James looked across the table at his boss Mike. WTF? He didn't remember inviting Mike to dinner. He glanced back to the stove to ask Saori but his co-worker Travis was standing there instead wearing Saori's cooking apron. "Yes, dear, would you like some ketchup with your TRS reports?"

What was happening to him? "James, those TRS reports?" repeated Mike.

James eyes snapped open to find Mike standing at the door to his office. The savory smell coming from the stove and Saori were both gone. Thankfully so was Travis. He shook his head from side to side quickly. A day dream.

"They'll be ready on time, I promise", he replied as he stood to leave. Damn TRS reports. Sometimes he really hated this job. He slipped on his jacket as Mike disappeared from the doorway. Likely on his way to harass someone else about their TRS reports.

Five minutes later James was on his way home. It was time to get Saori out of his head and into his arms. He smiled again at the thought of her waiting for him.

###

Soari loved James more than anything, and it had been a long afternoon. She had not actually texted him anything in awhile, but had gone shopping to get the things she needed for making his favorite meal. She had spent nearly an hour and a half shopping because of half off sales and other annoying cues that drew crowds to the supermarket. Don't get her wrong, she liked the deals as much as anyone else, but she knew she had to get home and start dinner soon when she was there, and it made her scared she would not finish in time.

Still, as she looked at the clock, wondering if she was going to make it, she noted that she only had ten minutes left to get James's meal on time, and that he was surely going to be tired and in need of something to help calm him from his hard day. She looked at her uncooked meat, and knew that if she went to the bathroom, she would definitely not be ready for him. She had to wait.

She started frying the meat, and just as she put the plates on the table, she saw that the clock had struck his six-fifteen dinner time. He would surely be walking through the door at that very minute. she crossed her legs as she set the plates down and looked hopefully to the door wanting to greet him before she disappeared into the bathroom. It wasn't that he wouldn't let her go before hand or be angry, or so she thought. But it would be so nice for him to see that she cares enough about him that when he comes in, she is right there for him.

###

James pulled into the garage and took off his shades placing them gently into the sunglass holder. He was thankful traffic has been light as he was quite hungry. At the back of his mind he wondered why his little girl had not texted in a while. Had she forgotten again that she was supposed to keep him informed constantly of her whereabouts and what she was doing? Surely not.

As he walked in he could smell the delicious aroma he had only imagined earlier. He saw Saori crossing her legs tightly as she finished placing the plates on the table. Yep, it looked like she did need to visit the little girls room after all.

He walked quickly over and picked her up in his arms giving her a big squeeze and then a soft kiss on the cheek. At exactly six-feet tall he knew she loved how much taller than her he was and he would take every opporuntity to make sure she didn't forget. He was her big teddy bear and she was his sweet little girl.

He remembered that he needed to talk to her (perhaps even discipline her) about why she had not texted more frequently today. They had been together long enough that she knew what was expected of her - and also knew what was in store if she did not do as she was told; but first he needed to get out of these dress clothes and into something more comfortable.

"Go ahead and have a seat, young lady. I'm going to slip on some shorts and a t-shirt then I'll be right back to join you. Also, there is something we need to talk about regarding your behavior today." He said that last bit with the stern tone he reserved for only when she was in trouble. He figured he would let her stew about it for a few minutes while he changed.

###

She was going to ask to use the bathroom while he was out of the room, but when he suddenly mentioned her behavior, which she didn't recall doing anything wrong, she bit her lip suddenly scared to ask him. Not only would he say no, but he would probably think she was trying to hide from the scolding or whatever else he wanted to do about whatever she had done.

She sat at the table, patiently waiting as much as she could, but she was already moving her legs together and banging her knees together. She was way too old to be in this predicament, but here she was, and she really hoped she didn't disappoint him any further by wetting her loose fitting jeans which was worn with her purple shirt. She watched the clock, hoping he'd hurry. She was scared she might not last too long.

Looking over at the stove, the food ready to serve on it, wondering if he wanted her to dish it out yet, or if he wanted it warm. She squirmed not sure which was better to do, but surely he wouldn't take too long? What could she do? She wanted to do it right. AT the risk of disobedience, she walked to the bedroom door and knocked on it.

"Honey? Do you want it dished out when you get out, or do you want me to wait so it will be warm?" she squirmed and held herself between her legs as she asked. The door was still closed at the moment, so he couldn't see her trying to keep from wetting, and she was glad. She wanted him to see her as an adult right now, not as a little kid about to wet herself.

###

James finished changing just as he heard Saori speaking from the other side of his door. He opened the door quickly and must have startled her because she jumped. She recomposed herself hastily but he had not missed her hand smashed between her legs trying hard to keep from peeing herself. He had seen it before, though he was not sure Saori knew this. My my, the predicaments his little girl would get herself into. He smiled despite being upset at her lack of texting.

"Please go ahead and plate the food now, and then sit down as you were told, young lady." he said in a tone a bit more neutral than earlier.

He followed her back into the kitchen and took his seat at the head of the table. He watched her half walk, half shuffle over to the stove. He pulled out his phone and reviewed their texting history again.

"Dear…" he slowly drifted off while composing his thoughts. "…please explain to me why I only have a single text from you in the last several hours. You know you are supposed to text several times an hour and keep me constantly informed."

"Yet I have a single text telling me you are enjoying your afternoon walk and then nothing after that…"

"Why?..." He looked over to her the disapproval showing clearly in his eyes.

###

She gulped as she shuffled back to the table taking tiny steps almost scared that a bigger step would cause a leak to start.

"I was shopping for your food," she whispered. "I had to get home before you got off of work because I wanted to get your dinner for you, and there was a mad sale there that kept me for like two hours! I was trying to find time to text you, but every time I pulled my phone out to do so, someone in back of me poked my back and made me move forward. Honestly, I tried to text you, and then I got out of the store, and seeing what time it was, your dinner and trying to make you happy was the only thing on my mind."

She was half whining, partly in pleading with him that he would understand that she wanted to get home, but also partly because she was scared that if he spanked her, she woudl wet her pants right then.

"I'm really sorry," she whispered.

###

"That is no excuse young lady. You should have made the time to text. You should have texted when you arrived at the store. If you couldn't text in line, then text after you left the line. If taking a few minutes to text and inform me is going to make my dinner late then you did not give yourself enough time to shop in the first place."

James looked over at Saori still standing on her side of the table with her legs squeezed tight and bent slightly at the waste.

"Now sit down and eat your dinner before it gets cold."

"After we finish dinner you will go straight to the corner for 20 minutes. Is that understood young lady?"

He smiled as he wondered how this would play out. Would she even be able to make it thru dinner without leaking? If so, surely 20 minutes alone in the corner would be too much for her poor little bladder to handle. She usually did not hold herself unless she was truly desperate, and she had been holding herself outside his door only a few minutes ago.

He took the first bite of the dish she had prepared and immediately found a second reason he would be enjoying dinner, though it came as no surprise - Saori was a great cook when she applied herself.

###

With tears in her eyes, she nodded and started to eat.

She took two bites, and immediately put her left hand back in the crotch of her jeans her legs starting to jiggled and her knees knocking at each other.

What could she do? She couldn't wet at the table, that would be disgraceful, even more so than even doing it. It wasn't sanitary! Her head felt hot, and sweat started to form at her hairline on the left side of her face.

She was not moving back and forth in her chair even as he knees banged and her butt wiggled. She was scared that at any moment...

A little squirt did slip out pulling through her insides like a needle pulls thread through cloth! It felt painful, buring, and then moist as the little bit of water dampened her lavender panties. She was going to do it, and if she did, she might get a spanking. Her eyes were wide in terror and starting to leak tears as she tried to clamp her hand tight against her privates. She didn't want to wet her pants. Please no!

Gasp... gasp... gasping, she continued shifting as she tried to take another bite.

Spurt... drip drip drip spurt... she felt her hand starting to get a little damp.

Her eyes were starting to leak more.

Uh... uh... uh..... uh..uh..uh... uh.... uh.... uh.. uh.. uh... ah....!

And then she started to cry as a bit more poured through her muscles making them burn and her face get redder! She was doing it. She still had to go, but already, the crotch was wet.

###

James continued to eat while keeping a close eye on Saori. It seemed she was having a very hard time coping. He could hear her knees knocking together under the table. She had barely started eating before plunging her hand back between her legs. He couldn't see that, but he assumed from how quickly her hand had left the table and the expresion on her face that is where it was headed.

She was starting to make her little gasping noises and beginning to cry. He wasn't sure but imagined she had likely started leaking in her panties by this point. He hadn't heard any pee splashing on the floor yet, so she was still obviously maintaing some degree of control.

Not wanting to seem completely insensative yet also not wanting to make it known that he was aware of her full predicament - he decided to pretend as if her behavior was merely about the corner time he had assigned.

"Young lady, it's only 20 minutes, and you know I'm letting you off easy… and yet you are crying like a little girl? I could have chosen to give you a spanking. Would you like a spanking instead of corner time? So lets stop crying about it and eat your dinner like an adult."

James knew that more than anything she wanted him to perceive her as an adult, that's why he had included the last part. After telling her to stop acting like a little girl and to behave like an adult it would be much harder for her to find a way to admit to him she was about to wet herself without seeming even more childish.

Or perhaps she would work up the courage and find a way to admit her need to him? He wouldn't bet on it, but nothing would surprise him at this point.

One of the things he loved about her was how she never seemed to learn that part of being the big girl she so desperately wanted to be involved letting him know when she needed the little girls room. Instead she would often do her best to hide it from him or try and wait as long as possible before bringing it up. Often it would get her in difficult situations. Sometimes he could almost see the gears turning inside her head... should she tell him or ask permission to be excused... and then she'd mention an entirely different topic. In the end she would wind up leaking (or worse), being punished, and apologize sincerely... but she never seemed to learn. Oh what a special girl she was. James smiled warmly at her from across the table.

###

Saori was getting more and more scared by the minute. Pretty soon, she was going to lose complete control, and James already disappointed in her. She tried to control her gasps, but she couldn't. She had to pee too badly, and her left hand was holding her wet crotch as hard as she could even pushing in at it to try to keep it from doing further damage. Her right hand shook as she brought it up to her mouth, but suddenly, another squirt, a very long and intensely difficult to stop one slid into her panties and soaked through them, warmed her hand, and then wet the chair under her. If she leaked one more time, she was going to go all over the floor.

"I... I..." she was breathing hard trying to keep from wetting. "I... I... um... I'll be good," her face was red hoping he wouldn't spank her even though she knew she was losing the battle and that she was going to wet again...

P...o....u....r! P...o...u...r! P...o...u...r....! Three times, water gushed through her privates spreading her tubing wider and wider and then there was the sound of water on wood as the chair started to overflow.

P...0...u...R! She felt a fourth large pool of water escape, and finally she had let out enough that it was controllable again, and her muscles closed off the rest that was inside.

Her face was crimson, her heart was racing, and her brain was resigned to being treated like a child as she had yet again disappointed him and peed her pants.

###

James continued to eat all the while keeping a very close eye on Saori. She seemed barely able to speak as she assured him she would be a good girl. Somehow he doubted that - unless she asked for his permission in the next… *splash*

He heard the unmistakable sound of fluid hitting the hard wood floor just

As Saori's face turned a very unflattering dark shade of red. He could see the fear and apprehension on her face. How should he respond to this accident? Loving and gentle or harsh and disapproving? He decided that right now he would not respond at all.

James took another bite of this food and pretended not to notice. After all, he couldn't see it, it was possible she might think he had a lot on his mind from work… If he said nothing she might believe he hadn't noticed it and would be left with the even more embarassing job of admitting it to him that she had peed herself like a young child. She would have to do something before she stood up to leave the table where he assumed it would be obvious for all to see her wet pants.

He decide to leave the ball in her court and instead prompt her just a little, but not too much.

"You look a little flushed, dear, are you allright? How was your walk in the park today?"

That should do it. Just enough room for her to have a chance to admit her accident but also a possibility to completely avoid the subject and continue to try and hide it from him. He wondered if she might actually try and find a way to leave the table without him finding out. That would be a fun game for her to try and play.

"You've hardly touched your water. Have something to drink."

He knew she would want to avoid putting more fluids in her system but doubted she would work up the courage to ask to not drink. After all what could she say against drinking some water on a hot day without revealing her situation and exactly what had just transpired?

###

Saori took another careful bite of her food when he started to ask if anything was wrong and how her day at the park had been. She swallowed it so she could answer, though her nervous voice was hard to miss.

"I... I'm kind of okay," she said. "Just so much to do from ealiah, and a little scared of going to the corner for a long time. You know how sometimes my legs give out when I've been standing all day."

In her mind, she was trying to find a way to hide her accident, and even if just to keep him from noticing until her punishment was over, and she could change into pajamas, maybe he wouldn't know she had wet her pants. She saw the apron over at the counter, and she looked down at her dishes on the table. He mentioned the water, but she pretended not to hear that. She didn't want to drink anything, and she didn't want him to think she was being disobedient, so the best thing was to pretend she didn't notice what he had said.

She stood up carefully from the table, keeping only her front to him, with her legs closed and still wiggling a little so he would think she still had to use the bathroom badly. It was a good excuse to keep her legs closed, and so hard to see. And then she had an idea. She 'accidentally' dumped the water on herself as she started to get up, causing it to spill on her pants where she let a little more pee out, and all over the floor. More than half of the water bottle emptied, and with all the water coming down on her, she could finish wetting her pants without him really knowing if it was the water or her peeing.

She stood up completely and looked over at him.

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I guess I was just nervous because you are going to punish me?"

She took her plate to the sink, her pants now sticking to her butt and legs. At least she didn't have to pee anymore, and she hoped that she wouldn't be in as much trouble for spilling water which she could clean up as she would have been if she had been noticed peeing her pants. She still squirmed and kept her legs closed together to give the appearance that she still had to go. She even bent at the waist for his benefit trying to pretend her best that she had to go, but she took her plate to the sink and washed it.

"I'm going to wash the dishes before you put me in the corner so your kitchen will be clean for you," she smiled nervously at him.

###

Wow. This time James was the one who was startled. He certainly had not expected Saori to spill water all over herself in an attempt to hide her accident. He had guessed she might try to slip right into her apron after dinner, thereby preventing him from getting a look at her crotch and the sizeable wet spot he knew would be waiting there. But not this.

He opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out… he was actually speechless. If she had hoped to avoid trouble this was the last thing she should have done. It was one thing to try and avoid telling him just a little longer, but another thing to try lie about it and try to avoid telling him all-together. That would not fly in this household.

"Young lady, get your ass over here right now." he said; the frustration and disappointment now impossible to miss in his voice. He pointed at a spot on the floor directly in front on him indicating to Saori where he expected her to stand.

He took one last drink from his own glass of water then stood up straight and waited for her to approach.

"Is there something you really need to tell me, young lady?"

He stood there waiting in complete silence to see if she would use this one last opportunity to be honest about what had happened.

###

"Um..." she writhed on the spot, as much from nervousness as from trying to pretend she still needed to pee. "I... " and she started to break into tears.

She had not meant to make his that disappointed. She had hoped he would let it go without question, but the tone of his voice made her feel like he already knew what really happened. She trembled, and tried to stop writhing in an attempt to let him notice. She was scared to say the words, but she knew she couldn't avoid him finding out. She shook as she stood there, tears in her eyes.... she nodded at him. She wanted to tell him, but she was too scared and nervous. Would he hit her or do some other punishment for wetting her pants? Would he talk down at her like she was two? Her eyes stung as tears fell from them.

In the lowest voice possible, she whispered. "I peed my pants."

Then she cringed and took a step back shaking and apprehensive about what he was going to do or say. "I told you," she said in the same low voice. "The supermarket was so crowded, I didn't even get to go bathroom and then to start your dinner. I did leave to go there very early," she was sobbing now. "I left here at two, and you get home a 6:15. I usually have a lot of time if I do that. I didn't know they had a sale going on until I got there."

Her stomach ached, and her body shook as she waited for his 'death sentence.'

###

James started to speak keeping his tone even and measured.

"You peed your pants, did you? How old are you young lady? We've been over this before. When you need the little girls room you need to inform me and ask permission to be excused. I knew you needed to go when I saw you squeezing your legs when I arrived home. I was sure of it when I caught you holding your yourself like a toddler when I opened the door to my room and surprised you."

"Your behavior during dinner made it obvious you were slowly losing control and peeing yourself. You should have known better than to think you could hide that from me, dear. I know you and your bladder too well."

"But… I was waiting for you to tell me. Big girls let someone know when they need the potty before they pee their pants… you want to be a big girl, don't you? Why didn't you tell me when you had to go when I first got home, or before we sat down for dinner, or after we sat down?"

###

With tears in her eyes, she looked down.

In the smallest voice possible, she squeezed out the words.

"I thought you already knew I had to go, so since you didn't let me go, I thought I had to hold it."

She shook as she stood there, cringing when he used the words young lady, toddler, and peeing herself. Of course she wanted to be a big girl, and that's why she was trying to hold it when he was obvious about not letting her go. She was sure he had wanted her to hold it until after dinner, and the thought that she couldn't hold it long enough was embarrassing, and when she started to wet... well, that was really embarrassing, and she didn't want to tell him that she was wetting. She was already in trouble.

"You know I had to go, right?" she shook. "Why... why did you let me hold it and think I have to wait?" she whispered. "I thought you wanted me to... because... your dinner was more important."

Tears fell down her face.

###

"Stop it" James said, a hint of irritation in his voice.

"You know better than that. This is not the first time you've had an accident. This is not the first time we've had this discussion - don't pretend it is. You know when you need to potty you need to TELL me, even if you think I already know. Big girls tell someone when they need to potty, they don't just wait for whoever they are with to guess while they slowly pee their pants."

"Dinner is important, but so is needing the potty. It's not your job to guess what I want - esp when you've been told not to do that with the potty. You should have told me as soon as I walked in the door that you needed to pee really bad and perhaps I would have taken you to the potty myself."

"I think you know peeing yourself at the dinner table is trouble enough but on top of that you tried to lie to me about it by spilling water on yourself. I think you know what lying plus wetting yourself means…."

James sat back down in his chair and slowly unbuttoned Saori's wet pants. He unzipped them and pulled them down to her knees and then pulled down her panties as well. He could smell the pee as he pushed her gently over his knee. He rested his hand on her ass cheek for a moment before beginning. It was still damp from her accident. That was going to make this hurt even worse.

"If you need the potty you tell me" He raised his hand and brought it down fast and firm twice. He could feel the sharp sting on his own hand as it made contact with her wet ass. He didn't understand how people did this with a blunt piece of wood. How would you judge the right force if you couldn't feel the smack on your own skin?

"You do not wet yourself at my dinner table". He brought his hand down fast once more.

"You are a big girl now. Big girls have to learn to hold their pee. Even if they have been holding a long time they do not pee their pants." His hand came down fast for the 4th and 5th times.

"And above all else you never, ever lie to me." *smack* *smack* *smack* After the 8th smack he leaned back in his chair composing his thoughts and thinking if there was more that needed to be said.

"Tell me what you have learned young lady".

###

After the Third slap on her bottom, she started to sob from embarrassment and from the feeling of disappointing James. By the fifth swat, her bottom was on fire, and she jerked violently. Then, when he finally finished, she could not stand still for the stinging of his hand. She laid there waiting for permission to move while she contemplated his question to her. 'tell me what you have learned young lady.'

Sniffling, gently pushing up so her teary eyes could look up at his face, but still staying across his lap until she had permission to move, she shivered and sobbed out her response.

"Doe...don't rdie to a James. Don't wait if I teru, maybe James take me at the bassroom...." she heaved. "Don't spiru water when it is rie about pee on a pants."

Saori shivered as she waited for him to say anything that she had forgotten. It was likely that she had because seh was so nervous and the spanking was still stinging on her butt. She was ashamed, and she was feeling very childish. She didn't think he had noticed that she had peed and hoped the water would prevent her getting in trouble, but he made it quite clear that it had gotten her in worse trouble.

###

James gently pulled Saori back up and gave her a big hug and allowed her to bury her head on his chest for a brief while. Punishment was punishment, but once it was over he never wanted it to linger any longer than it needed to (at least not any longer than the stinging on her butt her knew she was still feeling).

