Help with first fiction

Author: rod

*000*2013-12-27 14:07

Hello so I am sorry if this is the wrong place but looking through the other forums it seemed like the best place.

Anyway

So I am starting to write my first fiction and it is based in the mass effect universe and the main character involved at least in the beginning is Miranda but Shepard (male) will also be there. my aim was to try to find out what sort of things people wanted me to include in it so I came up with a few questions or pointers just to see what people are interested in, if you are interested in any of this at all.

So first are there any other characters that people really want to see in this story. Like I have said the main emphasis will be on Miranda at least in the first few parts but I am willing to write in other characters but my personal preference is female characters but I will take it as a challenge to write in male fantasies as well, that is if anyone wants me too but there is no guarantee they will be any good.

Second, are there any other fetishes that people would like me to include, or general eroticism. for me personally desperation, sexual fantasies and other fetishes I may or may not have all go together in my mind but I understand that some or a lot of you may think differently so I just wanted to check if there are any other fetishes people want me to include but equally whether I should keep away from any of them.

For example I have written in or have plans for the story that could easily turn into scat/poop desperation, although personally I prefer the desperation and not the end result in those particular cases. but other things could include bondage, tickling, .... and I am failing to think of many others at this time but I am sure there are more. so if you have any that you want me to consider feel free to comment with them.

Third, I have been writing it for a couple of weeks although very slowly and I have reached a couple of points where I could do with some inspiration so does anyone have any ideas for things that could happen, I know it is harder if you do not know the context of the story but I dont want to give anything away yet as It could change or adapt because of what people say. All I will say is that the first setting is a sort of diplomatic party. but if you have any ideas please include them as well.

Fourth, How unrealistic/unreasonable is ok. I included this because it is a sci-fi story which opens up whole new opportunities for events and things to happen but wanted to know how to tell where the line is or do I just use my best judgement and see what people say after I post it?

And finally fifth is a writing question. Since this is my first fiction I am not sure on some things but the main one is how much is too much description of amount of writing when it comes to describing a characters desperate situation. I feel that I have gone a bit over the top in one example and again I know it would be easier to comment on it if I included it but again I haven't finished it. but I was just wondering if there was such thing as too much description.

Anyway I am sorry this is a massive post but I hope to learn something from what people might say. I have no idea when the story will come out but thought I would ask know before I get to set in my own ways in the story. It will probably come out as a set of chapters like a lot of other stories so that I can adapt but I want to write at least three or four chapters before I start posting.

*003*2013-12-27 17:07

Thank you for the comments, Yeh I agree with what you are saying, writing about what I want to write about does make it easier and will probably make it a better story in the end. I will also use your idea of using the editing team or you or someone, and send them a couple of chapters once I have actually finished them just to get another persons views on it. like the saying goes two heads are better than one.

*005*2013-12-28 16:52

{{:

Some other female characters I would like to see: Liara, Ashley, Tali, Jack, Kasumi, Samara, Kelly, Gabby, Samantha, Chloe and Emily.

}}

So basically all of them but I will see what I can do. Like I said above I think this story will mainly focus on Miranda but If this one goes well I am sure I will write more in the future, Mass effect has to be one of the best developed fandom universes out there and I really love the stuff but I will admit I am not very well versed on some things.

