Tina Needs Diapers (Summery)

Author: Marin

*000*2013-05-16 23:34

I get that when a story or series gets too long and you're barely getting into it, it can be very overwhelming to try to catch up. So I'm going to post a summery for every chapter, or sub section, of the series. I'll keep it as brief as possible without leaving out important details that contribute to the series.

Just a quick note, this story is heavily noted and praised for the richness of the characters, and the craziness of the story.

Part 1

Tina wakes up to a thick, sodden, wet night-time diaper and strips to get in the shower. While she's showering, she introduces her three main friends, Sarah, Megan, and Riley. She tells the story of how the tree of them found out about her bed wetting issue, and her day time incontinence, during a sleep-over. Her friends promise not to tell anyone, and they remained true to their word. Tina needs diapers day in and day out due to a number of medical conditions. Rather then that, she's a fairly typical, young teen girl fourteen years old.

Part 2

Tina is out of the shower and headed towards the kitchen for Mom's homemade breakfast, where we mete Tina's perky mother and her grumpy father. While they're having breakfast, a bird runs into the window and injures itself. Tina and her mother race to the birds aid with first aid supplies. The bird comes to know Tina and her family, and is eventually named Charlie. There was a gaping plot whole, establishing the bird as a female, when later the bird was given a male name. The male name is there to stay, so I apologize for the blunder. The bird is male.

Tina metes her fourth friend named Tomas, Tom for short, at her bus stop, where she also metes her soon-to-be-named new bird friend. The bus driver drives extremely carelessly to school with the students and dropped them off in the middle of the court yard, as apposed to the drop off.

Part 3

Tom and Tina go into the library to do their thing, where we mete Mr. Garder. Mr. Garder is an extreme germaphobic who wears glove before he uses anything and carries germ-x in his pocket. Tom helps Tina with her math homework, but then she has to go to the bathroom. Despite wearing diapers, she likes to use the toilet sometimes so she doesn't go through as many. When she gets there, there's a lineup. The girls in the bathroom prioritize Tina for the stalls and she was able to make it in time with minimal leakage.

With her pull-up around her ankles, she assumes she's safe from peoples view, but as is revealed in Kelly's log, Kelly saw her diaper in plain view from under the door of the stall, and dedicates her life towards protecting her, swearing on her life that one day she'd tell Tina what she saw so Tina could be more careful. This part ends when Tina returns to continue her math homework.

Part 4: Diaper trouble (First major omo chapter.)

Tina begins by explaining her medical problems in detail. One, her bladder is over-reactive, two, her body doesn't hold on to the water it retains, and three, her body dosn't tell her until late when she needs to go. She goes through her classes of the day when she has to go to the bathroom during her English test. She decides to use her diaper for this instance since the class wasn't near over. There's lots of details in this scene.

During class discussion, Kelly, Tina's new-found stalker guardian, partners up with her and starts talking about the strangest, most awkward bathroom topics out of self consciousness; unable to pursue her promise to tell Tina what she saw in the bathroom. After a long day in class, sitting in her increasingly uncomfortable diaper, Tina is able to make a quick stop by the bathroom and change her diaper for next class.

Chapter 5: S'mores Anyone?

This is my largest chapter ever, and the first to be labeled as such. This story as a whole is a guinea pig experiment with a new secret ingredient, character. As I began writing the series, I began to realize that A) there was no long term plot aside from twists and turns involving the characters themselves I plan on inserting in the story and B) I started to realize that if I didn't think of something, I would very soon run out of wetting scenarios, and scenarios all together. Thus, Chapter 5 was borne, with one more ingredient, a plot. From now on, my chapters will have a distinct plot, and they will all build up to the end, if there is an end.

On to the review itself. Tina packs her bags for a school field trip, a camping trip. Meanwhile her father is swearing at the neighbors from his back yard about the barking dogs. He gets into a fight with a Hispanic fellow in a different yard. Tina's bags are packed and ready for the trip for morning. She takes her bags to the bus and uses the bathroom before they leave, but it wouldn't be enough. It was a four hour trip and Tina had two hours or more.

Before the students left for camp, the buss driver for the travel bus had a cardiac arrest and Mrs. Sherry, the dangerous buss driver, took his place.

After wetting her diaper once, Tina flooded it later and soaked the seat and her skirt durring the trip, while sitting next to the "cutest boy in the school." Here's where another major plot whole comes in. He was named Jeremy in the narration, but later he introduces himself as Charm. He live up to his name in poetry and his love obsession for Tina. The name Charm is here to say.

Everyone else on the bus had to go urgently, so Mrs. Sherry drove off the highway and cleared a path through the woods that lead directly to camp. Kelly's log explains further that that pathway is used to this day by drivers to get to camp. By the time every one gets to camp, everyone is bursting, and it's evident that the entire buss wasn't going to make it through the lines to the bathroom, so Mrs. Sherry takes them into the woods again to go. Along the way, she crosses a river where she hits a bear with her bumper, once on her way there and once on her way back, who was just trying to catch a fish. By the time Mrs. Sherry gets students into the forest, they have all peed their pants, including teachers. This gave Mr. Garder a beg cleaning job to do.

In Kelly's log, Kelly explains a side story of why she wet her pants on the bus, since she was also part of the ride to the forest. She bathed in the river Mrs. Sherry crossed where she met the bear, who chased her up the tree naked. She wet herself a second time upon encounter with the bear. The rangers come to pick her up and get her down out of the tree some time after the bear left. Kelly hid in her dorm for most of the day with humiliation, but then she got a pantie shot of Tina's diaper and remembered her ultimate goal of protecting Tina and confessing what she saw in the bathroom with her, her diaper.

The first encounter with the bear written in the story was with Tina, who was chased out of the forest after trying to relieve her bladder. She soiled herself when she got tackled by the bear before the bear smelled her diaper and walked off. Her friends came to comfort her and lead her out of the forest. Tina encounters the bear again when she tries to pee in the forest at night before she goes to bed. When Her friend Riley finds her, she yells at Tina for running off into the forest, and explains her concern for her. This is a delicate scene between them, that reveals a more protective side to Riley.

Befoer Tina's second encounter with the bear, she enjoys hot dogs and s'mores with her class mates, where she wets her diaper in the line to get her roasting supplies. Megan, her other friend, is revealed to be a vegan, eating only s'mores with her own non-dairy chocolate. Another plot whole is that she ate the worm that was offered to her before they took off to leave for camp, brought to them by Tina's bird, Charlie.

Tina forgets to change her diaper while she roasts her hot dog and s'mores. By the time she remembers she has to change, she has to pee again. This is when she goes into the forest and encounters the bear a second time.

As she goes to bed, she realizes that, seeing as her room mates are not her friends who know of her incontinence, she has to make a conscious effort to protect her secret from her room mates. Her friend Sarah helps her out of a situation where the girls push her to change in front of them, with good intentions in mind.

###

That's it for now. Whew. That took a while. Hopefully now I can get more people to read the story I'm writing. No one really knows how enjoyable a story is until it get's too long to catch up with, not to treat my own horn, so I hope this helps.

*001*2013-05-22 03:36

Ch. 5: S'mores Anyone? (Part 5)

Tina's Mom and Dad, Gertrude and Carl, are in bed together. Carl complains about his day of hard work and Gertrude lets him vent, all the wile cuddling with him. They break out into song in bed before they go to sleep.

Tina wakes up to find her fingers in cold water and she's peeing in her diaper. When she goes into the public shower, she realizes she'd have to change in front of the other girls, so her friend Sarah lends her a pare of panties to go in with for the mean time. Sarah promised to hang onto Tina's camp bag full of diapers for her to change back into when she gets back, but one of Sarah's room mate finds them first. Sarah claims that her mother sent those with her as an overprotective parent when Tina walked into the room to find that Sarah was taking the hit for her.

*002*2013-05-30 09:08

Reasons for wearing diapers.

1) I have an overactive bladder. [part 3, fourth major paragraph (don't count dialogue lines.)]

2) I can't multitask. [6'th line of dialogue after fourth major paragraph (I'll label that as p4 d6)]

4?!) I can't stop drinking water. [part 4 (pt 4) p4 (Major Paragraph 4)]

5)... When I had to go, I really had to go. [pt 4 p13]

6) Life Happens. [ch.5 May 6 post. p7]

*003*2013-06-09 15:07

Ch. 5: S'mores anyone? (Part 6)

It's time for a new day full of fun activities. Tina is separated from her friends, Megan and Sarah, but catches up to Tom and Riley for a morning hike. The students were separated into four groups that would do different games and activities throughout the day. Tom and Riley were in Tina's group, along with Charming, and unfortunately, Tina's room mates, Tiffany, Tyler and Tia. Tina's room mates follow her secretly throughout the day and make several attempts to prank Tina as a means of building her confidence, which she has plenty of, little did Tiffany know. They day ends with another encounter with the bear during a fishing activity. The bear shows up behind Tina's room mates just as they're about to attempt another prank, and the bear leaps out of the bushes with them and chases off the students. The students are saved by Mrs. Sherry and her city buss, but the bear follows the tracks that the bus leaves behind.

Due to Tina's difficulty in keeping her diapers a secret from her room mates, her friends request the camp ranger to make arrangements so they can sleep together with Tina. With a little hassle, the arrangements are made, and Tina gets to sleep with her friends for the remainder of the camping trip.

*004*2013-06-09 15:45

Kelly's log.

Kelly describes the fun she had that day, but then explains her encounter with Tiffany's pranks. Unaware of who's pulling pranks (almost) and why, she realized they have a problem on their hands. Her group was playing a game on top of a log when suddenly the log tips over, and everyone falls and injures themselves except Tina, who then tends to everyone's wounds. When she gets to Kelly, she explains the steps Tina takes to treat her open wound on her back that she got landing flat on her back on the log. She seals the gaping wound, which would otherwise need stitches, using super glue and duck tape. After this ordeal, Kelly swears she'll get to the bottom of these pranks and protect Tina from what ever they had to throw at her.

*005*2013-06-12 00:40

Ch. 5: S'mores Anyone? (Part 6-8 LAST)

(Part 6)

Tina wakes up to a bran new, beautiful day, as a result of Riley's Call of Duty game, causing Tina to dream that she's being shot by troopers who break into the cabin. She confiscates the laptop from Riley and Riley decides to pull a prank on the other two friends taht are sleeping. Megan wakes up in time for her to get back with a bowel of ice cold water, which she then uses to make Sarah pee her pajamas.

After breakfast, which is special restaurant food that day, Tina decides to take a chance at wearing regular panties that day while canoeing, assuming she can go in the water, but she realizes she can't swim and hopes it won't be a problem.

(Part 7)

Tina, her friends and the whole school of students who went camping are at the docks ready to go canoeing. Kelly, in her obsession to protect Tina from imaginary danger, snatches Tina as a pair for the canoes, since there can only be two people per canoe. Charming also claims Tina as a partner in his obsessive love for her. Kelly and Charming end up wrestling for her, and the Rangers decide to pair Kelly and Charming up in a Canoe. Tina pares up with Riley, and Megan pairs up with Sarah. An interesting turn of events occurs. Tinas friends had the idea to wear Tina's diapers, since Tina is wearing regular underwear, as a flip flop. They have lunch and use her diapers. Sarah and Megan thoroughly enjoy the experience, while Riley has mixed feelings.

Meanwhile, Tom and the germaphobic librarian, Mr. Garder, have to go to the bathroom, but their stranded in the middle of the lake. Tom wets his pants a little before Mr. Garder throws him into the water. Mr. Garder ends up wetting his pants before they get back to the dock.

At the same time, Kelly and Charming find themselves working together to fight off Tina's former room mates who vow to prank her for her own good. Charming grabs Scar and Tyler, the students who are out to tip Tina's boat over, and Kelly sward fights with Tiffany and Tia. Kelly knocks Tia off the boat and the battle is between Tiffany and Kelly. They exchange their motives. Tiffany and her group vow to prank Tina to build her confidence, and Kelly explains her vow to protect her from such pranking and bullying. The battle ends as a battle of whits, that is, Tiffany mispronounces confidence, and it ruins her good image, so she puts their battle off for another day. They are now established enemies.

When everyone gets back to the docks, Tina's friends hide her so she can let go in her panties one more time before they head back. They end up having to take a dip in the water to drown evidence of her accident, despite wearing a skirt.

(part 8)

Everyone packs their bags to end the camping trip, and the conclude with one final bond fire and s'mores session, at least that was the plan. The bear returned and terrorized the campus. She particularly targeted Tina and her friends. Megan goes nuts and starts cuddling with the bear, soothing her until she discovers an injury on her head. Tina rushes in to patch up the injury the bear attained, and with gauze on her head, she walks off and comes to like the campus and the people there. Likewise, the campers come to like the bear, but then a twist ending occurs. I'll let you read that for yourself if you wish.

It won't be contributing to the rest of the series, but I highly recommend you read all of chapter five if you haven't all ready, even if it gets overwhelming. Lots of important character development occurs in this chapter. It all builds up to parts 6-8, but if you don't read it, then you won't get the full reading experience. There's pleanty of omorashi and fun, quarky characters to engage you throughout the chapter, so no hurry if you book mark it somehow.

*006*2013-06-27 06:43

Ch. 6 Tina's Got Talent

(part 1)

Tina and her friends are strolling through the hallways chatting when suddenly, they come across a flyer for the up coming talent show. The four of them agree to perform in the try outs, but Tina's decides to be a model for the talent show, which Riley won't accept. Tina and Riley have an intensive fight over the issue, and Tina storms off in tears, just in time to need the bathroom. On top of that, she's wet, and she's not in the mood to be around people at the moment.

(part 2)

Riley comes to apologies, but Tina doesn't feel inclined to talk. This ends in one more blow out within the same ten minutes. Kelly tries to wittingly discourage her, which makes it worse for Tina. Tina comes across her old room mate from camp and they offer to help her get into the talent show as a model, so they may have an opportunity to humiliate her on stage. When Riley finds Tina with these other girls, she starts a fight with them, getting the seven of them sent to the principals office.

*008*2013-06-30 17:57

Uh, This isn't the story. This is the summery, labeled "Tina Needs Diapers (summary)." The Tina needs diapers story should be a little deeper in the treads at this point.

*010*2013-07-02 06:14

Ch. 6: Tina's Got Talent (part 3)

*011*2013-07-04 03:31

Ch. 6: Tina's Got Tallent (part 3)

Whoops! Sorry about that! I forgot to post an actual summery for part 3.

Tina is in the Principals office with Riley, Megan, Sarah, Tiffany, Tia, and Tyler. The principal starts to get rather abusive and Sarah uses a multipurpose, tape recording emergency police pager to deem the Principal for it in order to get the seven of them out of his office. The principal gets arrested and the kids continue to class undefeated by the principals position of power. During all the tension in his office, Tina wets her diaper in desperation and has to change herself in the bathroom before she heads to class.

*012*2013-07-19 05:13

Ch. 6 Tina's Got Talent (Part 4)

Tina comes home from a long day of school and she needs to pee urgently as she zips into the bathroom without turning the light on or closing the door. Tina is growing weary from her daily demise, on top of having been told off by Riley, being told off by the principal and having to deal with a permanent record. At dinner, Tina's parents urge her to discuss in detail what happened with the principal and why she was there. She doesn't like talking about it, but she relents, and her parents turn out to be far more understanding then she thought they'd be. However, they bring up a different subject that came up twice between Tina and Riley, her talent show act as a model. The parent explain getting a call from the school on behalf of a concerned student, who Tina assumes to be Riley in an attempt to sabotage her chance to enter the talent show. Kelly's log reveals that it was in fact, her, who snitched on Tina in order to project her.

In spite of her parents and friends advice, she calls the number Tiffany gave her with little knowledge of Tiffany's real intentions of humiliating her on stage, in order to challenge and strengthen her self esteem. The following day of school ensues much tension between Tina and Riley, but both Riley and Megan are well unaware of the major misconception that Kelly was the one who informed school officials of Tina's ambitions for the talent show. Tina follows through the plans she made with Tiffany, her room mate from camp, to find that she comes to school every day on a rare, high bread horse and butler.

*013*2013-07-20 16:38

I'm going to do something new. Instead of posting the summery as soon as I post the latest update, I'm going to post a summery of the part previous to the latest post to encourage people to read the latest post after they've caught up, but for part 5 I'll make an exception because it is SOOOO long! I do encourage you to read it though. It's pretty good, and there's plenty of omorashi in it.

Ch. 6 Tina's Got Talent (Part 5)

This part picks up where Tiffany's ride, a pure bread horse, takes Tiffany and Tia to her home. During the ride, with the butler up front, Tiffany behind him and Tina in the back, Tina almost falls off the horse. Tiffany lifts Tina with her brute strength and places her between the butler and herself. This is a somewhat delicate moment as Tina narrates her sense of security in Tiffany's grip.

When they arrive at Tiffany's home, it's the most massive structure she'd ever seen. It's a bio-dome facility containing different artificial biomes a few square miles in size, as well as a laboratory, a large clothing and costume shop (changing room actually) and regular houses for each biome for Tiffany and her family to live and sleep in. As it turns out, her father works for NASA, who's gotten the world's scientists to invest in the facility for space colonization research. Additionally, her Mother turns out to be a world-famous celebrity, leaving Tiffany with the wealthiest, most prestigious state of affairs; having hundreds, maybe thousands of butlers and maids who all ride horses to get around and provide different services. Lastly, the facility has only four bathrooms throughout the entire expanse, making them difficult for Tina to manage.

Eventually, Tina is unable to make it to a bathroom in time, despite the obnoxious help she gets from twin maidens who try to carry her to the toilet. She has a leaky accident half way to the toilet, completely soiling her clothes. In the maid's obsession to serve Tina, they forcefully take her wet clothes off to clean her and change her, but they inevitably discover her wet diaper and realize she's incontinent. As a result, they request a high tech, state-of-the-art, custom tape on capable of holding several accidents. Though it looks like a perfectly normal diaper, the entire surface of the diaper works like a tv screen on which a wetness indicator flashes, the wetness indicator interface (Wii). Additionally, the diaper has the ability to disguise itself as a number of different, random objects using it's tv screen properties.

After Tina is changed into this new diaper, She's ridden over to the mall sized changing room by horse. It has the world's largest selecting of modelling costumes, uniforms and swim suites. Tiffany metes her other two friends in the changing room, Tia and Tyler, who smother Tina with affection and excitement before the drag her along to find costumes for her to try out. Tina convinces them to train her to model first before she changes into any clothes in order to stall the inevitable discovery of her incontinence.

While Tina trains under Tiffany, who's mother is a model, and enjoys herself, Tina's friends practice their acts for the talent show at Megan's house, where they mete Megan's Mom.

Megan practices her speech for veganism while Tom helps her formulate her speech with his spiritual wisdom. Sarah pitches in for Megan's speech as well by giving her facts and statistics. Riley practices belching out the song "Baby" by America's most hated and beloved pop star Justin Beiber. Sarah rehearses her presentation about why the big bang theory is incorrect, and what really happened.

Upon meeting Megan's mom, she turns out to be sweet, chirpy, and cheerful on the surface, but under the surface, it is revealed that she has deep, traumatic experiences that effect her behavior. For example, the conversation between Megan's mom and Riley proceeds as follows.

“Hey, Megan’s Mom?” Riley asked, belching accidentally.

“Yes my lovely star?”

“If your best friend wants to be a slutty model for the talent show, and you don’t want creepy males sticking their penis in her vagina, what do you do?”

She giggled. “That’s easy.” She smiled with a cheerful twinkle in her eye.

“You simply take a dull, rusty pair of scissors that are about a hundred years old and wrench off his penis like a dog rips off a chickens wings, struggling to completely cut through, you fiercely yank and tug while the delicious blood splatters everywhere and he’s helplessly strapped by his arms and legs to the kitchen table shrieking for mercy and begging for God’s forgiveness!” She laughed insanely. “How do you like that Gordon! I’ll bet you don’t get any of that in prison!”

She paused for a minute to take back the awkward silence. “That is, of course, provided Gordon actually raped me!” She laughed uncomfortably.

Riley and Sarah sat on the floor dumfounded. Their faces froze in place.

“You’re so funny Mom!” Megan laughed.

This moment reveals a very obvious event in her life that has left her traumatized. As a result, she takes pleasure in torturing a chicken by cutting it's limbs off with an ax for dinner. She takes the limbs and sticks them in the microwave, resulting in a bloody dish. She also cooks some vegetables for her vegan daughter, who may very well be vegan for a good reason at this point. Megan's friends, including Tom, feel extremely uncomfortable around the mother, except Megan of course, since she's used to it.

Back at Tiffany's enormous home, Tina doges yet another situation where Tiffany and her friends want her to change in front of them by saying it's night time, but she ends up stuck sleeping at her regular house in the swamp biome. The only problem is, there's no bathrooms in Tiffany's normal houses because she and her family prefer to go in the forests. This is problematic for Tina since she wears diapers. It's especially problematic since Tina can't take her diaper off to go to the bathroom, even in the woods, because she wouldn't be able to put it back on. She pees in the diaper for the fifth time that day in Tiffany's house, hoping it could still last her the night.

Tiffany and her friends try to get Tina to change into some pajamas in front of them again, and she declines, saying she'll sleep in her clothes, but Tiffany holds her in an arm lock and tells her friends to yank her skirt down. Tina is helpless as they succeed, and discover something shocking about her attire.

Tina breaks down and cries while the girls are extremely apologetic, but when she looks down at her thick, wet diaper, what she sees is a perfectly normal pair of black, sexy underwear. With the diapers ability to disguise itself as random objects, it disguises itself as a pair of underwear, which was worn by Tiffany's world-famous mother in a sexually abusive movie that she starred in. Now Tina's embarrassed for a completely different reason, and it's apparent why Tiffany and her friends reacted the way they did.

Megan and her friends go to bed at night for the sleep over, and Megan is the only one who is able to sleep soundly. In Tiffany's home, Tina is the only one who can't sleep soundly.

*014*2013-07-23 18:50

Ch. 6: Tina’s Got Tallent (part 6: Tina in Wonderland)

In a classic Allice in Wonderland scenario, Tina dreams she’s in a forest playing with a butterfly when suddenly, a jack rabbit leaps up and snatches it in his mouth. Tina chases it into a whole in the stump where she falls through a dead-end hole, up through the air, and up through the surface of the ocean. When drowning, she is rescued by a member of the seaman crew, who pulled her aboard their ship. It turns out, the ocean resembles all the urine Tina passed into her diapers in the past. She meets her friend Riley at the top of the ship’s lookout point claiming “Land ho!” The ship crashes into the beach and becomes a wreck. Riley ventures with Tina into the adjacent forest to hunt down the same jack rabbit for chewing on one of the sails of her ship.

Tina and Riley meet a cleaver neco in the forest with the ability to disappear and reappear in different spots. It was Sarah. She taunts Riley for a short time before Riley storms off and she disappears.

As they make their way through the forest, they come across Megan’s mom, Megan, and the Jack rabbit, all sitting down at a long dinner table. Megan’s mom was eating raw chicken flesh. Tina wets her diaper so thoroughly it grows past her knees into a humungous, wet diaper she can’t possibly cover up with her skirt. Riley fires at the rabbit, the rabbit gets away and Megan follows Tina and Riley to help hunt down the rabbit for raping her mom. The three of them follow the rabbit into a large crater where they again, loose him.

The three of them venture into the crater where they see Mr. Garder vacuuming in the crater in a hurry to impress the queen. He gives Tina a water bottle that allows her to grow and shrink her diaper. Tina drinks from one side of the water bottle and her diaper shrinks to normal size, but it’s still soaking wet. When Tina and her friends climb out of the other side of the crater, they meet their forth friend Sarah, the cleaver neco, who informs them that the only way for them to go home is for them to vanquish the queen; who resides in the biome dome-like structure Tiffany lives in. The queen happens to be Tiffany’s mother, and Tiffany the court judge.

On their way to the queen’s layer, they’re captured and put in cages. Tina sais she has to go again, but her diaper’s soaked. Sarah tells her to use the water bottle to make her diaper bigger again. Tina dose so and her diaper grows out of control again, but it’s mostly dry. Tina fills it half way with her urine before they get to the court in the biome structure where the queen resides.

The queen announces that the court is in session, and she convinces Tina that she’s neglectful, and disloyal to her friends. Sarah assures the queen that Tina’s quite the opposite, and throws her criticisms right back at her for neglecting her kingdom and abandoning her child. Riley pulls out her gun and blows the queen’s head off as Sarah told them too earlier, but the real criminal turns out to be the bunny who shows in court. Riley shoot’s the rabbit’s head and a swarm of locus’s pours out and swarms into the throats of the four friends.

Tina wakes up in Tiffany’s house in the artificial swamp, being the only one to wet herself last night. At Megan’s house, Megan is the only one of four friends who didn't wet the bed from the dream, including Tom, Riley, and Sarah.

*015*2013-07-29 07:28

Tina in wonderland: Post Script

Hopefully this will be a shorter summary. Ahem! Tina wakes up with a full diaper that's ready to be changed. She sneaks off with Tiffany's phone to call for assistance, but when she tries to sneak the phone under her covers when Tiffany looks frantically for it, Tiffany catches her sneaking and assures her that she could have simply asked. Tina goes to take a shower with the girls, but when she strips, her diaper disguises itself as a stapler. She strips completely and takes a shower with them, emerging early so the maidens could change her quickly into another fancy diaper with screen display type functions.

Tina's friends, who spent the night at Megan's house, wake up to find that they've also thoroughly wet the bed due to Megan's Mom being intimidating by eating raw, bloody chicken last night and revealing her darker, more sadistic side. Megan has spare panties for her friends, but she doesn't have any underwear for Tom, so Megan's mom decides to put one of Megan's diapers on him from when she used to wet the bed. Everyone decides to keep practicing for the talent show after everything.

Yes, a short review for once! It's a sign that my additions were short and to the point for once!

