Rich School and Poor Girl

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-12-21 12:47

Higashi High School Stories:

Chapter One

Saki and Haruto

By Dewleaf

No one would have expected Saki Ichikawa to get into Higashi High School because though she had the brains for it, the school was intended for Japan’s elite class. No commoner had ever applied to go to this school ever before, and that could only spell trouble for the out of place commoner.

Saki parked her bicycle in the garage of cycles, and that was when she noticed the first clues that there must have been some kind of mistake. Her bicycle was perfectly normal for the average high school in Japan, but as she looked around the garage, it seemed mostly full of motor bikes and scooters. It didn’t look like anyone at this school owned a regular bicycle.

One of the girls locking up her scooter next to Saki noticed her bike and she pointed it out to two others.

“That’s so cute! That girl has brought a toy to school.”

The other girl laughed with the girl that pointed it out, and Saki looked down at her toes thinking that perhaps she’d just take the bus from now on. She picked up her black bag, her black hair hanging down her slender face like straight strings. Her amber eyes shined and her hands had power as they flung the light book bag over her shoulder.

The students walked towards the gymnasium of the four story school building as was the custom for the first day of school. Obviously, the students would learn which teachers they would have this year for their home room in the school wide meeting, and the principal would tell them what to expect this year at school.

Saki walked with the other girls, now looking the same as the rest of them for now for she had the same sailor top with a dark blue jacket and a lighter blue blouse with a flap that hung over her shoulders making her look like a sailor. A dark blue skirt covered her gray and pink striped panties and her thighs, just an inch or so above her knees.

“Hey,” a girl had caught up to walk with her. “My name is Hiroko. What’s your name?”

“Saki,” the young lady blushed at being addressed by someone. She had hoped at least one of her friends would have gotten in the school, but it seemed that no one from her old junior high had succeeded in getting in the school.

“What an elegant name!” Hiroko exclaimed. I like it.

Saki blushed even deeper. “Thanks.”

The students walked into the school grounds and Saki found her student number in the third class of the first years. She walked to the place where they lined up her group of students, and took a seat on the floor. All of the students were in the gym feeling the cool breeze of the cooler from the luxurious gym fanning their heat stricken faces.

“Wow, air conditioning in the gym,” Saki mumbled to herself just loud enough that Hiroko heard her.

“Why wouldn’t there by?” Hiroko asked her with a wrinkled eye as though to say it was strange to think it wouldn’t be so.

Saki shrugged. She had never seen air conditioned gyms in her elementary or junior high schools. She thought it was probably impossible to cool the gym though she knew that some modern schools had air in the classrooms.

The principal approached the podium after bowing to it and making the multiple greetings to the students, the staff, and the front on his way. His behavior wasn’t much different from any other principal. His hair was short and graying. He wore a suit with a rose in his right pocket.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” he stared his usual start of year speech. “Welcome to Higashi High for another year. Though some of you might not realize it, it would be in your best interest to actually pay attention to your professors this year as a lot of things have changed.”

The other students rolled their eyes. They rarely listened to the teachers as the teachers rarely had anything important to tell them outside of classes. That was what it meant to be a teen. You knew everything, and your teachers only knew what they taught. Your parents, well, they live in yesteryear, so nothing they say now really applies.

Saki listened as most first years would, but the second years and third years were already quietly chatting when they didn’t think anyone was paying attention to them.

A student went up to the stage after the principal had finished talking about something that didn’t interest anyone, and even Saki had missed it because her peers were being a bit loud talking about what they were expecting from this year.

“Is it true there is a tea room?” she asked one of the first years in her class.

“Of course. You act like a foreigner,” one of the other students informed her. “How can you not realize we have a tea room and air conditioning in our school?”

“Maybe she’s from a foreign country,” one of the other students whispered.

“Maybe she’s a commoner,” Arisa nodded to the others. “I heard that commoners endure the heat and cold even in their classrooms with maybe a propane stove in the winter, but the gym is always uncomfortable.”

“Where did you hear that?” Hiroko asked as though shocked and not quite believing.

“Commoner?” Saki whispered to herself very quietly. “What kind of school did I get into?”

The students were allowed to follow their new teachers to their new classrooms where they would be able to unload their bags and where they would spend most of their academic days at school.

Saki took her seat as the teacher had assigned it, and started to put her books in the desk there. Her skirt sat loosely over her legs, making her seem very much grown up the way she sat. She folded her fifteen year old arms across her chest and listened as the teacher started the business of getting the year underway.

“So, first, we will need class representatives,” he looked enthusiastically around at the thirty students in the room. None of them seemed excited to volunteer.

“So, would anyone like to nominate him or herself, or maybe a friend?” the teacher asked his eyes rising in hope that someone would take a bite.

The students seemed to pretend the teacher wasn’t there. No one looked at him directly for fear of being called, and no one made any attempted to get noticed. Saki sighed.

“Then, maybe we should just randomly choose,” the teacher said disappointed in the students. “So, how about I ask the first boy for a number, and that will be the girl, and we’ll ask the first girl for a number, and that will be the boy representative.”

The students all nodded in agreement that it seemed fair that way.

How it could have ended up that Saki was a class leader along with Haruto, she didn’t know, but at the moment she didn’t complain. She just walked to the front of the class when the teacher called them up.

“Then, leaders, you will be responsible for assigning class jobs and making sure your classmates keep up in their studies.”

Saki and Haruto nodded.

(Expect some strange things in the coming chapters which lead to Saki peeing her pants for her rich classmates' amusement).

*005*2011-12-23 15:59

Working on Chapter two, but it's harder than I realized. I am just not sure how I want to go about setting her up for this difficulty, but I do know the rich kids will bully her somehow... just haven't figured it all out yet.

*007*2011-12-24 23:59

Higashi High

Chapter Two

The Class Toy

Just after Haruto and Saki were made the class leaders, four seniors came into the room to give the students a tour of their new school and to explain how things worked. The homeroom teacher smiled, and he waved for the seniors to take over.

“Right,” one of the seniors began. “My name is Miyuki and as I’m in charge of this detail, you will all do as I say and keep up. The other three are here to make sure you don’t get out of line.”

No one seemed to argue with her.

Saki stood and Haruto stood back against the blackboard while they waited for the seniors to organize their class into two lines of the smallest to the tallest, one line of boys and two lines of girls waiting by the door. Then, they were placed at the front of the lines because they were the class representatives.

The class toured a very large campus that included the main office and class rooms, two gyms with heating and cooling systems, something that Saki couldn’t help but feel impressed by, and yes, even the school tea room.

“You are sophomores, so you are to go no further into the tea room than this red line,” Miyuki explained. The juniors are allowed up to the yellow line, and we seniors have full run of the tea room. Oh, the exception will be the servers which will change from week to week.”

Miyuki waited for the sophomores to catch up to what she was saying before going on, looking intently at the leader’s eyes. She then pointed at Haruto. “Ask the boys if they have any questions.”

Haruto nervously turned back to look down his line of silent boys. No one said a word so he looked back and shrugged.

“No! I told you to ask them. If you are a class leader, you should lead! Now ask them the right way.”

Haruto sighed and turned around again. “Does anyone have any questions?”

No one said anything.

“No questions.”

“Good,” Miyuki said. “Now that wasn’t so hard, was it?” she ruffled his hair and smiled at him kindly. “Now, you, girl, ask the girls.”

Saki, already a little intimidated by her peers’ earlier remarks, turned and started out in a very quiet voice.

“Does anyone have….”

“No,” Miyuki scolded her until her face burned with embarrassment. “You are NOT a mouse! No one could hear you that way. Now turn around and ask them right!”

Saki turned around and started again. “Does anyone….”

“Louder!” Miyuki said screaming in her ear.

Tears rolling down Saki’s face, she yelled this time. “Does anyone have any questions?”

Some of the girls giggled at her discomfort and shook their heads no.

“Good girl,” Miyuki sneered. “You cannot gain respect by being a mouse in this school. So, as I was saying, the only ones that can ignore the lines are the servers. Each sophomore class will donate three girls on two week rotations to the tea room. Any class that doesn’t give us three girls on any given week, will be reported to the tea room chief for an appropriate penalty.”

The first year high school students didn’t seem to let what Miyuki said bother them, none of them, that is, except Saki who thought it was wrong. Still, she didn’t say anything. She was already making a bad impression as it was.

“Okay, well, as your tour is over, I’ll take you back to your classroom where you can decide who the first three tea room staff will be.”

Saki and Haruto were dropped at the front of the class again, this time without a teacher or senior student to direct things.

“Let’s make Saki one,” Yuri called from her seat. Yuri was a girl with very straight brown hair, pretty almost yellow brown eyes, and a very light complexion. “Saki is a logical choice because she’s a commoner.”

“If she’s a server this week, I’m not going to join her,” another classmate called out. “I don’t want to be lumped in with being a commoner like she is.”

Saki felt her heart sinking and her confidence waning. She knew that she wasn’t from the elite class of parents, but she also knew that her parents were decent people, and that she was probably a better person than any of these spoiled pigs. Still, it was nothing to get in a fight over. Knowing the way things were, she’d probably be blamed.

“Fine,” Haruto agreed. “Saki will be a servant girl, but we have to have two more girls if we don’t want our class to suffer any misfortune at the hands of senpai. Besides, we have to have someone watch Saki that she doesn’t cause us any trouble.”

At that, the other students nodded, but that just made the girls less excited about being servants with her. Who wants to babysit a classmate?

“You’ll have to choose,” Eiji, a boy with short spiky hair finally declared to Haruto. “No one will take Saki seriously from now on, and none of the girls are going to agree.”

Haruto nodded.

“Fine, then let’s settle it this way,” Haruto told the girls. “Everyone will have to babysit Saki to make sure she doesn’t cause us any trouble at different times during the day. So, those that don’t want to be bothered with watching her during tea time, will have to watch her during classes and other activities including lunch time or club time. We boys will get together, and make up a preliminary list, and then if anyone wants to change times with another classmate, you will bring yourselves to me and I’ll decide whether you are allowed to change. That will be the most fair way of doing it.”

(Yes, most fair is NOT the correct grammar way, but it is the way I hear young people talk):

The girls sighed and started talking among themselves while the boys stared making plans. Saki just stood at the front of the class like she was on display, a little afraid of going to her seat. Finally, the bell rang for the first period to end, and the students knew that the second period teacher would be up soon.

“You can go to your seat,” Haruto said to Saki. “We’ll decide on a babysitter for you later.”

Saki started to leave the room when three girls followed her out. She felt a hand on her shoulder, and she turned to see Yuri, Kana, and Aiko staring at her. Yuri looked like a strong leader, Kana looked like a powerful and muscular girl, though having a bit of fat to back that up only helped to make her look bigger, and little Aiko looked more like their lap dog, standing quite a bit shorter than even Saki herself.

“Where are you going?” Yuri asked her with narrowed eyes.

“You heard Haruto and the others. You have to be watched that you don’t cause any trouble, and you just left without even looking to see who your babysitters are.”

“I don’t need babysitters.”

Kana pushed shoved Saki with both hands and Saki fell to the floor landing on her butt with a painful bump.

“Don’t talk back,” Yuri towered over her, looking down at her with disdain. “You will stand up and walk back to class, or there will be trouble.”

Saki pushed herself off of the ground, and as she rose from a kneeling position, she looked Yuri in the eye. “I’m going to the bathroom first.”

Kana pushed her down again.

“You will go to the washroom, when we have babysitters assigned to you, and when those sitters are not inconvenienced by your trip.”

Saki looked up at them. “Why? Why are you treating me like this?”

“You are a commoner. Commoners always skip school, cause trouble for their classes, and we can’t really trust you not to graffiti our walls or break our toilets, now can we?”

Saki sighed. “Fine, let’s go to class.”

Saki didn’t have to go that badly anyway.

The second period went smoothly, the teacher explaining to the students about the books they’d be using and some of the projects they’d have to work on. Then Saki looked over at the boys.

“Have you decided on my watchers yet?” she asked trying to be polite.

“Not yet, have a seat.”

“I’m going to the bathroom, so either assign someone right now, or I’m going anyway.”

Kana and Yuri stood up. All round the room, every girl stood up from her seat. “If you disobey us, we will make you regret it,” Yuri said with a smirk.

“Do you know whose cigarettes these are?” Marie, another tall girl, this one with flowing hair down to nearly her butt produced a pack. “They are yours, if you try to leave this room. Everyone in this room will agree with me.”

Saki gulped and sat back down in her chair to wait for the boys to finish with the schedule, meanwhile, the third period came upon them about thirty minutes later. No had yet been assign to the tea room, and they had missed their first chance of going because the whole class was afraid of turning up without servers assigned.

Saki started to feel her stomach shooting pangs of warning across her abdomen. She really had to go soon, whether the boys were finished assigning her watchers or not. Maybe the teacher would let her go?

Saki rose her hand while he was half way into the explanation of the opening class.

“Yes, Saki?” he consulted the seating chart.

“Excuse me, but may I go to the lady’s room?”

“Are you not a teenager?” he asked her.

Saki looked down and nodded.

“Then can you not just quietly slip out of class without asking me such a ridiculous question?”

Saki looked up at him in surprise. She had always been taught to ask permission first.

“Go and from now on, don’t wait there like little robots or scared children piddling your pants, just go to the wash room and come back. The only time I will stop you is if you are taking a test.”

Saki nodded and stood up to leave the room, but then Kana also left her seat and chased her down.

“You are getting annoying,” she called as she pushed the girl from behind.

Saki looked up at her after rolling over to her back so she could see who her attacker was.

“Do you want to fight?” the very heavy set but muscular looking girl looked down at the girl that was nearly half her size. Do you?”

Saki shook her head no, tears starting to come to her eyes.

“Then go back to the room,” Kana said smirking. “You can go once we decide who your babysitters are.”

Saki and Kana returned to the class, Kana smiling at the teacher, and Saki just looking down with moist eyes. She was trapped here, and she wondered if she shouldn’t just see if she could get into another high school. The likeliness of that though, after the students had been decided, were very slim. She would probably have to wait until the following year, and then she would probably be rejected by any good high school.

Saki sat in her chair, her legs starting to bounce a bit. She didn’t really hear anything that the teacher said to her. She couldn’t concentrate except on her full bladder. Inside her body, she could feel the fight coming on. On one team, her muscles were imagined as these girls in red uniforms, blocking the way down the tube to her vagina, and on the opposite end of the field, were these yellow uniformed girls starting to run towards them.

Saki shook her head. That image was no better than a waterfall or something else that made such sounds. Come to think of it, she thought she did hear some water being poured in the background, but looking around the class, everyone seemed to be watching the teacher.

Saki gritted her teeth and looked up at the teacher to try to catch up to what he was saying, but within her body, the liquid in her bladder had already caused it to swell like a balloon, and the other droplets of liquid had no space to squeeze into the bladder making her kidneys hurt a little. There were tears in her eyes, but she rocked a bit in her chair and continued bouncing and rubbing her legs together to keep the liquid inside where it belonged.

Kana watched her from a corner of her eyes. Saki knew that she was watching though she didn’t seem to look directly at her. The fluid in her bladder was starting to inch its way down towards the tubes that led out, and on the other end, were a wall of muscles sucking up the spaces between them so the liquid couldn’t get out. It felt as though the muscles had to stretch out like gum being pulled from between teeth to fill the positions, but these being muscles, would eventually tire.

The clock on the wall ticked loudly in Saki’s ear, and then she thought she heard water pouring again, but again, as she looked around, she couldn’t see who was doing it. Was it her imagination? Her legs were already a non-stop pumping machine that also rubbed against each other, her left hand was now starting to reach and pull at the front of her skirt, trying to decide whether to slip the fingers further up into her skirt to help plug the open hole that would eventually leak the waters from within.

The wall was starting to feel the strain, and Saki could imagine, like with gum that is pulled too far, that holes were forming in the wall, and the water was rushing towards those points. Though the sides of her tubing tried to slam shut against the trickling water, she could feel a little of it slide down her tubes and out into her panties dampening them.

She shoved her hands tightly up under her skirt and between her legs to plug it up. She couldn’t afford to pee her pants right in front of the teacher, and even in front of her cruel classmates. She had to fight it off so that she didn’t look like a little kid. She knew that getting up would only make Kana come after her, so she was stuck, sitting there, pee slowly dribbling into her panties.

Finally, the period ended, the teacher still seemingly blind to Saki’s playful movements. After all, she did go to the bathroom, as far as the teacher knew.

“Please, assign me someone now,” Saki looked over at the boys, her hand shoved into her skirt and trying to keep her panties from getting anymore wet. “I really can’t wait.”

“Fine, for fourth period and lunch, Yuri, Kana, and Aiko,” the boys told her.

Kana stood up and walked over towering over the girl.

Saki looked up at her with tears in her eyes.

“Well, if you have to go that badly, let’s go. I don’t want to miss the start of fourth period.”

Saki stood up shaking badly as she tried valiantly to keep the wetness inside her tubes. She hobbled towards the door, the others laughing because she was holding herself, and the boys got a free look at her pink and gray striped panties as she left the room.

The girls came into the bathroom, where there were plenty of other first years going, and Saki could only hold herself in front of them and wait for a toilet feeling a bit more leak down her left leg. She had spurted a bit in her panties, and she was getting really scared it was all going to come out when a stall door opened, and she was pushed in by Kana.

Kana didn’t leave her in peace though. She watched, and Saki too desperate to care, yanked her skirt and panties down and sat on the toilet. Then Kana noticed the wetness.

“She peed in her panties,” she told the whole bathroom.

Some of the girls giggled at it. Some of them walked out of the bathroom with disgusted faces, and a couple held their heads in sympathy shame for the girl. No one challenged Kana standing there, though, and Saki pulled her skirt and damp panties up to leave the stall.

“Wait a minute,” Kana said.

Kana flipped up Saki’s skirt so that those in the bathroom could see the back of her bottom, the gray and pink a little darker near her crotch than in the rest of the panties.

“She peed in her panties,” she said again.

Yuri walked up next to Saki while Kana still held her skirt so everyone could see. “You peed? When did you do this?” she asked the girl.

“Just before I got in the bathroom,” Saki said not really remembering exactly when it started.

“Well, I don’t know if this news will reach the boys or not, but you can bet I’ll tell them if you fight make things difficult, understand?”

Saki nodded.

“Good, let’s go back to class.”

*008*2011-12-25 06:47

{{: 

I would love if you also made her poop her pants in front of them. That would add to the humiliation aspect. But then again, most people may not agree with me.

}}

It's a possibility later, depending on if the story continues. I tend to abandon stories when they don't seem to be well liked, and I'm not sure yet, because this story is a bit... um... mean--even for me. However, if I were to have that, for those reading, I will definitely include a warning, and it's not likely to happen right away. I have to establish the situation first though. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy the third Chapter more than the second, when it comes out.

