Peer Tutor

Author: Cally Rae

*000*2020-04-12 16:37

Peer Tutor

Chapter 1:

Mia walked into the library, scanning the room. A few months back she had become a peer tutor because school had always come so naturally to her. Her teacher had talked her into it and now she really loved it, but she was nervous about the latest peer she had been assigned. Lucas Green was the star of the varsity basketball team, and his flowing brown hair and bulging muscles made Mia’s heart flutter a little.

Just then she caught his blue eyes glancing up at her and she managed a shy smile as she made her way over to him. She’d been worried that, like many of the jocks, he was seeking a tutor only because his eligibility was at stake, but she was happy to see that he had his algebra textbook out already and seemed to be studying a problem.

As she slid a chair up next to him, she said, “Hi, I’m Mia. You’re Lucas right?” as though she didn’t already know who he was. “ I’m your peer tutor.”

He looked up and smiled. “Hi Mia, I know who you are. We have Spanish together.” Mia blushed, surprised he knew her name. She always thought that jocks were too arrogant to care about anybody outside of their clique.

“Should we get started then?” She asked. He nodded and pulled out his most recent test. On the top was “D-“ in red pen. “Maybe we should start here.” Mia had him rework each of the problems he had missed, coaching him through the problems one step at a time. A couple of problems in she noticed that he started tapping his foot, but thought nothing of it. A few minutes later he started fidgeting his pencil, and after 15 minutes of revision he was frequently looking over at the door.

He had been acting very sweet, but Mia was sure he was secretly embarrassed to be seen studying with her.

About 30 minutes into the session, Lucas said, “Hey, um, do you mind if I run to the...”

Mia interrupted, “Don’t go running off on me yet. We’ve got a lot of work left to do still, and study hall is over in 15 minutes,” she said with a slight chuckle.

Lucas just blushed and kept working on his revision, but what Mia didn’t see was him crossing and recrossing his legs under the table, occasionally slipping his left hand under to adjust himself.

Lucas’s mind was racing, and he couldn’t hardly concentrate on his math anymore. He’d been hydrating all morning for his game that night, and had felt the slight urge to pee before study hall, but hadn’t wanted to be late to his first tutoring session. By now he had finished another water bottle, and was becoming desperate, but he thought it would be rude to leave when Mia was being so kind as to tutor him. And now that she’d asked him to stay, he couldn’t possibly leave.

Study hall was nearing it’s end and most of the other students had cleared out of the library already. By now Lucas was frantically tapping his foot and he had his thighs clamped together. Mia, who was much more focused on the algebraic equations, had only noticed the former, and was wondering if everything was okay. They quickly exchanged phone numbers and Mia assured him that he could text her if he needed any help on his homework. As they started to gather their things Mia asked, “Is everything alright Lucas?”

He realized he must not be doing as good of a job at hiding his desperation as he thought, but he responded, “What? Ya... I’m fine.” Just then the bell rang and practically jumped up and started hurrying away. He was about half way to the door of the library when Mia noticed he left his calculator behind.

“Hey Lucas, wait, you forgot your calculator.” She heard him mumble something underneath his breath, as he paused for a moment before slowing turning back towards her. He took a couple of steps towards her when his whole body froze, everything except his eyes that is, which slowing glanced downward. Mia followed his gaze down to his khaki pants that all of the basketball team wore for game day, just as a small wet patch formed on his crotch...

(to be continued)

*001*2020-04-12 23:03

Mia gasped silently looking up at his face to judge his reaction, but his eyes didn’t meet hers. His cheeks were glowing red. Unable to help her self she looked back down at his pants as the once small wet patch began expanding across the front of his pants. She watched as a small trickle made its way down his left leg, before being joined by a trickle on his right leg racing to catch up to the one on the left leg. The trickle become a wide streak down his inner right leg. As his stream died down a few drips hesitated at his pant hem before dripping onto the carpet.

Mia could not believe her eyes. She had just witnessed a 16 year old jock wet himself in the middle of the library. She look back at his face as a single tear slid down his right cheek, and her heart broke for him. Sure he was a jock, and some of his friends were a little mean, but he had been surprisingly sweet during their session and she felt so bad for him.

His feet still seemed glued to the floor. She sprang into action and quickly took charge of the situation. Looking around she only saw one other student in the far end of the library talking to the librarian. She bridged the remained couple of steps between them , but he did not move. His eyes were distant and more tears threatened to spill out if he blinked.

She took her backpack off and extended it to him saying, “Here take this.” He snapped back into focus, glancing at her, but only for a second before returning him gaze the floor.

“Um... Mia. I... I” he started.

“I know.” She said. “But you have to take this, it’s okay nobody has to find out.”

“But” he said.

“Lucas, seriously, just take this and go before someone sees you.”

He nodded shamefully, taking her backpack and awkwardly holding it in front of his pants. As he turned around she couldn’t help but notice two crescent shaped wet spots under his butt. Luckily the boys bathroom was just right around the corner.

She watched as he slipped in and began to ponder her many emotions.

First and foremost she was incredibly surprised that she had just see one of the most popular boys in the entire school have an accident. She was glad that Lucas had been so kind to her and serious about wanting to improve his schoolwork. She was worried about him and how he would get away with this without being seen. But what was really shocking to Mia was that witnessing him lose control like that had turned her on a little.

She hesitated outside the bathroom door for a minute wondering if there was anyway she could help. But she sighed, knowing that her presence would probably just embarrass Lucas even more, and she had already done what she could to help him, so she just walked off to class.

*002*2020-04-13 18:10

Mia was an exceptional student and always very attentive during lessons. But the next two periods of the day she could not stop thinking about that flowy brown hair and piercing blue eyes. She thought about his warm bright smile when he solved a problem, and quite frequently she found herself thinking about what it was like when he wet himself it the library. Near the end of 8th period, the last class of the day she felt her phone vibrate. It was from Lucas:

“I uh, still have your backpack. Meet me in the Cafeteria at 3:10?”

She smiled before responding,

“Sounds good, see you then. “

When Lucas got the message his spirits lifted a little. She didn’t hate him at least, or maybe she was just being nice. But at least she wasn’t making fun of him.

Lucas heart was beating so fast when the final bell rang at 3:00. He wasn’t the type to get nervous around girls, but this girl, he didn’t know why but something was different about her. She was the nicest person he’d even met, and beautiful in an effortless way. Her blonde hair looked to pretty, even just pulled back in a pony tail. And what he really liked was that she was kind to him, not just because he was good at basketball. And now he had scewed it all up. His cheeks burned just thinking about the earlier incident. And he shuddered thinking about how this wasn’t the first time he’d had an accident like that. It was however the first time he’d gotten caught.

No matter how nice Mia was, there’s no way she could just keep this to herself. By 3:07 only a few stragglers remained in the hall, and he packed all his stuff deep into his backpack. He cringed when his fingers felt the damp fabric at the bottom of his bag. Then he grabbed both his and Mia’s backpack and started towards the cafeteria with his head held low.

Mia looked up from her book and saw Lucas approaching still looking deeply ashamed. The cafeteria was nearly empty. She gave him an encouraging smile and said, “Hey Lucas,” perhaps a little too brightly.

“Um... hi.” His head was still down. “Here’s your, uh, your backpack.” He said.

This was out of character for him; Lucas was anything but shy. But all Mia could think was how cute he sounded when he stammered nervously.

“Thanks for uh, you know, letting me... borrow... it.” He finished.

She noticed he was now wearing some black athletic shorts and a t-shirt, and she was both relieved and confused. Taking this in, she forgot to respond and and saw him glumly turn to walk away.

“Wait, Lucas.” She grabbed his arm. Wow, he really was strong.

He stopped and looked back at her with a glimmer of hope it his eyes. “I don’t mean to pry or anything,” she said. “But what happened? And how did everything go... you obviously...” she lowered her voice to a whisper, “changed.... how?” Mia asked trying not to sound overly interested.

Lucas sighed, “Can we not talk about this right here? Could I walk you to your car?”

“”Don’t you have a game?” She asked.

Maybe she was just trying to make up an excuse, he thought. “Well ya, but I don’t have to be a warm ups till 5:30... I understand if you don’t want me too though.”

She smiled, “No, I’d like that.”

They started walking to the parking lot, both of the silent for a couple minutes.

“Lucas?” Mia said softly. “I’m not gonna tell anyone.”

He was quiet for a second, then he sighed once again, looking around, glad nobody was nearby. “It’s just... ugh. It’s so embarrassing to be 16 years old and have... like, you know,” he lowered his voice even more, “accidents like this.”

Wait... Mia thought. Did he just say accidents. As in accidentsssss, as in this has happened before. In a barely audible whisper she said, “Accidentsss? Um, has this happened before?”

Realizing what he had just admitted to, his face got beat red and he stammered, “What?... uh. No. I mean... No. I didn’t... I haven’t... I, until today I... I meant, um, accident, like one.”

“Lucas???” Mia said, not buying it.

Mumbling he said, “itmayhavehappenedonceortwice.”

“What?” She asked, unable to understand him.

“It May have happened once or twice,” he whispered.

She just looked at him softly, not sure what to say.

“Ughhhh” he said.

“What?”

“Well...” he started. “I shouldn’t even be telling you this.”

Mia gave him a questioning look.

“You’re so sweet and pretty and I wanted to ask you earlier in the library if you wanted to hang out sometime, but obviously you’d never hang out with me after I pissed my pants in front of you and then cried about it like a baby.” He blurted out.

She softened, “Lucas, I don’t think you’re a baby. I actually admired your kindness and willingness to learn...” she smiled, “but I can’t answer your question when you haven’t answered mine. “What happened after you left the library, how did you get changed?”

“How about you come ‘study’ with me tomorrow afternoon, and then I can tell you?” Lucas said.

Tomorrow is a Friday, Mia thought, her parents would probably let her hang out that evening, especially if she was ‘tutoring a friend’. “That sounds lovely,” she said.

*003*2020-04-13 18:48

Friday Afternoon:

They had planned for Lucas to pick Mia after he got done with practice and bringing her back to his place to study.

Meanwhile, Mia was waiting nervously at home.

MIA’s POV:

I can’t believe I’m going to Lucas Green’s house. Lucas Green said I was pretty. Okay, Mia, chill. You are not this girl, drooling over jocks. Well maybe he’s different, she battled out her thoughts. One in particular popped into her head, how could she have watch Lucas embarrass himself as he not only wet himself in front of me, but also let it slip that he’s had accidents in his recent past. How could I watch that and not tell him that I wet the bed until I was 12?! Am I a terrible person?

No I couldn’t have told him, he could tell the whole school, and who are they gonna believe, me or him.

Ugh I don’t know. I need to get dressed. Mia pulled her hair down, picking out some slightly ripped jeans and a black v-neck for her study date... was it a date? Are we even going to study? She picked out some dainty gold jewelry to complete the outfit.

She saw Lucas pull up outside and rushed out the door, hollering goodbye before they realized that other student she was tutoring was a boy.

End POV

As Mia walked out of her house Lucas smiled, she was dressed simply, but her hair was down and she just looked so cute.

“You look nice,” he said as she hopped in the car. “I picked us up some coffee on the way over here.”

“Thank you.”

“So... I just want to get this over with,” he said. “I know you have some questions. Is it okay if we just drive around, we can stop at the park and talk in the car, but I don’t want to be around my parents, or anyone else for that matter...?”

“That’s fine Lucas. Look, I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable by asking questions yesterday. If you don’t want to do this you don’t have to. We can just forget about what happened yesterday, and move on.”

Lucas considered this for a moment, taking a big drink of his iced coffee, and then answered, “No, I think you deserve to know, especially having seen... it. I’m just nervous because I have never told anyone this before.”

“You can trust me.”

“Yeah I’m starting to sense that.”

“So, for starters, you never told me what happened yesterday after you left the library.”

“Well, I was holding your backpack, as you know, but that really didn’t offer too much coverage, so I got to the bathroom as fast as I could. Thankfully there was no one in there. I went in the stall, but it was evident that I could not wear these pants back to class! They were soaked. And getting cold. Then I remembered had I a spare set of practice clothes in my locker, the only trouble was how to get them. I waited until the bell rang and everyone was back in class, at least I hoped. I go to step outside the bathroom thinking the halls are clear and right on the other side is Mr. Johnson.

I quickly hopped back into the bathroom, but I was so scared that... I actually wet myself a little more. Guess I was so shocked earlier that I didn’t realize I wasn’t done. I waited a couple more minutes and then I hurried out to my locker, grabbed my backpack, and hurried back to the bathroom. Then I just changed my clothes and put the wet stuff in the bottom of my bag, and went back to class. I was a little late but I didn’t get into too A much trouble. And when someone asked I just said I got some food on me during lunch and I had to change.”

He breathed a sigh I relief, surprised that he had just told all of that to the pretty girl sitting beside him, but she was actually really easy to talk to. He drank deeply from his coffee.

“Oh my gosh! I can’t believe Mr Johnson almost caught you. Can you imagine? You got pretty luck actually.” Mia said.

“I guess so. Okay my turn to ask you a question. How come you’re so comfortable about this? Like you don’t get all squeamish when we talk about it, and you didn’t even freak out yesterday when I literally wet myself in front of you.” Lucas didn’t realize that just by talking to Mia he was starting to open up a little, and refer more directly to what had happened.

“Well...” Mia thought for a second. I should tell him. “Yesterday you said I wouldn’t know what it’s like to have accident like that as a 16 year old... and I guess maybe I don’t, but there is something I should tell you... I don’t know how.”

“I think after what I’ve told you, you can tell just about anything Mia.”

“You’re right. Well... the thing is, I used to... I used to wet the bed.”

“...Mia everybody does that when they’re little. It’s not the same thing,” Lucas said.

“Okay, but Luke, I wasn’t exactly little.” A sadness he hadn’t seen in Mia before came over her. “I wet the bed until I was 12.”

“I’m sorry Mia, that sounds hard,” he said. “I don’t like to see you sad. You can go back to asking me questions if you want.”

“I was wondering, you said earlier you didn’t want to talk about this kind of think with your parents around. Don’t your parents know?”

“Kind of... They don’t know the full extent of it. I’ve started doing my own laundry because I don’t want them to know.”

“Why? They’re your parents, they love you.”

He downed the rest of his coffee before saying, “they love basketball playing Lucas Green, not pants wetting baby Lukie.”

Mia felt so sad for him. “Lucas do you really think that’s how they’ll feel?”

He just offered a sad nod.

“Hey Lucas?” He looked up as a tear spilled out of his eye. “That’s not that how I feel.”

He smiled. This girl is unbelievable. “Thank you, Mia. That means a lot,” he said. He was surprised how good it felt to finally open up to someone about this, But some part of him still thought she’d change her mind if she ever found out the truth about his not so little problem.

Speaking of problem, he was starting to need to pee, and he knew how fast caffein worked his way through him. But he didn’t want Mia to know, this was humiliating. So he just subtly crossed his legs.

“So, you mentioned that this is a bit of a reoccurring thing... what’s that like, and how have you gotten away with it for so long.” Mia said, bringing him back in.

“Oh, well I’m generally pretty careful, knowing these things could happen. And like I said I do my own laundry.” Lucas said, recrossing his legs the other way.

Mia nodded, not noticing his need to relief himself. A song came in the radio that she like, so she turned it up and started talking to him about music instead. She figured she had embarrassed him enough for the day.

Deep in conversation about artists and genres, Lucas become more and more desperate, but he didn’t know how to interrupt and tell her that they needed to go back to his house, quickly. It was becoming impossible for him to sit there without squirming.

Eventually said, “Mia I need, we need to go over to my house now.”

This caught her by surprise, as they seemed to be having a good conversation. But one look over at him with his legs crossed tightly and a worried expression on his face, she instantly understood.

“Okay lets go then,” she said with a smile.

He was relieved that she had simply agreed without questioning him, but now a new concern occupied him. In order to drive home he would need to uncross is legs to get his foot the gas, and he wasn’t entirely confident that he could do that without losing control.

Seeing him hesitate Mia gave him a questioning glance.

No he would not openly admit to the smart, pretty girl beside him that he was on the verge of having an accident. He was 16, a man he thought. He could make it home. Slowly he uncrossed his legs and backed the car up. He was relieved when he didn’t immediately leak. A little more confidently now he drove them out of the park. It was only 15 minute drive home from there. The car was quiet as Lucas couldn’t be bothered to make conversation anymore, and Mia knew what was going on although he didn’t know that. And she didn’t want to embarrass him by bringing it up.

Occasionally Mia would give him a cursory glance.

About 5 minutes in he was reaching his limit. His legs were pressed tightly together, but he refused to hold himself like a child with the girl we was crushing on right there. Once in a while he would look over at her and she would try to pretend like she wasn’t already looking at him. It was obvious that she knew what his predicament was, and he was blushing furiously.

Only 5 minutes away from the house now, Lucas was beginning to think he would make it, that is until they hit a huge pot hole all of the sudden.

*004*2020-04-14 14:18

Lucas was beginning to think he would make it, that is until they hit a huge pot hole all of the sudden. He gasped out loud as a short squirt escaped, followed by another slightly longer squirt. He clamped down on his bladder as hard as he could and had some success in stemming the flow.

Mia looked over at him, preparing herself for what she might see. When she saw only a tiny, golf ball sized wet spot in between his legs she was surprised and relieved for him.

Lucas looked over and saw her looking at his crotch. When she looked up she gave him a soft smile, sad to see the shame he was wearing on his face. The worst of it was now that he’d lost control for a moment, it was the much harder to hold on. The remaining pee begged to be released, and he couldn’t help but put one hand on his crotch while the other held the wheel. As subtle as he was trying to be, it was clear that Mia knew exactly what he was doing and why. He was absolutely humiliated. He lost control again, but this time it was more of a slow leak, that became a small trickle. This one last several seconds before he was able to stop it.

Looking down he could now see a softball sized wet batch on the front of his jeans. He didn’t even want to see what the back of his jeans looked like. And he couldn’t bring himself to look at Mia. His house come into view and he drove down the windy road before pulling into his driveway.

He still needed to pee, though I little less desperately now. But he didn’t want to get up and broadcast his shame.

After about a minute of just sitting in the parked car, Mia said, “Lucas, we’re gonna have to go in eventually.”

He sniffled, a single tear ran down his cheek as he nodded.

Mia surprised him, and herself, by leaning in and brushing the tear off and giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.

“Come on,” she said, unbuckling her seat belt and opening the car door.

“M-my parents...”

She tossed him his sweatshirt that was in the back seat. “Throw this around your waist.”

He sighed, finally getting up and Mia was rewarded with a view of his butt, sporting a wet patch the size of a plate. He put the sweatshirt on with urgency as he realized how much he still needed to go. They entered the house and didn’t immediately see his parents. Lucas dashed up to his room and into the adjoining bathroom and slammed the door. Mia followed slowly behind. When she entered the room she couldn’t help but notice a faint smell of pee. Unsure of what to do, she pulled her work out of her backpack, thinking it would be best if she was busy with something when he came out.

She sat down on the edge of his bed and noticed a loud distinct crinkle. Poor Lucas, she thought.

A couple of minutes later he came out of the bathroom, his eyes a little redder and puffier, and Mia noticed that the front of his jeans were a little wetter than they had been.

Wordlessly he walked to his dresser, pulled out some different clothes and reentered his bathroom.

Mia kept working on her homework, ignoring the tingling feeling below her waist.

Meanwhile, in the bathroom Lucas got changed thinking about the pretty girl in the next room. How could he face her? And why did this keep happening in front of her? He took a deep breath and walked out of the bathroom in a fresh pair of jeans.

“So, do you hate me?” Lucas asked.

“Of course not. Why would you think that.”

He walked over and sat down on the bed beside her cringing when the plastic sheet crinkled. Ugh... did she notice that?

He looked at her questioningly, but she said nothing about the noise from the sheet.

“It’s not very often you see a 16 year old pee his pants... and twice in 2 days? This is ridiculous,” he said.

“Can I tell you a secret?” Mia said.

Lucas just thought she was trying to make him feel better, but there was no secrete that she had that could compare to his. But he said, “sure.”

“I...” she couldn’t bring herself to tell him how his accident made her feel all tingly. Maybe someday, she thought.

“You what?” Lucas asked.

“I, um, I just care about you a lot already Lucas. And I know that your accidents make you feel ashamed... or idk worried, and I just want you to know if doesn’t change how I think about you.”

“Um, thanks Mia. That means a lot to me, really.”

“And you can tell me if there’s anything else on your mind.” Mia said.

“Uh, nope. Nothing really...”

Mia gently pulled back his comforter, and put her hand on his top sheet and rubbed her hand down the mattress and back up. The plastic sheet crinkled. “Luke...”

He said nothing choosing instead to look at his feet.

“I know what a plastic sheet sounds like Lucas.”

“What exactly did you want me to say, Mia?!” He snappped. “Oh ya, in addition to having a weak bladder and occasionally pissing my pants, I also wet the bed almost every night. Is that what you want to hear?!”

Now is was her turn to get teary eyed. “No, of course not. I don’t want to hear that you’re going through something difficult that you can’t control, or how fustrated it makes you.” She sniffled. “I just care about you Lucas, and I thought you trusted me.”

He wrapped his strong arms around the girl. “I’m sorry Mia, I didn’t mean to snap at you.” He sighed and pulled back. “I’m not mad at you, you’ve been so kind to me through all of this. I’m just mad at myself.”

“Why are you mad at yourself?”

He said, “I’m mad because I’m 16 and I can’t even control my own bladder. Sometimes people at school think I’ve got it all together, basketball, looks, popularity,” Mia realized she had been one of those people at times, and she felt bad that she thought she knew everything there was to know about Lucas before she even met him. “But sometimes I just feel so alone. I have lots of friends, but I’ve been avoiding them lately and making excuses. I never go to sleepovers and there’s always this thought in the back of my head that none of them would still be here if they knew my secret.” He plopped all the way back on his bed, this time not worrying about his sheet, and stared at the ceiling.

Mia lay back with him and said, “Lucas, you are so brave, going through all of this alone. I’m so sorry you’ve felt so isolated lately. Does anyone else know?”

“Well my parents know that I wet the bed... and my brother,” he said. “That would be impossible to hide, and that’s why I started doing my own laundry. I hated the thought of my mom handling my pissy sheets and pajamas.” He said. “And they’ve seen me caught short and have a minor leak or something before... but they don’t really know how bad it is.”

“So I guess, not. No one really knows... except you now,” he said.

“Well I’m glad you told me then,” Mia said. “You shouldn’t have to go through this alone. Has your little brother had any trouble wetting the bed?”

Lucas rolled his eyes. “No. It’s so frustrating. Do you know what it’s like having my 9 year old brother easily stay dry every night, while I try everything and still wake up soaked.”

Mia snuggled over and lay her head on His chest, saying “that sounds horrible. I hope you don’t mind if I ask you, and feel free to tell me to mind my own business, but how often do you wet the bed?”

He sighed once again, “About 5 or 6 times a week, I guess.”

“Have you always wet the bed?” she asked.

“Well until I was 10 it was every night. Then once and a while for another 3 years. But for a while when I was about 13 it stopped completely, for maybe a year or so... but it come back stronger than ever and that’s when I started having an occasional day time accident too.” he answered.

Mia was surprised my how much detail he was going into. Although he was a little embarrassed, he seemed relieved to finally be talking about this with someone.

“Huh,” Mia said. “That’s weird that it stopped and came back even worse. Have you been to a doctor at all?”

“No, not for this at least, since I was maybe 11 or 12. But you know what it’s like in a small town. My doctor is my friend’s dad, and I know he can’t tell his son anything because of confidentiality stuff, but I cringe thinking about going over to his house and seeing his dad. Or thinking about declining a sleepover once again and his dad would know exactly why...”

“I can see why that would be uncomfortable... have you ever considering using, you know, like protection.”

For a second Lucas was confused but then a shot straight up out of the bed. “What you mean like a diaper?! Are you kidding. Just because I piss my bed doesn’t mean I’m a frickin’ baby.”

Ugh, Mia shook her head. She shouldn’t have asked. She stood up and took both of his hands in hers. “Lucas, I didn’t say you were a baby. I just thought you might be more comfortable if you weren’t sleeping in cold wet sheets or trying to wash them every morning.”

He sat back down. “I guess I see where you’re coming from. But I can’t imagine that. And like I said, it’s a small town, if people see my mom out and about buying diapers in my size, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out who they’re for.”

“I’m sorry Lucas, you’re right. It’s none of my business anyways. Should we work on your school work for a little while? That is what I came over for right?” Mia said with a smile.

“Sure. Anything’s better than talking about this.” he said pulling out his homework.

Mia talked him through multivariable equations and methods like isolation and substitution for solving. About an hour in Lucas’s dad Paul knocked on the door and stuck his head in.

“Ahh, you must be Mia,” he said. “Whipping my boy into shape are you?”

Mia chuckled, “Yes sir. We’ve got a long way to go.”

“Would you like to stay for dinner Mia?” ha asked.

Me looked at Lucas, who smiled and nodded, before answering “Sure, Mr. Green. Thank you.”

“No problem, and call me Paul.

15 minutes later they were all sitting down at the table eating hamburgers and talking about basketball. Mia could see that Lucas’s parents we’re proud of him, and she could help but wonder how they would react if they knew their star player was no stranger to wetting his pants. Or what they would think if they knew he’d peed his pants in front of her. But she pushed those thoughts from her mind and tried to enjoy her dinner.

After eating, Lucas drove her home, giggling at her as she sang every word to one of the songs. This girl was full of surprises, and her personality was just as beautiful as she was. Even after everything that had happened that day he couldn’t help but smile. When he got to her house, he opened her door like a gentleman, and walked her to the porch.

“I had fun tonight,” Mia said.

“Me too,” Lucas said. She fumbled with her keys, and He took this as an opportunity to lean in, brush the hair out of her face and plant one soft kiss on her lips. Just as he started to pull back, she reciprocated sliding her hand up his back.

She took a step back, smiled, and said, “So I guess this was a date then?”

He chuckled and said, “I guess you could say that. We should do this again sometime.”

“Yeah,” Mia responded, “and maybe with less studying.”

And less pants wetting too, Lucas thought. But instead he just smiled and said goodnight.

Mia stepped inside and leaned back against the door. She wanted to cherish this moment.

*008*2020-05-07 03:32

Saturday:

Lucas was getting desperate again. He was in the car with Mia, and she was trying to get him to a bathroom before he had an accident.

“We can just go to my house, it’s closer,” she said. He just nodded and jammed his right hand in his crotch.

Mia reaches over and grabbed his spare hand, holding it.

Just as she was near her exit they spotted construction and she was forced to make a detour. As she veered away from the route they planned on taking he lost the first spurt. Soon after another spurt escaped.

“Mia, I can’t hold on,” he said. Looking down at the softball sized wet patch on his crotch.

“It’s okay Lucas, you can let go, you know I won’t judge you.” She responded.

“What? That’s crazy you want me to wet myself on purpose?” He asked.

“Well,” she said. “You’re probably not gonna make it anyway right?”

He frowned as a slow steady trickle escaped. She was right, I might as well get it over with and at least be a little more comfortable. He released his last shred of control and his pee flooded out of him. Both of their eyes were on his rapidly growing wet patch. Mia pulled the car to the side of the road and kissed him passionately. He kissed her back still peeing as she placed her hand on his crotch. For some odd reason he didn’t feel at all embarrassed, and he was actually enjoying the sensation of warm pee encompassing his groin as the beautiful girl kissed him. The hot pee dribbled over her hand, but she didn’t seem to mind. She only kissed him harder.

Lucas woke up with a start, breathing heavily as a last trickle of pee escaped him. Crap, he thought. I wet the bed again. As frustrated as he was with himself, he thought back to his dream and the way Mia had cupped his groin and kissed him intensely. Something about the thought had him cupping his own warm wet groin, fantasizing about his dream, and wondering what it would be like to see Mia wet herself. Soon he released a different kind of bodily fluids into his sheets. Good thing he needed to wash them anyways.

Now that his excitement had past and his sheets were no longer warm, but cold and clammy, all that remained was shame. It was bad enough that he once again wet the bed, but the fact that he momentarily took pleasure in it was even worse. What a freak he thought. He got out of bed stripping his wet clothes off in disgust. He turn to his bed, the grey sheets had a big dark wet patch about 3 feet around. Sighing he stripped them off of his bed and put them in the pile with his wet clothes.

Grabbing his towel he entered the bathroom and turned the shower on. He felt dirty in more ways than one as he contemplated his dream, and his fantasies of Mia feeling up his warm wet pants and even having her own accident. She’d never talk to him again if she found out, he thought. What he didn’t know is that she would love nothing more than to engage in those fantasies with him.

Mia woke up, and her thoughts immediately turned to Lucas. She felt so bad about his accidents, and hated to see him humiliated, but a small part of her thought longingly about watching him have another accident. She wished she could tell him about how sexy she thought he looked wetting his pants, or how she longed to pull him in close and feel the warm wet fabric of his clothes against her.

And one thought in particular that continued to pop into her head was: what would it feel like to wet herself like Lucas had a tendency to do.

She decided to text him, and make sure he knew she was being genuine last night.

“Good morning Lucas. I’m looking forward to seeing you again. How did you sleep last night?”

Happy with her text, which she thought was the perfect balance of an innocent question while also leaving the door open for him to elaborate if he felt compelled to, she sent it.

When Lucas hopped out of the shower and got dressed in some sweat pants and a loose fitting t-shirt, he was pleasantly surprised to see a text from Mia waiting for him.

He read the text blushing at the mention of how he slept. It was as if she knew exactly what he was thinking. There was no way however he would tell her about her dream.

“Pretty well... all things considered,” he responded. He didn’t want to hide the truth from her; he had in fact wet the bed which he knew was what she was actually referring to when she asked how he slept. But he was starting to feel really comfortable around her, and he figured he could at least hint at wet bed without actually saying it.

Mia picked up her phone when she got his message. Poor guy, she thought, immediately catching on to what he was implying. He clearly doesn’t want to talk about it though, so she thoughtfully changed the topic without another mention of his accident.

*009*2020-05-08 04:10

The weekend was pretty uneventful for both Mia and Lucas. He managed to go both days without another accident, even waking up dry on Sunday morning, which always put him in a good mood. They exchanged a few texts, which were growing more flirty each day.

On Sunday afternoon, Rebecca, Mia’s mom got a text from her sister, that she’d gone into labor a couple of weeks early. After a quick phone call between Mia’s mom and her Aunt, and a discussion between her parents, they had decided to go stay with her Aunt Kasey for a week to help her adjust to life with a new born. Mia was disappointed because she was originally going to go with her parents and spend time with her new baby cousin, but she had too many tests going on at school that week to even considering going with them.

Since Mia was a very responsible 17 year old, her parents were comfortable leaving her home by herself for the week.

Her parents left that night leaving her home by herself without much to do. She decided she better do some laundry for school that week, when an idea struck her. This was the perfect opportunity to explore her curiosities about what is was like for Lucas having his accidents. She’d be doing laundry anyways, so she would really be creating any extra problems for herself, and she already felt a need to relieve herself.

She went to the kitchen and gulped down two tall glasses of water. She wanted to be desperate like Lucas was when he wet himself. She poured herself another big glass of water and headed to her room.

Evaluating her need she was probably at about a 4/10, so Mia a flipped on a movie, vowing to herself that she wouldn’t give in to her need until the movie was in. She flopped into her bed and took a big drink of water.

About 30 minutes she’d finished about half of her new glass of water on top of the 2 from earlier, and it was quickly making itself know in her bladder. She was up to about a 6 out of 10, which was certainly uncomfortable, but not unmanageable, so she tried to ignore it.

45 minutes later her 3rd glass of water was empty, and the movie was getting to the good part, not that Mia was hardly watching. Her urge had gone up to about an 8 and she couldn’t sit still she was fidgeting, and crossing her legs, a position she’d seen Lucas in on Friday. She thought, it wasn’t long after this point that he’d lost control and wet himself, but she wasn’t worried because she knew he had a weaker bladder than her.

10 minutes later the movie was nearing the end, and Mia had her hand jammed into her crotch. She thought she very well might have a genuine accident before the movie was over, but she wanted to wait it out. There was only about 10 minutes left anyway.

As the credits rolled it was all Mia could do to remain in control of her bladder. She didn’t want to be in her bed when she wet herself, so she forced herself to sit up. A tiny leak managed to escape, dampening her baby blue cotton panties, but no wetness was visible on her light-washed blue jeans. Very carefully she removed her hand from her crotch, losing another squirt in the process.

She didn’t want to give up yet. She wanted to really know how Lucas felt when he was trying to regain control and fight his need, even after leaking. She scooted to the edge of the bed, okay no more leaks she thought. That was good.

She gingerly stood up, keeping her legs pressed together. Despite her best efforts a trickle escaped, but she was able to stop it after a couple of seconds. She looked down, taking in the sight of the softball sized wet patch on her crotch. Not wanting to stain her carpet she decided to go to her bathroom which was down the hall. She took a few steps, and started leaking. Mia jammed her hand into her crotch, attempting to stop the leak and also enjoying the warm denim against her privates.

She waddled toward the bathroom with her hand pressed into her crotch and leaning forward. Every couple of steps she leaked a little bit. Finally she made it into the bathroom and admired her wet jeans in the mirror. She had a medium sized wet spot on the front of her jeans with wide steaks about half way down to her knees on both sides.

She reached her hand inside her jeans and underwear clamping a finger right over her pee hole. A tickle caught in her nose and she sneezed, her finger the only thing preventing herself from losing control completely. She wanted to know what that would feel like so she slowly removed her finger, opening the flood gates as a torrent of pee rushed out of her. The tingly sensation she’d experienced when Lucas wet himself as much more intense as she watched herself in the mirror with the pee still gushing out of her. The streams of pee broke off into new paths all of which raced towards her socks. She watched as the saturated fabric gave up and pee went straight through the jeans and onto the floor in a puddle the grew in all directions. Finally her flow stopped naturally and she forced the last little bit out, briefly splashing her feet in her puddle.

She felt the a different kind a wetness, more slippery, mixing with the pee in panties. She massaged herself through her jeans and panties, enjoying the feeling of the warm fabric. However, her body demanded for more direct pressure, she she slipped her hand back inside her pants and continued pleasuring herself until the tingling sensation intensified and spread from her groin to every area of her body, causing her to curl her toes before relaxing and taking a deep breath.

Wow. She thought. If only Lucas saw her now... she wondered what he would think. He’d probably be disgusted that she willingly took part in the thing he hated most about himself, and that she’d actually enjoyed it.

She contemplated this as she cleaned up the bathroom floor, stripped out of her wet clothes, and threw them along with some other clothes in the wash. She finished the night by taking a long hot shower and turning in early. As she drifted off to sleep she thought about Lucas and how she looked forward to seeing him at school tomorrow.

*011*2020-05-10 22:22

Monday morning:

“Luuuuuucas. Lucas!” His mom called from the bottom of the stairs. “Lucas you’re gonna be late!”

...Nothing. She went up stairs, entering his room to wake him up. She opened his door and saw her 6’ tall, teenage son fast asleep, with his covers kicked off the bed. His grey sweat pants were soaked in the crotch and the dark grey sheets around his mid section were a shade darker than the rest.

Poor kid, she thought. Amy didn’t want to embarrass her son by waking him up, and learning that his mom had seen him humiliated in his wet sheets, but he was already running late, and he’d need a shower before going to school. Sighing she walked over and sat on the edge of his bed, pulling her hand back when it felt cold wet fabric. She shook him awake saying, “Lucas, honey. You gotta get up, you’re gonna be late for school.”

He was startled awake out of a deep sleep, and opened his eyes to see his mom looking at him. The shock was enough to prompt his full bladder to empty on its own. He shot straight up, clamping a hand on his crotch, which did nothing but draw his mother’s attention to his already wet pants as they grew even darker with fresh pee, and a stream flowed over his hand.

“Mom!” He said putting a finger directly over his penis. “How many times have I told you NoT to come in my room!” He yelled hobbling to his bathroom with pee running down both of his legs. The door slammed.

Lucas was in the bathroom but it was already far too late. He took a shaky breath as he watched his ashamed reflection. There was no point trying to get to the toilet now. He had lost all control, pee gushing out of him, soaking straight through his sweats. He watched as a golden waterfall cascaded down to the huge puddle on the floor.

Sighing, he grabbed a couple of towels from the cabinet and threw them down to absorb his puddle of shame. He turned on the shower stepped in and broke down in sobs. This wasn’t supposed to happen to him.

Feeling bad enough about his accidents, which had been increasing in number lately, his mom seeing not only him asleep in his wet bed, but to have her wake him up and watch him piss himself while at least partly awake was the worst possible thing that could have happened for Lucas.

How was he supposed to face his mother now.

He stepped out of the shower toweling off, and gloomily got dressed for school, and threw his sheets in the wash. He trudged downstairs, and grabbed his keys, avoiding eye contact with hismother.

“Cam if you want a ride to school, I’m leaving.” Lucas said, leaving his little brother to scramble to put away his breakfast and grab his school stuff, and quickly run out to the car, which was already on with Lucas inside.

Frustrated with Lucas’s lack of patience with him, Cam smirked as he hopped in the car. “Hey bedwetter, why the long face?”

Lucas ignored him even though his comment stung.

“I heard mom telling dad that you had another accident, said she scared the piss right out of ya,” Cam said with a laugh.

Lucas slammed the car to a stop. “Do you want to walk to school? Or how would you like a fist to your face?”

“Oh ya? Well maybe I’ll just tell all the kids at school that you’re a bed wetting baby,” he taunted.

Lucas knew if Cam ever did anything like that his parents would punish him heavily, but it would matter. By then his social life would be over and he’d never stop getting picked on at school. His friends would ditch him and he’d have no one.

Lucas softened, “Cam, please. Don’t do that. Listen, I’m sorry I snapped at you earlier, really I am. I shouldn’t take my anger out on you. But seriously, please don’t tell anyone.”

That’s all Cam wanted to hear, an apology. He would never actually tell anybody, no matter what happened, even he knew the implications of something like that getting out. “You know I wouldn’t tell anyone,” he said.

“Love you little man,” Lucas said offering him a knucks as he dropped him off at his school.

Lucas drove the rest of the way to his school. It felt like it had been a long day already. As he walked into school he felt someone shove him. “Watch it,” he said turning around, but his anger dissipated when he saw Mia.

“Woah, what’s up with you grumpy pants?” Mia joked.

“I’m sorry Mia. It’s been a rough morning. I’m so glad to see you though.”

“What happened,” she asked concerned.

Lucas recounted how his mom had barged into his room to wake him up, saw him laying soaked in his own pee, and proceeded to wake him up. “She literally scared the piss out of me Mia,” he laughed but there was nothing funny about it at the time.

Then he told her about his fight with his brother and how he’d threatened to tell all of his friends about his ‘night problem’ as he called it.

Mia gave him a hug, “That sounds awful Luke. I’m sorry. Do you think your brother would actually tell anyone?”

Lucas shrugged, “I don’t know. I don’t think so, but you never know.”

Mia planted a kiss on his cheek. “I’ll see you during study hall for tutoring, and this time we actually need to study.”

“Okay, Lucas said if we must, I’d much rather do this,” Lucas said kissing her back but on the lips this time.

“Lucas!!” She squealed, swatting at him with her book. “We’re at school”

She giggled walking away, “see ya later,” he said as she walked away.

*012*2020-05-11 03:07

When Lucas walked into the library later that day, Mia was already waiting for him. But after his last tutoring session, he wasn’t about to skip out on using the bathroom for punctuality’s sake.

Mia was impressed by how much Lucas had already improved, as he took control of most of the problems on his own.

Soon enough study hall was over, and as they gathered their things together Mia asked Lucas about his games for the week.

“I have one tonight but then I don’t have another one until Friday.” He said.

“So do you want to come over and not study on Tuesday?” Mia asked.

“Wouldn’t miss it,” he said, giving her a quick peck before heading off to class.

...

1 quarter into the game and Lucas felt the first signal from his bladder. He’d been hydrating all day for his game, coach’s orders, and it was catching up to him. Since he’d last gone to the bathroom he’d had a bottle of Gatorade and one and a half big bottles of water.

At first he was able to push it from his mind and focus on the game, but as the game wore on, he become growingly distracted and started missing shots left and right. He dribbled the ball off of his foot and missed a couple of rebounds that he should have been able to snag. Now he was making a complete fool of himself, and for what. He could easily go to the bathroom at halftime and come back strong in the second half.

When the half time buzzer sounded, Lucas’s team, the wildcats, was down 10. Coach was pretty angery as he talked to the team, even calling Lucas out specifically on a couple of occasions. When Coach Turner finally finished his halftime lecture, Lucas rushed off to use the bathroom.

As he was walking toward the door of the gym, he heard, “Green, where you going.” Turning around he saw Coach staring him down.

“Um, bathroom coach,” he said.

“After the way you shot this half? I don’t think so. Get some shots in before halftime’s over.”

Ugghhh, Lucas thought, but there was no point arguing. Besides he figured he didn’t really need to go that bad; he was just building it up in his head.

Mia, who has been watching Lucas play from the bleachers, was wondering what was up with Lucas, but after watching the encounter with him and his coach, she put it together. She was worried for his sake.

The game started up again and Lucas was able to get back in the groove a little, making a few shots and controlling the ball much better. Everything was going smoothly and his coach seemed much less grumpy as the Wildcats narrowed the gap between them and the other team.

However, Lucas’s grip on the game was not without consequences; with a couple minutes left in the third quarter he began to lose his grip on his bladder and lost a small spurt into his compression shorts. In a wide agile stance, Lucas had no way to control himself other than just clenching down on his bladder muscles. Thankfully, he stopped the flow, losing just one more spurt before doing so. With that the 3rd quarter ended, and the team huddled up, the five that had been playing most recently getting spots on the bench while everyone else circled around them.

Lucas was grateful for the opportunity to sit down and cross his legs for a moment.

The game resumed quickly however and Lucas was unable to sneak off to the bathroom. With a will power he didn’t know he had, Lucas made it most of the way through the fourth quarter without losing control of his bladder. 3 minutes left in the game and Lucas was running funny, but still had a grip on his bladder, that is until a he had the opportunity for a shot went up for it, and got clobbered by a defender winding up on the floor and losing control of his bladder for more than 5 seconds, clamping down with all his might he reduced the flow to intermittent dribbles. He discretely felt his shorts cringing with how wet they felt. Looking down he was relieved when it was almost invisible on his black Slicky shorts.

Only Mia, who was paying very close attention noticed the faint medium sized wet patch.

Lucas knew that if he continued playing now that he’d lost control he would fully wet himself in the middle of the court. Thinking quickly, he feigned injury to his ankle. As one of his teammates helped him up and he limped off the court, he hoped that nobody noticed the trickle that ran down his left leg.

*015*2020-05-12 04:46

Another player subbed in for him and he told his coach he was going to get ice. However, he walked out of the gym, loosing little spurts with every step, and went directly to the bathroom, relieving what was left in his bladder.

He turned and faced the mirror, cringing when he could see the slightly darker material outlined, but he was almost sure that no one would be able to tell unless they were up very close, and he’d be showering and changing right after the game which was almost over anyways. Lucas quickly grabbed ice and reentered the gym.

“Luke, have the trainer look at that ankle of yours.” Coach said upon seeing him. Lucas was about to object but Mike, the athletic trainer, was already there urging him to go with him, so he had no choice but to follow. In the athletic trainers office, Lucas was instructed to lay down on the bench and bend his injured leg up. He did as he was told, but by propping his leg up, he consequently gave the trainer a perfectly good look at the wet patch on his shorts.

Mike was grabbing some athletic tape, and when he turned back around it was painfully obvious to Lucas that he noticed his shame by the way he did a double take.

A look of disgust and confusion crossed his face for only a fraction of a second before he smiled uncomfortably and said, “let’s check that ankle out Lucas.”

However fleeting his shock was, Lucas caught it and was humiliated. As the Mike taped up his ankle, he noticed that he would occasionally glance suspiciously at his crotch. This could not get over any sooner. Finally the ankle was taped up and he was able to head to the locker room.

The game was of course over by now, and when Lucas walked out of the trainers office Mia was waiting for him. “Hey Lucas,” she said.

“Hey Mia, what are you doing back here.” The trainer’s office was down a side hallway, and the people attending the game were not really supposed to be back there.

She looked both directions making sure they were alone and then got up really close to him. “I wanted to see if you were actually injured... or if you left the game early for some other reason,” she said, still looking him in the eyes but placing one hand on his inner thigh. The saturated feeling of the fabric only confirmed what she already thought she knew.

His eyes grew wide and his cheeks were red. “You saw that?!” He responded with a whisper.

“I had my suspicions. I thought you were acting kind of funny and when you got fouled I could kind of see it while you were on the floor, but I promise, it wasn’t very noticeable at all.”

“I had to look realllly closely,” she added, delicately tracing the outline on his shorts with her finger. As embarrassed as he was, her gentle touch and teasing was turning him on a little. However, with that she gave him a kiss on the check and said, “see you tomorrow.” And walked away grinning as she knew full an well what her effect was on him.

...

Author’s Note:

This is my first story ever on this app. I’m not sure yet where Lucas and Mia might get up to next, but I’m enjoying writing this. Feedback is appreciated, as well as constructive criticism.

*018*2020-05-13 03:46

{{4 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I love the idea of Mia discovering her.. I guess love.. for desperation and wetting. I’m not sure how you can combine them because Lucas doesn’t like his accidents but I’m interested to where this is going!!

}}

I think Mia’s... shall we say support... will help Lucas become more comfortable with a new side of himself. If you remember back a few chapters to Lucas’s dream, he enjoyed a fantasy that included him wetting himself with Mia actively involved. So I think while he is embarrassed, I think there’s a small part of him that enjoys it, although he hasn’t even fully admitted that to himself yet.

*020*2020-05-14 05:06

Later that night Mia texted Lucas: “How are you doing? I know you’ve had a rough day.” Secretly she felt bad for teasing Lucas about his accident on the basketball court, even if she did have good intentions. Especially after how his morning had began and how he had been forced to put up with his brother taunting him. She realized when she got home how humiliated he actually must have been.

“Not great,” he responded. “Can I call you?”

Crap Mia thought. He was mad about how she had reacted after the game. That was so over board... what kind of freak feels up a guys pissed pants? It was kind of hot though, she thought before quickly dismissing that notion entirely.

She took a deep breath before responding, “sure.”

Almost immediately her phone rang. “Hey, what’s up Lucas.”

“Mia, I’m freaking out. I can’t, this is too much” he said clearly worked up.

“Woah, Lucas. Calm down. What’s going on? Is this about what I did earlier. I’m really sorry, I shouldn’t have—“

“What?.. no Mia, it’s my mom. I just, I got home tonight and went straight to my room. I just didn’t want to talk to anyone. And apparently I left my bag downstairs because pretty soon my mom comes into my room room holding up my game shorts by the waistband. Mia, my shorts... THE shorts,” he said.

“Oh no. What did she say?”

“Well she said she needed to add a few more things to the load of laundry she was about to do, so she went and got my clothes out of my bag, and she said she thought we needed to talk about it..”

She heard him sniffle and just wanted more than anything to give him a hug.

He went on, “and then... she just... started asking me... a bunch of questions, and..” his breath kept catching in the back of his throat.

“Lucas did you tell her the truth... About what’s really been happening lately?” Mia asked.

“I had to,” he sniffled again. “Mia she wants me to wear diapers. Like a friggin baby.” He started sobbing now.

“ hey hey hey, Lucas. Getting help for a problem you’re having doesn’t make you a baby. It makes you a man.” She could still hear him crying. “Not just a man Lucas, my man.” He went silent. “And I have never called you a baby for having an accident and I never will. Okay?”

“I guess you’re right..” he said.

“Hey I know what’ll cheer you up,” she said. “You should come over tomorrow night.”

“I wouldn’t miss it,” he said his mood brightening a little.

They wrapped up their phone call, exchanging good nights and planning on Lucas coming over to Mia’s house after practice the next day.

...

Mia paced around her kitchen. She wanted to tell him, but she just didn’t know how. Her attraction to his wettings was totally preposterous. She couldn’t do it, he would hate her. Okay it was settled, she was not going to tell him.

Her doorbell rang, and she opened the door to see Lucas slightly dressed up in khaki pants and a blue pollo shirt that brought out his eyes. Glancing down she didn’t think he was as wearing a pull up or anything, so his mom must have backed off a little. He was also carrying a bouquet of beautiful flowers. She blushed, how much more perfect could he get?

He handed her the flowers.

She smelled them before saying, “What are these for?”

“Well a couple of reasons. First of all, because we haven’t really known each other that long, but I’ve kind of put a lot of emotional baggage on you, not to mention my uh... physical issues... and I’m sorry. You’ve done a lot more “counciling” than any girlfriend should have to...”

“Girlfriend?” she questioned with a smile.

He chuckled, “well that’s sorta the other reason. I’d like you to be my girlfriend Mia. I know kids our age don’t really like putting labels on relationships, but I like you, and I want you to know that I only want to be with you.”

Wow, he was sort of sensitive too, she thought. “Of course I’ll be your girlfriend” she said, giving him a hug.

*022*2020-05-14 14:37

Mia went into the kitchen and got a vase and some water for her flowers. “I bet you’re hungry after a hard practice,” she said. “Do you want me to put a pizza in?”

“Sure that sounds great,” Lucas said shifting uncomfortably. For goodness sake he thought. I just got here and already I need to pee. Can’t a just spend 5 minutes with this girl without mentioning my issues and reminding her what a big loser I am. It would be rude to ask to use her bathroom now before even sitting down to talk with her.

As Mia put the frozen pizza in the oven, Lucas walked, as nonchalantly as possible to the stool at the island and Mia walked over and sat beside him. She asked him about practice and his math test, trying to avoid bringing up his disagreement with his mom for fear of sounding overly interested. Plus she knew how easily embarrassed he was about the topic of his wettings. However, she soon noticed him fidgeting a lot more, a sure sign that he was getting more desperate to go, even if it was subconsciously.

Meanwhile, Lucas tried to be fully present and engaged in their conversation, although it was hard when he was focusing so hard on not wetting himself or putting his hand in his crotch. All of the sudden he lost a spurt into his boxers. Mia was talking but he wasn’t really listening, he got up suddenly, crossing his legs slightly and interrupted her mid sentence “uh, Mia... could you tell me where the uh bathroom is?”

She raised her eyebrows but responded “right off the hallway there,” she gestured, “first door on your left.”

He hobbled away before she even finished speaking. When he got to the door her lost a couple more small leaks, opening it and stepping inside he quickly unzipped himself and released his stream into the toilet with a sigh of relief. He’d made it... well, mostly. He shook himself to get the last few dropped off although it didn’t really matter as he could feel that his boxers were already a little wet. He pulled his pants down examining his underwear, and finding a wet patch in them smaller than the palm of his hand.

He sighed, nothing he could do about it he guessed, pulling up his khaki pants. There was a wet spot on the front, only about the size of a quarter but extremely noticeable on the khaki pants. He wasn’t quite sure what to do. His pants would likely dry pretty quickly, but he didn’t have any way to cover it up. Sighing once again he figured the only thing he could really do is be honest. He was fairly certain that she wouldn’t really be bothered by it, but he was embarrassed none the less. It was weird though, after his game she had been so “not bothered” that she’d even touched his wet pants. Maybe to confirm what she thought she saw? He thought. But then he remembered the way she’d traced the outline of his wet spot almost seductively. With that in mind he began to stir in his boxers.

He pushed the those thoughts out of his mind. Taking a deep breath he exited he bathroom. Mia was checking on the pizza, so her back was to Lucas but she’d heard him walk in. “Did you make it okay?” She asked.

“Yeah... well, I um. Kind of.”

She turned around only seeing the very small wet spot on his pants. She felt her heart flutter at the sight. His eyes wouldn’t meet hers, they were glued to the floor.

She walked over and stood right in front of him. Still he wouldn’t look at her, so she grabbed his hand and held it in hers, giving it a small squeeze of support. Finally he looked up at her, and she stoop on her tip toes to plant a kiss on his cheek. “It’ll dry pretty quick,” she whispered, wrapping her arms around him.

His girl was amazing, he thought, as she took him by the hand and led him over the the island where he sat down. She served them both up a couple slices of pizza and got a bottle of coke for each of them, before sitting down beside him. He was about to object to the coke knowing it’s affect on him, but it sounded so good with his pizza. Plus, he knew where the bathroom was now, so he was sure he wouldn’t have another accident. He would be really careful, he decided, accepting the coke and taking several swigs.

After finishing a couple slices of pizza and half of his coke, Lucas said “can I ask you something?”

Mia swallowed before saying, “of course.”

“I get that you’re really accepting of my, uh... issues, and don’t get me wrong, I love that about you. It’s not lost on me how screwed up it is... how screwed up I am to be 16 and pissing my pants or wetting my bed. It’s just... if the roles were reversed, I don’t know how I would react. Like, isn’t it a bit off putting to see that and then to still want to be close to me or kiss me or whatever? I guess, what I’m trying to say is that I don’t want you to feel like you have to date me... like out of sympathy or anything.” This was probably the biggest speech he’d ever given about his accidents, and the insecurities that came with them.

Mia sat quietly for a moment, thinking just how to answer this. Truth be told, Lucas’s desperation and his wettings were anything but off putting for Mia. She wanted to ease him into her new found appreciation for his accidents, because she quite honestly was still learning about it herself. “Well... I wouldn’t say it’s off putting. I’m attracted to you Lucas, and I certainly don’t have any problems when kissing you when—“

“When I haven’t just pissed my pants?” Lucas interrupted.

“Actually, that’s uh... not what I was going to say. You’re still pretty hot in your wet pants.” She said. “In fact.. oh never mind.”

He gave her a questioning look. “No, in fact what??”

“Something about it makes me want you even more,” she finished.

The shocked silence that followed made Mia incredibly nervous. Holy crap, she thought, did I really just admit to that out loud.

