A montage of sakura - cardcaptor sakura

Author: omofan77

*000*2015-06-21 16:08

Sakura walked into Tomoyo's viewing room and stood shocked at the footage Tomoyo was watching. On screen, Sakura was in her bathing suit. Tomoyo's voice followed. "Well?" Sakura on screen said, ""I have to go so bad I don't care if you watch or film me."

"That's it. Just act natural," said Tomoyo. Then Sakura on screen pulled her suit aside and peed onto the grass. Sakura, watching the tape, turned to Tomoyo, also watching. "You're still watching that?" asked Sakura. "I just can't get enough of Sakura-chan sprinkling outside," said Tomoyo. "But it's a shame this is the only footage I have of you doing it." Then her eyes lit up. "Please let me film you sprinkling again!"

Sakura stammered. "Hoe? Well, if you really want to. But what should I do?"

"Anything and everything!" exclaimed Tomoyo. "I can film you in different positions and in all my costumes." Sakura wasn't so sure. Tomoyo continued to beg. "Please? Please? I'll do it along with you and it can be our own private fun." Sakura laughed as she saw the scene of Tomoyo peeing on camera. "Well, if it's only us, it might be alright." Tomoyo looked very happy. "Oh thank you, thank you, Sakura-chan!" She hugged Sakura close to her and Sakura hugged her back.

Sakura was in her school uniform outside as Tomyo explained what she wanted. Sakura filmed Tomyo peeing so Sakura knew what position to use. Sakura nodded, already feeling the result of drinking so much juice. Tomyo rolled her camera. "Action." Sakura walked by the camera. "Ah, what a long day at school," said Sakura. Then she paused and held her crotch. "Oh, I shouldn't have drank so much juice." She did a cute pee-pee dance. "Ohh, ohh what can I do?" She noticed a tree. "Please, tree-san, I am a nice girl who has to go splashy splashy. Please lend me your protection." Then Sakura squatted down, pulling down her skirt and white panties, exposing her hairless vagina. Then, Sakura let out a powerful jet of pee that splattered the tree and made a large, foamy puddle at her feet.

"Ahh," said Sakura. "Louder and longer," said Tomyo. Sakura raised her voice. "Ahhhh." She closed her eyes, immersing herself in the wonderful relief as Tomyo filmed her expressions and the huge golden stream. Once relieved, Sakura cleaned herself with a leaf and got dressed. She bowed to the tree. "Thank you, tree-san for your shelter and clean leaves. In return, I hope my gift will help you grow tall."

"Cut," said Tomoyo. "That was wonderful, Sakura-chan."

Soon, there was a montage of peeing in costumes filmed. Sakura, in another costume, was desperate as she fought the Watery Card. Then she pulled aside her leotard, and peed as she shouted, "Release!" as she summoned the magic to seal the card. Then dressed as a fairy, Sakura jumped through the trees, sprinking the flowers as she went. She peed while hopping in her bunny costume, let out a stream that matched the color of her yellow dress, and wet the bed in her pajamas. Tomoyo wanted something more and came up with another idea. At night, Sakura got of bed. "I'm too tired to go all the way to the bathroom." She opened her window, dropped her pajama bottoms and panties and peed out the window, the stream catching the moonlight and reflecting its silvery sheen and the stars, causing Sakura's pee to sparkle like diamonds.

Then Sakura was in a waterproof costume and spoke to the camera. "What can I do? I must find a bathroom. But wait, my costume is waterproof." She looked around and seeing no one, peed into her costume. "Ah, it feels wonderful like taking a warm bath and look, my costume is keeping it from pouring out." Tomyo then said how disappointing it was she couldn't see an actual wetting, then smiled and came up with an idea. At Tomyo's mansion, Sakura was in her red and white dress, drinking a lot of tea. Then the pressure on her bladder was too much to bear. As they rehearsed, Sakura stood up and gave a cute, embarrassed look. "If you will excuse me, I must find a bathroom."

She walked out the room and found the bathroom locked as they planned it. "Oh no! I must get in or I will surely wet myself." She did her pee-pee dance and crossed her legs. Then Sakura heard liquid falling and watched as Tomoyo peed her skirt, a spot growing around her crotch and pee pouring out onto the carpet as more dribbled down her bare legs. The sight and sound was too much for Sakura. She lost control and watched as her pee gushed out her crotch and dribbled down her legs into her socks and shoes. "I guess I couldn't make it," said Sakura to the camera. "I know I shouldn't be doing it like this, but the warmth spreading around me and the relief makes it feel so good."

Her peeing lasted for over a minute, at which point, a huge stain on the carpet spread from her legs for a few feet. Sakura's peeing slowed. She stood up and looked at her dress and the carpet and blushed. "Well, no use crying over split milk, they say." She smiled and waved at the camera. "That was amazing, Sakura-chan!" exclaimed Tomoyo. "Your reaction, smile, and wave at the end made it all the more adorable."

"I guess I got caught up in the moment," said Sakura, using the Erase Card to remove the stain. They continued, with Sakura peeing freely with her cheeleading skirt down as she twirled and threw up her baton. Also half naked, she peed as she rollerskated down the street, leaving a pee trail behind her.

Then they gathered at a stream. They were in their bathing suits and both drank a lot of lemonade. Tomoyo positioned the camera at a spot in the stream and jumped in, peeing as she moved around so the water reacted how she wanted. Then she got out and explained to Sakura what she had to do. Sakura understood, hoping to get started as it was all she could do to keep from peeing right there. She was glad when Tomoyo said, "Action." The camera following her, Sakura held her crotch and crossed her legs and jumped in the water. She swam to a spot and Tomoyo aimed the camera at her and gave Sakura a thumbs up. Just as rehearsed, Sakura looked innocently around then submerged a little bit, thrusting her front to the surface.

Then Sakura smiled cutely and sighed in relief as a spot of lighter water grew around her and spread out, bubbles appearing. Then Sakura swam away. She met up with Tomoyo at her place for the next shoot. "This time, I want to capture true art," said Tomoyo. "I want to film you sprinkling without any clothes on." She sensed Sakura's unsure feeling and held her hand. "Don't be afraid. It's only us and I'll undress with you." Sakura slowly agreed. In the privacy of the yard, Tomoyo took off all her clothes and let Sakura film her peeing. Then Sakura slowly took off her clothes, dropping her shorts and panties to her ankles and stepping out of them. She focused on Tomoyo, who was as naked as she would be, and pulled off her shirt.

Standing naked, Sakura breathed out slowly and let her arms fall, exposing every part of her body. Slowly, she looked at the camera, smiled and waved. Tomoyo gave a sweet smile and waved back. Feeling calmer, Sakura peed onto the grass, letting Tomoyo move the camera down to film the foamy puddle she was making. Then the camera went up, filming Sakura's body and focused on her face. Sakura let her expressions of relief show, then when finished, once more smiled and waved. Tomoyo was ecstatic.

"You did it, Sakura-chan! Now I have filmed true art! But I need something for a grand finale. I know! You can get Li-kun to join you. I can film a masterpiece with you two and call it Sakura and Li-kun sprinkling together as a sign of their love!" Sakura considered it as they reviewed footage of Sakura peeing with one leg up in a danty way in one dress and spun around so her skirt fluttered and her pee spun around with her in another dress. Sakura decided she would really like to pee with Sharaon on film.

Sharaon was shocked at the idea. But after Sakura pleaded him to pee with her, he blushed and agreed, out of love for her. He worked hard to maintain his composure as he and Sakura, in a Chinese outfit, peed in urinals in the boys room, Sharaon focusing more on Sakura than Tomoyo covering it from every angle. Then they prepared a dating scene. When Tomoyo said, "Action," they began. "I am glad we can spend a day like this together," said Sharaon. "I am also glad I can be with you," said Sakura. "Won't you share a drink with me?"

"I would love to," said Sharaon. "But not as much as I love you." He blushed. "I love you too," said Sakura.

They drank for some time. At last, Sharaon stood up, fidgeting. "I have to pee."

"Then go right here," said Sakura. Sharaon gave a surprised expression. "It's only us," said Sakura. "We should not let something like this separate us on our special day. If I may, I would accompany you, for I have to go too and would like to share a private moment with you as proof of my love."

"Then you may," said Sharaon. They held hands and walked behind a tree and both peed standing, then playfully splashed each other with their streams. "Cut," said Tomoyo. "That was perfect, but I think we can make it better." She worked with them on a new idea. Sakura agreed, and Sharaon, though unsure, looked into Sakura's cute eyes, sighed, and agreed.

They redid the scene up to drinking together. Then Sakura sat, looking uncomfortable. Sharaon knelt before her and asked, "Are you alright?"

"I'm fine," said Sakura. "Maybe you should drink this," said Sharaon, slowly pouring Sakura a drink. Sakura moaned as she watched the drink pour and splash around. Blushing, she stood, dancing around. "I really have to go splashy splashy." Sharaon rose and took her hand. "Well, we can't let something like that come between us on our special day," said Sharaon. "If you like, you may pee here and I will watch over you and protect you."

"As long as it's you, it's ok," said Sakura.

She dropped her shorts and panties, bent down, and peed onto the grass. She was surprised when Sharaon joined her, peeing standing up and alonside her. They smiled at each other and traced a heart with their pee and signed their names. When they finished, Sharaon knelt down and wiped Sakura's vagina clean with his handkerchief. Then he helped her dress and they stood holding hands. They looked at the heart and said together, "Let this be proof of my love for you," and hugged each other. "Cut," said Tomoyo. "That was perfect. Maybe even better than the last one."

"I am glad that's over," said Sharaon. "It was something special we got to do together," said Sakura. Sharaon had to agree. "Well, I'm going to edit the footage I have," said Tomoyo. "I'll leave you to enjoy the rest of you're day." She smiled and waved at them and walked off. Sakura and Sharaon agreed it was a strange it was a strange kind of video they shot, and they wondered what it would be like watching it. Sakura wasn't so sure about Sharaon seeing all the scenes of Sakura's peeing, but knew there wasn't anyone else she could show it to. "As long as it's you, it's alright." That day still some time away, Sakura and Sharaon decided not to worry about it for the moment and sat down near their heart, holding each other close as they shared a quiet day together.

