Shamefully Desperate Carriage Ride

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-11-07 10:43

"Etiquette is important to keeping up appearances because keeping up appearances is important," said Svetlana, taking a swig straight from the wine bottle, "but embarrassment is such a useless emotion. I've been making an honest effort of removing it from my psyche."

"And how have you been doing that?" Mirabelle asked skeptically. She shifted in her seat uncomfortably as her friend talked, allowing her to carry on the conversation as she focused on her tight, swollen bladder.

"Doing things that embarrass me. It's rather liberating, actually. And once I've done something, I feel like the challenge has been met. The next time will feel more casual. More free. I was a quiet little mouse for far too long."

"Quiet little mouse?" she laughed.

"Well, maybe not as reserved as you."

"Well, what's something that embarrasses you?"

Svetlana thought for a second. "Well," she said, "I suppose I've got to urinate, and if I was alone..." She moved her hand to her crotch and squeezed it. Mirabelle gazed uncomfortably. She'd wanted to do that for a while now. Still, she couldn't bring herself to.

"You ever say rude things in that pursuit?"

"Oh, all the time," Svetlana took another swig. "The other day, I called this man I was on a date with a twat for chewing with his mouth open. He thought it was funny. I'm seeing him again next week."

"That's just lucky," she said.

"That's what I thought when I started. But it's all about confidence. Every one of us is human. Why don't we let ourselves do human things?" she lifted her butt and farted. Mirabelle averted her eyes and cringed.

"When is this carriage supposed to arrive?" she asked, squeezing the side of her dress.

"It's on its way. Figuring that out wouldn't make it come any faster, so we may as well let it be."

"Well, I'd like to know if something was going wrong. I'd really like to get to the inn soon, and if need be, another carriage should be called as soon as--"

"Oh, will you relax? It's coming, just give it some time."

"I'm not sure how much time I have," she muttered so her companian couldn't hear. Her legs were tightly crossed, but her hands were sat politely on her lap. She wiped some sweat from her forehead. Mirabelle had to pee really, really bad. She felt annoyed by the display Svetlana was putting on: tapping herself between her fanning legs as if she was about to piss herself. In truth, she had no idea what her friend was feeling, and Mirabelle didn't need a constant reminder of her own urgent need.

It was a long time before they saw the light on the coach apprach from outside. Luckily, Svetlana carried on the conversation almost by herself. She would occasionally bring up how badly she needed to urinate, but Mirabelle's poor bladder was screaming. She was posed a bit forward, legs squeezing tightly together and thighs tensed.

"Ah! Here we are," Svetlana said, getting up and heading towards the door. Her friend pushed herself up and walked awkwardly behind her.

She let out a strained sigh as she climbed into the carriage and sat down. The ride was not a smooth one. The bumps were constant and unforgiving.

"Are you feeling alright?" Svetlana finally asked.

"I g-gotta visit the chamber pot..." she muttered miserably, rocking back and forth. "Very badly..."

"Oh! Can you hold it 'till the inn?" Svetlana asked.

Mirabelle was holding in so much urine that she was trembling under the strain, and her muscles were beginning to fail. A small spurt leaked its way into her underwear, leading her to start squirming a bit more frantically. "How long until the inn?" she asked.

"How long until the inn?" Svetlana repeated louder so that the stagecoach could hear.

"Under an hour," he called back.

Maribelle turned white. "Oh, no no... I can't wait an hour! That's too long!"

"He said under an hour."

"That means close to an hour," her voice was shaking.

"No, it means under an hour. We'll be there really soon, Maribelle. Hold it strong girl, okay?"

She felt her cheeks get hot. "You don't understand..."

"What, you think I've never had to pee before? I have to pee so bad right now. I'm not comfortable in the slightest."

"What am I gonna do..." she groaned, her bladder pulsing erratically. She felt like she was going to pop. She was scooting her butt around in the seat and gripping her dress, her screaming urge to urinate in the forefront of her attention.

"Repeat after me," Svetlana said, pulling off her underwear. Mirabelle watched confused and taken aback as she took the last swig and positioned the empty wine bottle between her legs.

"You can't!" Mirabelle said, shocked.

"I definitely can," she replied, pulling her underwear off. Her friend averted her eyes, staring out the window.

Out of the corner of her eye, Mirabelle saw Svetlana pulled her pussy up and apart with her pointer and middle finger. There was an awkward moment of silence, then the sight and sound of clear-yellow liquid squirting and streaming into the glass. Her aim was far from perfect, missing a bit spraying onto her hand and thigh.

"Oh, god..." Mirabelle groaned, doubling over and resting her head on her knees. She needed to piss so badly she was thinking couldn't take it anymore.

"I really needed this," Svetlana moaned as her piss stream hit a second wind. As it hissed to a stop, she rubbed herself almost masturbatorally as she put the wine bottle between her legs.

Mirabelle's huge swollen bladder throbbed with an almost unbearable intensity. "God!" she choked. "I can't take this, Svetlana! I'm going to hurt myself!"

"The bottle, Mirabelle'l she replied, picking up the dripping bottle and held it out to her. "There's no good reason to do this to yourself!"

"Oh, godd..." she pressed her fingertips into herself, rocking back and forth in miserable desperation. She was fighting the urge not to cry.

"I understand being embarrassed to do this, Mirabelle," Svetlana told her, "and I understand that it might seem like it's easier for me to do these things. Perhaps it is. But you are in so much pain right now. As your friend, I honestly think you should use this bottle."

"How much longer will this trip take?" Mirabelle choked, turning her head towards the stagecoach.

"Twenty minutes," he replied.

As he said it, Mirabelle pissed herself a little bit. "Ohh!!!" she moaned, scooting back and forth to stop herself.

"Would you want the carriage to stop so you can go outside?" Svetlana asked. Miraballe shook her head.

"It's only twenty minutes. I can wait twenty minutes."

"You look like you can't even wait five minutes."

Another hard spurt. She doubled over and groaned. Her busting bladder felt like it was going to literally explode from the sheer amount of urine that she had inside of her. "I'll be fine!" she huffed. Serious pain was radiating from her extremely overfull bladder.

Some awkward silence went by, where Svetlana was actually quiet and Mirabelle was struggling to hold in her pee.

When Mirabelle started to leak uncontrollably, she lost every last ounce of composure she had. Completely abandoning her attempts to hold onto her dignity, she gripped herself with both hands, squeezing and sliding around in her seat. She was in so much pain that tears were streaming down her face.

"H-How long d-do you think i-it's been?" she whispered shakily, still intermittently pissing slightly.

"Ten minutes. That's what I'd guess."

"I'm not gonna make it..." she muttered.

Her almost constant stream of urine was wetting her clothes and spreading, despite her honest attempt at keeping the dam closed. "I think I'm-" she started, before doubling over.

"What?" Svetlana asked, before the spot had grown to obvious visibility.

"F-fuck!" Mirabelle choked as her stream grew to an uncontrollable strength. The hissing was audible, then the dripping off of the seat was, too. She eventially let go completely, completely soaking and ruining her dress as she sighed, revelling in the relief.

"Uh oh," Svetlana said, her cheeks and nose turning pink.

"Ah, whatever," she mumbled, still pissing as she skinned off her underwear. She grabbed the bottle and attempted to piss into it, doing about as accurately as Svetlana did. "Shame is a useless emotion. Right? That's what you said? There's no need to be embarrassed about this."

