My Name is Butters - A Sphere one-shot

Author: SashaButters

*000*2016-07-07 20:39

Wrote this for a contest on Devient Art where you describe your OC getting turned into a baby by the Baby card. Thought I'd try to experiment in first person. Enjoy :)

To say I messed up would be an understatement. And as promised, punishment now awaited me at the hands of my ticked off roommate. She dragged me by the hand with a death grip like an anaconda about to squeeze the life out of its terrified prey—me. I had made a promise that this half-baked scheme wouldn’t fail like the others had. Low and behold, it had. And without properly considering the consequences, I had agreed to her punishment of choice. That punishment happened to be in the form of standing on top of the table in the mess hall and telling the tale of how I ended up with the nickname, “Butters.”

It had happened a month ago. Tired of being picked on by the male cadets, I had the bright idea to poison the water supply with Viagra. I didn’t know our drill instructor, Barkley, knew what I had done and counteracted. Five bottles of erectile dysfunction medication later, we were informed of our latest exercise. Our avatars would be switching genders for the week-- the exact amount of time it would take for the tampered water to have been used up and replaced with fresh, clean, non-boner inducing water. So if suddenly growing a penis over night wasn’t bad enough, all the girls, who were turned into guys, spent the week walking around with saluting trouser snakes thanks to me. But that’s not why I’m being punished, it’s just part of the reason I ended up with the nickname, “Butters.”

You see, these aren’t our real physical bodies, although they might as well be. We have hearts, blood flow, brains, and as I discovered . . . working sexual organs. But the thing is, I’m in a place called the Sphere- a virtual reality world- my real body is sitting in a pod somewhere in Alaska. We are essentially computer generated except for our consciousness—that is what links us from our bodies to our avatars. My real name is Becca Strokes, but here in the Sphere, I’m known as Sasha “Butters” Brindey.

Here’s where it gets complicated. The green haired girl, with a half smirk and half scowl, dragging me by the hand is. . . how can I explain? . . For lack of a better word. My soul mate. It’s not what you’re thinking. We didn’t meet, and fall in love, hell she’d probably like nothing better than to strangle me half the time, but we’re stuck together through a bond. When we are apart, we are filled with such a deep, indescribable ache and loneliness. Romantic, right? Wrong. Neither of us is supposed to exist without the other. I, Sasha Brindey and her, Crystal Kisara share one soul. We are what make Becca Strokes. We are the product of a split personality inside the mind of Becca. We are the result of a person having two separate consciousness’s. We are two separate avatars who long to be whole.

Now for the reason I’m being punished. I tried to play a prank. Again. And it back fired. Again. I guess I should start this story from where it began. An alarm.

We were called into an emergency meeting. Something weird was happening in town. They thought it might have been a virus. We are cadets training to become solders in the Sphere. A sort of virtual police I suppose. The academy is right in the center of the “high end and luxurious” part of this virtual world. Famous politicians, doctors, the upper crust so to speak. We were given a drug that alters our sense of time in order to cram as much training in as possible. Two weeks to be exact in reality. Here, it’s a year. This drug is so expensive and sought after; only the elite can afford it. Imagine you only have a day off, but here with the time altering drug, you can take a month long vacation. So when someone, or something, disturbed the peace of this upper society, we were called—more like demanded—to take action.

It was the most bizarre debriefing we’ve ever had. The real solders of the Sphere Protection Program laughed their asses off when the report had come in and tossed it to us newbies instead. It was a report of a flying pink. . . baby that turned other people. . . ready for this? It turned them into babies as well for a few days. It was scaring the residents on vacation and they wanted it gone. We thought it was hilarious. I mean, obviously it had to be a prank! Some politicians kid was bored and decided to make a false report. They sent us out anyway. Boy were we in for a shock when we discovered it was real. We ran for cover with our tail between our legs.

It had to be some kind of virus or something that could alter things around it. What else could it be? Our mission went from Search and Destroy to coaxing it outside of city limits to let the “professionals” handle it. We were bait.

Day Two of our mission. It never showed. Day Three and Day Four were the same. Whatever it was, it was either gone or didn’t want to be found. All this time spent walking the city perimeter gave me an idea. Wouldn’t it just be so hilarious if I caught it and let it loose in our drill instructors bedroom? By the weeks end we had all but given up on our mission. Except for me. I had formed in my head a new mission. Operation Baby Barkley.

On our last day before calling it quits, I saw it out of the corner of my eye. I didn’t report it to the others. Instead, I went chasing after it by myself only for it to vanish in mid air. Disappointed, I turned my back and left to join the others where we went back to campus. What I didn’t know was that this entity, or whatever it was, had followed me back to the academy.

Fast forward to that night, I was alone in the bathroom taking a shower. It was three am, that’s when I knew I’d get the bathroom to myself. I’m shy, what can I say? The showers aren’t stalled off; they’re just scattered shower heads over an open tiled room. It will be a cold day in hell before I let anyone see me naked.

I was toweling myself off when I heard it. High pitched baby giggling at three in the fucking morning. It echoed off the empty walls of the shower room. Worse, it was coming from right behind me. The hair on my arms stood on end. My heart raced as I thought of what was there beside me. A demonic dead baby. That’s what popped in my head. I was terrified, but yet, somehow I managed to turn around and face whatever was there. I was greeted with a floating pink figure. And that. . . is all I remember of that night.

To be honest, when I woke up I thought it had been a dream. A really creepy dream. Babies are scary; I won’t lie. Floating pink, demonic, babies that watch you shower and laugh at three in the morning are even scarier.

I hadn’t noticed anything different at first. I yawned, stretched, pulled long green hairs out of my mouth. My usual morning routine. (That girl needs a haircut. Avatar or not, she sheds like golden retriever.)

I felt Crystal stir on the bed as I mumbled a plea of, “five more minutes.”

“What the hell are you wearing?” She asked. I opened my eyes to find her staring down at me with a look of disbelief and shock. I hadn’t even registered the difference in my own outfit as I was currently in awe of what had happened to our room. No longer was it one of the bare rooms of the barracks, but a fully decorated nursery. Our bed wasn’t even a bed anymore, but a giant crib.

“The fudge!” I exclaimed. The Sphere’s underage auto-correct was still going strong. I watched as Crystal’s face darkened as she took in the change of scenery before glaring daggers in my direction.

“You had something to do with this! I know you did!” She spat. She sat up before hoisting herself up and over the crib bars.

“What makes you think it was me?” I shot back.

“Because you’re always behind abnormal happenings around here! Look at you! You’re dressed like a fricken baby!” I looked down and took in my outfit. It was a large one-piece pajama set with feet. There was even something rubber clipped onto the pocket. I eyed Crystal. Even if we had both woken in a crib, she was still dressed in just her underwear. She sighed and ran a hand through her long green hair as she muttered under her breath. “This is almost worse than the bott-“

“We agreed we wouldn’t speak of that!” I said, cutting her off. I could feel the heat in my face begin to radiate at the memory.

“You promised you wouldn’t involve me in any more of your. . . ideas.” She said. “If I find out this is your fault I swear you’re telling everyone here about that night!”

“It’s not my fault!” I said. I was confident at the time it wasn’t, and made the mistake of agreeing to her demands.

“I can’t get this thing off!” I tried to reach behind my back, but the zipper was just out of my grasp.

Crystal mumbled, “now doesn’t this brings back memories,” but unzipped the sleeper for me. What lay underneath was worse than I could have possibly imagined. When we uncovered the wet diaper, Crystal let out a snort before burying her face in her arms and laughing. I scowled and waited for her to collect herself. I jumped up and held onto the top bar of the crib struggling to hoist myself over like Crystal had previously made look so easy. It didn’t help I was much shorter and lacked in upper body strength. My feet dangled over the mattress as I groaned and tried to pull myself up. I managed to hoist one leg over, the wet diaper on full display when our door suddenly opened.

“Hey, Crystal, we wanted to know if you wanted any help with th- Oh my god!” Jasmine shouted.

I looked at myself, legs splayed over the side in such a compromising position wearing nothing but a used diaper. Awkward silence filled the room as I looked to Crystal for help.

“I. . . can explain.” I said, despite the fact that I really couldn’t.

“Oh my god,” Jasmine repeated. “She’s getting so big!”

“Huh?” Crystal and I said in unison.

“Aww, she’s already starting to get out of the crib by herself! Pretty soon she’ll be talking before you know it!”

“What are you talking about?” Crystal asked, “Starting to talk? I can hardly get her to shut up!”

Jasmine came up to me and smiled. I had never seen her look at me like that. It was almost how I looked at bacon. “Are you stuck, sweetie?”

“Umm, yes?” I admitted. One of my feet were wrapped around the top bar and twisted sideways preventing me from dropping down or climbing further. Such an embarrassing position to find myself in.

I don’t know how she did it; it shouldn’t have been possible, but she picked me up. She literally just picked me up. “There you go! Now you stay out of trouble!” she scolded me as she set me down on the floor. I stared at Crystal hoping for some kind of explanation, but she seemed just as lost as I was.

“Uh, Jasmine,” Crystal said, “do you see anything that shouldn’t be here?”

She looked confused for a moment as she gave the room a once over. “Everything looks fine to me.”

“What is this?” Crystal asked, pointing to what used to be our dresser. “What do you see?”

“A changing table.”

“And this?”

“A crib.”

“And this?” Crystal asked pointing to me.

“Sasha.”

“And you don’t see anything unusual about her at all?”

Jasmine looked me over for a minute before a light turned on in her head. She rolled her eyes playfully and picked me up. “You could have just asked.” She said before laying me down on what used to be our dresser. I was in total shock. I didn’t realize what was going on until I heard something rip.

“OH FUDGE NO!” I shouted as I tried to make a break for it. I squirmed, kicked, and tried to shout every swear word I knew only for the auto correct to kick in again.“ GET OFF ME YOU, WITCH! FUDGE! SHIP! FUDGE OFF!”

“She sure is feisty this morning.” Jasmine said holding me down with her upper arm. I looked to Crystal, but she seemed to be in a complete daze.

“Get her off of me!” I begged.

To this day I cannot speak of what happened. I apologize, but I must skip ahead. I cannot get myself to relive such horrors. Even the sound of ripping tape still makes me shudder.

“Why didn’t you stop her?” I asked when we were alone in the hallway. “I feel violated.”

“It couldn’t have been that bad.” Crystal said. “You’re so dramatic.”

“How would you like someone to. . . to. . . I can’t even say it!” I said. I shuddered at the memory of the wet wipe. My privacy hadn’t been that invaded since the cavity search of incoming cadets. I can still taste the rubber glove. “Can I take it off now?” I asked waddling beside my roommate.

“No, keep it on.” She must have seen the horrified look on my face before she went on, “You wet the bed. Do you normally do that?”

“No,” I admitted. I was so confused by everything going on I hadn’t considered it. “You don’t think I- I need them?”

“With the way everything’s changed around here, you might.” She said. I shuddered.

Breakfast was a terrible ordeal. Normally people ignore me, but everyone kept smiling and waving at me. Even David looked me in the eyes and didn’t follow up with a wise crack. It was like what everyone saw was completely normal. Everyone but me and Crystal. Why was that? She knew it wasn’t right. Why only her? It had to have something to do with our bond.

When we got to our first class I was appalled to see a play pen set up next to Crystal’s desk. I sighed and climbed in. I had to admit it was comfier than sitting in the desk. I could even lie down and Barkley didn’t say a word to me. It was like it was just… normal. I had even fallen asleep and didn’t get in trouble. What I found when I woke up put me in a bad mood though. I could feel the squish underneath my uniform. I couldn’t go through that ordeal again, so I kept quiet. All I had to do was stay awake and it wouldn’t happen again.

I was wrong. By two hours in I had to go really bad. I tugged on Crystal’s uniform to get her attention. “What?” she asked.

“I have to go to the bathroom.” I hissed.

“Breaks in an hour.”

“Can’t hold it till then.”

“You’re wearing a-“ I sent her a glare that said I would murder her in her sleep if she said another word about it. I stood up and hopped out of the playpen and headed towards the door. Barkley looked down at me and grimaced with a look of disgust on his face—I almost wondered if he saw me as my regular self. He snapped his fingers and pointed at me.

“I still can’t believe they let you in here with a kid.” He grumbled as Crystal tried to reign me back in. “Let this be a lesson to all of you. You CAN get pregnant in full dives. Now get your little malware under control before I tie it in place to the wall.”

I tugged on Crystal’s arm as hard as I could and dragged her to the door. “She needs a change, sorry.” She said.

“Malware can wait until break.”

“Not unless you want the classroom smelling like a dirty diaper.” She replied. I let out a gasp of horror. She did not just tell the class I soiled myself! Giggles erupted as our drill instructor let out a disgusted moan and waved his hand in a get out of here motion. “Not again.” He said under his breath. “They don’t pay me enough for this.”

Once I got myself situated and changed by myself I stood by the sinks to see Crystal lost in thought. “Malware.” She said out loud.

“Huh?”

“Did you come into contact with the virus we were chasing? The pink baby?”

“Not that I know of—“ I said, but the memory of the laughter played back in my head and I shivered. “Last night in the showers! I thought it was a dream!”

“So it’s real. . . interesting.” She said. “Everyone sees you as a baby except me. Thank god for that. So how did it end up at the academy? No one’s seen it all week.”

My face fell as I remembered. She eyed me for a moment as I hung my head. My face was an open book and it didn’t help that when our link was the strongest, we shared memories.

“You did WHAT!?” She suddenly shouted. “YOU IDIOT! You went off chasing it by yourself and brought it here!”

“I’m sorry! I didn’t know it followed me! I thought it just disappeared.”

I watched as Crystal massaged her temples. She was pissed. “Everyone thinks I’m your mom.” She grumbled.

“Look, I’m not really a baby! I can use the bathroom by myself and-“ She cut me off when she pointed to the trash can.

“Why did you throw it away? Why did you ask for a new one? In fact, why did you ask for one at all?” She narrowed her eyes.

“Because you said I had to wear them.” I mumbled.

“You didn’t make it! Oh my god, seriously?” She said, throwing her hands in the air.

“Yes, I did! I just. . . fell asleep earlier.” I let the sentence hang in the air.

“Did you know you were sucking your thumb in your sleep?” She asked. I grimaced. It seems I lost control of my adult self when I fell asleep. No problem, I thought. I just needed to stay awake.

It wasn’t a problem for a while. The next lesson was in the shooting range. While I certainly wasn’t happy about getting stuck in a playpen with a water pistol and paper target while the others had their 10mm’s out, the noise of the gun blasts left me awake and alert.

The problem came after lunch. I had eaten a normal adult serving of sweet potatoes, forgoing the salads as usual. On top of a full stomach, my peers had looked on with horrified faces during breakfast when I was about to have coffee-- until Crystal had taken it away and announced quite loudly that “babies can’t have coffee.” Without caffeine, mixed with a full stomach and Sphere history, the most boring subject imaginable, I was off to snooze land within ten minutes.

I was woken up by Crystal who had a horrified look on her face. It seemed in my sleep, I had had no qualms about making space in my stomach for lunch to digest by getting rid of breakfast. I could see people fanning the air with their notes and books. Barkley simply pointed a finger out the door. Crystal sighed and took me out of class, shoved the bag of supplies in my hands and pointed towards the stall. I was about to take care of this myself when three of my classmates walked in.

Words were exchanged, followed by a telepathic argument between Crystal and myself. It appeared they expected her to take care of me. I argued and fought. I pushed back, shouted, bit, and wailed. It only made my situation worse. Crystal had tried to telepathically tell me she was only going to pretend until they left, but I was so outraged I had closed the link down. All I had done was gathered a crowd to “help hold me down.” With no other choice, Crystal undressed me, untapped the garment in question. . . and proceeded to lose her lunch in a nearby stall.

The others felt bad and cleaned me up for her. They assumed Crystal had a case of the stomach bug, since no mother would get grossed out over this. I was removed from her care so she could “recover” and stayed with Jasmine until the spell wore off. And this is why I’m being punished. Once separated, the curse of our split began to set in. We were inconsolable for days. The ache of our missing half being gone was overwhelming. It’s not as if we missed each other, but deep down, there was a space inside ourselves that knew we were not whole. It was a feeling on par with loosing a loved one.

I couldn’t tell you what happened after that, I was numb. Despite Jasmine sleeping in the bed next to the crib, I felt a deep loneliness that consumed me, and I knew Crystal felt it too.

Once everything turned back to normal, everyone seemed to have forgotten—everyone expect Crystal and myself. Oh how I wish Crystal had forgotten too. Now I was being led by the wrist to my social doom.

“Do I have to?” I asked with my head hung low.

“Yes, a deal’s a deal.” she smirked. “HEY EVERYONE! Sasha has a story she’d like to tell you!” They all stared at me. My brain would not function, so Crystal took the lead. “You all remember the gender swap, don’t you?”

There were groans in acknowledgement.

“Isn’t that around the time Barkley started calling you Butters?”

“Yes.” I moaned. My face was flushed red with embarrassment.

“So what time in the morning did you wake me up again? I can’t remember.” She smiled as I answered.

“Two in the morning.”

“And why did you wake me up at two in the morning, Sebastian.” Crystal said, referring to the name I had picked out when we were male for the week.

“Because I. . . I. . . was stuck.” I said, hanging my head.

“Can you be more specific, please? What part of you was stuck?”

I took a deep breath to steady myself. “It was our last night as being male, and I was . . . curious.” I could hear a chuckle from across the mess hall. “I didn’t want to touch it with my hands so I. . . tried to. . . “

“You didn’t try, you did.” Crystal corrected.

“I tried to jerk it with a bottle and it got stuck.” I admitted. The mess hall exploded with laughter. “I didn’t know what to do, so I panicked and woke her up. We managed to cut the bottle off, but the opening was still stuck around it. We went to the kitchen to find something oily, but all we could find was. . . butter.” More laughter rang through the hall. “Right in the middle of this. . . Barkley walked in and caught me rubbing myself down with a stick of butter, and that. . . is why he calls me, ‘Butters.’”

*001*2016-07-09 18:11

So how does this compare? Since this story is usually in third person. I'm curious what you guys like better. First or third?

*004*2016-07-11 05:35

{{1 hour ago, guest said:

I don't care. It's still amazing.

And it's not dark! Yay!!!

}}

Lol I dont ALWAYS write dark :p I enjoy comedy too.

