Humiliating Test

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2011-03-10 00:10

This is my first omorashi story. It involves a 6th grader girl and a jerk of a teacher.

Classical scenario but I wanted to have my try. Please comment ;)

The sixth-graders entered my classroom as the bell rang the end of lunch time. Milly told me she needed to go to the bathroom before the class. As a respected teacher, I couldn't allow her. The bell had rung and besides, there was an important test the pupils had to take right now. She tried to insist but to no avail: If she didn't get in the class now, I wouldn't let her enter later and she would get a zero for her test. As she was a good student and didn't want that, she reluctantly entered the classroom and went sitting at her desk. I distributed the questions and they started to work quietly.

Milly answered the questions as fast as she could. It wasn't difficult for her as she was a bright kid and always made good grades. She was very cute too, with long blonde hair falling loose over her shoulders, big green eyes, a small perky nose and a beautiful mouth that was usually smiling. She wore an adorable pink dress with purple vertical stripes, quite baggy under the waist but tight on the top, highlighting the birth of her lovely breast. It had no sleeve and so revealed the soft skin of her arms and shoulders. She was in fact a very sweet 11 year old little girl, but to me, she was too perfect and her little princess attitude kind of pissed me off.

After half an hour she was almost through half of the questions but started squirming slightly as she felt the pressure in her bladder increase. She continued answering the questions as fast as she could, hoping she would be allowed to leave the classroom right after the test, but the second half wasn't as easy. After another half hour, the pressure in her abdomen was getting painfully strong. She was heavily squirming, crossing and uncrossing her leg and shoving a hand between her legs from time to time. As her desperation grew, she made a new attempt to convince me: ''please please, I really really have to go, please...'' she begged. But I wasn't that easily convinced: ''No, Milly, I'll let you go when you're through with the test.''

She was quite relieved, as she had only three questions left and it would be a matter of minutes before she gets to the bathroom. She seemed confident she would be able to hold it till then. Still her desperation was pretty high and she couldn't keep from squirming and constantly moving her legs, which permanently hosted her left hand. Her desperation added so much to her cuteness that I couldn't keep myself from starring at her in awe, delighted by the struggle between her brain and her body. She went as fast as she could through the last questions and rushed to bring her copy at my desk. She was about to run to the door when I interrupted her: ''Wait Milly, there is a last redaction question'' I handed her a sheet with the question and she hesitated, starring at the door. ''B-but...''

"If you don't want to, don't answer it, but I have to warn you it counts for half of the test." For a few seconds, she looked like she was going to burst in tears and wet herself right there, but she managed to get herself together and took the paper I was handing her. She went back to her seat and read the question. "Explain in detail the functioning of a water mill." What the hell? We had talked about it in class, but it wasn't a question she expected to see in a test, and certainly not one that she wanted to answer now. This simple thought pushed her desperation one step further and a powerful pressure surge struck her violently.

She squealed and sent her right hand to meet the left one between her crossed legs. The pain in her abdomen was becoming unbearable and her tired muscles would not hold it any longer. Another wave followed directly. She felt the feared hot flow spurt out of her tortured body, run under her fingers, through her panties and her dress. She whimpered while she pressed as hard as she could on her girlhood, trying to delay the unavoidable flood. After a couple of second, she managed to stop it but there was now a very explicit dark spot on her dress.

Eventually, she kind of answered the last question as fast as she could although she had suffered several other pressure attacks and small leaks while doing so. With great efforts, she managed to stand up and slowly made it to my desk, leaving several small drops on her way. She was squirming with desperation and humiliation as her whole body kept shaking violently under the pressure torturing her weakened flood gate. She laid her paper on my desk then quickly shoved her hand back between her clenched legs. ''May I go now?'' she whispered painfully while hot tears started to form in her eyes. ''Yes go...'' I carelessly replied, thinking she couldn't hold it one second longer anyway.

With babysteps, she walked to the door, painfully pushing on her girlhood to limit the amount of pee that leaked through her panties on each step she took. Hot tears were flowing down her cheeks and her sobbing was now obvious. Even if she managed to keep most of it inside till she reaches the bathroom, she had been – and still was- leaking pretty bad. Her light blue panties were already fully soaked and there was a noticeable dark spot on the front and back of her dress. Small wet trails could be seen on her legs and one could follow her track from her desk to my desk and to where she stood, a few feet away from the classroom's door.

Although her situation was pretty desperate, I was afraid she would make it to the bathroom with only minor wetting. That was something I would not allow. While everybody was starring at Milly, I gently pushed a big fat dictionary that happened to be on the edge of my desk. It fell on the ground with a loud noise, making everyone in the class turn to my desk with a surprised look.

For Milly, the surprised look quickly changed into an horrified look as the hot liquid started to pour freely through her already soaked panties, flowing down her legs and hitting the floor with noticeable splotching sounds. She immediately brought her hands back to her crotch, pushing with all her strength, bending and crossing her legs in a desperate attempt to stop the embarrassing flux. Unfortunately, all hope was lost. Her effort only made it worse: urine was now pouring all over her hands, flowing between her fingers and drawing a huge wet spot ruining her cute pink dress, reaching up to her abdomen under the pressure of her hands. As more and more pee came out, it ran down her legs, infiltrating her white socks and her purple Dora shoes.

This was all she was able to take. With a loud cry, she collapsed on her knees in the already nice sized puddle and buried her bright red face in her pee-soaked hands. She sat there crying like a baby while her pee continued to powerfully force its way out of her angry bladder in a quite audible hissing sound, running down her crotch to her anus, through the back of her dress onto her socks and shoes. Everyone in the room was silent, starring with amazement at the now huge puddle expanding around the poor crying girl. The lower half of her dress was now completely drenched. Nobody had ever thought such a little girl's bladder could hold so much pee but the yellowish puddle beneath her was still expanding and the hissing sound didn't seem to fade out. Milly was still crying out loud in her hands, causing drops of tears mixed with pee to roll from her hands and vanish into her soaked dress.

She sat there for three full minutes emptying her bladder, sobbing and whispering about how much she wanted to die, that I ruined her life and I was just a mean person, while the puddle expanded to more than 5 feet until the now familiar hissing sound faded. Even then, she didn't stand up. She kept shaking and sobbing, still on her knees, head in her hands and sitting on her feet, as if she thought she could just dissolve right there in her own pee.

I was the first to break the silence, with a daring 'Girl, you could have told me you needed to go that bad. I would have let you go.' It had the expected result: she started to cry out loud again, while trying to get up, giving everybody the opportunity to contemplate the humiliating mess. Below her waist was not a single dry spot on her dress to be seen and several drops fell occasionally as she walked to the door. I could imagine her warm, soaked panties sticking on her prepubescent vagina, leaving her with a strange unknown feeling. Her socks and shoes were also completely drenched, causing a nice splashing sound at every step she made.

Another girl tried to comfort her as she was leaving the classroom. ''Come on, Milly, it's not your fault, accidents happen. I'll go with you to the nurse's office if you want.'' Still sobbing, The poor girl mumbled an embarrassed ''thank you'' as I heard them going down the hallway. Satisfied, I called a janitor as I started to think of my next victim.

*004*2011-03-10 10:19

Thanks for your comments so far.

First of all: Yes, the teacher is a real asshole and he would be fired or worse if the school board or Milly's parents found out. Unfortunately, they won't. To clarify things, I'll add that the teacher is a man. I could have made it clear in the story and given him a name but it doesn't really matter. The important thing is that he's a real pervert jerk. Anyway, I don't think he'll appear in another story, except maybe for a fast mention in a follow-up I plan on writing next involving her newly made friend.

The thing is that Milly will always wet herself because of some malevolent person(s), bearing little or no responsibility for her accidents, and will always receive compassion from the other characters. Her friend, that you'll discover soon, will wet herself because she's careless, forgetful and totally not self-confident, being often fully responsible for her accidents and consequently the laughing stock of the other characters. I won't tell you more about her for now, you'll discover her soon enough. In my next stories I'll try do dig a bit further in the two girls' character.

I'm glad you found Milly to be so cute, I wanted that and put great efforts into it. I understand when you say she seems to be younger than she is. I did indeed exaggerate her childish body and her crying but in this kind of stressful situation, we might think a little girl could regress to some child-like behaviors.

Anyway if you like Milly, be prepared to read more about her. I really can't say when my next story will come, as it depends of the free time I have, but it will come.

*013*2011-03-19 16:32

OK guys here's the promised follow-up. It starts right at the end of the previous one.

It's told by Tanya, the girl who accompanied Milly to the nurse.It's not easy to include self description of the narrator but I tried.

I don't know if it's as good as the first one. You tell me

“It's not your fault, Milly. Mr Phillips did it on purpose. He's a bad person. You should tell the principal and your parents.” I told her as we were walking down the hallway towards the nurse's office.

“No Way,” She answered “If my dad finds out, he'll kill me.”

“But he'll eventually find out,” I said, pointing at her soaked dress, “what are you going to tell him when you come home with those wet clothes in your bag?”

“I'll find a way, please don't tell anybody.” She sobbed.

“Ok, if you want, but I can't promise you the others won't.” I knocked on the nurse's door.

Miss Thompson opened and quickly understood Milly's situation.

“Aw, poor girl, come on in.” She said with a soft voice.

We entered and she gave Milly a set of new clothes. She didn't ask any question since she didn't want to embarrass her even more. While Milly was cleaning herself and changing, I asked the nurse if she could get the clothes clean and dry by the end of the day, two hours from now in fact, as the last period was about to start. She said it should be possible if she runs a fast program and we should come back after class to get them.

“Why do you do that for me? I've never done anything special for you.” Milly asked as we walked out of the nurse's office.

“I don't know, it's just that I saw you so sad and Mr Phillips is such a jerk. I just can't stand seeing someone in such a state...” I replied.

“You're very sweet.” She said.

“I wish that was enough...” I whispered.

“What do you mean?” She asked.

“Everybody hates me.” I mumbled.

“No! Why do you think so?” She seemed quite surprised.

“Nobody ever talks to me.” I continued.

“Well, you never talk to anybody either.” She noticed.

“I'm afraid to say something stupid. Besides, I'm fat and ugly...”

“No that's not! It's called babyfat, it's cute. And you have a very beautiful face too. Really you're not ugly at all. Plus, you've got breasts, I look like an ironing board.” She admitted.

I didn't answer. It was true that I wasn't fat like Lindsay or Kim, It was really babyfat but I hated it. That plus my stupid red hair and my freckles I really looked like a toddler. Imagine when you add the little girl's clothes my parents made me wear, the picture is complete.

I wasn't a baby anymore, I was 11 and indeed, my breasts started to develop a few months ago and were clearly noticeable. My uncle often told me I was the cutest thing he had ever seen and that he would like to eat me. I never really understood what he meant though.

“You know, a few weeks ago, Ken told me he found you were cute.” She said after a pause.

No way! Ken? He was the most handsome guy in the class, I didn't believe it.

“Thank you for trying, but you don't need to lie to me.” I said.

“I don't lie. You need to be more confident Tanya. You really are a nice and cute girl, you just don't know it yet.” She tried to assure me.

Be more confident... That's easier said than done. It's probably the phrase I've heard the most in my life, always by people who succeed in everything they do and make good impression every time they speak. It was easy for them, but I wasn't one of them.

I went and picked up our bags in Mr Phillips' room before we headed to Ms Campbell's class.

“Sorry we're late.” I apologized.

“It's ok girls, go to your desks.” She kindly answered. “Milly, are you alright?” She was clearly well informed about what happened during Mr Phillip's class and seemed concerned about her.

Milly blushed and sheepishly mumbled she was fine while taking her seat.

Fifteen minutes later, I suddenly felt the need to pee. I felt a little bit stupid as I could have gone to the bathroom on our way to the class but Miss Campbell was a very kind woman and she wouldn't object. So I was allowed to go and rushed to the bathroom, chose a clean stall, pulled down my blue shorts and panties and sat on the toilet. That's when I realized that I didn't need to pee anymore. I sat there for ten minutes thinking about rivers and waterfalls but nothing would do. I couldn't sit here for the whole period so I went back to the class hoping I wouldn't have to go again during the period.

“We thought you fell into the bowl!” Miss Campbell joked.

“I-I had a whole lot to let out...” I lied, blushing as some pupils giggled.

“It's ok Tanya.” She then briefly repeated what she was explaining while I was out.

Half an hour later, the unpleasant need reappeared. There was no way I could ask to go again so I just held it. There was only a bit more than an hour before the end of the period so I thought I had fairly good chances to be able to hold it till then.

Unfortunately, the urge quickly became undeniable. The class would end in forty minutes, but I wasn't sure I'd be able to keep it inside. Anyway, I had already left the class and I didn't dare to ask to leave again. I wasn't really desperate so I could wait and see how my bladder would react. I clenched my legs together and tried to tell myself it would pass just like before. It didn't: I could feel the pressure in my abdomen increase minute by minute.

Twenty minutes till the end of the last period! The pressure in my bladder had become very strong and I really started to worry about how I'd handle this. I had been crossing and uncrossing my legs for a while and endured frequent spasms, each one increasing my desperation. I was so close to my salvation, I couldn't give up now. I tried to concentrate on the lesson and forget about my bladder but it had been waiting for too long and kept reminding me of its fullness with increasing force.

Fifteen minute later, my hands shoot between my legs as my bladder endured a new set of violent spasms. The pain in my abdomen was growing to the point where tears started to well in my eyes. I realized I couldn't even hold it in for the 5 minutes before the end of the period. It was now or never. If I didn't ask to go right now, I didn't have a single chance to make it. I was squirming and shaking like hell, legs tightly crossed and obviously bouncing on my chair. As I was trying to raise my hand, my classmates had noticed the reason of my discomfort and they would not let me escape so easily.

“Fatty's gonna pee! Fatty's gonna pee!” Almost everybody was singing with joy as my blushing expanded to my entire face.

Miss Campbell looked at me and realized, to her big surprise, my advanced state of desperation.

''Tanya, go to the bathroom! Now!'' She said with a harsh voice she rarely used.

That was it, my humiliation was now complete. As I tried to stand up, a hot and wet feeling grew in my crotch and between my thighs, soaking my panties and starting to attack my shorts. I instantly dropped back to my chair, my shaking legs tightly clenched and both hand painfully squeezing my desperate girlhood. The big warm tears that had been forming for a few minutes sprang abundantly out of my eyes, rolling down my puffy cheeks and my neck, some falling on my shirt.

“Tanya?” Miss Campbell asked, this time with a caring voice. “Why do you inflict this to yourself?”

I was unable to answer. In fact, I was unable to speak at all and neither could I move. I had almost beaten the last squirt but the delay I enjoyed was only due to the high pressure my hands applied to my soar private parts. Furthermore, a light flow was still making its way out of my bladder, running down my crotch and slowly expanding around my butt. Out of energy, I released the desperate grip and burst in tears. I looked down in shame and contemplated the humiliating flood rushing out of my defeated body.

My poor bladder approved and ejected the powerful yellow stream through my ruined panties, darkening my short almost instantly. The seat of my chair was quickly filled and the embarrassing fluid started to drip on the floor and run down the back of my shaking legs. My shorts were sticking to my skin and became almost transparent, revealing the shapes it was supposed to hide. At age 11, I could not believe I was thoroughly wetting myself like a little girl in front of the whole class. For sure, I was going to hear about it for a very very long time and my present humiliation was just a small part of what still was ahead of me.

“Fatty pees! Fatty pees! Fatty pees!”

Everybody was laughing, pointing at me and watching the puddle expand around my feet and under my chair. Everybody but Milly, who seemed quite affected by my misadventure. She looked at me with a sad compassionate look wanting to comfort me but not knowing what to say. It was miss Campbell who put a stop to the humiliating song.

“Everybody shut up!” She commanded.

Nobody had ever heard her yell like this and the class was immediately brought back to silence that was only altered by the sound of my pee falling in the puddle and my crying. I've never felt so ashamed in my whole life. My bladder didn't seem to be willing to put an end to the punishment it was inflicting me for making it wait that long. My socks were soaked and urine filled my shoes while more and more was flowing down my legs. The students sitting near me picked up their bags to avoid them getting soiled by my dirty waters. I realized mine had already been strongly affected but that was a detail about which I couldn't care less in my situation.

“Tanya, go to the nurse's office. Milly, go with her please” Ordered miss Campbell.

Milly picked up our bags as we wouldn't come back to the class today. Hot pee was still pouring out my broken floodgates but, as I didn't know how to say it, I stood up and followed Milly while the last ounces of pee left an humiliating yellowish trail behind me. I was still crying loud when we got out of the classroom and started to walk down the hallway.

“I-I'm sorry, Milly” I sobbed. I told her what happened when I went to the bathroom.

“Come on, Tanya, it happens, it's not your fault” She tried to comfort me.

“Yes it is, I could have asked to go again when I really needed to, she would have let me go but I was too scared to ask again. I'm ugly, I'm fat, stupid, and now even more the laughing stock of the whole school” I started to cry like a baby again.

She didn't know what to say, she'd already tried to tell me I wasn't fat nor ugly nor stupid. I needed to be more confident... How could I do it now, after I peed myself in the middle of the class? It was not as if I had been in Milly's situation in which she was totally forgivable. I just humiliated myself because I'm a stupid fool who didn't dare to ask to go to the bathroom a second time.

When we reached the nurse's office, she stopped me, put her hands on my shoulders and looked in my eyes with caring and compassionate eyes. I instantly looked down in shame.

“But now you have a friend!” She told me with a kind smile.

I looked back up to meet her eyes and I almost smiled too. This was the nicest thing she could have said. I knew she was sincere and I sensed a feeling of joy I had never felt before.

Now, I had a friend!

*015*2011-03-31 14:36

Thank you for the nice comments.

I made a few corrections to the second story. I think I kinda rushed for posting it before I noticed some mistakes. No real big change though.

I have another story that's almost finished but I don't know if I should post it in this thread or make a new one. If somebody can enlighten me, I would appreciate. Thank you

