Jasons Punishment

Author: dolk2

*000*2010-11-12 13:09

It was a monday morning and Jason was lying in his bed suddently jasons mom Jessica came into the room. 'Good morning jason' she said 'good morning mommy' jason replied. Jason went downstairs into the kitchen and ate his breakfast. When he was done he went into the living room and watched some TV until the school buss came. When he arrived in school he went to his locker and got his math books and then went to class. He went into the class room and waited for the teacher to come. He sat there talking with some of his friend when the teacher entered the room and told everyone to be quiet and start working. Jason started to do some math.

The lesson was 1 and a half hour long. When a hour had passed he started to feel that he needed to pee. So he raised his hand and asked the teacher if he could go to the toilet and the teacher said 'no jason you have to wait' 'but i cant hold it' jason said but the teacher still said no. Jason started to look at the clock and try to hold it. 10 minutes passed then jason felt that he couldnt hold it anymore. So he tried to think about something else and suddenly he felt warm and he looked down on his pants witch had become soaked with pee.

At that time the teacher were walking around and looking how it went for the students and if they were working and when she reached jasons bench she looked at jason who looked like he was crying quietly. ' is something wrong she asked jason' 'i...i *sob* peed my pant' jason said. 'what?' then the teacher looked down at jasons soaked pants. She told the stutends that the lesson have ended and she told all stuteds to leave exept jason. The teacher had a long talk with jason then sent him off to the school nurse. Jason walked trough the school hall and people looked at him and laughed.

When jason reached the school nurses office the nurse was waiting for him. 'come in here jason' the nurse said. jason walked into the office still crying quietly. 'your teacher sent you here jason but she didnt tell me why' 'she sent me here becaus i..i' jason stopped talking. 'why?' the nurse asked 'because i peed my pant' jason replied and then jason started to cry more. 'well i can fix that. just jump up on that table over there' the nurse said. Jason went over to the table and climbed up on it.'now take of your pants and underwear' the nurse said and jason did what he was told. The nurse had been taking somethings out of a cabin and went over to the table were jason was. She laid jason down on the table and started to wipe him.

'WHAT ARE YOU DOING' jason shouted. 'relax' the nurse said and continued to wipe jason.

When she had wiped jason she powdered him and then put a diaper on him. While the nurse was doing that jason was just starting to cry more and more. When the nurse was done she told jason to go home. Jason went home and his mom asked him why he was home so early. Jason didnt answer and just went up to his room. jasons mom didnt think about it and continued to do some cleaning. Hours passed and jason did his homework and some other things. later that evening when jason was about to go to bed he went into the bathroom and was trying to take of his diaper. He had avoided his mother noticing anything strange all day but he didnt want to take anymore risks so he was trying to take it off.

When suddenly his mom came into the bathroom and saw him in the diaper. She screamed 'WHAT ARE YOU DOING JASON!' and jason replied 'i can explain' then jason told the whole storie to his mom. Jasons mom was angry becaus he had peed his pant and continued to scream at him. she screamed 'IF YOU CANT CONTROL YOURSELF THEN YOU SHOULD BE IN DIAPER YOU LITTLE BABY'. She sent jason to bed with the diaper on and locked the bathroom door for the night. Next morning jason mom never woke him up so he continued to sleep for a good while and he woke up about 12.00 clock he went into the bathroom that was now unlocked and took of his diaper and threw it in the trash. he went into his room and went to his dresser and opend his underwear drawer. to his suprise he only found diapers.

He went down and talked to his mom. She said 'Well since you are such a big baby i bought you some diapers becaus babies dont wear underwear' jason continued to ask his mom alot of things and she explained that he was going to be punished and that he woulnt need to go to school anymore since babies dont do that. So jason was punished and lived most of his teenage years as a baby wearing diapers 24/7 and eating only baby food and never going to school. When he turned 20 he moved away from his mom and had at that time developed a full Diaper fetish.

