The Wet Time Traveller - Desperation in the medieval castle

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-01-07 00:02

A woman travels through time when she orgasms after a particularly vivid erotic dream, arriving in the medieval castle of her dream and mistaken for a servant by the lord and lady. When she pees, she returns to the present, forcing her to hold it in whilst she tries to seduce the lord in the past and her best friend in the present.

Here's chapter 1 for you. See what you think...

In the rest of the book she meets her friend for a coffee and hides in the toilet to masturbate. When she came she was instantly back in the castle, escorted by a guard. When she peed on him she returned to the coffee shop, her friend wondering how she could have gotten cum on my cheek whilst in the toilet.

To prove she's telling the truth she takes her home and masturbates in front of her but this time the two of them travel to the past, made to spank each other by the lady of the house as she squirms in desperation before letting go of my bladder over her friend.

When they return to the present her friend wants to go back one more time, needing an answer to an important question. Reluctantly she agrees and they lay in bed together, seeing who can climax first. As she comes, she is instantly alone with the lord in the castle but dying to pee. This time she's determined to hold it in until after he’s come inside her but is bursting to go. Am working on book two as we speak and the full book one will be available soon! Enjoy chapter one!

Chapter 1 – It Began With an Orgasm

I travel back in time, arriving in a medieval castle where the lord and lady order me to pee on them

I have to tell my story, even knowing that most of you won’t believe me. If I’d been told by someone else they could travel through time when they come, I’d have thought they were lying. If they’d added that they could only return to the present if they wet themselves, I’d think they were insane. But that is exactly what happened to me. Hear me out before you call me crazy.

It all began with an orgasm. I was in bed alone, as I had been for the last six months since Martin left. I was just getting used to being single, no longer waking up and wondering why he wasn’t beside me. Instead I was beginning to enjoy life out of his obsessive control. No more keeping tabs on my phone, no more constantly texting me whenever I went out without him. Anyway, that’s all in the past now, or the future, depending on how you look at it. But I’m getting ahead of myself. I had just woken up from an intensely erotic dream when I found my hand sliding down my body, over my taut stomach, past the waistband of the fleece pyjama bottoms I was wearing and across the light fuzz of my pubic hair.

I was surprised by how wet I was and as my fingers traced a line along my labia I felt my heart rate quicken, my body beginning to tingle. I kept my eyes closed as I recalled my dream. I’d been a maid in a medieval castle, tending to the lord and lady. They were in some kind of private chamber, tapestries covering the wall and a roaring fire keeping the night’s chill outside where it belonged. I was pouring water into a bowl as I heard a loud sigh. I turned to find the lord kissing the neck of his lady. I stood transfixed as he began to strip her.

I lay in my bed as I thought about the vision of the two of them, my hand gently stroking the engorged bud of my clit, wetness dripping from me, coating my legs as I focussed on the sight of the lord and lady falling into bed together. The sight of his hard cock filled my mind and I found myself wishing I could take the lady’s place, yearning for the lord as if I’d lusted after him for a long time. I knew it was forbidden to move so I remained where I stood awaiting their instructions.

As my hand moved faster I slid my other hand past it under the bed covers, gathering up moisture before probing at the slick entrance to my pussy, teasing myself as the lord teased the lady. I finally let one finger slide up inside me as I moaned out loud. In my head the imagery of the dream grew stronger, becoming more real. It felt as if I was really there and as time passed the me laid in bed became more like the dream. I felt a climax building up inside me, like a pressure behind my hips, growing stronger and stronger until with a final flick over my clit I came. That was when it happened.

I felt a whoosh of air, like wind passing by my ears and I opened my eyes to find my room had vanished. I was no longer laid half naked in bed. I was instead in the very hall of my dreams. My orgasm was still racing through my body, I could feel my clit throbbing and my pussy contracting but my hands were now by my side. I looked down in shock to see I was wearing a coarse linen dress and standing on straw covered flagstones. I heard a moan and realised I wasn’t alone. The four poster bed before me was creaking, exactly as it had in my dream. Laid on it were a man and a woman, both naked.

“What the hell?” I blurted out before I could stop myself. The man turned at the sound of my voice and glared at me.

“You will be silent until called upon Abigail, is that clear?”

“Yes my lord,” I replied automatically, curtseying without even realising I was doing it. It was as if I was only half in control of my body, it seemed to be guiding me towards the correct course of action, helping me to fit in without drawing attention to myself. I thought this had to be a dream. It couldn’t be real. I must have fallen asleep again and continued my dream from before. But this time seemed different. It was all so real. I dug the nails of my fingers into my palms and the pain felt very vivid.

The whole place assailed my senses. I could smell the straw at my feet, the scent of sex coming from the bed as the lady clambered onto all fours, facing me and staring into my confused eyes. I found myself becoming aroused again. Her expression was so animalistic, hungry eyes piercing into me as the man knelt behind her, thrusting forwards. I knew he had entered her as she gasped out loud, the sound echoing round the room as he began to push himself in and out of her.

With each thrust I felt my own pussy begin to ache, I found myself wanting him inside me, as if I’d been yearning for him for some time. Perhaps the Abigail person I had become had lusted after her master. I wondered if she had ever had him. Somehow I doubted it, or else the frustration inside me wouldn’t have felt so strong.

“You may approach the bed Abigail,” the man said. I half bowed and stepped to the end of the bed, my face close enough to the lady to feel her breath on my cheek as she continued to stare at me, her breasts swinging beneath her as she moved back and forth on her knees with each thrust of the man behind her. I found myself wondering what was going to be asked of me next.

“Step up here girl, you know what is expected of you.” He sounded angry with me, his face becoming redder as he fucked his partner faster, I somehow knew he was approaching his orgasm already. “Come along, I have little time left.”

“Begging your pardon my lord. I know not what you wish of me.”

“Curse you girl, you forget everything I teach you. Come and stand over her arse, now!”

I climbed up onto the bed and manoeuvred myself until I was standing astride the woman’s back, my dress lifting to round my thighs, allowing me to stretch my legs each side of her. I felt so strange, no longer sure if this was a dream or if I had actually travelled through time. The man looked up at me and I found my eyes drawn past his sweating muscular chest, down to his hips where his cock glistened with pussy juices as it disappeared up inside her.

“Come on girl. Get on with it. I am close.”

“What is your wish my lord?” I was still unsure just what he wanted me to do.

Sighing, he stopped thrusting, holding just the tip of his cock inside his lady as she leaned forwards onto her elbows, trying her best to push her bottom back towards him, wanting him inside her once more.

“Lift your dress and piss you stupid girl!”

I could hardly believe what I was hearing. This had to be a dream. Or a nightmare. I couldn’t understand why my own brain would create a scenario like this but as if to reflect his command my bladder suddenly felt overfilled. I was bursting to urinate, having had no desire just moments before. I squirmed on the spot as my body came close to losing control. He couldn’t really expect me to pee on her could he? This had to be a bad dream.

“Do my bidding Abigail, lift your dress and piss on my cock.”

His command overpowered my natural hesitation and my bladder let go, releasing a torrent of urine, more than I’d ever peed before. I lifted my dress to above my waist, surprised by my lack of underwear as my pussy was exposed to his view. Piss splashed from me and fell straight onto the woman’s bottom, trickling between her cheeks and landing on the man’s cock. As soon as piss hit him he began thrusting as fast and he could and seconds later he groaned loudly, pushing himself all the way into her as the last of my urine dripped from me.

“As I peed I closed my eyes with a mixture of arousal and shame and when I opened them again I was once more laid in my bed, the sheets soaking underneath me. It had to have been a dream. I sat up, my face turning red as I realised I had wet my bed. If only I’d known what was going to happen to me the next time I orgasmed, I’d have known for sure it wasn’t a dream.

*002*2014-01-07 09:29

{{ 

This is a really good story- I love the fact that she can only return home when she pees despite her perhaps unwillingness to do so! Please post the next chapter! ;)

}}

Am glad you liked chapter 1. The rest can be found here

.

I'm working on book two at the moment, will let you know how I get on!

*004*2014-01-19 20:04

{{ 

Really hot story....thanks for posting

}}

Am glad you liked it. I've just finished updating my website so you can download the first chapter of every book I've written as PDF files to see if there's any other omorashi stories you like the look of! You might like the "Choose your own erotic adventure

" where you choose who to seduce and get a chance to indulge in golden showers with the characters in the story. It's set in a medieval world similar to this one.

