Italian Fiction

Author: shinigami

*000*2011-05-26 06:56

This is a story I found in an Italian site, translated and simplified.

Tonight we went to the party of Renato.

She, Marcella, is my sweet girl .... people define us with contempt "lesbian," we like to call as two girls in love.

My favorite sexual fantasy is omorashi but I never even thought to reveal. I'm afraid she would not understand.

During the festival Marcella was drunk.

Come home, dragged her into the bedroom, and undress, put her to bed, and she fell fast asleep. It makes me think of the classic joke that the boys were on a school trip.

They said that putting in a glass of hot water the hand of someone who is asleep, that person becomes wet the bed ... how can I resist?

Going crazy at the thought of her waking up the next morning and discovers that she pissed all shameful in her underwear, while I can comfort her.

How to explain the mental pleasure and at the same time, the anxiety of not being able to go back and watch a violent and continuous spray, after wet panties, spreads out to form a yellow spot and hot?

It is obvious that my almost sleepless night has passed between the excitement and the thought of how I wanted and had to act the next morning, once discovered by Marcella her involuntary crime ".

How will she react? It would be nice if she liked ...

After a couple of hours of sleep I am awakened by a sudden movement of my bedfellow.

At that moment, I pretend to sleep to study the reactions of her.

Of course she opened her eyes and realized that she pissed on, unable to check the confused and surprised with a whispered "Shit."

I pretend to wake up and say: "But ... but ... what happened?"

She blushes like a bell pepper, but doesn't speak.

"Honey - I say with a smile and whisper - you peed yourself?"

"Yes - more and more red, stutter - that is ... uh ... I do not know ... I was drunk, I have not noticed ... "

"And so my little girl woke up with wet panties ... honey , you don't be ashamed, these things happen, but why you don't tell me?"

Her embarrassment makes me excited.

"I was ashamed ... I was afraid of your reaction, and you tease me because I wet the bed like a baby."

"Come here baby ... I must confess ... ... I'll tell you that you shouldn't at ashamed, I find it very sexy indeed the idea of ​​you while pee yourself"

As I say, my heart beats fast and I think that if she reacted badly, I can say that my sentence was a simple attempt to console her.

But Marcella , as usual, understands and embarrassed says:

"So ... you like? because I like me too!!"

Since then, my love story turned into a love and omorashi story!!!

THE END

I apologize for my bad English and I hope you like the story

Bye for everyone

*002*2011-05-26 09:33

{{:

For some reason i struggle to hold my pee in for very long, i guess i have a weak bladder but lemme know if we'll have a chat session for this!

}}

Unfortunately my English is very bad, so I decided not to participate in chat but only to post stories.

Sorry and bye

