HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 7

Author: frostyjr2

*150*2014-03-01 23:34

Since there have been a few requests for more of Erica the little housemaid, she will oblige now by appearing in this chapter... not just appear, but be featured in it.

We hope you enjoy it.

CHAPTER 17:

DEJA VU ALL OVER AGAIN

"Sod those girls, it's all their fault she's gotten this idea in her head now!" little Erica muttered to herself. As the tiny housemaid stood up on tiptoe on the small ladder, balancing very precariously in her high heeled shoes and reaching as high as possible with her feather duster to clean the quite non-existent dust from the books on the top shelf, she was squirming with desperation. It had been far too long since her last pee break, but she tried hard not to think about that now as she went about the various tasks she had to perform in order to fulfill her duties. By now, Erica was actually quite amazed at the way a full bladder could turn even the simplest of jobs into a challenging affair.

On waking this morning she had been informed of the new rules, and had been dressed in her maid's uniform without being allowed to relieve herself. As if that weren't already enough, her mistress had inserted a remote controlled vibrating egg into her privates before pulling up her silk knickers, and while the pretty little maid was going about her work, every so often the device would switch on when she least expected it, causing a series of quite unpredictable cascading waves of pleasure to mingle with her desperation until by now the two sensations were almost inextricably melded in her mind and body.

All of this, the twisting and reaching and bending over become such sweet torture when one so badly needs a wee. And that egg... OMG! This part certainly wasn't in the job description, she thought to herself as she felt just the tiniest bit of pee escape into her black silk knickers, making them warm and damp before she clenched her PC muscles tightly to stop the flow of it as rapidly as it had begun.

OMG, there's absolutely no way I'm getting through this whole morning without a wee; I'm fer the loo right this sec, in fact!!! And I really don't care what she has to say about it, either!

She climbed back down the ladder as quickly as possible while taking care not to lose her balance, knowing that a slip and fall would probably have her wetting herself uncontrollably. As it was, she was struggling to maintain control of her bladder now. She headed down the hall, hoping to steal a brief moment in which to relieve herself.

Although, for some reason, I AM finding it rather arousing to be in this state...

Just as she found herself thinking that, she felt another small trickle of urine coming out, and she stopped in her tracks, curtseying with her legs crossed tightly together now as she squirmed in place, helpless to prevent it. She sighed deeply, knowing that it would only be a matter of minutes before she would actually lose control, whether she made it to the toilet or not.

She had had a full list of things to do, and had gone about her tasks already a bit desperate right from the start, but somehow she had managed to hold on, only the smallest of trickles of hot wee escaping into her black silk knickers from time to time despite her desperation and the unpredictable stimulation from the vibrating egg's random starts and stops.

But now it was almost mid-day; the urge was undeniable, and she was near to the absolute end of her ability to hold. Her small bladder was full and distended beneath her tight black top and lace trimmed apron, and her short skirt gave little protection from the odd draft of cold air which rather rapidly turned the warm wet feeling down between her legs into a cold and clammy one that actually made her eager for the next warm little squirt. Which then occurred right on cue as the egg began to whirr softly inside of her once more, then stopped just as suddenly as it had started.

OMG, I'm not going to make it, am I? she thought, even as she started pee dancing her way down the hall again, more rapidly this time. And she's not even here to see me wet, either! She said she wanted to see it!!!

Somehow, against all odds, the little maid had managed to make it to the WC, though. Glancing around nervously to see if anyone was watching, she realized that the coast was clear. She reached for the door handle with a trembling hand, the other being wedged firmly down between her legs up under her short skirt beneath the layers of flouncy, frilly petticoats she wore and pressing hard on her tiny wee hole through her damp panties in a desperate but futile attempt to prevent the inevitable.

At that exact moment, Erica heard Lady Daghly calling her name, but fearing any second now could be the one to see her peeing uncontrollably into her skimpy black silk panties, she couldn't afford to be delayed for even an instant. Turning the door handle to the bathroom, she squealed a little moan of despair when it wouldn't budge. She steeled herself to give it a hefty kick, hoping that the impact wouldn't dislodge more than just the recalcitrant door, but it was too late...

"Erica, where do you think you are going? Get back to work right this instant!" Lady Daghly scolded, standing right behind her now. At that very same moment, the vibrating egg was activated. The little housemaid gasped softly as she heard it begin to whirr quietly and felt it moving gently inside of her, helpless to prevent it in any way.

OMG, not now!!! Please, not now!! she thought. NOT NOW!!!

With the bathroom door handle still firmly in her hand, Erica reluctantly stopped in her tracks and turned around slowly, blushing beet red and praying that Lady D. wouldn't notice either the sound of the vibrating egg inside of her as its pulses began to grow stronger and faster now, or her reaction to the sudden increased stimulation.

"I'm sorry, Ma'am, I just really need to..." Her voice was half gasp, half whisper now.

"Never mind that for the moment. That silly Parker girl has gone and had another accident; I really just wish someone could just tell her where the lavatory is. Go and clean up her puddle for me now, would you, and be quick about it."

It was at that moment little Erica realised the error of wearing silk underwear. As a slightly longer jet of hot wee shot from her frantic body, it spent only the briefest moment within her knickers before trickling straight through. Feeling it dribble down the inside of her right thigh, it quickly dawned on her that although it did feel very nice against one's skin, silk wasn't particularly absorbent, and she took that moment to curtsey again deeply, rubbing her thighs together as she did to try to hide the fact that she had just wet herself a little.

'Yes, Ma'am! Right away, Ma'am!" Erica replied contritely with downcast eyes. Which was just as well, because there was murder in them at the moment; they flashed a strange red color very briefly before turning back to their usual lovely shade of green.

"That's a good girl! She's in the upstairs hallway again; don't forget to fetch the cleaning supplies before you go, now."

Erica carefully made her way back to the kitchen to get the bucket and sponge again, trying to keep her thighs pressed together as tightly as possible while she walked and feeling tiny dribbles of her pee escaping all the while, dampening her knickers bit by bit. Despite her best efforts, they were quite sodden with her fragrant pee by now, she could tell, but still, she was somehow able to hold back the main flood as she went gingerly up the stairs, leaking ever so slightly all the while.

As she passed the Hepworth sculpture on the landing, she had to pause for a moment as a wave of serious desperation threatened to overwhelm her right there, and she squeaked like a little mouse as she squirted just a bit more hot pee into her black silk panties before she was able to regain control of her bodily functions, her legs crossed and bending deeply at the knees.

OMG, I just about lost it there; I don't know how much more of this I'm going to be able to take before I wet myself totally, the cute little housemaid thought. As she walked down the hallway with her cleaning supplies in hand, she began to realize something about the state she was in.

It does feel really nice, this holding...I wonder if it's the same for that Megan girl?

Just as that thought passed through little Erica's head, she saw Megan standing there, in a puddle of her own making once again.

She actually holds until she can't take it anymore... OMG! I know how good it feels to have a wee when you've really got to go, so... I wonder what it feels like to wet like that?

Now Erica was curious as well as desperate. And since Lady D hadn't allowed her to use the loo, she made up her mind. The little maid would try to hold on for as long as she could, knowing that that would probably only be a few more minutes at the very most!

"Hullo, ma'am, no need to be upset, now," the small girl said, noticing the tears at the corners of Megan's eyes. "This is all in a day's work for me, ma'am; I don't mind a bit." Erica lowered her voice now. "Besides, I'm totes desp meself, ma'am, really. So don't be surprised if I..."

The sentence trailed off as the little housemaid blushed bright red, looking down at Megan's puddle. She squirmed in place, feeling the fullness of her bladder, the warm wetness down between her legs not only from the pee that had already leaked out into her knickers, but also now from her girl juices. There was no mistaking the feeling any more; she was quite aroused from the periodic and unpredictable stimulation of the toy inside of her, from her own very desperate state, and from the knowledge that she was going to end up wetting herself uncontrollably any minute now, and in front of Megan, no less...

Erica was feeling a strange mixture of emotions as she bent down to begin cleaning up the puddle, still squirming in place and dribbling hot pee into her panties all the while, but resisting the urge to just totally let go, fighting so desperately to hold on. As she was down there on her knees, her upper body parallel to the floor as she worked, suddenly she became aware of two things: that the egg had begun vibrating inside of her again, and that the two of them weren't alone in the hallway any more. That Sarah girl was there watching her now, OMG... and Wan Yu had emerged seemingly from out of nowhere as well, holding the remote that controlled the egg inside of her and turning it up even further now.

As the increased stimulation rapidly took effect, it finally pushed the pretty little maid over the edge. She gasped loudly as the waves of a strong orgasm began to engulf her, and Erica's cheeks flushed even more red with embarrassment as she realized that she had reached the end of her ability to hold back the flood of urine within her. Now a hot spurt of pee filled her panties and then squirted out right through them, splashing down onto the floor between her legs as she spread them apart slightly. She gasped again and put her head down between her arms, leaving her cute little bottom still up in the air. There was no stopping it now; hot urine soaked her stocking-clad thighs, flowed down to her knees, and formed a large puddle there that joined with Megan's as both Wan Yu and Sarah looked on, smiling contentedly. The only thing better than a wetter for a watcher was... two wetters!

The feeling of relief was joyful, ecstatic even, despite being mixed with a deep sense of humiliation at such a public display of loss of control. Or was it that her sense of embarrassment and humiliation was actually intensifying her ecstasy?

All she knew for sure was that it felt amazing to be there doing this, peeing her panties while three lovely girls watched her... she didn't dare look up, fearing that it might all be too much for her if she met anyone's gaze right now. She closed her eyes, content to only feel for the moment... feel her blushing face flushed and hot against the cool skin of her arms, feel the welcome warmth between her slightly parted thighs as the hot urine and her girl juices continued their jet and their oozing flow, feel the cool draft of a slight breeze as it crept under her short skirt to make her feel even more vulnerable and exposed right at that very moment. The feelings were amazingly wonderful, and she didn't want them to stop.

Erica continued to pee uncontrollably for a surprisingly long time, her head down between her arms and her eyes averted, feeling the most curious mixture of shame, embarrassment, arousal, pleasure and pride that she'd been able to do what was expected of her. This new sensation was overwhelming; it was amazing, it was ecstatic... there was nothing else like it in the world, and she knew that she would crave this forever. A new sensation, but It seemed oddly familiar too, like something she had experienced in a past life or alternate existence somehow.

Finally the hot flood of urine slowed, the waterfall becoming a smaller stream, then a trickle, until only a few stray droplets still dripped from the little housemaid's soaked knickers into the surprisingly large puddle beneath her now. As she raised her eyes from the floor, she saw Wan Yu, Sarah, and even Megan looking at her with unabashed approval, and more than a hint of lust as well.

Although she now had an even bigger puddle to clean up, little Erica somehow knew this wouldn't be the last time she'd be holding, or wetting herself either.

And she didn't mind the thought, not one little bit.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*152*2014-03-02 00:23

{{: 

Yay little Erica is back been looking forward to see her part of so long now. Even better the vibrating egg was added thanks for doing that Frosty.

}}

It was a pleasure... literally.

I'm so glad you enjoyed it as well !

I was meant to be a minor character in this story, a 'bit player' with a small part... a walk-on, as it were.

But it turns out i'm kind of popular with the readers, so my role is expanding.

And if this turns out to be a good thing, and you people want to read more, i may just have an even bigger part to play in the next story !

- Erica

*155*2014-03-02 03:21

{{: 

I cast a vote for as much Erica as you care to write...

}}

Not sure if you've been following this story, but here's a slightly different take on Erica:

%https://omorashi.org/topic/14436-sisterhood-of-blood/

There's a lot more of her in that one...

*159*2014-03-08 12:40

Hello, good readers !

Here's the latest bit... and it contains a bit of a revelation within, if you read between the lines.

We hope you enjoy it !

CHAPTER 18:

DRIVEN TO THE BRINK

Megan stood at the foot of her bed and rubbed the towel up and down her legs, drying any errant droplets of pee that still lingered on them. As Sarah pretended to look out of the window, she watched her intently in the reflection, every little move she made both sensual and seductive to her. When Megan reached up beneath her dress and slipped her cold wet panties down her legs, wriggling as she did so, it was all Sarah could do to not pounce on her right there and then. She wanted her so badly, but there was no time for that now...

Stepping out of them, Megan wiped away the last of the moisture with the towel before throwing it in a heap on the bed. Now twirling her panties around her index finger, she flicked them playfully at Sarah, and they flew through the air before landing neatly on her shoulder. Megan couldn't help but giggle a little at the awesomeness of her shot.

"If only that was an Olympic sport! I'd make a wicked wet knicker flicker..."

Before Sarah had a chance to react, Megan skipped over to her travel bag and began rummaging for a clean, and more importantly, dry pair to put on. Far from feeling ashamed or embarrassed, Megan was in fact jubilant; the vivid image of little Erica was playing on a loop inside her head. OMG, she had found a fellow wetter!

Turning around and removing the saturated panties from her shoulder, Sarah scrunched them up in her hands, a few droplets of cold wee dripping between her fingers and to the floor. Looking at Megan as she stood bent over and with her back to her, still rummaging through her bag, Sarah's eyes moved slowly up her long luscious legs. Coming to rest on her pert little bottom, hidden beneath her dress but positively mesmerising all the same, a little twinge of excitement pulsed through her body. Sarah was feeling more than just a little aroused; despite the unfortunate turn of events, this weekend had already turned into an unmitigated success as far as she was concerned!

"OK, found them … but this is my last pair," Megan said with a smile as she stepped into them and pulled them up. "I can't wet this pair, or I'll have to go commando until we get home!"

"Oh, now that would be such a shame," Sarah said, unable to keep the sarcasm from her voice. "Come on, we'd better get down to lunch, after all the drama we're running late again!"

Slipping her shoes back on and taking just a moment to compose herself, Megan grasped Sarah's outstretched hand tightly, and the couple left the room.

###

Meanwhile, on the very top floor of the manor in the attic rooms which were allotted to the servants, little Erica was also removing her own soaking wet panties now while the lovely Wan Yu Gigg watched her from the comfort of the small single bed, her long legs fully extended with her leather-booted feet propped up on the footboard, her long shiny dark hair fanned out on the soft down-filled pillow, and the remote control to the vibrating egg still firmly in hand.

"That was quite the show there, my dear little one," the tall woman said with a smile on her lips now. "I had no idea you could hold such a copious amount of liquid inside of you for so long..."

Erica only blushed again, too embarrassed to reply. She had fully enjoyed wetting herself, even if the humiliation of it had been extreme. The last time she'd had an accident in public was... strangely, she couldn't remember. She knew it had happened more than a few times when she was much younger, but there seemed to be other memories also, buried away but rising to the surface slowly now that she had consciously decided to hold until she couldn't anymore. The sensations and emotions were strangely familiar, and she knew she had experienced exactly this same thing more than once before now, although she couldn't recall where or when it had previously happened.

Still, the eerie feeling of déja vu was unmistakable as the cute little housemaid began to rinse out her pee-soaked black silk knickers in the small sink, then soaped them up and rinsed them out again before gently wringing them dry and laying them tenderly over the rack that held her towel and face cloth.

Even the slight draft that chilled her nether regions now that they were bare and exposed under her short skirt and frilly petticoats seemed familiar to her, oddly enough.

"EEEK!"

She scurried quickly over to her dresser and rummaged in the top drawer for another pair of panties now. Finding another skimpy, lace-trimmed pair, she quickly stepped into them and pulled them up into place just as her mistress turned the vibrating egg on again, making her gasp softly.

"Maybe next time I won't let you change out of them, either," Wan Yu said with a wicked little laugh. "The way you squirmed and wriggled all the way back up here was adorable, really."

"OMG, don't even say that!" Erica said, almost panic-stricken. "It feels wonderful when it's warm and wet, when it's happening and right afterwards. I think I like that part... right up to when it starts to feel cold... that's just too icky. I can't stand that feeling, I have to get those panties off fast then."

Strange, she was listening to herself say these words as if it were someone else speaking, someone who had a lot of experience wetting herself...

"Of course, you know I love you, and would never do anything to hurt you, sweetie. Even if you are my little sub, I still want you to be happy, darling."

Wan Yu smiled again, much more sweetly this time, and little Erica's heart melted just as it always did in the face of the obvious and overwhelming love her mistress had for her. She had never felt so safe and secure in her entire life as she did now, under Wan Yu's complete control.

Although, once again, a dim recollection of another place and time was surfacing, as well as a name... Anna? She couldn't be sure, it was too faint a memory... but something like that...

"I know you wouldn't... OHHH!" The little housemaid gasped again as Wan Yu turned up the speed and intensity controls on the remote in her hand, bringing her quite firmly back to the present.

"These panties won't be dry for long if you keep this up," Erica said with a little giggle.

"That's your problem, sweetie, not mine," Wan Yu answered with another smile on her pretty lips. "Hadn't you better be getting back to work now? I'm sure Her Ladyship is wondering where you've wandered off to..."

"Yes, I really must be going... much to do, much to do," the tiny redhead said, her answering smile causing her beautiful green eyes to start twinkling like emeralds now.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*165*2014-03-14 05:56

{{: 

Interesting chapter, now I am racking my brain and re-reading the story looking for the hidden reveal .HMM... something to do with Erica's faint memories ? Anna? My mind also keeps going back to the Interlude of a few weeks ago. As frustrating (in a good way) trying to figure these things out can be, it pleases me when I do.

}}

*166*2014-03-15 22:55

OK, dear readers, i've been running a little late this weekend, and i must apologize for that.

But hopefully this next chapter of HBL will make the wait worthwhile... we've certainly enjoyed it ourselves, orango & i !

CHAPTER 19:

NUTS AND BOLTS

Gripping Sarah's hand tightly, Megan trailed slightly behind as they strolled slowly back down the staircase, her eyes downcast. As hugely exciting as her most recent accident had been, the thought of facing the highly formidable Wan Yu so soon afterwards was filling her with dread, and a rabble of butterflies were dancing a particularly lively tango inside her stomach. During last night's dinner at which she had consumed many large glasses of wine, Wan Yu had seemed so very nice; but now even the thought of her was making Megan feel smaller and more little-girl-like than ever before.

Strangely, it wasn't the worst feeling in the world; in fact, she was finding the whole experience rather enjoyable. To top things off, it had been less than an hour since she’d last peed, but she was already starting to feel a little pressure down there again. But this was her last pair of clean knickers, and she wasn’t going to wet them, no way…

Stepping through the threshold of the salon once again, Megan glanced up for a second and noticed that neither Wan Yu nor Erica were anywhere to be seen. With a little sigh of relief, or possibly disappointment, Megan caught herself fantasising about what they might be getting up to at this precise moment, blushing at the thought. It was very lucky indeed that Sarah couldn't read her mind; she would have been in all kinds of trouble right now!

Making their way over to a table of food, they approached the only other people in the room. A very bored looking Firenda was currently enduring a lengthy lecture from Mao regarding encryption algorithms and the role of the GCHQ, but however emphatically he spoke, his enthusiasm was obviously lost on his target audience.

With an expression that screamed 'Please save me!', Firenda smiled at the 2 girls as they neared, performing a subtle eye-roll as she did. Smiling back sweetly, Megan braved a "Hi" as they came and stood beside them.

A large selection of delicious, if not a little ostentatious, looking food was laid out before them, and in his typical fashion Mao had already helped himself and was chomping noisily as he spoke.

During a sentence that contained an inordinately large number of S's, Firenda suddenly and without warning found herself face to face with a morsel of partially chewed foie gras as it flew through the air, having been propelled from Mao's mouth a fraction of a second beforehand. With a reaction akin to that of the nimblest of ninjas, Firenda dodged the squishy bullet with ease, but then decided that was the last straw.

Before she had the chance to interject however, Megan had already sensed that Firenda was in desperate need of saving, and was coming to her rescue. "I'm so sorry to interrupt, but..."

"Oh, that's quite alright," Firenda replied hastily, not even bothering to wait for the end of the sentence. Having already turned her back on Mao, his lecture slowly petered out, although the noise of open-mouthed chewing was still clearly audible.

"Erm, will Hansom be joining us?" Megan asked, hurriedly trying to justify to Mao why she had jumped in to save his victim from a fate worse than Candy Crush Saga.

Mao, seemingly accepting that as a valid reason, huffed and took a step back, leaning against the large fireplace with his loaded plate still in hand.

“We parted ways a little while ago, but I thought he would be here by now. It’s not at all like him to be late for anything,” Firenda replied as she glanced at her watch. “Speaking of being late, has anyone seen Wan Yu?”

“Um, well …the last time I saw her, she was a bit preoccupied with something,” Megan replied quietly, blushing again. So far this weekend, her cheeks had spent more time burning red than not, or so it seemed. To add to her present embarrassment, she was forced to perform a quick curtsey and leg cross, a sudden frantic urge to pee coming from completely out of nowhere.

As comparatively little as there was inside her bladder at that moment, her muscles were completely exhausted after the intense workout they’d had over the past 24 hours. Drawing on every last drop of willpower and strength, or what little she had remaining at least, she rode the waves of the urge. Squirming wildly with a slightly pained expression on her face, it was quite obvious to anyone that cared to look what the problem was.

“Oh God… Firenda, could you tell me…” Megan said before trailing off. Glancing up at Sarah, she saw her glowering back at her. “Um, where, er … could you tell me where the, um…”

“What Megan is trying to say is that we’re a little thirsty. Do you know if they’ll be providing drinks with lunch?” Sarah asked.

Megan lowered her head in resignation. “Yes, that’s what I meant,” she confirmed, before sarcastically adding under her breath, “Not that I’m nearly weeing in my last pair of clean knickers … no, that wasn’t it at all.”

“I believe so. I’d venture a guess that either Cervin or little Erica should be bringing them out shortly. Are you sure you’ll be able to, er, wait, Megan? You look awfully, um … thirsty … I have to say.” Firenda ventured with a little smile and an inquisitively raised eyebrow.

“She can wait, thanks,” Sarah replied on Megan’s behalf.

I’m not sure that ‘she’ can wait, actually. Megan thought to herself just as a tiny little squirt of urine shot out from between her legs, oozing into her panties. She shuddered as it happened, but the desperate surge abated quickly now that it had had that little triumph. Well, there we have it. My last pair, and now they’re all wet and sticky as well.

Grabbing a plate, Megan resigned herself to her fate, and decided to make the most of the time she had between urges. She knew there would be another one before too long, but at least for now she was out of the danger zone. Helping themselves to the spoils, but choosing to avoid the foie gras after Mao’s vulgar display, both girls began to feast.

As the minutes went by, it seemed that Firenda was growing more and more worried about Hansom. She had begun pacing up and down, looking over at the door every few seconds, and muttering under her breath, “He’s never late, never…”

With the group having eaten their fill, they were about to call it time when Wan Yu entered the room, as bold and confident as ever. In the same moment, a rather flustered looking Erica scurried in through the servant’s entrance carrying a tray of drinks. She seemed to be humming gently to herself, and walking in a rather peculiar manner. With a forced smile, she placed the tray on the table and turned around without a word. As the humming grew higher in pitch, Erica let out a little gasp and picked up her pace, almost running out of the room. As the penny dropped, Sarah looked over at Wan Yu, who was discreetly fumbling with something inside her bag, a broad grin on her face.

“Don’t get any ideas,” Megan said to Sarah with a smile of her own, not really meaning it.

"Such a busy bee our little Erica is, buzzing around so," Wan Yu said, still smiling. "You know, Megan, I've just really noticed, but the two of you look enough alike that you might be mistaken for sisters. And of course, that's not all you have in common," she added, so softly so that only the two girls could hear her. She was still smiling rather inscrutably.

Megan blushed rather deeply, knowing exactly what the tall woman meant by the remark, and even Sarah was smiling slightly now that she was beginning to think of Wan Yu as more of an ally than a rival.

"And where is Mr. Swain?" Wan Yu said, effortlessly switching back into 'professional' mode now. "We can't proceed to the business at hand without him. We shall have to adjourn yet again until he turns up." Pivoting sharply on her heel, she said, "I think I'll get a little exercise. Until later, then..."

She probably never had any designs on Megan; after all, she has little Erica to play with and do with as she pleases! Sarah thought distractedly. But just in case...

"Come on, Megan, let's go check out that garage. It seems they have quite the vintage car collection here," Sarah said, taking her hand firmly once more and leading her away from Wan Yu's amused gaze.

It just so happened that Megan was secretly battling another desperate urge at that very moment, the entire contents of her tired and very tender bladder threatening to explode into the crotch of her already rather damp knickers. I peed not long ago, how can I be this desperate again already? Almost being pulled along by Sarah, she walked rather strangely, legs pressed so tightly together she was forced to take small mincing steps. To the untrained eye, it almost looked as if she was suffering from the same condition as little Erica had been.

We really should buy some more batteries for my vibrating egg, Megan mused, suddenly feeling more adventurous than she ever had before. Unbeknownst to her, Sarah was thinking the exact same thing.

As they stepped outside into the brisk Dartmoor air, a gentle breeze whipped around Megan's legs, making her underwear feel cold against her skin. She squirmed wildly until the cold was rapidly replaced by a feeling of renewed warmth as another little spurt of virtually clear wee erupted from her girlhood. Hold it girl, you gotta hold it in...

The two girls approached the open garage bay. As they looked in, they could see a cream and brown 1940 Marmon Herrington Ford sedan up on jack stands, and two blue coverall-clad legs protruding from underneath it.

Renchin was cursing a blue streak in French as he tried to unstick a frozen bolt, probably somewhere on the motor or transmission, Sarah thought. She knew that those four wheel drive conversions were notoriously tricky to service and maintain.

“Putain de ta mere, quelle saloperie, cette bagnole ! Je sais meme pas pourqoui je gache mon temps avec cette merde maintenant…” the man under the car muttered angrily to himself.

Suddenly, he noticed two pairs of high heels next to the car. He pushed his creeper out from underneath, and was greeted by the sight of two pairs of lovely legs, which went all the way up under a couple of flippy skirts, terminating in two lovely pairs of panties.

He couldn’t be entirely sure, but at least one pair seemed to be a bit moist at the moment too. Looking further up, the damp panties belonged to the taller of the two girls, the one with the reddish brown hair and lovely green eyes, Megan.

Although Megan was a bit more of a classic beauty than her companion, the other girl was no slouch in the looks department either. She had more of a gamine or tomboyish look to her, with her cropped blonde hair, piercing blue eyes, and slightly more muscular build, but she was still quite attractive, as he had already noticed when the two of them had arrived in that big Mercedes sedan yesterday.

She must work out, Renchin thought. She’s small, but I’ll bet she’s pretty strong for her size. What a pair, these two; too bad they are playing for the other team…

”Quelle dommage…” he couldn’t help muttering as he stood up, wiping his hands on a shop rag that was oily enough already that it really wasn’t going to do much in the way of getting them clean.

“What’s a shame?” Megan asked.

“There’s a stuck bolt on the transmission; I need to drain the fluid, but I’m afraid I’ll shear the ‘ead off completely if I pull on it too 'ard…

“Vous parlez francais, mademoiselle?” Renchin asked, looking directly at Megan now.

“Oui, monsieur, un petit peu; j’en suis obligeé parfois pour mon travail.” Megan replied with a charming smile.

"Ah oui, bien sur," Neverdon said, smiling back at her. "We must do what we must in our work, certainement."

There was a workbench along the back wall of the garage, with several rolling tool chests on either side of it, as well as a large air compressor. The workbench was uncluttered and well-organised, and Sarah noticed that there were framed pictures of the fully restored Coachcraft Roadster in the prime space above it, where usually a girlie calendar or poster might have taken pride of place.

On the wall to one side, there was a large case full of gleaming trophies from previous Concours D'Elegance... no First Place trophies or Best in Show ones, however, Sarah observed.

Looking at the photos of the beautiful brilliant blue Roadster that had been wrecked the day they had arrived, Sarah sighed and said, “It’s really a shame she was damaged so badly in that shunt. Do you think they’ll be able to get her fixed up again?”

Renchin laughed bitterly and said, “Zey? It is only I who ever did the work on ‘er. Three whole years I worked, not counting ze time it took to find her, and to either source ze parts, or, when none could be found, to fabricate zem.”

He shook his head sadly. “She would have taken first prize in ‘er class at the St. James Concours D’Elegance this year, maybe even Best in Show. She was a rare beauty, but I am not sure zat much can even be salvaged from her now.”

Suddenly, they heard a blood-curdling shriek, followed by a high-pitched voice screaming and babbling incoherently. The sounds were coming from the pool house.

Without hesitating, Renchin took off in that direction at a fast run, followed closely by Sarah, with Megan bringing up the rear. She was unable to move quite as rapidly as the other two due to her somewhat desperate state.

###

As they entered the pool house, there was a definite smell of barbecued pork in the air but unfortunately the only ribs in the room belonged to the blackened corpse that was still sitting upright, its feet dangling into the water, with what appeared to be the remnants of a mobile phone in its hand. There was a pair of socks next to the charred body, and those distinctive brown and cream coloured wingtip shoes beside it.

It looked as if they had found Hansom, only he wasn’t quite so handsome anymore.

Actually, all that was left to recognize him by was that set of incredibly straight white teeth, which managed to make him appear as if he was still smiling despite his grisly fate.

“I was… I was coming to take a swim… w-when I turned on the lights, there he was,” Wan Yu stammered, obviously shaken and distraught. “OMG, how horrid…”

For the moment, her hard steely demeanour had evaporated into thin air, leaving only a frightened little girl behind.

She had even wet herself, Sarah realized, probably in fear when she first saw the gruesome sight. Although Wan Yu had wrapped a towel around her waist to conceal the wet spot on her bathing suit bottom, she hadn’t had the presence of mind to do anything about the tell-tale puddle at her feet. She was obviously badly shaken up.

In a moment, Cervin, Erica and Mao Tse had shown up as well, having heard all the commotion coming from the pool house.

Mao adjusted his glasses as he bent down and examined the rather gruesome looking corpse.

"Hmmm, will you look at that? He's got a mobile phone in his hand," Mao murmured.

"It looks as if he was electrocuted by his Blackberry while trying to either make a call or sneak a text message out, maybe?"

"Can a mobile phone actually do that?" Megan asked, anxiously.

"Not normally," Mao replied, looking at it carefully without removing it from the charred hand that was still grasping it firmly. "But this one has been booby-trapped somehow, apparently. I just hope there’s enough left for me to figure out how, though."

Mao removed a pen from the protector in his shirt pocket and gingerly pried the corpse's fingers apart just enough for the remnants of the mobile to drop into his waiting hand.

"OMG, and I was about to use my tablet last night too..." Megan said. "Do you think...?" she trailed off.

Sarah turned pale at the idea that the same thing that had happened to Hansom could have possibly happened to Megan as well.

Suddenly she felt faint and she collapsed into the deck chair which luckily was right behind her. "OMG..." she repeated. She had almost wet herself with fear at the thought of how close her lover might have come to death.

"Are you alright, Madam?" Cervin enquired solicitously.

Sarah's fear was rapidly turning to anger now, and the change was quite clear on her pretty face.

"Someone's going to pay for this!" she said, balling one of her small hands into a fist and pounding it into the palm of the other.

“Looks as if we’re going to have to have the police ‘round again.” Megan muttered.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*171*2014-03-16 12:42

{{: 

Love it! I don't know who I like more, Megan or Erica...maybe it's a tie...

}}

"The answer is obvious... me !" - erica

"Actually, he likes ME better !" - Megan

"OOOOH, awesome... girl fight !" -Wan Yu

"Maybe we need a holding contest between our little subs to settle this..." - Sarah

{{: 

Apparently when the guests were told no electronic devices the hosts were deadly serious.

}}

No doubt !!!!!

*174*2014-03-21 13:28

"Aren't i enough? i'm kinda miffed..."

- erica

