Faust's Assorted Fic Thread

Author: AuthorFaust

*014*2016-07-19 01:35

Faust apologizes that he vanishes for long periods of time....But, Faust just has a lot of things going on in his life at the moment..and he's a bit distracted. However, Faust does come bearing some good news for fans.....

A new fic, that was lightly brought on by the release of that new app that Faust is sure you've heard about...Pokemon Go! And while Faust doesn't have any characters that are quite of that race..Faust does have a small little story involving said app. Remember: Always be safe if you play it, and keep track of your surroundings. And in this summer heat, stay hydrated.

Faust hopes you all enjoy!

Pokemon [Gotta] Go!

"Allllright! So, I'm sure you're all wondering what I've gathered you here for, today.." A familiar, devious voice called.

"As always, Penny." Faust quipped back, having learned how this kind of thing went. "What brings us out here, in the middle of a Park..on a Sunday? I'm not really looking for a tan.."

"Ah, don't be like that, Faust." Yuno's voice mused, sliding over to him. "Let's at least see what Penny has to offer, before griping too much."

"Thank you, Miss Gasai!" the crimson haired girl snapped back, doing an exaggerated bow towards the two...as she nudged the girl at her side. "Youmu, care to help me with the explanation?"

"A..Ah? Sis..!" the girl snapped, gently nudging her back..before moving forward. "Well..I'm sure you've all heard about that latest App that came out.."

"Ah...You mean the pokemon one?" Faust addressed, idly scratching the side of his head. "I've heard about it, but my phone.."

"Gotcha covered!" Penny quickly interjected, suddenly brandishing four sparkling new devices. "I turned em on before I caught you all...Annnd, I've done you the liberty of downloading the app."

"Ah...Isn't that kind of pricey?" Faust remarked with an uneasy glance, the girl shoving one of them into his hands.

"Shut up, and Accept my goodwill, you two." Penny stated, giving them zero leeway on the matter. "So, the idea is this: We're all going to start fresh..From the beginning. Level 1, no bonuses, none of that. And, we're going to go hunting for pokemon around this area...and whoever has the highest CP at the end of the day wins!"

"Uhh..CP?"

"Combat Points, of course." Penny quipped, waving one of the phones as the screen changed..showing a message. 'Always make sure you're aware of your surroundings while playing.' "Now, as soon as I give the signal, everybody can start!"

"And...I'm guessing this is a team effort?" Faust added, gesturing at Youmu. "Since, you've had her at your side, and Yuno at mine?"

"Ah, of course." Penny added, smirking. "Me and Youmu, versus you and Yuno. Winners get the usual prize: Bossing around the losers until midnight."

"And..our contest will end..?"

"When the sun goes down, of course." Penny stated matter-of-factly, holding up her phone. "Which, since it's about 5 or so now..Means, we got about 4 hours or so. Any questions?"

"Ummm..Yuno has one." the pinkette called, raising her hand as if it was a classroom.

"Hm? What is it, Gasai?" Penny called, making a mock gesture of pushing up her glasses.

"What's a....'Pokemon'?"

...

"WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?"

"Ahh..! Wh..why are you both surprised?" Yuno squeaked, lightly flushing.

"You mean you...You don't know.." Youmu started...

"What a...You've never PLAYED?!" Penny finished, both of them looking wide-eyed.

"Yu...Yuno hasn't. Is it...that odd?" The pinkette replied, suddenly looking very meek.

"It's not, Yuno." Faust assured, the voice of reason in the growing madness. "Your parents were just..kind of tough like that."

"Tch, no kidding." Penny muttered, before patting Faust's shoulder. "Good luck with her! Lemme know how it goes at 9! Toodles!"

"H..Hey!" the boy called back, as Penny started off in a rush...Youmu giving a small bow.

"Good luck, Faust." she called sweetly, before joining her sister...leaving him alone with the pinkette.

"Yuno's...Not that odd..is she?" the girl responded meekly, averting her eyes from Faust in a sort of shame.

"Nah...Yuno's fine." Faust assured again, patting her shoulder. "C'mon, Lemme give you a Crash course..."

The idea was simple enough. They were basically monsters with special powers....That you captured with some small ball-shaped devices, and could store in your pocket. Pocket monsters, or 'Pokemon' for short. The app they were using basically was the idea of one of the games, but in the real world, based on some GPS devices in the phones, and the like. It was a recent..somewhat buggy one..But, that was beside the point...

"Yuno sees.." the girl called, glancing over her phone as they paced around...being greeted by a figure on the screen that gave her some more info...and her first pokemon. She glanced over the three, a small lizard with fire on it's tail, a small dinosaur on all fours with a bulb on it's back....and...

"Yuno will take...the tiny turtle." She called out, Faust peering over to look at her phone.

"Ahh..Squirtle." He mused, holding out his own phone to show the lizard. "I picked Charmander myself. He's a fire type."

"Ohh..! So, would Yuno's be good against it?" the girl piped up, prompting a small chuckle from the boy.

"Yeah, but it looks like there's no battling on this..yet." Faust replied, giving a small wave. "So...I don't gotta worry about Yuno beating me up in Pokemon."

"Hehehe..Yuno can only think of one kind of beating she'd do with Faust." the girl mused in a hushed whisper, as their phones buzzed. "Oh..! Yuno sees something on the screen!"

"Ah...Pidgey." the boy called, tapping at it. "If you tap it, you should go into a battle with it..and can toss a ball at it."

"Yuno sees, Yuno sees.." the girl remarked with a small nod, starting to flick her finger on the screen. "Yuno will catch this..Pidgey, and it will become hers!"

"That's the spirit." Faust encouraged, having caught the bird with a few soft rattles....followed by a 'Ding'. "Ahh..and catching gives us experience..To level up.."

"Yuno saw that too!" the pinkette replied, starting to wander a bit away. "Oooh! Yuno found another! It looks like a purple mouse!"

"Ahhh..Ratata." Faust remarked, getting the mark on his phone. "I have a feeling we'll be seeing a lot of them.."

======

6:00 PM

"Okay! So..Yuno has caught a dozen Pidgeys, and five Ratatas!" the girl called, triumphantly. "Yuno is feeling pretty confident about her abilities!"

"Hah...Yuno's been pretty lucky." Faust added, having barely half that. "Phew..this sun is killing me.."

"Annnd, that's why I prepared!" a voice called out, as the red haired girl seemingly came out of nowhere, dropping a bottle of water into his hands. "Penelope never forgets a detail! Which, in this case.."

"Means she brought some drinks, and such for us." Youmu finished, taking a sip from a bottle of water herself. "So, how are you two doing?"

"I've got a 90 somethin Ratata." Faust remarked lightly, the pinkette moving over.

"Yuno has a 155 Pidgey!" the girl called, with a smile. "Yuno's been catching lots!"

"Ahhh, I see." Penny called, passing the girl a bottle. "Well, not to discourage you..Buuut, I just managed to pick up a 214 Pidgeotto, before catching you two."

"T..Two fourteen?" Faust remarked nervously.

"Pidge...ott..o?" Yuno replied with a headtilt, the girl spinning her phone around. "That..looks like pidgey."

"Oh, it's the second stage." Penny mused, with a chuckle. "Pidgey evolves into that. You can evolve on the screen if you get enough candy."

"Candy..?" Yuno replied, glancing back at her phone. "Yuno thought it was just..all catching."

"Well, kinda." Youmu interjected, lightly pressing her fingers together. "See, you catch pokemon to get some stardust, and candy...which you can use to power up your pokemon...And, evolve them..In some cases. You get some for catching, and transfering them to the professor."

"Didn't Faust tell you about that?" Penny replied with a small jab, the boy swatting her hand away.

"Hey, I've never played this app." Faust called defensively. "I'm used to the regular games..."

"Well, you can probably evolve your pidgey.." Penny mused, grinning. "But, by the time you get enough to bring it up to pidgeot, I'll just catch a stronger one to evolve."

"A..Ah.." Yuno stated, glancing at her phone with a small, tensed frown. "Yuno..sees. And..Yuno presumes getting more pokemon leads to finding stronger ones?"

"Yep!" The red head called, with a grin. "So, even if you amp it up now...You'll find pokemon later that are stronger than it..more than likely. So, you gotta put it off, as long as possible...Kind of like.."

"Sis, No.."

"Kind of like how you have to cross your legs and hold it as long as you can.." Penny teased, watching Faust's eyes glance to the side."So that when you finally let it all out..It'll feel Soooooooooo much better."

"Sis..." Youmu remarked, flushing and glancing to the side as well, as Yuno held her hand up again.

"Yes, Miss Gasai?"

"Where...is the bathroom around here, come to think of it?" Yuno asked, lightly tensing her legs. "J..just in case Yuno needs to.."

"Nope."

"N..Nope?"

"Nope!" Penny stated again, grinning. "There's not one around this area. You'll have to hold it in, like a big girl. Can't let anyone see you peeing out in the open, now can we?"

"Ohhh..You're evil." Yuno remarked with a stern glare, the red head chuckling again.

"Nooooo....No I'm not." the girl called, with a small glint in her eyes. "At least, not yet. Not until this contest is over... It's only three hours, then we'll head home."

"Penny, wai-"

"Toodles!" the red head called, leading her sister along as they went around again...Yuno moving over to Faust.

"Yuno wants to win this, really bad Faust." the girl stated, firmly.

"Ah..? I mean, sure, but.."

"As in, Yuno will do anything for Faust, if we win." The pinkette called, leaning in with a whisper. "Anything."

A small pat to his front...And Faust rocketed up from his spot.

"Well, let's get started then!" The boy called, looking nothing like the lounging, defeated lad he was a few moments ago. "There's gotta be a few dozen more pidgeys, or Ratatas for us to get!"

A short distance away, Penny chuckled, glancing at the small bottle she'd held in her hands.

"Are those..Diuretics?" Youmu's voice piped up, the girl pausing with a turn.

"Umm...Yes." the red head called, with a mock innocent grin. "But, I totally-haven't-used them or anything yet."

"Sis, are you cheating?!" Youmu called indignantly, the red head waving her hand.

"Ohhh, Nonono." Penny called, firmly. "I'm not cheating. I just..wanted to make sure that they could really..feel the tension in the air that this kind of thing should have."

"So, you spiked their drinks with diuretics?"

"Nooooo..No no. Not Faust's." the girl called, with an innocent whistle. "I figure having to chase around, and watch Pinky will be more than enough tension for him to worry about."

"And..You didn't spike mine....Right?"

"....."

"You're adorable when you're making that face, sis." the red head called, with a devious grin.

====

7:00 PM

"Alright! So..We've bumped up from a bunch of pidgeys and Ratatas...To now some Eevees, and bugs!" Faust stated, looking far more invigorated. "My highest is only 255, but I'm sure if I used up my candy.."

"Yuno is g..glad." the pinkette called, lightly shifting on her feet. "Yuno's..just broke 360...B..but.."

"Ah...? Yes..?" Faust called, moving back to the pinkette's side. "Are you...okay, Yuno?"

The girl shook her head lightly, bouncing in place as she stood.

"Yuno...has to pee, Faust." the girl admitted, with a blush. "Her...tinkle tank is warning her..."

Faust blushed just as deep as she did...But then moved over, and gently squeezed her shoulder.

"Yuno wants to win this, doesn't she?" the boy called, hearing the girl's soft whimpers...as she meekly nodded.

"Y..Yes..She does.." she uttered, as the boy leaned in close.

"Then..Yuno has to hold it." the boy called, tersely. "Yuno can keep it in for a little longer..right?"

The pinkette shivered at this, crossing her legs over one another...before nodding.

"Yuno...Yuno will." she panted, one hand holding up her phone. "Yuno will...Wait longer. She can wait..a bit more...to pee."

"Good." Faust stated, with a small smile. "Yuno will hold it in, until it's time."

"M...Mmmmm." the pinkette called, giving Faust a lustful smile, before starting along. "There are...lots more pokemon for us to..To catch."

"Right...Yuno."

====

7:30PM

"Y...Y..You suck, sister." Youmu's voice stammered out, bouncing on both feet, as she held herself openly. "H..how could you..take us to a park..without bathrooms....And...And SPIKE my drink?!"

"Well, I thought it'd be fun." Penny mused, with a grin. "And..there were bathrooms here. I just..had them taken care of."

There was a small bound of rubble where they had been...looking like something had crushed them. A Favor the Red head called in, turning back with a grin.

"You really suck, sister." the girl called, glancing around. "N..now what am I supposed to do?! I could barely hold it through to begin with.."

"Well, you could just pee right here." the red haired girl called, with a grin. "I'm sure we're far out enough that.."

A small bit of rustling from her clothes could be heard, Youmu starting to squat down.

"Only one or two girls from our school would see you."

"A..Ah?!" Youmu squeaked, starting to pull her panties back up, and tumbling back onto her rump. A small thump...and a soft psssssssh could be heard.

"Ahahaha..I'm just messing with ya, Sis." Penny mused, turning around to see the silverette in a growing puddle in the grass. "Ohhh...Whoopsies. It happened again."

"You REALLY suck, sister." Youmu snapped with a bright flush, starting to sag a bit as she continued to empty her waters, too far gone to stop...and more than a little cross at her sister's antics.

"Ahahaha..I didn't think you'd actually fall for it again." Penny mused, pulling out a bag. "Don't worry, I made sure to pack extra clothes at least. Just in case."

"Hmmpth...Doesn't make up for it." Youmu snapped back, taking the bag and looking for a secluded spot. "I hope they beat us."

"Heheheh. Sure, sure sister. Keep saying that."

====

8:00PM

"F..Faust..." the pinkette whimpered, her pace grinding to a halt. "Yuno...Yuno can't...She can't hold it any more....She has to.."

"Hm? Pee?" Faust uttered, watching the girl positively writhe at the word. "But we've only got an hour left. Surely, Yuno can.."

"Yuno CAN'T!" the girl cried out, stamping a foot down. "Yuno's...Yuno's at her limit....Yuno's gonna....Gonna.."

"Yuno.." Faust's voice called, prompting the girl to look up...As he pressed her against a tree. "Calm. Down."

Yuno's face went bright red, her body trembling..and quivering..as the boy held her there...Moments passing slowly.....Her legs crossing in pure agony.

"F...Fauuuuust.." she whimpered, as he pressed her against it more...Her bladder pulsing...throbbing dully under her waistband...demanding release.

"Hold. It." Faust replied tersely, his fingers gently running over her. "You can keep it together...Just a little longer...."

"Y..Y..yes..." Yuno stammered, now panting softly as her hand moved to press at herself..Faust gently pushing it aside.

"Catch one more.." the boy commanded, sternly. "Catch one more pokemon...And then, you're allowed to pee. Understood, Yuno?"

"Y..Yes Faust..." she answered, the boy letting her go. "Yuno...Yuno will hold it...Long enough to catch...Catch one more pokemon.."

"Good." Faust remarked, backing up. "Just one more...and you can pee. Then, we'll go meet up with Penny and Youmu to figure out who won."

"Y...Yes.." the girl uttered, still panting softly as her hand moved back to her skirt...squeezing, and rubbing softly. "Just...Just one more pokemon..and...and Yuno will..Yuno can.."

Faust smirked lightly as the girl hobbled around..One hand buried in her skirt, and one holding up her phone. She had wanted him to be sterner with her since finding out about his..tastes, but he didn't expect her to be as..receptive as she was. He could see her hips quivering, her rump swaying from side to side...and her pace shortening every so many feet. He took a small, calming breath, before moving up next to the girl.

"Find anything?" He called with a slight smirk, the girl shaking her head.

"N..No.." She called, quietly. "Yuno..Yuno's been walking around..B...but..she can't.."

"She can't find anything?" Faust remarked, the girl squeezing her legs together tightly.

"Yuno's....Yuno has to pee so bad, she can't focus!" the girl quickly stammered, looking up at him with pleading eyes. "Please, Faust. Please let Yuno pee, and then.."

"No." Faust responded coldly, folding his arms. "I said one more pokemon...and I meant it. You will hold out for one more, or else."

The girl flinched at this, squeezing herself tighter...as her breathing picked up.

"B..But I..but I.." she whimpered, prompting the boy to bring his hand down on her rump, lightly smacking it.

"No buts." Faust called, watching the girl blush deeply...And nod firmly. "You'll do as said...Or you'll be punished. Understood?"

"Y..Yes Faust.." the girl uttered again, her other hand lightly raising to her mouth to bite on a finger. The girl panted through her nose, feeling her bladder positively PULSE in agony...but kept walking...staggered, short steps ekeing their way around the park. Every which way they went, there were more pokemon..

But every time, Yuno's quivering hand made aiming the ball impossible...always veering one way or another. She kept flicking it as best she could...legs crossing over one another, and hands grips growing tighter and tighter..as her body rapidly approached it's limit.

"Come on.." Faust called sternly, gripping the girl's arm. "We've got to get back to the meeting place. It's time soon.."

"B..But Yuno hasn't.." the pinkette called, Quivering in the boy's grip.

"You'll have to hold it, then." Faust added, prompting a loud, needy whine from the girl. "And hope that either we won..Or, that Penny lets you go."

They had spent a long time there, but the contest was near it's end...And, though Faust was enjoying the show...

He hadn't had a lot of luck with the pokemon. A small sigh could be heard from the boy as they paced back....and awaited their fate.

====

8:55PM

"Soooooo! It's just about that time!" Penny's voice called out with a grin, watching as the pinkette and green haired boy approached...Grinning as she saw the former writhing in untold agony. "I hope that you both brought some impeeressive pokemon for me!"

Yuno shook wildly at the term, biting her lip and panting...Rubbing between her skirt between squeezes in raw desperation.

"We did what we could." Faust called, starting to hand his phone over. "So...I take it we're starting the judging?"

"Sure, whatever." Penny mused, picking up the phone. "Ahhh...a 312. Faust, you're really falling behind. I hope you weren't..distracted."

"Sh..shut up." Faust called with an averted gaze.

"Now, I'll show mine..." Penny mused, with a flip of her phone. "A 515 Pidgeot! Not the best one, but far better than.."

"A..Ah..! Yu..Yuno got one!" Yuno's voice called, still trembling wildly as she turned her phone to Faust. "C.Can..Can Yuno go pee now, Faust? Yuno's going to burst..!"

"Ah Ah Ah.." Penny tut-tutted, grinning. "Not until you surrender your phone..with your highest Combat Point Poke."

"A..Ah..Yuno S..Se.." the pinkette called, starting to hand it, before flinching. "E..Erm...C..can Yuno..Real quick.."

"No potty breaks, Gasai." Penny stated firmly. "Not until the phone is.."

"Ah..N..no.." the girl called, her legs crossing over. "Yuno wants to...do something with her pokemon..re..real quick.."

"Eh? Ah..sure." Penny mused. "Sis, whatchew got?"

"Erm...It's not much." Youmu called, before spinning her phone around...A praying mantis, whose forelegs were shaped like swords. "This Scyther. It's a 438."

"Nice, nice." Penny mused, grinning. "Still better than Faust's. Now Miss Gasai If you....Er, speaking of..what are you.."

"Yu..Yuno is...Evolving her pokemon.." the girl called, as she bent over with one hand buried under her skirt. "B..before she...She.."

Faust had to fight hard to not look at the exposed garments under her skirt....Glancing at the phone instead as a small brown mammal was engulfed in a shroud of light....shifting into a blue-skinned version...with a mermaid's tail, and a blue color.

"Ah...Ooooh.." Faust called, lightly. "A Vaporeon...and it's stats.."

"A..ah..?" Yuno winced, as Penny took the phone from her shaking hands....Now moving to squeeze at herself.

"No freakin' way.." the red head called incredulously...Looking it over. "You...It's.."

"650...." the silver haired girl called over her shoulder, adopting a small grin. "Looks like...We lose, sis."

"Noooooooooooo!!!" the red haired huntress exclaimed. "But..I..How..?!"

"Yu..Yuno..Yuno.." the girl whimpered, squeezing her eyes shut. "Yuno..found an Eevee...right next to you. And...catching it gave her enough candy to....To.."

"You cheeky.." the red haired girl started, before sighing. "Well, a loss is a loss. Yuno, you can go pee, and then we'll.."

'Splish...'

"A..Ah..? Yuno..?"

"Y..Yuno..Yuno's.." the pinkette's voice started, barely above a whisper...a small puddle forming between her legs. "Yuno's...pe...Pee...Pee.."

Faust couldn't tear his eyes away this time, as white material suddenly began to grey...Rivulets of Yuno's personal waters starting to sputter....splash....and then, Guuuuuuuuuuuuuuush down her legs in a hurried rush..starting to cascade down her inner thighs in a raging torrent. Faust's face went bright red as the girl's held waters finally hit the point of no return, having lasted for an admirable amount of time....But, finally hitting the endgame.

The white material nearly turned transparent to show her creamy skin beneath her garments, as the small waterfall continued to coast down her legs...Yuno barely able to muster as much as a whimper as it all spilled out...Victorious...But also...

"Yuno...Ohhhnn..Yuno's..." the girl whimpered, panting as she started to lean back. "Ohhhnnn..Yuno's...all wet now...But.."

"We won.." Faust called, assuring the girl as he held her..The girl giving him a coy, vulgar grin.

"Yes...We did." she mused, leaning up to kiss along his jawline...Before glancing up.

"So...That means Yuno gets to decide what we do with you." the pinkette mused, with a grin.

"If I may interject.." The crimson haired huntress called, with a coy grin. "Faust clearly didn't try at all...And, as the one with the highest total...we could make it so that only you win...And you get to boss us around."

"Ah..?"

"Yuno...sees." the pinkette mused, suddenly flashing a much more sinister, vulgar grin.

"And...Faust did make you hold it until you peed yourself, Gasai." Penny called, with a grin. "Yuno could..want revenge on him for that."

"Erm, but didn't you.."

"Silence, sister.." Penny called quickly, gesturing. "So...Yuno can decide...So long as there are no objections."

"Ah..But I.." Faust started, as the pinkette mashed her soaked rump into the boy, grinning.

"Yuno thinks that's a wonderful idea." she interrupted, bumping into Faust again and again. "Yuno just need to decide..what to do.."

"B..but I.."

"No butts, Faust." the pinkette mused, bumping into him again with a vulgar, devious grin. "Yuno decides what happens now."

===

Pokemon [Gotta] Go: End

Author's Note: Ah, Hello! Thank you for reading Faust's fic! As a small aside, Faust was just wondering if people would be curious on going through with the ending part...

More specifically, If people would want to see Yuno bossing around the others, for winning the contest. If so, Faust would like to see what kind of things that people would be interested in seeing Yuno do, with complete command of Faust, Youmu, and Penny. Whether it be something tame, something simple...or something..naughty.

Faust is open to ideas, and thanks again for Reading Faust's fics!

*023*2016-12-01 08:19

[Faust apologizes for being a bit distracted with other things...mostly his interactive. Though, he had a surge of inspiration..a small touch of energy...and, since he has this thread...Well..]

[This story is in a similar setting to Shin Megami Tensei IV, but there are more than a few changes......]

[AuthorNote: This story is more story, and less lewdity than normal]

[Faust's Mikado Adventures...?]

"Hey..."

"Nnnngh.."

"C'mon man...Any other day you wanna sleep in is fine...But not today."

"Mmmgh.."

"Seriously! I Will leave you behind if you don't get up."

"Nnn.....Alright...Alright..I'm up. I'm up. Don't leave me here."

It was quite a sight, really. Two males had been laying side by side amidst the mid-summers day, passing a pristine lake...and looking onto a beautiful, if somewhat crowded city...With a massive castle in the center of it all. One of them with a large, if bushy brown ponytail...And the other, long loose hair of emerald....Both wearing rather...ragged, brown clothes.

"The Eastern Kingdom of Mikado... Looks pretty amazing, doesn't it Faust?"

The green haired boy didn't say anything, lightly nodding at his brown haired friend as they paced. He had never seen a place so....impressive. People wandered to and fro...Chatter, and the smells of fresh baked food filled the air....And, as Faust glanced around...his eyes rested on his friend once more.

"Hard to believe it's finally time, yeah? Time for the Gauntlet Rite." the other man called, grinning. "From our small little village, all the way to here... And when we're chosen as Samurai, we'll get to live here. Isn't that amazing, Faust?"

"Issachar, I know that we've been training for a long time, but maybe dial back the enthusiasm?" his friend called...having a somber look. "I mean, what if we don't become Samurai? Then we'll spend the rest of our lives on the farm plowing fields, and harvesting crops."

"Ahahaha. Not that you'd know anything about plowing any fields, yeah?" his fri"end replied, nudging him. "I see you making eyes at the bakery girl. You know that Samurai are lady-killers right?"

"Well, if I have to kill women, I don't think I want that job.."

"Smartass." Issachar replied, gesturing. "Anyways...it should be at the center of town, right? I mean where else are they going to..."

Whumpf....

Issachar had bumped into a taller figure at this, a rather marvelous looking woman of black hair, with garments of flowing purple....And an almost otherworldly shimmer to her.

"Oh, I'm sorry Mi.."

"Hmmpth. You should watch where you're going, Casualry." the woman sneered at the two, raising her nose and pacing in the opposite direction of the two.

There was a sizable pause....as Faust scoffed.

"Nice to know the Luxxors attitude was not exaggerated." he quipped quietly....as his friend patted him on the shoulder.

"Don't worry. Once we're Samurai, we'll be considered on the level of them....finally."

"Tch....Title or not, people aren't going to change.." Faust snapped back, as the two wandered the area...Looking, wandering...pacing throughout the kingdom.

Streetside peddlers, tanners, and children littered the streets as the two paced along....Looking around for something....

"You'd think they'd hold the Rite somewhere that'd be easy to find.." Issachar stated quietly, as Faust sighed.

"We're lost. We always get lost." Faust deadpanned. "We're lost, and we're never going to find it.."

"Um...are you two here for the Gauntlet Rite?"

The two turned at this to see an unfamiliar woman, donned in fine garments of blue...A pristine white dress went down over her knees, and a blade rested at her side. Magenta eyes held a sort of calming air about them, as the two looked...Pink hair dangled down in a pair of small twintails, fastened by some small bands of elastic.

"Yeah, but we have no idea where it's being held." Issachar responded quickly, giving a small grin. "Are you a Samurai? Do you know the way?"

"Yes, I am." she called, giving the two a practiced, proper bow. "My name is Yuno. I was chosen for the Rite recently myself......Did you two come from far?"

"Ah, it's about a two day trip. One, if we really move." Issachar responded, nudging Faust. "If this lazy bum wasn't holding me back, I'd have probably been there by now. Isn't that right, Faust?"

"H..Hey, don't call me lazy..." Faust responded back, a touch of pink coming to his face....As the girl chuckled.

"Eheheh. It's nice to know that we have such colorful characters performing the rite." she responded, gesturing. "C'mon, I'll show you two the way."

"Th..that's appreciated.." the green haired boy added, as Issachar nudged him...The two letting the girl take the lead in front of him.

"She's pretty, isn't she?" Issachar mused under his breath to the boy, who's mouth refused to part, as the boy grinned. "You know, if we become Samurai, that means we'll be working alongside her. I'm sure that comes with a few perks, if you know what I mean.."

Faust had never wanted to be a Samurai more in his life....But, he kept silent the whole way, enduring Issachar's prodding and teasing...as the girl gestured towards a sizable crowd.

"Here we are. Just join the crowd over there, and they'll get you all set up." the pinkette called, with a smile. "Just give it your best, and hope for the best."

"We will." Issachar called, waving. "When you see us again, we'll all be Samurai!"

The girl responded with a mere chuckle, and started off at this...Pacing a bit aways. Faust glanced back at Issachar, and then at the crowd.

"Are there really this many people applying to become a Samurai?" he inquired incredulously, as the boy nodded.

"Well, if you ever listened.... You'd know that everyone has to apply once they've become the proper age. And, even with this many people, I'd be shocked to see if more than a handful became Samurai."

Issachar was not wrong....The crowd was thinning out at a sizable rate, people walking off in a rapid pace. Some looked relieved, some looked distressed....and some looked as if they were never expecting to be a part in the first place. A few times, the line stalled....And, as the crowd started to peter out....Soon enough...

"Next Applicant, come forth!" an unfamiliar man's voice called towards the two, as Faust nodded.

"Aha..Samurai Life, here I come." Issachar called, giving a small smile, and gesturing back at Faust. "Wish me luck!"

"Yeah, break a Leg.." Faust called with a small wave....Before a sudden agonizing pain wracked his mind, kneeling over.

"S....o...M..e....O...n....e... a...N...y...O...N..e..."

"W..what..?" Faust cringed, wincing and gritting his teeth....the air around him feeling cold and....sinister......It was enough of a distraction that he didn't hear the cheers of the joy...The calls of praise, and the cries of 'I knew it!' from his friend. No...something around there was....wrong.

"Next Candidate, come forth!" the man's voice called out after a bit...Faust being forced ahead by someone, as another figure that looked like a Priest leered at him. "You may have plenty of time, but I am a busy man....So, present to me your left arm...Now."

Faust didn't have a choice, the priest pulling out a strange, silver glove...and affixed it to his hand. A small screen opened up, and the man said a prayer......looking down at Faust.

"Now...touch the gauntlet, child....And let us see if you are one of the chosen.."

...

Faust took a deep breath, and raised his other hand....lowering it to press a finger to the screen....

Beep.

.....

......

A silence filled the air...As the group waited, and watched...But, nothing happened. The Priest gave a disappointed scowl, and shook his head...Moving to grip the Gauntlet again.

"Another failure. Nex-"

RrrrrrruuUuuuuuuMmmmmbbblllLLlleeeE..

The very world shook at this, something jarring the area....shaking it to it's very core.

"W...what is this? Do the Gods themselves wish to punish this one for his misdee..."

The man didn't have his chance to finish at this, as an ear-piercing scream seemed to fill the air....coming from a familiar tone....

"Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllp!"

"That's...!" the green haired boy started to himself, before suddenly darting off, gauntlet and all still affixed to his arm.

"H..hey, Faust!" Issachar called, chasing down his friend as he darted off....wondering just why he moved so suddenly...

"H..Hey!! You aren't allowed in here!"

People flung words at the two as they charged into the unfamiliar area....Faust's pace unrelenting as he charged through the area.

"Faust, what's going on? We shouldn't be in here! Not until the ceremony is over...!"

"I don't care. I heard her...." the boy called, looking up. Something was tugging at him....pulling him towards something. He couldn't explain it, but....

He wandered through the halls expertly, as if they were as familiar to him as his own homelands. A left...a right....A charge...and then....

...

"Is...this a cave?" Issachar called as they finally stopped for a bit, panting as he looked at the area. "I wonder what's insi-"

Almost immediately, a figure clad in armor started out of it, an Empty sword sheath affixed to his side as he collapsed.

"A..Ahhhh! It's gonna kill us! Run! Run for your lives!" the man shrieked out, starting to crawl away from the two as Issachar moved over.

"What are you talking about? What's going to kill us?" the boy asked, the man looking up.

"What do you think it is?! A Demon of course! I've never seen one like that in Naraku before!"

"A demon?!" Issachar called, before glancing up at his friend. "Look, I don't know what you're talking about, but you're safe. We'll be fine, right Fa..."

The boy didn't even have a chance to look up at his friend...watching as the boy descended into the cave.

"H..Hey, Faust! Don't go rushing in like that...!"

A call not heard, as the emerald haired boy paced through the cavern....Finding a surprisingly sculpted set of stairs leading down, followed by several signs, and prominently man-made structures amidst the cavern. It seemed the area had been readily explored before....But, he couldn't worry about that now. Not when she was in danger. He came up to a set of doors at this, sensing an overwhelming surge of energy beyond it....But he couldn't stop here...

He placed his hands on the door, and pushed them open....To a horrifying sight.

Several bodies were laid out, arms splayed...blood splattered across their shoulders....blades and tools looked discarded, as the boy followed the trail...leading up to the last, remaining group of people.

"Apprentice Yuno, stand back! This demon is much too dangerous for you!"

"B..But I...!" the pinkette called, as Faust saw a wave of energy explode out..knocking the group aside with a few sickening thuds....Along with the girl landing against the wall. Faust cringed, and gripped his fist....wishing that he had grasped a weapon on his way there....Or something to defend himself...as his eyes squeezed shut.

"A demon...A demon..A demon...' he told himself, biting his lip. 'I'm about to come face-to-face with a demon...I need to be strong..'

"A..Ahhh..Ahhhhh...!!!" the pinkette's voice cried out, as Faust heard the clatter of metal. She had likely dropped her blade....and if he didn't do something....

"Ohhhhh...You humans are all the same...."

Faust took a deep breath, and opened his eyes...charging over in front of the pinkette, and throwing his hands out.

"I won't.....Let you.." he started quietly, before finally getting a look at the demon....and pausing.

Where he had expected something large, monstrous, fanged, winged, or even scaled.....He was shocked to see instead a petite looking girl with long blonde hair..and golden eyes. She wore a pretty blue dress, and a white ribbon was affixed to her hair...

"Hmmm? Do you know how many times I've heard that?"

"You're....a demon?" the boy called incredulously, looking the girl over. She barely looked older than some of the kids he had to look after in the old schoolhouses...And yet....

"Oh? Is this your first time..?" the blonde called, with a smirk. "That's rather unfortunate....For you, of course. As a demon, I'll have you know that most of your exterminators have already fall-"

Faust paused, but relaxed his stance...Shaking his head.

"You look like a young girl...." he added, quietly. "I couldn't see myself fighting you.."

"Oh?" the girl called, raising an eyebrow. "Even if I were to do.."

The small blonde girl gripped one of the fallen Samurai's blades, and flung it at Faust. It took the boy a few moments to realize that she hadn't merely raised it....but had instead thrown it into the cavern walls....Between him, and the fretting pinkette.

"This..?" she mused, with a small giggle. The air between the group went silent for a few moments, before a single sound started to fill the air...

Psssh...pssshhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"It seems your friend is rightly afraid." the blonde girl mused, gesturing for Faust to look behind himself. What had been pure white garments, were now marred with a growing, flowing grey patch across the girl's dress....A growing puddle forming under the girl. His eyes strayed a bit towards her skirt, before turning back to the blonde.

"That wasn't very nice." he called flatly to the girl, who let out a small giggle, and twirled around at this, giving a small curtsy as she gripped the edge of her dress.

"Well, what are you going to do? Fight me? Of course if you do..." the girl mused, an almost cat-like grin appearing on her face...As the boy paced over towards her...and put a hand on her shoulder.

"Apologize." he called to the blonde girl sternly...looking down at her. The blonde looked up at him...and then firmly gripped his arm.

"Why should I?" she called, quietly wresting his hand from her shoulder. "It's not like you're going to.."

SMACK

The green haired boy's Gauntlet-clad hand came down on the blonde girl's backside....And there was a sudden sort of realization in her eyes.

"Awah...?"

Faust knelt a bit, and pushed the girl over his knee, smacking the girl's bottom repeatedly with his Gauntlet-clad hand, the girl-demon letting out several cries of shock and dismay as his hand came down on her bottom again..and again...and again.

"Now...are you willing to apologize now?" he asked the demoness after a bit....The girl's eyes suddenly watering.....As she started to out and out bawl.

"Awaaaahhhhh....!!!! You...You...You...!" she started, her hands balling up into fists...and then thudding gently onto the boy's chest. "Awawawawa....You...You...."

Faust was more than a bit shocked that the girl's strength, previously monstrous...seemed to have dwindled after the admittedly standard punishment he had given her.

"You're...You weren't scared....and..and I tried so hard...and......"

If Faust hadn't been convinced she was a demon before...he certainly wasn't going to be thinking so now, as she gripped him firmly....sniffling into his shirt.

"Ah.....I see that someone has placated the wandering demon.."

Another unfamiliar voice...This one belonging to an older man....Someone with greying hair, weathered-looking skin....and a serious face. Beside him stood the brown haired comrade of Faust, who peered over.

"Ah..! Faust..!" Issachar called, looking over. "And..Yuno..? You're here too..?"

Faust felt the blonde demon's hands grasping around him tighter, almost hiding behind him as the older man shook his head.

"So, it was an Alice that was causing all of that terror..." the man called, letting out a small sigh. "No wonder we were losing so many...."

"Ummm...we haven't met, have we..?" he asked the man, who looked back at him with stern eyes...filled with ages of wisdom.

"No...we haven't." the man called, looking him over with a stern glare. "My name is Hope.....I'm the one in charge of Samurai around here. That demon behind you, is Alice. She's a powerful demon, sure....But it's her horrid reputation that allows her to harness her incredible power. Most all warriors falter before her power, but it seems you were...different."

The blonde demoness continued to cling to Faust's side, as the boy looked up.

"So.....Since I didn't know about her reputation...She wasn't as dangerous to me..?"

"Maybe.....But we can't be sure." Hope called, before shaking his head. "What interests me, is how you found your way here to Naraku, without being an official Samurai. Your clothes aren't from around here...are they?"

"N..No sir! We came for the Gauntlet Rite, but then Faust ran off, and.."

There was another sizable pause...as the man moved over, and gestured at Faust.

"Young Man...May I see your Gauntlet?" he called, gesturing downward. Faust flinched a bit, but then held up the gauntlet clad hand....His eyes widening in surprise. What had been a dulled, empty screen...

Now glowed with life, looking as if it had been charged by something.

"It seems you have the making of a Samurai yourself, young man." Hope called, letting the boy's hands fall to his sides. "I'll thank you for stopping the demon threat. We'll discuss things more later, but for now...I think we should escort any of the wounded or injured out of here. There are likely more demons around than just Alice, after all.."

"O..Oh...R..right." the boy called, starting to head out...as a hand gripped his sleeve.

"Please..don't leave me.." the demoness's voice cracked....looking up at him with a sad, lonely gaze. Faust visibly froze at this...as Hope seemed to raise an eyebrow.

"She wants to join you..?" the man called, before lightly closing his eyes. "The presence of demons outside of Naraku would cause a mass panic...."

"W..well, I can't really leave her here.." Faust called back, as the older man smiled..and shook his head.

"I'll see what I can do." Hope replied quietly, before gesturing. "But for now, we should get everyone out of here."

"R..right. Yuno, can you stand?" Faust called, holding a hand out to the pinkette. She gently took the boy's hand....nervously gazing behind him at the blonde girl....then started to charge off without the others.

"What's...with her?" Faust asked quietly, as Issachar lightly shook his head.

"You're hopeless, Faust." Issachar responded, as the group slowly searched the bodies for survivors...A few of them merely having been unconscious rather than dead.. But more than a few bodies to be carried back.

"If we leave a body here in Naraku, it'll become demon food." Hope explained, quietly. "The least we can do for those that have past is allow them to be buried in their home..."

The blonde demoness kept her grip firm on the boy's ragged clothes...eyes gazing downward as they paced up through the stairs of the cave again. It felt like a much longer trip back up than it had going down....but...

"Young man...I think it's best if you take a room in the western most halls tonight. This will give us enough time to tell everyone how the situation unfolded....and for you to...contain your demonic companion."

"Ah...Okay.." Faust called quietly, Issachar bowing a bit, and gesturing.

"I'm going to go with Hope. I'll make sure everyone knows that you were the Hero today!" the boy's friend called....as Faust nodded.

"Thank you, Issachar.." Faust called, watching the boy scamper off at this a bit faster than he usually paced.

Tug Tug...

Faust glanced down at this, the blonde demoness looking up at him with the same, doe eyes that she gave to him before.

"Yes, Alice?" the boy called, as the girl's hands suddenly lowered to her dress.

"I....I have to pee..."

[To be continued...?]
