A fictional story set on holiday.

Author: RagingPython 

*000*2019-04-16 04:01

So this is an idea I had a while ago, and after some thought I’ve decided it could make a good story. While it is mostly fictional, it does adapt some real life people, locations, and events, but not to the extent where I could say it is based off of one. Also, sorry for not posting, I keep forgotting. A bunch of stuff has happened irl, including the breaking of both my monitor, my desk, my chair, and my leg. (Well actually I suspect it’s just dislocated, but my dad thinks it’s broken. I refuse to go to A&E after last time however, so I’ll be having my Nan who’s a doctor have a look at it before I decide if it’s worth going to the doctors over.) 

Intro 

I looked up at my friend, Karen, feeling a combination of terror, panic and anger. 

My carefully laid plans were collapsing around me. 

I’d been planning this holiday for ages, and as always, I’ve done considerable research and knew exactly what I thought we’d be doing: My family own a share in a villa, and I’d got permission from them for my friend to join us this year. I don’t always go with my family these days, but I’d decided to this time, and I thought it might be nice to bring a friend along for once. Strangely enough, they had accepted, despite them usually being very overprotective of me and not liking me interacting with people they don’t closely know, but maybe this was because they missed having me round for the holidays. 

I’d worked out that me and Karen could take an early flight, and then my family could come out later. I personally like early flights for whatever reason, but my family hate getting up early, and would rather fly in the afternoon. I didn’t mind however as I thought it’d give me and Karen a chance to have lunch while we waited and I could show her round some of the places near the airport. I’d even planned for a couple of hours of delay, as airports have ruined more of my plans than anything else by delaying flights. 

BUT OF COURSE THE AIRLINE HAD TO THROW A SPANNER IN THE WORKS 

The airline cancelled my family’s flight. The one thing I hadn’t planned for. Of course. And to add insult to injury, they wouldn’t own up immediately either; me and Karen waited in Faro airport for a good 4 hours before we recieved a text from my mum saying they’d just been told their flight wasn’t just delayed, it was cancelled. And worse than that, the flights for the rest of the week were fully booked. 

“This is the problem with flying in August!” I thought to myself, wishing my mum didn’t insist on traveling in the height of summer... 

End of Intro 

*001*2019-04-16 04:32

Chapter 1 

Karen, sensing something was wrong from my face, asked me what had happened. I was forced to tell her about my parents being stuck back in England. 

”Hey, that’s fine! Now I guess it’s just the two of us!” She said, in her usual optimistic fashion. I’m naturally very pessimistic, so her ability to be happy in completely terrible situations astounds me. 

”Y-yeah... I guess... But that’s our accommodation and transport through the Algarve gone!” I reply, trying to show her the importance of the situation. 

”You’re right, but I’m sure you can think of something, Rosalynne!” 

”Well maybe, but I don’t know what we are going to do for now! It’s already 8 in the evening, and I have no hotels or anything booked.” 

Karen looked a little worried after hearing that, but kept a smile on her face. 

”Come on, we can’t just give up! I’m sure you can find us somewhere.” 

I went looking for a place for us to stay on my phone, and after some effort found a couple who were willing to rent out their spare room for the night. It wasn’t a hotel or anything, just a couple who wanted to rent but as they had no tenants had converted to doing holiday accommodation during the summer, which is basically exactly what we needed as it was reasonably priced. 

”Alright! I found somewhere Karen! I actually found somewhere!”, I said to her, a happy smile on my face for the first time since we arrived in Faro hours earlier. 

“Oh? Where?” 

”Just in a town near here, I’ll go book a cab. Can you go and buy me a cup of tea in the café?” 

Karen was shaking, with what I assume was excitement, but set off to get me my drink. 

............... 

A few minutes later, we were both waiting outside the airport as the cab drew up outside. Despite the time, it wasn’t cold in Portugal like it would be back home, and we could happily wait outside, even though Karen was only wearing a skirt. I, of course, wore trousers as I consider skirts a silly concept that leaves your privacy compromised, although I do wear them sometimes. 

We boarded the taxi and set off for the house we’d booked, and within 20 minutes we were there. Karen was anxious to get in, and to be honest I couldn’t blame her. I was panicking massively, trying to reconsile what remained of my plans, and I really wanted to be able to lie down inside a nice building and not have to worry about what we were going to do for the rest of my holiday. 

The couple who owned the place were nice, and luckily for us were actually Americans living out there. This mean that despite the speaking their strange alien version of English we still could manage to communicate. We were lead to our rooms, and both me and Karen breathed a sigh of relief at actually being able to stay somewhere tonight. It wouldn’t be the first time I’d been stuck sleeping in an airport overnight. 

I lied down on the bed, feeling the cold covers beneath me. Karen was standing up next to the bed, so I pulled her down onto it with me, much to her surprise. 

”Isn’t this great, Karen? I got us something nice to stay, and as you said, ‘it’s just the two of us!’” 

”U-umm... yeah! I-it is! N-nice job, Rosalynne.” 

She seemed uneasy about something, but I put my arms around her regardless and relaxed onto the bed. I just happy that despite the setbacks I was still in Portugal and if I could play my cards right, I’d still have a whole holiday with Karen. 

Maybe I’d even find the right time to finally tell her... 

End of Chapter 1 

*003*2019-04-16 04:41
{{ Just now, Melificentfan said: 
This is fantastic so far 
}}

Thank you! 

*006*2019-04-16 15:10
{{ 3 hours ago, Flower said: 
Why would they not have acomodation though? If just the flights were cancelled surely the house and transfers and that would still be booked for the family even though they can't get there. I'm confused? 
}}

Sorry, I didn’t explain very well. The accommodation was a villa quite far away from the airport, which was still booked, but as my family where the ones who had booked a hire car and were going to drive to the villa, them getting stuck in England left me and Karen stuck at the airport, unable to get there. A cab would be too expensive, and there’s no public transport infrastructure where the villa is. So the accommodation was still booked, but it couldn’t be reached without transport, which was also lost. And my parents had the key to villa too, but there is supposed to be a spare key, so that might not matter. 

*007*2019-04-16 16:19

Chapter 2: 

Smiling, I laid back and thought about how exiting this was. While I was very panicked before, it was nice to know I’d have tonight to think about what to do. “Maybe Karen was right... this could be nice with just the two of us.” I thought, and clung to her. 

I noticed she was really fidgety. My mind immediately jumped to the possibility that she needed the bathroom, but I stopped myself from getting too exited as I didn’t want her to realise I was into it, and didn’t want to get my hopes up. 

I sat up, and drank the tea I’d got at the airport and started to unpack some basic stuff, like some teabags and our clothes for the morning. 

”Hey, Karen, do you want a cup of tea? I’m making myself another one.” 

”N-no... I-I don’t...” 

I tried to distract myself from her, unable to think of another explaination for her movements and shaking voice. Nevertheless, I finished making my tea, took my mug, and placed it on my bedside table and lied down next to my friend. I always make sure to bring mugs and tea with me everywhere after my last visit to America. (That was a fun trip, I nearly got deported within half an hour of landing and then nearly got shot later the same day, before nearly getting stabbed by a homeless person. What a country, man.) 

”Karen, are you all right? Your face is red, and you’re really shaking.” I ask her, craning my neck to see her face despite the way she was facing the wall; away from me. 

”It’s n-n-nothing...” 

”No it’s not. There’s something wrong, I can tell. I know you well enough to know when you aren’t telling me something. If you’re worried about what we are going to do this holday, then don’t worry, it’ll be okay. I’m coming up with a new plan already.” I say to her, trying my best to smile sweetly. 

Karen doesn’t reply, but tries to hide her face, squirming around next to me. 

I moved in closer and put my arms around her as a comfort. 

“You can tell me what’s wrong, Karen.” 

”I-I really need th-the bathroom...” 

”Oh, well that’s fine, isn’t it? Come on, up you get, I’ll find it and show you where it is.” 

”O-okay... p-please hurry...” 

I was really glad she actually said what was wrong, I don’t think I could’ve told her what I thought was wrong. I knew she had to go from her behaviour, but I couldn’t actually say it out loud as I’d panic that she’d figure it out. 

I got up and left our room, and after a minute I found it outside on the landing. 

Returning to Karen, I said: “It’s alright, I’ve found it. Follow me.” 

”Th-thank you...” she said, taking my hand with one and holding herself with the other. 

I took her the bathroom and waited outside the door, trying not to listen. A little later she came out and we went back to our room. 

”I’m surprised you didn’t just tell me you had to go back at the airport, or when we arrived. I could tell you were uncomfortable, but you wouldn’t say why.” 

‘Y-you know I get really embarrassed by that kind of stuff though...” 

”Yeah, I guess. Anyway, we should go to bed.” 

After we were back in our room, we got changed into our pyjamas and both climbed into the bed. It was a double, but we didn’t mind. It wasn’t the first time we’d had to share a bed like that. 

My original plan was to lie with Karen for a bit until she was asleep, but then wake up and spend a while getting everything we’d need for tomorrow unpacked, and then try to work out what we should do, as while the villa was still available it was hundreds of miles away and my family had the car, but... it was just so warm and comfortable lying there, next to a beautiful girl, I’m sure you can image how I let myself drift off to sleep, throwing all my plans away. 

End of Chapter 2 

*009*2019-04-16 21:28
{{ 2 hours ago, Melificentfan said: 
That was fantastic I'm excited to read what will happen next 
}}

Thank you! I’m looking forward to writing it too! 

*010*2019-04-17 06:32

Chapter 3 

I woke up still clinging onto Karen. She was so warm, and soft, I’m not surprised I didn’t let go. 

I wanted to just lie there and go back to sleep, but I checked the time on my iPad and realised that I’d woken up earlier than necessary and I should use the extra time to make up for falling asleep last night. 

Begrudgingly, I forced myself to get out of bed. I left Karen to sleep, knowing that she likes to get up late. She was really cute lying there, her long, blonde hair was messily covering her face. She was shorter than me, 5ft something, but she had the larger chest. Her legs were still really long too, despite being shorter than me. But as much as I wished I could cuddle up with her until she woke up, I knew I had to compose a plan for the rest of the holiday. 

While my family still had our villa ready, they had the key, and being stuck in England couldn’t exactly send it to us. We also couldn’t drive up there as neither me or Karen knew how to drive, (well, I knew, but I hadn’t done any official tests,) and besides, only my family had booked a hire-car. I still wanted to have a good holiday with Karen, even if we couldn’t get to our villa. I had an idea, but first I decided I wanted a cup of tea. I walked over to the kettle, and took it into the bathroom to fill it up. Looking into the mirror, I realised my brown hair that extended most of the way down my back had already started going blonde. I don’t have a good explanation for it, but every summer my hair goes blonde, and then goes brown again during autumn. 

I returned to the room, and started making my tea. The kettle was alarmingly loud, even at the other side of the room by Karen, but I wasn't worried about waking her up. That girl has an uncanny ability to sleep through practically anything, and I quite often find myself having to wake her up myself when she sleeps right through her alarm. When my tea was complete, I sat down in the room’s armchair, and turned on my iPad again. 

As I did this, I felt a sudden urge to use the bathroom. Remembering the previous night, I realised I forgot to go before bed. Also, I remembered that I’d drunk 3 mugs of tea last night. 

”W-whoa... 3 mugs is a lot to hold onto overnight...” I thought to myself, and realised that as Karen wouldn’t need to get up for a few more hours this could be the perfect opportunity to have some fun. I had to go pretty badly already, but I figured I could hold it for a while, so I decided that I’d see how long I could go without for. 

I went searching on my iPad for somewhere for us to stay, checking train lines, bus routes, all sorts of things. Out in the more rural areas of the Algarve, the region of Portugal we were visiting, you can find a lot of little villas out in rural areas that you can rent for significantly less money than elsewhere in the country. My idea was to book one of these, and stay out in one of the rural areas with Karen until my parents got a new flight and could take us to our family’s villa. This would also have the advantage that I could spend less of our limited money reserves as everything tends to be far cheaper when you go away from the main touristy areas. I eventually settled on a small, 1 bedroom villa, with a swimming pool and patio. Normally, I’d want a 2 bedroom villa, as while I didn’t exactly mind sharing with Karen she can get a bit embarrassed by it and we both sometimes want time alone, but this villa was brilliantly priced and in a village I actually knew. 

I‘ve always really wanted to visit some of the more rural areas, ever since I visited this specific village when me and my family got severely lost once when I was a kid. I remembered the name, and as I’m in Portugal with just my friend and no one to dictate where I can and can’t go I decided now would be the perfect time to actually go. So I booked this small villa, “Casa Amora”, or “Blackberry House”. 

Having chosen the villa, I worked out the best method of getting there. I planned out a route that required taking 2 trains and a bus, but it would take us most of the way. There’d be a bit of walking at the end, but then we’d be out in the country, and I could finally live out my childhood dream of seeing how people lived out in these places, except with Karen as a bonus. 

I finalised my bookings, drank my tea, and got up out of the chair. 

”Nnngh... why didn’t I go to the bathroom earlier...” I thought to myself, but really I was enjoying how bad it was getting. The tea did not help at all with my desperation. I walked to the kettle, and boiled it again to make myself another cup of tea, not just for the taste but also to see how long I could last with 5 whole mugs of tea sloshing around within me. As it was brewing, my last mug hit me, causing me to cross my legs. 

”A-ahh... 5 mugs might be overkill, I’m not sure how long I can last like this...” 

Despite my doubts, I endured the pressure and finished making my tea. I brought milk with me, luckily, even though I forgot to mention it earlier. Taking my tea, I put it down on the bedside table and lied down again next to Karen. Lying down helped a little, but it was knowing that if I lost control now it be wetting myself on Karen that really helped me hold it. 

”I have to make sure I don’t fall asleep now, I’m not sure I could manage to hold it all in if I was asleep... this is already kind of dangerous while I’m awake...” I thought to myself, and crossing my legs, I clung onto Karen again. 

End of Chapter 3 

Fun Fact: so far, most of the story has been adapting a few different experiences I’ve had. 

*012*2019-04-17 10:52

{{ 5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said: 

That was a fantastic chapter 

}}

Thank you 

*013*2019-04-17 11:13

Chapter 4: 

After a few minutes of just lying there, enjoying the experience I forced myself to stand up again and drank my tea. My bladder ached, desperately wanting to give out right there. My mind was torn, I really wanted to go, but I also wanted to see how much I could handle. This is a common problem I run into all the time, but I made the decision to keep holding. 

I lied back down. I had the wall one side of me, and Karen on the other. I was fidgeting, one hand around Karen, the other holding myself tightly. The challenge of not losing control on Karen really made things a whole lot hotter for me, but it still didn’t change how distractingly full my bladder was. 

I started to settle down, despite my discomfort, but then Karen rolled over and pushed me closer to the wall. I nearly leaked a little from the surprise of her sudden movement after lying so still, but I kept it in. It was only when she moved her legs so that one of her knees was pressing down in the worst possible spot. It took a lot of willpower to endure the pressure, but I resisted the temptation. I couldn’t cross my legs like I did earlier with Karen’s leg there, so I simply pressed mine together as tightly as I could in an attempt to alleviate some of the pressure. 

“O-ooh... I might not make it like this! If she keeps pressing down on me... I feel like I’m going to burst...” I thought to myself, trying to take my mind off of it. I wanted to push Karen’s leg off of me, but I was enjoying it at the same time and didn’t want to wake her up. Mercifully, she moved the leg out of the way herself, but then pulled me in closer and cuddled me, not giving me a chance to escape. It was nice being able to cross my legs again without her pressing down on me, but there was no way I could leave now without her waking up, she was really clinging on to me. 

I brushed her blonde hair out of her eyes. She was still sound asleep. I wished I’d gone to the bathroom earlier, so I could enjoy this without having to worry about having an accident. 

... 

I have to stop now because I need to have an argument with my roommate over a Super Nintendo controller, but I’ll edit this post to add the rest of the chapter later. 

EDIT: ARGH THIS INTERFACE IS TERRIBLE I JUST TYPED UP THE ENTIRE REST OF THE CHAPTER AND IT JUST SUDDENLY DELETED ITSELF WHAT THE FUCK 

*015*2019-04-17 12:27

{{53 minutes ago, Melificentfan said: 

Lol this chapter is great so far 

}}

Thanks! I’m sorry I had to pause it for now. 

*016*2019-04-17 14:20

I can’t believe I have to write this entire bloody chapter again because this stupid interface deleted all my work... 

Chapter 4 Part 2: 

I squirmed and squeezed, my aching bladder bulged with every movement. I wasn’t sure how much longer I could last for. 

”A-ahh.. a-ahh... I can’t take it much longer!”, I moaned to myself, crossing my legs tighter and tighter. 

I was holding Karen’s hand with one, but the other was trying to hold back my desire to pee right there, and it wasn’t going to work for much longer. 

Karen loosened her grip on me, which helped somewhat, but the 5 mugs of tea I’d stupidly drunk without allowing myself even a moment of relief were overpowering me. Karen moved in closer, pressing our chests together. The feeling was rather nice, she was really soft, but it wasn’t enough to take my mind off of it. 

”Nnngh... o-oooh...” I moaned to myself, feeling the weight of my overfull bladder pressing down on me. 

Applying all my willpower to enduring it, I leant close and whispered into Karen’s ear... 

”K-Karen...” I started to say, before a sudden urge forced me to stop. 

”I-I... I-I’m at my limit... p-please l-let go... of m-me...” I continued, squeezing her hand, but trying not to wake her. 

Luckily for me, Karen loosened her grip and gave me an opportunity to slide out from her embrace. Normally, I’d have happily stayed in her arms, but I couldn’t wait anymore, even a slight movement made it almost spurt out. 

Moving slowly and carefully, I walked away from the bed and towards the door, when Karen woke up a bit. 

”Rosalynne? Good morning...” 

”G-good m-morning... K-Karen...” I stammered, my bladder protesting to the delay. 

End of Chapter 4 

Honestly as annoying as my first draft getting deleted, I feel like this is still the better story, so maybe it’s a good thing. 

*018*2019-04-17 21:44
{{ 2 hours ago, Melificentfan said: 
Short but good chapter 
}}

If you combine both parts, it’s longer. 

*019*2019-04-17 23:08

Chapter 5 

“I see you are already up. Shall we start working on our plans for the holday?”, Karen said, motioning for me to sit down next to her. 

”U-umm... I-I... i-in a m-minute, okay? I’m g-going to th-the bathroom...”, I stutter back, dancing on the spot and jumping from one leg to the other. 

”But that can wait, right?”, said Karen, continuing to motion. 

”N-not... r-really...”, I say, reaching for the door. 

”Come on, it’ll be fine.”, Karen reassured me, as she grabbed me by the hand and pulled me onto the bed with her. 

The shock of the movement nearly caused me to leak, but I stopped myself. Luckily, she just had me sit down next to her rather than lie down, I wasn’t sure I could manage that at this point. 

She was sitting in a way that made her rest against my shoulder; we’d been friends for long enough for her to know I love it when she does that. 

”So, have you booked anywhere? Or planned a route?”, Karen said, clinging to my arm. 

”B-both... i-it’s in a r-rural v-village near th-the c-coast... so we’ll n-need to t-take 2 trains, b-but it l-looks really n-nice.” I say, feeling my immense need growing as I forced myself to endure it with Karen. 

.......................................……………………………................................................................................................................... 

“Ah... a-ahh... K-Karen I can’t t-take it anymore... I-I need to g-go n-now or I’ll w-wet m-myself...” I said hurriedly, trying to get up. 

Karen surprised me by gently laying me down onto the bed, and sliding up next to me. 

”Just a little longer, okay? There’s something I want to do...” Karen said, with an unusually red face. 

Karen moved her hand up between my legs and cupped it around my explodingly full bladder. Mercifully, she didn’t press down on it, as I would’ve flooded the bed if she did that, but even just the feeling of her hand being so close to it made my need to go even worse. 

”P-please stop... I-I... I-I really n-need to go Karen, I-I m-might not m-make it if y-you d-don’t stop...”, I whimpered to her. 

”Rosalynne... you’ve held back so much, I have no idea how you’ve managed this... it’s so full and large...” said Karen, still feeling her way around my swollen bladder in amazement. 

”I-I d-drank 3 m-mugs of t-tea and went to b-bed without a b-b-break, then I-I had a-another 1 th-this m-morning...” 

“You poor thing. Come on, hurry and go now before you explode.” She said, with a suddenly caring tone, smiling reassuringly at me. 

I fidgeted and squirmed my way towards the door, and fumbled my way out and into the bathroom. I just barely made it in, every movement hurting. “O-ohh... o-ohh... I’m g-going to b-burst...” I said to myself as I rapidly lowered my pyjamas and sat on the toilet. Finally opening the floodgates, I felt an immense force of relief. 

Composing myself, I left the bathroom and walked back to Karen, in the middle of taking her clothes off. I blushed red, and her face went an even deeper red, but I tried to act normal and sat down next to her, clinging to her shoulder like she did to mine. With substantially emptier bladder, I was able to explain in far more detail the place I’d booked. I also showed her the route, and got her the clothes I’d unpacked for her. 

”Huh!? We have to walk after we get off the bus? That’s awful!”, protested Karen. 

”It’s not that far, I’m far less fit than you and I can walk that much.”, I argued. 

”Hmmph... Fine then, you can carry me when I’m too tired.”, joked Karen. Or at least, I hope she was joking. 

”Well, I’ll try. I’m not sure I can lift you anymore, you’ve grown a lot since I last had to lift you.” 

Karen blushed a bit, and I realised she probably thought I was talking about her chest, but really I just meant her in general. 

”Anyway Karen, when you're dressed we can go and look for a café to have breakfast at.” 

”Yes please!”, Karen said, her stomach growling. 

Within an hour, I was dressed, and a rather flustered Karen had also put some clothes on when I promised not to look and went outside the room to give her some privacy. We then said goodbye to our hosts, and set off for a nearby café I remembered being pretty good from a previous trip to Portugal and I also stayed near here. 

End of Chapter 5 

That was a fun one to write! I used my imagination a bit more with this and made use of the fiction class, but these events are still based partially of real life experiences. I’ve got some good plans for this story, and I look forward to writing the rest. 

*022*2019-04-19 05:15
{{ 29 minutes ago, Jc! said: 
Really looking forward to seeing where this story goes! 
}}

Good! I expect I’ll write some more today. I’m really enjoying writing this one. 

*023*2019-04-19 06:30

Chapter 6: 

We went and had breakfast at a fairly small café. It was the standard Portuguese café experience, good food, decent service, kinda crappy internet connection but better than a lot of other places. I had a bacon baguette, like I normally do, and Karen had a Full English. I’m sure everyone could tell we were foreigners. 

After breakfast, we headed through Faro city and walked to the train station we needed, before catching the first train. Again, it was pretty standard. I’d say it’s superior to the rail system at home, but then again you’d have to really try to make a rail system worse than the disaster area we have to put up with. 

The train was pretty busy, as we were still near a big city and an airport. I grabbed a seat, luckily, and offered to let Karen sit on my lap as there were no other seats. She naturally got a bit embarrassed and refused, instead standing up and using a railing, but after about 20 minutes she surrendered and sat down on top of me. She was fairly heavy, but I was far heavier so it was better to have her on top of me. As with my usual autistic style, I saw nothing embarrassing or romantic or anything about it and just didn’t want to have her legs hurt after standing up for too long, so I was happy to let her sit on my lap. Karen was the opposite, and remained red faced until a seat finally came available and she got to sit down next to me. 

”You know, there was no reason to get so embarrassed earlier.”, I said to her. 

”S-shut up! Anyone would be embarrassed to sit on their friend’s lap!”, she replied, blushing still. 

”Why? There’s nothing wrong with it, there wasn’t a seat for you so I thought I’d let you borrow mine.” 

”...okay. But what if they thought we were sisters or something?” 

It wouldn’t be the first time that had happened. In the past, when Karen was shorter, I’d even been mistaken for her mum. That happens alarmingly often, I even once got mistaken for my own mum. (I was returning my local hospital, after being let home for the night, and when we went back in and asked to see Rosalynne Langley’s room, they went looking for patients called the same name as me, it was only when a nurse from the previous day came in and corrected the other nurses that I got to return to my room. Turns out, they thought I was the mum, and my actual mum who was with me at that point was my daughter, and the older sister of a patient then thought they had called Rosalynne Langley. It’s quite a funny story to be honest. That’s probably the main issue with being 6ft 1”, everyone thinks you are older than you are. 

”I don’t see why that would matter.” 

”Maybe you are right... b-but it’s still embarrassing!”, said Karen, clearly able to tell she was losing the argument. 

I just stayed quiet and put my arm around her shoulders. She then leant on me and relaxed. It was really quite cute. We stayed that way for a while, and eventually I was going to ask her a question to start a new conversion, but realised she’d fallen asleep. I have no idea how she managed to sleep so much. I didn’t really mind though, I just relaxed and enjoyed the experience of her clinging to my arm, leaning against me, having whatever dream she was having. 

”I’ll let you sleep for a bit, Karen, but this train ends in 2 hours.” I whispered to her. 

End of Chapter 6 

The next couple of chapters are likely going to be fairly omo-light as I need to progress the plot a bit, but I’ll try to post a few of them today so it doesn’t drag on for anyone who isn’t interested. 

