Amy's Wet Reunion

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-11-09 19:31

For the fans of Amy she is back, A few of kept asking me when i would write another Amy story and kept asking me not to give up on her. Don't worry I won't give up on her, i have a few ideas for her yet so you will be seeing her some more :). Hope you guys enjoy this chapter of Amy's Adventures.

Wet Reunion

The water enveloped her body as she sank into the bath. She had a couple of hours to kill before she was going out and had decided to have a nice relaxing soak. As she laid there her mind thought over the evening ahead. One of her family friends was going out to celebrate her birthday and she had been invited. At first she declined the invitation but then she felt guilty so said she would think about. Then she had had an idea to make the evening a bit more interesting. She had recently discovered the amazing rush she felt from wetting herself in public. Having people see her peeing herself was such a thrill. She discovered it when she accidentally wet herself on the bus whilst coming home from work.

When it happened she was so embarrassed and humiliated but afterwards she felt a new feeling, the embarrassment turned into arousal and the more she thought about those people staring at her the more turned on the felt. She then set out to replicate the feeling and found it a month later whilst out at a works event. She found herself in desperate need of a pee and stuck in a bathroom line. A young girl behind her in line had an accident and she grasped the opportunity and wet herself as well.

She felt the wonderful rush once again as she felt the gazes of her work colleagues staring at her. Since that day she had wanted to do it again and tonight was the perfect time. Her plan was to go out and have a few drinks with her friend for her birthday then she would leave them to head home and whilst out in the middle of the Saturday night crowds she would wet herself, just the thought of peeing in front of all those people was getting her excited. After peeing herself she would then head home and enjoy the rush of arousal.

After a while she got out of the bath and dried off. She walked into her bedroom and went to the cupboard to pick out an outfit to wear. She had decided on a short skirt, that way when she pee'd everybody would be able to see the pee running down her legs and also meant that she wouldn't make much wetness on the skirt so she could at least get a taxi home, she was sure if she turned up at the minicab office in wet jeans they wouldn't allow her in the car. She picked out a pleated denim mini skirt and a red top. She walked over to her drawers and pulled out a pair of white knickers, she loved peeing in white knickers as the pee was really visible and left yellow stains on the material.

She slipped them on and admired them in the mirror...perfect, they would look great all covered in pee. She slid on her skirt and put her top on. She went back to the mirror and admired her outfit. Happy with her choice she went to the bathroom to do her hair and make-up. When she was happy she looked good she slipped her shoes on and headed out. She walked down the road and waited at the bus stop for the bus into the city. As she was stood waiting a guy came and stood at the bus stop. She glanced round and smiled when she saw him looking up and down her legs. When he saw her looking he suddenly looked away looking embarrassed. The bus arrived and she got on, bought her ticket and went and sat down. 15 minutes she was getting off in the bus station and set off towards the pub where her friend was meeting everyone.

She got to the pub and found her friend and a few people she knew sat in the corner. She went and bought herself a drink and went and sat with them. Despite not wanting to come she found she was enjoying herself as the evening went on. There were people she hadn't seen for ages and she was enjoying catching up with them. She wasn't sure where they were coming from but she had a steady flow of drinks being bought for her. She kept protesting saying she would buy the next round but alas they kept appearing. A few hours passed and she started feeling her bladder fill up. Her plan was starting to take effect and she got excited knowing what she would soon be doing. The group decided at half 10 they would head to the club down to the road and get the party started properly. She decided that when they left to go to the club that would be her cue to leave.

A few of the group who were not bothered about going to the club departed heading for home as half 10 grew nearer. By now her bladder was getting really full, she found herself squirming as her need to pee increased. She glanced at her watch, 10:14, 15 minutes and they would be leaving and she would split off from them and go and find a nice busy area to do her naughty deed. She decided to go around and say her goodbyes to people. As she walked around speaking to people her bladder kept on filling and by the time the group got up to leave she was busting for a pee, all those drinks were sitting in her bladder wanting to be released. She watched as a few of the group headed for the bathrooms and her bladder squeezed as if to tell her to do the same.

She decided to slip away from the group and said goodbye to her friend and told her to enjoy the rest of her night. She walked out of the pub and winced as the cold air hit her bladder. She looked around debating which way to go then the perfect place came to mind. Trinity square was just a few streets away. It wasn't really called Trinity Square, infact she didn't know what it was really called, everyone just called it Trinity Square as there was a nightclub on one side called “TRINITY” which looked out onto the courtyard area in the middle. This was the perfect spot as there would be plenty of people at Trinity and at the pubs and restaurants in the square.

She made the short walk to the square and as she walked round the corner she was happy to see plenty of people around. She walked over to the centre of the square where there was a small statue and a circle of benches. She was glad she was there as she was now dying for a wee. She opened her legs slightly. But she couldn't pee...the voice in her head was telling her bladder not to pee, it was the same when she had done it before but this time she couldn't seem to shut it up.

She felt nervous, she wanted to do it but she was filled with nerves. She wasn't sure why, it had seemed so easy the last time. But as she looked round at the people around her she felt more and more nervous. It was like stage fright, she couldn't work it out. Maybe last time it was because the other girl had done it, maybe it was because last time she was in a situation where it seemed plausible. She was stood in a line for the bathroom and when she wet herself it would have just looked like she had an accident.

But standing in the middle of the street like this it wouldn't be plausible. That was the only thing she could think. It became apparent to her that her nerves were preventing her from just letting go and she decided to give up and just head home. She headed towards the taxi office but then she noticed her bladder again. She would have to pee before she left as she doubted she would make it home. She looked round and decided to go use the bathroom in the pub opposite then she would come back and get a taxi. As she walked across the square she was stopped by the shout of her name.

“Amy??.....Amy Stephenson??....is that you??”.

She looked round and saw a guy at the other side of the road looking at her. She didn't have a clue who he was but he obviously knew who she was. He started walking towards her and she racked her brain trying to figure who he was. She couldn't place him anywhere, that was until he got closer. She saw his face clearly and suddenly her mind placed him. Jack.....Jack Thompson.....her high school crush. She suddenly felt all shy like she used to do in high school whenever he talked to her. She always wished she could have just asked him out but she never had the confidence for that. Now suddenly that feeling hit her as he reached her. “by heck, Amy Stephenson, I haven't seen you for....what....12 years.....how you been?”. Her mouth felt dry, god he was even more gorgeous than she remembered, she suddenly realised she was just staring and said “erm...yeah I'm good thanks, how have you been”.

“I'm al right.....hey listen, I'm going to meet a friend of mine at Trinity's, if you're not busy i'd love if you could join me, it would be nice to catch up”. She readily accepted his offer and they walked across to the club chatting away. When they arrived there was a short line to get in which they joined. He was chatting about what he did for a job and she hung on every word, she looked him up and down and felt flush thinking about how good he looked. Then her mind wandered to a question, a question she really wanted the answer to. Luckily for her he asked it first.

“so, you here with your boyfriend/husband”. He enquired.

“no, I don't have a boyfriend” she replied.

“ahhhh I see, out on the pull are ya”.

She blushed and said “no no no, just been celebrating a friends birthday, anyway what about you?”.

“nah, no girlfriend or wife, and I would be lying if I said I wasn't out on the pull.....which I seem to be failing at, may I just say how wonderful you look this evening”. She giggled and returned the compliment. Her heart was racing, she hoped he actually would pull, she hoped she would be the one, she had dreamed about it for five years at school. They carried on talking when suddenly she felt a wave of desperation flood over her. She had got so caught up in chatting to Jack she had completely forgotten about going to the pub to pee. Now she was almost wetting herself. She hoped they got inside soon so she could go to the bathroom. She squeezed her thighs together, she really wanted to push against her pee hole but that would have been too embarrassing. “you ok”, he asked. Oh god he had seen, “erm yeah, I just erm, its cold”.

“well we should be in a few minutes” he said. She prayed he was right, any longer and she was in serious danger of having an accident. A couple of minutes later they were let in and after she told him what she wanted to drink she dashed upstairs to where the bathrooms were. Luckily for her there was nobody waiting and she dashed into the nearest stall, pulled down her knickers and let loose the contents of her bladder. She finished, sorted herself out and went over to the sinks. She checked herself in the mirror and sorted her hair. When she was happy she returned to the club and found Jack. The mate Jack had come to see said he was heading to see his girlfriend and asked if he was coming with him.

“ha, no thanks mate, i'll stay here, I don't fancy been a gooseberry while you and your missus sweet talk each other over a kebab”.

“suit yourself” he replied and walked off.

“you don't have to stay here on my account” said Amy, feeling guilty.

“Oh I do, i'd rather stay here with you than go with them, lets go upstairs where its quieter”. She followed him upstairs to the lounge area where the music wasn't as loud meaning they could talk. They talked for ages, reminiscing about school and laughing at memories. After a couple of hours he said he was hungry and asked if she wanted to go get some food. She agreed as she herself was feeling hungry, and a takeaway sounded much nicer than whatever leftovers she had in the fridge. She decided she better visit the bathroom before leaving and after doing so they went outside and headed over towards the takeaway. They bought their food and went and sat on the benches in the square and ate it whilst they watched people going by. When they had finished they decided it was time to head home. They headed toward the taxi office and asked for two taxi's.

“here, i'll give you my number, if you ever want to meet up or whatever give me a call”. She wasn't sure what he meant by that. She couldn't decide whether he meant meet up as friends and catch up or meet up like a date. Either way she took his number.

“where do you live by the way”. He asked. She told him and he said “well hey, I live round there, we can share a cab if you want. It made sense so she agreed. He went and told the office they were sharing and they went and joined the queue. There were a few people ahead of them waiting for taxi's but she didn’t care, it just meant more time she could spend with him. As the queue slowly dwindled down she was aware of her bladder filling up. That was the problem when she drank, once she broke the seal she was peeing all night. All the drinks she had that evening were catching up on her and filling her bladder once again. 15 minutes passed and they were now 3rd in line which she was thankful for as she was starting to get desperate. Luckily it wasn't a long journey home. She shifted around as her need increased.

By the time they were at the front of the line she was absolutely busting for a pee. She was subtly shifting and wiggling to help control the need. To anyone looking at her they would just assume she was cold. She kept wishing for a taxi to come quickly so she could get home and pee. Five minutes later a taxi rolled up and they got in. He gave the driver both addresses and they set off. Now she was in the taxi and absolutely could not wet herself the need to pee worsened greatly.

She could no longer hide the fact she had to pee, if she carried on trying to hide it by being conservative with her actions she would lose control. She started squirming and wiggling which was immediately caught by Jack. He looked at her and asked if she was OK. She didn't want to admit to him that she needed to pee but at the same time she couldn't explain her behaviour any other way. She leant over and whispered “I need a wee”. He looked at her squirming and said “how bad”. She felt her cheeks go red as she whispered “really bad, if he doesn't hurry up I'm going to wet myself”.

“you will be fine, just keep holding” he replied.

Ten minutes passed and they were now out of the city and closing in on her house. She was beside herself with desperation. Now Jack knew she didn't care. She had her hand up her skirt pressed on her pee hole desperately trying to keep it closed. Her bladder was squeezing like mad trying to make her leak and she knew she was about to any second. She was doing everything to hold on. Her legs were shaking and opening and closing like mad trying to ease the pressure. Suddenly her pee hole opened and a leak shot into her knickers. She winced and pushed down harder on her pee hole, but despite the added pressure another leak escaped. She let out a little gasp and Jack looked at her, “you ok?”.

“it's starting to come out, I'm nearly weeing right here”.

“oh god, just keep holding.....can you hurry up mate, we want to get home”.

The end of her road was a welcome sight and she pointed out where to stop to the driver. The moment the car stopped she jumped out and dashed towards her front door. She heard the car drive off, at least Jack couldn't see her dancing around like this, she felt guilty about giving him a rushed goodnight and vowed to call him in the morning and apologise. She fumbled around in her bag for her keys, squeezing her legs together and dancing like mad. Now she was so close to the bathroom her bladder was getting impatient and a spurt shot into her knickers. She jammed a hand into her crotch and stopped any more escaping. Where the hell were her keys, oh god she needed them so bad. The spurts kept shooting into her knickers and soon they were soaked and the spurts were running down her legs. She found them hiding at the bottom of her bag and desperately tried to get them into the door.

The moment she did and turned the lock a massive spurt shot out of her pee hole and she knew she was done for. If she tried to get inside and upstairs she would wet herself on the way. She had no choice. She opened her legs slightly and immediately the pee came gushing out of her saturating her knickers. Suddenly she heard movement and spun round and found Jack staring at her open mouthed. She tried to stop peeing but it was no use, the stream was too strong. She could feel it streaming down her legs and splashing on the floor. She looked up and Jack was just standing staring at her legs. This was so humiliating, she could only stand there and let her bladder empty as he started at her. She felt utterly embarrassed.

She finally stopped peeing and just stood there frozen to the spot. “Are....are you ok” he asked. She looked at him and said “im so so sorry, I couldn't hold it, I tried but It was too much, I thought you had gone, why are you here?.

“You dashed off and I wanted to make sure you were ok....and then you started doing....doing that and I couldn't believe it, it was just so.....”. Suddenly he started laughing. She couldn't believe it, she was already humiliated and now there he was laughing at her, she felt like crying”. You don't have to laugh at me” she said and turned to go inside. Suddenly he grabbed her hand and said “I'm not laughing at you, I'm laughing because....because....what you just did was....i don't want you to think im weird but it was so sexy. And as well as staying because I wanted to make sure you were alright I also wanted a proper goodnight”.

Before she could say anything he pulled her towards him and kissed her. She pulled back and they looked at each other and then they went into a long passionate kiss. She felt his hands running down her back and gently squeeze her wet bum then run back up her back. They pulled apart and she looked at him. She felt so insanely happy in that moment she could have exploded. He smiled at her and nervously laughed “Do you know, i've waited 17 years to do that”. She looked at his shocked. He continued “when we are at school together I kind of liked you, you were so nice and friendly and really cute and I wanted to ask you out but you always seemed really shy and I figured you would have said no”. Her eyes widened and she started laughing.

“What....what's up?” he asked.

She giggled and said “you daft buggar....five years I spent at school with the biggest crush on you and wanting nothing more than to tell you but my shyness kept me from doing so, I always thought that if I told you you would say no”. He laughed nervously and said “ah well, I guess I should have then”. They both burst out laughing and kissed once more. When they broke apart she smiled and said “it sounds cliché but do you want to come in for a cuppa”. He smiled and said “yeah sure that sounds nice” and they went inside. She went and got changed out of her wet clothes and made them both a cup of tea.

They sat drinking it whilst reminiscing about how they felt at school and laughing about how they were both stupid enough not to say anything. She looked at him smiling and then there was the moment. She had seen in films and read about it in books. The moment where you just know you are about to kiss and it slowly happens. She leant in and they kissed. She was getting lost in the kiss, it was so nice. She broke the kiss and asked if he wanted a re-fill or did he want to go upstairs. He looked shocked and said “no, I erm...best be going. She was shocked at his response. She thought it must be because of what he had seen her do, he must have been repulsed. She sat forward and said “ok, sure, I understand, you don't want to”. He put his hand on her arm and said “hey, I do want to....you have no idea how much I want to, its just....”

“You don't have to explain”.

“I do have to explain, especially because you have gone all weird and seem upset, its just I have done this sort of thing before and it ended badly. I don't want that to happen with you, I like you a lot and I respect you and I don't want to screw things up”. She smiled at him and nodded. He stood up and headed towards the door. He walked out onto the doorstep and he said “I will call you, if you want me to”.

“Oh I want you to” she replied. He smiled and kissed her. “I'll see you later then”. She watched as he walked down the path and down the street. She closed the door and her heart was racing. She went and flopped on the couch feeling happier than she had for ages. She felt like a teenage girl, she wanted to call him right now. She thought back over the evening, how much fun she had had, how she felt when she was with him. As she played through the evening she sat up suddenly. She replayed the line over and over in her mind. She had skipped over it when she caught up in the kiss. Those four words he said, what did they mean. “ it was so sexy”. That's what he had said when she had wet herself. He thought it was sexy. She tried to think of what other meaning that could possibly have but she couldn't find any other than the only way it sounded.

She went upstairs to take her make up off and put her pyjamas on. She got into bed and put the TV on. Her mind was racing playing those four words over and over in her head. The more she thought about them she found herself getting excited. Her phone buzzed on the bedside table and she looked at it. Jack's name was on the screen. She opened the message and read it aloud “Had a great night tonight, hope to see you again soon Jack x. She read the message over and over feeling happier and happier each time she read it. She put the phone down and settled down to go to sleep. She smiled as she realised she may have finally got the man of her dreams....even if it took 17 years to get him.

*002*2014-11-10 11:08

{{:

Awesome and hot new chapter!

P.S. I laughed at the name Jack Thompson(for those who don't know, that was the name of a a very stupid lawyer in the U.S. who made lots of asinine claims about video games being "murder simulators").

}}

When Shadow read it he said that and then i realised who it was :p the name came to mind when writing as there was a guy called Jack at my school who I fancied and Thompson was the name of my Drama Teacher :p

*007*2014-11-13 19:51

{{:

Even if you intended this as a standalone story, I think it could also be good as a start to a series. Its very good!

}}

Its already a series, this is the fourth amy story i've posted

*010*2015-01-09 17:01

{{:

Oh. Didnt realize. Could you post a link to them?

}}

Check my profile. they are all on there

