Greatest Comic-Con Ever

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2018-02-08 21:57

Aleynna was thrilled to be here.

Ever since she'd first seen Star Wars at eight years old, she'd been a huge sci-fi geek. For a time, she'd been bullied but as Marvel, DC and Star Wars; now under Disney itself, began to dominate the cultural landscape, her interests had become mainstream to the point where she was one of the most liked; and desired, girls in her school. Now just weeks away from her seventeenth birthday, she had long brown curly hair, green eyes; with a round face, cute black glasses and her 52D breasts that strained her usual schoolgirl attire. She would frequently catch boys staring at her chest or angling themselves in class to glance in-between her bare legs.

While most of the other girls reviled it; a few doing so while secretly appreciating it, Aleynna found the attention enjoyable and would frequently leave a button undone or her legs just wide enough apart and judge their reactions. Though she also knew how to handle herself and could verbally slay any boy who dared treat her less than desirably and had even once broken two fingers on a guy who once smacked her ass in Chemistry.

She'd been saving money all year and now found herself in sun-swept Los Angeles for Comic-Con; cosplaying as Rey from Star Wars. She had spent hundreds on accurate clothing, a replica staff and lightsaber, yet almost felt inadequate in comparison to what she was seeing around her. Advanced make up, fantasy costumes she couldn't have crafted if she had worked a hundred years; yet no one judged her, a feeling she revelled in, as fellow cosplays, Star Wars fans and others took photos with her, attended the events and chatted with her. She was in paradise.

Unfortunately, as it turned out... paradise had a lack of bathrooms.

She attempted to use the toilets half a dozen times over the course of four hours, each time finding immense cues and deciding she'd come back when less busy. At first it was easily shrugged off but by her last attempt, she had become increasing desperate for the toilet. She had tried waiting in line for over fifteen minutes, only to find the cue barely moved and she walked away in frustration. By now, she was regularly rubbing her legs together, clicking her foot, pacing and would have started to openly hold herself; had the thought not mortified her. She began walking around in search of more bathrooms but none were available and by now, she had even started to subtly use her staff to grind against; finding temporary relief. Her need was getting bad. She needed to go.

Stumbling out of the centre; making her way through the crowds as casually as she could, she hoped to find a nearby restaurant, shop, ANYTHING where she could use their toilets. However, dozens of other like-minded women had thought the same and she found every nearby establishment filled with desperate women like herself. Her situation began to get critical when; upon entering a small takeaway, she found a line of eight girls aged 16-23 all waiting. She frustratedly was about to turn away, when she heard a gasp. A nineteen year old redhead cosplaying Black Widow was holding herself shamelessly in her latex, yet it was not helping as Aleynna heard the sound of urine running inside her clothes, bursting through her fingers and watched it soak her legs, outfit, socks, shoes and space around her. Watching the girl lose control and moan/sob with relief sent her own need into overdrive and she stumbled out the takeaway, now utterly desperate.

She could feel her bladder bulging, her legs shaking; sweat pouring down her forehead, a small wet patch in her white panties where she'd leaked moments ago. She knew she was only moments from losing control, in minutes; if not seconds with how desperate she felt, she would have a major accident. In blind desperation, she hoped she could find a smaller, unoccupied shop down a small side street and made it half way down before realising the horrible truth: It was nothing more than a dead end alleyway.

Aleynna cried out in frustration and leaned back against the wall, holding herself tightly with both hands; hoping to regain some control. It was no use. Neither her control nor the force itself could save her and she began to shake violently.

"Oh god, oh god, no, no, no, please no!".

Her muttered prayer went unanswered and moments later, she felt her body's control shatter. For a second or two, she could feel her control gone but nothing happened. Then, a hot, wet stream of urine burst through her panties; soaking them, beginning to drench her desert robes in wetness. She shook and moan as she continued to violently wet herself, an expanding patch running across her clothes, over her bum, down her legs; until it reached bare skin, upon where the urine drenched her socks and shoes. Soon, a puddle was forming all around her and her trembling breasts, legs and shoulders signalled her body's relief; and defeat, to the urge that had got the best of her. She stood there in soaking wet robes like a little girl who had lost control, a very wet; though still very beautiful, Jedi Knight, utterly soaked.

As she began to contemplate what she was going to do, she heard a voice call out and she felt her stomach drop. Reluctantly, she turned to see a Star Trek fan; dressed in an iconic red uniform of the saga, looking towards her. He looked around her age, dark eyes and hair: Large, not muscular but not obscenely fat, with a kind smile. Despite herself, she found him cute.

"Are you alright?", he asked innocently.

"Well... I don't need the loo anymore" joked Aleynna, attempting to shake off her humiliation with humour.

"I guess not. I'm Jack... is... is there anything I can do for you?".

"Aleynna. Thanks Jack but I don't think so, not unless you're carrying round a spare pair of women's clothes".

Jack was silent for a moment, then his face lit up with an idea.

"Wait here!" he said, running off.

Aleynna was confused and nervous. She half expected him to bring back a group of friends to laugh at her. To her huge surprise, he returned five minutes later with two shopping bags.

"Here!" he said, tossing them over. "I didn't know exactly what you'd want, I hope this is okay".

Aleynna looked inside to find a pair of jeans, fresh white panties, green jumper, blue shirt, white bra, a long towel, some soap and a bottle of water.

"Wh-why did you get me these?!" she asked.

"Well, I figured you might want to change out of your wet clothes before anyone sees. I'll hold the towel up, I won't look, I promise".

Aleynna was overcome by the generosity and could only nervously strip off her wet clothes, using the water and soap to quickly clean herself; before pulling on the fresh clothes. She could have sworn she caught him staring at her once but said nothing as she pulled on her new jeans. They were a generous and comfortable fit.

"Jack... I don't know what to say... thank you" she said, kissing him quickly on the cheek. He blushed deeply.

"It... it was no problem Aleynna".

Neither of them said anything for a few moments and Jack began to walk away.

"Jack!".

He turned round.

"Do you want to... hang out or something. You did all this for me, maybe I could at least get us dinner".

"That would be great!" said Jack, his obvious enthusiasm almost making him laugh. "That would be really great" he said, slightly more restrained; a huge, boyish grin plastering his face.

Aleynna smiled herself.

"Let's go".

The next few hours; after Aleynna dropped off her wet clothes and briefly showered, were spent exploring LA, ducking in and out of Comic-Con, as well as eating greasy burgers at a great local diner. They were both having an awesome time. Aleynna herself realised three things over those hours. Firstly, Jack liked her. He listened intently to every word she said, was constantly smiling at her and constantly wanted to hold her hand: Crossing streets, entering buildings; to the point where she'd left her right hand interlocked in his for the last hour. Secondly, she liked him back. While she'd seen plenty of guys that were easier on the eyes, he was far from ugly and few had made her laugh like he could, nor did she feel as appreciated around any of them as she did with him. The third thing she realised gave her a daring idea.

It started with her offering to buy cinema tickets for both of them to see some low-grade action film that was nearing its dismal box office run. As she expected, there was no one else in the screening; so they took the best seats, spreading their drinks and food out on surrounding seats. As Jack sat down, Aleynna chose her moment.

"Captain on deck", she said flirtatiously gesturing down to the bulge in his Star Trek uniform. He'd been horny for hours, from the moment she'd heard him call out to her in the alleyway and she think she knew why.

"Oh god, i'm sorry!" he said, crossing his legs; looking mortified.

She grabbed his right leg and slowly uncurled it as time slowed down for Jack as she softly spoke her next words.

"I don't mind. What I want to know is... why were you like this when you first saw me?".

Jack's heart thumped in his chest, ringing in his ears.

"I... I liked it".

"Liked what?" asked Aleynna innocently. She already knew the answer but she wanted to hear him say it.

"I... I-I liked watching you, seeing you... have an accident. Wet yourself".

Aleynna smiled. She'd been right. Having suspected this hours ago, she'd spent the last few hours considering what to do; then building up the bravery to when she realised what she wanted.

"I'm sorry, I know it's weird and I swear, I didn't realise it was this obvi-".

His words were cut off as Aleynna kissed him deeply and the sexual tension between them shattered in a hot, wet kiss of passion, emotion and raw lust. A few moments later, they broke apart; gasping for breath. Aleynna recovered first and leaned into him, whispering her next words into his ear.

"I like that you liked it. I didn't realise how relieving it would feel... but I liked it too".

She warmly breathed and kissed his neck, her hand sliding over his uniform's bulge and he truly would never understand how he didn't lose it in his pants right in that moment. Regardless, he began passionately kissing her neck as she slid over to and on top of him, now grinding over his hardened, almost painfully hard cock.

"I want you to know how thankful I am for you helping me" she said in a voice that would have brought him to his knees had he not been sitting as her hand briefly ran over the tight bulge, straining to be free. Moans freely escaped his lips as she pulled down his black trousers and kissed up his legs and over his underpants, her tongue running over his length; fully erect. After a few brutal, teasing seconds; she finally gave him the relief he'd been craving, pulling down his underpants and stroking his hard cock, giving him a look that had pre-cum dribbling over her hand almost instantly. A few seconds later, she grinned; pulled off her jumper and bra, before sliding his cock deep inbetween her erect nipples, running her tongue over it as she did.

To this, Jack had no reserves nor will left and moaned loudly, before stuttering out:

"Aleynna... I can't hold on".

Aleynna slid his whole cock down inside her mouth, her wet lips soaking it to the base; bringing him to the absolute edge of orgasm, before saying:

"Cum on me baby".

Jack lost it at this moment and Aleynna gracefully rubbed his hard cock deep in-between her breasts as he came harder than he'd ever done in his life, soaking her tits in hot, wet thick strands of semon; covering her hand, tits, running as far down as her bare stomach, a little even sinfully splashing over her glasses, which Jack briefly caught sight off halfway through his orgasm and finished even harder because of it. Breathing heavily and intensely, Aleynna dabbled her fingers in some of Jack's juices and licked it; smiling at the slightly salty taste. She then sat next to Jack and rested her head on his shoulder, a topless, cum-soaked young woman and an utterly spent and satisfied young man smiling in delight, totally ignoring the background ambience of some generic action scene. Minutes passed as neither said a word, then Aleynna rubbed her legs together; fidgeting uncomfortably. Before Jack could ask, she whispered into his ear:

"I need to go home. I need you to take me home now".

"I don't know if I can even stand right now Aleynna" he laughed honestly.

"Well, I hope you can... it would be something else if I ruined two sets of clothes in one day".

"What do you mean?".

Aleynna's voice trembled and somehow; despite everything, her next words made Jack's flaccid cock spring alive with purpose, his eyes filling with lust.

"I need to use the toilet... RIGHT NOW. I'm about to have another accident like a little girl. Please... take me home Jack... i'm about to wet myself".

TO BE CONTINUED...

*002*2018-02-09 20:06

{{21 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Wow this story is great so far

}}

Thank you! That means a lot. :) I had great fun writing it. :) ;)

*005*2018-02-12 18:54

{{12 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

This was amazing!! Any plans on continuing? Or was that end kind of like the "use your imagination" stuff?

}}

Thank you so much!!! Originally, I hadn't planned to but with the positive response, i'm thinking I might do a second part. :)

