Summer with Snape - Page 24

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*579*2013-02-07 19:08

Happy New year and I hope to have this story finished soon, so more updates, a whole lot faster. Sorry for the wait, but I've been moving and life is sucky so yeah. That got in the way, anyway, here the chapter.

Chapter 93

The night before Christmas found Harry excitedly watching some Christmas shows. At the moment he was watching The Grinch, and loved it. He snuggled into his father's side with Paddy at his feet, excited about the next morning. His father explained that in the magical world Father Christmas was an actual person. It completely blew his mind, but considering that the Headmaster who looked like Merlin was real he believed it.

After all, no one had been able to prove it untrue.

He couldn't wait to wake up in the morning, his father had kept hinting at him getting a lot of gifts. Since he was used to getting only a handful naturally Harry was excited. Leaving out the customary Milk and Cookies, he turned back to the telly. Thanking his father for the warm hot chocolate in his hands he found his head nodding back and forth as he fought against sleep.

"Sleepy Harry?" Severus asked in amusement.

"No, I'm fine," Harry murmured placing his cup on the table in front of them.

"Of course you are," he replied before pulling up a blanket on him.

Severus watched the remainder of the program and when he looked back down he wasn't surprised to see that Harry had fallen asleep. He smiled to himself looking at his child in amusement. He was feeling very good at this point in time, and wished that he could stay in this moment forever. Shaking his head at his own sentimental thoughts, he carefully stood up before picking Harry up in his arms.

He made sure the telly was turned off before carrying his precious cargo up the stairs. He was so happy that he had told Harry to get dressed for bed before the movie that he merely just tucked him in and was done. Kissing the top of his child's head, Severus headed back downstairs. He needed to get a few things ready so Harry could have one of the best Christmas's ever.

He worked quietly and efficiently as he placed the presents in no particular order under the tree, before moving over to the stockings over the fireplace. He grinned as he spelled Harry's in particular before loading it with the little trinkets, he had acquired over the months for just this time. As he finished,

Severus grinned wryly as he realized Harry had a massive pile of gifts, but he knew that given his upbringing his child wouldn't act like a spoiled brat. Knowing already that Harry was going to wake him up early as all children tended to do on the holidays, he headed to bed early.

Harry woke up the next morning to the sun coming through his window, and he groaned before burying his head into his pillow. He was just about to go back to sleep when he remembered just what day it was.

"It's Christmas," he said in an awe voice as he shoved the covers back. "Paddy move."

Harry yawned before getting out of bed and hurrying down the hall. He was in the process of going downstairs when he stopped and looked back. Was his dad downstairs yet? He didn't know if his father wanted him to open the presents yet. Dudley always did but he knew his cousin wasn't the best example to follow unless he wanted to get into trouble.

Harry opened the door to his father's room and quietly creeped inside. He shivered slightly wondering why his dad's room was cloaked in darkness when his own was lit. Harry smiled before he ran and took a running leap onto the bed.

"Oomph," Severus grunted from somewhere under the covers.

"Wake up Dad, it's Christmas," Harry said excitedly.

"So it is child," Severus replied tiredly.

"Let's go, so we can open presents," Harry said shaking his father a bit.

"Don't you want to wait until it's a bit later to open then Harry?" He asked, not even opening his eyes.

"No sir, I wanna open them now," Harry said bouncing so his father could hurry up.

Severus poked an eye out and looked at his child before sighing inwardly. He wasn't about to take away Harry's joy just because he could use a few more hours of rest. He yawned as he started to get out of bed, careful of Harry who moved off him and stood by the bed. He stretched before grabbing the boy's hand and made their way out of the room.

"One moment child," Severus said as they passed the loo.

"What is it?" Harry asked impatiently.

"Meet me downstairs," Severus said with a shake of his head.

"Why? Where are you going?" Harry asked suspiciously, inwardly wondering if his dad was going to go back to bed or something.

"The toilet Harry, did you need to go as well?" Severus asked tiredly.

"No I wanna open presents," Harry said dismissing the fact that his bladder might have been full.

"Alright so just give me a few minutes," Severus said gently.

Harry huffed before nodding. "Can I ask Tigger if I can have some hot chocolate while I wait?" He asked softly.

"Sure," Severus nodded as he entered into the bathroom.

Harry hurried downstairs, eagerly accepting the hot chocolate as he took a seat on the floor in front of the Christmas tree. Though he wanted to touch everything, he refrained from doing so remembering the Dursely training well. Though apart of him knew that most of those presents under the tree were his, he still couldn't believe it. By the time Snape had come downstairs, Harry was sitting on his hands quietly as he looked at the tree silently.

Severus narrowed his eyes, as the camera hovered in the background. He had expected the child to start ripping into the packages, which is what the camera was timed too flash. Grabbing a few cushions and setting them on the floor, Severus took a seat next to Harry.

"I would have thought you would have opened a few by now, with the way you were carrying on upstairs," Severus said lightly.

Harry shrugged. "I didn't want to get into trouble," he murmured.

"You haven't done anything yet child," Severus said handing him a gift.

Harry grabbed it gingerly and turned it over in his hand in awe. He shook it carefully wondering what was in it, entranced with the magical wrapping paper. He found himself looking intently at it, before grabbing the snitch that on it. Grinning widely he turned to his father who was looking at him in amusement.

"Go on, open it," Severus instructed him when it seemed Harry wasn't going to do it himself.

Harry grinned before tearing into the gift without another thought, glancing once at the man to make sure it was ok. He gasped as he looked at the stack of books, he could remember wanting to read them as a kid but wasn't allowed. How in the heck did Snape know about them?

"Remember the Ronald Dahl Museum we went too?" Severus asked, knowing Albus had told him about the certain books Harry kept looking longingly at but hadn't asked either of them to buy it. It had taken all of Severus's self restraint not to tell him that he was getting him them for Christmas.

"I remember," Harry grinned happily, as he hugged them to his chest.

Harry smiled as he made himself gently moved them to the side and pull another present out. He looked up as Snape stood up and grabbed a stocking.

"Look inside of it," Severus said with a rare smile.

"There's nothing in it," Harry said frowning, the sock looked empty.

"Reach your hand in," Severus said, eyes glittering in amusement.

Harry nodded skeptically before reaching inside, eyes widening when he felt something hard. He pulled it out, eyes alight in excitement and surprise when he held out a candy cane as long as his arm.

"I love magic," he grinned happily reaching back in it and pulling out a toy racecar. He grinned unable to resist once more before pulling out a chocolate orange. He was in heaven at this point.

"As we all," Severus replied agreeing.

Harry regretfully set his stocking to his side planning on coming back to it, as he shoved a piece of the chocolate orange in his mouth. He reached for another present, grinning when it revealed a quidditch play set. He smiled widely, as he continued opening the rest of his gifts. He absently drank his hot chocolate that never seemed to be ending as he opened them.

As he grabbed another gift a bit further under the tree, he felt a familiar pressure in his lower stomach. He knew immediately that his bladder was full having not used it when he woke up. Harry frowned, but he didn't get up. He was having too much fun to get up and go at the moment. He read the present in his hand and grinned before holding it out to Snape.

"What's this?" Severus asked curiously as he grabbed it.

"It's your gift," Harry said shyly.

"From who?" Severus asked as he looked down to see the tag.

"Me," Harry replied softly.

Severus nodded as he examined the box more closely then. He hadn't been expecting Harry to give him a gift and a part of him was curious not to mention touched to see what the child had gotten for him.

"Thank you Harry," Severus replied sincerely.

"But you haven't even opened it yet," Harry replied in confusion.

"I know," Severus said as he carefully unwrapped the present.

Harry watched the man closely, hoping he would like it. Charlie had explained to him about what Snape would probably like. He and Ron had told Charlie about the Basilisk and he informed them about it being great in potions. They were rare ingredients, because the giant snake was rare in itself not to mention nearly extinct. He told them that the skin and teeth and flesh of the great snake were priceless and everyone serious about potions would love it as a gift. Harry had gone into the Chamber one Saturday by himself, intending on getting some part of the snake for the man only to have the Headmaster and Fawkes flash in angrily before he could even touch it.

Harry blushed as he remembered the firm swats that the old man had given him for once more risking his life. He hadn't understood at the time, all he could think about was he was getting another spanking but this time by the Headmaster of all people. He was embarrassed that he had cried, he had underestimated how hard the old man's hand was but now he could see where he went wrong.

He shrugged at the thought, knowing the man was right; he had no idea how to harvest the ingredients himself. He could have gotten some venom on him and poisoned himself for all he knew. He was however able to get a vial of Phoenix tears and a few feathers from Fawkes. Harry hoped Snape would appreciate it as he had also enclosed a note inside. He was brought back to the present as Snape made a noise next to him.

"What is it?" Harry asked curiously, turning to look at him.

"What kind of skin is this?" Severus asked in a shocked tone, holding out the massive snake skin.

"Basilisk, I was gonna harvest the skin and teeth for you but the Headmaster said I couldn't without you there," Harry said quietly.

"Basilisk?!" Severus asked in surprise. "The legend was true?"

"Yeah, I killed it though," Harry replied proudly.

What do you mean you were going to harvest the skin and teeth?" Severus asked, his tone turning dangerous.

"Um, I mean, I well," Harry trailed off quietly unsure of how to proceed with this.

Severus for his part was floored, absently glancing inside at the rare gift of Phoenix tears and feathers in the box. He was more interested in hearing the about the legendary snake. He didn't want to turn the happy mood, because he had heard a bit on how Harry almost died from a bite. Not to mention he wanted to know just how Harry was going to harvest said items, when the child had yet to have a lesson on it. It worried him greatly, but he knew now wasn't the time for it. It was still Christmas, and he didn't want Harry to get in trouble today, that could wait until tomorrow.

"Tell me tomorrow and maybe we can go to Hogwarts and check out the Chamber," Severus said trying to keep his excitement to a minimum.

"Okay," Harry replied with a sigh of relief before turning back to the presents.

Severus watched him open the gifts silently, shaking his head at what an amazing boy Harry Potter really was. He smirked knowing that a year ago, if someone had of told him that he would be sitting here with his adopted son who just happened to be Harry Potter he would have had then shipped to St. Mungo's without question. He smiled as Harry's eyes alighted with each gift he opened; he wasn't the slightest bit worried about the boy becoming spoiled.

Harry was in heaven, he had an assortment of muggle and magical toys and gifts. That wasn't even mentioning the clothes he had gotten, and the glow in the dark socks in 8 different colors that the Headmaster had gotten him. He felt so spoiled, but he knew his father wouldn't think that so he kept quiet on it. He pulled out a present that was shaped oddly liked a broom and he grabbed it eagerly opened it. He gasped as he realized it was the Firebolt! That was the fastest broom on the market and he now owned it.

He looked to his father who was staring at the broom curiously, looking around to see who it was from. Harry turned to look at Paddy who was licking his knee happily and he giggled.

"This is wicked," he gushed as he admired it.

"Let me see the broom Harry," Severus asked quietly. He couldn't find a tag on the wrapping paper.

"Why?" Harry asked softly, unconsciously holding it to his chest. He wasn't a stranger to having something of his taken away and never returned. He didn't want that to happen to his broom, not that he thought Snape would do it by why tempt fate?

"I just want to see who it's from," Severus explained. He knew the broom wasn't cursed or anything of the sort as it wouldn't have even been able to get through his wards. He held his hands out for the broom; his son was coveting in his chest. He knew what the protective gesture meant, and his heart ached for the child.

"Are you gonna give it back?" Harry asked softly as he squirmed in his seat.

"Of course child, do you need the toilet?" Severus asked in return.

"You promise?" Harry asked pretending not to hear the man's last question.

"I promise child," Severus replied honestly as he held his hand out for the broom.

Harry wiggled in his seat before handing the man the broom, standing up to check out the gifts behind the tree. He also took that time to squeeze himself, and audibly sighed in relief before he could help himself.

Severus who was looking intently over the broom, still found himself testing it for an undetectable curses just in case. There wasn't any, but he felt better now that he had checked. He looked up curiously when he heard Harry sigh, before seeing him hidden by the tree.

"Harry what are you doing over there?" Severus asked curiously.

"Grabbing, um more presents," Harry said quickly. He had to pee so bad, he couldn't stand it. He hadn't realized he had let the situation get this bad. He whimpered softly, but he didn't want to go as Snape had just asked him if he needed the toilet. He would look like some kind of baby if he blurted it out now.

"Everything ok over there Harry?" Severus asked worriedly. He had heard how rushed his son's voice was, and he was a bit concerned as any parent would be.

"M'fine dad," Harry said as he hurriedly took a seat.

Severus dropped it, placing his own protective charms on the broom as Harry opened some more gifts As he finished, he rested the broom against the mantle, before looking up at the boy next to him.

"Open this, it's from the Headmaster," Harry said as he writhed around on his bum in his desperation.

"You sure you don't need the loo?" Severus asked as he took the present.

"I'm sure," Harry answered, trying to keep the anxiety out of his voice.

"You'd better not be lying to me Harry, you don't want to start Christmas on a bad note," Severus said warningly.

"I don't have to go," Harry said more forcefully. He didn't want to get in trouble, as he had lied already he was already in the hole.

"Alright," Severus said dropping it as he opened up the present. It contained firewhiskey along with a neon green pair of socks.

"I got socks too, they're cool," Harry said as he showed the man his.

"He does that every year," Severus said in amusement.

"Cool, does he take requests?" Harry asked, eyes lighting happily.

"He might, you'll have to ask him," Severus told him honestly.

"I will," Harry replied excitedly before turning his body from his father so he could hold himself.

Severus saw the move for what it was, and though he was annoyed he pretended he didn't see a thing. He shook his head, as he had told Albus before he couldn't always be there for Harry. The child, needed to listen to his body. As Severus grabbed another package with his name on it, he knew immediately who it was from as it was wrapped in his Slytherin colors. Knowing it was from Minerva, he started to unwrap it, keeping an eye on his unable to be still child. He shook his head in disbelief, could the boy be having that much fun that he couldn't realize he need to wee?

Harry was now on his knees, rocking as he tried to open the packaging on one of his toys. He wasn't having much luck and at the moment, he felt like he was about to pee on himself right there. He was just about to get up and go when he felt a wet nose on his leg. He glanced over at Paddy who was now pulling his shirt like he wanted Harry to get up.

"What is it boy? What do you need Paddy?" Harry asked as he stood up. He crossed his legs as gravity hit it, before unconsciously shoving his hand below his waistband of his pajamas to hold himself He didn't even think about the fact that his father could see everything, all he was worried about was not peeing himself. Harry wasn't sure what the dog was doing, but he allowed him to basically lead him wherever it was.

Sirius was at a loss by then, he had seen Harry's dance when Snape did and had wondered why the man hadn't insisted the boy go. Couldn't he see that

Harry couldn't be bothered because he was having too much fun? Not wanting his godson to have an accident, or get in trouble, he had taken matters into his own hands…or paws. At the moment, it was like he was pulling dead weight as Harry who was only a few minutes away from wetting his pajama trousers allowed himself to be led. He huffed as he led Harry to toilet just passed the stairs on their current floor, before butting the door with his nose.

Harry looked at the dog curiously before glancing at the door. He knew where they were, but why in the world did Paddy lead him here?

"Do you need to go outside Paddy?" Harry asked as he jumped out and down in front of the door. He didn't want to go in case the dog needed to, it wasn't fair if Harry went and Paddy had to wait. Harry winced as he bent at the waist in desperation, glancing back at the door. He hoped the dog would hurry up and make up its mine, before Harry lost all control.

Sirius stared at Harry in a look of disbelief, head turning to wonder where the he hell was Snape. He barked lowly, before pushing the boy gently towards the door. He didn't want to push him too hard or all his hard work would be in vain if Harry suddenly lost control of his bladder to it.

"You want me to go then?" Harry asked, marching in place. "Right I was," Harry said before quickly opening the door and rushing in.

Harry stood in front of the toilet and was just pushing the pajama bottoms down when he remembered Paddy. He was about to warn the dog not to look(it felt awkward going in front of an animal) but he was surprised to see that Paddy had his paws covering his eyes as he laid on the floor.

Harry sighed in relief as he started forcibly peeing, rubbing his lower stomach absently. He gasped as he saw Snape stop in the doorway, wondering if he could disappear now. He wasn't embarrassed, but he had lied to the man. Snape didn't tolerate liars from anyone, not Harry or any of the other students, or his Slytherins.

"I thought you didn't need to go," Severus said quietly.

"I'm sorry," Harry replied softly, unable to go anywhere as he peed.

"You know how I feel about liars Harry, come see me when you're finished," Severus said before walking away. He was just going to give Harry a small talking to but he meant what he said earlier, as it was Christmas there would be no punishments dealt out. But as for tomorrow since it was a new day, he couldn't say.

Harry frowned, not making himself hurry in the slightest. He had made it so that had to count for something right? Granted he knew if Paddy hadn't pulled him away, he probably would be in a different state right now. Harry sighed sadly as he stream started to dwindle down before he finished. Taking his time washing his hands and drying them, he looked at Paddy as he finished.

"Thanks Paddy," he mumbled before walking out the door and back in the sitting room.

Severus was sitting on a chair, drinking his morning coffee and reading the paper. He glanced up when he saw Harry gesturing for him to come to him. He didn't say anything as the obviously nervous child took a seat across from him. He let the boy stew there for a moment as he finished up with the article he was reading.

Harry sat there quietly, and stiffly for that matter Paddy laying at his feet. He swallowed fearfully as he wiped his sweaty hands on his pajamas. He held his breath as Snape finally put down the paper.

"Why did you lie to me?" Severus said sternly.

"I…I don't know," Harry replied softly.

"Are you lying again?" Severus asked in disbelief.

"Yes I mean no, I just didn't want to go," Harry blurted out quickly as he hung his head in shame.

"And why didn't you want to go?" Severus murmured.

"Because I wanted to continue opening presents with you," Harry confessed.

"And you would have when you came back. If you had gone to the toilet when I did this could have all been prevented. Not that it matters as you didn't have an accident." Severus said.

"So I'm not in trouble right? Because I didn't have an accident," Harry said inwardly breathing a sigh of relief.

"If you would have had an accident, you still wouldn't have been in trouble. An accident is just that child, however you are indeed still in trouble," Severus informed him.

"Why am I in trouble? I didn't do anything," Harry asked appalled at the whole thing.

"You lied to my face about the fact that you didn't need the toilet, when it was obvious that you did. I do not tolerate liars, you will be punished for that,"

Severus told him firmly.

"Oh," Harry said sadly, before gulping. He was getting a detention on Christmas, or worse grounded on Christmas. He sighed, well there went all his presents.

"I am neither the evil dungeon bat everyone says I am, nor heartless as they think I am. And as today is Christmas, you will not be punished until tomorrow," Severus explained.

Harry breathed a sigh of relief refusing to think on tomorrow. He launched himself at the man and hugged him tight before turning around and going back to opening his gifts on this very special day.

*584*2013-03-11 21:03

Chapter 94

Harry was currently grinning from ear to ear. This Christmas was possibly the best he had ever had and it was all thanks to the man next to him. They were going to Hogwarts, and Paddy didn’t want to come. Harry didn’t mind, he was thinking about the knapsack with some of his gifts in.

He was even more excited when his dad told him that he had some presents that Albus and Professor Lupin wanted to give him. This is why they were dressed and instead of their modest Christmas dinner, they were going to have a Christmas Lunch at the Castle. Harry was ecstatic by this point as he grabbed his father and they flooed to Hogwarts.

Harry let go the instant they got there, wobbling a bit as he looked around. The castle was quiet and he knew that none of the students had stayed this year. The threat of Sirius Black was so great that Parents and Children alike were frightened, and they had reason to be. Though Harry wouldn’t go after the man, if the man came after him he wasn’t going to run away like a little baby. No he was going to fight the man for what he did, and how he betrayed his parents. Shaking away those thoughts he followed his father to the Great Hall.

He smiled and wished everyone a Happy Christmas, choosing to sit next to the Headmaster, and thank him profusely for his presents. Harry ate a lot, well a lot for him and as much as he could stomach before he sat back in contentment. As the food settled, he started to doze in his chair as he had no one his age to talk you. He didn’t seem to notice when Professor Lupin picked him up, and carried him out of the Great Hall with the Headmaster and his dad.

“What was so important that you needed to talk to me about on Christmas Albus?” Severus asked, as he checked to see that Harry was indeed sleeping like he thought.

“Startling evidence has shown up at the ministry in light of Sirius Black’s escape from Azkaban this year,” Albus said quietly.

“What do you mean?” Remus asked softly, looking up alarmed. He was so grateful that he could hold a solid poker face. He had already heard Sirius’s point of view and the man had provided a pensive memory and Remus had taken it upon himself to send it to Amelia Bone’s office. He was pretty sure he knew what the man was going to say but he had to play his part. Just because he wasn’t a Slytherin didn’t mean he wasn’t cunning when he needed to be.

“What does this mean Albus?” Severus said uneasily.

“That an innocent man may have spent 12 years in prison for a crime that he didn’t commit,” Albus replied before stopping as Harry whimpered and turned his head, which was laying on Remus’s shoulder.

Remus nodded following the movement, his eyes connecting with Severus. Whatever they needed to discuss they had to wait because even though the child was sleep, there was the chance that he could understand this or wake up in the middle of the conversation. He followed them to the Headmaster’s office, walking towards the room that Albus had pointed out.

“Wait, I need to go back to the Manor for a moment,” Severus said heading towards the fireplace.

“What did you forget?” Albus asked curiously as he took a seat behind his desk.

“Harry’s nighttime underwear, this would be awfully humiliating for him if he found out he wet himself in the Albus’s personal rooms,” Severus said before he disappeared in the fire.

Remus shook his head in amusement, knowing that the dark haired man was right. He didn’t bother to take a seat as 2 minutes later

Severus had returned and was gesturing for Harry. He handed the boy off to his father and took a seat in one of the chairs across from Albus.

“I’ll just be a moment,” Severus said as they disappeared into the room off the man’s office. He walked down the hall towards the room that Albus said held all of Harry’s gifts. He walked in and smiled as he laid Harry on the bed and changed him. Kissing the top of the messy head he closed the door behind him as he walked back down the corridor and back to Albus’s office. As he took a seat he glanced at the wolf curiously as he suddenly stopped talking.

“Harry won’t know where to go if he wakes up alone. Why not just put him into the room just off the office?” Remus asked softly.

Severus sighed as he stood up and grabbed his child, followed by the Gryffindor who grabbed the presents and followed him, Once Harry was situated in the room right off the office Severus watched as Albus put up a silencing charm around them the room so Harry couldn’t hear anything, and absently locked the door. Severus turned from the door to look at Albus who was looking very grave and every much his age as he stared at his Professors.

“So what were you saying about Black?” Severus said quietly.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

When Harry woke up, he wasn’t sure exactly where he was nor how long he had fallen asleep. He smiled as he found a clock frowning as he realized that it was just hitting 4 o’clock, and he vaguely remembered falling asleep at the lunch table. He stretched and looked around. He grinned as he noticed he was in a room full of presents.

He eagerly got off the bed and ran to one, finding his name on it. He was jumping around excitedly before picking it up and gently shaking it, in case something fragile was in it. He wanted to open it but his childhood had him refraining from doing so at least until he heard someone speak to him.

“Young man I was instructed to tell you that you may open your gifts now,” Headmaster Dippet said from his portrait on the wall.

“Oh, and where exactly am I?” Harry asked, taking a seat on the floor.

“You are in the Headmaster’s room. He is talking with your father and Professor Lupin at the moment. I will tell them you are awake momentarily,” he told the child.

“Thank you sir,” Harry said gratefully as he ripped through his first present, losing interest in the conversation and focusing solely on what he was doing.

The Headmaster in the portrait shook his head in amusement before going to tell Albus that the child was awake. They were deep into a conversation that he knew the child didn’t need to hear so he left the boy to continue playing.

Harry wasn't sure how long it had been since he had woken up from his nap, only that he had time enough to open all his gifts and play with them and now he needed the toilet. He shifted in his wet goodnight before padding his way to the door and turning the knob only to find it locked. He frowned before trying to twist the doorknob once more before realizing he was indeed stuck.

Shaking his head he took out his wand and attempted to Alohamora it, but found that whatever locking charm was on it, it was more then he could open it. He bounced on his toes, not wanting to have an accident, and not liking the fact that the Headmaster had locked him in the room. What was the man trying to prove? Shaking his head he resorted to get help the other way by pounding on the door, but that only resulted in his hands getting hurt and him huffing in anger.

“What the heck?” He whined as he looked around the room in desperation for something to help him out. “Dad? Daddy I need to go!” He yelled, unaware that there was a silencing charm around his room.

Harry whimpered as he held himself, before remembering the portrait. As he made his way over to it he found that the man wasn't even in it. What was he going to do now?

Meanwhile back in Albus's the office, the Headmaster was stroking his long white beard as he looked back from the two men across from him. Remus he could see was much to calm about the fact that his old childhood friend was mistakenly convicted and Severus looked pretty torn.

It didn't take a genius to know just why the latter was looking the way he was. He could practically see the wheels turning in the man's head, knowing that he felt threatened that Harry and his happiness was now up in the the air, and rightly so. Sirius was Harry's godfather and even if he was legally adopted by Severus he could fight him and would mostly likely win regardless of the time spent in Azkaban.

On the bases that they imprisoned him wrongly and Severus was a former death eater. As it was the adoption was currently a secret and they were trying to keep it that way. Albus sighed this would not end well for his boys, and he wished that there was somehow he could get Sirius to reconsider this. But as they didn't know where the man was, there was nothing they could do but wait.

He shook his head, wishing that Sirius had someway of seeing how Severus and Harry interacted, then he wouldn't try to break them up. But the old man shook his head, as he too remembered just how much Sirius Black hated Severus Snape, and the feeling was completely mutual.

“Severus try not to worry about, I'm sure that Sirius will contact Remus shortly and we'll go from there,” Albus said gently.

Severus turned an incredulous look to the old man. “Black will never allow me to keep Harry, I don't know what kind of world you are living in Albus. Harry means the world to him, I know that and I don't even like the man,” he said with a resigned tone. He just knew he was losing his child and there was nothing he could do about it.

“It will be alright Severus, you'll see,” Remus couldn't help but say softly. He knew Sirius's thoughts on the situation and he had been in shock when the man told him that he had no plans to take Harry from the Slytherin. He himself had been skeptical with reason of course because they all knew how hotheaded Sirius was. And he would never accept that a Slytherin, and Snape of all people was raising his godson.

At least he wasn't willing to believe it until Sirius had told him of the things that he had witness between Snape and Harry when everyone else was gone. He knew in his heart that Sirius knew that Severus had Harry's best interests at heart; regardless if who the child's father was. Now all they had to do was wait until Amelia got the public on their side and then Sirius would be well on his way to a trial. He shook his head, making himself focus on the conversation going on in front of him.

Back in the room Harry's face was turning various colors in his desperation. He couldn't hold it forever, and already his stomach was feeling a bit achy. He hobbled to the door once more, leaning his head on in tiredly.

“Let me out! Please its an emergency!” He yelled as loud as he could, before he started sniffling.

He didn't like feeling hopeless and he hated being locked up in a room unable to get out. Add to the fact that he had an urge he wasn't a happy camper. He tried to act his age and control himself but his small bladder just had enough. He didn’t even bother stifling the sob that escaped from his throat when he felt his warmth running down his slacks and onto the hardwood floor below. His body sagged in relief as he leaned against the door a he relieved himself. It was during this moment when the old headmaster in the portrait reappeared.

“My word child,” Headmaster Dippet said in a horrified tone as he took in the obvious tear stained face so he knew that the child hadn’t done this out of spite. “Let me get Albus for you,” he said before he disappeared again. As the old Headmaster went back to his other portrait he had barely opened his mouth when Remus spoke.

Remus sniffed the air suddenly before he turned his gaze to the door where Harry was in, shaking his head silently as he saw the puddle underneath it.

“Albus, did you put a silencing charm or a privacy charm around the room Harry was in?” Remus asked as he stood up.

“A silencing charm, now that I think about it,” Albus said quietly as he looked at the man in confusion.

“Harry's had an accident,” Remus said softly, sighing as Severus stood up and hurried towards the door.

Severus sighed before he canceled the charms, and opened the door to find Harry hugging himself in one of his defensive positions and he hurried over to his son. He pulled out his wand and waved him clean picking him up immediately after. He looked down at how the little boy suddenly tensed in his arms.

“You locked me in!” Harry sobbed out.

“I didn’t Harry, Albus made a small mistake,” Severus told him apologetically.

“I couldn't get out, it was JUST like my cupboard!” He screamed out angrily, his voice heavy with hurt.

Severus winced, but didn’t have it in him to reprimand Harry for his tone, as the boy had every right to be. He blew out a a breath, as he heard a brief gasp behind him.

“I know, I'm so sorry Harry, I should have double checked,” Severus told him gently.

Harry was choking on a sob trying to bury his face into the man's shoulder. He had an accident in the Headmaster's rooms no less. He knew portraits were gossipy and he just knew that this was going to be around the school.

“I wanna go home,” he cried out, feeling more low then he had ever felt.

Severus gave Albus an apologetic look as he started to speak but the man just held his hand up for silence as he had something he wanted to say.

“Harry, my boy? I'm deeply sorry for what happened, and you have my full confidence that no one will know of this,” Albus promised.

Harry sniffled as he looked around the man's office tearfully. “The portrait saw, he knows! And he could tell,” he said tearfully.

“No child, that's Headmaster Dippet, he would never do that I promise you,” Albus told him firmly before gently plucking the child out of Severus's arms, much to both of their protests.

Albus gently rocked the child, feeling extremely remorseful, and even more wretched once he remembered what they had talked about.

After apologizing to Harry, he along with his other professors, started asking Harry about the gifts that he received. And he tried not to think about Sirius returning and what that meant for two of his favorite boys.

*587*2013-03-14 22:47

{{:

Awh, poor Harry! D: Could use more detail though...

Also, I don't mind if you say no, but perhaps Harry could "find out" about what his 'junk' is meant to do? XD

Love it, love you, we're out <3

}}

Yeah I was rushing this chapter, sorry about that. The next one is better of course. I don't think I read right, you mean him masturbating? Lol,

*588*2013-03-19 23:40

So the story actually has 101 Chapters, so my bad, either way its nearly done too, and its been a wild ride I tell you that.

Chapter 95

The day after Christmas found Harry bored out of his mind. True to his word his father had told him he was grounded to his room for the whole day. He was able to come out when he needed the loo, but he was warned about abusing that privilege so though he was tempted numerous times to go to the loo even though he didn’t need to he resisted not wanting to be in even more trouble.

He had eaten breakfast by himself and his father tended to pop his head into his room every so often but Harry was bored. All of his Christmas things were still downstairs, and his other toys didn’t fully hold his attention because he knew he just got some new toys downstairs. He was supposed to be going to the Burrow today to play his game boy with Ron but that got canceled all because he didn’t want to go pee.

He growled at himself angrily, it wasn’t his fault. Why the heck did the urge hit when he was having so much fun. He huffed before turning his face into his pillow. It was only 11am, and he swore he was slowly starting to go mad. He jumped up when he heard the floo ring, and he hurried to his door to see if he could hear it. He didn’t open it because it was spelled, and didn't want to alert his dad.

He sighed as he couldn't hear a thing, as he was about to just open it, the door opened his father walking in with a potion vial. He sighed knowing what it was, but he wasn't about to complain. He hadn't spent an entire day in his room but he dying to get out. If it meant he had to be Emery Snape so be it, he liked it anyway.

"What are you doing?" He asked curiously.

"Lucius and Draco are here," Severus said as if that explained everything.

"But I'm grounded," Harry said before he could stop himself. He was moron, why was he reminding the man about his punishment. It seemed his father had the same thought as he gave Harry a look of disbelief.

"Have you no sense of self preservation?" He asked in shock.

"It slipped out, if i can take it back?" Harry pleaded as he looked at the vial to his freedom so to speak.

Severus smiled a small smile. "Just this once child," he said holding out the vial.

Harry grinned as he took the potion. He felt his features changed, fiddling with the protective pedant around his neck.

"Why are they here?" He asked curiously.

"Draco has gotten a potion's kit for Christmas and he wants to work on it. Lucius has no time today so he asked me." Severus explained.

"Oh, so you and Draco are gonna be in the lab all day?" Harry asked. He groaned inwardly, he kinda like potions now but he didn't want to spend a vacation day in the lab. He hated to say it but he would rather be in his room, if that was the case.

"We are but Lucius requested if he could bring you," Severus said.

"What for?" Harry asked intrigued.

"The Bulgarian Quidditch team, including Victor Krum is meeting him at the Ministry and he thought that you...."

"I wanna go!" Harry blurted out interrupting his father in his excitement.

Severus mock glared at him, that was expected to say the least. "I thought you would say that," he said in amusement.

"Lets go dad," Harry said eagerly, trying to go around the man so he could leave.

"Hold it, go to the toilet first," Severus instructed.

"But I went already remember?" Harry said.

"Go try for me then," he pressed.

Harry huffed before nodding as he hurried past his father and into the toilet.

Severus gathered a small backpack for Harry, putting a change of clothes and his game boy in the bag. He nodded as he made his way downstairs, before handing Lucius the bag.

"Thank you Severus," Lucius said as he shouldered the bag.

"You're welcome," he replied.

Lucius wasn't stupid, this was a symbol of their trust of one another. The trading of their sons and he wouldn't do anything to endanger it.

"Where is Emery, Uncle Severus?" Draco asked as he looked around, easily slipping into the name he had been told to call the man he was younger. Snape was no stranger to the Malfoy family.

"Using the toilet," Severus replied as he rolled his eyes. He knew by the name that Draco was comfortable at the moment and he allowed it.

Harry was actually on the steps, eavesdropping on the conversation. He frowned, why was Draco calling his dad Uncle. They weren't related were they? He frowned, he didn't know that so what did that mean. He took a seat on the steps with a quiet sigh.

Lucius nodded, that was a good idea. He had instilled it in Draco to go before he left home as a child and it worked usually.

"Uncle Severus will I be able to keep some of the potions we make?" Draco asked as he looked up from his booklet.

"Of course, they are after all yours," Severus replied. He loved having someone as interested in the subject as he was. Now that he had Harry he could see that he had probably squashed all love he had for potions and for that he was very regretful.

Not hearing anymore conversation Harry loudly came down stairs. He smiled brightly at the two blondes before greeting them.

"I'll bring him back around Dinner, that way we can all eat together," Lucius told him.

"Sounds good, we'll be waiting," Severus replied, ushering Draco out of the floo room as his father and Harry flooed away.

Harry couldn’t believe it the way they came into the ministry, it was all so cool! He had a blast because as soon as they got there, Victor Krum was already there and he got his autograph and he was allowed to talk quidditch with him. Sadly though the older boy had to go after a couple hours and Harry found himself keeping Lucius's receptionist company. It helped that the woman was really nice too him.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

A few hours later found Harry munching on a cookie and some chocolate frogs while he colored in his book. The woman at the desk thought he was so adorable. As he chugged his juice he frowned as before looking around. It had been quite a while since his father made him use the bathroom, and he was feeling it. The problem was Where was Mr. Malfoy? He stood up and walked over to the desk of the nice lady already shifting on his feet.

"Wheres Uncle Lucius?" Harry asked. He had been thinking on it and his dad and Malfoy were close friends, if Draco got to call his Dad Uncle Severus then wouldn't it be fair the other way around?

Eleanor looked at the small child in front of her desk and smiled apologetically. "Hes in a meeting sweetie, what did you need?"

"Him," Harry said shyly. "How long is the meeting?" He asked softly.

"About an hour," she replied kindly.

"Can you tell me when its over?" Harry asked miserably. He didn't know what to do, but he knew busting through the door was a giant No!

"Sure thing sweetie," Eleanor promised, looking at him worriedly.

Harry went back over to his drawing, unable to keep still. He wiggled on his chair, alerting those in the waiting area just exactly what his problem was. He couldn't help it, and as he colored he found one hand permanently stuck in his crotch. He looked up at the office door, but he didn't say anything. He could do this, or at least that's what he told himself.

"Emery, come here sweetie," Eleanor requested softly about 20 minutes later when she could no longer sit and let him suffer. If she hadn't known what was wrong before, she did now. And she could understand it, he was a child after all and she hadn’t seen him used the bathroom since he'd been here.

The closest toilet was out the door and a ways down the hall. Lucius had told her he wasn't to leave this room without him or his permission as he was responsible of the child. She didn't want to cross the man, but she didn't know what else to do. Eleanor couldn’t watch the little boy suffer any more then he had already.

"Yes?" Harry asked blushing as he was now holding himself and he knew she knew what was wrong.

"Here's what we're going to do, I want you to walk through that door and quietly make your way to your Uncle. Then tell him your problem as, I cannot take you to the toilet until he says." She explained gently.

"But won't he get mad? He said I wasn’t allowed in there," Harry said softly.

Eleanor grimaced knowing Emery had a point but there wasn’t much to do about that. She couldn't very well deny the child, nor would she defy Lucius Malfoy. He was not a man to cross. This was a delicate situation, and she had to handle it carefully. "He will understand, now go on sweetie," she told him firmly.

Harry nodded, before biting his lower lip as he made his way to the office door, taking a breath he opened it up quietly. He squirmed as he looked around the room, they hadn’t noticed him yet and he was grateful. Spotting the white blonde hair, he hurriedly made his way to the man. He knew when they noticed him as all eyes turned as one to him.

"You there, this is an important meeting boy. You are not allowed in here," the minister said in a pompous tone.

Harry winced as he saw Lucius startled before frowning. He didn't want to get Eleanor or himself in trouble, but this really couldn't wait.

"Uncle Lucius, I have to talk to you," he said urgently as he made his way to the man"s side. He hadn't yet removed his hand from the front of his trousers so he had to wonder if it was obvious to anyone else in the room.

If Lucius was annoyed at the name he didn't show it, however Harry noticed how many people including the minister stiffened at his words. He could hear a few mutters, and he could literally feel more eyes on him then before, if that was possible.

"Emery, what are you doing in here? I told Eleanor not to allow you in," Lucius said frowning. He was focused on the boy's face, and the minister so he hadn't yet looked at him closely.

"I hafta go to the toilet," Harry whispered as he got closer. Not that it matter, as the room was quiet and everyone heard him clearly. Not to mention everyone could see where his hand was.

"And this couldn't wait until after?" Lucius asked in disbelief. He had forgotten himself, after all he had just remembered that Emery and Draco weren't the same age so of course he couldn't hold it for the duration of the meeting.

"No, she said she couldn't take me because you said I couldn't leave the room without you," Harry said wiggling around, otherwise he would have been happy to have Eleanor take him.

"Can you hold it for 45 more minutes?" Lucius asked softly, even though he already knew the answer.The thing was he didn't want Emery going with anyone but him because he looked dead on like his father. He didn't need anyone holding a grudge against Severus taking it out on the child. Plus if the child was anything like Draco, he would get into places he shouldn't be. He hadn't thought about the about the toilet when he spoke to Eleanor, a mistake on his part.

"No I'm gonna have an accident, I hafta wee!" Harry cried frantically, as he marched in place desperately. His eyes filled with tears in his desperation, unsure on how long the man was going to make him wait. He pulled his trousers up in agitation before he resumed holding himself.

Lucius frowned, not wanting to return Severus a crying child or one that left happy only to come back the complete opposite. He couldn't deny the child, what kind of person would he be then?

"Cornelius if you'll excuse us," Lucius said quickly standing up as he made his decision.

"Lucius you cant be serious," Cornelius said frowning.

"You and everyone in this room, is neither blind or deaf. You all heard and can see that my nephew is bursting for the loo. A small break isn't going to hurt anyone." Lucius said as he looked at the boy bouncing desperately at his feet. "Excuse us," he said taking Emery's free hand.

Harry whimpered and squirmed as he walked, one hand in his crotch.

"The poor dear, how old is he?" Nina asked him on the way out.

"Just turned 10 during summer hols," Lucius said as he walked out.

"I'm sorry," Harry told him miserably as they entered the waiting room.

"No Emery it is I who is sorry child," Lucius said softly before shaking his head at Eleanor who stood up once she saw them. "I'll take him," he told her.

Harry didn't notice too busy, hanging on for dear life. He startled and would have spurted a bit if he hadn't been holding himself tightly as the man picked him up.

"We'll be there in about a minute or so," Lucius promise, his long legs faster now that Emery wasn't slowing then down.

Harry nodded, squirming in the man's arm. He was too into his desperate state to realize people were staring or he probably would have been embarrassed.

Lucius walked through the door, and towards the stall, setting the child down in one. "I'll be right outside," he said closing the door and holding it close with his hand. He was unsure if Emery was like Draco and he didn't want to make anything worse by being in the stall with him.

Harry frowned, maybe it was a pureblood thing; privacy. He shook his head as he remember Ron was a pureblood so that couldn't be it. He shrugged before hurrying over to the toilet. He was actually relaxed as he knew he had snap buttons on and they were easy to get off. He should have known that it wouldn't be that easy as he went to undo his zipper nothing happened.

Harry frowned as he looked down to find the cloth from his boxers caught in it. He shook his head miserably, couldn’t he catch a break. He struggled in front of the toilet with the zipper for about 3 minutes before his bladder spasmed and forcibly remind him that it was still there and impatiently waiting.

Lucius was waiting patiently, though as he hadn't heard any water noises he was getting worried. But for all he knew the boy was shy.

"Emery is everything ok in there?" He asked.

"No, I need help," Harry said urgently.

"With what?" Lucius asked worriedly.

"My zipper wont come down," Harry answered wondering why the man hadn't come into the stall yet. When he usually said he needed help, whoever was there tend to hurriedly rush in, so why wasn't the blonde man doing so?

"Whats wrong with it?" Lucius asked.

"Its stuck,and i really hafta go! Can you please help me?" Harry whimpered desperately.

Lucius sighed, before nodding. He wasn't that surprised though that the boy needed help, then again he was still hoping he wasn't like Draco who would sooner pee his trousers then go in front of another person. He walked in to find the child looking up at him expectantly and he promptly locked the door behind him and leaned his cane on the wall.

Harry was gripping the sides of his trousers in his hands, unable to be still as he waited for the man. Why wasn't he hurrying?

"You hafta hurry or I'm gonna wee on myself," Harry warned him anxiously.

Lucius nodded; immediately reaching for the zipper and giving it a tug, but nothing happened. He frowned as he looked at it closely, the cloth was really wedged in there. He stood up finally and turned around to grab his cane.

"You're leaving? But I didn't get a chance to go yet," Harry said tearfully. He was frustrated at the whole situation at this point.

"No little one I'm not leaving, i was just grabbing my wand," Lucius said gently, flicking it in the direction of the child.

"Oh," Harry replied stupidly as he felt his trousers slacken. Removing his hands he watched then slide all the way down as the man had removed the entire zipper. He turned quickly towards the toilet, pushing his boxers out the way not a moment too son. He sighed in relief as his water poured out of him.

Lucius sighed in his own relief, noting in amusement that the child was not at all shy in the slightest.

"Why did you wait so long?" He asked quietly.

"Because you were in a meeting and it wasn't proper to disturb you," Harry said softly.

"No I should have foreseen this, or at least asked you before I went in it. I am sorry child," Lucius said kindly.

"Its okay, I made it," Harry replied proudly as he finished up.

"I know you did, though I have one question," Lucius said mildly.

"What is it?" Harry asked curiously as he pulled his pants back up.

"You called me Uncle Lucius, why?" Lucius asked, keeping his own curiosity out of his tone. He was surprised but he didn't mind the name, he especially was amused when he saw Fudge's face. Severus would most certainly want to see that memory.

"Well Draco calls my dad Uncle Severus, I thought it would be okay. I won't though if its not," Harry said hurriedly. He found himself actually liking the man, now if only the Malfoys could like him when he was Harry and Not Emery.

"No its quite alright, and you have a point child. You may call me that, I Admit I like it better then Mr. Malfoy," Lucius replied with a smile as he opened the stall door.

Harry smiled at the man as he walked over to the sink to wash his hands. Drying them, he grabbed the man's hand with a sigh and they walked out the bathroom.

*594*2013-05-24 23:31

Hey guys, Sorry this took forever, but its ultra long so I hope that counts. The story ends at 101, I just need to buck down and type. I havent been feeling like doing it so much. Sorry I'll try to better.

Chapter 96

It was a couple of days after that embarrassing incident in the Headmaster's rooms and Harry had all but forgotten about it. He knew that the men wouldn’t tell anyone what happened and he trusted the old man about the portrait not talking. Currently Harry was packing his bag for an overnight stay with Ron and Professor Lupin and Paddy. He wasn’t sure why he was spending the night with his teacher and not over Ron's house.

Harry shook his head ruefully as he he remembered what had happened earlier that morning. They had been sitting at the table eating breakfast when an unfamiliar owl flew in and landed in front of Harry's plate. He had only a moment to grab the letter to see that it was to him before his dad had snatched it away from him to read it himself. He was a angry of course, getting something of his taken away but that wasn’t the end of it. Harry sighed as he looked around his room he had been banished to.

He wondered what the sorting hat had meant he would be great in Slytherin because most Slytherins were sneaky and he was far from it. He groaned as he recalled how he had been caught eaves dropping on his father and the headmaster regarding his letter and how Snape had swatted him a couple of times in his bum. But that wasn’t the kicker, it was the fact that the old man had witness everything, even Harry blubbering!

He was so humiliated at the moment, and he never even got to read his stupid letter. All he knew was that Sirius Black was mention and then nothing. Harry sighed as he packed one more pull up then he thought he needed, he would rather be safe then sorry right? Whistling to Paddy who seemed to be gone more often then not these days they loudly headed downstairs. Harry sighed as the conversation ceased as he entered the room, he looked at neither adult, choosing to just stand there and stare at the floor.

“I'm ready,” he mumbled out.

“So it would seem, I know you don’t like this Harry, but sometimes things happen that you don’t plan for,” Severus told him apologetically.

“I'm used to it anyway,” Harry replied with a shrug. And he was, being shoved onto someone else, wasn’t new to him at all, he just never thought his father would be the one to do it. Guess he had been wrong; and he couldn’t help but think that this was a reality check.

“Used to what?” Severus asked carefully; his eyes narrowing. He didn’t like where this conversation seemed to be going.

“Being not wanted and then shoved off to someone else when they don’t want to deal with me,” Harry replied, finally choosing to look up at his father. “I got over that a long time ago,” he said softly. Which was true, but that didn’t mean it hurt less, the pain still ached in his chest, like now. But he wouldn’t give the man the satisfaction of knowing he was hurt.

“That is not what I meant,” Severus stated alarmed; already about to explain what he meant when the floo flared and Ronald flooed in.

“Hey Harry, man you would think I would be gone forever with the way mum was going on,” Ron said chuckling as he came in.

Harry giggled as he looked at his friend's indignant expression. “At least she wants you, it could be worse,” Harry pointed out casually; as he eagerly picked up his bag. He was so ready to go at this point.

“Very true,” Ron replied with a shake of his head. Neither boy saw the looks exchanged between the two adults still in the room.

“Harry we need to talk,” Severus said quietly.

“No we don’t,” Harry replied with a shrug. “You want a break from, I get it. I'm not stupid, this is better then locking me in my room, or a cupboard for that matter,” he pointed out as the floo flared again.

Remus poked his head through the fireplace. “Are the boys ready?” He asked.

“Yep, I'm going first!” Harry announced eagerly as he and Paddy stepped up.

“Harry maybe you should leave Paddy here,” Severus said frowning. “I'm sure Lupin doesn’t want to be bothered by your animal,” he said seriously. His thoughts however were still on the previous conversation.

Before Harry could protest that claim Remus spoke up, he was always wary of Sirius messing up and getting caught by Snape; besides he was itching to talk to his friend again.

“Actually I would rather him bring Paddy, I always enjoyed the animal's company,” Remus said carefully.

“You would,” Severus muttered sarcastically before sighing. “Be good Harry,”

Harry didn’t say anything to that, he wasn’t in the mood to talk to his father. Besides if he wasn’t good what else was he going to be? Bad? He was 13 years old he had sense! He headed over to Professor Lupin and waved to his dad before they disappeared in the flames. He stumbled out in the man's cottage and looked around the small place curiously.

“I will be right back, I need to go get Paddy,” Remus told them as he disappeared into the flames once more.

“Where do you think our beds are? Do you think he'll let us stay up late?” Ron asked eagerly.

“I don’t know Ron, he is a Professor,” Harry pointed out softly. He was curious like Ron but at the moment he was trying to scope out the toilets. He didn’t want to be caught up short. They didn’t have to wait long, as the man and the dog suddenly appeared in the fireplace.

“Alright boys, let me give you guys the quick tour,” Remus told them, knowing they were anxious to know where they were going to be staying. He led them from the sitting room/Floo room and into the connecting kitchen before he walked through the small cottage.

“What time are we going to have to go to bed?” Harry asked after a moment.

“Well since its the winter holidays, I think that 11pm should suffice,” Remus told them.

Snape was a stickler for him getting enough hours of sleep; which is why Harry grinned as he had never been allowed to stay up that late. His bed time had been 9pm since he had come to stay with him, and if he was being punished it was 8. Unless you counted the Durselys (which he didn't) He only stayed up that late when he still had chores to do and there was no pleasure coming out of that.

“Awesome!” Harry replied grinning at his friend, who seemed to have a question of his own to the surprise of him.

“Where are the toilets?” Ron asked bluntly as they didn’t seem to be passing any.

His house had 3 of them, and one was in the front. The same with Harry’s, as his house had over 7 toilets but the most obvious one was downstairs. He knew how his friend was, and if the chewed lip that Harry was currently biting on was any indication, he was anxious to know the answer to Ron's question. He knew Harry would never voice it, so he did it for him.

“Well I only have one. My cottage has two bedrooms and one toilet,” Remus explained.

“Oh, but what if we've got to go and you're in there?” Ron countered carefully, wondering how this was going to go.

“You're going to have to wait your turn,” Remus replied honestly.

“What if I can't wait?” Ron pressed, as he looked at the man worriedly. That wouldn’t do, he knew that would leave to Harry having accidents, and maybe him having a close call or two.

“Are you talking about now, or later?” Remus asked, a bit alarmed at the whole thing. He had been slightly warned about Harry's inability to speak up(having remembered class), but other then that he was clueless.

Ron chanced a look at Harry who was staring at the ground as if it was the best thing in the world. “Did you wee before you came?” He asked him softly, unaware of the flashing eyes of his Professor as he heard every word.

“I didn’t have to go, but I feel like I might need it soon,” Harry replied quietly. “Can you say that you have too, so he can show us?”

“Yeah,” Ron replied easily before turning to look at their Professor., who had a confused expression on his face for some reason. “I have to use the toilet,”

Remus blinked as he stared from each boy, he was extremely confused at the whole thing but he couldn’t even ask why Ron was asking for Harry as he wasn’t have supposed to have heard them. And if it wasn’t for his werewolf senses, he wouldn’t have. He nodded before walking pass the kitchen and the parlor and pass a bedroom.

“This will be your room, you'll have to share but each of you has a bed in there,” Remus told them as he made his way to the door in the middle of 2 others. “This door leads to the washroom and the one next to it is my bedroom which you are not allowed in unless I tell you its okay,” He told them firmly.

“Yes sir,” the boys replied in unison.

“Alright, well Ronald you can go and use the toilet, while Harry unpacks,” Remus told them cheerfully.

Ron nodded as he looked at Harry who was nodded as well. He figured his friend could hold it and disappeared into the loo to take care of business and relieve himself; while Harry went to their room.

Harry smiled at his friend when he entered the room, it was just now hitting 4:00pm and while he could see it getting a bit dark outside the sun was still out.

“Hurry up an unpack Ron, so we can get out our brooms and have a fly before it gets really dark,” Harry said excitedly as he pulled his own shrunken broom out his bag.

Remus who had been passing by their room sighed as he poked his head in. “I'm sorry boys, you wont be able to do that, I live near muggles, and they would be able to see you,” he told them apologetically.

“Oh,” Ron replied quietly, before turning to look at Harry who was trying to look as if he wasn’t affected by the news. But anyone who knew the child, knew he loved being in the air; and this was devastating to him.

“That's okay,” Harry replied softly. “Are we allowed to ride our bikes then?” He asked dully.

“Yes that is okay,” Remus told them before sighing. He looked down as Paddy came through the doorway. “Just take him with you,” he told them. He knew if Sirius went with them, no harm would come to them.

Harry didn’t say anything as he pulled out the shrunken bikes and held them out to Ron who held it out to their Professor.

“Can you unshrink them?” Ron asked politely as he grabbed the shrunken items from Harry and held them out to their teacher.

“Yes I can,” Remus replied as he took them. “I'll unshrink them by the door, when you guys finish unpacking you know where to find them,” he told them; before leaving them to their own devices.

Harry and Ron went outside, and rode their bikes until it was dark, and Remus finally called them in. He already had dinner prepared, and just needed the boys to wash up so they could eat. He waited at the table for them, before telling them not to make a mess.

Ron quickly washed his hands, he could smell the roast on the table and he was indeed hungry. His stomach growled in anticipation. “C'mon Harry,” he told his friend.

Harry frowned, he hadn’t yet washed his hands and he was actually waiting for Ron to finish up so he could relieve himself. He really had to go right now, and he just wanted to empty his bladder. He didn’t protest however, knowing how his mate's stomach was. He quickly washed his hands and hurried with Ron to the kitchen so they could eat.

It was just hitting after dinner around 6:30pm, when Harry felt that he might just explode from all the added liquids inside. He was just about to make a break for the toilet when he heard his teacher speak.

“Alright, you boys can play while I go take a shower. Make sure not too get into anything.” Remus told them cheerfully as he headed out the kitchen. The washroom door, closed about a minute later before the sound of running water was heard.

Harry whimpered before he looked over at Ron who was eagerly eating dessert. “Ron?”

“Yes Harry?” Ron asked curiously, before he took another bite of his brownie sundae.

“Professor Lupin is in the loo,” Harry said softly.

“I know, he told us he was going to shower,” Ron replied, looking at his friend in confusion.

“But, I needed to use the toilet,” Harry confessed quietly as he hung his head sadly. He tried hard not to squirm in his seat to show his discomfort, but he had a hunch that he didn’t succeed, especially when he caught the knowing look in his friend's eyes.

“Then go use it, he's only using the bath,” Ron told him, looking at his friend closely, to determine how bad he needed to go.

“What if he doesn’t let me in? What if he gets mad at me for intruding?” Harry asked fearfully as he stood up and wiggled in place. “I should just wait until he comes out,”

“No way,” Ron told him firmly. “You look like you have to go pretty bad as it is. What would Snape say if he was aware you were holding it, and there was a perfectly good toilet available?” He asked lightly.

“He would be mad,” Harry said softly before sighing. “Okay, I'll go,” Harry said quickly making his way out the kitchen and down the hall. He had no idea, that Professor Remus probably wasn’t used to little boys walking in on him when he was in the washroom. Which is why when he quickly burst inside, he gave the man a poor fright.

“What the hell?!” Remus gasped out startled, as he grabbed for his wand.

“Just coming in to use the toilet, I wont be long,” Harry said quickly, his embarrassment going away in favor of his persistent need once he saw the toilet. He jumped out and down desperately as he tried to get everything off the closed lid, and set it on the floor.

“Harry what are you doing in here? Get out!” Remus told him in horror.

“I'm about to pee,” Harry told him as if it was obvious because to him it was. He hurriedly pulled up his shirt and tugged down his elastic jeans. He remembered at the last second to lift up the lid, before he let out a sigh of relief as he started relieving himself.

Remus was appalled and for a moment he thought that the little boy was joking up until he heard the sound of water on water. He was embarrassed for a moment, before he got angry about the rudeness the child was displaying. He turned off the shower, anger his main emotion at the moment. He waited however for the boy to finish, and the sound of the toilet flushing before his washing of the hands followed.

“We need to talk Mr. Potter, I'm very ashamed at your behavior tonight,” Remus told him, his Professor voice coming out to play.

Harry looked up from where he had been drying his hands. “Why? What did I do?” He asked, genuinely confused about the whole situation.

Because as Ron had said, what he did was normal in both of their households, and even the headmaster's apparently. His thoughts when back to earlier that day when Professor Dumbledore had been washing his hands and Harry burst straight through the door, because he needed the toilet very badly. He hadn’t even noticed the man until he had started to go, and had been a tad humiliated until the man reassured him that there was no harm done. He shook the memory away as he looked at the curtain that covered his teacher.

“You know what you did, wait for me out in the hall,” Remus said curtly as he dismissed the boy.

Harry sighed before his shoulders slumped as he made his way out into the hallway. He closed the door behind him sadly, he was already in trouble and he didn’t even know what he did. It didn’t take long for Professor Lupin to join him out in the hallway and he found that he was getting lectured. What the heck? Apparently he wasn’t the only one who was at odds with the situation as he didn’t notice Paddy standing by the door to the hallway.

Sirius frowned well as much as he could in his dog form as he looked at his friend scolding his godson. The kicker was that the man knew Harry wasn’t in the wrong. Snape and Albus and even Molly had told Harry that it was okay to walk into the loo when someone was in there(if he knew them and they weren't using the toilet as well) if he needed the toilet. He hated that his godson just stood there nodding with his head facing the floor. He knew in his heart that Harry wouldn’t do it again and also knew that he hoped it wouldn’t happen around Snape. Because the man would be pissed, with every reason to be.

It was almost bed time for the boys when Sirius witnessed the extent of Remus's scolding, and found to his horror that Harry was proving his thoughts right. He could see Harry automatically going for the bathroom door knob only to stop himself and stand there quietly. He whimpered softly but the child only shushed him, and Sirius laid down on the floor to watch the scene play out.

He didn’t have to wait long actually when Harry started shifting on his feet and he wanted to go over and scratch the door but the way the boy was looking at him he knew he wouldn’t do that. He whined loudly when Harry's shifting turned to jumping up and down and holding himself like he normally did. He could only assume that Harry waited a little bit longer then normal due to Remus being inside the bathroom. Apparently the boy had tried to wait in their room for the man to come out, but it seemed that Remus was taking forever.

He blew out a breath that came out as a small growl as he stared at his godson. He was going to murder Remus if he didn’t hurry up and come out. How could he not know that Harry needed the toilet? Sirius watched with growing horror as Harry bent at the waist and he knew what was going to proceed next if he didn’t do something. He trotted over towards him, whining softly.

“Shh, Paddy. I don’t want him to hear,” Harry whimpered out, his hands gripping his crotch tightly.

Sirius huffed, his head gently bumping the boy's legs as he tried to urge him to go inside. He knew that Remus would understand right?

“I can't, I don’t wanna get in trouble,” Harry whispered out frantically as he unconsciously marched in place. He knew he didn’t have long to wait and wished with all his heart that his Professor would come out the bathroom. He wanted just walk in, and he wished that he was at home or somewhere where he would've been allowed. His legs curled around themselves almost like he was trying to imitate a pretzel in his desperate state.

“Oh, I've gotta go!” Harry whimpered out urgently, the tears burning the back of his eyes. He turned around in circles anxiously. “Come out, come out please, come out,” he pleaded over and over.

Sirius finally had enough, and ignoring the wishes of his godson he barked loudly. His tone of bark was urgent and he knew that Remus would recognize it. The man did and they were rewarded when the shower suddenly turned off a moment after he did it.

Harry turned his wide eyes to Paddy, looking at him in horror. “Why did you do that? Now he's going to be mad at me,” he sniffled before he gasped softly and looked down at his pressed together thighs. He saw to his horror that liquid was staining his trousers all the way down to the floor, where a puddle began forming. He choked on a sob, trying to figure out when he lost control, this couldn’t be happening right?

Sirius was already below the waist level of Harry so he could see quite clearly what was happening and made another bark, even though he knew that it was too late.

“Oh no,” Harry said before his face crumpled up and he started to cry as he stood there peeing himself.

That was the scene in which Remus opened the door, Sirius as Padfoot was growling angrily at him and he could swear he could hear each and every swear word he was barking. He turned towards Harry, who had tears rolling down his cheeks, and along with his wet pants, he was a sight.

“Why didn’t you knock Harry?” Remus asked in confusion. The only thing he had heard was Sirius scratching at the door, he hadn’t even been aware that Harry was with him. He waited for the child to answer, but he didn’t which had him frowning. He was all set to ask again, when Ronald walked out of the bedroom that the boy's shared. The man saw the boy's easy going expression change to a frown as he hurried up and came to his friend's aid.

“What happened Harry?” Ron asked softly, unaware that due to Remus's wolf ability that he could hear it plain as day.

“I peed Ron,” Harry whimpered out as if that question was obvious. He was still able to put a bit of sarcasm into like his father.

“Well yeah I know that, but what happened?” Ron stressed, even as his lips twitched at Harry's tone.

“He wouldn’t come out of the bathroom,” Harry replied with a sniffle. “He was showering again,”

“Then why didn’t you just go inside like you were supposed too?” Ron asked in confusion.

“He told me earlier when I did that to him that it was rude and that it meant I had no manners. Dad and Aunt Molly and Grandpa Albus lets me do it all the time when I'm with them. I don’t even look at them when I go,” Harry explained tearfully.

“Shh, shh Harry. This isn't your fault I promise you,” Ron said soothingly, inwardly groaning at his Professor's stupidity at the moment.

“But daddy's going to be disappointed when he finds out about what happened,” Harry cried. “I was trying to have no accidents here,” he wailed.

Ron wasn’t stupid, he knew that Snape was going to find out about this. But he had been right, none of this was his friend's fault. Their professor had just undone what his own mother had painstakingly taken days to get Harry comfortable with. The same with both his Headmaster and Professor. He wasn’t sure how much of a setback this would be but he wasn’t looking forward to explaining this to Snape that was for sure.

“He won't Harry, I promise you. Snape isn't going to be mad at you at all,” Ron told him, glaring at Professor Lupin. He knew who the potion's master would turn his anger too.

“Wait a minute, I didn’t do anything,” Remus started off defensively only to feel a tug on his towel from Padfoot. He deduced that they needed to talk so he cut off his words in favor of nodding silently.

“You've done plenty I can assure you,” Ron murmured out, having to refrain from yelling at the man. He knew he could still end up with detentions so for the moment he couldn’t wait to tell Snape.

“Why don’t you get cleaned up Harry?” Remus finally said quietly. He personally didn’t understand how he was at fault here. Shrugging he turned around to reach into the bathroom for his wand.

“I don’t, I want....” Harry started softly before looking to his friend for help.

“Actually Harry's going to take a bath,” Ron told him before shaking his head and grabbing his friend and disappearing into the bathroom. He locked the door with an audible click. As Ron was running the water for his friend, Harry was staring at the floor, his face a bit horrified.

“It's going to be okay Harry,” he promised.

“I know that, but Ron did you see all those scars all over Professor Lupin's body?” Harry whispered softly.

“I did, what do you think caused them?” Ron asked quietly.

“Something dangerous,” Harry replied with a sniffle.

Vowing to think on it, Ron turned back to comforting his friend. He was so happy he had thought to grab his game system; as he would have felt a bit uncomfortable if he was sitting with nothing to do while Harry bathed.

That was all Padfoot needed before he transformed into Sirius and was sporting a deadly glare in the direction of Remus.

“You idiot,” he hissed angrily before his friend had a moment to speak about his own stupidity. Sirius took him by the arm and pulled him into the man's room, grabbing the man's wand to lock the door and ward it with privacy charms.

“Sirius calm down, what has got you so riled up?” Remus asked quietly.

“You moron, its possible that you have just destroyed everything that Molly and Snape have done for Harry.” He told him angrily,

“Is this about his accident? All he had to do was knock on the door,” Remus told him still confused.

“No he didn’t, what he was supposed to do was rush in, do his business and then come out and go about his day. Snape, not to mention Albus, and the Weasleys all have a system with him. And let me tell you its taken him extra long to get it down packed. Just when he did you come along and you upset that system. You scared him from asking for the toilet, oh Merlin, I would hate to be in your shoes when Snape gets a load of this,” Sirius said before flopping down on the bed.

“I didn’t mean to scare him, it was just a bit unsettling to realize that someone busted into the loo while I was in it,” Remus defended himself.

“You were covered by the shower curtain, and in came a little boy who is still innocent despite his background,” Sirius murmured with a sigh. “He was only interested in the toilet by the door. He didn’t particularly care about you being in there with him.”

Remus sighed wearily, knowing he was just defensive because he had been afraid that the child had caught a glimpse of his scars. He groaned as he realized the extent of Sirius words. “You know why I didn’t want him in there,” he muttered weakly.

“Which is all moot as you came out the bathroom in just a towel, and your scars are being proudly shown even now,” Sirius pointed out.

Remus groaned as he fell on the bed, hoping the boys were to upset to have seen them. He rolled into a ball on his bed, feeling embarrassed and troubled about the whole situation.

“Nothing to be ashamed about Moony, I've told you that a hundred times. Wear them proudly, and never be ashamed of who you are,” Sirius murmured fondly to him as he laid back on the bed with him.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The next day found Harry waking up unusually quiet. He made sure that he made no noise as he got out of bed, and after checking the halls booked it to the thankfully empty toilet where he relieved himself. He was feeling humiliated after what happened last night and he had no desire to face his Professor. He just wanted to go home, and be with his father. He sighed, knowing that the man wasn’t coming to get him until later on that day.

He hoped it would be before dinner. He didn’t want to have to use the toilet here anymore, especially if the man happened to be in it again. He sighed before he walked into the kitchen, he didn’t see Professor Lupin anywhere and he was hungry. Not to mention where the heck was Paddy? He frowned before he looked around the kitchen for the necessary pans and such. And it wasn’t long before he got started on breakfast, completely in his element. And that was the scene in which Professor Lupin and Ron found him. Well when they came in he was placing equal amounts of the cooked food on plates.

“Harry, where did all this food come from? Did you cook this?” Remus asked quietly.

“From the refrigerator and the cabinets,” Harry replied truthfully as he looked at them in confusion. “And yes I did,”

“But why did you cook it? Firstly, how in the heck do you know how to cook?” Ron asked curiously.

“I always made breakfast at the Durselys,” Harry told them honestly; with a bit of pride in his tone

“Does Snape know that?” Ron asked quietly.

“I don’t know,” Harry replied thoughtfully. “I think so, he knows a lot of stuff, things I don’t remember telling him,”

“Hmm, well I'll tell him anyways, just to be sure,” Remus told him as they sat down for breakfast and started eating.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The morning hours passed by quickly and soon found Harry and Ron retreating outside to enjoy the cool weather. Harry wasn’t sure why Paddy seemed to prefer Professor Lupin's company, but that was fine with him. The dog was too overprotective of him that it got kind of annoying after a moment, especially if he wanted to do something but but not necessarily considered safe. He got on his bike and gestured to Ron to so the same as they took off on them. First they rode around the house before venturing down the street, before just deciding to ride around the block. They didn’t the man would mind as every time they passed the house, he would see Paddy giving a small bark out to them. Harry was extremely happy at this point.

Remus shook his head at Sirius, as the Padfoot barked out the window. He had to do an errand and he didn't want to bring the boys with him to the ministry of magic. He needed to go deliver his statements for Sirius's upcoming trial. Amelia Bones had figured that Sirius would contact Remus first and she wanted to talk about what to do if he did approach him. Remus was waiting until the exact date of Sirius's court date before he would risk his friend going out. He sighed as he looked at the vial and letter. Basically he only had to drop it off and thought he knew he wouldn’t take that long he was of course apprehensive and worried.

“Alright Sirius, I'll be right back, I need to drop something off at the ministry,” Remus told him as he headed to his fireplace.

“That's a bad idea Remus,” Sirius said as he transformed. “Just owl it to her. You and I both know you cannot leave the boys here alone. If all else fails and she has to see you, just tell her to come here,” he pointed out.

“That's an even better idea, thanks Sirius. I'll owl her right now,” Remus said as he hurried into his room to package of the contents of the letter.

Sirius grinned to himself before he turned back into Padfoot and padded outside to where the boys are. He wasn’t sure how long he stayed outside with them, only that Remus interrupted them a few hours later for lunch before they went back out again. This time however Sirius stayed inside with Remus, wanting to be a part of the meeting that would occur in an hour or so.

“So the meeting shouldn’t last more then an hour or so,” Remus told him as he straightened up the place a bit.

“Alright, well the boys are content outside riding their bikes again. And I set out a couple of snacks and drinks so they wont have to come in for them,” Sirius told him.

Remus gave the man a look but didn’t otherwise express his displeasure about Sirius being out of Padfoot form where the boys could come and catch him. They didn’t have time for that.

“Alright, well you better transform,” Remus said as he left the kitchen to get the tea ready. He hesitated as he passed the front door, knowing that the boys were out there. But he didn’t want them to disturb the meeting not to mention, hear something they weren't supposed to so he flicked the lock on the door and headed into the sitting room as if nothing happened.

The meeting lasted well over 3 hours, but Remus knew that this information couldn’t be rushed. He listened attentively when Amelia spoke, never giving much thought to the boys outside.

Harry and Ron had tried early on to open the door, only when they found themselves locked out.

“Well, why do you think he did that?” Harry asked frowning.

“Probably because he's talking to Amelia Bones,” Ron told him from where he was on the side of the house. He could see them but he couldn’t here them.

“Whose she? Is she related to Susan?” Harry asked curiously.

“That's her Aunt,” Ron told him.

Harry nodded before he gestured to Ron and they returned to their bikes. They didn’t stop ridung until they got thirsty and was relieved to find a pitcher of cold tea on the porch along with some sandwiches.

Ron took a seat next to his friend and munched down on them; while Harry basically tried to drown himself in the tea from how fast he was drinking. He refrained from saying anything, knowing that was just end in an argument. As childish as Harry sometimes acted, he was still 13 and could punch just as hard. He ignored it as he ate his cookie.

Harry wasn’t sure how long it had been. They had gotten back on their bikes after their snack but he was having trouble. He probably shouldn’t have drank all of that tea, even if it had been good and cold. He frowned before looking over to his friend who was trying to do a wheelie on his bike.

“Ron?” Harry asked softly.

“What is it mate?” He asked in returned, slowing so he could turn to look at his friend.

“I need to use the toilet,” Harry confessed.

Ron frowned, before sighing. “I knew you would,” he murmured before turning around.

“What do you mean?” Harry asked, his brow furrowing in his confusion.

“You drank a lot of tea,” Ron said shrugging as they rode back to the house.

Harry didn’t answer, just jumping off his bike the minute they entered the yard and ran to the door. He pulled on the handle, and twisted it, only to find it still locked. He jumped up and down desperately doing a potty dance in front of the door before he knocked on it, unaware of the silencing charm in place as Remus had seen Ron in the window earlier..

“It's locked,” Harry told him urgently.

Ron sighed before looking around and pointing. “Go use the tree,” he told him.

“What? Are you crazy? You'll know he'll get mad,” Harry said horrified.

“Who cares, I'll handle him and so will your dad. Use the bloody tree,” Ron told him firmly.

Harry nodded before he hurried over to the tree in the middle of the backyard and got himself out and started to relieve himself. He had only just started when he heard the door opening and Professor Lupin's voice.

“Alright there Harry? Sorry about the locked door,” Remus told him apologetically.

“It's okay,” Harry replied softly his eyes focused on his stream.

“Well you finish, and then come inside and finish packing your stuff. Severus should be here in the next hour or so,” Remus said.

Harry nodded as he finished up, and with Ron led their bikes into the house as they got ready to go home.

