Waiting all day – and anyhow a little longer

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-10-29 16:43

Waiting all day – and anyhow a little longer

We met on Friday after work, Sheena had been holding back her pee all day at work as usual, because she never uses public toilets, no matter how bad her bladder insists.

Sheena told me that she had to go to the bathroom really urgently today, because it was one of her colleagues birthday and they had had some drinks during their lunch break. And because she had a dry mouth afterwards, Sheena drank 2 bottles of mineral water in the afternoon, in addition to all the coffee she had already drunk during the day...

I've known Sheena for 5 years now and it wasn't often, that she was in such a hurry just after work. So I told Sheena, her bladder needed a little training to better solve birthdays like this! And Sheena agreed with a groan.

We walked home that cold winter evening and after half an hour she asked me to take a cab, because she was freezing in her short skirt – and her bladder was protesting even more...!

Anyway, Sheena stemmed the tide and held back her pee until the wave subsided a bit. She smiled at me and pulled me in for a kiss. "I'll hold it all in as long as you tell me to!", she moaned under her breath and again anyhow smiled.

"No, you're a good fighter and your bladder is getting its training lesson now!", I told Sheena and she just looked back very pained and I knew she was absolutely desperate, even if she never showed it (except at home). And I also knew that today she was wearing her new high heels and this time they were even 6" heels instead of her normal 5" height. Sheena loves 4'' to 5", but she can even handle 6" for about 20 minutes. Today she wore them all day and actually she even walked on them for a little over half an hour – just for me. Sheena always walked really elegantly even on the highest heels – and even if her calves got cramped after very long walks with me, which were way too fast for such shoes. Actually, we didn't go home at all and Sheena had noticed that – she looked really desperate now.

After an hour's walk we reached a nice pub. I visited the toilets – and Sheena, who never used public bathrooms, was in a really bad situation, but she just sat down and crossed her legs tightly.

When I came back, she was very quiet and staring at the wall, her face a little pale. But when she recognized me, she smiled at me and whispered: "You're right, my bladder really needs a training lesson! I'm really struggling to go just one day without peeing."

We each drank 3 pints and Sheena seemed to really struggle now, so we headed home around 8:30 pm. Another hour of walking and it had gotten even a little colder. Sheena was really freezing now in her short skirt, but walked beside me silently. I could hear her thighs rubbing together with each step, but she still walked neatly. Her body was trembling and often she gasped sharply, but that was all. She held my hand, partly squeezed it in her effort to hold her pee and to walk so fast on her extreme stilettos – and on her heels so high, she was fighting to walk as fast as me all the time.

When we got home, Sheena looked at me silently, but I went into the bathroom first. She leaned against the wall in frustration as I entered the bathroom she had so desperately and desperately needed for nearly all day. When I came out, Sheena was bent over, and had to fight back her pee with all her power. I saw her questioning eyes and just shook my head: "Remember the lesson for your bladder!". Sheena almost cried, but nodded and crossed her legs even tighter.

We sat down on the couch and watched TV. I felt that Sheena was fighting really very hard next to me all the time. Sheena was a good fighter and I didn't know her like this in trouble, but she bravely endured this situation and waited until bedtime.

Sheena undressed, came to bed with her now visibly bulging bladder and caressed me. I palpated her bladder, which caused sweet Sheena great pain, but she did not protest. I could see her enduring struggle and knew, it must be horrible for her, if she acted as desperate as she was now. She must be frantic for hours now or she would have been able to completely hide her desperation. Poor Sheena, but she loved forcing her bladder into ever higher degrees of exercise under dangerous pressure.

And she loved it when I encouraged her to stretch her belly beyond its limits. Her last friends had not liked her holding her overfilled bladder, nor had he liked her walking in short skirts on high heels. She loved me for accepting her strange habits, and I loved her for her strong bladder, her extreme power and her so sexy body, for her ability to walk properly on such extreme heels – as well as her lovely mind. And I loved pushing her to ever higher levels, as long as she stayed dry and her kidneys stayed healthy.

Sheena seemed kind of weak today, but then she told me that she couldn't sleep with that full bladder – and that she was actually still holding back her morning pee. That was the secret...!!!

So I let Sheena ave a pee, but I didn't give her the measuring container when I did that, just a big cup to fill once. I could see Sheena's exhausted face, her wide eyes and all her panic, when she heard that, but she agreed and tried starting to pee. Nothing came at first – her sphincter was just too cramped to let go after a little over 24 hours and all the birthday drinks, the water bottles and 3 pints in the evening.

After about 10 minutes Sheena started to pee, her stream quickly became stronger and then she had to squeeze it off – not to overfill the cup. "Quick!", she shouted under her breath, but I just shook my head. "No, it's enough! Now you will be able to fall asleep with the rest of the pee inside you!"

Sheena looked like she was in a horror movie, but didn't even try to veto.

She had to struggle hard for about 20 minutes, then the wave subsided and Sheena fell asleep exhausted. Her bladder still protruded about 2.5", but Sheena was a woman who had lived with a bursting bladder for so many years, so she was able to fall asleep within the next quarter hour, anyway.

About 2 hours later, Sheena was still asleep, moaning in her restless and turbulent dreams, her body fidgeting constantly. She seemed to be dreaming of a dangerously overfilled bladder, but she was familiar with this situation and she slept through without just waking up even once, anyhow.

When I woke up in the morning, Sheena was already awake, but she refused to move until she realized that I was awake too. Then she started to move like crazy. She squeezed her trembling thighs together with all her might, held her hands between her legs and her red, sweating face looked completely exhausted. This was my Sheena, she could fight like an animal and she really loved me, just like I loved her.

"Please get out of bed – quickly!", she yelled. She had the place against the wall and was no longer able to move over me without losing her extreme load...!

"Not like that!", I told to my Supergirl, "you are a grown woman and you can fight as I know you can, so keep your pee inside today and show me you are tough!" Sheena panicked and almost lost control, her body was in rage and turmoil, her bladder was now trying to get rid of the overload of fluid with hard spasms, Sheena looked high pregnant and seemed to be in labour – near the end of a birthing period – but at anyhow after half an hour she regained control of her bladder. "Pete, I can't hold this much all day today!", she moaned, her face contorted into a grimace of sheer agony and her desperation was really too much to watch actually... – even for me...!

"No! - You'll definitely have to make it! - You've solved every task I'd given you before!", I had to overcome my inhibitions, but Sheena had to get over herself and keep her temper and to exceed beyond her highest limits.

I put my arms around poor Sheena and caressed her, she didn't refuse, but she seemed hot – just unable to to agree into sex with this overwhelming pain and the worst struggle. Her bladder was now sticking out about 4" and was rock hard, her overstretched skin was white, the balloon of her bladder stretching from hip to hip and from her public bone to her ribs. It looked dangerous, and I've never seen Sheena act so frantic, no chance to hide any of her sheer desperation and extreme pain, anyway she was holding back her pee under an unimaginable and dangerous pressure.

I took a flannel and carefully washed my Sheena, trying to wash off her sweat, but it came anew every second. The wet flannel almost made her collapse, the slight pressure on her bulging bladder made her scream and cry so desperately, that I stopped acting. Oh God, what must she endure actually – I've never seen this bravely fighting sexy lady like this before!

Then her wave of pain subsided a little again. Sheena looked like she was in orgasm, but I knew it was a tightrope walk at her extreme limit the whole time.

I lay down close to my Sheena and then surprisingly put my head on her rock hard protruding bladder-balloon. Sheena screamed piercingly in extreme pain, had no breath left to scream and grabbed my head, then stopped moving. It was absolutely silent, nothing moved anymore, then she accepted my head on her almost exploding overfilled bladder and caressed my hair. What a woman...!

I couldn't resist and now and then I pressed my head onto her bladder, but Sheena accepted everything and anyhow still didn't lose control, even though she was struggling excessively and her body was in such an extreme situation, that anything could happen at any time.

After an hour of pushing her from one extreme to the next, I started kissing Sheena and then slowly moved over her, first keeping my weight off her body, then putting more and more weight onto her. She said nothing, no scream, no movement, only her eyes were as wide open as I had ever seen them before... Sheena was still holding back her pee, nothing bad was happening and I was pushing more and more my weight on her. Her body started to cramp with full force, her arms held me tight and in these cramps she pressed me onto herself with her full force – her body was out of control – it was really dangerous – her force was painful even for me – her sphincter stayed closed and her body was trembling, pressing and pushing me onto her bladder with full force and more...

As her arms began to weaken, Sheena let me stay on her bladder, which had been able to hold that extra force for many minutes. Her breathing was heavy, tears were coming and her trembling arms – now under her control – were holding me tight! Sheena loved me so much, that she accepted this inhumanly exaggerated pain to hold me tight...!

I stayed on Sheena’s belly, could feel her hard bladder muscles, holding my thighs between hers and could feel her pussy’s, her labia pulling up every few seconds, cramping on and on and on.…

A new extreme wave came and Sheena was still holding her pee inside and I was lying on her overstretched bladder with my full weight. Then it overcame me and I started to push my cock between her legs. Sheena still anyhow solved to open her legs wider and let me in. Every movement resulted in a terrible action of her screaming bladder, we had overdone it – and … didn't stop! Sheena's so extremely hard fighting body still remained under control anyhow and she held her pee in her inflated and ballooned bladder. Sheena endured this for about half an hour and then broke down crying, trembling and shaking, but her tortured looking eyes were full of love...!

Then I took care of Sheena until she had recovered a little – if that was possible at all in such an extreme situation.

It was now Saturday, in the afternoon Sheena had to get up and put on a loose skirt and – yes, her 6" high stiletto heels. She longed for the toilet, was dying for the loo, but did not demand it. Sheena was an extreme and exaggerated fighter, she knew her task would not end so soon!

At midnight we went outside again, walking through the cold night, Sheena's body cramped, she doubled over every few steps, her legs cramped, her thighs and calves, and she silently cried, but under her tears she told me she for me would hold it until morning and probably noon. She looked at me bravely – and I just told her, "No, you will hold out until Sunday night – until midnight!"

Now Sheena's nerves gave in, she was trembling all over and crying, she crouched down, fell to the side, her hands reached between her legs, she held her crotch – but then she moaned: "OK, I'll do it and I'll wear my tight skirt and my training corset – for you!"

[note: training corsets are made to build a wasp waist]

Then Sheena woke up, it was Saturday morning and I was lying next to her...!

Sheena moaned in sheer pain as she felt the fullness of her bladder and tried to stand up. I gently touched her distended – no ballooned belly and she screamed in her extreme pain! "I'll hold it in all weekend – for you!", Sheena whispered under her heavy breath. "Let's go over the top, go over the limits, let's overdo it, exaggerate it, and let's have sex anyway!", whispered Sheena ecstatically and I knew, if she was able to, she would try to solve this!

In fact, actually she held back in her pee for 36 hours, except for one cup, which yes, she let out to be able to sleep at night...

Maybe we will go to the sea and spend a sailing weekend – the water making sounds corresponding to her bladder.

Maybe we will go hiking in the mountains, with a heavy backpack – the belt pressing and massaging her bladder.

Maybe we'll party in the evening and dance the night away until Sunday – drinking more, probably high diuretic drinks.

Maybe we'll really try to have sex – on top of Sheena‘s so extremely overfilled bladder.

But I definitely know: Sheena will go to her absolute limits – and she will manage everything she tries.

&&

Edited October 29, 2021 by Peter-P (see edit history)

*002*2021-10-30 20:39

This story is written and completed

A few more to come.

&&

*004*2021-10-31 16:17

{{2 hours ago, Holdon said:

Is this based on a real expeeience? Such a woman would deserve a medal after such an ordeal!

Saying that I did see a profile, alas long defunct, of a woman who wanted to go out drinking with a man, where she would not use a loo the whole evening, and wanted him to be proud of her swelling bladder.

}}

Sorry, Holdon, but if you ask a direct question you get an open answer: this story is pure fiction.

You can lookup the right area of my profile "About Me".

There you will find the links to all my stories I published here – the real experiences on top and below the fiction stories.

Have some fun reading whatever of the stories you like

Edited October 31, 2021 by Peter-P (see edit history)

*006*2021-11-06 00:13

{{35 minutes ago, HoldingPrinces said:

What a control.. What a discipline. What a love.. This girl is a real heroine. Definitely she deserves a man like you

}}

@HoldingPrinces

That is a lovely answer to my story!

I believe you are on the best way to become able to fulfill even my phantasy story in real life...!

Just to imagine, that you are really able to even dance after holding a bursting bladder all day...!

This is a heroine's deed - a real exploit, not just a fancy dream, born in my brain cells

