A Long Night in Moscow

Author: Guest Ella-Ella

*000*2011-07-28 09:01

Whew, this is my first story in a while...hope it turned out okay! This fic has male desperation, wetting and bedwetting (featuring Russia from Hetalia. Poor guy, I do love to torture him.)

###

It was nearly midnight and Russia was almost drunk. Almost. It took an absurdly large amount of vodka to get him truly drunk, but he had still consumed a great deal to get to his current tipsy state. All that liquid was beginning to collect in his bladder at a startling speed. Of course, now he was on the bus home, with no restrooms in sight. He could have used the one back at the bar, but he hadn't really needed to go back then. It was strange; he felt so sure that he had already arrived home and gone to bed for some reason, but that couldn't be right. He was still on the bus. It must have just been his imagination and the alcohol, making him confused.

Russia moaned softly under his breath, hopefully too quiet for any of the other bus riders to notice, and squeezed his thighs together, curling his toes in his boots. This wasn't just some nagging sensation anymore. He had to pee. He really, truly had to pee and oh, why hadn't he gone back at the bar?! Many things about Russia were large, including his bladder. He could put off taking a pee for a long time, but when the need finally caught up with him he so often ended up getting horribly desperate. Of course, he was a man. He could handle it and hold it in just fine...most of the time. He most certainly wasn't going to wet himself on a bus full of people!

He bit his lip, crossed his legs, uncrossed them, squirmed in place. Every bump in the road seemed to jolt his bladder. He could almost imagine all the liquid inside, filling him up to the brim, making his bladder pulse and spasm as it was just about to burst-...no no no! Russia clenched his fists, tensing his muscles as hard as he could, but it wasn't quite enough. He felt a small, sudden gush of warmth spreading across his underwear. His hands flew down to his groin, squeezing himself tightly to cut off the flow. His pants felt horribly damp below his hands, and he was suddenly very glad to be wearing a long coat. It would hide any...leaks from his fellow passengers (and housemates once he got home. He couldn't imagine the embarrassment of being caught with wet pants by one of his sisters. Ukraine took care of him when he had accidents as a child, but he was much too old for that now!)

Even still, the coat wouldn't be enough if he lost all control and wet himself fully, and that was still a very real risk. His bladder was starting to spasm periodically, setting his nerves on fire with constant urgent pangs and the overwhelming need to let go. Another wave of desperation swept over him and he began to leak again, a weak little trickle that he almost wasn't able to stop. The wet spot on his pants felt very large now, and his face was turning red from the strain and embarrassment.

He needed to get off the bus, now. It was still too far from home, but it didn't matter. It would be better to walk the long way back to his house than pee his pants in front of a dozen other people. He pulled the chain to stop, squirming frantically as the bus finally slowed to let him off. He had to shuffle and hobble on his way out, afraid that he would finally lose control if he moved too fast.

He managed to hold on as he left the bus, but as soon as the bus began to pull away he felt his control slipping. His bladder seemed willing to release itself as soon as he was alone (and thank goodness the street was empty at this time of night) and to his horror, he felt the warmth gathering at his groin again and starting to spread. He pushed his hands around his cock again, but even that wasn't enough to make himself stop. He could feel the flow increasing, running down his pant legs and dripping off his clenching hands as the last bits of his control crumbled. Frantically he bolted for an alley, fumbling his fly down and struggling to pull out his still wetting cock. 

Finally he was able to free himself, aim at the brick wall and let go. His pants were soaking wet by now, but it hardly seemed to matter anymore. The raw relief almost made Russia's knees weak, and he forced himself to swallow back a moan. It felt so good, so good to finally relax...and it didn't matter that his pants were wet, surely they would dry on the way home! But something wasn't right. It was strange that the street was so empty of people, and it was strange that he felt he had already arrived home, and it was strange that...that he could still feel more warm liquid soaking into his pants...

Russia woke with a start, eyes flying open to meet the plain ceiling above him. He was at home, in his own bed...and he was wetting himself. His pajamas were already soaked and he could feel a huge wet spot below him on the bed, and still his bladder continued to empty uncontrollably. He groaned softly in shame, reaching down to try to squeeze and make it stop, but no amount of pressure made any difference. There was the throb behind his eyes of a mild hangover from last night at the bar, and his body still felt heavy with sleep. 

He closed his eyes tightly, bit his lip and stopped trying to hold back. The bed was already wet, so why not just finish? The warmth, the tickle of flowing liquid against his legs was almost pleasant in a strange way, embarrassing was it was. He sighed in relief as his bladder finally emptied itself entirely. He really shouldn't have enjoyed such a thing at all, but it felt so good to let everything go...but now he had a huge mess to hide before anyone noticed.

It was difficult to strip the bed when he still felt so dizzy, but he managed to finish most of the job when, to his horror, he heard a knock at the bedroom door.

“Sir?” Lithuania's voice sounded from outside. “Are you awake? It's almost ten, and I-”

“I-I am fine!” Russia stammered, tugging off the sheets the rest of the way. He could hide those...but what about the bed? There was still a large wet stain on the mattress. “D-don't come in, I'm awake-” he began, but too late, the door was already opening.

“Are you feeling well?” Lithuania asked as he stepped in, against the larger man's wishes. “You sound a little...” He voice trailed off, and Russia could see that he had noticed the bed. “Oh,” he said awkwardly. “Sir, did you...um...again? This is the third time this month-”

“You will tell no one about this,” Russia snarled in his most intimidating voice.

“Of course not,” Lithuania sighed wearily. “You can leave the sheets here. I'll take care of them like usual. I-I suppose you should have a shower now?”

Russia nodded grudgingly, trying not to pout and fighting back a blush as he trudged to the bathroom. Of course Lithuania would keep his secret, but why did he always have to catch Russia at the most embarrassing times? It wasn't fair at all.

“Um, sir?” Lithuania called after him. “This is...er, just a suggestion, but maybe if you were more careful about how much you drink before bed, you wouldn't have this problem so often...?”

Russia just growled and slammed the bathroom door shut.

