The New Move

Author: dodedrea

*000*2013-05-17 14:56

> Story request by Krystal, for all idea credit, hope you enjoy!

> Third part is here: A Taste of Revenge

> Second part is here: The Troublesome Task

###

The high school’s notorious clock tower rang in the foggy morning with its low and ominous droll. The fog seemingly dulled the noise, the warning bell ten minutes before classes started. It was a dreary morning, with blurry figures only being revealed from the concealment a few feet in front of one’s own face. The students shifted towards the building’s entrances, the distant individual shadows melding into one. The lanterns outside of the bricked building served as a sort of lighthouse for the students in this gloomy autumn morning. Unfamiliar with the school, Lillie fumbled in search of the main entrance, poking around to try and regain her bearings with a minute map.

A few beads of sweat anxiously dabbled the young girl’s forehead, plastering several stray blonde hairs to her head. She only had a simple ten minutes to find the entrance and the room where her English class awaited. It was a particularly humid day, but the unease of her first day in this high school made the sophomore so edgy she could scarce keep still. A stray drop of sweat snaked its way down her cheek, but the young girl quickly mops it up with her sleeve. She adjusts the cross-patterned green hairband on her head, ensuring the orange tiger lily was still tucked in the side. Some thought of it as immature, but it meant a great deal to her and soon became one of her quirks.

A pang of concern caused the mousy girl to blindly stumble into another person, their details quickly refining into another female student. ‘Oof!’, within an instant, the two were on the ground in a tangle of limbs. A new level of panic shot through Lillie, scrambling to assist the girl in getting up and gathering her things.

“I’m sor- I’m so so so sorry! I’m new here and thought I would be late and I woke up late and thought the teachers would hate me if-“.

Two notebooks and a few papers of the victim lay sprawled out in the grass and walkway, only to be scooped up by a very apologetic Lillie. The embarrassed girl nervously brushes back her long blonde hair, waiting for a response from the now disheveled student. A minute sting of pain struck her scratched hand, but she disregarded it to ensure everything else was fine. Her mandatory black school uniform jacket and white shirt below were a little ruffled, but nothing a quick adjustment couldn’t fix.

The petite girl rose from the ground now adorned with a few scrapes on her knees.

“No! Don’t worry about it, I was just caught up in my thoughts, I shouldn’t have been just standing in the way like that. I’m Jena, don’t think I’ve seen you around before?” She politely brushes a patch of dirt from her grey skirt and corrects the wrongdoings of her short dark hair. With a limited hairstyle, it was only a second of brushing her hair to one side before she felt satisfied with it. The smaller framed girl glanced up with soft, friendly yellow eyes, revealing the sincerity in her words.

Lillie’s eyes drifted towards the scrapes on the small girl’s legs and cringes at the discomfort she put this girl through. “I’m... Lillie. Just moved into town last week.” Her lively emerald eyes meekly peered towards the ground below to break eye contact. It was pretty obvious she was mortified to hurt someone so soon after her beginning. “... Today’s actually my first day.”

Jena’s face was overtaken by a comforting smile, “Oh! Welcome then, what year?” She began to pace forward slowly with first block so imminent and Lillie mimicked.

“Sophomore”, muttered the blonde girl, almost as if bothered by it.

The petite girl paused, almost as if pondering it for a moment, “Nothing to be ashamed about, I’m only a junior.”

The booming school bell gave another single heavy chime, sending the small girl off in a hurry.

“Crap! Have to get going, class is on the other side of the building, see ya around Lillie!”

“S-sorry again, bye!”, the words clumsily left her mouth.

In a bound of good fortunate, Jena had led the confused sophomore up the main entrance and her first class was only a short stroll down the hall. The school was more up-to-date than her previous, with freshly tiled floors and a crisp modern feel to it all. Lillie gingerly took a seat towards the back of her first class. The first class of the day went by without issue, a tentatively bland and dry course with a healthy amount of homework to go with it. Secretly Lillie enjoyed the dated literary works they were covering, but it would be the last thing she would ever tell anyone.

Her stomach churned as the sophomore peered down at the schedule in her hands, with second block gym following up her english course. Gym had never been her strong point other than swimming, so this was easily her most dreaded part of the day other than the stark awkwardness of finding a table at lunch. Lillie made her way loathsomely to the gymnasium, shuffling her way through the crowded hallway in between classes.

The young girl opens up the set of thick wooden doors, revealing the expansive gym and a group of students all seated in the center. It was probably going to be the usual first day of gym, covering the course and what would be expected of them. Lillie took a seat towards the back of group, only to soon after spot the familiar form and dark hair of Jena. She muddles her way towards the girl, an acquaintance in a sea of unknown faces.

“Oh, you’re in my gym class? I thought you were a junior?”, the whisper was almost difficult to make out, the blonde-haired girl trying to not interrupt the gym teacher’s syllabus.

“Sometimes they mix classes up for gym and art classes, but hey! At least there’s one sophomore out of this whole group that I know.”, the yellow eyes of Jena scanned the group, only recognizing a person or two from the grade below her.

The remainder of the period was uneventful, Jena and Lillie exchanged a few words here and there to distract from the dry material of the course description.

Lillie’s classes went by quickly, meeting a few other peers and trying to familiarize herself with the day-to-day schedule. It was a change enough with how much more hustle and bustle there was here compared to her own high school. There should could probably name a grand majority of the students in the same grade and even a good amount in the entire school. It was a finite adjustment for her with an overall different lifestyle there. The sophomore shyly introduced herself to a few, but still felt that invisible strain of being an out-of-towner.

The next few weeks went by uneventfully, the petite girl buzzing about her academics and familiarizing herself with this strange town. Lillie acquainted herself with a few peers, but ultimately felt ostracized for being the new student, almost grouped in with the freshmen.

The trouble started on a brisk autumn Friday, their class was set to play volleyball inside the vast gymnasium. Lillie and Jena were chatting in the lockerroom about the upcoming weekend.

“So, wanna head into town for a bit after school? Around 5 if you’re open?”, Jena extended the invite towards the still awkward sophomore.

Lillie had to veil her excitement, for she really had a friend at the school now, it was a start. The two had been growing closer over the past few weeks and made the move that much less intimidating. It was a lonely start here, but the blonde-haired girl was starting to warm up to the town.

“Sure! I’ll head home and then walk on over after, meet you at Clark's?” A small diner in town made its home as their meeting place.

The gym class started out ordinarily, a quick drill and lesson about proper technique for serving in volleyball, then making teams. They split off into groups and started to form the teams. Lillie was agile enough, but just lacking that spot of hand-eye coordination that makes a great volleyball player. The small girl had rotated to the back row and spotted a high flyer coming towards and poised for the return. She forms her arms low and moves in, but staggers on one of her teammates’ shoes, stumbling into a fall. The blonde-hair falls into her eyes as she fumbles forward, her arms wildly clutching for something to spare her the tumble.

Instinctively she feels contact with something, but still manages to land clumsily to the hardwood floor with a thud, a heavy pain hitting her knees and elbows. Still coming to, she hears an immense gasp and an eerie silence overtake the whole gym. No just the other team was staring at her, but the whole class. Time seemingly stood still, but after a moment Lillie realized they weren’t looking at her, but at something else. She slowly looks up to see the bare flesh of her peer, Lindsay, and the now askew gym shorts and panties, about halfway down her legs.

In a shrill scream, the girl in front of her scrambles her hands downwards to cover herself up, bringing her clothes back up in matter of seconds. Frantically she tried to conceal her now revealed womanhood. The boys around were almost all smirking, exceptions only being those shyly turned away with blushed faces. Lillie’s terrified green eyes peer up to make contact with an infuriated set of blue eyes accompanied by tears. “I’ll get you back for this, I swear.” The girl, sobbing, sprints back towards the lockerroom.

The gym teacher calms down the class as Lillie follows momentarily behind to apologize and ask if there’s anything she can do. She felt so bad, her clumsiness always caused so much trouble. Even worse yet, when Lillie entered the lockerroom, it was completely empty. She didn’t see the girl the rest of the class and carried her guilt the rest of the day.

The remainder of the day she set to seeking out the girl she had wronged, but with no avail. The day came to a close as the last class let out and students piled into the hallways. It was a Friday afternoon, so the students were in more of a frenzy than usual. Lillie stood at her locker, stuffing her backpack with whichever books she needed for the weekend. Just as she was about to zip up her bag, a realization dawned on her. The green notebook with her notes for test on Monday wasn’t there. She sifted through the contents of her locker, interrupted by the girl from gym class. Lillie didn’t know much about her, only that she was a rather shy girl, played on the soccer team, and made Lillie feel terribly out of shape. The sophomore started, her built up guilt making its way out of her mouth, “I’m so sorry, I swear. I tripped and fell and didn’t mean to. At all, seriously.”

The girl’s sapphire eyes shifted from Lille’s open locker to Lillie, “It’s okay, I’m sure no one will remember on Monday.” There was a residual sense of sarcasm in her voice. “I did see your one notebook on the bench though, you had your name written in the front. I would’ve grabbed it, but I didn’t know where your locker was. I was on my way to the bus and I saw you and thought I’d let you know. Have a good weekend.”

"Thanks... bye.", Lillie managed to say before the girl vanished. With as quickly as she appeared, she was gone.

The whole thing really put Lillie in a strange mood, but she needed that notebook and set off to snag it before the buses left. She closed her locker, accidentally leaving her bag to grab on the way back. She found the lockerroom door was unlocked thankfully and with a decent effort, forces the door open. As the girl had said, her green notebook was waiting inside.

The heavy weighted door eases itself backwards as soon as she let it go. Lillie was heading to grab the book she had so neglectfully left in the lockerroom, then off to her eagerly-awaited weekend. A few paces into her stride, the wooden door emitted a heavy ‘clack’ noise. Thinking nothing of it beyond the metal piece making contact, the blonde-haired girl spies her notebook waiting dead ahead and bounds off to grab it. She could still easily make the bus after this impromptu errand, so there was no cause for concern. Lillie scoops it up and gingerly holds it to her chest and begins to make her way towards the door. With her mind wandering off to her agenda for the weekend, her thoughts are interrupted by a harsh ‘clack’, by no mistake the door being forcefully locked.

A stiffened panic set throughout the girl and sent a churning feeling to her stomach. The frightened sophmore sprints to door and furiously pulls at the handle, only to feel the expected resistance. The thick wooden door stubbornly stood unmoved, clearly locked. After a few more futile attempts to open the door, she began to pound on it with her fists while crying out for help. It was a solid 15 minutes before she realized this might not be the Friday afternoon she had been hoping for. Not only was she going to have to call home to be picked up from school because she missed the bus, but also when would she even get out? A desperate cry left her mouth and the scared girl could feel tears begin to well up in her emerald eyes.

Defeated, she sat on the bench in between the lockers. Her phone was in her backpack and her backpack was in her normal locker, not her gym locker. Every 5 minutes she would go and yell for help and give the door several forceful hits, but all to no avail. A grim idea of having to spend the night and starve here made her begin to sob again. The time was also a test on her now irritating urge to use the bathroom. The lockerroom was seperated into two sections, the lockers and then the bathrooms and showers. Lillie tries the other door to the bathrooms and showers, only to find it locked as well.

Her stomach lets out a tortured gurgle, the rumble setting an uncomfortable strain on her urge to pee. She uneasily shifts while seated on the bench, trying to figure out just how she could get someone’s attention. Another half an hour passes, with her body pressing her for relief and for some form of food.

Lillie lets out a distressed whimper, only greeted by the echoing response in the locker room. She rests one hand on top of her pulsing bladder, while her other tries to hold it all in. A numbing sensation slowly was overtaking her lower body, causing the petite girl to wince for a moment. She hastily paces about the empty locker room, tugging on random lockers to see if she could find anything to relieve herself in. A lunchbox? A coffee mug? A bag even? The sophmore is only left with tightly sealed lockers, making her panic increase. A few stray beads of sweat begin to form on her forehead, her mind racing and trying to figure out a solution for her.

A churning builds in her stomach as she realizes she might have to pee on the white tiled floor of the empty locker room. The bathrooms and showers were only one thick locked wooden door away, teasing her poor body. A stray trail of wee snakes its way down the tortured girl’s leg, causing her to peer down to see in her good fortune that none of it showed. The tickling sensation down her leg drives Lillie crazy and almost over the edge, had it not been for her strong will. The poor girl freezes up, feeling the first drop making contact with her white knee-high socks. The tormented sophmore feels her full bladder harshly pressing on the waistline of her dark grey trousers. In order to alleviate some of the pressure, Lillie slips one hand up to aptly undo the button, quickly giving her expanded bladder some freedom. While it was a splendid little relief, the spurt she had lost earlier was nothing but a tease.

The frighetened girl gives a solid pound on the thick wooden door, but the effort causes another small spurt of pee to sneak its way out of her. Instantly she feels her striped panties re-dampen and the warmth spread outwards a little more.

“P-please! Someone l-let me out!!”

The blonde-haired girl’s voice trails off and her words became more personal, “I r--really really need to pee.”

It was lucky she was alone, at least she could hold herself and move around to try and distract herself. She dare not do that in public, for sake of anyone else seeing, but she was in her own privacy right now. At this point, the young girl was resorting to dancing in place, trying to hold back the impending flow. Her bladder was still so strongly pushing on her waistline, causing tears to well up in her soft green eyes. A sharp terrified gasp leaves the small girl, feeling a powerful spurt sneak its way past her control.

“No, no, no, no n-n-n-n-n-nooooo.”

Her hands clumsily fumble with her zipper below the button on the front of her pants, unable to stand still and undo it. The fumbling causes a sharp dark line to form along her right leg, the warm pee once again snaking down her leg. The dark spot creeps its way outwards, showing without doubt she was slowly peeing herself. Spurt after short spurt leaves Lillie until she successfully gets her pants halfway down her legs. Her grey trousers cling tightly to her legs from the spurts and she peers down to notice the large dark patch on her yellow-and-white striped panties.

It was then her control completely leaves her, the stream increasing in strength. The first solitary burst of urine goes downwards to her already wet trousers at her knees, quickly being absorbed by the material. She helplessly lets out another groan and leans back in a feeble attempt to get her trousers the remainder of the way down, her stream of pee arcs a little to spatter noisily against the locker in front of the sophmore. Lillie cringes at the sensation of her hot pee partially reflecting off of the locker and splashing back on her, but the battle had been lost. The pent-up pee quickly pools at her feet at the base of the locker and spreads outwards. A heavy defeated sigh comes from the humiliated girl as it pours out of her in increasing force.

The pulse in her chest felt erratic and untimely, her anxiety increasing as the liquid continuously flows out of her. The base of the red gym locker loudly echoed the stream in the vacant lockerroom, making her face turn a deep beet red akin to the locker. She was alone in her accident, but the shame and humiliation still lingered.

The young girl haphazardly takes her discarded pair of pants and tries to mop up her mess. The pee hastily saturates the grey pants, darkening and making the balled up cloth slightly heavier. It was a fruitless effort that halved the size of the puddle, but now only left Lillie with a bigger problem. The sophomore gingerly steps out of her soaked panties and ungraciously drops them into the puddle below, making the girl cringe at the sound of contact. Standing there now naked from the waist below, she feels the cool air make her aware just how extensive her wetting was. A shiver overtakes her, jolting her to quickly open her locker and slip into her yellow gym shorts.

Patiently seated and still shaken from her mishap, Lillie clutches tightly to the textbook, holding it against her chest. In an unsteady pattern, the sophomore taps her left foot while eagerly waiting to be freed. The worry of being stuck in the lockerroom all night was not a concern of hers, for the janitors always made their rounds before closing the school up for the night. Lillie gives a meek calling outside, “Hello? Anyone?”, with the only response being her echo.

It was a good thirty minutes until the distressed girl heard anything. She quickly puts her ear to the door and hears the approach of a set of feet, finally the janitor is here! A burst of enthusiasm enters her and presses out a sharp,

“Hey! I’m stuck in here!”.

Lillie stands there in the deep silence, quickly interrupted by a girl’s laughter. No, it was several.

Once again she hears the sharp ‘clack’ of the lock and sees four girls make their way into the lockerroom, Lindsay trailing behind the rest of them.

The girl in front grins and gives a confident shake of her head, “I’m Lynn, team captain of the soccer team and I look after my own. I heard you embarrassed my goalie, so I thought this was a good bit of revenge, bet you cried in here.” She followed it up with a sly grin and brushed her jet black hair to the side.

“Well, you weren’t even alone in here, thought we’d get some footage of you bawling like a baby like you were going to be here all weekend. We had practice today, so we thought you'd want to stay after with us. Well not so much with us as by yourself.”, she nimbly motions to another girl with her hands. The brown-haired girl starts to walk towards the bench and stops suddenly, both seeing and smelling the huge puddle of pee. In a horrified look she takes a step back.

The brown-hair girl looked up with her mouth agape, “Did you PEE yourself? Are you kidding me? Holy shit. What are you, 5?” The gagle began to roar with laughter, taunting the new girl with their words.

“Had a widdle accident?”, piped in another of her group.

Lynn spoke up again, her grin becoming more menical by the second as the brown-haired girl tip-toed around the puddle, stood on the bench and grabbed a video camera from on top of the lockers, “Well, seems this movie might be better than I thought.”

In a horrified stare, Lillie watched as the camera was brought down, glowing with its red watching light. The whole thing, her crying, her begging, and worst of all, her wetting all over herself was all caught on tape. A deep blush sets on the tortured girl’s face as she scrambles for words,

“But I. You. I.” She breathes for a moment and filters her words, “You can’t show that to anyone. Please, please don’t.”

The smug Lynn smiles and looks devilishly towards the other girls and then gives a demeaning wink to Lillie, “We’ll stay in touch.”

*002*2013-05-23 02:56

{{: 

Brilliant, that was worth the wait :)

I loved it, thank you do much or doing it !!

}}

Thanks! I could always use a brush up on my writing, so if you have any ideas, please, throw them my way!

*008*2013-05-31 00:27

{{: 

Here's what I'd like to see. Lillie gets blackmailed by the other girls into wearing diapers in exchange for not releasing the video to the other students. Then maybe she accidentally tells Jena and they could team up to try and find a way to get back at them. But that's just my idea.

By the way, I love this story so far. A+!

}}

I was actually considering shifting it into a blackmail, gave myself the set up for it. If you'd like I can PM you the idea I had and get some feedback on it?{{

Oh wow, this story is amazing, Your a great writer and i really would love to see more fan fictions from you or even continue this one :)

}}

Thanks! I always worry about my writing style being bland and overly-wordy, hopefully I strayed from them both.

*009*2013-05-31 03:27

{{: 

Super duper love this story

}}

Thanks! Glad you like!

