In Need of Protection: A Secret Service omo romance - Page 2

Author: kilianj74

*026*2021-10-04 15:02

There was something about being in a chair suspended off the ground which made Leon Taylor feel lightheaded. He had an irrational fear of the metal cables failing, and the chair dropping down. It was totally ridiculous, he knew. That was never going to happen. But it reminded him of the first time he had ever gone on a fairground ride, as a fairly young teenager. He was with his best friend at the time, Tony, and Tony had been persuading him all day to go on this ride where you sat on a metal seat attached to a big wheel. The wheel spun as the chairs rose high into the air, and the centrifugal force pushed them outwards.

As fairground rides went, this was a fairly tame one as there were no unpredicatable movements and the motion was smooth. Leon thought he could handle it, and didn't want to appear scared, but as soon as the ride mechanic had fastened their safety belts and the ride began to move, Leon felt a weird feeling in his stomach, like it had been left behind, and then an odd feeling in his crotch.

It felt cold and numb, and Leon thought his dick had shrunk as if he had been in a swimming pool or the sea. Then he suddenly felt hot headed, his breathing had become rapid and sharp, and he looked down, at the flashing lights of the fairground which now seemed a long way away, and he felt they were moving so very fast. That had done it. He remembered, a short sharp spasm had happened in his pants, and a burst of hot piss had shot into his underwear and trickled down his trouser leg. The coke he been drinking all day probably hadn't helped. Fortunately his friend hadn't noticed. He shut his eyes, then gripped onto Tony's arm. His friend had laughed at first, but then realising Leon's genuine fear, he had stroked his arm reassuringly and the rest of the ride wasn't so bag. No-one had noticed his small accident, at any rate.

Now Leon was in the same kind of metal chair, and absolutely desperate, and the memory of that occasion seemed to trigger his bladder. For a second it seemed as if his bladder had regressed to that young teenager on a fairground ride, and had forgotten he was actually a nineteen year old man far too old to be wetting his pants. His bladder felt fuller and heavier by the second, and he could sense the inevitable. Conscious of being in public, Leon resisted the temptation to visibly grab himself, but he could feel his dick starting to shake and spasm, and his face beginning to sweat.

He look at Marco, his face flushing.

"Marco - I'm about to do it... I can't hold..."

The latino kissed him delicately on the cheek and grasped his hand. "It's okay, Leon. No-one will notice. There's no pressure here, and I've already wet myself."

Leon tried to relax, but his muscles were still clenching. He realised he was getting pee shy.

"I can't go though. My bladder is screaming at me, but it feels like it has been locked with an iron padlock. I can't force it out."

Marco smiled. "That's because you're tense." He rubbed Leon's shoulders. "You have to imagine you are in a perfectly safe situation, somewhere where you can just relax and pee without thinking. Forget it is cold. Forget you are hanging in mid air. Just imagine you are back home, in your bathroom. You have the window open, and it feels cold because your room is on the third floor, but no-one is around except me stationed outside. Your pants are open, you have undone your zipper and your dick is ready to pee. Now start peeing."

Leon visualised the situation. At first it was hard, as he couldn't shut out the sight of the snowy mountain and the biting cold air. But he closed his eyes, and relaxed, as Marco had suggested. He was going to pee, perfectly naturally, and forgetting he was wearing pants. He was desperate to go. The relief would be so good...

He started to feel it coming out. He was peeing, just as if he was in front of a toilet. He was sensing that relief in his bladder as he relaxed. The only difference was he could hear a soft hissing noise, and the felt the hot liquid masssage his balls and gently dampen the cloth of his thermals.

It was running down his legs now, feeling like hot sweat, and the stream was increasing. Then he felt his socks getting damp inside his boots, and his toes getting massaged too, as if he had gingerly stepped into a warm bath. This felt... AMAZING.

He pushed harder, now actively trying to pee more into his pants. He wasn't just letting go out of desperation now, he was actively peeing his pants. This wasn't an accident any longer - it was deliberate, and it felt almost orgasmic.

Leon could hear himself let out a small moan of relief, and Marco chuckled.

"Feels good, doesn't it," he said.

"Yeah it's...."

CLANG!!

"Oh shit, the chair's moving..."

Marco reassured him. "Don't worry, it's just they've managed to start it up again. We'll be at the top in no time, and we can get off the lift."

The chair lift was indeed moving, and quickly. Leon realised the top station was getting rapidly closer and the chairs were descending as they made their way into it.

"Yes but.." Leon felt his face go boiling hot with embarassment. "It's just.. I'm peeing full force, and now I can't stop, and we're nearly there!"

*029*2021-10-05 21:16

{{22 hours ago, Snowpants said:

@kilianj74

Great addition to your ongoing story. Boy would I love to be Marco in this situation.

}}

Interesting. Any reason why Marco rather than Leon? ps there will be more when I get time.

