Sisterhood of Blood - Page 6

Author: frostyjr2

*128*2013-08-04 00:15

Thanks for the kind comments, folks.

I do appreciate you all taking the time to post something !

A hint to the ones following along: pay attention to the year posted at the beginning of each chapter, because the story isn't presented in chronological order; it jumps back and forth in time.

*129*2013-08-05 04:07

Midnight has tolled, and as we begin a new day, i'd like to thank everyone that is following along with this story, and to all those who take a little time to leave a comment, a special thanks !

I know the omo content wasn't too high this time around, so I appreciate it all the more that you are staying with me on this journey.

Stay tuned for the next chapter of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD !

\/###\/

*132*2013-08-05 15:52

{{:

Ah, but when the story isn't omorashi only, it makes the parts of it that contain omorashi a lot more special.

}}

Personally, i fully agree with that statement.

Not to mention that it seemed like it wouldn't have been appropriate to this chapter.

Preferably, i would like my omorashi content to naturally flow with the story line

(OMG, did i actually just say that ? ) and not be added gratuitously.

{{:

Our positive comments are just a fraction of the praise you deserve, Frosty! I tune in every week, not just to find omo content, but to read and truly enjoy the beautifully written story, and learn more about your characters. Although I'm always eager to read the next instalment, I don't ever want to reach the end!

}}

Thanks so much ! There is more coming, i promise...

*134*2013-08-08 20:19

{{:

Is it nearly Friday yet? I'm wishing away my life just so I can read the next chapter!

}}

I could always turn you into an omo vamp too.

Then we'd have all the time in the world !

*136*2013-08-08 20:33

{{:

YES PLEASE!

Although I'm sure a male omo vamp might very well ruin the ambience just a tad!

}}

We'd make it work, somehow... trust me.

*137*2013-08-09 11:25

Ahh, Fridays... i love them so much. Not least because i get to share another chapter of this omo vampire tale with my friends here... i hope you will enjoy this one !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.14)

SPEAK SOFTLY AND CARRY A BIG STAKE (The Hunters)

Cannes, 1996

(sound track: ALONE TOGETHER, by Jim Hall and Ron Carter)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSocNJ7UR7Y

Fourteen years isn’t much in the life of a vampire, but it had certainly taken its toll on the twins.

It had been particularly tough on Petra, since she had spent eight of those years confined to a mental institution.

No one except her brother Peter had believed her strange story about Vicky being abducted by vampires.

Even he had difficulty believing it at first, and he had actually experienced their supernatural presence at first hand. However, after some time spent following the bloody trail the three girls were leaving behind themselves, he had become convinced that they were dealing with something not quite of this world.

The twins had spent the intervening years since Petra’s release studying, training, and tracking.

Petra hadn’t totally wasted her time while she was locked away either.

She had spent as much of it as possible keeping her mind and her body fit for the day when she would be free and able to resume the hunt for her little sister. The chess games with Dr. Perry had helped to keep her mental faculties sharp, and rigorous daily workout sessions in the privacy of her room had kept her body in superb shape.

Peter had done the same, and had also been able to do some studying of their prey on his own, something that Petra had not been permitted to do by her doctors.

The well-meaning staff at St. Andrew’s had denied her access to any reading material having to do with vampires, fearing that it would only serve to feed her ‘delusional obsessions’, as they put it.

In any case, by now both Peter and Petra had become quite adept at finding and killing vampires.

They had found and killed quite a few, but had never managed to get close enough to Vicky and the women she traveled with to even catch a glimpse of them.

The elusive trio had been within reach more than once, but had always managed to disappear like wraiths into the night before the twins could strike.

Fourteen years of false leads, cold trails, and near misses.

Peter sincerely hoped they could finally catch up to them this time; he and his sister were getting a little older, and a little slower, too. Not what you wanted to be when facing a skilled and powerful vampire opponent, much less three of them.

Still, they had always beaten every single vampire they had faced up until now, although both of the twins bore enough scars to remind them of how close it had been to a loss now and then.

Timing was everything when fighting vampires.

You had to catch them when they were at their weakest in order to have any chance at all of killing these unholy creatures, Peter thought as he looked back at the previous fourteen years’ worth of battle, almost nine of them all on his own while his sister had been locked up at St. Andrew’s.

Those years had been the hardest for him, working alone in secret, unable to share what he was doing with anyone, his two sisters both distanced from him in one way or another.

Of course, he had been actively hunting vampires during that interval; in fact, just about every minute of his spare time had been dedicated to that pursuit.

No wife or girlfriend, estranged from his co-workers at his job, his parents dead, no friends to speak of with whom he could share either good times or bad ones… he now realized that he had become somewhat hard and cold emotionally as a result of his lonely quest.

Yes, he reflected bitterly, apparently vampires could transform you even without having to take a sip of your blood.

The three they were about to face were probably going to be the smartest, fastest, and strongest they had ever taken on, with the added complication that one of them was family and shared their psychic connection. It was not as strong as the connection between Peter and his twin sister, but it was enough that the vampires could usually anticipate their moves and stay ahead of them, avoiding a fight.

The twins were aware that at any time they had wanted to, their vampire prey could have simply used Vicky’s psychic connection to find them, and bring matters to a head.

For some inexplicable reason, they had chosen to remain the hunted… so far.

Well, the reasoning behind it didn’t really matter much one way or another. The important thing was to not let that make the two hunters careless. At any moment, their prey could turn around and become the predator, and the Kushkin twins would probably have to pay a steep price for not noticing the change.

Peter started to take inventory of their weapons.

Petra’s favorite crossbow and the steel-tipped arrows she preferred were laid out on the table, ready to be coated with fresh garlic. It was really just the arrows that did the work; one of those through the heart would pretty much put down anything, really, alive or undead. The garlic was just a little extra insurance.

Peter had never seen a vampire succumb to an overdose of garlic, but better safe than sorry.

He figured it certainly couldn’t hurt… then laughed at the thought.

“‘Couldn’t hurt’? But I want it to hurt; I want it to not just hurt, I want it to destroy them!”

From the hotel bathroom where she was getting ready, Petra called out to him.

“Peter, did you say something?”

“Nothing important, Petra. I’m just talking to myself again.”

He pulled his .357 Magnum out of its holster, and popped the chamber open, making sure he had a full load of rounds.

All of the bullets were carved with an x, or cross, at the tip.

Dumdums, with the power of the .357 behind them, would leave a hell of an exit wound.

He placed the handgun back in its holster and laid it on the table.

Now it was time to look over the semi-automatic weapons.

The twins were fans of the Heckler & Koch machine pistols; Petra carried the MP5 while Peter preferred the MP7 model. Both guns were light, compact enough to conceal under a coat, had a good rate of fire and also packed a decent wallop at close range without the penalty of excessive recoil.

Full clips for each gun, plus at least six extra ones apiece.

He put the clips, some C4 and a few mini detonators into a black nylon rucksack. C4 was always useful for blowing open barricaded doors or tombs, or for taking out a large group of too-eager pursuers.

Although vampires had amazing regenerative powers, it was pretty hard to come back from being blown to smithereens, he had noticed.

He added a few flash bang grenades to the rucksack, as well as three sets of night vision goggles; it was always a good idea to have a spare pair of those, just in case.

Petra came out of the bathroom, dressed entirely in black leather. Her dark brown hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and it now had a pronounced white streak at her right forehead.

She walked over to the table and picked up her knife in its scabbard.

“Sometimes you just have to reach out and touch someone,” she said to Peter, as she stroked the sheathed blade almost sensually with her long fingers before strapping it to her slim thigh with a well-practiced motion.

They both laughed at her grim joke. Hand to hand combat with a vampire was no laughing matter, really, and both of them hoped it wouldn’t come to that but they wouldn’t be caught unprepared in any case.

Peter picked up the matching knife from the table, withdrew it, and checked the edge. Honed to perfection, just as he was, and just as Petra was. He was eager for a fight now, the adrenaline starting to pump through his system.

“Too early,” he thought, and began to breathe, and count slowly to ten again.

###

The hotel room clock was showing 23:10 when Petra stirred in her chair as Peter called to her quietly.

“Come on, sis. It’s time to go.”

Petra had been dreaming another one of her bizarre dreams again, the one where she was tied up tightly at the mercy of those vampires who had taken Vicky, and been forced to wet herself over and over again.

As she woke up, she could feel a warm dampness down between her slender legs, and she hoped that that warmth was only from the arousal she had felt while dreaming, and nothing more.

After the incident at the house in Porte de Vanves, she had often had trouble containing her urine; there were instances where she had wet herself during the daytime, and she had started wetting her bed frequently at night also.

She wasn’t really sure why it was happening; whether she really couldn’t control it, or if it just felt so good to let it go. In any case, in her mind the act of peeing was inextricably linked to the feeling of sexual arousal for her now, and she couldn’t ever experience one without the other.

It was as if those few hours under the control of those two vampire girls had conditioned her for life, she thought.

She had gradually managed to re-train herself to be able to hold it in again, but had never been able to get back to the level she had been at before that night. Holding for ten hours or more just seemed impossible now, even if she wanted to, and the act of urinating was still always accompanied by an ecstatic feeling whenever she had to go.

It was both a blessing and a curse, depending on where she happened to be when the urge overtook her.

She was glad she had peed earlier while she was getting ready in the bathroom, but decided to make another visit before they left, just in case.

###

On the street outside of the small house, Petra waited after ringing the doorbell.

The door was opened by a tall, thin, pale man with a bald head, very long fingers and unnaturally pointy ears.

“May I help you, mademoiselle?” he asked, in a tone which made it quite clear that he had no real desire to be of any assistance whatsoever.

“Excuse me; I’m so sorry, but my rental car has broken down around the corner and I was wondering if I could possibly use your phone. My cell phone isn’t getting service here for some reason.”

Petra tried to sound as innocent as possible.

“I’m afraid that our phone isn’t working either at the moment, mademoiselle. You will have to seek assistance elsewhere, I’m sorry to say.” With that, the thin man closed the door in her face.

“How rude!” Petra thought to herself, laughing.

Vampires were usually such a polite lot, at least while they were trying to entice you to enter their lair. It was only after you were inside that things got nasty most of the time.

She walked back around the corner to where Peter was waiting, and reported the situation back to him.

“Small private house, no lights, probably about twelve to fifteen vamps inside judging by the sound of it. The host is an old one, definitely. He didn’t invite me in… they must already have something going on.”

“Twelve to fifteen, you say? I don’t like those odds at all, especially in a small space.” Peter muttered. “I think we’d better wait outside until at least some of them leave. At this point we’re not even sure that Vicky is in there, anyhow.”

“Fine, Peter. They’ll all have to leave before daybreak in any case,” Petra said.

She pulled out a slim package of Gitanes, placed one between her lips, and lit it, inhaling deeply.

As she exhaled, she blew smoke rings towards her brother.

“Some things never change,” Peter thought as he smiled to himself.

###

A few hours later, there was the sound of the front door opening, and the first vampires began to take their leave, bidding their tall, thin host farewell with varying degrees of formality and affection.

“Good day,“ he said as each guest passed through the doorway. “I hope you will come back again soon.”

“Good day?” said one of the departing guests in a flippant tone. “Is there ever such a thing for us, really?”

The host replied, “Any day that you don’t get to see is a good day.”

They all laughed at his comment before disappearing into the night.

The twins, meanwhile, were keeping a head count on the guests as they left the house.

By now there would only be about six vampires left inside, including the man who had answered the front door when Petra rang the bell, but that was still quite a disadvantage in numbers. It usually took both of them fighting as hard as they could to dispatch a single weakened vampire adversary from up close. Their teleportation abilities wouldn’t work once you had a hold on them; the twins had learned that. But then you had a tiger by the tail, no doubt about it.

It would be better if a few more vampires left before the fighting started.

Right on cue, the door opened, and two more bloodsuckers exited the house.

One was a tall, striking woman with smooth olive skin and wavy dark brown hair, and the other was a much smaller girl. The smaller girl’s hair was reddish-brown in color.

At first the twins thought that these were the two women that their sister had been abducted by, and Petra was ready to take them on right then and there.

Peter had to hold her back. He whispered urgently in her ear, “Wait… I don’t think it’s them. I mean, where’s Vicky?”

As Peter asked that, the small girl turned to her companion.

“I thought that went rather well, all things considered,” she said.

The tall woman laughed.

“Yes, we got what we needed for the moment. With that bunch, no need to start anything; now that Vicky is a sister, we should be able to find them any time we wish,” she said. “We have time to catch up with them, and free her.”

“Free her…”

As the Kushkins heard that, they were both glad they had paused for a moment before starting a fight.

Strangely enough, these two bloodsuckers wanted to help their little sister also?

Suddenly, the tall woman looked straight into the darkness where the twins were concealing themselves.

She spoke softly, but her voice seemed to carry on the pitch black of the night.

“I know you’re there; I also know who you are, and I know what you’re doing here," she said.

"Don’t worry; you’ll be safe with us. Please come out now.”

(to be continued) \/###\/

*141*2013-08-09 16:22

{{:

Well written my dear :D Although, i'm afraid Peter and Petra have gotten themselves in over their heads. Don't they realize they should just leave her sister alone ?? Just getting themselves into trouble !! Sigh.

}}

The intrepid twins may surprise you yet !

Then again, you might be right... only time will tell.

*144*2013-08-10 10:47

{{:

Creepy ending to the most recent chapter... Now I have to wait a whole week to see what happens next. NOOOOO!

}}

YEEEESSSSSSSS !

*147*2013-08-12 05:20

My dear friends, i am so happy that this tale is keeping some of you entertained.

As the weekend draws to its close, rest assured that i am already at work on the next chapter of the story, and i thank you all for your support, for taking the time to read, and to those of you who write comments, a special thanks, as always !

*149*2013-08-16 12:31

OK, i know at least a few of you have been dying to know what happens next, so here is this week's chapter of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD !

Please do take the time to leave a little comment if you can, people...

<3 to you all !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 15)

FOURPLAY (Petra and Cool)

CANNES, 1996

(sound track: Philip Glass String Quartet No. 4

First movement, performed by the Kronos Quartet)

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViXDNiOHE_U

“Please come out now,” the tall woman repeated.

Peter and Petra looked at one another, both of them thinking the same thing.

Friend or foe, this woman knew where they were hiding, so there was no point in trying to stay concealed any longer.

Petra stepped out of the shadows and approached the duo warily, one hand on the machine pistol hidden under her long leather coat.

If this was some kind of a trap, at least one bloodsucker was going to get a face full of lead in a minute or so.

Meanwhile, Peter hung back with his machine pistol at the ready, trying to keep both vampires in his sights.

Suddenly, the smaller one disappeared.

In a fraction of a heartbeat, she materialized behind him, tapping him on the shoulder.

“You can put the gun down,” she said, smiling. “If we wanted to harm you, you would both be dead already. So you might as well just trust us.”

Peter laughed out loud, recognizing the truth of it. There was no denying what she had just said.

Two teleporting vamps at full strength, in the darkness… there was no way they were going to win that fight.

He dropped his weapon to his side, flicking the safety catch back on.

If these two vampires wanted to kill them, they were already as good as dead anyhow, so what difference did it make?

“Let’s get away from here,” the tall woman said quietly. “We need to talk about a few things now; very important things. I’m Hannah, and I suppose you've already met Cool.”

###

Hannah had decided that the best plan would be to hide in plain sight.

The film festival truce made vamps and humans sitting together a common enough occurrence that we wouldn’t draw attention to ourselves, so we were back at the same café in the center of town where we'd first spotted Victoria with Judith and Kris.

I pulled my skirt down towards my knees again; this darn thing was really starting to get on my nerves.

I needed a cigarette badly, too.

Unfortunately, my pack was empty. I had already smoked my last Gitane a half hour ago. I wasn’t about to interrupt our meeting just to go buy another pack, either. Hannah wouldn’t approve, for starters.

As the one named Petra glanced over in my direction, she pulled a small, flat blue box from the inside pocket of her long black leather coat, which was draped over the back of her chair. The two of them had already stashed all of their considerable armament in the trunk of their rental car, so I figured that they had decided to trust us at this point.

“Cigarette?” she asked, offering the pack of Gitanes to me after pulling one out for herself. I guess she had noticed my hungry stare.

“Thanks, don’t mind if I do,” I replied, taking one from the pack for myself.

I reached into the pocket of my skirt for my lighter, and then lit her cigarette before putting the flame to my own.

She inhaled deeply, and then she smiled a very pretty smile at me as I took in the smoke from mine. We both laughed at the same time as we realized that we had more in common than just the desire to see Victoria get free of those two demon vamps.

“Now, let’s talk about exactly what we’re doing here,” Peter said. “I think we all want the same thing in the long run, which is for Vicky to be free and happy, am I right?”

“Essentially, yes,” Hannah said. “I’m not sure we would interpret that state in precisely the same way, however.

Things are a bit more complicated now.”

“Complicated in which way?” Petra asked tersely.

I could tell she was a bit tense, and I knew why, too.

She had to pee really badly, but didn’t want to show it.

Of course, it was totally obvious to an omo vampire like myself, but she had no way of knowing that.

So I just sat quietly enjoying her growing desperation as she began to squirm ever so slightly in her chair.

“Well, Vicky is actually part of three separate families now,” Hannah said. “She’s your sister, of course. But she is also a sister to those two devils, and now, also to the two of us.”

“So what does that mean exactly?” Peter asked.

“Well, for starters, it means we can track her accurately from now on. We have a kind of link to her now, just as you do, but ours is more precise and specific.” Hannah explained.

“It also means we have a responsibility to look out for her, something those other two have obviously not been doing. Instead, they have been exploiting her, and we’re not going to stand for that,” she said, anger flashing behind her eyes.

As Hannah spoke, I kept my own eyes on Petra.

She was irresistible, really… such a beautiful girl, so intense, and so charmingly desperate.

Her desperation was increasing with each passing moment, too. It was actually kind of cute, the way she was doing a sort of sitting pee dance now.

I glanced quickly over at Hannah, and our eyes met for a second; she was trying so hard not to smile either.

Finally, I took pity on the poor girl and stood up, tugging at the hem of my miniskirt yet again.

You'd think it wanted to be a scarf, the way the darn thing kept heading towards my neck.

”Sorry, I really have to go pee. Would you all excuse me for a brief minute or two?" I said.

I probably could have continued to hold for hours, but I didn’t think the pretty girl sitting across from me could have taken too much more herself. In fact, she jumped at the chance I had subtly offered her.

“I need to freshen up a bit myself,” Petra said. “Do you mind if I come with you?”

“The more the merrier,” I responded, smiling at my new friend as she got up.

We both stubbed out our cigarettes in the ashtray on the table and then headed towards the rest room at the back of the café together.

As soon as we got there, she rushed for the open stall.

“Do you mind? I’m rather urgently in need of a wee!”

I laughed and said, “I could tell. Don’t worry, I can hold on for at least a few more minutes.”

“Thank goodness!” she said, as I heard the sound of a strong stream of pee splashing into the toilet almost immediately. I had to make a real effort not to burst in on her and do all the things i was thinking of... OMHG.

“I’m so sorry, but I very nearly wet my knickers this time.”

“It’s OK, really. I’ve been there quite a few times myself,” I said reassuringly. She had no idea, really.

I could feel her ecstasy as she relieved herself, her leather trousers and delicate black lace panties down around her boots now as she sat on the toilet, sighing with pleasure.

Meanwhile, I took a deep breath and leaned back against the counter trying to ease a bit of the pressure on my toes from the pointy stiletto heels I was still wearing.

It certainly would be a long time before I let Hannah talk me into wearing an outfit like this again… several lifetimes, maybe.

I heard the toilet flush, and the lovely Petra emerged from the stall, all businesslike and properly British now that she was no longer desperate.

It was kind of a shame, really; I liked seeing her the other way better.

Well, I would certainly get another chance soon enough, I thought to myself, smiling.

“So, Cool, what are we going to do about Vicky?” she asked as she ran water to wash her hands in the basin next to me.

“Hey, Hannah’s the planner,” I replied. “I just do whatever she tells me to, really.”

“You don’t say? Anything at all she tells you to?” she said, as she arched a pretty eyebrow at me, her hands covered with a soapy lather of suds.

“We have an, ahem, interesting relationship, the two of us," I replied with a grin.

"Not sure I want to go into it all with you right at the moment though… it’s a very long story, and we should probably be getting back.”

“I suppose you’re right,” she said, rinsning her hands and then drying them off thoroughly with some paper towels.

She wadded the used paper towels up into a tight ball and then tossed them into the wastebasket behind her without even looking. A perfect 3 point shot…

“Perhaps some other time then. Hullo, don’t you still have to use the loo?” Petra asked quizzically.

“Not really. But I could tell you certainly did, and you weren’t going to get up to use the toilet unless I gave you an excuse,” I answered. “I really didn’t want to see you suffer any more.”

“Well, thanks for that, then,” she said, smiling at me once again. "I really do appreciate it."

I may have been enjoying her desperation a bit more than I wanted to let on, but it was still the truth.

I liked this girl; yes, almost right from the moment we had first met. She had beauty, skills, intelligence, and tact.

She was, in point of fact, ‘most impressive’, to quote a famous film character.

And she looked almost as good as Hannah did all dressed up in her tight black leather outfit; I have a weakness for girls in black leather.

We made our way back to the table where Hannah and Peter were sitting and laughing together.

“So he actually wet himself when you pulled out her picture?” Hannah asked.

“I think he must have been expecting a gun or something like that,” Peter replied, smiling and pointing a finger.

“Well, considering how much in the way of weapons the both of you had on you tonight, I can see why he might have been a bit concerned.” Hannah smiled at him. “Not that any of it would have done you a bit of good against us…”

“Hmm, probably not in the end. But we’d have put up a good fight... for at least a minute or two,” Peter replied.

They both laughed at that as Petra and I sat down at the small round table again.

“Did you girls enjoy yourselves?” Hannah asked, smiling slyly.

“It was simply marvelous,” I replied. “In fact, we’re thinking about visiting again just as soon as we can.”

“Yes, we can hardly wait to go back,” Petra quipped, following my lead.

“AHEM…I hate to interrupt, but why don’t we get back to the business at hand?” Peter said.

“Right. We weren’t going to win a battle against that evil lot at the Petit Bal, so we just made sure we’d be able to track Victoria no matter where they take her from now on," Hannah said, serious again. "Even without that though, I have the feeling that they will be returning to Paris soon. Vicky isn't enough for the two of them for more than a couple of days, and they are far too ravenous to stay anywhere they can't feed constantly.”

“So then, what’s the plan, planner?” Petra smiled at me as she said that.

“We follow them to wherever they are going. Hopefully we’ll be in a situation where we aren’t outnumbered, and we can claim her by simple right of seniority.” Hannah shook her head grimly. “Of course, we may very well still end up having to fight to get her away from those two demons.”

“We’ve fought vampires before. We’ve even put a few to rest now and again,” Peter said, smiling.

"No offense intended to present company, of course."

“We’ll be glad to help in any way we can," Petra added emphatically. "She is still our sister, no matter what else she may have become.”

"I guess that makes us all family then," I said, smiling back at her.

(to be continued) \/###\/

