Hermoine's Desperation

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2012-02-10 12:36

Hermoine got out of bed at 8:00am, slightly later than usual. She wore pink pyjamas, that complimented her large breasts. She got undressed, showing off her excellent figure. She slipped into a pair of white cotton panties, a black skirt, her white school shirt and black jumper. She noticed an urge to pee, but was already late so went downstairs for breakfast. Hermione forgot about this urge to pee as she spoke to her best friends Harry and Ron at breakfast, so didn't notice that she had consumed an unusually large amount of orange juice. She suddenly noticed a sharp urge to pee and excused herself from the table.

"Gotta go guys. See you in Defence against the dark arts," Hermione said, casually walking back to her dorm.

But her watch was slow, so she hadn't realised that the dorms had already closed and that it was time for lessons.

"Maybe I can hold it till breaktime," Hermione murmered.

She went to defence against the dark arts as usual, but Harry noticed she seemed unusually unfocused.

"Hermione, are you okay?" Harry whispered.

"Yeah, fine," Hermione whispered back, casually lying about her filling bladder.

"Okay then," Harry replied, turning back round.

"Granger, Potter, is there something you'd like to share with all of us?" Snape asked.

Draco sat at the back, sniggering as usual, which was met by a stare from Ron.

"No Professor, I was just asking the time," Harry lied.

"Perhaps you'd like to come back at breaktime then?" asked Snape.

"No thanks," said Harry.

"It wasn't an offer, it was a punishment. You too Granger," he snarled.

'Dammit' Hermione thought, 'I won't be able to pee now,'

Thinking about it made the urge increase, and she slipped her hand up her dress to gain momentary relief. It was a double lesson, so Hermione was in pain for most of it. Her bladder was getting very full, and she didn't want to soak her nice cotton panties in front of everyone. Finally the bell went, but Hermione forgot she had to see Snape afterwards. Snape spoke for 20 minutes of their 30 minute break, and Hermione was getting increasingly desperate, even grabbing her crotch while he was speaking to her. Finally she was allowed to leave, and she ran to the toilet.

"Wait Hermione, aren't you getting anything to eat?" Harry asked.

"No, I have to pee really bad," Hermione replied, not even hiding her desperation anymore.

She ran to the toilets, only to find a line of desperate girls. She was close to tears at this point, when she felt a long spurt of pee fly out of her vagina, soaking part of her panties.

She was at the front, when Ginny rushed in.

"Hermione, please can I go first?" she begged.

"I'm really desperate," Hermione exclaimed.

"So am I, my panties are starting to soak," Ginny cried.

"Fine," Hermione grumbled, pushing her hands into her crotch.

She heard Ginny's pee hit the toilet bowl, and the sound of relief that she made. Hermione couldn't take it anymore, and the pee rapidly flowed out of her panties. She removed them, and peed all over the floor. Ginny walked out, only to see Hermione squatting on the floor peeing. She was upset and humiliated, but they both never spoke of this again.

