Anything to Confess? - Page 10

*225*2021-10-02 15:27

Chapter 110

Liam

After lunch I suddenly remember that I start work full time tomorrow so I take a walk to .Lidl and get some food to make lunches, some easy dinners and some other essentials. I’m just by the cheese fridge when I get a text. Hoping it’s aunt Ella I pull my phone out my back pocket and smile when I see it’s from Megan. I didn’t want to risk her family seeing anything so I had deliberately not text her but seeing her name and her text makes me suddenly miss her so badly. I text back right away then carry on shopping. She texts again before I reach the checkout and I stop again to reply telling her this time that I’m in Lidl and I’ll text more when I get home.

I get home and put everything away and make myself a coffee. Once I’m sitting down I text Megan again and as I wait for a reply I try calling aunt Ella again. It goes to her answer machine and now I’m definitely getting worried. Other than church aunt Ella never goes anywhere on a Sunday. It’s not something I have really thought about before but I start doing some calculations in my head. I know she’s my mum’s older sister and I have a vague recollection of my mum saying she was just 18 when I was born. That would make my mum 59 and aunt Ella in her sixties. She never married or even dated anyone and always lived alone, well until mum left her with her nephew years ago and ran off to fucking Spain! I can feel myself panicking as I imagine all sorts of horrific, even if highly unlikely, scenarios. Has someone broken in and stabbed her, has she fallen down the stairs and broken her hip and lying there alone? I text her yet again then follow that by texting Megan.

“I have a problem and don’t know what to do. I have been trying to call and text my aunt all day but getting no answer. It’s so out of character and I’m getting really worried. She’s in Chester in England and I can’t just go check on her! What should I do?”

While I wait for a reply I text Gareth in a panic too, completely forgetting that he’s at his cousin’s wedding all day! My phone starts beeping like crazy as first Megan then Gareth reply. Both are practical and calming with .Megan asking if there’s any other family who could pop in to check on her and Gareth suggesting I contact one of her friends from church if I have any of their numbers, or if not see if I can find any of them on Facebook perhaps.

I dismiss Megan’s suggestion quickly because other than mum, who’s in hospital in Spain apparently, I don’t know any other family unfortunately. I know Jim and Sandy next door but I don’t know their phone numbers either. Aunt Ella isn’t on Facebook so I scroll through my phone to see if anyone in my contacts back in Chester might be able to help. I sigh as I come across Lauren Bennett’s number knowing full well she would not only never check on my aunt but she’d find the whole thing hilarious too. I’m just not going there! I pause again at a Derek Green trying to think where I know him from? Then I remember: The odd job man aunt Ella used to do anything she needed! I call him up and he answers brightly. I explain as calmly as I can what’s troubling me and he offers to drive to the house and check. I thank him then text Megan and Gareth to let them know the news.

I need something strong to keep me going so I make myself another coffee as I wait for further updates. Finally Derek calls me back saying he’s at my aunt’s but there’s no answer and he can’t see anything through the letterbox. I tell him about the secret place she always kept a spare key and he goes looking for it while still on the phone. I can hear him unlocking the door and suddenly I feel so sick. It should be me there, not him. Aunt Ella should never be alone like I left her! This is all my fault for running away to Ireland. I hear another text message come in but I can’t reply as Derek asks me what he should do. I beg him tearfully to check the house and call for my aunt. I can visualise the full house now from the cosy living room, to the cottage style kitchen full of colourful appliances, to the patterned navy carpet on the stairs, to the two bedrooms, one of which was mine for so many years. I hear Derek climbing the stairs and somehow I just know what’s coming.

Suddenly I know why I had such an inexplicable need to go to church this morning. Derek is as terrifyingly quiet as I am and I am sure I can even hear his heart beat over the phone.

“Ella, Ella? You there? It’s Derek? I let myself in because Liam was worried about you. You there?…..”

Weirdly I know she isn’t. As I hear a bedroom door open I can see in my mind what has just faced Derek too. I cover my mouth with my hands and gasp just as if I am there in person.

“Liam I’ll call you back ok? Is there anyone with you there? I think maybe you should have someone with you. I need to go but I’ll call you very soon ok!”

He doesn’t need to say any more. I already know. I just know.

&&

&&

&&

*226*2021-10-03 12:06

Chapter 111

Megan

I make everyone some lunch then get ready to head to work. Theresa comes back from hospital saying there’s been little change in mam and she hardly spoke to her at all. I’m glad the boys don’t get too upset as I sort Yasmin out and hand her to my sister so I can leave. The sun is out and as I walk to the McGintley’s I decide to spend my few hours with Courtney taking her down the sea front. I really must look up some more places to go to on my phone to give us both some variety but just as I’m thinking up some ideas while I walk I decide to text Liam. He replies right away and we are chatting by text when he says he’s actually shopping and will text more later.

At the McGintley’s Liz is anxious to know if I am still ok for her plans for the morning. I tell her, finally, about my mam being in hospital and my younger siblings and that I hope my older sister can watch my baby sister for a bit but she works full time in a nursing home. Liz bites her lip anxiously then asks what age my baby sister is. As I help her put a hat and shoes on Chelsea I natter away about Yasmin and how she’s only 1. Liz stops what she’s doing to look at me in shock.

“Are you the oldest then?”

“No. There’s 5 older than me and three younger. Yasmin is the youngest though. It does feel weird though having a sister so young at my age. I’ve got used to it now though.”

“And I thought one was hard work! So where are you off to? You sure you don’t want to take the van?”

I stand up from tying Courtney’s shoes.

“Mmm. Maybe we could and then I could take you for a McFlurry afterwards if you’d like Courtney? That’ll make my brothers jealous for sure!”

Courtney shakes and smiles showing me she approves of my idea and Liz smiles finally too. Just then my mobile beeps with another message from Liam. I apologise to Liz and say I just need to reply quickly then tell her how I have a new mobile and after texting Liam back I bring up my number to give Liz. She finds her own phone and adds in my number before opening the front door and wheeling her daughter out to the van. It’s just a short dive to the sea front but it takes me a while wheeling Courtney along by the wall before I can find a way to get her chair down onto the rocks and sand. It gives me a little insight to how life must be for Courtney and her parents all the time as I get frustrated at how tricky it is just to get a disabled child to see the sea. I finally get the chair onto the sand just as I get another text from Liam. I hate not giving my job my full attention but Liam’s text shakes me.

After checking with Courtney if she minds me calling my friend I call Liam while pushing the chair towards the sea. The uneven ground makes pushing Courtney quite an effort and the noise of the sea means I need to speak up so Liam can hear me. He promises to call me back later when he has more confirmation and I reluctantly hang up after reassuring him I love him several times. Somehow though right now love just doesn’t feel enough. He shouldn’t be alone right now but I can’t leave Courtney and then I need to be home for my younger siblings while dad visits mam in hospital. I’m still worrying about Liam as I gather some pebbles and throw them into the sea with Courtney as I take a short video of her giggling and laughing at the splashing for her parents.

I push her along by the sea for a bit before we head back to the van and onto McDonald’s for a drive through ice cream. I park up in the car park and climb in the back with Courtney as we lick our spoons and get chocolate topping on our noses. Before I know it it’s time for my shift to finish and I drive my friend back to her house talking away to her about Liam and how wonderful he is even though I know Courtney can’t say a word back. After dropping Courtney home I send over the video to Liz by text and confirm arrangements for the morning as I walk home. Just as I turn into Woodburn Close I risk calling Liam too as I am so concerned about him.

I’m still talking on my mobile as I reach home but for once I carry on talking even at the risk of my family hearing me. The only thing I don’t say in front of them is my usual way now of ending calls with Liam and that’s by telling him I love him. Instead as he says it to me I reply in code, ‘Absolutely, sounds great, see you soon.”. I’m sure Liam remembers our code for ‘not alone so have to go but I love you too’, and I smile to myself at that thought even as I still hate leaving him, especially after his shocking news. Rory is downstairs watching TV and as I walk past Yasmin playing in her jumperoo as always, I see Anthony in the kitchen with Theresa.

“What you two up to then? I take it dad’s away to hospital?”

“Not yet. He’s just gone upstairs to get mam some clean nightwear and stuff. I was just baking some flapjack with the boys. Anthony is helping me slice it up. It’s harder than it looks!”

Now seems a good a time as any to ask as I get closer to inspect the still warm baking.

“Theresa are you working tomorrow morning?”

“Yeah I’m on early so start at 6am but I’ve got Tuesday off. Why?”

“Just got a chance of a bit of overtime at work, doing a favour sort of thing and wondered if you could have Yasmin for an hour but don’t worry. I’ll sort something.”

“Sorry. Hope you get it sorted though. I think dad’s going back to work too. He says we need the money and he needs routine and as long as mam has someone visiting then he’s better off at the factory.”

“Yeah I thought that too. Don’t worry. I might just take her with me.”

Anthony looks at me aghast as he puts the slices of cake on a plate.

“It’s fine Ant. You know you and Rory walk to school? Well the girl I look after can’t walk and her school is the other side of town, nearer Belfast than here. She gets picked up on a school bus but she hates it and her mum is just wanting to go with her tomorrow morning to make sure she’s ok. They used to have a supervisor on the bus but they don’t now and it’s making the girl I look after very upset and stressed. Her mum just wants me to drive their van to collect her at the school. I’m sure she won’t mind me bringing Yasmin for the ride. They have a brand new fancy van with a ramp for the wheelchair and clips to strap the chair in and stuff. I’ll just need to somehow get Yasmin’s car seat there but I’ll figure that one out.”

Anthony nods, clearly reassured with my explanation as he puts the baking tray in the sink and asks casually, “what’s for dinner? I’m starving!”

*227*2021-10-03 17:02

Chapter 112

Liam

Derek calls back briefly to say aunt Ella has been taken to the Countess of Chester hospital and that he’s passed on my details. I don’t ask how my aunt is because I already know. I thank him and then we both hang up. I text Gareth an update and he sends his regards and says he’ll call me tomorrow morning as he’s at the airport with his family about to fly back to England. I text Megan loads even though I know she’s at work. She keeps me going while I wait on any more news. I keep expecting the hospital to call but I hear nothing at all from anyone. The silence is the worse.

Megan texts me asking what I am eating for dinner and I don’t answer. It just all feels too much. The silence in the flat is too much. Loosing aunt Ella is too much.

Next thing my phone is ringing. I jump off the seat in shock and fumble to answer it. It’s Megan again. Her dad is out and her sister has gone to visit her grandparents so she invites me round for dinner. I put my coat on in a daze and walk all the way there on autopilot. Sitting at a table with other people feels strange and noisy but it also somehow brings me comfort hearing others talking. I help wash the dishes automatically while Megan cleans the kitchen while looking after the baby. It’s nice to meet her younger brothers though I wish I was feeling brighter. I can see Megan is busy and despite the fact I love her I feel wrong being at hers with her dad and sister out and I’m on constant edge expecting either of them to come back suddenly. So with the boys upstairs and the baby still in her chair I hug Megan tight, kiss her forehead and tell her I’ll be fine even though I barely believe it myself. She’s tearful as I leave but it’s for the best, tonight at least.

I arrive home to a police car outside my flat. I know instantly it’s for me so I invite them in.

Sitting in my living room with two uniformed strangers I hear what I already knew: My aunt Ella was found dead in her home earlier today by a friend. I ask them a few practical questions and they tell me patiently the answers. Nothing will happen fast and my aunt’s body will be kept in the hospital mortuary until a post-mortem is arranged. That will happen automatically but then everything after that requires me to sort out. It all seems too much and as they leave I ask what in hindsight must be the silliest question they have ever heard: should I go to work tomorrow as normal? They look at each other like neither wants to answer me before finally the young female answers quietly, “That’s entirely up to you Mr Jude but nothing will happen now until after the post-mortem. I would encourage you to inform your employer though. You have had a major shock today so do take care.”

They leave and as I watch them get into their car and drive away I think back to the last car that left my flat just last night with Megan in. I hope the next person to drive away from my flat doesn’t leave me as fucking lonely as the last two have.

I make a hot drink, strip off to my underwear and lie awake on my bed staring at the ceiling in my room. I never have been a good sleeper and I already know tonight will be another very long night.

I dose on and off for an hour here and there and wake to a text from Megan.

“Can’t stop thinking of you. You are never alone. Keep in contact please. “

I text her back as I’m eating some cheap breakfast cereal from Lidl.

“I’m ok. Going to work. Do you think I should mention it to Shaun?”

She replies within minutes.

“Yes! My brother will understand. Off to work myself for a bit but let me know where you are working today and I’ll try to see you at lunch time if you’d like?”

That thought spurs me on as I wash my face, use the toilet and get dressed before packing some food and water and walking to the council headquarters.

*230*2021-10-03 21:52

{{3 hours ago, pwpj said:

Just wanted to say how much this is a wonderful story and I look forward every day to the next instalment

}}

Thank you. So glad people aren’t bored of it!

*234*2021-10-04 11:29

Chapter 113

Megan

Monday morning is chaos, even more so than normal as I need to be out the house with Yasmin before the boys even leave for school. Dad’s already away to work, as is Theresa, so I put my trust in Anthony to make sure he and Rory get out to school in time. As I push the buggy to the McGintley’s I can’t help worrying about them.

Within minutes of me arriving at Courtney’s the school bus pulls up and Liz gets in with Courtney, locking the front door behind her and handing me the car key. I wave them goodbye suddenly panicking about how to get Yasmin in the van safely. Thankfully as I unlock the van and slide the side door open I notice an infant car seat sat in one of the seats ready. It’s not the same one Yasmin is used to but I have no other choice as I lift her out her buggy and into the spacious van. I adjust the straps as best I can then hop out to fold the buggy and slide that on the floor safely too. Getting in the driver’s seat I realise the van is still set up for me after yesterday so I set the sat nav using the postcode Liz gave me and head off to Clifton school.

I pull into the car park looking for Liz among the taxis and buses but there’s no sign of her. The school bell rings startling Yasmin and almost making her cry. I watch as buses pull away empty and taxis come and go, but I still can’t see Liz McGintley anywhere. Around ten past nine a lone school bus pulls up outside the newly built school and I see Courtney being wheeled out followed by some other children of different ages and lastly a tall loud agitated boy around Rory’s age. School staff take the children and the driver drives away without so much as a goodbye as I wave to Liz to let her know I am waiting for her. She walks over quickly and gets in the front beside me.

“Well that certainly explains my daughter’s distress!”

I start the engine as Liz takes a breath then pulls her seat belt on.

“Honestly Megan I’m not sure where to begin! You fancy a coffee? I think I need one!”

I nod behind to remind her about Yasmin.

“Oh I completely forgot! I don’t mind her coming along if you’re not in a hurry?”

“I guess that would be ok. As long as you don’t mind?”

“Not at all. So glad the seat was the right size by the way. Old one of Courtney’s that Michael got out the loft yesterday evening. What about McDonald’s? The big one at the retail park? My treat as a thanks for helping me out this morning. It’s been a real eye opener I can tell you!”

I head back onto the motorway towards the centre of Bangor and the retail park and before long I’ve parked and I’m lifting Yasmin out the van. I leave the buggy but take in the changing bag just in case.

“What do you fancy? Pancakes? McMuffin? Tea? Coffee?”

“Emmm pancakes sound lovely and maybe a tea. Oh and some milk for Yasmin if that’s ok please.”

I look around for a high chair thinking how this is the second time Yasmin has now been here within days when you until Saturday she never even knew the place existed! The early rise is taking it’s toll as I watch my baby sister rub her eyes and yawn. I feel a little guilty for throwing her out her little routine but with no-one available to have her I had little choice. It’s hopefully just one day though at least. I wave to Liz so she can find us as she comes over with a full tray of food and drink. I open the pancakes and put some on the high chair for Yasmin and pour some of the small carton of milk into a spare bottle in the changing bag. I’m not sure she’ll drink it cold but it’s worth a try.

Over breakfast Liz updates me on the bus journey and, as I suspected, one of the other children is too noisy, boisterous and aggressive for Courtney and without another adult her distress keeps building throughout the ride.

“I knew who it was right away because as soon as the bus pulled up to his house Courtney started kicking her seat in distress and screaming. It was so hard to watch. She’s so vulnerable Megan. It honestly keeps me awake at night worrying about her.”

I glance over at my Downs sister and wonder if mam feels that same overwhelming worry about her vulnerability.

“So do you have any way of fighting for an escort again? Surely it’s in the interests and safety of all the kids to have one? It’s hardly a mainstream school is it?”

“You’d think so wouldn’t you! Well apparently it’s not law just ‘good practice’ and the bus company say it’s just too costly. You know that’s all parents like me hear about all the time is how you can’t have this because it costs too much and you don’t qualify for that as there’s not enough budget for it. Drives me loopy! So much for a caring society eh!”

I wipe my sisters face pausing to take in her purity, her innocence. Is this the future she too faces? That thought terrifies me.

“Anyway, I’ll need to call Michael and let him know, but one thing is certain and that is no daughter of mine will be back on that damn bus! I’ll have to see if Michael can get away to pick her up. I’m not meant to be driving right now. It’s so frustrating!”

“Oh I’m so sorry. Are you ok?”

I place the empty cardboard mugs and food containers on the tray and go to bin them as Liz quietly mutters that she has been ill for some time and on strong pain killers and other prescription meds that can make her drowsy.

“Been signed off work for years pet. Doc reckons it all started with stress. Wouldn’t surprise me to be honest. I haven’t been well enough to drive for a couple of years now.”

I watch her talking to my little sister while I bin all the rubbish in the right recycling bins. As I return to the table Liz looks at me, her face pale and suddenly aged looking.

“I’m sorry Megan. I didn’t realise your sister had Down’s.”

I pat her shoulder reassuringly.

“It’s fine. Honestly. Maybe things will change by the time she’s Courtney’s age. We have to stay positive. Can we head now please if that’s ok? I have an appointment at lunch time and this little one looks like she needs a nap before then. Thanks for breakfast. It was very kind of you.”

As I’m driving to the Bloomfield estate I hear Liz on her mobile.

“I’ll ask her honey but we can’t expect her to do that for free. It’s not fair to her.”

She finishes the call as I stop at traffic lights.

“Megan, we were wondering if you were available to pick up Courtney from school this afternoon. Just until we sort the bus stuff out. You can keep the van and use it all day and just leave it with us when you bring Courtney back after school? We’ll pay you, of course, just like we’ll pay you for your time this morning too. Does that work for you?”

I pull away at the lights loving driving and thinking how amazing it would be to have the van all day. But then I remember Anthony and Rory and I sigh. I can’t assume dad or Theresa will be back in time. I’ve already left them alone this morning. I can’t do it again after school.

“Unfortunately I don’t think I can help today. I need to be home for my younger brothers. They finish at 3 at St. Christopher’s.”

“I understand. Though Clifton doesn’t finish until 3:30 if that helps.”:

I have to wait to turn right on Belfast Road as I suddenly have an idea.

“I guess I could pick the boys up in the van then get Courtney at half past if you are ok with that?”

“That would be amazing! Thank you! Just drop me off here. Saves you having to do a three point turn in our street. Thanks again. We owe you Megan, as always!”

*235*2021-10-04 15:45

Chapter 114

Liam

The receptionist calls up Shaun and I’m allowed to go to his office to speak to him. The last time I saw him was when he offered me my job full time and the guilt I feel at having to tell him about my aunt on my first day of being full time is awful. I suddenly feel so tired and dizzy as I see him approaching me as I step out the lift.

“Liam, good to see you. One minute and I’ll be with you.”

He writes something in a book then beckons me to his office.

“So what’s up? You wanted to see me?”

At first I can’t seem to speak at all, the words sticking in my throat. I can’t look at him so ficus on a random picture on the wall of his office instead.

“I just wanted to let you know that my aunt died suddenly yesterday.”

“Have a seat Liam. Goodness you look like you need one. I’m really sorry to hear that. My sincere condolences to your family.”

The room goes silent. Silence is my nemesis these days as I attempt to break it with an emotional whisper.

“She was more like my mum really. Found dead in her house in Chester yesterday. I’m all she has…”

“Take some time off Liam. You won’t even know when the funeral is or anything yet. You can’t work today. Definitely not. Go home and look after yourself. I’ll put you down as off all week then you can let me know if you need longer. I’ll get Linda to contact Aidan and let him know. He can do the high street this week with Ryan and Ally.”

I feel tears gathering behind my eye balls threatening to burst out so much that my eyes sting.

“Will I…will I get paid?”

“Of course you will! Keep in contact and let me know what’s happening Liam. Right now though the best thing you can do is go home. You look awful mate and I’m not at all surprised . Thank you for letting me know. Look after yourself. We want you back with us soon ok! You’re one of my best workers you know!”

I stand up, holding the chair for support as I quietly leave via the lift and walk home in a daze. In the flat I make myself a strong coffee and sit in my armchair holding the mug with both hands. I feel a vibration in my back pocket as I realise it’s my mobile. I put the mug down and answer without even checking the number.

“Hello?”

“It’s me Liam. You ok? I have the McGintley’s van today. Where are you working? I could meet you in your lunch break still if you want? I’d need to bring Yasmin though if that’s ok?”

“I’m at home.”

I feel the sob building right from deep in my chest as I stare at my mobile as thick tears fall down my cheek.

“I’m coming over! I’ll be with you shortly Liam!”

I get some toilet roll and dry my eyes as I feel compelled to tidy the flat for Megan coming like she’s some sort of housing inspector or something. I’m all over the place and so tired as I wander around aimlessly with a hoover, cloth and my mobile still in my hand like it’s stuck with superglue. I have no idea what time it even is when I hear my door bell go and open it to see Megan standing with a colourful baby bag over her shoulder and her little sister in her arms. Just seeing them both somehow cheers me up so much as I throw my arms around them both and feel the little girls tiny fingers touching my damp cheek. As I draw back she puts her arms out towards me as Megan smiles at me warmly.

“You don’t have to take her if you don’t want to.”

I do though. Her warmth and cuteness draws me as I tentatively lift her out of Megan’s hands, putting my mobile in my back pocket and tossing the cleaning cloth. I smile at the girl and tickle her tummy.

“Hello again! Aren’t you looking pretty today.”

Yasmin smiles then cuddles her head into me sweetly.

“She’s really tired. I woke her up really early to get Chelsea to school. She’s had an eventful morning. She’s due some milk too. You don’t mind if I heat some up for her in your microwave do you?”

“No. Of course not.”

I carry the baby through to the kitchen as I watch Megan open her bag and fetch out a baby bottle full of milk that she expertly warms in my microwave without even having to ask me how it works. How does she just know these things? It beeps, she checks it then attaches the nipple and top without even properly looking before handing it to Yasmin. The little girl grabs the handle whilst still cuddling into my chest. I go to sit at my small dining table and Megan smiles at me.

“She’ll get heavy if you sit there. You’ll be more comfy in there in my experience.”

She points to my small living room as I stand and carry the child through the doorway as I sit on my two seater couch, Megan sitting naturally next to me, her legs touching mine as she rests her hand on my knee as the little girl rests her head in the nook of my arm and sucks from her bottle, the weight of her head already feeling heavy as I rest my arm on the end of the couch. Megan reaches down into the colourful bag and pulls out a pink cloth handing it to her sister lovingly.

“She likes to finger that when she’s tired. Quite cute really. You ok?”

I look at her beautiful eyes, her rosy cheeks, her lovely hair and I manage a little smile as I rest my hand over hers on my knee, the baby’s feet resting on my upper thigh as she sucks steadily on her milk.

“Thank you for coming over. I really appreciate it.”

“I couldn’t not. You mean so much to me Liam. We’ll get through this.”

*236*2021-10-05 08:55

Chapter 115

Megan

Despite the morning being exhausting and hectic I can’t stop thinking about Liam. As I get Yasmin home and sit her on the floor with some toys I call Liam even before I take my coat off. The minute I hear his voice I know I need to be with him so I change Yasmin’s nappy, grab a jar of baby food, a bib and a plastic spoon and fill one of her bottles with milk. Then I get a quick drink myself, pack a few other essentials into the change bag and we both head right back out. Yasmin doesn’t seem to mind going back into the van thankfully and I’m glad I never took the buggy out when we arrived back. I drive to Liam’s hoping I can remember his flat number and that I can park on his road ok.

I’m so relieved to see him but hate how tired, shocked and lost he looks. I just want to wave some fairytale magic wand and make everything better for him. Despite his obvious torment he’s so sweet with Yasmin and she clearly adores him too. Seeing him hold her always makes my heart leap but I do chuckle to myself when he goes to sit on a dining chair to give her her bottle. He clearly doesn’t realise how heavy she’ll get when she falls asleep.

The two seater sofa is much more cosy than our big one at home and sitting next to Liam feels intimate and lovely as our bodies touch naturally. Seeing him holding Yasmin in his arms so comfortably, so gently and naturally, melts me. She’s so content and happy so I rest my hand on Liam’s knee as I hand Yasmin her favourite cloth she always loves to have when sleepy. I’m not sure if Liam realises my sister is about to nap in his arms but he seems fine having her so I leave them be. When his hand goes over mine I lean into him more and rest quietly beside him. The only thing disturbing me as my body relaxes is the fact that I have quite an urge to pee. I don’t want to leave where I am and as Yasmin sucks slower and slower and her breathing deepens I don’t want to disturb her falling asleep either.

It can wait.

Liam seems to be relaxing too as he shares easily and casually about the police arriving last night and how he got ready for work and walked to the council offices fully prepared to work his usual shift. He goes on to tell me how he only went up to see his boss because the police said he should but Shaun sent him home and how once he got back to his flat he just felt so utterly lost. 

I know he needs to talk, and I am happy to listen, I just wish I hadn’t drank so much this morning before going to Chelsea’s, then at McDonald’s with Liz and then the glass of orange juice I then had before coming here just now. For the third time in ten minutes Liam thanks me for coming as I reassure him over and over that I care and there’s nowhere else I’d rather be right now. It seems very inappropriate, and disturbing both for Yasmin getting settled to sleep and the flow of conversation with my recently bereaved boyfriend to ask to use the loo so I squeeze my muscles and try to relax as much as I can.

I ask about the last time he heard from his aunt and wether she seemed unwell at all. Liam tells me about the call on Thursday night and how much they laughed together as his aunt had been cleaning his old room and found all sorts from when he was younger.

“She’d found trophies and football tournament brochures and old school textbooks and all sorts and she was jokingly asking if I wanted any of it sent over. She’d never ever asked if I wanted them when I spent time at Lauren’s because she always knew I’d be back. I think she was finally realising she had her spare room back after all these years. I have so much stuff still there Megan. All my clothes, paperwork for stuff, laptop and so much more. I suppose at some point I would have had to go back for it or get my aunt to just donate it somewhere but I hadn’t really thought about it, what with moving here then working and then meeting you. Now I guess I’ll have to decide once and for all. The thing is I couldn’t even get round to sorting my own room out so how on earth will I begin sorting a funeral and clearing a whole house? It just doesn’t seem real. It’s like living in one of my nightmares.”

I rest my head on his shoulders as I look over at Yasmin who has spat her bottle out and has her eyes shut and one hand now resting on Liam’s chest and the other clutching her cloth. I lift the bottle off her and put it in the changing bag as I carry on chatting to my friend.

“You might not need to sort the house on your own. Let’s worry about that when it’s time. I assume your aunt wasn’t renting?”

“No she owned the house outright. My mum always assumed she had money and was always asking her for loans but after I went to live with her I realised she just worked really hard and was careful with her money. She never went abroad or anything but did keep her car in good condition and kept her house looking nice too. It was like living in a different world from when I lived with mum. You know I never once saw my aunt drink, she didn’t swear or smoke and she went to church every Sunday. She wasn’t even old!”

I suddenly think back to the night dad told me about my own mam having a miscarriage and a memory from primary school of a classmate dying of cancer.

“Sadly it’s not just old people who die Liam. That doesn’t stop it hurting so much though for those of us left behind. Every life is precious.”

“I guess you’re right. You know you were right about sitting here too. I had no idea a sleeping child could weigh so much!”

“You can put her down if you want?”

“What? On the floor?”

“No. On your bed if that’s ok? She’ll probably nap for at least an hour. If you want me to go before then that’s not a problem though.”

I feel his hand grasping mine even tighter as he looks right at me.

“I never want you to go. Ever.”

I smile. I don’t want to leave, not right now, though I can’t stay forever either. To start with I have to pick up my brothers from school later and then Courtney and for another I can hardly kidnap my baby sister and take her away from her family. But right now I sense Liam just needs some reassurance this moment that I’m not racing off right this minute.

“I can stay while she naps. You don’t want to hear that cutie scream if she’s woken too early. You might not like her as much then that’s for sure.”

I feel Liam’s body lift as I stand up to give him room to stand with my baby sister in his arms. Getting up out the sofa I feel my bladder really screaming at me to be emptied but I need to help Liam put the baby down safely first. As soon as she’s safe in the middle of a double bed I’ll ask to use the bathroom. It’s definitely becoming a more urgent need now.

*237*2021-10-05 11:56

Chapter 116

Liam

I lie the baby carefully on my bed leaving Megan to cover her with the duvet. I watch her as she stands back up and I can’t resist hugging her. Aunt Ella would have loved Megan, that much I know for sure. I can’t quite accept yet that now they will never meet. It still doesn’t seem real.

“I never even offered you a drink.”

I hold her close never wanting to let her go as we stand at the side of my bed both looking at the little girl asleep.

“Don’t worry about that Liam. You have a good excuse. She’s fine to leave for a bit as long as we keep the bedroom door open. You know sometimes I get a little jealous of the fact she can sleep whenever she wants. I’m still not fully recovered from our one night together, though I did love it.”

“I did keep you up late on Saturday didn’t I? Gosh that was a great night, though now look at us…we’re like an old married couple gazing at our kid sleeping like it’s better than anything on the TV. She’s not even ours either!”

“I suppose she does feel like my daughter sometimes, more so recently with mam being ill. I do wonder if she even has any awareness that her mam isn’t around just now? After the news of your aunt I just feel so happy that my mam is still alive, even if she doesn’t want to see me.”

I hold Megan’s hand and guide her out the room and into the kitchen where I fill the kettle and open the fridge to get some ham and cheese to make some sandwiches. I’m not that hungry but I figure Megan might be. I am curious why Megan’s mum wouldn’t want to see her. Even though mine left me she would still love to see me anytime.

Megan sits on a dining chair as we carry on chatting.

“Your mum doesn’t want to see you? What about the baby? Doesn’t she want to see her even?”

I butter some bread as the kettle clicks and turn around to see Megan wriggling uncomfortably on one of my dining chairs. I feel a little awkward commenting so I carry on as if I haven’t seen anything.

“What would you prefer? Tea, coffee? Cheese and ham sandwich ok for you?”

She doesn’t look directly at me as she shuffles some more on the seat nearby.

“Tea is fine thanks. Just milk please.”

I make two drinks and put four sandwiches on one plate and take them to the table where I sit beside Megan. Her face is flushed, her head down and a hand sitting awkwardly but tensely on her thigh. I don’t want to embarrass her at all but she doesn’t look at all comfortable so I gently put my hand on her knee and say quietly with my head close to hers.

“I’m sorry for being an insensitive dick. It’s none of my business really but I hate seeing you so sad and upset. You came here to support me and I end up upsetting you. I’m so sorry beautiful.”

I lift her chin with my hand and go to kiss her but she bows her head and wriggles on the seat even more.

“It’s not anything you said,” Megan finally quietly confesses. “Liam, I should have said earlier before it got to this point. I just couldn’t find the right time to ask and now it’s really bad. Please can I use your bathroom?”

I stand up, quite amazed at what I’m watching and shocked I hadn’t spotted anything sooner. Her squirming and wriggling is now very obviously because she’s desperate to pee, and as if to emphasise that fact she slips the hand that was pressing on her thigh between her legs as she bounces around on the dining chair waiting on my response. While verbally I haven’t said anything my erection is sudden and very noticeable. I can’t help but ogle my princess, my beautiful Megan, as she moves and fidgets in ways I find incredibly sexy. Yet despite my warm cheeks, my bulging eyes, my needy body, my heart won’t allow me to hurt my girlfriend. I swallow and try to form words even as my mouth dries instantly.

“Yes…yes of course you can…but please…please can I kiss you first! You have no idea how much seeing you wriggling and squirming like that drives me wild for you. I promise I won’t hold you back babe…”

I step closer to her holding her writhing squirming body in my arms, my body desperate for her every bit as hers is desperate to pee. Somehow I need to keep my self control regardless how raging my hormones are, no matter how hard and wanting my body is. I run my fingers through her hair, kiss the top of her head then bend down and lift her chin up looking right into her alluring stunning eyes.

I’ll kiss her then let her go. Just one quick kiss…

*238*2021-10-06 08:39

Chapter 117

Megan

Standing in the bedroom gazing at Yasmin I suddenly feel such a strong urge to use the toilet. I’ve been needing to go pretty much since I got here but since getting up from the couch the need has intensified quickly. I’m just trying to muster the courage to ask to go when Liam hugs me as we both look at my sister. The conversation is natural and I try to be patient waiting for a pause long enough to change the subject and say how badly I need the loo.

Then Liam takes my hand and we walk right past the bathroom with its door ajar teasing my mind and driving me crazy. When I get to the kitchen I have to sit down hoping this eases the strong pressure from my bladder and the spasms pushing my body to burst. I need to just ask Liam. How hard can it be? It’s not like he’s a stranger or anything, though this is only my second time ever in his flat. I wriggle because sitting still threatens to cause my urethra to give in as my mind seems to think I might be on a toilet rather that a dining chair. The tea with my early breakfast, my second tea at McDonalds with .Liz and my quick glass of orange before coming here are all conspiring together inside my stretched bladder to push and tingle and throb so many parts of my body at once as I press hard on my upper thigh and breath in as I tighten every muscle possible to prevent a very embarrassing accident in my boyfriend’s kitchen.

I need to say something. I’m absolutely bursting!

I know he’s seen me squirming but I’m so glad he hasn’t said anything. He’s just asked me wether I want tea or coffee and all I can think about is the fact I can’t possibly put any more liquid into my exhausted body until I empty out what is already there. As soon as he brings it over I’ll have to run. I really don’t want to be rude but the pressure is relentless and even my breasts feel enlarged and heavy with the intensity of holding. I can barely concentrate on what Liam is even saying now as all my energy goes into not releasing my bladder. So when Liam sits down and starts apologising for upsetting me I have to confess that my actions and mannerisms aren’t anything to do with what he’s said but all to do with something else: I desperately need to wee!

Finally I say it! Now just to hold back one more minute as i scrunch my midi skirt up by wedging my hand between my legs in a last ditch attempt not to wet myself. I gotta go so bad! So bad I can’t sit still. So bad I can feel my muscles weakening, my hold loosening by the second. As I look up at my boyfriend beseechingly, earnestly, desperately, his eyes sparkle with lust and I notice the top leg of his jeans stretch and move with the growth and thickness of his penis. He said I can use his bathroom, thank God! But first he just wants a kiss…oh mother of Mary he better be quick! A peck on the cheek, or lips ,or why not just blow me a bloody kiss? Anything that gets it over in seconds so I can get to the toilet in time! I have to pee,I absolutely HAVE to pee!

Then his lips touch mine and suddenly sparks fly. I remove my hands from between my legs, wrapping them instead around Liam’s neck as our tongues tickle and explode with an urgency, a passion that makes every part of my body go weak. My head pounds, my heart throbs, my hands and arms pulling Liam’s face closer and closer as my legs squirm and bounce and dance around. Suddenly, as our lips meet, my whole body explodes with excitement, need and sexual energy, combined with such an urgency and compulsion to urinate that my head spins. With Liam’s hands all over my body, his lips intertwined with mine, our sexual energy intensifying by the second, our burning and pressing hunger for each other consuming us both completely, I feel it happen and I can’t stop it. I move my body closer to Liam’s as I wrap my legs around one of his as he holds my body tightly preventing me from falling.

Our kissing rises to a whole other level, our bodies fast reaching a crescendo of frenzied lust and pressing allurement that can only be reached by one act of consummation, our bodies needing each other’s on a level and intensity that is so undeniable and obvious to us both as I shake against Liam’s body as I feel the warmth building slowly but steadily around my vagina, my thighs, my upper legs, and running down my tight-less legs.

I can’t stop where my body is going, or what it is doing as I feel my skirt dripping and warming as I moan and push tighter still against Liam’s leg as my urethra pushes out the full contents of my exhausted bladder even as Liam continues to kiss me, hold me and caress me. As I continue releasing I experience a sexual high as my act gets rewarded by my boyfriend in a way that makes all the effort of holding, all the squirming and fidgeting and fighting against my body worthwhile.

It’s like a high speed train ride with only one destination and it’s a place I long to be urgently and desperately as Liam gently guides my body to the kitchen floor, pulls down his jeans and trunks to his knees then pulls off my soaking wet knickers as seconds later I’m rewarded for the long journey by reaching the most beautiful perfect destination imaginable.

He only asked for a quick kiss but both of us knew it would be fatal, though neither of us imagined it would be this amazing, this wonderful, this beautiful.

As I tilt my head back and orgasm quickly and easily I think of the bookmark under my pillow back home. Suddenly I can recall every word written on it as clear as ever.

“Sometimes our most desperate situations lead to our most beautiful moments.”

*239*2021-10-06 12:12

Chapter 118

Liam

I genuinely only wanted to kiss her at first, her squirming and fidgeting driving me crazy. I didn’t intend for things to escalate so quickly but like a pullback spring loaded toy I can no longer stop, no longer slow down, no longer control where my passions are taking me. I long for Megan like an addict longs for their next high, her body language telling me in no uncertain terms that she feels exactly the same. I haven’t forgotten that she’s desperate to pee, if anything that fact consumes my every thought as her legs bounce and jump about and move frantically even as we kiss deeply and passionately. My head tells me I need to let her go so she can use my toilet but my body just can’t part from hers like we are glued together tightly.

The speed at which things happen is incredible, intensive, frantic. I have to use my full strength to hold Megan upright against me as she wraps her legs around one of mine like a dog on heat. It feels awesome, wonderful, erotic, as I feel her legs rub against mine and her crotch grind against my thigh. My jeans are too thick to be able to tell wether she’s throbbing or wet or swollen down there but my imagination runs wild with thoughts of her body yearning for mine as much as I long for her right now.

Then I feel it…a warmth at first, then an unusual dampness like I’ve somehow spilled warm liquid on my upper thigh. Oh fuck! It can’t be! It can’t be what I think it is? My dick throbs and shakes in my jeans pointing and aiming right at Megan’s legs as I want to scream with urgent need for the woman in my arms. I strain my ears to hear the beautiful quiet hiss, closing my eyes as I thoroughly treasure the increasing wetness that is soaking through the leg of my jeans, my mouth locked firmly into Megan’s. I’m lost in a world of sexual ecstasy where the inevitability of entering Megan is a foregone conclusion that can’t come quick enough. I have to have her. I can’t take any more of this. I’m about to explode in passion.

Instinctively I lie her gently on the floor as I speedily and urgently undo my jeans and pull them down with my underwear just far enough to allow my throbbing penis to spring out and surge towards the most beautiful woman to ever exist. My thigh feels warm and wet as my eyes are drawn to Megan’s soaked skirt in front of me as I pull it up around her and pull her soaked knickers down her bare legs. Oh how sexy her body is as I lean in towards her and let my body join with hers in delightful, necessary and such natural intercourse. I’m already right on the edge and feeling her wet warm vaginal lips around my sensitive thick manhood sends fireworks exploding instantly like a forest fire that can’t be contained. I cum quickly and suddenly as my beloved girl shakes with the thrill of my body joining hers.

Fuck. I only meant to kiss her. Honestly I did.

I sit back on my kitchen floor almost toppling over as I practically fall over my jeans which are hanging by my knees awkwardly. I pull them off to look at them, feeling the large wet patch on my left leg as I lean down to pull Megan up. She smiles at me, her eyes twinkling.

“I’ve got room for that cup of tea now. Oops…your jeans are wetter than I expected.”

“I think your skirt is even worse!”

I help her stand up as she slips effortlessly out her midi skirt turning it in her hands to inspect the damage.

“Oh. I did say I had to go I suppose. Good job I’ve got the van here I guess. Maybe I had better go home and get a fresh skirt? I can’t collect my brothers or Courtney from school like this can I? Oops.”

Still sitting on the cold kitchen floor looking right up at my girlfriend standing naked from the waist down with my own private area on display for her to see, my jeans and underwear both lying beside me on the floor, I turn around and grab Megan’s still warm but absolutely soaked knickers as I hold them up.

“You’ll be needing a clean pair of these too then. Oh God Megan I do so adore you. You are ok about what we just did aren’t you?’

She leans down to pull me up as I notice her rosy cheeks and beaming face.

“Yes! Of course I am silly.”

She takes her wet pants in her hands and looks at them closely.

“I was absolutely bursting you know. I did try to hold but I’d been needing to go so long you know and when I finally asked I knew I was close to having an accident. I’m sorry about your jeans though.”

She turns round to look at the drinks and sandwiches still on the table as I watch her sit down on my dining chair, her bare bottom looking stunning, as she drinks from one of the mugs.

“Ah perfect. Just the right temperature too. As soon as I’ve drank this I suppose I had better nip back home quickly and get myself sorted. Thank goodness Liz let me keep the van! I better be quick though before Theresa or dad get home from work and catch me.”

“What about Yasmin?”

With a sandwich wedged in her mouth and between gulps of tea she looks at me with her sweet eyes and cute smile.

“I couldn’t leave her here could I? I will be really quick. Promise.”

*240*2021-10-07 09:04

Chapter 119

Megan

Liam bags my wet pants for me into a sandwich bag and after guzzling the tea and finishing the sandwich I slip my wet skirt back on, turning it so the wettest part is at the front as I run out of Liam’s flat leaving my sleeping sister on his bed, not even taking so much as the baby bag with me. I slide into the high driving seat and start the van noticing it’s now twenty past 1 and praying my sister hasn’t finished work early. It’s not far to my home as I park the van quickly right outside the gate and rush in hoping no-one sees me. Finding the door locked I breath a sigh of relief as I step inside the front door, close the door, step out of my skirt and rush to the kitchen to put my wet clothes in the washing machine and the sandwich bag in the bin. I close the machine door to hide the evidence then take the stairs two at a time with my heart pounding as I race to the room I share with my older sister and fumble in drawers for some clean clothes.

Grabbing a pair of knickers, the first ones my hand touches, I slip them on hastily then pop into my parents room to get a baby wipe to wipe my damp legs before stepping into a clean skirt. Thankfully, and rather miraculously, my shoes remain dry as I toss the used wipe in the bin by the door of my room and race back downstairs to get back to my baby sister and Liam urgently. I’m just about to walk out the door when I see a light on the hall telephone flashing. Worried it’s something urgent I press play on the answer machine and listen to the message.

“Hi, this is a message for the family of Mrs Mary Catalina Murphy. This is nursing sister Amber O’Donnal from Ulster hospital high dependency unit. When you receive this message could you please call me back as soon as possible on 028 9048 4511 extension 115 thank you.”

I absolutely must get back to Yasmin and get out the house before either Theresa or dad get back from work but what if something has happened to mam? The phone won’t flash now I’ve listened to the message so no-one else will even know it’s there to call the hospital and with picking up the boys from school then having to pick up Courtney too it’ll be hours before I am back home. Terrified and anxious I listen to the message again and scribble down the number using the pad and pencil by the phone then call back right away listening to the welcome message and pressing the extension as requested.

“Ulster hospital high dependency unit, Vicky speaking how can I help you?”

Timidly I tell her who I am and that I am calling because an Amber O’Donnal left a message. The young professional sounding girl puts me on hold while she presumably goes to find the nurse who called. I’m put on to a slightly older lady who introduces herself before confirming who I am.

“Thank you so much for calling back. Your mum is doing slightly better and after a visit earlier today she allowed one of my nursing staff to feed her some food orally and she had some water to drink. Her stats are stable and the doctor has been round to see her and made a decision that your mum is now well enough to be moved to a ward. She was transferred to our psychiatric wing and admitted to ward P6 around an hour ago. Visiting there is 2-3 and 7-8 daily. Access is via the psychiatric wing directly rather than through the main building. I wanted you to know right away as your mum was a little agitated when she was being moved.”

She finishes and the silence seems to last forever as I have no idea what to say. I gulp then say ‘thank you’, but for some strange reason keep the phone to my ear.

“I need to go now but I wish your mum all the best in her recovery. I hope she continues to make good progress. Bye.”

I wait until the dial tone comes on before finally hanging up. I scribble down P6 on the paper under the number then drop the pencil and paper down and rush out the door, making sure to lock it again as I race back to Liam’s. I tentatively knock Liam’s door rather than ring the bell and risk waking my baby sister. Liam answers smiling wearing shorts and a t-shirt and looking the most relaxed I have seen him in ages.

“You should have just came in Megan. You were quick!”

“Was Yasmin ok?”

“She’s still sound asleep. Come and see.”

I look into his room seeing my sister lying exactly as I left her earlier. I turn to find Liam standing beside me.

“Thank you. You know something; that’s the first I have ever left Yasmin with anyone ever. She’s gonna be hungry when she wakes. She’s usually had her lunch by now.”

Liam reaches out and clasps my hand.

“Thank you for trusting me with her. I’m not sure what she likes to eat but you’re welcome to make her anything I have.”

We leave her napping still as I follow Liam into his cosy living room where he sits back on the small couch and beckons me to sit beside him, the colourful nappy bag sitting exactly where I let it earlier reminding me that I put in a jar of baby food when I left home earlier so when my sister wakes I can feed her before I need to leave again to get my brothers and Courtney.

I haven’t stopped all day so I’m more than happy to snuggle with my favourite man, at least until Yasmin wakes for lunch and I need to do the school pick ups.

*241*2021-10-07 14:20

Chapter 120

Liam

As soon as Megan leaves I put my wet clothes in the washing machine, go for a long pee then have a shower. Returning to my room naked I see the baby in my bed and smile, grateful she hasn’t woken looking for Megan or been crying while I got washed. I have no plans to go anywhere so just put on some clean boxers and the shorts and t-shirt I got from the charity shop. The sandwich from earlier feels dry now so I bin it and make myself a coffee and a slice of toast which I am just enjoying when my mobile rings. Anxious not to wake Yasmin I race to answer it.

It’s a call from England from the coroner’s office giving me an update on things. With my aunt dying so suddenly the male on the phone carefully explains the procedures and processes and expected time frames. I’m asked lots of questions about my aunt’s medical history, few of which I genuinely know the answer to. Despite feeling awful about this fact I am reassured that it’s common and that they have requested my aunt’s medical records from her GP and after receiving them the coroner will confirm wether or not a full post-mortem will be required.

I feel strangely very protective towards my aunt even though I know she’s no longer alive and full of guilt that I wasn’t there for her when she really needed me. I ask rather matter of factly, feeling quite detached from the reality of what’s happening, wether I should begin making funeral arrangements yet but the gentleman, whose name I don’t even remember, tells me that once the coroner confirms the cause of death I need to register the death before any funeral can be arranged. I sigh, feeling overwhelmed and lost with all the formalities and legalities of it all and so helpless living so far away.

Just as I hang up and go back to check again on the baby I hear someone knock on my door. I feel so happy to see Megan again! Of course she wants to check on her sister, understandably, though I am secretly pleased the baby is still napping so I can hopefully just get to sit quietly with my girlfriend, not to do or say anything but just for the company and not feeling so alone. Megan sits beside me resting her head happily in my arms as I hold her and feel content for the first time I can remember in such a long time. I could happily just sit silently but I also feel a need to let Megan know about the phone call.

“I had a call from England while you were out. The coroner has requested my aunt’s medical records from her GP. Once they look at those apparently they then decide wether to do a full post-mortem or not. I can’t arrange a funeral or really do anything until then. I can’t even register her death. Do you think I’ll need to go to England to do that? I have no idea about any of this.”

“I’m not sure. I expect you’ll have to go over at some point. Unless you have other relatives or brothers and sisters to do stuff? I think you might be able to register the death online though. I know mam registered Yasmin’s birth that way. It was the first one of us to be able to do that and dad found it strange. He was convinced it was a scam but that’s my dad all over really.”

“Aunt Ella didn’t ever marry. Her only sister is my mum and she’s in a hospital in Spain somewhere right now. Oh God I really should try and contact her! I never even thought! How could I forget to tell my mum? I’m fucking hopeless.”

Megan sits up and looks right at me cupping my face in her hands.

“You are NOT hopeless Liam. You hear me? It only happened yesterday. You are still in shock and you don’t even know how your aunt even died. What can your mum do? You told me she’s on dialysis in Spain so it’s not like she can just jump on a plane and deal with it all can she? You can try calling her if you want but if she’s as ill as your sister says I’d be surprised if she can even answer. Besides it’s maybe better she hears the news from someone in person. Do you have your sister’s number?”

“She never gave it to me. All I know is she’s 15 and called Leah. I can’t even remember her surname! God this is all such a mess!”

Megan turns her body to hold me, hugging me close as I cry about losing my aunt, not knowing my sister’s number and being so estranged from my own mum all at once. As I sob quietly I hear another cry in the background almost echoing mine. Yasmin! She needs Megan more than I do as I feel Megan letting me go reluctantly as her eyes lock with mine in compassion even as her body leaves the room briefly to get her baby sister. She returns to sit beside me with Yasmin cuddled into her on her knee.

“I’ve got you Yasmin. It’s ok. Did you think I’d left you? I’d never do that sweet pea. It’s all ok now.”

I know she’s talking to her sister but I gain so much reassurance hearing those words too.

*242*2021-10-07 21:43

Chapter 121

Megan

Too many times I heard teachers, friends and even my own mam calling me hopeless and I know how much it hurts. I won’t ever allow anyone to call someone else it even if referring to themselves. I know Liam is in shock, confused, and heartbroken but I still can’t let him call himself that.

I’m so proud of him. So incredibly proud of him. I also feel so protective of him too, especially as he cries in my arms a broken man. My heart is torn in two as I hear my baby sister crying in the other room and I know I need to go get her. I hate leaving Liam especially just as he’s started talking, really talking. I go pick up Yasmin, reassuring her loads while she cuddles in to me still waking up. She must feel so confused and disoriented waking in a strange place without her familiar things around her. I know I would be and I’m 22 not 15 months and I don’t have any of her difficulties either. As I talk to her she snuggles quietly as I sit close to Liam, grateful he isn’t trying to chat to Yasmin or overwhelming her just as she’s waking up.

We sit there, all three of us snuggled quietly together on the two seater couch when the silence is interrupted by Liam. Without moving he casually but gently asks if Yasmin is hungry and if I’d like him to make her anything. Noticing the time on his living room clock I sit up suddenly and look at him, the baby sitting more upright now as I move.

“Goodness I don’t have a lot of time. You don’t happen to have a microwave bowl do you? I brought a jar of baby food with me but didn’t think to bring a bowl.”

Liam stands and goes into the kitchen standing at the doorway showing me a plastic porridge bowl. “This ok?”

“Perfect.”

I lean into the baby change bag and fish out the jar of food then stand up with the baby in my arms and the jar in my hand as I walk towards Liam’s kitchen. I try unscrewing the top whilst holding the baby but it’s too difficult. Liam takes it off me and opens it effortlessly. I start asking him to spoon out about half of it but when he goes to get a spoon he turns and looks at me.

“Would it be easier if I held the baby for you?”

“If she’s happy to go to you that would be much easier. Thank you.”

Liam takes Yasmin out my arms as she immediately cuddles into his chest happily while I heat her food and put some water in her tippy cup. I pop into the living room again for her bib and plastic spoon and return to find Liam sitting on a dining seat with Yasmin on his knee.

“You ok to keep her while I feed her?”

“If she’s happy then I’m happy.”

After feeding Yasmin and cleaning her up I wash up the bowl and spoon and return them to the changing bag constantly watching my time. Liam carries Yasmin into his living room and sits down on the armchair opposite me facing Yasmin towards me on his knee.

“I never actually thought I ever wanted kids you know. Lauren talked about them once or twice but mainly because I think she saw them as a status symbol. I could never imagine her feeding a baby messy food like you just did. I was always too scared of the responsibility. I couldn’t ever imagine myself leaving my child like mum did to me or being like my dad and denying he even had a child, but the idea of them restricting everything you do, having to always think about someone else, plus the sheer money they cost was always too much of an off putter for me. But this little one is adorable. I think I could warm to the idea perhaps. What about you?”

“I’m child 5 out of 9 Liam. I’ve never not been around other kids and babies and since Yasmin was born I have been even more involved what with mam being ill and me losing my job. Would I want my own babies one day? I guess so but maybe not quite as many as 9!”

“Thank goodness for that! I mean I do love sex with you but fuck I’d need to go some to keep up with that demand. Your mum and dad must really have been at it!”

“Yuck! That’s not exactly a nice thought you know! Gosh is that the time? I better start getting ready to get the boys. They won’t be expecting me in the van so I’ll need to be waiting for them so they don’t miss me. They usually just walk home together so this will be a real surprise for them. Anthony will love the McGintley’s van. When he was little he was mad on cars. He still knows all the names and models now. You will be ok on your own now won’t you?”

“I’m a big boy now honey. Honestly I’ll be fine.”

I look at him, winking and giggling like a silly schoolgirl. I look at his crotch and blush.

“I can certainly vouch for the fact you are indeed a big boy Liam. That much is most definitely not in doubt!”

I stand up and put the large baby bag over my shoulder as I go to take my sister from my boyfriend’s arms.

“Good job you’re leaving Miss Murphy with thoughts like that! And here was me thinking you were such a good Catholic girl too. I could tell that man in robes a thing or two about you eh!”

He leans down to kiss my forehead as he hands me my little sister. I wink as I head for the front door.

“Oh Father Reilly has heard an awful lot about me already. I was a right regular in confession for years you know!”

As he follows behind me holding his front door open for me I hear his lovely English accent as I step down his front stairs carefully.

“I wish I had been a fly on the wall in confession when you were in there.”

As I slide the door of the van open and step inside to strap Yasmin in I can’t help but blush and smile as I mutter under my breath, out of earshot of Liam who is standing at his front door in just his shorts and t-shirt,

“Oh you’d have loved to be a fly on the wall in there for sure! Probably a little too much mind you! Maybe one day Liam Jude I’ll tell you more. I have a funny feeling we’d both enjoy that!”

*244*2021-10-08 08:15

Chapter 122

Liam

I watch as Megan confidently drives away in the van like she’s been driving it forever, already missing her loads and even missing the baby too. I close the door over and sit in my living room alone as I scroll through the names and numbers in my phone looking to see if there’s anyone who should know about my aunt. There’s a few names of people I recognise from living with my aunt so I dial the first one and wait for an answer.

“Hello?”

“Hi. It’s Liam Jude here. I believe you know my aunt, Ella Jude, from the church? I think we met at my aunt’s birthday meal a few years ago and you gave me your number in case I ever wanted to come to your weekly group. I just wondered if you had heard about my aunt?”

“Oh yes, Liam, I remember you well. We were wondering why your aunt wasn’t in church this week. Is she ok?”

“I’m really sorry to tell you that she suddenly passed away yesterday. I was wondering if you could maybe let the church minister know and anyone else she knew in church. I know she went all the time.”

“Oh Liam! I’m so so sorry to hear this. Are you ok? Oh my goodness, of course you aren’t! I just don’t know what to say. Of course I will let the minister and his wife know. Andrew and Christine really knew your auntie well. She’s been coming to Ebenezer more years than they have and is so loved here at the church. I’m sure Andrew Watt will be keen to call you. Can I pass on your number to him? Oh Liam. We’ll all be praying for you love. What awful awful news.”

“Thank you. That would be good.”

I pause, not really sure what more to say.

“I moved to Ireland just over a month ago.”

“Oh love I hope you have someone helping you through this. It’s such a terrible thing when you lose someone close. I’ll add you to our prayer list right away. And your mum too of course. Emma isn’t it? She must be in bits.”

“She’s in Spain.”

“Oh love. Your aunt loved you so so much. She was always telling us how you were doing. I can’t quite believe this. She was just here at house group on Wednesday night too.”

“Did she seem unwell?”

“Not at all, no. She was looking forward to half term holidays and was talking about going away. I can’t quite believe that’s she’s passed….you will let us organise something at the church won’t you? For after the service. They’ll be so many keen to help out. Ella was ever so popular at the church. Everyone knew her.”

“Thanks. I’ll make sure the church know when the…the funeral will be. I think it might be a while though as there’s talk of a post-mortem. If you could let people know that would be good please Mabel. I’d better go. Bye.”

“Bye Liam. I’ll be praying for you love.”

I put the phone on the coffee table and take a deep breath. It’s like a bad dream. A terrible nightmare. A never ending horror story even.

I need a drink after that. Then I guess I had better try contacting my mum. I’m not sure if she’s even well enough to talk but she needs to know. I just wish it wasn’t me that had to tell her.

This wasn’t what coming to Ireland was meant to be like. I wanted to get away from Lauren Bennett but I didn’t expect that to mean losing my aunt, my dear aunt, the only person to not abandon me the minute something better came along, the only one to provide me with stability and calm.

How the fuck am I meant to carry on living without her?

*245*2021-10-08 14:58

Chapter 123

Megan

I pull up and park as close to St. Christopher’s primary as I can staying in the van as long as possible to avoid having to get Yasmin out. Chelsea’s school is the other side of town off the A20 towards Belfast and while it only took about twenty minutes to get there this morning it will take a bit of time to get out of the school traffic this end and I can’t risk being late to Clifton school. Parking there will be just as hard too judging by the volume of school buses and taxis I witnessed this morning. There’s parents chatting and waiting everywhere as I listen for the bell and watch the school gate closely. I can’t risk missing my brothers.

When the bell rings I get out the van, slide the side door open and stand in front of it as I anxiously scan all around for the boys. Kids come pouring out quickly, all dressed the same, the noise and bustle starting to upset and unsettle Yasmin in her borrowed car seat. I might have missed Rory if it hadn’t been for Anthony standing out among the younger children due to his height. I wave and call to my brothers praying they see me. As they walk out the gate I risk leaving my sister briefly to run towards her them to call them to the van.

“Climb in boys. You can get in the front if you want Anthony? Hurry. I need to be somewhere in less than half an hour!”

“Megan, can’t we just go home? Whose van is this? Where are we going anyway?”

“You both belted in? I’ll explain as I drive ok.”

It takes an age to get out past the school and out the estate onto the main roads. I can see Rory in the inside mirror talking to his sister and Anthony looking tense beside me so as I finally get into third gearas I pull onto the A20 I explain what’s happening.

“Chelsea, the girl I help care for, is highly stressed getting school transport. This is her parent’s van, well Chelsea’s really. I drove it this morning to her school to get her mam because she went in the school bus with Chelsea and she needed someone to drive her home. Liz, that’s Chelsea’s mam, asked if I could get Chelsea from school this afternoon because she got so upset on the school bus this morning. She let me have this van all day. I told her I needed to be home for both of you but she was really stuck because she can’t drive so I suggested picking you both up and we could all get Chelsea then once we drop her home we can all walk back to ours. It’s not that far. They live on the same estate as us.. What do you think of this van then Ant? It’s pretty cool don’t you think?”

“Ford Turneo independence. One of the most popular wheelchair assessable vehicles from memory and a very versatile MPV. Cool van, definitely. Is there no-one else at home then?”

“I don’t think so. Theresa should be home soon though, same with dad. We shouldn’t be long behind then. I’ll get dinner as soon as we get home if that’s what you’re worried about. Do they never feed you in school?”

“They do. Not up to much though. It wasn’t dinner though it’s just…don’t worry I was just thinking out loud. As you say we won’t be long until we’re back.”

I carry on driving following the in-built car sat nav carefully as the traffic builds up and the passengers all stop talking. I’m about half way to Clifton school when Rory suddenly blurts out from the back out of nowhere,

“Megan, do schools for disabled children have bathrooms like normal schools?”

“I expect so. Though they probably have more accessible toilets I would expect. Children like Chelsea often need adult support to use the toilet, like hoists or benches to lie on, that sort of thing. What made you ask that?”

“I was just wondering.”

He doesn’t say anything more and I don’t give it a second thought as I concentrate hard on finding the school again and then parking. I turn off the engine and I’m relieved to see there’s still almost five minutes before the bell is due to ring. I turn to check on Yasmin and Rory to let them know what’s about to happen. Rory is fidgety but that’s nothing unusual for him.

“It’s probably better if you three stay here and I’ll bring Yasmin over. The back of the van opens right out to make a ramp so I can wheel her chair right in but the car park gets really busy so it’s safer to stay here. You two boys will keep your sister entertained won’t you? I won’t be long.”

Anthony nods, though he remains quiet, but Rory gets antsy and immediately unclips his seat belt.

“Please can I come with you?”

I get out the driver’s side then walk around and slide the passenger back door open as my little brother jumps out straight away. I take his hand as we cross the car park towards the front door of Clifton school.

“Did you not want to stay in the van out the cold Rory?”

“I wanted to see Chelsea.”

“Fair enough.”

The buses are lined up in rows with drivers and escorts standing beside them all displaying lanyards. I realise suddenly I haven’t got anything to say who I am as I realise I had better pop into the school office to make sure they know I am here for Chelsea McGintley. I buzz the office and the door beeps and a light goes green to say I can enter. As an older friendly lady slides the glass hatch door open I smile at her as Rory annoyingly starts moving around like he’s got ants in his pants. I turn to tell him to behave as I smile back at the lady and tell her who I am and who I am here to collect.

“Ah yes. Mrs McGintley called earlier to say you would be picking up Courtney today. I’ll just phone along to her class now and see if someone can bring her along for you instead of her going out the usual way. We have the buses pick up at the side exit as it’s easier to keep the office clear. If you could just wait a minute please.”

I take a step back and glare at my younger brother who is still jiggling about hyper.

“Rory for goodness sake stand still will you. You’ll get in the way of everyone dancing about like that.”

“I’m sorry Meg. I just really really need the toilet! I’ve been holding the whole way here and I can barely keep it in now!”

I step over to him and bend my head to his level.

“Right. Ok. Can you wait until you get home do you think?”

“I really don’t think so.”

“Didn’t you go in school?”

“I forgot!”

“Right. Do your absolute best to keep it in and I’ll ask if you can use a toilet here before we leave. Are you absolutely sure you can’t wait until we get home.”

“I need it really bad.”

I sigh. As the office lady returns to confirm that Chelsea will be brought out to me at the office I swallow my pride, take pity on my brother, and ask quietly if he could possibly use their toilet.I don’t manage to hear her answer though as the school bell rings loudly drowning her out.

*246*2021-10-09 07:52

Chapter 124

Liam

Sipping at my hot coffee I scroll down my mobile for my mum’s phone number then press dial. There’s a brief pause before it begins to ring then I instantly lose courage and hang up. How am I even supposed to tell her about her sister when I know so little myself still? I notice the time on my phone and suddenly think about Megan. I don’t imagine she’s home yet and I assume she’s driving so decide not to text or call her for now. Instead I switch on the TV and finish my coffee as I watch some quiz show that I’m not even that interested in.

I must dose off as I wake to my mobile ringing on the coffee table beside my empty coffee mug. I grab it from the table as it bounces and vibrates edging ever closer to the edge. It takes me a few moments to place the voice on the other end, even after they introduce themselves. I scarcely know them but they were very close to my aunt and I can hear the emotion in their voice. Their kindness, genuineness and gentle voice somehow feels comforting as I welcome their support and offers of help. Their knowledge of what is supposed to happen and when is so appreciated too as the whole thing is so new and overwhelming to me.

Andrew Watt offers to conduct the funeral for free and adds that the church will also do a little tea afterwards too. I cringe at the idea of sipping tea in the back hall of Aunt Ella’s church having last set foot in the hall as a young child in Sunday school. I do agree though that it’s exactly what my aunt would have wanted. He asks me about dates and I stumble over my words trying to tell him about a post-mortem and the fact I now live in Northern Ireland.

I’m a but surprised when he still goes on about dates saying things like ‘in my experience’ and ‘in the past I found that’. It makes me wonder just how many of his parishioners have died or wether his previous occupation was as an undertaker? Nevertheless I am glad for his help as he ends the call sharing a recent lovely memory of my aunt and then praying for me. It makes me feel like I’m right back in Megan’s church and I wonder if I am meant to repeat anything after him? I don’t know so just settle for quietly repeating the amen at the end.

I put the phone back on the table and take my empty mug into the kitchen. Rinsing the mug I shiver as I quite suddenly need to pee so I turn the tap off, dry my hands on the tea towel and start walking quickly towards the loo when I nearly jump out my skin at something I see. The handle of my front door is moving and someone is pushing the door open! My jaw drops and my eyes stare as I prepare to shout at some cheeky intruder to scare them away when suddenly right in front of me I see Flavius with his usual backpack on his back. I know I ought to continue to the bathroom as I very much need to go but it suddenly feels impolite, rude even, as I instead smile at him and hold the door open for him to come in.

“Czesc Pan Jude!”

I’m guessing that’s ‘Hello Mr Jude’ in whatever language he speaks so I nod and close the door behind him. While I wasn’t particularly expecting him it does feel comforting to not be alone anymore even if we don’t speak the same language. He turns and uses his hand to gesture for a drink so I abandon my toilet trip for the time being and head to the kitchen. Flavius follows, pulling his backpack off his back as he sits on the same dining chair Megan sat on earlier and nods when I open the fridge and point to some cold cans of Lidl’s own brand cola. I hand him a can and take one myself as Flavius pulls the ring pull, drinks a large amount quickly then puts the can on the table, miming driving with his hands and commenting,

“Dlugi dzien jazdy!”

I’m guessing he’s been driving all day and been thirsty. I sip at my own can whilst standing leaning on my kitchen counter very aware I need to piss but not wanting to rush off and be seen as impolite.

“Dziękuję Ci”, Flavius continues with a thumbs up. I wish I knew what language he spoke so I could at least say something back but I copy his thumbs up anyway and sip my cola hoping that Flavius goes to his room or even into the living room so I can politely leave him to use the toilet. Watching my house guest drinking the rest of his can only increases my need exponentially. I cross my legs and frantically try thinking of any excuse I can to nip to my own loo. Flavius smiles, clearly unaware of the urgency in my body as he crushes his empty can in his hand and points to my fridge to request another one. As I bend down to reach into my fridge to get him a second can a strong pulsation from my bladder hits me and I feel my manhood twitching in my shorts as it begs me to pee right this instant!

I place the can on the table in front of Flavius and turn to rush to my toilet before I embarrass myself when I feel tapping on my back. I turn, gasping and trying hard not to swear as I slip a hand desperately into my shorts pocket to squeeze my dick while I now face my house guest frustratedly.

“Pan Jude…”

Fuck Flavius just hurry the fuck up with whatever you want me for so I can fucking piss man!

I grit my teeth and smile though inwardly I want to yell as I massage my penis through my pocket as another spasm hits hard. I have no idea what the man in front of me is saying but I can now, at last, work out what he thought was so urgent as he pulls his wallet out his backpack and hands me £60.

Of course I need his money but I also urgently need something else and if he doesn’t stop chatting to me my shorts will end up being my second item of clothing drenched in piss in one day!

I take the money and grip my dick as tightly as I can as I give him another thumbs up while gritting my teeth.

*247*2021-10-09 08:39

Chapter 125

Megan

The older lady from the office opens the double doors to take Rory in, much to his relief, and mine, while I wait for Chelsea to be brought out and Rory to return. Both appear back at a similar time with Rory looking embarrassed but much more comfortable. The assistant with Chelsea says goodbye to her and I take over pushing the chair while Rory follows me.

Back at the van Rory loves watching as I open the back doors and pull the built in ramp down, wheel Courtney in and secure her chair. I ask Anthony if Yasmin was ok while I was gone and he turns to face me and simply nods. Getting out the car park of the school is slow and tedious and I look over at Ant who is staring out the side window looking subdued.

“Once we’re out of this bit we should get going quick. You got any homework to do tonight?”

He briefly looks my way then back out the side window, his body turned a little on the front seat.

“Just the usual spelling and maths. Do you reckon dad or Theresa might be home yet?”

“They should be. You worried they’ll be wondering where we all are?”

He mumbles back then suddenly suggests it might be better if I drop him and Rory home first. I have to concentrate to get back on the busy A20 so pause before answering him.

“Mmm. I guess I could.”

Still looking out the window he replies with a quick ‘thanks’ and I carry on driving with the three younger passengers all settled in the back. It isn’t until I indicate to pull off the A road that Anthony speaks again.

“Are we almost there yet?”

“Yeah. Just 5 to 10 minutes more depending on traffic. You look tired. Long day at school?”

“Kind of. We had one of the English teachers from Holy Trinity College this afternoon talking about what it will be like at high school.”

“It wasn’t Mr. Napier was it? He hated me!”

“It was Miss O’Grady. She was young.”

“She must be new. Did you enjoy it?”

“A bit but I sort of…”

“You ok?”

“I was a bit distracted nearer the end. Megan, are all the teachers there really strict?”

“Some are but some are ok. Was she strict with you today then?”

“Yeah. She shouted at Ethan for not paying attention and when Reece asked to go to the toilet she shouted at him too saying that in high school you can only go at break and lunch. I’m not sure I want to go to high school now to be honest. Are we nearly back home yet?”

“Really close now. Will you tell dad and Theresa where I am when you get in please? I won’t be long until I get back and then I’ll get dinner sorted.”

Anthony doesn’t reply but I know he heard me and I’m sure he’ll do as I asked as we finally pull into the Bloomfield estate. I indicate to pull into our street as Anthony starts undoing his seat belt in anticipation. As he half stands up holding the handle on the van door as I pull to a stop I wonder if he’ll do me a quick favour to save me getting out.

“Don’t forget to tell dad and Theresa where I am will you? Can you slide the door open to let your brother out too please? It clicks as you slide it closed. Cheers Ant. See you shortly ok.”

I keep the engine running as I look in the internal mirror watching Anthony slide the door open and Rory climbing out. He slides the door closed easily as I press to put the front windows down and hear my brothers as they go in the gate.

“I’ll tell dad once I get back downstairs Rory. I just need to run to the loo real fast. You will need to let me go first today. I can’t wait another minute!”

“It’s fine. I went at the other school when we collected the little girl. There’s no way I could have waited until now. Can I set up the Xbox?”

I don’t hear anymore as I push the windows up and drive the girls to Courtney’s house actually realising that I could do with using the loo again sometime soon too. It’s been an eventful day and the last time I went was at Liam’s hours ago when I went all over my skirt and Liam’s jeans. I really must put the washing machine on when I get back too, and I mustn’t forget to let dad and the others all know that mam’s now out of high dependency.

I park the van outside Courtney’s where Liz is waiting as she helps me get her daughter out the van then holds Yasmin while i put her buggy up and get the changing bag out.

“Thank you Megan.”

“Any word on them getting an escort yet?”

“Not for tomorrow no. I don’t know how much more desperate they want me to get to be honest with you. They just don’t seem to care about the kids. It all just money to them.”

“My older sister is off tomorrow. If it would help I can see if she’ll watch Yasmin so I can take Chelsea if you’d like?”

Liz looks tearful.

“That would be so amazing. You really are our angel Megan. Thank you so so much.”

“See you tomorrow about 8:15. If anything changes I’ll text you. I better get back and feed everyone. Bye.”

