Indra vs Kira

Author: holditin

*000*2014-09-29 20:07

I just wanted to give a little introduction to this latest story of mine. It was not written how all my others have been, sitting at my computer and typing away. Rather, this one was written on my phone during bus rides to work over a span of many months. I looked it over and believe there are no plot holes or egregious repeats of words, but if there are, that's the reason for it. After finishing it on my phone, I went onto my computer and typed it all out, which took nearly a week's worth of free time to finish. So I hope everyone enjoys it, because I put in a lot of work to make it happen.

Also, if anyone has future story ideas they'd like to see, as long as they involve a bladder of steel or two, be sure to message them to me. I love hearing new ideas. And without further ado, here's Indra vs Kira.

Day 1

Growing up as a girl in India, my parents tended to be strict with me on certain issues. My bedtime, meal portions, and most central to this particular story, my bathroom habits. You see, in the area we lived in, sanitary bathrooms were not exactly easy to come by. This problem was doubled by the fact that I was a girl, because while men had no hesitation in whipping it out and taking a leak on a side road, it was considered extremely indecent for me to pop a squat in any but the most enclosed of spaces.

Unfortunately, luck was not on my side in this matter, because growing up I had always had a bladder that was, shall we say, below average. That’s probably putting it kindly, as my parents would complain to no end about my lack of control. But whether they tried forbidding bathroom breaks, mandating regular sphincter training, or even messing with liquid intake, it didn’t make a difference. I was just as liable to pee myself no matter what, a fact that brought my parents great shame. I couldn’t deal with the constant embarrassment, and when an opportunity arose for me to escape the situation, I took it.

A special exchange program had been set up with some high schools in my district of India and some in the southern United States of America. I graded highly enough in my studies to qualify for the opportunity, and I jumped at the chance. My parents didn’t really question my decision, and I think they realized it would be best for everyone involved. Two weeks later I was a freshman at Houston Area High School in beautiful Texas. All exchange students were set up in college style apartments, and though we were admittedly young to basically be living on our own, we all quickly got the hang of it.

An interesting thing happened when I was finally free from the burden of my parents; constant pressure – my bladder control began to improve. At first I thought I was just imagining things, but as my pees became more and more volumous, I had to admit that my bladder actually seemed to be getting bigger. Before long I wasn’t peeing at all during the school day, and after such a long time of hating my weak bladder, I quickly began gaining pride in my new and improved holding tank. Even my classmates began to take notice of how long I was waiting before relieving myself. By my senior year I was a bona fide All Day Girl. My bladder of steel always seemed to have extra room, no matter how much I drank or how long I went without a bathroom break.

As my senior year drew to a close, my parents made arrangements to come and visit for the graduation, followed by a trip around the US, as they had never been there before and intended to take it all in. As we chatted on the phone a week prior to the visit, making final preparations, I casually mentioned that I was much better at waiting for bathroom breaks now. Instead of the flood of well wishes I expected to receive for this comment, my mother gave a short laugh, one quickly echoed by my father, and sarcastically told me that that was good. She then changed the subject entirely. It was clear to me that she didn’t believe me in the slightest. When the conversation ended I found myself nearly heartbroken by this… But then my demeanor changed. If they weren’t going to believe me, then the only way to prove it to them would be to show them in person.

My graduation took place on a cool Saturday evening at a converted church, of all places. My parents were both in attendance, along with my older sister Kira. Oh Kira, as happy as I was to see my older sister, just now finishing her studies in engineering at a respected Indian university, I couldn’t help but be reminded of how she was the favorite sibling of Mom and Dad. Not only was she admittedly more studious than I and regarded as a much better and more proper Indian woman, but Kira also kept my parents’ favor by way of her iron bladder control. While I was complaining of holding it after mere hours, Kira would be showing no greater sign of needing a toilet than pressing her thighs together, often waiting the better part of a day before seeking relief. I was sure she had kept up with her bladder training while at university, but secretly I hoped my capacity had overtaken hers.

I was backstage, waiting for the graduation ceremony to begin, when I peered to the seating area and saw my family choosing a good vantage point from which to spot me. I watched as Kira held the seats while my parents visited the lavatories. While they still prided their daughters on their ability to last without a restroom, age had finally caught up to them in this regard. Kira seemed to be keeping her legs close together, but otherwise looked as calm and frankly as beautiful and perfect as she had years ago when I had seen her last.

I had no shame admitting that she was the taller, prettier sister, but hopefully I could now make the case for being the better-bladdered sister. In accordance with my plan to achieve this end, I took another long swig from the water bottle I was carrying with me. Two others sat empty in a waste bin, consumed in the hour since I’d arrived at the church. I’d relieved myself at noon and that was it. Now it was closing in on 7 pm, so I was definitely feeling something building up inside me, but thanks to my newfound status as an All Day Girl, there was no urgency.

Finally, at 7, the ceremony began. Truthfully it was overly long and induced severe boredom, both among the graduates and the audience, but it was still a rush to hear the name “Indra Patil” boom over the pa system as I made my way across the stage. I beamed as my family shouted and cheered for me, and that high was enough to sustain me until we were all made free to go at 9 pm.

“Indra, darling! That was wonderful!” My mother yelled with delight as she hugged me tight in the lobby. My father was next, more compoased but as happy as I’d ever seen him nonetheless. Big sis gave me a good hug as well, and I was on cloud 9 when my mother suddenly asked, “Do you need to use the bathroom before we leave for the hotel?” I furrowed my brow and replied incredulously, “Isn’t it only a 15 minute ride from here?”

“Well yes,” my mom replied, “But I just wanted to make sure you’d be alright. That was a long ceremony, after all, and I know you’re not like Kira. You haven’t gone since the airport back in Mumbai, have you?” Kira shook her head, demurely so as not to embarrass me further, but clearly still proud of her bladder’s lasting ability. I still noticed my sister’s closely held legs and took note that the long hold was taking its toll. While my own bladder was also nagging me due to the three waters I’d chugged down, I made a point to stand with my legs apart as I responded, “It’s ok. I’m not a little girl anymore. I can hold it if I need to. I was actually hoping we could go out to dinner before we hit the hotel.”

My father merely shrugged as if to say “your funeral” while my mother regarded me with a look that mixed slight shock with begrudging respect. She then turned to my sister, no doubt aware that Kira had probably been expecting to get free from her long held waters within the hour. “Is that ok with you?” My mother asked her. No mention was made of Kira’s bladder state, but the implication was clear. My mother knew my iron bladdered sister had been holding on for most of the day, and she didn’t want to push the golden goose too far. Tension hung in the air, however, because it was not often that Kira even needed to be consulted about such a matter. But my sister, my perfect, irrepressible sister, just smiled and nodded, “Of course, dinner would be lovely!” Only my well-trained eye saw that her smile was fake.

And so we went to a nearby steakhouse for some much needed sustenance. My family was unaccustomed to the Texas cuisine but quickly grew to enjoy it, despite “its lack of anything resembling spice” as my father put it. by the time we’d reached the restaurant those water bottles were definitely wanting to come out of me, but I just handled the increasing pressure and sipped at my medium Coke. I was used to enduring classes with more of an urge than this, so I knew I’d be ok. Kira was also drinking sporadically from her glass of water, but I caught a glimpse of her legs under the table, and they were crossed at the ankles. She was keeping her composure quite well, however, and I wondered briefly if I’d underestimated her bladder capacity.

As dinner progressed and Kira’s need didn’t seem to increase, my skepticism in my own bladder returned. Here I was, a confident girl with a bladder that had grown enough to take on all comers in the last couple of years, but as soon as I found myself in the same situation I’d faced so many times as a kid, it was like I reverted back to the state of mind I had all those years ago. Suddenly my brain was telling me that my bladder wasn’t big enough or strong enough to last, especially compared to my ever so perfect big sis.

Dinner was finished by 10 and with nothing left to distract me, my bladder felt like a lead weight in my abdomen. At this point I couldn’t tell how much of my urgency was psychological and how much was the 2 plus liters of liquid I’d consumed wanting to escape. As we readied to rise from the table, I was presented with a defining choice. I could admit my need to my parents, follow them dutifully but shamefully to the restrooms and pee to my heart’s content while Kira and her superbladder waited outside. This was the safe option. I’d already lasted longer than any of my family expected, after all.

The point had been made to an adequate degree, and maybe, just maybe, I’d held long enough to earn my parents’ respect. Or…I could follow through with my original plan. I could wait longer, and trust that my bladder had enough space and strength in it to last until we reached the hotel. I could prove that my bladder was now a match for Kira. I was on shaky legs as I got up from the table, more from the gravity of the choice in front of me than from my desperation. I glanced over at Kira as she stood. When she thought no one was looking, my sister pressed her legs together hard. It only lasted a second before she went back to standing normally, but I had seen it, and that bit of desperation inspired me. Kira’s bladder was strong, but it wasn’t superhuman. She needed relief at some point too. Perhaps I could last as long.

Gritting my teeth to keep from opening my mouth and backing out of my risky decision to continue holding, I followed my family towards the bathrooms. My father entered the men’s room with a grunt, and my mom walked towards the ladies’. When she got to the door she realized that I was not behind her, and turned to ask me, “Aren’t you using the bathroom now dear? You haven’t gone since just before the ceremony.” I nearly just shook my head as a response, but when my mother added that second sentence so naturally, as if it was obvious that I’d peed my tiny bladder empty right before walking on stage because that was surely the only way I’d lasted this long, I couldn’t help but issue a confident retort. “Don’t worry mother. I can wait until I am at a more proper place.” My mother again gave me that look I’d seen so rarely out of her, a mixture of respect and bewilderment, before entering the bathroom to relieve herself.

My sister and I stood and made chitchat, both clearly very much in need of the toilets that were now mere feet away, but both continuing to resist them out of pride and good manners. If Kira was impressed with my holding ability thus far she certainly wasn’t showing it. I consoled my ego by telling it that she was clearly just much too desperate to pay me the proper attention. But soon enough our parents returned. Thankful to be spared of more awkwardness, I began to walk out of the restaurant. “Indra, are you sure you don’t also need to go?” My mom asked from behind me. This time I just smiled and shook my head.

We arrived at the hotel at 11 at night. 11 hours since I’d seen the inside of a restroom, and probably a few more than that for poor Kira. Despite my sister’s reputation, she was obviously eager to get to our room and free herself from her load of pee. Our room was on the 3rd floor, and when we reached it Kira was the first to enter. She put down her purse on one of the beds while the rest of us entered and quickly made her way into the bathroom situated near the front door. To say she ran in or desperately entered is to do a disservice to Kira’s composure. Her huge bladder is known in my family for a reason, after all. But at the same time, the large amount of urine she was containing clearly needed exit soon, one way or another.

My own bladder was beginning to brim with fullness, and I feared that my composure probably didn’t far exceed my sister’s at this moment. I clenched my sphincter hard in anticipation of having to hear Kira’s stream pounding the toilet bowl, and my intuition was correct. There were a few seconds of rustling sounds, followed by a loud hiss as Kira’s piss finally escaped her. My own bladder began to spasm at the sound. It was all I could do to bunch my hands up in my graduation robe and not hold myself openly. I knew that if I did I’d lose all the respect I’d built up with my parents over the course of the night. After perhaps two minutes Kira’s stream dwindled and stopped. It was a piss to remember, and normally I’d be marveling at my sister’s unbelievable bladder capacity. But after my time in America, I was no longer as impressed. In fact, I thought I could take her.

Another minute and Kira exited the bathroom, looking truly comfortable for the first time in hours. My father was busy unpacking, but my mother leaned over and told Kira, “It was good of you to wait.” That was about as close as my parents would ever get to addressing someone else’s bladder need, even in private. Kira nodded to her, equal parts confident and delighted to have made her mother happy. Then my sister turned to me, and I saw her smile waver just a bit as she looked me in the eye. In the good old days such a urinary feat would have been met with reverence, respect, and perhaps a tinge of jealousy from me. But as I looked back at her, I knew she saw none of those elements in my visage now. It was time to put the final stage of my plan into action.

Casually I walked to the bathroom. My bladder began spasming again with its relief now so near at hand, but I forced myself to continue walking normally. I entered, took off my grad robe, pulled down the skirt I had underneath, then my sliiightly skimpy panties, and released. The whole day of tanking up on drinks had led to this moment, and I hoped it would be worth it. My urine began to hit the water below it, first as a pitter patter, but steadily increasing in volume and strength. 15 seconds into my pee and it sounded nearly like a jet was taking off in the bathroom. Being in such an enclosed space, it was tough to gage how loud my pee was compared to my sister’s, but either way I knew without a doubt that everyone in the bedroom could hear what I was pouring into the toilet.

I tried to stop it, but as the waterfall continued to emanate from my vagina, a moan of pleasure escaped my lips. I loved being able to contain so much pee for so long, but when it finally had to come out, the relief was sure worth it. Another minute passed and I felt myself starting to grow empty. Wanting to make this as good a show as possible to my sure to be listening family, I squeezed off my flow until it was a mere trickle. I let that thin stream go on for a good 20 seconds, no problem for my sphincter muscles, even after such a taxing hold, just to let them all think I was about ready to finish up. Then I bore down with everything I had, instantly flushing the rest of my piss out of my stretched bladder and into the bowl. The hiss this produced was extraordinary, as what had to be a half liter of pee was expelled from me in a matter of seconds.

Empty at last, I breathed deeply, trying to compose myself. Inside, my mind was a whirlwind, wondering how my family would react to such a display, especially from the supposed runt of the litter, bladder-wise. I quickly pulled my garments back up, heart beating like crazy, washed my hands, and reentered the bedroom. My parents were making a show of busying themselves with unpacking, but I could tell it was a put on. The tension in the room was palpably thick. My newfound bladder capacity was the elephant in the room.

As I prepped for bed I saw Kira staring at me. Her face showed concentration, but also something else. Then she nodded slightly and went to change. I pondered that look for an hour as I tried to fall asleep on the hard hotel bed, and finally I figured it out, just before I drifted off to sleep. While I’d intended for my huge piss to be the end of my plan, in reality I’d just thrown the gauntlet down. Kira’s nod was her way of saying, “Ok Indra, my little sister, you want to act like you have the iron bladder in this family. You’ll have to prove it. Consider the challenge accepted.”

“Challenge accepted indeed,” I breathed as sleep took its hold on me.
