Date Panic! - Page 8

Author: OmoCommando

*187*2014-02-09 22:55

I think the most popular choices were video games and sports so we'll give those two a shot.

###

"My favorite activities are playing a variety of sports, and I'm also an avid player of video games." you say.

"Hm." Nikki grins slightly. "What kind of sports?"

"Oh…" You think for a minute. "Well you know, I mostly just play for fun and stuff so I've tried a lot of different sports without really sticking to any single one. I've even done a little martial arts."

"Fascinating."

Your conversation on various sports doesn't go on too long. While she showed initial interest, it quickly died down. You decide to move to the next topic: Video games.

"So tell me your favorite video game." You say.

"I don't play a lot, but games like Skyrim where you're free to do so much different stuff are pretty fun." Nikki replies. "Minecraft is also a personal favorite."

Nikki seems to be at least somewhat into this topic. Her neutral demeanor makes it difficult to truly gauge her interest though. Chances are this isn't exactly a passion of hers but at least you found some common ground.

Now what?

> Continue discussing video games

What do you like about Skyrim/Minecraft? (specify which) My favorite game is _____. Do you prefer vampires or werewolves in Skyrim? What's your favorite Minecraft mod? > Start discussing other potential interests

Back to sports My favorite book is ______. Art Tech Peeing Other > Start discussing something more personal

What was your family like growing up? What were you like as a kid? Have you figured out your calling in life? What do you hate most about the dating process? What makes you laugh? > Start discussing something really heavy

What is your opinion on gay marriage? Evolution or creation? Stem cell research: Is it ethical? Thoughts on abortion? > Pretend to go to the bathroom to ask your friend for some tips.

Current Trust Level: Comfortable

(If you can come up with a better question for Nikki, feel free to use it. These are only some basic first date questions)

*199*2014-02-17 11:47

"Tell me what makes you laugh." you say.

"'What makes me laugh'?" Nikki gives you a confused look. "Umm… well… uh… okay now I'm kinda on the spot here." Nikki shuffles about, rocking back and forth with her hands folded in her lap. Her pale face turns the slightest shade of red.

"Well… I can't really think of anything in particular that makes me laugh. I mean I love a few ironic puns here and there. I know a good joke when I hear one. Other than that, however, I guess I'm just not too much of a funny girl at heart." She looks at you. "What makes you laugh?"

You're about to answer when a waiter arrives with a plate of succulent lobster and a pair of drinks.

### one hour later ---

The two of you are stuffed, but happy. As the waiter passes by again, you pay the bill.

[cR remaining: 110]

Nikki smiles contently and pats her stomach. "That was quite delicious! Thank you for the wonderful meal!" She begins to stir in her seat then. "Erm… would you mind if I used the ladies' room real quick?"

How should you reply?

> "Y-You're not trying to ditch me, are you!?"

> "Do you really have to go? Can we go play a few more games first?"

> "Hold on! We still haven't had dessert!"

> Allow her to go

> Ask if you can go with her (ambiguous player gender makes this option, and all those related to it impossible x.x)

> Other

Current Trust Level: Very comfortable (or so you hope)

