Only At Home

Author: danii

*000*2016-02-03 02:40

Been wanting to write a new story for a while, but I've been really uninspired so here is a generic, wet herself after a meeting story, haha. Hopefully I will have some better ideas soon and add some more tales of Alisons bladder, but for now I hope this isn't too awful!

Alison had been blessed with a large bladder naturally, which was pretty lucky for her considering her hatred of using public restrooms. It all had started when she was a child, her mother had been the same way, and rarely ever gave her permission to go out in public. She wasn't cruel, she just thought that public toilets were disgusting, so while she never made Alison hold it to the point of being In pain, she did try to urge her to wait until they got home, and this was a habit that had had stuck with her long after her childhood years.

Right now though, the size of her bladder wasn't the problem, it was the aching fullness of her that was worrying her. No matter how large her bladder may be, ​everyone has a limit, as Alison herself had learned the hard way a few times before, after overestimating her ability and getting stuck in several very desperate situations, usually ending up with, at the very least, a large wet spot in her panties when she finally did give in and rush to the bathroom.

Alison also had another little secret about her bladder...not only did she refrain from going anywhere but home unless it was absolutely necessary, after spending so much of her time with a full bladder, she had grown to enjoy the feeling. There was something about the throbbing fullness that made her feel naughty, and it turned her on unlike anything else. Of course she would never admit this to anyone.

And right now, anyways, after holding in several bottles of water and cups of coffee she had drank since leaving her home at 7 a.m. this morning, she was way past the point of enjoying it. She'd filled up extra fast this morning, after drinking more than usual during an early morning meeting, and planned to sneak home during her lunch break to relieve her already complaining bladder. But she'd had no such luck.

Just as she'd got up to leave for lunch, her phone had rang with some emergency that couldn't be put off, and by the time the matter was resolved, it was an hour and a half later, and quickly approaching time for her next meeting, as her bladder also approached it's limit. On her way to the meeting, she gave the bathrooms a longing glance, but she was resolved to hold it. It was very uncomfortable, and she knew she'd be cutting it close, but she was still in control for the time, she could do this, or at least that is what she tried to assure herself.

Now, though, as the meeting dragged on and on, she was cursing her decision to wait. The coffee she'd drank while on the phone during lunch had now made its way into her already complaining bladder, forcing to hold even more than it was accustomed to. She tried to pull her waistband out a bit, to keep it from putting even more pressure on her overfilled abdomen but didn't want to draw attention to her plight.

She sat with her back arched, trying and failing to apply some much needed pressure against her pee-hole. Sweat began to form on her forehead, as she strained to maintain her composure while holding back more than she ever had in her life. Her hands now rested on her lap, trying to look relaxed but not managing to, she pressed hard into her lap, trying to find the strength to clench her exhausted muscles even tighter. She stuttered out short replies without really paying attention, silently begging for the meeting to end, SOON!

With a small gasp, she sat up even straighter, re-crossing her legs, as a small drop managed to leak past her tired muscles. She knew this feeling, the panic creeping up in her chest as her aching bladder screamed at her to find somewhere, anywhere to go. She knew she couldn't wait much longer, maybe five minutes if she was lucky, before spurts started to slip out, forming a wet spot that would be highly noticeable in her tan dress pants.

She rose up suddenly as her bladder spasmed again, realizing that she was either going to have to leave, or sit her and wet herself. She was absolutely bursting, the pressure nearly too great to hold back anymore. She'd been desperate so many times, and even had a few accidents, but never had her poor bladder ever been this full. Her waistband was way too tight, forcing her to hunch over to keep from wetting herself from the extra pressure it placed. She muttered an excuse about being ill, apologized, and quickly hobbled from the room, trying to disguise her desperation but not really caring if anyone knew or not at this point.

Having no choice other than to use the bathroooms that she hated so much, she rushed quickly to the ladies across the hall, gasping to herself as she tried to keep the ocean of pee inside her just a few more moments. She could no longer hold it back using her muscles alone, though, and drops of pee quickly started to leak out her tired pee-hole. She moaned, wanted to stop right there and enjoy the relief, but forced herself to tighten back up, keep it in just a bit longer, finally forced to shove her fingers into her crotch, trying to press hard enough to hold back the flood.

She reached the door, finally, groaning, though, when she realized it was locked. Her other hand dropped to her crotch as she bent over frantically, dancing around, trying to contain all her liquid until she made it to the toilet. It was an impossible task, she quickly realized, she was TOO full. With pee slowly starting to leak past her fingers, she rushed as quickly as she could into her office, wondering briefly what she was going to do, before the situation resolved itself.

As she slammed the door shut behind her, her bladder decided it'd had enough of the torture, and with a final moan, her hands dropped away, allowing the tidal wave of pee to burst out at last. Her crotch was quickly soaked, followed by her pants and shoes. She looked down in embarrassment at the puddle quickly expanding around her. It felt so good to finally let go, she almost didn't care. But how on earth was she going to explain this to her boss?

