(Futanari) New white pants

Author: Ankonia

*000*2021-12-30 13:56

Warning- this story contains Futanari characters-

As the new day had already dawned, Sophia was awakened by the alarm clock that marked 9:00 a. m. After getting up she goes to the bathroom to get rid of her urge to urinate, after having done her toilet she takes off her clothes for the night to take a shower. As she undressed she admired her beautiful body, her big round ass, her beautiful tits and her 6-inch penis in the mirror. After taking a shower she goes for a large coffee and a glass of orange juice thinking about what to do today.

Suddenly a notification arrives on her phone, it was a friend of hers who sent her for a drink in the city center in an hour. The city center is only a 5 minute walk from Sophia's house so she had plenty of time to prepare. She went to her room to change and decided to wear a pair of white panties, white bra, a gray fitted crop top and her new high-waisted white fitted pants, which made the shape of his penis noticeable through the panties.

After an hour she was ready to go when she feels a little need to pee, she decided to ignore it and bring a bottle of water to stay hydrated. Arriving in the city, after running out of water, she meets her friend with some other companions outside a bar where she joins to have something together. While they were there, time passed very quickly and all the liquids that Sophia had drunk did not take long to reach the bladder. After more than an hour that Sophia was with her friends, her urge to pee increased dramatically.

As she finished drinking her refreshing drink, a small splash of pee made her panties wet slightly and Sophia from the fright suddenly got up from her chair and quickly greeted her friends while another small shot of pee wet her panties again. The friends, surprised, asked why all this haste and Sophia invented the excuse of having forgotten the window of the house open. But while she was preparing to leave, a friend noticed a tiny yellow spot on her pants in the penis area, she also pointed it out to the other friends who began to laugh in a low voice. Sophia didn't notice that they were laughing at her and I started walking home, avoiding the public toilets because she absolutely didn't want to use them. She walked with small steps and crossed legs to avoid getting her panties wet again and risking dirtying her pants.

After just walking for a minute, another small squirt of pee decided to go out, Sophia looking down and noticed a small yellow spot on her pants in the penis area. At that moment he decided to walk faster so as not to make the situation worse. After two minutes another spray comes out and the stain becomes slightly larger. After 30 seconds another leak causes that yellow spot on the zipper to increase in diameter (because the penis was erect straight up just below the zipper). At this moment both of Sophia's hands are on the penis, blocking further losses. Just a minute from home, after experiencing another loss, she hears her name screaming behind her. It was her best friend Emma (also Futanari) who starts talking for some time. Emma while she was talking occasionally looked down and noticed a yellow stain on the white pants of her best friend Sophia.

The stain was the size of a ping pong ball on the zippered area, and as he continued to speak he noticed that every now and then the stain became moist and increased in size followed by the constant movement of Sophia's legs. Emma, understood that Sophia was going to get her pants wet, at first to avoid embarrassing her friend, says nothing, but then noticing Sophia's desperate face and her constant movement and the continuous enlargement of the stain on the zipper of her pants , who was now as big as a tennis ball, takes courage and asks Sophia if she was okay and she almost starts to cry admitting that she is about to get wet.

Emma starts laughing and after teasing her lets Sophia go home. Sophia in the last stretch of the road that remained her pee came out in small repetitive sprays as she cried in despair with her legs tightly together and her hands on her penis. Arriving in front of the entrance of the house, while she was desperately looking for the keys in her purse, she felt that the pee was starting to come out with a small trickle that was reaching her legs but as soon as she opened the door and entered the house she completely lost control by letting the pee with a very strong pressure, completely wetting the pants and even getting to wet the front part of the tight top. I continue like this for an infinite period, while she was on her knees in her huge puddle of pee now in tears. After emptying her bladder she threw the new pair of pants on the floor and went to wash herself thinking of the fool she had made with her best friend Emma.

Hello! I hope you enjoyed the story and if you want more stories just let me know!

