The Brown Gown

Author: DefecateDarlin

*000*2023-03-16 19:50

Warning: this is a story that heavily features messing with some wetting. If you’re not into the mess/#2 aspect, I respectfully ask you to turn back now. My user name kind of indicates my preference. Thank you *curtsey*

Hiyacinth lived on the edge of a forest and was a member of the lower nobility in a small kingdom. Known for her kindness and grace, her beauty was also that which was desired by many men in the neighboring realms. Dark brown curls cascaded down her back and gray eyes reflected a youthful wisdom that seemed older than her 22 years. Though charmed at court and pursued since her coming-of-age six years previous, Hyacinth enjoyed her freedom. Her days with filled with study of nature and explorations of the world around her.

This day brought her in pursuit of delicious purple berries to bake into a pie for the upcoming gala. It was to celebrate the betrothal of a dear friend and she wanted to gather enough berries for the pie and for herself. The day was warm and sunny as streaks of light beamed through the canopy and Hyacinth was inspired to wear a pretty yellow gown. Though she longed for trousers that men could wear, society still dictated no ankles be shown and her dress was already a little snug in the bodice, stomach, and posterior. She slid her feet into her leather walking shoes and complete with a basket and shawl, her endeavor began.

As she walked, she began to think about the gala. She was very happy for Clothilde and Philip as they were well-suited for each other. She began to think of the suitors vying for her hand and what that would mean for her. She was already past the standard age in which young women began to wed, and Clothilde herself was four years her junior. What man would allow her to continue her pursuits instead of expecting her to deliver his heirs and run his household? Hyacinth snickered at the thought and surprised herself as a sneaky toot unexpectedly squeaked from her cheeks.

“Maybe that is why my dress is tight. I have not evacuated in a few days. Perhaps I can relieve myself in a while.”

The location of the berries was drawing near and Hyacinth felt the need to piss. She went off trail, pulled her knickers aside and let a hot little stream water the plant life as she hummed to herself. She pulled them back into place; did it a little too quickly as she dribbled a little more and now they were a bit wet. “A wee bit of wee wee!” she giggled. She stood up, noticing a few glistening golden droplets on the leaves and continued on.

The bushes were fat with juicy purple berries and abundant to the point that the leaves were choked. Hyacinth’s mouth glistened as her stomach rumbled and she flew into a run, her damp panties rubbing against her lady parts tenderly. She put her shawl on the ground to spare dirtying her knees and fervently plucked the plump treats from their branches. She plucked one in her mouth, moaning quietly as the juice burst through the skin and flooded her tongue with ripe sweetness. She then began to merrily relieve the bush of the burden, delivering two per basket and one in her mouth as her stomach continued to grumble in hunger.

When her parcel and belly were full, Hyacinth picked up her shawl once brushing it free from forest debris, wrapped it around her shoulders. By now her panties were dry again and she leisurely traversed the trail while letting her thoughts meander.

She chose the route that would bring her to the old worn cobbled bridge, knowing that she wore her comfortable shoes. However, as she drew closer a strange pain flared in her stomach. Hyacinth knew she wasn’t hungry, she ate plenty of berries, so she knelt down by the brook. The sun was warm overhead so she drew off her shawl and dipped it in the clear bubbling water, dripping it into her mouth. The delicious mountain cast-off cooled her thirst and she repeated the gesture a few more times. She rejoined the path and another pain stopped her in her tracks, followed by several loud gurgles and what felt like a brick sliding through her belly.

“Oh, perhaps I wasn’t as hungry as I thought. I think the berries helped to hasten my waste. I’d best proceed so I don’t have to poo in the woods.”

Hyacinth began to walk the uneven cobbles when a spasm hit and several bursts of air issued forth from her bowels. She let out an “Oof!” as she gripped the splintered railing as the sloshy mixture of porridge, ale, and berries raced toward her bodily exit. Sweat began to bead on the back of her neck dampening her hair as she closed her eyes and grit her teeth. Not only would she not make it home, she didn’t think she’d make it off the bridge. She couldn’t foul the roadway, nor could she pollute the water. Hyacinth began to grunt as she was desperate to hold her cheeks closed against the large quantity of muck that was desperate to be released. The sounds issuing forth from her bowels were unnatural and reminded her a little of the trumpets that foretold important announcements.

Hyacinth inched her way across the bridge as her bowels began to become more forceful. “I can’t poo myself, I still have such a long walk,” she thought miserably. She very carefully sat down hoping the stones would give added pressure against her quivering backside blossom. She calmed herself, willing her intestines to hold on before she could expel the contents in the forest growth.

A loud squawking bird caught her off guard and with a gasp, she looked up. At the same time, her backdoor flew open and she noisily began to fill her panties with semi-solid logs.

“What-I’m…nnnngrhh!” The poo oozed out of her bum, one after the other, sloppily flooding her knickers until they overflowed and then plopping onto the less-worn portion of the cobbles.

*plurp* *splursh splursh PMMMMMPFF* *glorp* Hyacinth was mortified by the tremendously unladylike sounds that were unleashed from the digestive contents that poured forth. Her panties overflowed, sagging so that she could already feel part of her cheeks exposed under her dress. The load continued once the logs had broken off to become more messy and began to spread to the front, making her lady lips sticky with juicy poopy.

Hyacinth felt a rumble which vibrated the slosh in her knickers, forcing more to glop onto the bridge. She looked at her feet, squelching in a pile of filthy mush that had previously been stew and porridge. The hem of her gown was sodden in ochre-colored refuse. Stunned, Hyacinth peered up and could see down the path a casual paramour, Perceval, and blanched.

Regaining her wits, Hyacinth gathered up the folds of her gown and quickly finished crossing the bridge, leaving small piles of filth with each step. She stepped off the trail and fled into a copse of trees were she removed her panties. There was more shit than there was fabric! She glanced up, noticing that she could not see through the growth, and overturned the mountain of mess. Her bottom quivered again at seeing the poo drippings and another urge to defecate struck fiercely. Hyacinth barely had time to life her gown out of the way when her bum trumpets sounded again and mushy excrement poured forth with gust.

The churning began again and the mush began to expel as more liquid, splashing a little on to the tree and on her feet. She began to silently cry, realizing she had left her berries amidst the many poopy piles. Surely Perceval would become suspicious as the blunder couldn’t be blamed on deer scat or other wildlife. Her gown slipped as another wave hit and she could feel it splash against the fabric and her legs. It was dripping down and she sank further down, not even trying to stop the torrent of waste.

It wasn’t long before footsteps sounded and galant Perceval rounded the thicket. His blonde locks were plastered with sweat and large brown eyes took in her disheveled appearance.

“My lady Hyacinth! Are you unwell?” He took in her appearance which stated the obvious: her crouch, the tears, her bedraggled hair, the filthy shoes and hem of her gown. As if that wasn’t enough, she would since every few seconds and unleash the mist unladylike of noises from her rear that indicated precisely what she was doing. Perceval couldn’t help but be transfixed as he’d never seen a woman defecate, though he knew that they did. “Please, let me help.”

”I don’t-nnnghhh! I, ugh *slosh* *plop PLOP* I can’t stop pooing!” she finally exclaimed in between spasms. Exasperated, she looked at him with doe eyes as a final high-pitched *frrrrrnnnn* jiggled her copiously covered bum cheeks and Perceval smirked.

“Darling, you always were so independent. You’re gracious to others, let someone be kind to you.” Hyacinth sniffled as Perceval carefully stepped over her muck mountains and took her hand to assist her up. She trembled as she slowly craned her neck to glance the back of her gown and quickly turned back, face bright red.

“Please don’t look,”she whispered shamefully.

“It would be ungentlemanly of me to refuse a damsel in distress,” he sympathized and with his hand in hers, he led her from the trees.

Hyacinth tried not to look at the poopies she had left along the way. Her shoes and gown were ruined, ribbons of darkness dribbling down the back, obvious what had occurred, though she optimistically noted her belly wasn’t as tight.

Perceval retrieved her shawl and soaked it in the cold water, allowing Hyacinth the opportunity to clean up the thick chunks of poo that coated her bum, pussy petals, and the insides of her thighs. The shawl lay in a heap with the shoes as he offered her a place on his horse.

Hyacinth was incredulous. “I’ve just shat my stomach flat and you want to put me on your horse? Why would you torture the poor animal?”

Perceval laughed. “It would be very rude to expect you to walk while you are so unwell. I insist.”

“But what if I have to poo again?” she asked horrified.

“Then I will let you down. I’ll even hold your gown if you need,” he responded warmly. Hyacinth cast her eyes down and blushed.

He assisted her in getting up, his cock thickening slightly at the knowledge of her cunt being bare and hearing the gurgling of her belly. It wouldn’t be long before she would needed to allow more juicy poopy out and maybe he could catch a glimpse of those pretty rose cheeks before he turned away as she relieved herself.

She sat in front of him on the saddle, the scent of her filthy dress assailing his nostrils, though he would never mention it. He did his best to hold his desire back, though he wondered if she could feel. Before long she was squirming and he haunted his horse.

“Please! It’s com-grrrr!” Hyacinth was just out of his lap and off the horse when a spasm pushed her forward against a tree and a fountain of filth ejected from her bum. Perceval which in mute fascination as her gown went from buttercup yellow to a deep brown with pure liquid diarrhea. She cried out with each gush, the ribbons of poo blending to a sickly smelly earth color and the hem dripping with glops of excrement. Hyacinth began to sob, as her crisis came to an end and her sore poopy chute opened and closed around nothing. “I’m disgusting. How can you stand me?” she whimpered.

“You are the most dignified woman I know. If this is the worst I will ever see you, every moment with you will only be better.”

Hyacinth uncovered her snotty sweaty face and beamed with a smile, considering the circumstances. She raced to his arms, bums chunks plopping, and kissed him.

When they married in the autumn, Perceval made sure that she had lots of sunflowers to remind them of the colors and the special messy moment of the beginning of their life together.

