The Wild Tempest - Page 12

Author: OmoCommando

*275*2013-04-08 06:16

A squadmate wetting herself may result in a very serious drop in relationship score...

*277*2013-04-08 06:36

Wetting yourself may result in your entire squad losing faith in you...

*281*2013-04-08 10:21

Due to the rarity of peeing within the story, I will go ahead and spoil things by saying the "poison" status will not affect the quality/purity of a character's urine.

Also, about my earlier warnings, please note my overuse of the word "may".

*284*2013-04-09 03:59

Arrrrgh... I need to post updates more quickly so people can't change their minds... >.<

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Poison

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Wounded

Carly: Fine

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 39%

Michelle: 48%

Jenni: 78%

Carly: 54%

Equipped Weapon: W&T M25 Magnum (6/6 shots)

___

“Belay that, Jenni! Don’t pee in the container just yet!” you quickly say.

“Eep!”

Jenni loses her balance slightly, then quickly gets the container away from her crotch. You see a small spurt come out of her, pittering on the moss below her. She looks up at you and gives you an irritated look. She tosses you back the container, then reseals her suit and puts the armor back on.

“All right, team. We’re heading for the medical lab.”

“Hold on there, commandos.”

You turn around to find a human woman in a navy officer’s uniform standing before the door. She had on her chest the triple bar insignia of a commander.

“Who are you?” you ask.

“Commander Kayla Reynolds. First officer of the Wild Tempest.”

“C-commander!” You immediately salute in the presence of a superior officer. “Captain Isabel Lester of URMC commando team: Blue, reporting!”

“Thank you, Captain, but I am up to speed on your team and your mission.” Commander Reynolds gestures to her left. You see a another female navy officer, a young ensign. You also see two marines: a male corporal and a female private... Private Reyna Lewis!

“Private Lewis! You’re all right!” You exclaim.

“Yes, Captain.” the young marine says. “The commander found me not long after you had left. I told her of your team and what you guys were doing.”

You perk up then. It would be good to inform them of Raimus so they don’t treat him as an enemy. “Commander, one thing has changed that you might not be aware of: Do you know the scientist Raimus?”

Reynolds nods. “Yes, he’s captured many surviving crew members for his experiments. I’m anxious to see him dead.”

You hold up a hand. “Wait, commander. He’s on our side now. He has a way to help us deal with the rebels’ leader.”

Reynolds glares at you. “You sided with him?”

“Yes ma’am.” You answer. “He’s instrumental in helping rout the rebels.”

“Where is he now?”

“I’ll take you to him once we acquire our final ingredient.”

“Ingredient for what?”

“The same serum that gives the rebel leader her power.”

Reynolds huffs. “Yes... Natsumi Miyazaki. She’s killed a number of the surviving crew herself.”

“And she’s definitely a much a larger threat than Raimus is right now.”

“Very well, captain.” Says the commander. “I’ll leave you in command for now. We’ll follow your lead.”

[you have been temporarily joined by Commander Kayla Reynolds, Ensign Jessica Curtis, Corporal Owen Dean, and Private-First Class Reyna Lewis.

The helmet links of the marines register in your own helmet, and the names of the marines appear.

/link established with temporary squad member “CPL O. Dean”

Status: Wounded

/link established with temporary squad member “PFC R. Lewis”

Status: Fine

Since there was no way to read the conditions of the two naval officers, you’d have to judge for yourself whether they were fine, wounded or anything else.

Your stomach lurches inside of you again, and lungs start to burn. You bend over just slightly and spit out a few more coughs. “Commander...” you hack. “What do you know about the insect venom?”

“I know that it’s quite deadly.” she answers. “Were you bitten?”

You nod.

“Damn... I’m sorry, Captain Lester. We released those bugs in order to try and keep the rebels out of this deck. They’ve been snuffing out every hiding spot we have.”

“Are there more of you, ma’am?” Jenni asks.

“Yes, lieutenant.” Reynolds responds. “We’re group delta. Groups alpha, epsilon and gamma were wiped out, but groups beta, iota, and zeta should still be out there somewhere.” Reynolds then turns to you. “The only cure I know of would be back in the medical lab or sick bay.”

You nod slowly. “Well, then let's get back there.”

“Captain,” Michelle interrupts, “Perhaps we should radio Raimus? Tell him were coming back.”

“Good idea, Michelle.” You turn on your helmet radio trying to pick up Raimus’ frequency. “Professor Raimus, do you copy?”

You get no answer.

“Professor? It’s Captain Lester, are you there?”

The radio remains silent.

“Raimus, if you’re there, respond!”

Jenni checks her own radio. “No static, boss. He’s receiving a signal...”

“He’s just not answering.” You finish.

“Or he can’t...” Carly adds.

> Head back to the lab

> Grab the quartz first

> Other:

*289*2013-04-09 09:51

From what has occurred so far, do you believe that that is a possibility? Well, no harm in trying.

Or is there...? o_O

*295*2013-04-10 04:12

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Poison

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Wounded

Carly: Fine

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 43%

Michelle: 49%

Jenni: 79%

Carly: 55%

Equipped Weapon: W&T M25 Magnum (6/6 shots)

____

“Everyone head for the medical lab! Double time!” You order.

“Wait! Captain!” Reynolds grabs your shoulder. “There’s a large number of us. No sense in heading down in a full group.”

“What are you saying?”

“Let’s split up. I can get my team to the medical bay more quickly. You head to the mineral lab and retrieve your quartz sample.”

You nod. That was a sensible plan. “All right, commander. Go ahead.”

The four new allies leave the room quickly, intent on rescuing that scientist. Now it was time to get that mineral lab. Luckily, it is merely a few meters away from the arboretum. So in that case...

“Jenni, I can see you have to pee pretty bad. Do you want to just go in the plants?”

Jenni’s face becomes rock solid. You can tell that she’s seriously considering it.

“Err... actually, Isabel, I can hold it a bit longer.”

“Come on, Jen!” Carly starts encouraging the younger girl. “Just go.”

Jenni’s face turns bright red. “I-I... I can’t!”

“Why?”

“I just don’t like peeing in front of other people!”

Carly raises an eyebrow. “Oh, come on! You don’t have anything we haven’t seen before! What’s the big deal?”

“We’re wasting time here!” Jenni yells.

You roll your eyes. “She’s right, come on!”

______

You run down the hall (the opposite direction of the bugs which are likely no longer stunned) and into the mineral lab. Much like the other labs, there was a large metal table in the center with many samples of various rock and crystal formations, with complicated testing equipment lining the walls.

You look at the various samples on the table. However, none of them appear to be the quartz that you need.

“Any ideas, anyone?”

“Is this it, Captain?” Jenni asks. She holds up a small vial filled with a red and shiny powder. You take a quick scan with your helmet computer.

Skalitan Ruby Quartz (ground form)

Composition:

Silicon Dioxide: 80%

Aluminum Oxide: 7%

Chromium: 7%

Skalitan Iron: 5%

Adamant Calcite: 0.6%

Element 363a: 0.4%

A mineral initially discovered within the depths of the bynzantite mines of the skalitan home world. The crystal’s strange composition actually allows it to refract certain energy types. More notably, the presence of element 363a, often used as a performance enhancing stimulant, can be extracted when the quartz is ground and liquified.

“Computer agrees, this is it.” You hold the vial high in triumph.

[obtained “Skalitan Ruby Quartz”]

“Captain Lester, this is Commander Reynolds. Do you copy?”

“Yes, Commander. Report.”

“We’ve reached the lab, Isabel...” The grim tone of Reynolds’ voice told you everything you needed to know. “Raimus is dead. Killed by a sword, it seems.”

“Damn it!” You curse aloud.

Michelle strikes the face of her helmet with her palm. “We should have radioed Private Lewis earlier and asked her guard him!”

“Or one of us should have been guarding him...” Jenni adds.

You nod grudgingly. It was a contingency worth considering at the time. How were you supposed to assemble your serum now?

You then feel Carly’s hand upon your upper arm. “Captain, I can see what your thinking. Don’t give up.” She nudges your chin upward until you’re looking straight at her. “It’s a bad leader quality.”

Michelle makes a single nod and a thumbs-up toward you, Jenni very subtly wraps an arm around your hip and gently hugs you.

You smile. God himself couldn’t have granted you a finer squad. “Let’s get down there with the others.”

______

You walk into the medical lab, and remove your helmet. However, no sooner than later do you begin to violently cough as before. It’s worse this time. Suddenly you lungs seize up. You try as hard as you can but no breath comes out. You get a sensation as if you’re drowning, and your vision becomes spotty. You have to hold onto Michelle before you completely lose your balance.

“Holy crap, Captain! What’s going on with you!?” the marksman shouts.

Finally air begins to move through you lungs, and you quickly expel the blood that had temporarily filled them. Your insides, you feel, are quickly crumbling to dust...

Commander Reynolds and her team show up to see what the commotion is about. “Are you all right, Captain?” the Commander asks.

“I... I-I’ll make it.” You rasp. “What’s your status?”

“We’re all fine here.” Reynolds reports. “How do you suggest we proceed?”

You weren’t entirely sure. Without Raimus, it seemed you had no way of getting your serum created.

“Captain... we might be able to make the serum ourselves.” Carly suggests.

“Yeah...” your experience in chemistry was limited, but the capability was within you. You might be able to assemble the serum. First, however, you still needed a urine sample.

> Assemble the super serum yourself.

- Use Michelle’s urine.

- Use Jenni’s urine.

- Use Carly’s urine.

- Use your own urine.

> Forget about the serum, track down Natsumi.

> Other:

*298*2013-04-10 05:19

I fixed Isabel's arm. I knew something was wrong in that picture.

Mistakes like that in pictures I will gladly rectify. It's something that I just can't put out of my mind.

