OmoCity

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2020-03-13 23:22

This story is an inspiration from other stories and also a 'sequel' to an RP i made a couple of months ago 

$/50867-omo-based-cityhigh-school/page/10/). 

So you can click it and understand the story better.

Next day - Thursday (Desperate teachers)

In this episode, both Miss Star and Miss Gonzales have to pee but they're stuck in the office with students' tests and the principal is there to keep an eye on them so they don't leave.

Miss Star arrives at school with a thermos of coffee in her hand. She enters the office and greets both the principal and Miss Gonzales as she was already there for ten minutes, squirming in her chair. She was wearing a black women's smart jacket, with a baby blue t shirt, skinny jeans and pumps. Miss Gonzales was wearing a red top with a leather jacket over her, black spandex leggings with white sneakers. The principal was wearing a sportcoat over white top, a black skirt with pumps.

"Morning everyone." Miss Star said sipping her coffee.

"Morning Sydney! Now, take a sit!" Principal demands

She did what she was told. "What's up?" Miss Star asks. "We must take care of our students' tests and... (quietly) I kinda have to pee,but i can't leave the room." Miss Anne Gonzales says as she holds her crotch. "Oh....we should have this done in an hour." Sydney says crossing her legs. "This is what I'm talking about." Anne says while bladder scale shows: 6/10 and Sydney's shows: 5/10.

"Well....we better get started...." Sydney said as she thought about asking to pee but decided not to. Both women try to concentrate on their jobs but they only could think about toilets which cannot be used without permission. They both bounce their legs and breathe heavily. Miss Star takes a sip of her coffee as she works. Anne is rubbing her thighs as she tries to forget about her urge. As Sydney works all the coffee she'd drunk had gone straight to her full bladder, she stops suddenly as she crosses her legs tightly and holds herself. Anne is doing the same thing and rubs her spandex leggings, as well.

"Can we take a break?" Miss Star asks.

"No, Sydney! You must finish your work first!" The pricipal (Miss Hathaway) ordered

Sydney lowers her head as she struggles to carry on, she feels some leaks escape her grasp. Anne spreads her legs and rubs her pussy while keeping working. PPPPPPSSSSSSSSSHHHHHH! Sydney couldn't hold it as hot pee can be heard forcing itself out of her bladder making a puddle on the chair and on the floor, she covers her face and cries. Anne seeing this, she asks for permission: "Can I go to the bathroom, i don't want to have an accident, as well?"

"Go on." The head says.

Anne gets up and hobbles towards exit door. As she opened the door, a leak escaped through her bladder sphicters and soaked her spandex leggings, a little. Sydney continues to sob as she pisses herself. Anne reaches the bathroom door, only to find it locked. Another leak escaped. She remembers the principal has the key, so she goes back to the office: "The bathroom's locked, i need the key!" she says as she is doing the pee-pee dance. "I....misplaced the key....I don't know where it is." she says. "Oh my God! I'm gonna pee myself!" Anne says while scissoring her legs and pressing on her crotch.

Sydney gets up and takes out some napkins to wipe the puddle on the floor. The principal grabs her purse to look for the bathroom key. "Please, Helen! I'm about to have an accident here!" Anne mumbles while she's moving her feet from one place to another. "Sorry, Anne! I can't find them." said Miss Helen Hathaway with disappointment. Anne didn't like the answer and then she whimpers and her legs were trembling. She tries her best to keep that pee ocean inside her even though she leaked. Since she was a child, about 6 years old, she has been dealing with this problem.

Every time she drinks water or any other beverages, one hour later, her bladder is almost full. She never had any idea what could possibly lead to this. But right now, she is on the verge to pee herself and 5 seconds later, her bladder gives up. She stood still as her urethral sphincters relax and the warm yellow urine flows down her spandex leggings, soaking them and giving them a shiny wet patch. Anne squats and rest her head down breathing and sobbing. Sydney saw her and gave her a hug. Anne hug her back. "It's okay! Don't worry!" / "You're so nice, Sydney!" / "Thank you!" Helen saw the accident and tells both of them to clean up the mess they created before they leave.

Uknown to each one, all of them start to feel a little pleasure from this incident but still don't feel the urge to engage it. Well, the principal got more pleasure from it due to the fact that she was watching the whole scene of the two ladies.

End of the episode

