Tails at School

Author: Guest FurryPants

*000*2014-07-06 21:04

So now he looked at the clock, more to the point he didn't want to be there. Maybe he could sneak out the door while everyone was paying attention to Mr. Cress's (The school principle.) mustache wiggle as he talked his all too boring drivel. Nah, too high profile, all it would take is on pair of wondering eyes to catch him getting out of his seat and then he'd be busted. Maybe he could just run? If he was fast enough he could get through the door before they even saw who it was disrupting the assembly. Still no good! If somebody caught a glimpse of both his tails whipping past the closing door it would be pretty obvious it was him, Tails was pretty damn sure no one else in the school had two tails.

He now watched the clock, 10:38am, this guy had been rattling on about how the graffiti on the wall, which was outside the gate where you entered the building and ran past to go home, was "Highly unacceptable". And for the past one and a half hours all he could think about was how

"Highly unacceptable" it was to keep a twelve year old from using the bathrooms. He would only be a minute, if that! Twice he had tried to excuse himself from the hall but had been told to sit back down immediately. Had he told them of the predicament he was in? No, it was embarrassing. Have you tried to ask for the bathroom in front of several hundred other students which include your classmates, peers, best friends? Not easy. So he sat back in his place after jostling his belt down to keep it from putting unnecessary pressure upon his bladder which was already like a ball of lead in his lower tummy.

Tails's legs kicked back and forth in time with the seconds of the clock, they hovered half a foot above the gym's shiny floor. This was mostly from the discomfort his bladder was causing him. It wouldn't have been so bad if he was wearing sweats instead of his black denim shorts which hung loosely over his knees, the belt kept finding its way back up to his tummy when ever he shuffled to get comfortable he'd then tug it back down again. Oh if only he could just squeeze his legs together, he could if no one was looking. Left, then right. Coast was clearer than a desert's night sky he took his hands out the pockets of his gray hoodie and placed them on the sides of the seat firmly for balance and with no effort at all he managed to tightly clasp his legs together resulting in some relief. For now.

*

Another half hour and he was squirming, aching, chafing. His bladder was on the verge of giving way and letting loose a hot yellow cannon into Tails's underwear. But he still had some strength, strength enough to go on but he was dwindling. A quick cross of the legs and without even noticing he had the tip of his penis between his finger and thumb in a painful, but effective, lock. He had had a few sideway glances and some taunts from the row behind him.

"Hey, do you have to peeeeee?"

"Gee I'm thirsty, wanna drink Tails?"

A drop of sweat ran down his furry cheek, his teeth were clenched in utter desperation and embarrassment. He noticed everybody was leaving the hall. This was his chance, his opportunity, all he had to do was get up and go, then he could pull down his flies and piss, piss a stream so forceful it would make a hissing noise, much like the one coming from under his seat right now, there was a lot of warmth and he now felt wet.

"Sh- no!"

It was too late he had started where he ended and finished where he begun. The relief caused him to go cross eyed as he drifted into his own world where there were too many bathrooms to choose from and he was sitting with his shorts and y-fronts around his ankles on the shiniest one; wetting loudly and care free he was. The reality of the situation was his shorts were still round his waist, his y-fronts were soaked and his trainers had become two cups of yellow liquid. Rewinding slightly the urine puddle had started to creep slowly out from underneath Tails rather quickly, passing his furry butt and thighs drenching his ball sack which now dripped.

It had then tipped over the edge of the seat, looking like yellow waterfalls as it did, if one was to look underneath the seat that was, which no one had.. As Tails relaxed deeper into his seat, causing the back of his jumper to dip into the puddle on his plastic seat, there was a quiet splat as his trainers landed in a pool of body temperature liquid. More urine passed through the leg holes in his shorts like two blood vessels.

*

A passing student thought it weird when Tails didn't get out of his seat to leave, in fact it looked as though he was getting settled there but he was raring to go earlier and now... he walked closer. There was a weird sound, like spilling water and a sweet smell but not pleasant by any means.HeHe Watched him slide down his seat like a rag-doll and as he reached out to stop him falling right on his ass, he saw it.What he saw set him off laughing.

"Hey, hey everybody, Miles just pissed his pants!"

*

He was warm and carefree, in a trance like state. His hands flopped to his sides useless for now. He shed a tear of relief (He'd really be crying soon.) through his closed eye. His legs were like jelly, his thighs chafed from all the holding from his hands and crossing of his legs, his shoes made a squelching sound as he settled them on the floor. And all at once he fell off his seat and snapped out of trance, he'd been pushed from behind and sent flying butt first into the pile of his still warm urine, it made a wet plop as he collided with it.

"Pahahahah, look at the baby sitting in his own mess!"

A small kid with a squeaky voice was making a sound like a dying seal, a big guy next to him gave a hearty and contagious laugh. Tails looked up wide eyed in confusion and he tried to get to his feet only to be tripped back into his puddle hands and chest first by a big bully twice, perhaps three times his own size. His jumper, his gloves, now stained in piss were now ruined like his shorts and underwear.

"Sit back down baby."

He came back to himself and added it all together, it was clear he hadn't made it to the toilet and now he laid embarrassed in a pool of his own shame. He was also angry, furious he'd turn around get up and give this kid a piece of his goddamn mind, yes he would, he tried to get back up again but was kicked to the ground again by a size 10 boot.

"What did I just say?"

He fell on his back this time and starred not only at the bully but at least four dozen other laughing kids' eyes. He choked on his own spittle, the lump in his throat swelled and he began to cry.

"Hahahaha, look he's crying!"

He wasn't crying, he was sobbing his heart out, the back of his head now lay on the driest patch of ground available and shamefully he started to urinate again, this time out of fear. Hotly spilling down the fox's orange fur and staining the denim of his shorts the piss met the ground with a flourish of drips. Then the bully said something that struck terror in his chest like a cold knife.

"Who wants to see me take his pants?"

There was a roar of laughter and then a chorus of:

"DO IT! DO IT!"

Very faintly you could here the disapproving voices of those who wanted to help but were either being held back by the crowd or too chicken shit to stand up to this guy, this menace to society. Tails jumped at the word take as what he would say after that was predictable, with his jumper sleeves pulled over his hands for grip on the wet floors' surface he managed to push himself up to his feet. He fell over once more into a pit of despair after his trainers slid back in a lack of converse with the ground, he tried to scramble to his feet once more only to be stopped and dragged back by three kids, the biggest now in the middle.

"Hold his arms!"

The other kids followed without being told twice, they were laughing at him, everyone was laughing at him, their faces creased into terrible grins feeding on his misery, his pain, he tried to free his hands only to find out the futility of his situation. Their grip was tight, he wasn't going anywhere but one pair of pants lighter. As a last resort he kicked and flailed his leg in the air hoping a teacher would see but they did not. Where the hell were these teachers? His belt was being groped at.

"NO, please stop... I'll do anything but this, p-please."

The bully gave a hoarse laugh, his throat was dry, he was enjoying this, the reaction from the crowd that was.

"No way tinkle, toes, Tails. Can't let down a crowd of this size."

Whoosh. In one swift movement his belt was gone, in his hands it remained before tossing it into the audience. Tails's butt now dipped back into the puddle of urine, his muscles too tired to support him anymore he could only watch as the big guy placed his hands menacingly over the waist of his shorts and yanked them over his thighs, he instinctively went to move his arms back over his crotch but remembered about the two assistants close at hand. The shorts came over his wet trainers with ease, like a wet piece of black cloth they waved in the air with excess piss dripping everywhere, a flush of embarrassment followed by a thick scarlet blush across Tails's cheeks showed everything the audience wanted to see. Some of them lost interest or started to take pity and walked away, the bully needed new material to keep his fans entertained, but what? The underwear!

"Don't go nowhere folks, the shows just begun we will now be taking a trip down commando lane..."

Some completely lost interest at this and walked off in disgust, one female at the back looked terribly worried and barged past the crowd with all of her might and grabbed the dripping shorts with a shaking hands, it was shaking alright, shaking with fury.

"Hey! Leave that poor kid alone!"

She kicked the bully hard in the butt, not the most painful place to be kicked but her shoes were damn hard, hard enough to leave bruises.

"Ouch, what the hell? Hey, sugar-tits what's your problem?"

She only grew madder at this retort.

"Problem? My fucking problem Larry is this you sexist pig!"

She shoved the shorts close enough into the bully's face, who's name turned out to be Larry, that he could smell the ammonia but only for a second as she then threw them back to a dazed, confused and a now very thankful fox.

"Let go of him you jerks, go on."

She had eyes like a tiger and the rage of one too they took off without second thought nor look, Larry stood his ground.

"Look hot stuff, you're gonna tell me who to bother and who not to bother, when you're off talking shit about some of your best friends behind their back? You aren't perfect yourself princess."

She slapped him, this was no soap opera "Oh I'm sorry if I hit you too hard that take." slap. This was hard and she wasn't a weak person by no means, it hurt more than the kick did that was for sure.

"Ahh, why you..."

Tails had clambered onto his back and held him in a choke hold, Larry had his fist raised about to show this girl what in his opinion was her place, if there was one thing Tails couldn't stand it was violence against a female made by a man and somehow in a series of maybe five seconds he had pulled his clothes back on leaped five feet into the air with a little help from his tails and wrapped his soggy, sleeved arms around the tub of lards greasy neck.

"D-don't you even dare, you pig!"

He couldn't breathe, he couldn't fucking breathe, Larry's arms reached for Tails's but the little fuzz ball was too strong for him in this state. In desperation he used his own weight (god knew there was a lot of it for a thirteen year old) to fight back but still Tails would not let go. Now down on his knees, Tails' grip only got tighter and tighter, larry's face began to turn blue.

"Stop Tails..."

There was too much blood pumping inside Tails's ears at first to catch what she had said at first, too much adrenaline to care at all.

"You filthy, disgusting..."

"TAILS FOR CHRIST SAKE YOU'LL KILL HIM!"

Larry's eyes had almost disappeared behind the skin of those pasty white lids of his, a tell tale sign of sliding into unconsciousness. Seconds too early however Tails unhinged his arms and he inhaled deeply for the oxygen he so craved and that in his own opinion he deserved. He lay panting for the best part of thirty seconds, Tails got up to his feet and dusted himself off, it was a good thing he was in shape he'd caught his breath back in no time.

"I'll, g-get you pee breath..."

His voice was nothing but a whisper but it carried.

"You're dea-"

The girl had heard enough out of him for one day, she lifted her right knee to her chest and brought back down her size five foot onto his chubby cheek.

"Nice talking to ya' but we've gotta run..."

She grabbed Tails' arm and the weight almost sent his butt tumbling back to the floor but with years of practice comes results and he regained his balance with ease. The girl ran laughing heartily losing her breath dragging the still dazed Tails with her, they came to a slow at the end of the corridor and took a left towards the bathroom once entered they both stood with their back to it an instant barricade from the bully, she now laughed her head off with her crown pushed back against the door and she slid down onto her back side. Tails picked up on her energy and laughed with her, his laugh only made her grin wider, it was a warm laugh that reminded her of her little brother almost but with a little more colour to it.

"That was fun..."

She had finally managed in between giggles. Tails had made his way down to her level and rested his head on the cool door.

"Th-..."

He hesitated but she knew what was coming.

"You're welcome."

"But... Why?"

This question seemed quite hard to answer. Was it because she felt sympathetic? Empathetic? She had only used to watch when Larry bullied past students into giving lunch money, submission, embarrassment, she even laughed on occasion. So why?

"That's a very good question..."

"I don't care why you did it, I could never have come back to this place if most of the school saw my..."

He couldn't finish it, that word seemed to foreign and distant to him at this part of life, not embarrassing. What was embarrassing though was the fact that he was not only in his piss sodden shorts sitting with a girl he now had the slightest of crushes on but he had them on back to front with nobelt. There was an awkward silence that rang out in the room.

"You think he'll come after us?"

She chuckled, she though of how they'd left him, out of breath and in pain and how he'd look now, bruised and crying in the nurses office, he was a crier after all, she'd known that when they broke up, he was probably bawling right now.

"After that? That guy's a big baby, he'd cry over spilled milk."

They both laughed after this, their eyes met momentarily but they shied away. Tails secretly wondered if she'd thought he was baby when she'd seen him cry, if she had at all.

"Look I'm sorry uhm... What's your name?"

She giggled.

"Robin."

"Robin. Thank you ,ever so much, thank you, I can't thank you enough."

Tails now looked into those green eyes, pure emerald green ones that complimented his deep ocean blues.

"I should really head home and uhh... And uhh... Jeeze Robin do I even need to say it? I freaking pissed my pants back there and I still have one big problem to deal with here..."

She looked down at Tails's pants and laughed at how they were on the wrong way round, he blushed and scratched the back of his neck in furious shame.

"I-I'm sorry I didn't mean to... I have some unisex overalls in my locker for emergencies, you never know when you're going to need-"

He could kiss her at this, and he had in his mind he gave her one big hug instead and thanked her over and over and over.

"Take it easy, I'll fetch 'em. You wait here cutie."

He felt happy and sad at the same time. "Cutie"? What did that mean, attractive cute? Teddy bear cute? God he was happy as hell, he was scared as he'd ever been, all these feelings all at once, he could have sworn he'd peed again at one point but luckily he hadn't.

*

The overalls fit perfectly, a little tight when he sat but otherwise great. His piss soaked clothes stuffed in Tails's pack swelled it up and irritated the small of his back.

"So I'll see you around."

He felt silly standing there in her clothes, feeling the legs of the trousers sway at his ankles.

"Thanks again."

"I hope to see you back here tomorrow, don't let any of this bring you down, besides... I like you."

This had only slipped out, she gawped at him and slapped her hand over her mouth and blushed like a beetroot. Tails stood there and shock and mumbled a small goodbye, blushing as he did, turned around on his heels and slid away nonchalant like. As he slipped away Robin and Tails thought the exact same thought as if they were connected by telepathy.

"I'm such an idiot..."

*001*2014-07-06 21:20

Please excuse the way the text is laid out, I am trying to resolve the problem as soon as possible.

*002*2014-07-07 00:44

For some reason, when I copy and paste previously typed paragraphs into this type box, it completely messes with the way it's structured, I've fixed it to the best of my ability, please forgive me.

*004*2014-07-09 15:13

Thank you =)   
