Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*015*2023-02-05 18:42

Part 13!

Daisy was the first one to open her eyes, gazing at the sun as it pushed and shoved its way through the openings in the curtains. While she took the moment to stretch and scratch her lower back, she couldn't help but notice that she'd been assigned yet another sit-in maid. I'm glad they care enough to keep an eye on us like this, but this is getting old. We go out, stuff goes wrong, and we wake up with maids standing over us...

Stella had already been up for about half an hour and was sat on the roof, watching the birds in the distance. It truly amazed her how easily it all came to her... Even in the forest when Roxy fell and their connection was broken, something seemed to just kick in... Thinking back on the whole experience, she couldn't think of any answer for how she just knew what to do. Not only that, but to be able to use telepathy without a connection to Roxy... The experience had raised more questions than it had answered, but I guess that's how it goes when dealing with things beyond mortal understanding.. Hmmm... Wonder if Roxy is still mortal?

With the two sisters awake and Kelsey out for her morning stroll, a maid was sent to check up on Roxy's sit-in maid. It'd been over an hour since Roxy's maid popped the door open to report that Roxy was fine, and everyone was starting to think something was up... These thirty minute check-ins were there for a reason. Barely cracking the door to Roxy's room, it was observed that Roxy was still asleep in her usual crescent moon position. Her maid was in the far corner of the room, entranced by something...

It was a rather large room with good ventilation, so it seemed odd to both maids that the air was so still... Little did they know, Roxy was undergoing yet another change. Her aura sat differently on her... Instead of sitting on top of what seemed to be a cushion of air, this new aura was radiating out from her very body! This time, it wasn't just energy with a sensation of compassion to it. There's no doubt this new aura was alive, although it currently didn't attempt any form of communication...

Kelsey's hair stood up, she felt a chill in her spine, and her attention was pulled to Roxy's flame once again. No longer just a flame or a light, it shifted to a deep blue color and grew significantly more intense! An aura radiated from it, more than just an overwhelmingly bright glow... Snapping back to reality, Kelsey started back to the mansion. Every time there's been a change like this, it's occurred right before she woke up... Plus, the maids will be starting breakfast once she's up.

Slowly but surely, Roxy's eyes opened. Her ears and tail twitched as she got her morning stretch in while her throat let out something between a meow and a purr. As she did so, her aura seemed to leave a trail, a faint glow could be seen in the air right after her movements... Appearing a dull blue to the maids, this was the first time anyone other than her sisters had actually seen her aura! True, Kelsey saw it, but that was because it was calling out for help.

There was no emotion to this particular aura. It was calm and controlled, and without a doubt, it was many times stronger than her previous aura. Something big had changed, but even Roxy was still unaware of what exactly the change was. Standing up out of bed, Roxy couldn't help but notice that she still saw the bed behind her even though she was facing away from it. Confused and amazed, she turned to face the bed and just stared at it for a moment...

"You feeling okay dear? You look like you're in a daze." Said one of the maids, doing her best to hide her bewilderment at the fact that she could not only sense but also see at least some of Roxy's aura.

"I think I'm fine. I was just taken aback by this new vision. I've never seen in all directions at once before." Said Roxy, her voice full of amazement!

"You mean, you see both of us, even though you're looking away from us?" Asked the other maid.

"I'm... huh. Really hadn't thought of it that way... Can't really say I'm looking towards or away from anything... In fact, I'm not even sure if this is what you'd call eyesight. Nothing is out of focus, everything's just the right brightness, and I can't help but wonder if I even have a use for my eyes anymore. Just realized I can close them and everything is still crystal clear!" Said Roxy, her amazement levels somehow continuing to rise even higher!

My dear, you haven't realized? Our powers have finally merged! Seems it took a near death experience to get you to finally accept my power as a part of you, but the end result is the same. Besides, I never would've let you truly die. Take a look at yourself, you don't even have a single scar. This came from inside Roxy's head and was in her own voice, as if there was another presence inside her. 'Montorus? Is that you?' Thought Roxy, seeing if answering the voice would yield an answer... I'm no longer Montrous. I'm a part of you now. Use you powers however you like, just be aware that using them for destruction goes against their very nature and they'll weaken over time. Oh, and here's a quick tip for you... You've only just scratched the surface of what you can do. Spend some time to think about what this power means to you and how you'll use it. And with that, the second voice stopped. Roxy attempted to ask it for more information but she didn't get an answer.

"Well, if you're ready, I'll go start breakfast. How's egg sandwiches with raspberry yogurt?" Asked the first maid.

"Sounds great! I've got a couple things I want to make sure of before I head downstairs." Said Roxy.

"Okay. See you girls downstairs in a bit!" Said the maids, exiting the room and heading down the stairs.

Roxy took a look at herself in the mirror. Her appearance was that of Level Three, just slightly larger. She closed her eyes and focused on Level Four, feeling the flow of the energy through the forest, feeling the heartbeat of the world around her... There it was! Her features grew fuller and her pads filled out further on her paws! One more... Roxy continued to focus on the energies around her, looking deep within the flow until she found the source of it! She found the essence of what made up the forest, not just the energy of its life! Upon opening her eyes once more, Roxy noticed something odd... Her energy vision didn't see any reflection in her mirror. She still had to turn to face the mirror and use her eyes in order to gaze at her reflection. This is how I looked yesterday before I fell...

Arriving back at the mansion, Kelsey called Stella down from the roof and the two entered the front doors. They met up with Daisy as well as Roxy's mother and grandfather in the main hall before heading to breakfast.

Roxy was busy feeling everything out. She'd just now noticed something odd... She could see a tangled ball of yarn at the center of Daisy's essence... Wonder if this is what's making everything so difficult for her? It seems like it's contorting the energy of her flame, keeping some for itself... Almost like a parasite... "I'll bring it up after breakfast." Roxy said to herself.

As Roxy walked down the hall to the top of the stairs, Stella stopped at the bottom and stared in awe. Big sister Roxy had once again grown even taller and her aura had changed yet again! But that wasn't what had Stella's attention... There was a flow coming off of Roxy, almost like wind that somehow wasn't fully invisible! It poured out of her, immediately flooding the staircase and wrapping around the legs on the railings! Within 1/10th of a second, it'd filled the entire room!

"Hey sis! What on Earth is this stuff?!" Yelled Stella, attempting to grab a hold of the fluid, only to find it intangible... It cannot be felt or interacted with, only observed...

"What stuff?" Asked a puzzled Roxy.

"This... Current... IDK what to call it. There's a flow coming off of you!" Replied an excited Stella! More than anything, she was just happy to see that her sister had made a full recovery! True, Roxy's injuries had healed fully by the time they'd returned to the mansion the previous night, but Roxy herself was very tired and seemed to be in a daze by the time they got back home. Seems her energy last night was focused elsewhere, towards a sort of metamorphosis which was now on full display!

"Yeah I think the maids noticed it earlier... It happened at the same time I noticed I can see clearly in all directions, even behind things!" Replied an ever excited Roxy!

"Cool! You've gotta tell us all about it over breakfast!" Replied a very excited Daisy, her eyes following the swirls in the corners in the room...

"Will do! But for right now, I wanna show you guys something I just figured out!" Hollered Roxy, creating a swirl around herself... And just like that, she was gone! The group looked everywhere, surely Roxy had just jumped somewhere out of sight...

"Calm down." This voice came from behind Daisy, making her jump straight out of her skin! Without even thinking, she immediately swung a fist in the direction of the voice. Naturally, her powerful punch only bounced off of Roxy's potent aura.

"Roxy? That you?!" Yelled Daisy, repeatedly turning different directions in an attempt to find the source of the voice! This wasn't telepathy, it was a real voice coming from thin air!

"Yep! Right behind ya!" The voice rang out again, prompting Daisy to turn around and see nobody there...

Roxy appeared out of thin air! She seemed to wobble for a moment before reaching for the railing and sitting down at the base of the stairs. "That took more out of me than I thought it would..." Said a weak sounding Roxy, having used Optical Camouflage for the first time in her life!

"Hey sis, just tell me you're alright." Said a worried Stella, walking towards Roxy and extending a hand to help her up.

"Yeah, I'm fine." Said Roxy, taking Stella's hand and slowly standing back up nice and steady. "The change in flow just caught me off guard is all. Really, I'm fine."

"So what did you do?" Asked Stella.

"Remember when I turned invisible back in the forest after being separated from my body?"

"How could we forget! You scared us half to death!" Answered Stella.

"Well, I realized a few minutes ago that I can stop the aura that's wrapped around me and instead take in the light that's around me. I don't know the specifics of how the light gets bent, but I know the end result is that I'm not visible to eyes that see light instead of energy." Said Roxy.

"That explains why I could still sense you the whole time. Next time, give us a little warning before you just topple over! I seriously thought you were still hurt!" Said Stella, scolding Roxy for her reckless use of her powers once again.

"I already told you, I'm fine." Said Roxy, her flow becoming visible to her sisters once again.

"Either way, breakfast should be ready by now. We really should get going." Quipped Daisy, trying to get things moving again. She wanted to start breakfast early enough to eat and drink her fill without having to excuse herself... It wouldn't be long before her bladder situation became serious.

End of Part 13. Daisy's tangled energy and her desperation will be featured in Part 14!

*016*2023-02-06 02:14

Part 14! Apologies for splitting this between two parts, I just wasn't feeling the urge to sit still and write for hours on end today.

With the group sat down at the table for breakfast, the grandfather took a few moments to stare at Roxy. "So, should we rename the song? Ode to the Mountain God seems a bit strange now that you've taken mortal form."

"I have zero idea what you're talking about." Responded a completely dumbfounded Roxy.

"This foggy aura you've been excreting. Don't tell me you don't know that comes from the Mountain God."

"You mean Montorus? He's no longer a God, just a part of me now. His powers and mine are two parts of the same whole"

"I find that hard to understand. Montorus carries such immense abilities and his flame is more of a light. It seems impossible for him to merge with a mortal. Tell me, are you using my granddaughter for something? If not, I'd like to have her back. Her strange visions and predictions from before she met you were weird enough."

"That's why we fused. My powers relied on my connection to my ancestors to remain stable and in controlled. Turns out Montorus is the creator of these flames we carry with us, so his power and mine naturally resonated with each other. Although, it didn't just happen on its own. I had to get pretty hurt and fall into my subconscious before I really understood what that meant..."

"I can't believe you'd spout such nonsense while pretending to be my daughter, IN MY OWN HOUSE!" Yelled the grandfather!

"I can't believe you won't listen to me!"

"MAKE ME. If you're truly Roxy, you won't be able to. If you're Montorus, you should be able to smite me rather easily."

"I won't. I just want to eat breakfast, but now I don't even feel like eating. Thanks a lot Grandpa."

"Well then go figure out what the hell it is that you're trying to tell me. First you claim to be Roxy, now you claim that I'm your grandpa."

"YOU KNOW WHAT-" Roxy shot up from her chair and the air in the room stopped as she pulled the breath out of her grandfather. Once he passed out, Roxy caught him by using her flow as a sort of air cushion before she broke down crying. "I can't believe I just did that!" Her head in her hands and tears running down her face, Roxy simply continued to cry for a moment before she once again collapsed to the floor, this time falling completely unconscious.

You messed with the wrong man! Echoed in Roxy's mind, convincing her that she'd been invaded by her grandfather. Asshole must've used my connection to force his way into my head... She thought, trying to figure out how to get out of this situation.

While this was going on, everyone at the table simply sat still as if time had stopped. It was eerily quiet, even the air seemed to stand still...

WHY NOW?! Thought Daisy, her need only becoming more potent with time... I don't know if I can take much more of this... She thought to herself as she shifted in her chair over and over. She was nearing the limit of how long she could keep her need a secret from the others!

If it's my connection to Montorus that's in question, perhaps seeing my flame would be enough to shut him up? Thought Roxy, digging deeper into her spirit to find her flame. Naturally, her grandfather followed her as they jumped down one layer after another on their way to the core of Roxy's power.

Roxy opened an enormous door and a blinding light shot through and a scorching heat pounded its way through the opening, resting hotly on their skins as they waited for their eyes to adjust to the light.

In all my years, I've never seen anything like this! It's like a little sun! Thought Roxy's grandfather, staring at amazement at the brilliant flame in front of him! It was the size of a small city, burning with the intensity of a nuclear bomb! Little did he know, this was nothing compared to what it was like when Roxy was focused. She hadn't realized this yet, but her powers grew and retreated with her focus. When she truly pours her being into her abilities, her flame could nearly triple in intensity!

Still on the floor, Roxy took a deep breath but remained unconscious. Everyone looked to her, thinking that was a signal of her awakening. In her inner world, her ears, tail and other animalized features folded down onto her before disappearing... She took a more masculine form and announced that she was neither Roxy or Montorus. She was a bit of both, but here in the subconscious, it was possible to speak with the two halves separately.

Roxy awoke on the floor, her grandfather doing the same. Everyone surrounded Roxy to make sure she was okay, while her grandfather received a hell of a scolding from his daughter!

At this point, the maids were used to literally anything that could possibly happen and didn't even notice the commotion. It was almost like an action movie where nobody could turn their powers off, always fighting and always yelling but never actually hating each other.

"Sis, you okay?" Asked a very concerned Stella.

"I'm fine, no thanks to pap here!" Yelled Roxy, staring down her grandfather until he left the room.

"As long as you're sure, I'll take your word for it." Said Roxy's mother, sitting back down and releasing a sigh of relief.

"Yeah, I'm sure."

"In that case, they should be serving breakfast any second now!" Said Kelsey, the only one who never feared Roxy was in any danger. After all, she could see everyone's flames, and Roxy's never even twitched when her grandfather invaded her subconscious! The resilience of this girl truly amazed Kelsey!

"I'm sorry, but I need to go use the restroom first. I'll be right back." Announced a very nervous Daisy, doing her best to stand up without leaning forward. It took a lot of strength to stop herself from closing her hands into fists and doubling over! Once she was around the corner, she leaned forward and shoved her hands in her crotch! Man, she'd barely made it out of sight before her desperation forced her to abandon her decency!

She quite literally shook as she walked down the hallway, making it to the restroom and turning the knob. LOCKED! At a time like this?!

"Hurry up in there, I really can't wait!" She yelled, shoving her hands even harder into her lady bits and dancing frantically!

"Just a moment, I just got in here!" Said one of the maids, finishing up as quick as she could.

PSSSSHHHHH! A two second spurt escaped poor desperate Daisy and dampened her panties! Another one of those and she'd have a wet spot on full display!

"I don't care! I'll use the sink or the shower! Just let me in right now I'm peeing myself!!!" She yelled frantically, still doubled over and shaking!

"Okay okay-" The maid put serious effort into stopping her stream and got up before the door opened, revealing the maid who hadn't yet had the chance to put her panties back up and had just barely gotten her uniform down far enough to cover her lady bits!

"OUTTA THE WAY!" Screamed Daisy, rushing to the shower and ripping her shorts and panties down before hover squatting and unleashing a two-minute torrent of gigantic proportions!

Meanwhile, the maid did her best to make it back to the toilet but ended up losing her boiling hot flood onto the floor! Naturally, she stood there beet red before wiping and cleaning up her mess! While all this went on, Daisy was still exploding in the shower! Her stream seemed to go on forever! No wonder she was in such a rush!

"I'm so sorry to have interrupted you like that." Said Daisy, stepping out of the shower and seeing the maid cleaning up her mess from the floor.

"No, it's okay. I shouldn't have waited that long in the first place."

"I guess that makes two of us." Said Daisy, moving her hand aside and exposing a golf ball sized wet spot on her shorts!

"Oh dear, I'll get you a new pair!" Said the maid, hurriedly finishing her cleaning.

"Don't bother. It's small enough it'll dry in a couple minutes anyway." Said Daisy, doing her best to hide her blush. As much as she was hiding it, she was really getting off on the whole situation! Had the maid not been there, she'd have came all over the place once she'd finished peeing! Instead, she simply washed her hands to returned to the kitchen where Roxy was staring at her with a twisted smile.

"What's so funny?!" Yelled an embarrassed Daisy as she continued to blush!

"What do you mean?"

"I mean quit making fun of me little miss I peed in the hallway and then on my own sister!"

"Hey I nearly died you little shit!"

"Just stop making fun of me!"

"Fine fine, whatever." 'Just know that I know about your kink.' Roxy telepathed to Daisy.

Shit. Thought Daisy, her secret had been exposed! What could she do now? It's not like anyone else here got off on a full bladder, right? Surely she was the only one with such a strange kink...

'I'lL uSe ThE sHoWeR' Telepathed Kelsey, again not realizing she was still linked to Daisy.

"You little shit!" Yelled Daisy, a maid stepping in and stopping the argument as the rest of the staff brought out breakfast.

There was eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, home fries, and most importantly of all, ice cold milk! Oh yeah, and the raspberry yogurt recipe the maids found in the cookbook they'd gotten from Damien!

Somehow, a meal with a family always seemed to wash away any tension from Roxy. She'd no idea that her adorable purring was what calmed everyone down, as it seemed to set the tone of the room. After all, Roxy was the most powerful member of the family. It makes sense that the others would follow her lead.

"Daisy. I do need to talk to you about something. It's not about what just happened, I promise." Said Roxy, looking to her sister who had a mouthful of freshly fried potatoes.

"Okay, what is it?"

"When I saw you this morning, I noticed why you struggle with tapping into your instincts like Stella does. It's not that they're not there, it's that everything's all tangled up. Why don't you come meditate with me on the roof after breakfast? I could use the change of pace, I'm still pretty wiped from yesterday." Said Roxy, her gaze forcing a positive response from her sister.

"Yeah, that's fine. If you think it'd help."

"I do. Stella, Kelsey, you're invited too. Although I can't say you'd get as much out of it as Daisy will." Said Daisy, glancing across the table and waiting for her answers.

The two girls agreed and a plan was made to head up to the roof at 10:00 and meditate until Daisy could figure out how to untangle her subconscious.

End of Part 14.

*017*2023-02-09 02:57

Part 15!

Atop the roof, Daisy was having trouble psyching herself into this one. She knew this was something she needed to do, but that didn't make it seem any less daunting. Was Roxy really going to go inside Daisy's subconscious? What would she find in there? Would this affect Daisy while it was happening? So many things bounced around in Daisy's mind, making it quite hard for her to focus on trying to meditate.

"For this to work, we're going to need to get her energy flowing through all of us." Said Roxy, her ability to remain calm coming in real handy at the moment.

"So, you want us to all hold hands?" Said Stella.

"You can if you want, but what's really important is a two way telepathic connection. Not only do we need to be able to connect to her, but her with us as well. I can't focus my energy well enough to do that on my own, so I'll use separate connections to you two. Stella, I'll connect to you and you'll connect to Daisy. Daisy will connect to Kelsey, and Kelsey will connect to me, finishing the loop."

"So, we're going in her subconscious too?" Asked Kelsey.

"I wouldn't bet on it. I'll be able to get in because that's what this connection is for, but you two will only be able to get in if she lets you. It's not a conscious choice on her part, we are going into her subconscious after all."

"I'm not sure I'm ready for this..." Muttered a shaking Daisy, proving to everyone else that they would be holding hands after all.

"Don't worry about it, we're all here for you!" Said Stella, grabbing Daisy's hand and gripping it just tight enough to get her message across. Naturally, Kelsey did the same.

"Okay. On the count of 3." Said Roxy, closing her eyes. Her aura flared in intensity.

"O-okay" Said the trio.

"1" Roxy's hair began to rise as a gentle wind took her weight away! "2" The trio felt the same gentle wind, as if it was trying to keep them calm and focused! "3" Roxy stayed sitting up, although her head hung forward and her arms fell to her sides. She'd fallen unconscious, with only Montorus providing the stability to keep her upright.

"Not very roomy in here..." Said Roxy, finding herself in a black nothingness surrounded by all kinds of mindless beasts! It only took a moment for one to reach out and try to claw her, prompting only a single response from Roxy as her features glowed and her aura intensified to the full force of her flame! "You had better be VERY SURE."

The beast stopped and looked to the others, communicating in a broken language without proper words. Roxy remained where she was and let her aura calm back down to its usual intensity.

The beast stepped aside, prompting the rest to do the same. A pathway had opened up in front of Roxy.

"Thank you for showing me the way, kind sir." Said Roxy in a gentle tone, trying to do her best to avoid causing any disturbances to Daisy's inner world.

"Kind... Sir...." The best repeated... Roxy swore she could see a happy tear form in its eyes as it watched her walk away.

Wonder what part of her subconscious these beasts represent. Thought Roxy, continuing down the path that seemed to never end. After walking for over ten minuets, she found herself back at the same beast.

"Kind... Sir..." It repeated in an overjoyed shout! "Nobody nice to me. Tank you!" It said to Roxy, showing another round of happy tears! Only now did Roxy realize that all the other beasts had disappeared. It was just her and this beast standing next to each other in this endless nothing.

"Yes, you're welcome..." Said a confused Roxy. "Do you know how to move on to the next area? I'm looking for Daisy's core."

"Ye, I does. Hed down dis way." Said the beast, raising an incomplete arm to what Roxy presumed to be west.

"Thank you again. You've been very helpful." Said Roxy, giving the beast a genuine smile.

"I come with you?" Asked the beast, reaching out with claws retracted, as if not knowing how to initiate a handshake.

"Sure. As long as you're sure you want to leave this area." Said Roxy, reaching out and completing the handshake.

"I does. This area dead. Been dead fore a long tim now. Pieces of me all over." Said the beast, pointing to a hand on the ground that'd grown new hands instead of fingers. "I used be able to pick tings up."

"I see. Let's see if I can't help with that." Said Roxy, reaching out and picking up the corrupt hand from the ground. Immediately, Roxy's body contorted and convulsed as a strange power rushed through her. Acting on her in strange ways, it seemed to take control of her body away from her!

"All this, just to put yourself back together?" Roxy focused her attention on the disfigured hand, imagining the extra hands turning back into fingers. Before she could decide if this was real or not, her aura flared again and her imagination had become reality!

"You fix it!" Shouted the beast, reaching out and reattaching its severed hand! "Good to have hand back."

"Are you missing any other pieces?" Asked Roxy.

"Yes. I still missing me hair." Said the beast, pointing to a giant bald in the distance!

"Anything else?"

"No, only the hair."

"Great! Follow me!" Said Roxy, walking towards the giant bald. When she finally reached it, it coughed up a few small pieces of hair and laughed at her!

"Your hair looks ridiculous! Too many colors!" Yelled the giant bald, explaining that it used to have miles and miles of beautiful, brown, wavy hair!

"Thank you for explaining your hair to me. That makes this part much easier." Said Roxy, reaching out and taking hold of the bald and imagining the hair it'd described to her. All in one motion, the bald broke apart and started to fuse with the beast's head, eventually turning into the luscious brown hair it'd described!

A whirling breeze was born, reaching for miles in each direction as the sky lit up a beautiful sunrise yellow over a never ending meadow! Flowers popped up, trees grew in the distance, and the sun began to rise!

"I'm whole again! Thank you so much!" Shouted the beast in an overjoyed voice, revealing itself to be a dark haired version of Daisy!

"It was my pleasure. The whole reason I'm here is to help Daisy, so fixing her inner world is the first step toward that goal." Explained Roxy.

"In that case, follow me. The next area is where all the problems first started." Said the brown haired version of Daisy as it walked towards the trees in the distance.

"Can you describe the problems?" Asked Roxy, following her escort to the distant trees.

"A sentence. Words floating above the ground. Too powerful to argue with, too terrible to agree with. Nothing I could do about it." Said the dark haired version of Daisy.

Roxy looked down at the meadow they were walking in, trying to find any clues that might hint at the cause of their issues. She instead found evidence that Daisy's subconscious had noticed she was inside. As she walked, she did not leave footprints in her wake. Instead, every step she took left a few Dahlia Roxy flowers, marking her footpath with a beautiful magenta-pink trail of blossoms!

Reaching the edge of the forest, the beast told Roxy that they were nearly at their destination. A few more steps and everything went dark again. Looking back, the dark haired version of Daisy was gone as well. Another black nothing.

Roxy flared her aura, hoping the light would reveal something around her. Nothing. Just nothing, as far as she could see. She wasn't even sure she could see anything, as her "flow" no longer seemed to pick up on any surroundings either.

"If you're in here, show yourself. I haven't got all day." Said Roxy, flaring her aura again. Something in the distance returned Roxy's glow, and after a moment, it began to grow in size as it came closer.

A jumble of words all mashed together, floating just above the ground... Seemed like they were in the wrong order...

"The opposite moon the sun is..." Said Roxy, reading the words in front of her. She reached out and grabbed the words, rearranging them several times. "The sun is opposite the moon." Nothing happened. "Is the moon opposite the sun." Nothing happened. "The moon is opposite the sun." Nothing happened.

Must be a piece missing, just like with the monster earlier... Thought Roxy, flaring her aura once more to look for anything that might shine back. Something small glared back from the ground... " 's" is all that was there.

Roxy picked up the apostrophe and the s, noticing that they were attached to each other and couldn't be separated. She returned to the words in front of her. "Is the moon the sun's opposite." Nothing happened. "The sun is the moon's opposite." Nothing happened. "The moon is the sun's opposite."

Another powerful wind gave way to another new landscape! Meandering steams reflected a beautiful full moon and starry sky as the blue lilies blossomed as far the eye could see. Roxy looked around her for clues and noticed a path made of Daisies instead of lilies. Just like the sunrise meadow, the daisies behind her bloomed as she walked!

Surely the blooming flowers mean something... Thought Roxy, trying to make sense of everything that'd happened since she first arrived in Daisy's inner world.

"That's it!" She yelled, picking up a Daisy and some dirt and returning to the sunset meadow.

Roxy planted the Daisy in the ground next to a patch of blooming Dahlia Roxies. Naturally, the Daisy flower bloomed as well.

Another wind formed, this one much gentler. The sun rose and streaked across the sky before stopping just before disappearing over the horizon! Looking behind her, Roxy noticed the moon had risen as well!

"So I put the two worlds together, but there's still no life here..." Muttered Roxy, trying to figure out the missing piece of the puzzle she was in. She took a walk and looked for clues, eventually stumbling across another set of words in the wrong order.

"The moon and sisters the sun are." Roxy muttered, before reaching out and rearranging the words once more. "The moon and the sun are sisters." Nothing happened. "The sun and the moon are sisters." Another great wind blew as the Daisies and Dahlia Roxies sank into the ground while a set of glowing sunflowers sprouted in their place. Looking off in the distance, it was clear that there were still some dark areas left.

Roxy picked up a glowing sunflower and made her way to one of the black areas towards the edge of the meadow. Stepping into the darkness, the sunflower lit the area up to reveal the dark haired version of Daisy once again!

"The sunflowers are back!" Yelled the dark haired Daisy in a very excited voice! "That means the second sun will rise soon! Quick, we have to get the rest!" She said, running back to the patch of glowing sunflowers and distributing them through all the dark spots with Roxy.

"That's all of them. Once the second sun rises, all will become clear!" Said the dark haired Daisy, slowly fading away until she just wasn't there anymore...

The sun moved in the sky again, nearly setting completely as the moon reached the center of the sky. Roxy noticed a new set of shadows around her and turned around to find A SECOND SUN! This one glowed red and was just above the ground above 100 feet away!

Roxy began to walk towards the red sun and noticed that there was no heat. Roxy stopped just before reaching the red sun, making sure to run through the entire puzzle in her head one last time to make sure she remembered everything before reaching out and touching the red sun.

The sun unraveled, replacing the sunset and moonrise meadow with a white expanse. Off in the distance, a fire raged!

Finally found her core. Thought Roxy, walking towards the fire in the distance.

As she neared the fire, Roxy's mind's eye burned as someone forced a connection with her. A set of images flashed repeatedly... A baby Roxy being taken away... A man returning with news that Roxy had disappeared... A police officer telling the family not to worry as they'd do everything they could to find Roxy... And a crying Daisy and Stella realizing they'd never see their sister again!

"This is what all this is about?" Muttered Roxy, reaching out and touching the flame. She wrapped her aura around the flames, oozing compassion and kindness as she said "I know it was hard. It wasn't easy for me either. But I'm here now, and I need you just as much as you need me. So let's just agree to keep moving on with our lives."

The flame did not say anything, instead it began to burn much more intense and lit up the entire space with projections of love and compassion! Roxy returned the telepathic connection and passed along images of her, Daisy and Stella eating, playing, and adventuring together. Again, the flame grew in intensity before Roxy suddenly woke up back in the real world!

She looked around to see the trio still holding hands as Daisy began to wake up, tears of joy streaking down her cheeks!

"Thank you so much! You have no idea how much that means to me!" Screamed Daisy, jumping up into Roxy's arms and giving her the hug of a lifetime!

"Really, it was nothing. We're family, of course I'm gonna help you." Said Roxy, returning the hug.

The other two stood up, not saying anything as they took in everything that'd happened. While they didn't directly enter Daisy's mind, they did see everything that Roxy saw.

So this is what people mean when they say that a bad experience can tear you apart... Thought Stella, beginning to cry tears of joy!

End of Part 15.

*018*2023-02-13 02:04

Part 16! This is another side story... I need time to figure out what I'm gonna do with the main story line.

A few days after helping Daisy with her broken instincts, Roxy fell asleep for the night and found herself in a very realistic dream world. She was surrounded by what appeared to be large parking lots filled with traffic cones arranged in circles and swerving lanes. Looking around, there was nobody around except for herself. curious if anything would happen, Roxy picked up a traffic cone and moved it to the side. Nothing happened.

Next, Roxy went to the edge of the lot where she could hear distant voices. One in particular sounded very familiar, as well as a certain mechanical purr she'd gotten to experience firsthand a few times... Something about it sounded off though...

A tall, bald man covered head to toe in Cyberpunk tattoos motioned for Damien to stop and roll down his window before he spoke up. "Hey newbie! Drivers' meeting is in fifteen minutes. We meet in the corner over there where Rob has his Dodge Demon parked." He pointed to the far corner of the lot, where a red fire breathing beast of a car laid in wait for its driver!

As the minutes passed, more and more sports cars piled into the empty space at the side of the lot. There were Volkswagens, Audis, Porsches, BMWs, and even a few American muscle cars, all driven by people under thirty. Damien was the youngest one there at only nineteen years old, and it was obvious how well he tuned out everyone's teasing! Nobody thought he'd be worth taking seriously. After all, he'd only had his license for a few years and his car still appeared stock.

Roxy swore she could see an aura forming around the scene. Swirling energies of excitement, confidence, arrogance, and pride! But most of all, a fierce determination coming from Damien. As the drivers' meeting went on, Roxy noticed many things. The cars here, they didn't look anything like the ones she was used to. They were small, low to the ground, and many had aggressive modifications and wild paint jobs! All except for Damien's car, his was still stock. Making only 225HP, poor little Onyx was the least powerful car at the event!

As fists flew in the air and screams rang out, drivers were seen splitting into groups and meeting up with instructors. The three groups were as follows: Amateur, Semi Pro and Pro (only two people in this category). With Damien being the only member of the Amateur group, he had an instructor all to himself for the entire day! This would prove to be an enormous advantage later in the day.

Before any of the drivers were allowed on the track, they sat in their cars with their instructors in the passenger seat and discussed how they'd handle the course. Other popular topics of discussion included prior racing history, professional racing events, and unique skills. Damien had none of these. Never participated in a sponsored race, never received instruction on high-speed technique and didn't think he had any special skills. He was attending this racing school to build a skill set, not improve on any skills that he already had.

Damien couldn't have been more wrong... His technical mind and natural understanding of physics and mechanical theory made him an excellent judge of momentum! While people liked to talk about how much power their cars have or how many races they've won, Damien was instead listening to the other cars going around the track. Without even thinking about it, he'd begun to memorize the course's braking zones.

"I gotta give you points for your calm nature. Most people get so excited that they can't wait to get out on the track for themselves! It's refreshing to see someone taking time to observe the others on the track." Said the instructor, impressed by Damien's attention to everyone else on the track.

"Black Porsche's gonna get passed after the turnaround." Said Damien, his eyes glued to the silver BMW behind it.

"What makes you say that?"

"He's off his rhythm. Sounds like he's getting frantic, pushing the car a bit too hard just trying to stay ahead of that BMW."

"You can tell that by the sounds of the cars?"

"Yeah." Said Damien, noticing the instructor looking at him with a rather puzzled expression on his face.

"There's over 30 cars on the course right now, how can you tell which is which?"

"I uh..." Damien paused as he tried to find the right answer... "I just do? I don't know how to explain it, but once I learn a sound, I never unhear it."

Just as Damien had predicted, the black Porsche entered the turn with a lot of momentum and hit the gas too soon before finishing the turn. The rear started to slide out before the driver corrected and brought it back under control. In that mistake, the Porsche had slid almost all the way to the outside, leaving plenty of room for the fiery BMW to blaze past on the inside.

"UNREAL!" Said the instructor, getting the feeling that his youngster might prove to be rather interesting!

In this moment, Roxy figured out what was going on... She was viewing Damien's origin story! This was the day he would fall in love with racing! What a sight!

"Since it's gonna be about half an hour before we're allowed on the track and there's no experience for us to go over, would you like to take a few laps around the cone course in the parking lot? It'd be good practice before you hit the track." Said the instructor, wanting to feel out this new driver before sending him out with everyone else.

"You mean lot 3, next to where we came in?"

"Yep. We never took the cones down from last week's autocross event. I was thinking one run at low speed, another at the pace you're comfortable with, and then a full speed run with instruction? Of course, I'll let you know if I notice anything important."

"Sound good to me." Said Damien.

LLUUUURRRRRRCCCCCHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!

"First manual car?" Asked the instructor, doing his best to stop himself from laughing at Damien, who'd just stalled the car in the parking lot.

"Y-yeah. Sorry..." Said Damien, starting the car back up and getting a proper start. In his head, Damien was laughing his ass off! He'd always wanted to do that joke!

Arriving at the edge of Lot 3, Damien noticed someone standing in the distance...

"Don't worry, they'll move." Said the instructor, noticing someone standing just beside the course.

"So, you wanted me to go slow on the first run, right?"

"Yeah. Keep it under 40. This is about learning control."

"Gotcha. I'll see what I can make happen. I've only had this car for a week, so this will be my first time throwing her around." Damien said, his mind becoming hyper-focused on the course in front of him.

With that, Damien revved to 3,000 RPM and pulled a perfect launch! With a whistling turbo shoving 12psi down its throat, that tiny little engine got Onyx up to 40mph in no time at all! Without even thinking about it, Damien lifted his foot to the perfect spot in the gas pedal and stopped the car's acceleration right at 40mph. No lurch or anything.

"Damn smooth kid. Hit the brakes and swing as you pass the green cone on your right."

Damien did exactly as he was told. As his front bumper passed the green cone, he slammed on the brakes and the car nose dived. As soon as the front end was pointed downwards and had reached the bottom of its nose dive, Damien turned the steering wheel to the left about 45 degrees and bounced it once, immediately bringing it back to the center and giving it plenty of gas before realizing he'd oversteered and giving a the wheel a gentle twitch to the right to stabilize the slide. He'd only lost about 5mph in his steering mistake and was still between the cones, so he didn't really worry about it. He instead focused on memorizing how the tires were responding to him.

For the rest of the first run, Damien never missed a single mark. There were only green cones on the sharper turns, so Damien just let off the gas on the turns without green cones, only using the brakes when he passed a green cone.

"I thought you said you'd never driven this car aggressively before!" Said the instructor, taken completely aback by Damien's natural aptitude.

"I haven't! That was my first drift in this car, and I honestly didn't mean to throw the rear out like that." Said Damien, sitting in his seat like a statue.

"When did you start driving?"

"When I was eight. Although if you count tractors and quads, I've been driving something since I was six."

"I guess that's where your composure comes from. You're used to being behind the wheel."

"I guess so. That and this is just so much fun! I noticed the tires feeling more glued down towards the end of the run. I didn't have to shed as much speed before the tires sounded aqua."

Naturally, this sentence confused his instructor. It was nice that Damien could tell that the tire temperatures were improving as he drove, but what on earth did he mean when he said they sounded aqua?

"Do you have a thing with sounds? Earlier you picked out an upcoming overtake based on sounds from all the way over at the track, and now you're telling tire temperature by color? How does that last one even work?"

"Oh... I have chromesthesia. My sense of hearing overlaps onto my sense of vision, just like how your sense of smell often overlaps onto your sense of taste. The lowest sounds I can hear, being just vague rumblings, appear at the bottom left of my vision as the innermost color of the rainbow. The highest sounds I can hear appear at the top right of my vision as the outermost color of the rainbow, and everything else fills in between. Quieter sounds are smaller, more see through, and generally don't really have a visible edge and just sort of fade into nothing. Louder sounds are larger, less see through, and generally have well defined edges. Sometimes they can appear jagged or wavy, depending on the sound."

"And this doesn't get in the way of your vision?"

"Nope. Even louder sounds are still moderately see through. When I said quieter ones were more see through, I meant they were barely there. It doesn't get in the way of seeing the world around me."

"I've never heard of anything like that before! That's truly a gift!"

"Thank you! it gets in the way from time to time, but generally I'd say it's an advantage for someone like me, who has a more technical mind."

"Speaking of which, I wanted to point out just how spot on your braking was! You hit the brakes a little bit early a couple times, but you always let go of the pedal at just the right time. Surely you've had some kind of training before, right?"

"Well thank you! It's great to know that I'm already starting to get this car figured out. As for training, this is my first time. I've always just drove in a way that seemed smooth. I trade braking and accelerating for steering, trying not to use too much of any of them at once. I always thought of it like a balancing act."

"You're right on the money! I thought I'd be teaching you the very basics since you didn't write down any special skills or professional experience, but it's clear your non-professional experience is exceptional! Ready for your high speed run?"

"Sure!"

"Don't go just yet. I just had an idea." Said the instructor. He asked Damien to get out of his car and help move all the green cones away from the course. They replaced them with regular cones, essentially removing the markers for where to hit the brakes.

"Ready when you are!" Said the instructor, motioning for Damien to go on ahead with his high speed run.

"E" Said Damien, cracking a smile as he threw his car in first gear, quickly reaching 50mph and shifting up to second. Damien redlined in second for a moment before slamming on the brakes and doing a gentler version of his maneuvers on his first run!

Amazing! He's not even driving hard and we're absolutely flying!

As Damien finished his run, he'd settled into his signature style of throwing the front end in a hair early and backing off on the steering. Rather than relying on the power he didn't have, his entire technique seemed to be based on momentum! Not only that, but his heel-toe downshifting was so smooth that if the instructor hadn't seen Damien moving the shifter, he wouldn't have even noticed that Damien had shifted down!

Roxy continued to watch on from the distance. Her 360 vision didn't seem to work in this dream world, but her excellent eyes still came with their usual abilities to zoom and focus far better than what you would expect from a human. She didn't really care much for the cars, but Damien meant the world to her, and it was obvious that he was having the time of his life as he fell in love with racing! He'd become one with the machine in such a short time, it was like this was what he was born to do!

"I don't think you need any more practice runs on the autocross course. I'm gonna bump you up to Semi-Pro and put you in with instructor Caleb." Said the instructor, noticing that Damien still hadn't so much as broken a sweat! The instructor didn't even know these underpowered cars could go half this fast! "You'll be on the track with the rest of the semi-pro students, so don't be surprised if they pull some moves you haven't seen before. This is going to be about gaining experience, so don't worry if you can't quite keep up with the rest of the pack. Plus, you have the least powerful car here. Being in last place just means that you can still keep growing and improving as a racer!"

"I get it! You don't have to rub it in." Said Damien, trying his best to not yell at his instructor. Since the moment he'd gotten here, everyone had been looking at him like he didn't belong here with his tiny car and equally tiny little engine.

"Sorry. I just wanted to make sure you know what you're getting into." Said the instructor in a warm and comforting tone.

"It's no biggie. I guess it's to be expected when you're the youngest guy with the least powerful car here." Said Damien.

"Either way, you do have really impressive control. Professional experience or not, if we put you behind the wheel of a more powerful car, I'm sure you'd wipe the floor with some of our middle ranked students!"

"Thank you! I'll certainly do my best with what I've got here. I know this isn't the world's fastest car. I didn't buy her because she's powerful, I bought her because she matches my driving style. And I think I know what my first modifications are going to be."

"And what would those be?"

"Adjustable suspension and a stiffer rear sway bar. I noticed that there's a rather fine line between when I can rotate the whole car and when the rear loses traction. Some more control over front versus rear traction would definitely be nice."

"Smart kid! Suspension, steering and tires should always be at the top of people's modifications lists."

After a few minutes, Instructor Caleb finished his run with one of the semi-pro students and switched over to Damien. Damien's previous instructor told Caleb what he'd seen. He made sure to emphasize how much concentration Damien had and how fast he was without driving hard or throwing the car around, as well as the fact that Damien apparently pays more attention to the sounds around him than most people, which seems to let him get a better idea of how much grip he's got on the road.

"I don't see how that works." Said instructor Caleb.

"Neither do I, but you'll get to see it in action here in a minute! I'm telling you, you'll feel like this kid's got decades of professional experience!" Said the previous instructor, closing the door and heading back to get a drink of water.

"Before we get started, we just have the usual stuff to go over. If you need help with any of these, just let me know. First, you need to understand that you're going on a race track where other people are pushing their cars to their limits. It's important that you drive safely. I'm not saying to go slow, but just don't push the car until you've got a few laps in and have a good feel for things. Second, be aware that accidents can happen. If something happens in front of you, just slow down. The marshals and track officials will get everything taken care of for us. And lastly, know that I'm here if you need anything or if you get panicked. I'll just be observing since this is your first time, but I'll let you know if there's anything you can do to improve your control and/or your safety while you're out on the track."

"I understand. I'm ready when you are." Said Damien, a look of determination on his face. He might have the slowest car, but he was sure he'd give some of the other students a real run for their money!

"Well then go ahead when you see a good opportunity to pull out."

Damien did just that, accelerating to redline in every gear and quickly matching the speed of everyone around him!

Damn. If I didn't see him over there rowing through the gears, I'd think this was an automatic. And didn't he say he'd only had this car for a week? Hot damn he's smooth!

First corner was coming up fast! At a speed of over 100mph, instructor Caleb had no idea that nobody had explained the braking zones to Damien. Given this, he panicked and simply yelled BRAKES as soon as Damien drove past the white 500 sign to the right!

Damien did exactly this, slamming on the brakes and causing the car to nose dive! Just like in the autocross course, he did a small bounce of the wheel to get Onyx pointed the way he wanted and used his finesse on the gas pedal to finish his turn! Since he'd hit the brakes earlier than he usually would have, he ended up starting his turn a little too soon and ran over the raised edge on the inside of sharp turn he was on! This caused Onyx to lean to the outside, at which point Damien instinctively twitched the wheel to counter the leaning and ended up keeping the front inside tire about an inch off the ground while simultaneously finishing his turn on a near perfect line!

HOT DAMN! I thought he was gonna go off the track! And look at him! That whole thing never even phased him!

"Next time, start your turn a little bit later. No need to clip the inside like that." Said Caleb.

"I didn't mean to. I hit the brakes when you told me to, and slowed down sooner than I would've liked. Guess I just instinctively started the turn too soon as well..." Said Damien, his face a statue as his eyes took in the course in front of him. He'd never driven this track before and didn't have any idea of what line to follow, but he had amazing driving sense and could picture where to start his maneuvers.

On the next turn, Damien again passed the beginning of the braking zone! Caleb did not speak up. After the last turn, he trusted Damien's control over the car.

Damien didn't hit the brakes until it was almost too late, keeping the front end pointed downwards as the muscles in his arms began to move! At the exact moment the front end started to rise back up, Damien finished turning the steering wheel and bounced it once before returning the wheel to the center! A perfect entry! His style of using momentum rather than power was shining like a star!

Damien continued to impress as he went about the rest of his ten laps. He passed many people, only getting passed once on a straightaway by a fire breathing Demon!

Once the event was over, everyone pulled up to the garage spaces and had some water before chatting about how much fun they'd all had!

Damien found himself to be the topic of many curious students, wondering where he got his training from. When he told them he didn't have any training, many just looked confused or accused him of lying. However, not only was Damien telling the truth, but he was the fourth fastest of the day! He'd been beaten by both pro students and one semi pro.

Damien chose to look at it the other way around. He'd beaten everyone except for those three! And on his first day ever on a racetrack! In a car he'd only had for a week and had never driven this fast before!

Roxy approached the group to congratulate Damien, only for the ground to begin crumbling away under her! Everyone started to disappear as the world quite literally fell apart!

Damien awoke from a pleasant dream, a sense of nostalgia and familiarity filling his mind.

Back at the mansion, Roxy awake with a newfound sense of pride towards Damien! She'd figured out rather quickly that this wasn't just a dream, it was a memory! Everything that'd happened, except for her moving the cone, was what happened over a decade ago right after Damien bought Onyx!

Little did Roxy know, Damien never would've oversteered if she hadn't moved the cone... That didn't affect the outcome of the day, he was still fourth overall, same as what happened in real life... However, in the real events over a decade ago, Damien never oversteered or had to correct his steering during his autocross runs. His maneuvers were spot on from the moment he left the starting line, despite having no prior experience doing these sorts of events!

End of part 16. I'll likely be a little while before I start the next part of the story, so I wanted to make sure you guys had some content to tide you over.
