Making it Rain in Vegas

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-05-29 03:10

I almost never post different stories in sequential weeks, but after being away for long enough that people welcomed me "back," I thought I'd better post something new before I travel for the next 3 weekends! This isn't an original story, per se, but based on this news story.

That, for obvious reasons, intrigued me. So here's a brief (for me) imaginative version of what happened. Enjoy!

###

“Wooo! There they go!” Marshall Peterson whooped as he watched the latest riders fly down the zipline above him.

Marshall’s 15-year-old son, Simon, smiled weakly. Simon wasn’t nearly as excited about the zipline as his father, but Marshall had insisted, and Simon’s teenage desire not to seem weak had prevented him from declining.

Vera, Simon’s mother, shook her head affectionately. “You know, dear, you’re really getting too old for thrill seeking,” she chided.

“Age is just a number!” Marshall proclaimed gleefully. “Just because you’re allergic to fun…Si and I are gonna have a blast, right Si?”

“Totally,” Simon responded, convincingly enough for his father.

Vera rolled her eyes, but grinned. “You two have fun. I’m going to go get a coffee and wait for you on the other side.” She kissed her husband and hugged her son, then set off down the busy, Las Vegas street.

“Come on, Si,” Marshall ordered, heading up to the ticket office. Simon followed, glancing nervously up at the cables high above his head. “Two for the zipline, please,” Marshall said to the bored-looking worker behind the glass.

“Regular or zoomline, sir?” the worker drawled.

“Oh, zoomline, definitely!” Marshall replied without hesitation. “Go big or go home, right Si?”

Simon flinched. The “zoomline” was the higher of the two offerings and started out 114 feet off the ground. Simon wasn’t the biggest fan of heights to begin with, and he certainly didn’t share his dad’s penchant for adrenaline-rush activities. As a child, he’d mostly been able to avoid them, but since he’d entered adolescence, and particularly since his most recent growth spurt had put him just over 6 feet tall, Simon’s dad had become more insistent about including Simon in his hobbies. White water rafting had been OK, and there were some amusement park rides that Simon enjoyed, but parasailing had been rough. It was gentle and quiet for the most part, but Simon really, really didn’t like heights.

It’ll be over fast, Simon thought. Just one minute.

Marshall beamed as he handed over Simon’s wristband. Father and son strapped on the ID bands, holding them up to show the guard at the entrance, then headed to the elevator.

Simon’s stomach lurched as the elevator rose to the top platform. With a start, Simon noticed that he had to pee. Not surprising, really; his bladder always seemed to fill faster when he was nervous.

It’ll be quick, Simon thought again, tightening his pelvic muscles a bit. Just a few more minutes, and then I can pee

When the elevator doors opened, however, Simon was greeted by the sight of a bigger crowd than he’d anticipated. At least 25 guests stood around the platform, waiting for their turn to step into a harness and fly down the line.

“Here,” a neon-shirted employee shoved two strips of paper toward Marshall and Simon. “You two are number 430 and 431. When your numbers are called, head over to Jerome there, and he’ll size you up and get you into your harnesses. In the meantime, stay up here, look around, but don’t go past the yellow line into the loading zone.”

Marshall thanked the employee. Simon followed his father, but paused when the release door creaked open. The strung-up riders, harness in on their stomachs, face-down, were giggling and chattering with nerve-tinged excitement. Seeing the view from so many stories up made Simon’s bladder spasm, and he clenched his thighs together to fight the urge.

The process only took a few minutes, but to Simon, it looked agonizingly long. Riders would hear their number called, then walk over to the harnessing area on the side of the room. Jerome, another employee, would hand them an appropriately-sized harness and instruct them on how to put it on. Harness properly cinched, the riders would then wait their turn to line up at one of the three cables. More workers would hook industrial-sized carabiners to each harness, then steady the riders as hydraulics raised them into prone positions, head first and face down, ready for launch.

In the 15 minutes before his number was called, Simon’s anxiety only increased, as did the amount of liquid in his bladder. He started shifting from side to side without really noticing he was doing it.

“430, 431, 432!” the employee who’d greeted them at the elevator called. “Please come get fitted with your harnesses!”

“Oooooooh, almost time!” Marshall cheered, practically bouncing over to the harnessing area.

Simon squeezed his thighs together and breathed deeply, trying to calm his nerves. In 5 or so minutes, this whole thing would be over, and he would be fine.

Jerome professionally walked them through the process of putting on their harnesses, making sure the straps were in all the right places. Simon inhaled sharply when Jerome tightened the strap around his waist; he clenched quickly, just barely preventing a leak.

Standing on his designated spot on the loading dock, Simon tried to keep from trembling. The girl hooking him up noticed. “It’s OK, kid,” she chuckled. “These systems are 100% safe.”

Simon attempted a smile. Of course he knew that the rigging was likely to have all sorts of safety precautions in place, but knowing that didn’t help him feel any better.

“Ready on 2!” the girl called when Simon was fully strapped in. The workers assisting Marshall and the rider in spot 3 called out similarly. With a slight jerk, Simon was lifted off his feet and tilted forward.

“Superman pose!” the girl said cheerfully as Simon was raised to release position, but Simon didn’t feel like Superman. His dad was whooping excitedly next to him, but Simon’s head was spinning. His breaths were shallow, and he gripped the front of his harness tightly. His legs were separated by the harness, but he still

The release door slowly started opening, and Simon started panting. He tightened his lower muscles as much as possible, but at this point, he was bordering on losing consciousness.

Please, Simon begged silently, just one minute.

“5…4…” an automated voice counted down to release. Simon started hyperventilating. “3…2…1…”

Simon’s heart skipped a beat. The locking mechanism released.

And so did Simon’s bladder.

As he started to fly forward over the street, warm urine gushed from between his legs like a water balloon had popped. Because of his positioning, liquid fell straight downward toward the street instead of trickling down his legs, not that his nylon athletic shorts soaked up much, anyway. Simon thought he could hear people yelping in surprise, but he sailed out of earshot before he could be sure. His chest tightened at the thought of accidentally drenching unsuspecting tourists in pee.

The remaining 45 or so seconds of the trip were nothing but the muffled sounds of the bustling street below and Simon’s own heavy breathing. He vaguely heard his father’s excited cheers to his left.

Simon slowed as he approached the landing platform. The attendant was smiling as he reached for Simon’s harness, but all Simon could think about was the cold wetness of his underwear, pressing against his skin.

As the attendant unstrapped Simon, another neon-shirted worker sprinted up the steps, walkie-talkie in hand.

“Excuse me, sir?” the employee interrupted Marshall’s gleeful chatter. “Is this your son?”

Marshall’s eyebrows creased in confusion. “Yeah. What’s going on?”

The worker glanced at Simon, who instantly looked at the floor. “Can you two come with me, please?”

Still baffled, Marshall signaled for Simon to follow the worker. Simon’s cheeks were hot with shame as the worker led them down a set of stairs.

“Marshall? Si?” Simon’s eyes flashed upward briefly at the sound of his mom’s voice. Vera was walking up the steps toward them, an eager smile rapidly fading from her face. “What’s going on?”

“Are you this boy’s mother, ma’am?” the worker asked.

“Yes, this is my son. What’s going on?” Vera repeated, falling into step next to Marshall.

“If you could just please come with me,” the worker requested, turning down a hallway full of offices. He opened a door on the left and gestured toward some chairs along the wall. “Could you all please have a seat?”

Marshall looked both nervous and irritated. “Could you please tell us what’s going on? What do you want with Simon?”

The employee, whose nametag read “Jeff” looked uncomfortable. “We received a report of…mischief…regarding your son,” Jeff explained hesitantly. “We’d just like to get to the bottom of what happened.”

“Mischief?” Marshall was incredulous. “I was with him the whole time! He didn’t do anything!”

“Yes, well, there were…complaints…” Jeff stammered.

“Complaints of what?” Vera interjected, somewhat defensively. She glanced at Simon for answers, but he was determinedly hunched forward, not looking at anyone.

Jeff turned to the door anxiously. “I’d really rather wait for-“

Fortunately for Jeff, two uniformed police officers walked in just then. Jeff sighed with relief. “I’ll just let the officers speak with you,” he mumbled before all but sprinting out the door.

Marshall stood up a bit straighter. “Officer, can you please tell us what our son is being accused of?”

The taller of the two, a man whose badge read “Douglas” raised his eyebrows. These parents don’t know, Douglas thought incredulously. He briefly looked down at the boy’s shorts; wetness was practically invisible on the dark, nylon fabric.

“Sir,” Officer Douglas began carefully. “We received reports of…liquid…falling on people below the launch point of the zipline. Based on information from employees on the platform, we believe your son…urinated…on them.”

Marshall and Vera both started talking (yelling) at once. “WHAT?!?” Marshall snapped. “Are you serious?” He whipped around to glare at Simon. “What were you thinking?”

Vera was simultaneously addressing her son. “Si, that’s not funny,” she chastised. “That’s so unsanitary!”

“Were you trying to be funny?” Marshall was getting angrier. “Did you plan this ahead of time?”

Simon didn’t answer. His faced flamed with humiliation. He didn’t know what was worse; getting in trouble for peeing on tourists on purpose, or his parents knowing the truth – that he’d wet himself on accident.

The second officer, Angela Formus, stared intently at Simon while his parents frantically questioned him. She saw the teen’s slightly trembling chin and tense posture. Yes, it was possible that he was just embarrassed at being caught, but maybe…

Officer Formus cleared her throat to quiet the room. “Look, ma’am, sir,” she addressed Marshall and Vera, “I’d like to hear from your son, please. Sometimes, at that age, kids can just get overwhelmed in places like Vegas.”

Marshall snorted. “We expect more of him than that.”

Angela ignored Marshall and turned toward Simon. “Young man?” Simon flinched, but didn’t look up. “My name is Officer Formus. What’s yours?”

“Simon,” Simon murmured, frowning, furiously trying to blink back tears.

“Hi Simon,” Angela smiled encouragingly. “We just want to know what happened. Were you playing a practical joke?”

Simon hesitated, his mind racing. Did he really want to admit what happened? Could he handle the repercussions if he let them think he did it on purpose? Ultimately, the fact that there were two real, live police officers in front of him was too terrifying. “No,” he whispered, curling his shoulders forward even more.

“OK,” Angela continued gently, before Marshall or Vera could interrupt. “Can you tell me what happened, then?”

Despite his best efforts, a low whimper escaped Simon’s throat. “I…” his voice cracked, and he clenched his fists to stop his hands from trembling. “I was scared,” he murmured. “I didn’t mean to.”

Next to Angela, Officer Douglas just nodded, but Vera paled and Marshall flushed at the implication of their son’s words.

“I see,” Angela went on, comfortingly. “So you didn’t intend to urinate on those people?”

Cringing at the phrasing, Simon shook his head. “It…it was an a-accident,” he stammered, overwhelmed with shame. His knees were shaking; he wasn’t sure he could stand much longer.

Angela nodded, unwilling to push the teen anymore. It seemed clear to her and her partner that Simon’s actions weren’t malicious. On the contrary – they were quite humiliating. The teen had suffered enough.

“We’re so sorry,” Vera apologized, having regained her bearings much more quickly than her husband. “We’re more than happy to compensate the people who were…hit.”

“That won’t be necessary in this case, ma’am,” Officer Douglas assured her. “These things happen. And let’s be honest: people can get a lot worse in Vegas!”

Officer Douglas’s attempt at levity was only met with the barest of grins from Vera. Simon was still staring at the ground, miserable, and Marshall was apparently having trouble processing the fact that his son had wet himself at age 15. Officer Douglas just shook his head knowingly, and he and Officer Formus left the room.

“Simon?” Vera asked hesitantly, breaking the silence after the officers left. “Is…is that true?”

Simon could only nod wretchedly; he was so ashamed.

“But…” Marshall sputtered, “but…it was so cool! You didn’t say anything!”

Simon sniffled deeply, unable to stop a tear from rolling down his nose. He was sure his dad would never invite him to do anything ever again.

“Honey,” Vera softly touched her husbands arm. She knew he wasn’t going to be the most supportive in this situation. “Why don’t you go to the restaurant to make our reservations for tonight? You know they only accept them in person. Si and I will go back to the hotel to change.”

Simon flinched again at the fact that yes, he had to change out of his piss-soaked pants, but Marshall just nodded, a bit bemused, and walked out the door.

“Honey?” Vera repeated, this time directed at Simon. “Are you OK?”

Simon started to nod, but stopped and slowly shook his head instead. His breath caught, and he let out a sob.

“Oh, Si,” Vera breathed, wrapping her son in a hug. “It’s OK.”

“I’m sorry,” Simon cried. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to do it!”

“I know, sweetie,” Vera soothed. “I’m sorry your dad and I jumped to conclusions.”

Simon whimpered and pulled away. “He’s so mad,” he mumbled.

“No, honey, he’s not-“

“He is!” Simon interrupted, still crying. “He just wants to do all these things and I’m a big baby and they scare me and I can’t…and I…” Simon trailed off, looking reflexively down at his wet shorts, as if to punctuate just how unlikely it was that his dad would be OK with what happened.

Vera sighed and rubbed Simon’s back. “I know your dad can be a little rough around the edges, sweetie,” she said. “But he loves you. It probably honestly never occurred to him that you don’t love all his adventures as much as he does.”

Simon shrugged half-heartedly. He knew his dad loved him, but what kind of father would ever be OK with a son who was not only too scared to handle a zipline, but who actually peed himself?

Vera sighed again. “Come on, honey. Let’s go back to the hotel and take a break.”

Simon didn’t answer; he didn’t know what else to say, so Vera just pulled out her phone and ordered a car.

*002*2016-06-01 00:55

{{On 5/29/2016 at 0:03 AM, bazinga said:

Oh wow, I was so happy when I saw you posted a new fic! I love this so so much, you have no idea. Beautifully written (as always)! xx

}}

You're so sweet :) This was just something thrown together, not one of the stories that I've had in mind for months, but I had to get it out to give myself mental space to write more original stuff. Thank you so, so, so much for all your kind comments!

*004*2016-06-25 01:12

{{On 6/12/2016 at 1:29 PM, classified43 said:

That's a great story! I really enjoy your posts. Taking real world stories is always fun. Did you hear about this from a few years back?

%http://nesn.com/2010/01/ball-boy-at-australian-open-has-accident-on-court-causes-delay/

}}

(Approximately 100 years later...) I hadn't seen that! Or if I had, I forgot about it. Poor kid :( I wish the article had more details! Thanks for sharing!

