Daughter of Vengeance (Batgirl mini-series)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-09-23 22:45

This is a continuation to Earning the Cowl (http://omorashi.org/topic/8777-earning-the-bat-cowl/

) and is a mini-series like Last Daughter of Krypton [season 1] (http://omorashi.org/topic/6925-last-daughter-of-krypton/

) Which exists in the same multi-verse. Since this is a new topic here is the model I imagine as Stephanie. http://www.modelmayhem.com/cheerleaderbarbie

And this is my favorite picture of her http://www.modelmayhem.com/1091267#16696997

Robin and Nightwing will appear as they do in the Arkham City Game

And this is the model I imagine for "The Girl" http://shessmart.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/nina-dobrev.jpg

Warning: This series will eventually include diapering (not much, only on stake-outs so only one or two times)

I hope you enjoy.

Stephanie dodged a series of intense series of attacks, dodging backwards with an awkward backbend. The wind off of Her attackers fists nearly sent her tumbling but she snapped back into position only to have the ground shoot out from under her as she fell onto her butt. She groaned as she squirmed slightly. Her attacker stepped out of the shadows lending her a hand to rise to her feet.

“Thanks Robin.” Stephanie muttered.

As soon as she had been rescued from the ordeal with the Joker She was allowed a hot shower in an undisclosed location, given a change of clothes (Pajama jeans skinny, a black V-neck t-shirt and violet converse sneakers) she was then allowed a two hour nap before she was awoken and brought out (blindfolded) to a training facility where she had spent three hours squaring off against Robin.

She had been allowed access to a bowl of fruit and a cooler of water at any time she wished, as well as the bathroom. While she accepted the sustenance she refused to utilize the facilities until she beat Robin. Of course at the time she had assumed that since she defeated the henchmen so easily that a thirteen year old boy would be a piece of cake.

Hours later and a nearly full bladder reviewed that he hadn’t broken a sweat with every defeat of her. Stephanie was embarrassed, especially having lost in front of the very attractive Nightwing. She tried to ignore him but kept getting caught up between forcing back waves of desperation and gazing at him, the reason for several losses.

“Come on, I’m not even trying.” Robin grinned widely. Stephanie didn’t hesitate and came out swinging. She managed to nick Robin most of the time, only to have him block, counter or simple dodge the attacks and then return them more accurately. A sudden, intense wave of desperation hit Stephanie’s bladder, almost causing her to wet herself. She cringed for only a moment before regaining her composure and continuing. She put all her weight into a punch, lurching forward with it, only to have Robin dodge and catch her by the torso. He flipped her, hard. She had the breath knocked out of her and she felt herself soak her panties. She managed to rise to a sitting position and stem the flow, which amazingly didn’t show on the pajama skinny jeans.

She was on her feet in moments and began to fight back, hoping to win this round. She came out with a few quick attacks to edge on Robin. When he swung back she blocked rather than dodged, she caught every one of his hits with her forearm. She stepped back and sidestepped as he still managed to force her back. She was growing tired and her legs began to tremble as she tried to contain her urine. She pushed forward, whenever she would block a hit she would also shove him back lightly.

“How did you get so good?” Stephanie asked as a spurt escaped, leaving a penny sized wet mark on her jeans. She clenched her thighs together but Robin didn’t seem to notice.

“Training under the birds of prey does that for you.” He replied simply. He swung at her but she ducked back and went on to flip him, only to have him land on his feet behind her. Stephanie spun around, her leg swinging towards Robin’s face as she performed a tornado kick. He caught her leg however and held it there as urine began to leak from Stephanie’s urethra, a slender wet patch snaked its way down the side of her side as she yanked her leg back.

She was free and leaped forward the back of her heel connecting against his shoulder. His knees bent as he groaned but he managed to throw her behind him. Stephanie barely landed on her feet as another stream of urine soaked her right thigh. Robin managed a round kick into Stephanie’s stomach. She was thrown to the ground as her bladder exploded.

She slammed to the ground as urine began to pour out of her body, the puddle began to expand from beneath her, soaking her top and pants. She gasped for air and tried to bring herself to a sitting position ignoring the flow of urine from her urethra. She managed to regain her breath as she sat up and managed to stem the flow despite being soaked. Drops or urine still fell from her clothing as she rose to her feet. Her face was bright red as she glanced at Robin who was laughing and then at Nightwing who seemed disappointed.

Nightwing cast a disapproving glance at Robin before speaking. “Great! Two sidekicks who can’t hold their pee.” Nightwing muttered. Robin blushed and looked at the ground. “Go get change and come back here as soon as you are changed.”

“But what about the bathroom?” Stephanie had asked, there was a changing room at the back of the facility but there wasn’t a bathroom at this part of… where ever she was.

“You can shower when you finish up here.” Nightwing said.

“But I…” Stephanie decided against revealing she still needed to use the bathroom. Instead she just obliged and headed to the changing room. Closing the door behind her she found a change of clothes similar to the ones she had previously donned. She switched clothing after awkwardly drying herself with the dry parts of her clothing. She emerged to find Robin already prepared for a second round of fighting.

Stephanie didn’t hesitate, racing forward with a series of punches. Robin blocked them of course but Kara mimicked his blocks when it came time for him to launch a few punches. “Getting better. Just try not to wet yourself.”

“Shut up!” Stephanie’s face was practically glowing red as she lost her temper and began to throw everything she could into each punch, hoping to knock him off balance. He didn’t seem to give in though, and forced her back as usually. Stephanie grit her teeth as she caught him by the wrist after dodging one of her punches. She pulled him closer to her kneeing him in the stomach.

He doubled over, allowing her to slam her fist into his back nearly causing him to fall to his knees. He managed to stay upright however and swung his fist back around, connecting with her skull. She stumbled forward and only just managed to duck a flying kick from him. She whipped her leg into his shoulder and almost fell over as exhaustion began to overcome her. She needed to win!

She pushed herself, punch, block, counter, punch, kick, kick, dodge punch, counter, block hit. It was all a blur of motion to her, she lost her thoughts and acted only on instinct and reflex. Where had this foreign style come from? In all of her tournaments, despite always winning, she had never felt this animal power. It was raw, yet sleek. She was able to almost anticipate Robin’s actions and reverse them to her odds. It was… good.

She seemed to have Robin on his feet now, pushing him back, nearly bringing him to his knees as she fought like a… hero. It was amazing how powerful she had become once she let go of her inhibitions and let adrenaline course she was nearly unstoppable. Her body remembered her training and combined the styles, acting on its own accord as she nearly knocked Robin onto his butt on several occasions in the course of five minutes.

Nightwing seemed impressed as he admired her fighting style, and Robin shut up for once as he was forced to actually focus on the fight. Stephanie briefly wondered whether she was really this good or if he was going easy on her. That brief moment of uncertainty nearly caused her another lost. He sent her flying back, she managed to turn her falter into a clumsy backhand spring but upon landing she twisted her ankle.

She cringed as Robin charged her; she limped but resumed her animal fighting style. She once again pushed him back, and finally succeeded in defeating him. He laid on his back breathing heavily his cheeks slightly red.

She smirked as she strut over to him, her hips swaying with a little extra moxy. As she stood over him she spoke with a sext purr. “You just got beat by a girl.”

“I let you win.” He gasped lightly. Stephanie rolled her eyes. “By the way, you smell like pee.” He chuckled weakly. Stephanie’s ears burned as she glanced towards Nightwing.

“So does your bed, Robin.” Nightwing said. Then turning to Stephanie he addressed her. “Go get cleaned up and then I’ll take you to your room where food will be waiting for you.” He said with little emotion.

Stephanie simply nodded her head and began walking in a direction before stopping. “Er… where do I get cleaned up at?” She asked, realizing she was still confused where she was.

“Right... take this.” He tossed her a blindfold which she covered her eyes with. She instantly felt herself being led through several halls and doors till he stopped her. “Ok, take your blindfold off.” He said. Stephanie obliged and found herself in a large bathroom.

“Well, I’ll be going.” Nightwing said leaving the room. Once he was gone Stephanie stripped nude and quickly operated the shower and washed herself off, specifically scrubbing the areas that were soaked in urine. Once she was done she got out and dried herself, changing back into her clothing before knocking on the bathroom door from the inside. Nightwing instantly entered the room with the blindfold.

“You… were just waiting out there?” Stephanie asked awkwardly.

“Uh… yeah.” He blushed lightly but quickly regained his composure. “Anyway come with me.” He said leading her through another series of halls till she found herself in the room she had taken a nap in.

A refined older gentleman was just placing a meal on a silver platter on her night stand when they had entered.

“Oh hello there Ms. Brown.” He spoke with an Irish accent. “I was just prepping your room. I hope you find your meal satisfactory.” With that, the kind spoken butler was gone.

“What he said.” Nightwing disappeared, closing the door behind him. Stephanie nodded lightly, to no one in particular before enjoying her rich meal before she explored her room.

It had a faint, pleasant, scent of lavender billowing throughout it, a large queen sized mattress with purple sheets, comforters and covers on it. She discovered the material of the bedding was silk. The floor was polished wood, a mahogany wardrobe and dresser sat in one side of the room, a television hung opposite of the bed, a mini-fridge under the night stand and a hamper in the corner.

She examined the wardrobe and dresser to find it full of clothing. She selected a set of pajama’s, a black nightshirt and purple sweat pants. She grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge sipped from it for a while before retiring to sleep.

Meanwhile in the bowels of the Gotham Sewer system was an influential Gotham politician, racing across the thin concrete ledge, fleeing a gang of criminals. A flash of a shadow shot across the opposite ledge leaping onto the ledge behind the politician, cutting him off from the criminals. A dark haired girl around her early twenties, dressed in jeans, a black t-shirt and black flats popped her knuckles imposingly revealed herself as the shadow.

The first thug laughed at the sight of her. “Ay, boys looks like we got a little treat.” He called back. “Now be a good little girl and wait here for us.” He chuckled. The girl smirked, then in a blur she moved, snapping the man’s neck, drawing a dagger, slitting the throat of another thug, she continued her process, killing each criminal, without leaving any indication of her involvement. She darted back to the cowering politician, who was curled up in a ball.

He stood up, flustered, at her approach. Dressed in a soiled business suit her felt like a fool. “How did you learn to fight like that.”

“No time to talk.” She purred. “Follow me.” She led him through the maze like sewer system for around a half hour without flaw before she ran into her first obstacle. They were closing into a manhole when water splash out and an mutant like crocodile-man leaped onto the ledge. The girl froze, terrified and a stain of urine slowly began to expand across her crotch. The wet patch grew ever so slowly as she remained frozen, only semi-conscious of the hot pee streaming down her legs before the monster.

The villain known as killer croc approached with an odd sort of grin on his… lips?

“I very rarely get a snack down here.” He walked forward as urine still slowly leaked from the girls urethra, steaks of urine seeping into the front of the jeans, rolling down to her ankles where rivulets of urine rolled across her feet, pooling in her flats and overflowing. A puddle expanded beneath her shoes until the monster loomed just before her.

The politician shook her to her senses. “Run!” He screamed, listening to his own advice. The girl followed his lead with urine still running down her shapely legs. She fled the monster, her shoes making a squelching noise as she ran through the sewer system with the politician. The sound was betraying her cause so she kicked them into the sewer water and continued running bare foot, leaving wet foot prints behind her. Finally they found another man hole, the girl led the way up and forced the cover off and raised herself out onto an empty alley way.

The politician followed, wiping drops of urine that had fallen onto him from the girl. He turned to the girl and laughed. “Thanks for the help.”

“Thanks for not dying, or fainting. It would have been a pain to drag you out of there.” The girl said with and odd laugh. The politician echoed her laugh. “But now... I can just carry you to the rendezvous.” She said, snapping his neck. He dropped dead and she threw him over her shoulder and carried him to a pick-up zone.

Thanks for reading, leave feedback, comments, criticism below!

*002*2012-09-24 20:43

{{: 

Another fabulous piece.....i love seeing you have updated a story, i know they will always be awesome and this one was wonderful...thank you!

}}

Thank you, you have no idea how much that means to me:)

*004*2012-09-24 23:38

{{: 

Ire very good just keep going w it

}}

Thank you:)

*006*2012-09-27 01:42

{{: 

Excellent story I loved it. the only thing I noticed wrong with it is you referred to stephanie as kara once. no biggie though :)

}}

Thanks for the alert, I'll keep it in mind when I write next time:) It was about time I finally got the names mixed up:P

*007*2012-09-30 23:43

I have no idea why I didn't start double spacing this before. Anyway, I intended to make this longer, but I didn't have much time to add in the story so here's just a filler, wetting chapter. Eventually this story will become more than just omorashi but right now I'm giving a reason to why her bladder will be weak (due to constant strain) anyway I hope you enjoy:)

It was late at night or early morning, depending on the opinion of who you ask, when Stephanie awoke. The prickle in her urethra had startled her awake. She tried to ignore it and fall back asleep but the prickle only increased as she lay motionless. Soon she restlessly tossed and turned her eyes shutting for only moments. Her hands found their way between her crotch and panties.

Soon her legs were wrapped tightly around each other as she rolled and trembled, trying to keep her bladder’s contents within her bowels. She finally decided to risk making her way to the bathroom. She flopped out of the bed, her feet recoiling as they met the cold hardwood floor. She tried to run to the door, she tried the door only to find it locked. She pounded on it only to get know response.

She began to pace, her feet getting used to the temperature of the floor, but her bladder continuing to pain her. With no audience she shoved both hands in her crotch, forcing them against her urethra, as if to plug it. She doubled over, paced before the door, occasionally kicking at it, hoping to attract someone’s attention.

No one came. It wasn’t long before she found herself bouncing from one foot to the other. She kicked her legs backwards into nearly perfect ninety degrees angle as she shoved both hands into her sweat pants to relieve the pressure. She withdrew one to pound against the door, to no avail. She soon returned to the bed and sat on the edge, both palms pressing against her laps as she allowed her legs to bounce.

She hunched over as she felt tears begin to well up in her eyes, eventually she rose back to her feet and paced, her legs kicking backwards with each step. She felt the prickle in her bladder only increase as she circled the room. She felt a spurt escape and she froze momentarily as she clenched down on the spurt, her face scrunched up. Her bladder screamed in agony as she managed to stop the flow past the initial spurt.

She was practically dancing in place as she paced before the door, occasionally slamming her fist against the door as she felt herself grow more and more desperate. She bent her legs as she squirmed with each step, it wasn’t long before she was on the ground rolling from side to side as her bladder felt like It was filled with a thousand daggers. She rose and sat on her heels in a ball like position as she knocked on the door a couple of times before giving up on the door and just doing everything she could to keep herself from wetting.

She laid their till around nine in the morning when the butler entered her room with a tray of breakfast. His eyes widened at the sight of her in agony as she kept her bladder’s contents inside of her body. “Ms. Brown?”

“I’m going to wet myself.” She whimpered. She curled up tighter as another spurt escaped; she clenched her urethra in order to stem the spurt. It felt like an explosion of pain in her lower abdomen just to keep urine within her system.

“I’m so sorry dear… I should have checked on you during the night.” He was dumbfounded. He struggled to think. “Can you walk?” Stephanie could only nod her head. “Right this way miss.” He said with an awkward composure. Stephanie struggled to her feet and another spurt slipped into her panties, dampening the crotch of them. She crossed her legs tightly and shuffled her way after the butler.

She had to ball her fist till her knuckles turned white and curl her toes just to stand up straight, however a few feet down the hall she found herself leaning against the wall following the butler’s lead. Eventually even that became futile.

She felt a stream of urine dribble out. She froze completely, her mouth lightly agape, her eyes wide, a bright red flash of color covering her cheeks and her body double over as a thin stream of urine darkened the right inner-thigh of her sweat pants. “I can’t move without losing it!” Stephanie whined loudly. She felt her eyes began to tear up as more urine dribbled out, one drop at a time.

The butler nodded and rushed off in the opposite direction they had begun to walk and Stephanie began to whimper until someone blindfolded her from behind. A powerful spurt left a decent sized wet patch on her lap as she was hoisted in someone’s arms. She was then rushed down the hall until she was finally set down.

Her bare feet met the tile floor as another set of feet were heard leaving the room. A door shut. “You can remove the blindfold.” A deep, almost raspy voice called back. Stephanie obliged to find herself facing a toilet. The sight of it became too much, her bladder screamed for release and Stephanie’s body couldn’t deny it that any longer.

It gave out in a violent explosion of pee. She slammed the seat down, as the pee ran down her legs. Next she stripped the pants from her waist, dark patches of urine began to expand across the purple fabric, rivulets or urine falling through it straight to the floor. Next came the panties, as she yanked them down to her knees, urine continued to soak her legs and further soak her pants. Urine sprayed everywhere as she slammed her butt onto the seat and heard about three seconds of the flow hit the water before her bladder was entirely empty.

She sighed in momentarily relief before she realized what had happened. Her legs, and clothing were saturated with hot pee, a puddle rested on the floor and the toilet’s porcelain was soaked as well. Very little of her bodily fluid had even entered the toilet bowl. She began to sob as she sat on the wet seat. She finally managed to stand and toss her wet clothing into the hamper before knocking on the door. A reply resounded.

“Yes?”

“I need new clothes.”

“…Certainly, take a shower first and there will be clothes provided afterwards.”

Stephanie nodded, then realized the butler couldn’t know that. “Thanks.” She muttered before starting a shower of warm water as she began to sob again; the loss of her family hitting her, along with the humiliation of wetting herself.

*009*2012-10-02 00:50

{{: 

Great story, but I probably would've liked it more if I was familiar with Stephanie.

}}

Glad you liked it, nonetheless:)

*011*2012-10-04 21:07

{{: 

Some wetting site should actually do this story :D

}}

I would enjoy seeing that:D

*012*2012-10-15 23:25

So I know in Earning the Cowl I said Stephanie was nineteen but at the time I hadn't intended to continue the story. Now that I am I want her to have been eighteen in the events of Earning the Cowl. Now it doesn't hardly matter because I am flashing forward a year where she will be nineteen and have Bruce Wayne’s trust finally. This chapter will be her first night out as the Batgirl.

Stephanie’s eyes fluttered open. She yawned as she sat up, it took a few moments for her to register the soaking warmth around her groin area. Her face burned as she groaned. She had spent nearly every night for the past year waking up in a urine saturated bed but she still wasn't used to it. Thanks to a trust with Alfred, the butler, she had managed to keep it a secret from Bruce. She however, was unable to hide constant accidents from training all day without a bathroom break.

She ran her hands across her face, ending with gripping her hair in her hands. She sighed and finally leaped from her bed. She stripped her purple pajama bottoms from her legs, along with her panties and a purple bra. Each article of clothing now soaked from the shallow puddle that had spread across the mattress. She tossed them into her hamper before pulling off her sheets and covers and adding them to the hamper as well.

She drew a violet robe from her wardrobe, pulled it over her bare body and gathered a change of clothes before venturing towards the bathroom. Of course along her way she ran across Dick, or Nightwing. She blushed and glanced away as she passed him, it felt odd being virtually naked. Of course he only just took note of her. A year of living in the same house and he has yet to make any sort of move on her. And there she was thinking only boys got friend-zoned.

Another turn and she found herself face to face with Tim. “Hey Steph, what’s under that robe?” He smirked reaching to pull it apart. Stephanie swatted his hand away.

“Nothing you need to see.”

On the other hand, Tim had quickly discovered his lust for the beautiful Stephanie Brown. Though he often displayed it with constant quibbling’s or blunt, crude flirting.

“On the contrary, I feel very intrigued by what may be beneath there.” He laughed, but made no move to try for a glimpse.

“Sorry Timmy, but you are bit too young.” Stephanie patted him on the head.

“I’m fourteen.” He said rolling his eyes.

“and I am nineteen, too, old, for, youuu” She sang in a teasing matter. She made sure there was an extra sway to her hip as she passed Tim, deliberately making her walk as slow and seductive as possible. Tim reached for the hem of the robe and tossed it up in the air. Thankfully the toss stopped short of her butt, only revealing her long, silky legs.

Stephanie swung her leg back, her heel connecting with his shin, hard! “Hey!” He yelped, but she continued walking to the bathroom. She gave him a seductive gaze before disappearing into the bathroom with a fit of laughter.

Tim had become like a brother to her, though most brother’s didn’t try to check out their sister’s pubic area. She rolled her eyes as she let the robe drop, revealing her gorgeous, lithe body before entering the shower and tossing the clothes aside. She started the water and relaxed as she changed the water to the perfect temperature.

She sighed in content as she began to scrub herself clean. She let the remnants of her urine flow out freely before scrubbing her legs, and pubic area clean. She finished her shower with vanilla shampoo being washed from her golden locks.

Stephanie finally emerged from the shower and began to wipe herself dry with a towel. When she was certain her body was dry she slipped on new clothing: black yoga tights, a purple v-neck t-shirt and underneath was matching black and purple zebra print bra and panties. She then slipped on uggs boots and headed towards the dining room.

Stephanie entered the training room, fourteen hours later, to find Bruce waiting for her, dressed in jeans and a black t-shirt that showed off his muscles. She approached him slowly, typically this time was reserved for sparring time between her and Dick. Nevertheless she smiled as she made her way to Bruce.

“Hey Bruce, what’s up?” Stephanie asked, leaning against a balance beam.

“Come to the batcave with me.” He said, his tone indifferent.

“Uh… Ok.” She agreed and followed her mentor through a series of hallways till they arrived at a grandfather clock. Bruce moved it aside, revealing a secret tunnel. Stephanie followed him, making sure to close the passage way behind them.

As they descended down a flight of metallic stairs overhead lights began to illuminate a vast chamber filled with large metallic platforms, intertwining catwalks connecting them. Stephanie was always fascinated by the souvenirs that filled the bat cave, specifically a large robotic T-Rex in the distance. The two, however, moved directly towards the center platform which housed a large super computer and a series of glass cylinders, lining either side of the computer, each containing a costume.

One side was dedicated to fallen or retired members of the bat family. In them lied, Dick Grayson’s original Robin costume, then Barbra Gordon’s silver bat girl suit, then Jason Todd’s suit and finally… Stephanie’s Spoiler costume. Her eyes flit over to the other cylinders, the bat suit, Nightwing suit, Robin suit and… a new bat girl suit.

“It’s yours.” Bruce said, noticing Stephanie admire the beautiful costume.

“I’m… the new batgirl?” Stephanie asked, in awe.

“Yes,” Bruce smiled. “And you got a mission already.”

“great!” Stephanie said opening the cylinder and retrieving the suit. She dashed off the change in the dressing room. She examined the fabric, it felt like spandex, though the torso and groin area was three times as thick as denim. The limbs were skin-tight spandex however, the zipper was hidden in the seam, which she quickly discovered as she tried to climb into the suit, a little more difficult than she expected, however once she donned the outfit she found it as comfortable as her own skin.

She found it just as flexible as well. She then pulled on her boots and gloves, and her cowl which covered her nose and above only. Her long golden hair was free to cascade behind her. She grinned as she reentered the batcave, spun on the toe of her left foot and stuck her arms in the air. “Ta-da! Watcha think?”

“It looks great.” Bruce chuckled. “Now get out to town, Harley Quinn has been spotted at the Gotham Green house.”

“Got it.” Stephanie said rushing to the bat-mobile.

Bruce caught her by the shoulder. “Not so fast. That’s my ride.” He turned her so she was facing a street sport motorcycle, with purple shiny paint. “That one is yours.” Stephanie gave Bruce a quick embrace before racing over to her ride. She mounted the cycle, started the engine and raced off through a zeta portal to down town Gotham.

She raced her purple bike across the dark streets of Gotham as she made her way to the green house. “Why would Harley be at the green house?” Stephanie briefly wondered as her cycle pulled up into the parking lot of her destination. She pressed a button on her bike, preparing its security function as she leaped off and head for the entrance of the green house.

She kicked in the glass door and tore through the hallways as fast as her legs would carry her. She slowed to halt as a sudden prickle in her urethra drew an involuntary blush across her cheeks as she pressed her hand against the crotch as best she could through the Kevlar/spandex alloy that spread across her torso and groin, forming a perfect body suit that connected to the sleeves and pants of her suit.

She quickly took notice of heavy footsteps racing towards from further down the dim hallway. She heard the man’s voice before she saw him. “Kill, kill, kill, kill.” He said repeatedly in a low, raspy voice. He was finally visible when he came ten yards from her. He was dressed in a grey security guard outfit that was torn in several places. He had a square jaw, short brown hair and hazy grey eyes. The most noticeable thing about him; however, was the crimson petals of a large flower that seemed to have enveloped the back of his head.

He withdrew a cattle prod that he swung in Stephanie’s direction. She simply dodged the swipe and sprung forward, her hand vaulted off of his skull sending him stumbling away. She withdrew a collapsible dull-batarng and sent it slamming into his skull. He collapsed to the ground, unconscious. A wire with a magnet attached to the end of it shot out of Stephanie’s gauntlet and caught hold of the batarang. It drew it in and she replaced it into her utility belt.

Not that she need to, thanks to void technology her belt could house hundreds of the useful tool. She didn’t ponder on the thought for long, and quickly took off in a sprint once more. Now that she was aware of the fact she hadn’t used the bathroom throughout the day, she wanted to speed up the mission.

Her hopes were in vain, as two more henchmen with flower hats appeared before her. Each carried the same super charged cattle prod as the previous one. She groaned as she matched there speed and raced in their direction. A few feet from them she slid, her right leg knocking one off balance. One he was on the ground she used the magnet wire to obtain the cattle prod. She stunned him in the back and quickly subdued him.

She turned to face the other one. He was still chanting, “kill, kill, kill, kill.” as he swiped his prod in her direction. Stephanie parried the swipe only to have the prod snap in half. An explosion of sparks caused her to yank her hand backwards. He swiped again and she did a backwards hand spring that not only helped her dodge the blow, but her foot kicked the prod from his hand.

“Kill, kill, kill.” He chanted as he charged her once more, this time weaponless. She didn't wait for him to make the first move and preformed a cyclone kick to his chest. He gasped, momentarily breaking his chant as he fell back. However, he was on his feet in seconds swinging his arms wildly Stephanie danced backwards to avoid his clumsy flurry before catching his fist and flipping him to the ground. She broke his arm and slammed his head to the ground.

As soon as she was sure he was unconscious she started down the hall only to find another security guard. This one, however, had no flower capping his skull. “You got to help me Batma- Uh, whatever. They just broke in and-“ He didn’t get a chance to finish since a vine, with a red flower that had a black spike protruding from between the petals, snaked up behind him and buried the spike in his skull. The stem broke off from the head of the flower.

His face grew dreamy as he began to pick up the chant of the other henchmen. “Kill, kill, kill.” Stephanie groaned and withdrew a batarang and simply bashed it into his head and sent him to the ground. She crossed her legs as another sudden wave of desperation hit her. Had she not glanced down to clutch her crotch she wouldn’t have seen the vines begin to circle her. It was too late to react and the wrapped around her body, her hands latched to her sides.

She tried to struggle, but it was like fighting against a boa constrictor and only succeeded in a tighter grip, which was agony on her bladder. Her legs wrapped around each other with almost as much power as the vine that had begun lifting her in the air and pulling her down the hall. Her legs trembled and she swung them as much as possible to keep her bladder’s contents within herself. As she descended down the dark halls she was absolutely desperate.

She found herself squinting as she was taken into the main greenery room. The vines released her and she fell to her knees and quickly clutched her crotch to keep a hold of her bladder, although a spurt released itself into her panties. She managed to stem the flow and rose to her feet awkwardly. Of course, her lousy entrance was instantly shown up.

Two figures entered from the shadows of the heavy foliage. Ivy and Harley strut in side by side with enough sway to their hips, that their walk alone could seduce a man. Their beautiful bodies were just icing on the cake. Harley still kept her slender yet toned body, fair skin, porcelain face, same black mascara that formed a yin symbol around one eye and a yang one around the other. She wore skin-tight black leather pants that made the typical leather brushing against it self sound. A black leather jacket that must have been expensive since it was silent, and red sports bra. Her belly button was pierced with three red diamonds that formed the three of diamond symbol.

Ivy had crimson red hair that fell in a series of curls, her face was just as gorgeous, if not more, than Harley’s. It was more defined for one, with a beauty mark above the left of her upper lip. A black leather jacket draped itself around her shoulders. Her fingernails were painted a shiny green and a green bikini covered her torso and nothing else. Her groin was covered by a green thong. Otherwise her body was bare.

Stephanie instantly felt self-conscious about her slender body compared to the two, fuller bodies standing before her. That was the least of her worries however. She needed to defeat Harley and the super villain Poison Ivy, while catering to a full bladder. Stephanie reached for a batarang only to have a vine grasp her wrist and suspend her from the air. The sudden shake sent a spasm to her bladder and a light trickle of urine filled her panties. The vine twisted and it released her hand from the gauntlet. Another vine caught her before she hit the ground doing the same, raising her higher before releasing the gauntlet.

Her foot was instantly captured by another vine and she was suspended upside down sending a two second spurt that over filled her panties and trickled down her stomach. As she fell again she lost a boot and another vine took her other boot off. A final vine caught her by her utility belt and released the claspe and she found herself crashing to the ground without a single weapon or tool beside her bare hands and her cowl, which only contained a sonar eavesdropping device and a satellite connection to the Oracle, AKA Barbra Gordon.

She sat up only to have a flash of blinding pain scream through her skull as Harley smashed her mallet into Stephanie’s skull. A high pitch screech filled her ears as the satellite connection died out. Her eyes watered as she resisted the pull of unconsciousness. She tried to push herself to her feet but a blow to the gut sent her rolling onto her back as well as evacuated her bladder. There was a loud hiss of hot pee began to spray into her suit, the fabric that covered her torso didn't soak up much and a darker glistening patch began to form around her crotch before urine seeped out and pooled on the grass beneath her.

The flow began to fill the legs of her suit and caused the spandex glisten with wetness. Her body trembled as it forced the flow of urine out. Her legs were saturated with warm pee while the puddle expanded around her, soaking her back and butt as well. Her face burned bright red as she did nothing to resist. Finally the stream died out and Harley commented on Stephanie’s predicament.

“Oh Ivy, doesn't the smell of pee just bring back memories.” She rolled her eyes at her own mock tone of glee. “We were looking for Bat-brains actually. But you will do fine. An eye for an eye. B-man took my lover, I’ll take his.” Her voice became more frank.

“I’m not Batman’s love-“ Ivy didn't let her finish as a thorny vine wrapped around her body, slicing open the suit in parts and drew a few small streams of blood before throwing her through the air. Stephanie crashed into the glass lining the greenery and fell to the ground in a slump. She tried to push herself to her feet but another swing from Harley’s mallet caused her to collapse once more. Through tears her eyes found her utility belt next to her gloves and boots.

“I like your shade of nail polish.” Harley commented on her shiny purple toenails and finger nails. “Maybe if you tell me where you got it I will kill you faster.”

Stephanie curled her toes as she tried to rise to her feet. A vine gripped her by her waist and flung her to the ground. She rolled into the middle of the field about twenty feet from her supplies. She couldn't make it obvious where she was trying to get too and tried to drag herself to Harley, seeming weaker than she actually was. A vine flicked her to the side by her ankle. Perfect, minus the pain, she was within reach of her stuff.

“Harley, why hasn't Ivy just helped you break the Joker out?” Stephanie called.

“Because… of…” Harley furrowed her brow. “Why haven’t you Ivy?” Harley said turning to her red-head ally.

“We don’t need the clown on our side Harley. Aren’t I enough?”

“Perfect.” Stephanie whispered as they grew distracted by each other she rolled over and put on her gauntlets before grabbing her utility belt. Ivy must have seen her move because a vine wrapped around her angles and drew her forward. Harley came up on her and reached for the belt. Big mistake.

Several volts of electricity transferred from the belt to Harley shocking her to unconsciousness. Ivy whipped the belt from Stephanie’s grasp with another vine before approaching her.

Stephanie expected a swipe or blow but instead Harley blew pheromones into Stephanie’s face. Suddenly it was if she was in heat. Her crotch grew wetter as her eyes implored Ivy. Her head moved unconsciously to kiss her. “No!” Stephanie thought. “Ivy’s lethal to the touch.” It was a battle of wills but finally Stephanie managed to swing backwards. She swung back forward, pushing off the shoulders of Ivy’s jacket to swing back and grab the vine. She sliced it with the spikes on her gauntlet and she fell to her bare feet. She did several flips and cartwheels to get herself back to her belt. She quickly wrapped it around her waist, reclasped it and flung an explosive batarang between Ivy’s feet.

Stephanie jumped to her boots and replaced them on her feet as the explosive power of her batarang sent Ivy crashing to the ground in a slump next to Harley. Stephanie raced over to them and handcuffed the both of them and dangled them by their cuffs three feet above the ground. Stephanie sent a grapple gun hook to the nearest building and she was sent flying out of the green house. She released the hook early and she landed in the parking lot of the green house as rain began to pour down around her.

She grinned despite herself. She had succeeded in her first mission.

I hope you enjoyed this post. Leave comments, criticism and general feedback below. (diclaimer: I do not own that picture)

*014*2012-10-16 02:30

{{: 

Great story as always.

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it.

*015*2012-10-29 00:33

I know this story basically just began but I have to put it on a hiatus for a year. I enjoy writing it but I have way to many conflicts to finish this before winter break. I'd rather just start up my winter line-up now. Thanks for understanding, hope to see you all next summer/fall season for the continuation of this as well as the spider-man story and the super girl story as well.

