Daniel and Amy - Page 34

Author: Barry

*827*2017-08-11 13:58

Chapter 31:

As it turned out, Dan hadn't needed to hurry. His home room teacher, Father Brandon, looking decidedly different as he was now dressed in shorts and a windcheater, and without his regular priestly dog-collar around his neck, had forgotten the keys to the bike shed, and had jogged back to get them, leaving the group of twenty boys under the control of Mr Davies, the substitute teacher with whom Dan had crossed paths with earlier, before the teacher knew about his medical history. But after the rocky start, Dan had grown to quite like the man, who always had something interesting to teach them in class.

The boys stood or sat around in small groups, chatting excitedly about how cool the bike riding bit was going to be. Some boys disappeared behind the bike shed to pee in the bushes, and Dan regretted his choice of using the toilet in the cabin, as it would've been nice to stand and pee with the other boys without the pressure of having his diaper spotted. He reminded himself to make sure he took full advantage of his undiapered state to sneak an outdoor pee in later, when the water he kept drinking started filtering through his little bladder.

He was shaken from his private pee-related daydream by a sarcastic sounding cheer, and smiled as he realised that the boys were good naturedly teasing a red faced Father Brandon who was huffing and puffing as he dramatically exaggerated his exhaustion as he slowly jogged back, smiling ruefully as he held the shed keys aloft as he shuffled towards them. Even Mr Davies joined in, applauding the puffing priest with a slow clap. A couple of minutes later, and the boys were jostling for possession of the best bikes. There wasn't much to choose from, as they were basically all the same, just in a couple of different sizes with varying seat and handlebar settings. A collective groan was issued when the kids were instructed about the compulsory wearing of helmets, but nobody wanted to make too much of a scene, and end up perhaps being left behind as punishment. A quick head count was taken, and the group set off.

The ride itself was fairly easy. It was basically flat, except for the final part, where they circled around the back of a small hill situated behind the camp, and headed along the dirt path towards the top. Most of the boys had to dismount and push their bikes, but a select handful, including Mr Davies, stood up on the pedals and kept riding, racing amongst themselves to see who could make it to the top. One by one the boys dropped off, and in the finish only three boys made it all the way to the top. Dan was surprised, but pleased, to see little Aiden, the bed wetter, was one of the few to actually make it. He was beaming and laughing as the other boys all gave him a high five as they slowly made their way onto the crest, collapsing onto the grass for a much needed rest and to drink deeply from their water bottles.

It had been a hard slog to get to the top, but the panoramic view that the hill provided was worth it, and the kids were especially enthralled to see a small mob of kangaroos hopping around in the paddock below. It was a definite highlight of the trip so far.

"Mr Davies," a boy named Toby asked, "Some of the other kids got to go swimming in the creek yesterday, you know, after their bike ride?" He indicated towards a wide part of the creek spread out into a deeper pool, with conveniently open grassy banks gently sloping toward it. "What about it? Are you going to take us swimming too? Please sir?"

"Gee whiz Toby! Don't you kids feel the cold? That river water is going to be like ice," the teacher informed him with a smile.

"So?" Toby replied with a cheeky grin. "We're gonna be all hot and sweaty after this, and it'd be rad! Besides, I reckon only old people feel the cold. But, if you think it's cold....."

Toby ducked away, laughing, as the teacher threw his water bottle at him. "You cheeky young bugger," Mr Davies said with a chuckle. "I'll make a deal with you. I'll take you guys to the swimming hole, but you're going first, and all the way in. If a Toby shaped ice cube floats up, then I reserve the right not to go in! What do you say boys? You want to go for a swim?"

All the boys responded with a raucous cheer, and Father Brandon was shaking his head vigorously, making sure that everybody present was under no illusion about his desire to join them in the creek.

After everyone had recovered from their climb, be it on foot or on bike, the fun part of the ride ensued. The trail led down the other side, a wide, smooth dirt path that featured a couple of small undulations that you could make little jumps off, leading into a big sweeping corner and then a big grassy area that would eventually lead to the swimming hole, if they turned right. This was the most nerve wracking part of the ride for the teachers, as the potential for injury was probably the highest here than for any other activity, but the boys needed exercise and adventures, and they weren't going to wrap them up in cotton wool. A brief warning about being careful and not showing off was issued, but nobody really believed that it was at all effective as a motivational tool for safety.

With some loud whooping and cheering, the screaming horde took off, going individually ten seconds apart, cheering on their mates as they bounced and skidded down the hill. Dan went fifth, and it was about halfway down when he became extremely glad that for once, he wasn't wearing a diaper.

He negotiated the "jumps" with ease. In truth, it was a fairly easy ride, just bumpy enough to make it difficult enough to be fun. As he went over a slight dip, he tried to show off a bit, and hung his backside off the rear of the seat, sliding his weight back, and tilting the front wheel up a bit. It was something he did all the time on his BMX. The mountain bike was a bit bigger, and he had to lean back a bit more, and stick his butt out slightly further to clear the seat, but it was second nature to a teenage boy, and he managed it with ease.

Its a pity his shorts didn't though.

His fairly skinny fitting, knee length camouflaged shorts, which were being worn a bit looser than usual, as there wasn't a diaper inside them to either pad them out, or try to keep hitched up because of it, had sagged down quite a bit, and as Danny leaned back, there was a loud ripping sound, and he felt a breeze on his behind.

Skidding to a stop at the bottom, he was quick to reach behind himself and confirm what he already knew had happened. He'd split his pants, and badly. The seam had torn from nearly the top, all the way down the middle. Not only that, it felt like his satin boxer shorts had torn as well! As he swivelled around to try and see, he inadvertently swung his back to his school mates, and they immediately started guffawing with laughter when they saw Dans bare arse cheeks partly visible through two layers of torn, flapping cloth. Approximately every ten seconds, another kid would arrive, see everyone, including Dan almost helpless with laughter, then see the cause of it, and join in. Even the teachers chuckled, but only when seeing Dan wasn't actually being teased, and was laughing along just as much as they were.

Of course many jokes were made about what the state of Dans bike seat would be like when they got back, and suggestions about perhaps just burning it were tossed around, but the grownups wouldn't let the good natured laughing take too much of a nasty twist, and reigned the boys in on their humour.

What nobody actually realised, was why Dan was laughing so easily about it. The thing was, he lived in almost constant fear about someday being exposed, of some type of wardrobe malfunction just like this, even worse perhaps, where he'd somehow lose his pants and be left standing with his diaper on display to the whole wide world. And now, it had finally happened, but on the first day in a long time, where he wasn't actually wearing a diaper! He couldn't really care less if he flashed occasional glimpses of bare skin from the rip in his pants, much better than displaying white plastic backed padded incontinent pants, or perhaps even worse, a camouflage Goodnight to match his shorts.

He was happy because he really felt like he'd dodged a bullet. Anyone can suffer the indignity of ripped pants, and it was great to be able to almost enjoy the experience of just being as embarrassed as a "normal" kid would be, and not a diapered freak. Strong words perhaps, but that's how he felt sometimes, especially around other boys his own age, you know, healthy, "normal" boys.

Of course the joke didn't go on forever, and by the time they were locking the bikes away again, they had mostly moved on to other things to tease each other about.

"Alright men," Mr Davies said, clapping his hands for emphasis to draw the attention of the kids. "I know I'm probably going to regret this, but who wants a swim?"

20 boys cheered and jumped at the same time with obvious excitement.

"Father Brandon, any excursion requires two guardians, will you do us the honour of accompanying us?" Mr Davey was grinning at the way the priest blanched, obviously not keen on the idea of swimming in a cold creek on what was only a mild, autumn day.

"I'll be more than happy to help you chaperone, Davies," the priest responded with a sardonic grin, "but there's no way in hell youre getting me in the damn water! Someone sensible needs to stay out, you know, to send for help when you manage to freeze 20 of our brightest pupils. Mind you, they can't be that bright if they want to swim in the river today. Of course I'll come, wouldn't miss a mass freezing for anything!"

The boys cheered, pleased to know that with two chaperones organised, it could actually happen. The cheering was soon muted when the lay teacher addressed the solemnly.

"Go get changed boys. Back here in ten minutes, wearing shoes, with a change of dry clothes and a towel. Drink bottles and your worksheets are the only other things to bring. No phones or cameras. I have a list of every student who has not been given parental consent towards swimming, and if your names going to appear on that list, please don't waste your time or mine be showing up here. I will check names. GO! SCOOT!" He motioned for them to scatter with a shooing gesture of his hands.

"Yes sir! Thank you sir! Awesome sir," rang out, and the kids hurried back towards their dorms, with a couple pausing long enough to rib Danny once more about finally getting to change his pants. While that sort of thing may have left some kids feeling a bit alienated, it had the completely opposite effect on Dan. Simply because he could be teased good naturedly, in a light hearted, jokey format, and not picked on or made fun of, or teased meanly, actually made him feel a lot more accepted by the other kids, kids that he normally didn't hang with.

Perhaps old Father Ryan had been right all along. Maybe camp was a good place to make new friends. As he followed Matt back to the cabin at a brisk jog, he realised just how much he was enjoying his trip. So far the whole camp experience had been great!

So far.

*828*2017-08-11 14:32

Also, I've completed my revision, and now have an accurate time line.

I will be actually working out real time datelines to match, but I think around early-mid May is about right.

For the record Dan is on a Tuesday, and the previous Saturday, 3 days prior, was his and Amy's 8 week anniversary. I think his dad is due back again week after next. We've known Nikki for 7 weeks.

Ive only found one glaring plot mistake. When Dan was telling Sue about Scott wetting the bed, I said Scott used Molicares as well, then somehow I screwed up, and had him in nothing but Goodnights.

Imma jus' gonna forget that ever happened.....

If anyone has any questions about the timeframe or any relevant details, please feel free to ask away.

If you haven't read "Tori's Story," have a look at that. It has similar themes with diapers, but is more adult-age-regression based.

Its nearly finished. Promise......

But then I gotta finally finish Gemma. But I will.

Thanks again to everyone who takes the time to encourage and write comments.

*832*2017-08-13 13:19

Chapter 32:

"What do you s'pose the guys are doin'?" Matt asked, as the boys burst through the door of their cabin, laughing and slightly out of breath.

"Dunno," Dan replied. "Probably another stupid hike."

As they pondered the possibilities, they pulled swimming clothes and towels from their bags, and turned away from each other as they stripped off. Dan almost enjoyed the slightly embarrassing ritual, as it wasn't often that he actually could openly change his clothes around other kids. Deciding against wearing any underwear, Dan dressed himself in his bright orange knee length board shorts, and wrapped a spare t-shirt in his towel.

"I'm not going to a change of pants," Matt declared. "Can't see us getting undressed in front of the teachers at the river. I'm just gonna take a dry top."

Dan agreed that made sense, and after pausing to fill their water bottles up, drink half of them, then refill them again, and grab their work folders, they hurried back out the door throwing their towels around their necks.

He paused briefly as Matt was shutting the door. It had occurred to him that he wasn't diapered, and he really should probably have a pee before they headed out. But he just didn't feel the need for it. His heart rate was still up from their run back to the cabin, and thirst had been the only signal that his body was sending him, and he'd managed to take care of that with a generous gulping of cold water just now. Danny knew that even though he didn't really NEED to go, he probably should try, just in case, especially since he was unprotected. He almost went back in, but two thoughts stopped him.

First, the memory of the other boys standing around together, peeing in the bushes and laughing with one another. He had wanted to do that himself, and figured that he would make sure he did it later. Just another thing that "normal" boys got to do, that he didn't do much anymore. Besides, they were going swimming! He'd definitely be peeing in the river!

The second reason he decided not to pee at the cabin first, was Matt. They seemed to be getting on really well so far, Matt appeared to be comfortable around him, and Dan was making a supreme effort to not make a big deal about anything toilet or diaper related. Matt hadn't even mentioned the Goodnight that Dan had given him, and Dan was trying his best to avoid any sort of pee related topic. They were in a hurry to leave, and if he delayed their departure because he needed a "potty break," it would merely throw his condition back into the spotlight once more.

Anyway, he didn't even really need to go. So when Matt leaped dramatically from the top step and took off with a quick jog, Danny only said "Oi! Wait for me," before taking off after him. They'd be swimming in the creek in fifteen minutes. He'd pee then.

To be continued.

Sorry about the piss ant little bits like this! This is how I would normally write, but could log out, and come back to it saved so I could just continue.

Now I can only "publish" what I've written when I've had enough, or stay logged in overnight, all day tomorrow, until the evening when I can continue.

*834*2017-08-17 14:14

Chapter 32 continued:

About half of their group was already waiting for them, along with Father Brandon. Somebody produced a tennis ball, and soon two groups had formed, and they were kicking it back and forth using it as a substitute football. Other boys filtered back into the group, usually in pairs or more, and soon a cheer went up, as Mr Davies appeared, looking resplendent in denim cut offs and a singlet, and carrying the obligatory small, but well equipped First Aid Box. He wasted no time in singling Toby out from the crowd, and reminding him that it was up to him to be the first one in.

"Head and all," the teacher said with a grin, "then perhaps I might go in."

The boys didn't know that it was actually school policy to have a teacher in the water with them at all times if they were swimming, so they started putting pressure on Toby to follow through with his bold claim of going first. Toby only laughed, again insisting that he would definitely go through with it. It didnt take long for all the boys to return, and after struggling to get them to stand still long enough to perform a head count, they set off. Before the trip, every boy had produced a permission slip allowing them to go swimming, so the whole squad of twenty started the hike back to the creek.

As they walked, finally at a more sedate pace, Dan finally managed to cool down a bit, and regain his breath. But as his heart rate returned to normal, he became aware of a slight, but steadily growing urge to pee.

Boys, being boys, find it hard to just follow the track in a straight line, and soon a game of follow-the-leader broke out, with the kids burning off their excess energy by deliberately trying to make the trip more difficult. They swung from branches, ran around trees, and clambered over rocks, while the teachers followed the more sedate option of staying on the relatively flat, but sloping path. It was when Dan followed Toby along a fallen tree that jutted up in the air a bit, requiring a jump of about four feet to get down, that he first became aware of it. Toby jumped, landed, then tucked and rolled, and Dan, secretly playing at being a soldier in his own mind, decided to follow suit, deciding that a commando roll would be a piece of cake for a brave little soldier, such as himself.

He leaped, landed, and rolled along the grass, laughing the whole time, but stopped laughing as he felt his bladder start to loosen. His need to relieve himself wasn't exactly huge, as a matter of fact he had only just suddenly became aware of it, as he hit the ground and tumbled. He wasn't in The Danger Zone until then, but as he rolled and laughed, he felt his bladder muscles loosen a bit, and he gripped his dick as slyly as he could, forcing himself to trust his fingers, that weren't detecting any wetness, and he didn't look down.

But the need that he hadn't felt moments ago was suddenly there, and he had a mental picture of his bladder as a manual gearbox, like the one in his dad's truck, and he was sure it had just changed from first to second gear. Still, he wasn't tooooo worried. If his bladder was a 5-speed, The Danger Zone wouldn't happen until he hit third, and he could even maintain control for a short time in fourth, but fifth gear, well, that's when the gearbox would blow a seal and start spraying its fluid everywhere.

As they walked on, he surreptitiously squeezed his penis again, surprised at how it felt when he touched himself through his thin shorts, without the usual padded barrier in the way of his hand, or even any underwear. It certainly felt great, or "liberating," as Amy had explained to him when she had told him about how she liked being un-diapered around the pool whilst in the safety of her own backyard, and he could feel it, but this wasn't a safe, private yard, and he was surrounded by people. As "liberating" as it might feel, he would gladly swap that feeling for the comfort and security of a diaper if an accident was to occur.

But thankfully, that shouldn't be an issue. The path was widening out already, and the open, grassy banks were coming into view, and their destination was literally only a couple of minutes away. No doubt he'd be safely swimming within ten minutes, and even if it was freezing cold, at least he'd be able to pee in the water without anyone knowing. Dan tried to keep up with the game, but casually let himself slip to the back of the line, and he breathed a small sigh of relief when the trees thinned out on both sides of their group, and they had no more obstacles to clamber over.

As they descended towards the creek, some more details emerged, showing them things that they hadn't been able to see clearly from the top of the hill earlier. Tucked away behind some bushes, shielding it from view, was a couple of long benches, one behind the other. They were basically rough hand hewn fallen logs, squared off at the top to form two rows of seats. The boys cast curious glances at one another as the teachers motioned for them to sit there, making two rows of ten boys each.

"Life lesson boys," Father Brandon said with a grin, glancing at Mr Davies, who gave him a thumbs up.

"Nothing in life is ever easy. If you want rewards, you're gonna have to work for them. Rewards, like say, swimming perhaps?"

Twenty adolescent male voices resounded in a large group groan. They could see exactly where this was heading.

"Uh-uh-uh gentlemen," the Priest chided, wagging a finger dramatically at them. "Don't complain now. Mr Davies and I, together, we think if you should want the reward of swimming in this beautiful, fresh, COLD, creek, you should have to pass a test first! A test like, say, THIS!" and he clapped his hands theatrically, as the lay teacher strode over, producing a plastic sheaf full of printed papers with an energetic flourish.

"A quick test, gentlemen! Twenty easy questions, that you should get right, IF, you have been paying attention to what you've been doing these past two days! Pencils out boys! Whaddya say, Father Brandon? Let's make 19 correct answers a pass mark? 19 from all of them to be allowed a refreshing swim?"

Again, the boys protested by groaning.

"Too harsh Mr Davies, too harsh," the priest argued, causing the kids to sit upright at once.

"I think 18 is more than enough!"

They boys slumped back down again, readying their folders and pencils for the worksheets the teachers were passing around.

"Argh geez, Mr Davies, I've broken my pencil," a boy called Sam ventured carefully, but with a grin, hopeful for a reprieve.

"Thankfully I have spares! Nice try though, Sam," Mr Davies said quickly, producing one quickly and holding it directly in front of the boys nose. Sam accepted it with a chuckle, knowing he was defeated.

While all this supposedly humorous by-play was happening, Dan was nervously chewing on the lid of his water bottle. Thirsty, he'd started drinking it as soon as he'd sat down , before suddenly thinking to himself that he probably shouldn't drink any more as his need to urinate was starting to accelerate, especially since he had taken his seat. His feet wanted to jiggle, and he had to force himself to keep his legs still. He crossed his knees, trying to look casual, as if he was using the crook of his knee to hold his folder in place, as he examined his new work sheet without really reading it. It appeared easy enough, basically covering stuff they'd learned about during their so far brief stay. The names of some local flora and fauna, names of the cabins in the village, questions about the activities they'd done, things like that.

"Go gentlemen! Ten minutes, and yes, you can confer with each other. Consider it a team building exercise! Everyone gets at least 18, or none of you go swimming! Better help each other.... "

The boys started chattering away frantically, shouting answers, disagreeing, asking questions, and seeming to panic, but, somehow, through the chaos, they managed to get a system going where they could ask questions or disagree without too much kerfuffle, and they steadily managed to fill in their sheets.

Danny didn't contribute much to the group debate. His bladder kicking itself firmly into third gear, Danger Zone Gear, and he only really spoke when someone asked him for a direct answer or opinion. Thankfully, he knew most of the answers, and was able to pick out most of the others from the other boys, with his biggest concern being the correct spelling of a particularly difficult sounding Aboriginal word that the creeks name was originally derived from.

He had his left ankle over his right knee, and now his sneaker was shaking, but he ignored it. He slid his left hand underneath his folder, and kept squeezing his boyhood from time to time, silently praying that he wouldn't suddenly touch wet cloth.

If that was to happen, he decided that he would just quickly jump up and run, leaping straight off the bank into the creek. Yes, he'd probably get suspended, but on the other hand it would ensure his status as "legendary" amongst his peers, which was certainly a damn sight better than being known as a pants wetter.

He already knew how that felt.

He sighed, snapping from his daydream. No, he knew that he would never just run into the river. He'd chicken out, stay seated, and wet his pants like a big baby. He just didnt have the balls to disobey the teachers so flagrantly. He shifted subtly in his seat, another answer being called out brought him back to reality again, and he filled in the last vacant space.

"Time gentlemen! Times up! Stop writing!" Mr Davies yelled, and everyone fell silent. "Swap sheets between rows boys, pass them forward and back," and the kids complied. Dan was glad of the instructions, as he was able to perform a major shifting about in his seat, and cross his legs the other way as he passed his sheet to Sam, and took his in return.

Father Brandon produced an answer sheet, and proceeded to call out the right ones, making the boys mark off each others work. Fifteen of the answers were really very easy, and the group consensus had triumphed, but the last five were harder.

Dan, and more than half the kids had gotten the seemingly mile-long Aboriginal word wrong, and many more got the names of the camp buildings wrong as well, but by the time they'd finished, only three boys had fallen under the mark of 18, two getting 17, and the other 16.

The teachers made a big show about deliberating amongst themselves as if it was enough to maybe, perhaps, bend the rules, just this once, and the kids immediately relaxed and started smiling, knowing that it was just a big charade by now, and they would actually be allowed to swim.

Dan himself was almost past the point of caring. He just needed to pee oh-so-badly, even if it was just behind where they were sitting, into the bushes. He could feel his bladder trying to engage fourth gear, and that would be bad. By now, he didn't give a stuff if he never went swimming again, he just wanted to piss.

The problem was, the teachers were apparently enjoying stringing the kids along, and he couldn't very well interrupt what was supposed to be a serious discussion, although it was obviously only window dressing, with a request to pee on the grass where they were seated. Plus, what would the other boys think? They'd be stirring him up about how desperate he must've been for months! Not to mention what would happen if he wet himself upon standing up again, even just a little bit, which he knew was a distinct possibility. It was why he usually wore at least a Goodnight, as getting sudden leakage when changing positions was an all too common occurrence for the young man.

If he DID interrupt his teachers, every eye would turn on him as he stood up, and if a leak was to occur then.......

No. Much better to wait to be dismissed, as would surely happen shortly. Once they were excused from their seats, whether or not it was to swim or go back was irrelevant, he would pee in the bushes. Hell, the other boys might even join him! The teachers certainly wouldn't punish him, as they knew all about his dodgy bladder, so it would all be alright. As soon as they got up.

Dan was really wishing that he'd put a pair of briefs on. He kept trying to discreetly position his willie so that it was pointing down his leg, but, bouncing around completely unconfined within his baggy shorts, it had a mind of its own. It wouldn't stay in the same spot, and even threatened to go hard for him once, as he tried to adjust it. The combination of a full bladder, and the inbuilt pleasure he got when holding, even in bad situations like this, along with the stimulation from his hand, kept making his dick go through various stages of semi-hardness, causing it to twitch and move, and he was praying he wouldn't get a full blown erection. That would be bad in these baggy shorts.

It didn't take long for the teachers to abandon their farce, and announce magnanimously that they would be allowed to swim. Dan could've quite happily strangled Sam when he put up his hand to ask a question, delaying their excusal for a moment longer. After the priest acknowledged him, Sam stood up and asked his question, complete with a sly grin.

"Sir, you already had those work sheets printed, didn't you? You was going to give them to us whether we went swimming or not, weren't you? It had nothing to do with us earning it!"

"Touché!" Father Brandon laughed heartily. "You're right, Sammy, but it made you lot try a bit harder, didn't it?" And the boys laughed with him, even Dan, although more carefully.

"All right boys," said Mr Davies, "and you especially, young Toby! Get your backsides down to the water, and we'll get this over with. I'm getting bloody cold just standing here!" The boys laughed at his mild profanity.

They jumped up, almost as one, all except for Dan, who chose to remain seated. His undersized bladders engine was really revving now, and fifth gear, the overdrive, was about to kick in. He didn't want to get up until he absolutely had too, and then he was going to run straight towards the bushes behind him.

The other boys were cheering wildly for Toby, their new hero, who ripped off his t-shirt defiantly, exposing a thin, hairless torso on which you could see his ribs, but it didn't stop him from jumping onto the bench, and bending his stick thin arms downwards and inwards, affecting a body builder pose and growling at the teachers like a monster.

Toby leaped from the bench, and took off running straight towards the bank, with most of the other kids trailing behind, laughing and calling out encouragement, while the teachers started running as well, threatening him with all manner of punishments if he dared to jump off the bank without first checking the water level, as they had not only been taught, but just questioned on in their test.

Finally alone, or at least nearly alone, Dan saw his chance. He put his hands down on the bench beside his hips, and started to push himself up.

It all happened so quickly after that.

As soon as Dans backside came free of the bench, and his weight somehow shifted internally, he sprung his first leak. He actually felt it coming, perhaps a second or two before he got up, but he was already in motion then, and it was too late. A short, sharp jet of pee shot out of his boyhood, which had kind of scrunched itself up backwards, and pointed itself directly ahead as he started to stand. It was big enough to bounce backwards off the inside of his pants a bit, before getting absorbed, and he felt the warm liquid coating his pubic mound and shaft.

Dan quickly pulled his hands from the bench, and let his bottom drop back down from the six inch height it had achieved, and the jarring shock caused him to lose control again, and before his first squirt of pee had even finished, a second, even stronger leak occurred, and as he sat down he could feel it pooling beneath his almost hairless balls, and a warm patch spreading across his butt. A quickly grasping hand found the end of his tool encased in hot, wet cotton, and he peed into his hand for another second before finally cutting the flow off.

A quick glance at his lap revealed his worse fears. His orange shorts, faded from use and now more of a pale orange instead of their original bright shade, now sported a a big, dark, highly visible wet circle across the front of them, and partially between his legs as well. He couldn't see his butt, but he could feel how wet the back of his shorts felt against his thighs. ARGH! There it went again! As he watched in horror, the wet patch on his pants grew even larger.

He forced himself to look up, and saw that nobody was directly around him, or looking at him. Everyone's attention was on Toby, who was comically threatening to hurl himself head first into the creek. Dan stood up, properly and all the way this time, ignoring the little squirt that the motion forced from him, and tried not to think about the trickle he felt on his bald leg. Pivoting quickly, he started fumbling with the knot in his drawstring waist as he scurried towards the bushes behind the seats.

His attention diverted, Dan stumbled across a branch on the ground, which caused two things. He leaked a bit more, and he pulled the wrong cord, losing the bow and tightening the knot instead of loosening it. He staggered to the bushes, glad that at least for the moment, nobody could see him, and he pulled and fumbled at the knot as he continued to drip and dribble into his shorts, feeling the ominous sensation that always happened right before he completely and utterly lost all control.

The urine left his bladder, and he could sense a tsunami travelling through his system, about to fully hit anything that might be in its way. In despair, feet hopping up and down, he gave one final tug on his shorts, and they fell down, almost to the ground, and his penis sprang forth, a mere millisecond before the entire contents of his bladder spilled forth in a powerful torrent. Using his left hand, he was able to snug his shorts up over his bum again, while his right hand held his shaft, and a finger full of sodden fabric.

Meanwhile, Matt had taken off behind the other kids, but had forgotten his towel, turning around to retrieve it. He looked up, and saw Danny facing the bushes, obviously having a pee, and he grinned. After an uncertain start, he was quickly growing fond of the other boy, especially since Dan had helped him out after his upset stomach. Without his help, Matt would've been no doubt seen with his messed-in white shorts showing his shame to the whole world, and that would've been terrible. Dan had even given him a diaper to wear, and although it was weird, Matt had felt grateful, especially after suffering from another wet fart while laying in bed that night, the borrowed diaper being all that saved him from messing his sleeping bag.

He hadn't pooped much, but enough that it would've made a mess. Matt hadn't told Danny about that, because he just felt so uncomfortable about admitting that he'd had another accident. He had a fresh understanding now of just how hard it must've been for his friend to "come out" like that, and although it still seemed kinda weird, he was starting to not only like Danny, but respect him for what he was being forced to deal with. He decided to wait for his friend to finish what he was doing, and walk with him to the river. It looked like it was taking him a long time, so Matt started sauntering over, just to let Danny know that he was waiting for him.

Dan pulled his pants up, gingerly tied the cord back up, wincing at the feeling of the hot, wet, cord. He pulled his t-shirt up, and almost cried when he discovered that it was wet as well, apparently having been sitting on his lap when he had peed while sitting, and creating a small but noticeable upside down half moon at the bottom of his light blue t-shirt. It matched almost perfectly with the big dark circle on the front of his pants.

There was absolutely no way he could get away with this.

Judging by the sounds of laughter, the loud splashing, and even louder, high-pitched shrieks of cold, everyone was already in the water, or at the water, and he couldn't possibly approach them from front on from this distance, and even hope to get within thirty meters of the river without everyone seeing how he'd wet himself. He couldn't just leave the group and sneak off either, not without telling a teacher, and of course the teachers were down with his classmates at the river. He could imagine the stir it would cause if he did sneak off, especially from a swimming excursion. Panic would ensue about the missing little boy in the river!

He was screwed.

Dan was so deep in worry and thought, trying to come up with a plan, that he didn't hear the footsteps behind him. He almost screamed like a little girl when the powerful hand clamped down on his shoulder.

"Danny-boy! What's up? Ya coming swimming?"

Dan glanced nervously over his shoulder, then up a bit at Matthews face. He struggled, but managed to somehow keep his voice from breaking up.

"I've gotta big problem here Matty," Dan explained, turning to face his friend, and putting his shame on open display.

"I've, uh, I've wet my pants..."

*836*2017-08-22 07:40

This is a test. After all my problems with losing text, and trying a couple of writing apps like Werdsmith, with no real success, I've had it explained to me about how I can write stuff in the "Note" application, then transfer it onto here.

If you can read this, it was successful, and my problems are solved! If it didn't work, nobody is reading this because it doesn't exist.

Fingers crossed.

Hoo-f...ing ray! It worked.

I'm back!

*841*2017-08-24 07:47

Chapter 33:

"Wait, w-what? What have you done?" Matt sounded confused, almost in disbelief.

Dan glared fiercely at the bigger boy, hoping that the tears he felt behind his eyes would stay put, and not add any further shame to his predicament. Using anger as his motivation to keep his unshed tears at bay, he hissed his reply. "For Chrissake Matt. Aren't I speaking friggin' English? I've hadda accident. I've pissed my pants again."

At first, Matt could only shake his head in confusion, or maybe denial, lowering his gaze to Daniels lap, where his friends orange shorts and light blue shirt were putting his shame on full display for the whole world to see. He managed to eventually drag his gaze away, looking over his shoulder to check that they were still alone, before responding in an equally hushed voice. "Ah fuck Danny. 'Course I know whatcha mean! But how? I mean, dontcha have a diaper on?"

Dan shook his head ruefully. "Can't wear one for swimming, Matt. Or bike riding. I took it off earlier, thinking we was just going to like swim straight away, but we hadda do that dumb test. I was really bursting by then, but I thought I could hold on, really I did, honest, but I hadda accident when I tried to stand up. Oh man! What am I going to do? I'm fucked....." as he finished speaking, he drew in a watery, wavering breath, and the depth of emotions in his voice was apparent, especially as it rose a few octaves as he ran out of things to say.

At first, Matt did what he was best at, staying silent, but his mind was working overtime. It was easy to just write Matt off sometimes, as he generally didn't say a lot, but as Scott and Ali could attest, he actually had quite a sharp mind inside his big frame. They had learned years ago that it always paid to listen to Matthew if he had something to say, which was exactly what Daniel was learning for himself right now.

"No man, you're not fucked yet," he replied, musing over the best plan of attack. Something about the way he spoke got Dans attention, and he looked at the bigger boy carefully, starting to feel a glimmer of hope.

"Whaddya mean Matty? Have you got an idea?"

Matt held up a hand in a "stop talking" gesture, and looked around again, assessing his options.

"I think we can get you out of here," Matt explained carefully, thinking even as he spoke. "But not without at least telling a teacher though."

Dan was aghast. "Aww man. No! Do I haveta? Can't I just sorta like sneak off or something?"

"No dude, you know you can't. If you go missing without telling a grownup, the shit'll really hit the fan. 'Sides, you said all the teachers know about your, well, your 'problem.' It shouldn't be a big deal, but you gotta tell 'em. Look, you don't even haveta, I will, but you gotta let me." He pointed to where Father Brandon was standing on the high bank all by himself, laughing as he watched the boys and Mr Davies all splashing around in the deep water, throwing the tennis ball back and forth.

"Check out Father Brandon. No ones near him right now. If I go tell him what's happened, well he's gotta let you go, doesn't he? But you're not gonna be 'llowed to just go back by yourself, so I'll volunteer to go with you. If we're like real careful, we can prolly manage to sneak you back to the cabin without anyone seeing you! You know, like how you helped me sneak back yesterday when I pooped myself! We got me back without anyone seeing me, so we should be able to do the same for you, 'specially if we're like super careful."

Dan felt his hopes soar a bit. Perhaps all wasn't lost yet. But still, he harboured some doubts along with his minuscule bit of hope.

"Aw Matty. Would you really help me like that? That'd be great of you if you could! I'd be like forever owing you a massive favour. But shit, do we really have to tell the teachers what really happened? Can't we just say I'm sick or something?"

Matt favoured Danny with what he hoped was an encouraging grin, although it did feel a bit forced though. "Of course I'll help you mate, that's what mates do, 'sides, you helped me out, so I already kinda owe ya one anyway! But yeah, were gonna have to tell 'em the truth bro. If they think you're sick, they're gonna want to come over and talk to you, you know, like check you out for themselves, and no doubt at least some other kids are gonna see 'em, and prolly gonna come over and see what the fuss is all about, then EVERYONE'S going to see what's happened! If I can sneak over and just tell Brandon that you've hadda accident, he won't wanna come over and make a big deal of it, at least I hope not, and if we're lucky, he'll just let us go while everyone else is busy swimming. Fucked if I know if it'll work or not, but it's the best I can think of. Unless you got any better ideas?"

Dan was actually too worked up to even think clearly. He kept squeezing the wet patch on his pants, occasionally feeling the cooling urine dripping out and trickling down his legs, tickling him as it ran down. He wasn't exactly a big fan of telling the teachers that he'd wet himself, but he couldn't think of a single idea that was better or even worse than Matts plan.

"Okay Matt, you're the boss," he admitted, and Matt started to turn around before Dan stopped him, adding a sincere "thanks mate."

Matt took a deep breath, and steadied himself. He couldn't really believe what he was about to do. Fourteen year olds simply don't need to go tell a teacher that one of their peers has wet his pants. But, Dan was his mate, and had already proved that by helping him out of a similar predicament only the previous day, so he swallowed his embarrassment, and tried to stride with confidence as he approached the priest from behind, reaching out with a shaky hand to nervously tap the teacher on the shoulder.

"Ahh, Father Brandon, can, ah, I, uh, have a quick word?"

The young priest was laughing at the antics going on in the water, and was distracted, but something about the way Matt was speaking grabbed his attention, and he realised that at least something was up. After all, Matthew Jackson wasn't exactly renowned for just starting a casual conversation with a teacher. Other kids like Sam and Toby were certainly more likely to be that outgoing. He turned to the boy, and tried to give him his full attention, sensing that something must be wrong.

"Yes Mr Jackson? What can I do for you?" Father Brandon asked kindly, trying to make the young man feel at ease.

Matt gestured towards where Dan was standing, with his back to them, and about 30 meters away.

"It's not me sir. It's Danny. You know, Danny Jacobs?"

Father Brandon suppressed a smile. His pupil sounded so serious, but from the first glance he couldn't see anything wrong with either him, or the schoolmate that he was pointing too. He tried not to exhibit too much mirth, as he wanted the nervous looking boy who was standing in front of him, but not actually making eye contact, to feel comfortable. Experience had taught the priest that by being flippant at an inopportune time could easily make a kid feel nervous, and make them clam up, losing the nerve to ask for the help that they sometimes required. Being a teacher was a constant balancing act between being authoritarian, kind and compassionate, and guiding young minds without actually leading them like robots. But still, he was in a relaxed and jovial mood, so he couldn't resist having a small joke with the worried looking boy in front of him.

"Hmmm! Jacobs, Danny Jacobs....why yes, I do believe I know who you're referring to. I may have met him before, like nearly everyday in home room?"

The attempt at humour seemed to go over the teenagers head, and he didn't even offer a grin in response, but plowed directly on with what he was trying to say. But he kept looking around nervously, and spoke only in hushed tones.

"Well sir, you know all about Dans, uh, problems?"

This snapped the priest out of his lighthearted mood. Admittedly, at first, Dans incontinence didn't just leap into the front of his mind, but the very mention of one of his students having problems sobered his mood quickly, although it took a few seconds to compute exactly what Dans problems actually were. He glanced towards where Dan was standing, still with his back towards them, and suddenly he made the connection about what might be wrong. When he addressed the nervously shuffling teen, all trace of humour was gone, replaced with a worried tone instead.

"Yes Matthew, I'm well aware of Daniels situation. Why? What's wrong?"

"Danny's had an accident sir. A big one. He's like wet himself sir. His pants are all wet."

Even though the priest was well aware of Dans problems, he'd never actually physically encountered them before. As a matter of fact, this was the first time he'd ever experienced an older child having an accident, with the exception of the occasional bed-wetting incidents that occurred at camp every year, and although unpleasant, they were usually easily dealt with. But he'd never seen a teenager wetting his pants during the daytime, and although none of the other kids had noticed yet, he knew he'd have to do something quickly, but what? Ideally, he would like to get Dan safely away from the other children before they saw him, but how? He leaned in closer to Matt, making sure to keep his voice low. "Oh no Matt, that's not good at all. I'll go and speak with him."

Matt surprised not only the priest, but himself as well, when he found himself reaching out to grab his teachers arm, halting his progress.

"Begging your pardon sir, but I don't think that's necessary. Danny's pretty cut up about it at the moment. He's like only just holding himself together. If you go speak with him, he's probably gonna, I dunno, like lose it or something, maybe even start cryin'. Then all the boys are gonna look over and see him and stuff. P'raps you could like maybe excuse us? I know we're not s'posed to like be walking around without a buddy, but if you let me go too, I'll go back with him, you know, help him out like? If we go now, while the other kids are playing, and all the other boys are doing their own shit, sorry sir, I meant stuff, I might even be able to get him back to the cabin 'fore anyone sees him!"

Father Brandon gave a genuine smile of gratitude to the young boy standing in front of him. It was moments like this that always made him feel like teaching was worthwhile, when you saw a kid making a smart but difficult choice to help their friends out. It was a definite sign of blossoming maturity, and frankly, he was also grateful that it might also give him the "out" that he needed so he wouldn't have to deal with it himself.

"Would you Matt? Would you be willing to help Dan out like that? I'm sure he'd be very grateful if you did, and honestly, I would as well."

Matt's chest puffed up a bit with pride. He hadn't really worked out exactly how he was going to accomplish this seemingly impossible task, but Dan was his friend, and had helped him out of a similar dilemma, so he knew that he owed it to his mate to at least try, and the fact that their teacher was also reacting with such gratitude made him all the more determined to at least try his very best.

"I'll try sir. If we can leave now, while everyone's still playing around, we might just be able to sneak around the back of the mess hall, and skirt back to our own cabin without being spotted. At least I hope so!"

Father Brandon's mind was made up instantly. " Ok Matthew, you boys go. Get out of here real quick! I'll delay anyone from leaving. I'll just say that you guys needed to use the toilet, like to sit on, and I excused you. Now take Dan and go!"

Matt didn't waste any time, he patted Father Brandon on the arm quickly, and ran back to where Dan was standing, hopping from foot to foot, continually grabbing at his wet spot, and not being entirely sure that he'd actually finished emptying his bladder 100%, or if he still needed to go more. No words needed to be exchanged as he grabbed Dan, swung him around so that he was facing the path, and pushed him forwards. Father Brandon was afforded a sight that he simply wished that he'd never seen. That of one of his pupils, a teenage boy, with a big wet circle covering the front of his shorts and t-shirt.

"Come on man, let's go!" Matt said enthusiastically, trying to sound upbeat if only for Dans sake.

Dan tugged nervously at his wet crotch, not understanding even the most basic instructions. "What? W-where?" He stammered.

Matt looked excited, perhaps more alive than what Dan had ever seen him. He was in charge now, The Boss, not just a follower. He had a solid idea about how this just might work, and it was his time to shine. Even if Dan would be the only one to know, should his plan be successful, it didn't matter. Now was his time, his time to show leadership, and actually help, to make a difference, and he was damned if he wasn't going to at least try and be the hero! Here was his chance to stand out, to be a leader, and not just a hanger-on, and fuck me, he wasn't going to let it slip!

"Don't argue man! Brandon said we could go, so let's go! While the others are busy fuckin' around! He's even gonna like cover for us! "Tell 'em all we needed to go to the shitter or something! Let's rock out, 'fore anyone sees us."

Daniel came to his senses. Suddenly, wet sticky pants or not, he felt a slight glimmer of hope. The first, seemingly insurmountable hurdle had passed, getting away without any of the other boys seeing him, and only a minute ago that had seemed impossible. Maybe, just maybe, Matt could actually get him out of this! Still, he couldn't bring himself to speak, so he just nodded, looking at Matt expectantly, but still grabbing his boyhood through his sodden shorts.

Matt put his index finger to his lips in a classic 'Shhhh' gesture, and motioned for Danny to follow him, and the smaller boy immediately complied, moving stealthily towards where the track entered the clearing. They scooted up the small incline, both of them waiting almost expectantly for the shouts of queries or alarm to echo out behind them, but neither did, and soon they were safely out of sight behind where the track turned just North of the clearing. Only then did they stop jogging, and pause for a breath.

"Fuck Matty! What're we doing? What do you think you're gonna 'complish here?" Dan pondered, as they hunched over, hands on knees, drawing deep breaths.

"We're gonna get you back home safely," Matt replied casually, as if it was a simple task. "Gonna get you back to the cabin without anyone knowing what happened. Easy."

Dan was gobsmacked. Even if he had ever imagined another kid sticking their neck out for him like this, it would've been either Scott or Ali, not Matt. But, here Matt was, going over and above the line of friendship to help him, and the young man felt infinitely grateful. When his friend turned and started walking, Dan automatically followed him, almost as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

Normally, the army-obsessed boy could've quite easily let himself fall into an soldier-type fantasy, probably imagining himself as some sort of particularly brave Special Ops commando, sneaking around behind enemy lines, trying not to be discovered, then interrogated or possibly tortured. But this was so much more important than simple torture. Now, if the "enemy," that is, virtually anyone from his school saw him, it would result in far worse than physical torture.

Now, everyone would know Dan had peed his pants.

He followed soundlessly behind Matthew, and not once did his soldier daydream cross his mind. His thoughts were too tied up with realistic shit to be concerned about childish daydreaming.

And again, another milestone passed unacknowledged. That was probably the first time that Dan made a conscious effort to forgo his imaginary childish daydreaming to deliberately focus on more important Adult type stuff. No, it wasn't the last time, but it was probably the first time, and as we all know, that's a slippery slope to ride. All too soon we give up our rights to simply daydream, to just relax and fantasise, and full blown adulthood is just around the corner from that......

It actually ended up being even easier than either boy could've imagined, at least at first. They managed to make it all the way from the creek, to the very edge of the village without encountering another soul. By then, they had wordlessly developed a routine. Matt would sneak ahead, using the trees or bushes for cover, scout the way in front, then signal for Dan to catch up, still unconsciously playing with his dick occasionally through his wet shorts.

Soon, they were at the very outskirts of their "village," and the mess hall was in front of them. They only needed to get around that, then sneak around the back of perhaps 3 more cabins, and they'd be safely back at their own. So far, the only people they'd seen had been a long way away, the occasional boy walking along the other side of the quadrangle, on the far side of the village, and too far away to be even seen clearly.

Feeling emboldened, the boys had a pow-wow from the safety of the bushes.

"You wait here," Matt instructed. "I'll sneak around the back, and signal you if it's clear."

Dan however had a different idea.

"That's the long way back," he hissed. "Why don't we cut in front of the mess hall? It's only half the distance! If nobody's around, I can bolt straight 'round the corner and inside. If I go round the back, I've gotta skirt right round the next 2 cabins to get there! I know going round the front is more open, but it's a damn sight quicker if there's nobody there!"

Matt nodded slowly, taking on board exactly what Daniel was saying. Admittedly, he had only been thinking about the less traveled option, and hadn't considered the more direct path, and Dan was right. If it was open and safe, it would certainly be a lot quicker, and getting him inside was the main aim of their mission. He suggested to Dan that they go in opposite directions around the large mess hall, approaching the front from opposite sides. If they both met up at their opposing corners without encountering anybody else, and the coast was clear, it would be a straight sprint to safety. If they took the supposedly "safe" option, they would be looping around behind the cabins for another few minutes, and every minute exposed equalled another sixty seconds where Dan's shame would be seen, then exposed to the world. After a quick but quiet debate, the kids decided that the more open, front on assault was worth the risk.

The mess hall and kitchen was by far the biggest building in the village. It could comfortably seat well over 100 people with ease, and was equipped with a large commercial kitchen and adjacent store room. This was all housed in a large, rectangular structure. From where the boys were situated around the back, they could see the two rear doors, 1 leading into the kitchen itself, and the other apparently providing rear access into the store room, probably used for receiving deliveries.

Both rear entrances were semi-concealed by 8 foot high, L-shaped slatted wooden partitions, and in these alcoves were stored miscellaneous items, such as rubbish and recycling bins, empty bread racks, and even some old shelving and cleaning equipment. The back door of the kitchen was open, and the sound of music and talking could be heard from within, as the kitchen staff were busy preparing the midday meal. The smell of freshly cooked pies wafted towards the boys, reminding them that although they were on an important mission, they were still adolescents, and regardless of their difficult situation, they were getting hungry.

Matt tapped Dans arm, signalling for him to head around the left side, past the store room, while he himself would circle anticlockwise past the kitchen entrance. If everything worked to plan, they would soon see each other from opposite corners from the front side of the building, which faced the quad. They prepared to take off, but Dan halted Matts progress by suddenly grabbing his arm. Matt looked quizzically at his friend, waiting for an explanation.

"Matty! Fuck it, our towels! We've left our towels and shirts behind! Aw fuck man! How did I manage to do that? I coulda maybe tied it around my waist or something. It mighta helped. We gotta go back."

"Don't be an idiot, man," Matthew chided in a firm voice. "If we go back now, we'll prolly run into the whole freaking class walking back! Fuck the towels. Either Ol' Brandon will grab 'em, or we'll need to go back later, but we're not gonna go back now! We're nearly home."

Dan had to agree, going back would certainly be foolish, but he wasn't thinking clearly at the moment. He just nodded dumbly in agreement, and indicated that they should just continue. Matt took a quick swig from his water bottle, offering it to Dan, who had left his own back at the creek with his towel. Dan took it gratefully, quenching his parched throat with the still cool water before handing it back, nodding his thanks, and indicating with a thumbs up gesture that he was ready.

Matt took off in a hunched- over run, and Dan did the same, going the other way. He made it around the back corner, then pressed his back against the side of the building, and shimmied along sideways, until he was safely concealed by a thick bush. His wet shorts were now cold, and sticking uncomfortably to his thighs, and he was starting to get itchy between his legs. He paused long enough to peel the sodden fabric away from his skin, wincing with disgust at the feeling of cold, clammy fabric between his fingers. He hadn't wanted to "play" too much with his wet pants while Matt had been with him, as he was trying his best not to draw any extra attention to them, but man, was it ever uncomfortable!

As he ran his hand across his butt, he was dismayed to find a big round wet patch on there as well, and the back legs of his shorts were also wet. He felt fresh embarrassment when he realised that Matt had been walking behind him for a lot of their trip back, and Dan had felt some slight relief at the time, thinking to himself that at least he wasn't visibly wet from behind, but apparently, he had been badly mistaken.

The other thing that was making him uncomfortable, was the fact that he now realised that he still needed to pee. His big accident had occurred when his undersized bladder had reached its tipping point, spilling its excess into his pants with an uncontrolled ferocity, but as the level had dropped, his ability to control it had increased, and although he'd taken a good sized piss into the bushes, he had apparently been so desperate for it to stop, that he had cut off the flow as soon as he had been able to, but he hadn't quite emptied his aching bladder properly. Now, the mixture of emotions he'd suffered was subsiding, combined with the extra physical effort of jogging through the forest, and mixed in with the cold wet feeling of his pants sticking to his weiner, he realised that he already needed to pee again, and more than a little bit.

He frequently encountered this while wearing diapers. If his diaper was dry, he could keep it that way for a lot longer than if it was already wet. If it was wet, he automatically needed to pee more urgently when the time came. He adjusted his boyhood as best he could, although the way it had now shrunken up to almost nothing inside his wet pants made any adjustments only negligible at best. He glanced through the bush, and saw nobody at all in the immediate vicinity. For the briefest of moments, he considered having another wee behind the bush, but he knew that by now Matt was probably waiting at the other corner for him. Besides, he'd be safely back inside his cabin shortly, and he could pee while he had a nice hot shower. Glancing through the leaves again, he deduced that the coast was clear, and if he was going to go, it probably should be now.

Dan pulled an errant branch back, stepped around the front of the building, and almost walked straight into Robbie.

While he didn't share any classes with Robbie, he knew him all to well just on reputation alone. A boy of mixed race parents, he was almost as dark of skin as Ali was, although his wide nose and heavy brow pointed more directly to his Aboriginal heritage instead of any Indian descent. The other thing that made Robbie stand out, was his size. He was 15, the oldest boy in year 8. He had been made to repeat a year while in primary school, as a result of continuing poor attendance and bad attitude, and time didn't appear to have mellowed him.

Robbie had a reputation as a bully, and he had already served a 2 day suspension earlier this year for fighting. He was known for bullying the smaller kids, and Aiden had run afoul of him on more than one occasion. He wasn't necessarily a "bad" kid, but he definitely didn't always fit in with what the normal expectations of a grade 8 boy in a well-to-do private Catholic school should be.

If Dan had to pick just one boy that he especially wouldn't want to encounter at this stage of his embarrassing trek, Robbie would probably have topped the list.

Dan stood still, completely flummoxed, frozen like a deer caught in the incoming headlights of a truck, and Robbie jumped backwards in shock, not expecting anyone else to just suddenly appear out of the bushes like that. For a few seconds they stood there, facing each other directly from a distance of no more than ten feet, like gun fighters in an old western movie. Neither boy spoke at first, then Robbies gaze dropped, and he took in the obvious wet patch on Dans pants. Dans gaze raised, and he looked over the bigger boys shoulder, and saw Matt, standing at the corner behind the threatening looking boy, and indicating with a violent shooing gesture for Dan to turn and run.

"Jacobs? What the fu...." Robbie started to say with a grin, pointing towards Dans wet pants.

Danny didn't wait to hear the rest. He spun on his heels quickly, and forced his way back through the bushes that he'd just emerged from, feeling them scratching painfully at his cheek, arms, and legs, but he ignored it, and took off like a jack rabbit towards the rear of the building. Before he disappeared, he heard Matts voice, declaring happily, "Robbie! Wassup dude?"

Dan was thankful that he didn't hear the sound of rustling branches behind him, at least at first. Heart hammering, he pressed his back against the building, and looked around frantically, desperate for a place to hide. Unfortunately for him, there wasn't one. The mess hall had the sealed service road behind it, which the boys had crossed, but on the other side of that was only thick, scrubby bushes, almost impenetrable to get through. He could try and disappear back down the track again, but as Matt had wisely pointed out, he would be running the risk of walking directly into his soon to be returning classmates. He could try and sprint around the other side of the building, in the direction that Matt had gone, but who's to say that Matt and Robbie wouldn't be coming around from that side, looking for him.

He was screwed. All of a sudden, the sudden attack of nerves heightened his need to pee again even more. He clutched at his already wet pants in a panic, unsure as to if he wasn't about to wet himself again. Feeling his penis twitch through his wet pants, he squeezed his knees tightly together and hunched forward, but the sudden noise from the other side of the bushes made him quickly abandon his hold, and focus instead on a place to hide or run too.

There was the sound of branches rustling and scraping against the side of the building, and Robbies voice was extremely close.

"Hey Matty! Have you seen that mate of yours, Jacobs? I just saw him run through here! Oh man! You ain't gonna believe what I just saw!"

Dan froze, but an unannounced fresh trickle of warmth on his leg snapped him out of it in a hurry. Whipping his head around, he locked onto what appeared to be his only option. The partially screened off alcove leading into the store room, which was about a third full of various boxes, some chairs, and an old freezer, amongst other things. Without waiting to run into Robbie again, Dan moved as stealthily as he could, secreting himself into the shadows, and squatting down behind the old freezer. From his hiding place, he had a restricted view through the wooden slats of the other side of the screen, but not much else.

The closed wooden door behind him was certainly a worry as well, and anyone who exited through it, or wanted to enter from the outside, would have to be completely blind not to notice the scared child in wet pants hiding as best he could. But, with absolutely no further option available to him, he hunkered down just in time, glancing nervously around the bottom of the freezer and seeing two pairs of sand shoes appearing only a couple of feet away, with the screen offering his only protection. Matts voice came to him, as clear as a bell.

"Yeah, Danny? What about him? I'm looking for him right now!"

The bigger pair of shoes twisted around in the dirt, a pair of black legs disappearing from view as their owner swivelled around, no doubt looking for him.

"Aw man! I think he's pissed himself! You shoulda seen him! His pants are like totally soaked! Lucky I've got my phone with me! I'm gonna get a photo of his sorry arse, and post it online! It's friggin hilarious! Oh boy! Wait till everyone finds out! He's gonna be a laughing stock!"

Matt laughed, and it didn't sound at all forced to Dans ears.

"Nah Robbie, you got it all wrong dude! I got him wet! We was mucking around back there, and when he wasn't looking, I squirted him right in the balls with my water bottle, like this..."

Dan heard an exclamation, and the black legs suddenly jumped backwards, and a strong stream of water shot down, right where the feet had been standing only a second beforehand. "Fuck Jackson! What're you doing, bro? You almost got me man!"

Matt giggled again, and Robbie joined in. "Sorry Rob. But that's what I just did to Danny! He wasn't even looking, and I got him a beauty! He took off real quick, and I'm looking for him now. But I'll bet the bastards made it back to our cabin by now. Pity. I was gonna drag him around in front of the others, you know, just for a stir."

"Good joke man," Robbie agreed. "Ya certainly got him good! I couldn't believe it when I saw him! I actually thought he musta pissed himself! That's exactly what it looked like. Pretty funny dude, you're alright, ya know?"

There was the unmistakable sound of a high five being exchanged, and both boys kept laughing about what a Doofus Danny had looked like in his wet pants, and he managed a silent sigh of relief as he realised that the other kids weren't going to actually look for him. But as he exhaled, relaxing as best he could from his hunched over squat, he shuddered, and started wetting himself again, but there was nothing he could do about it.

He was squatting down on his haunches with his knees spread for balance, and to stop peeing, he would need to stand up, or at least close his legs, and he didn't trust himself to do either without making a noise and giving away his hiding place. He grimaced, feeling the fresh warmth coating his balls again, and a second later, a new stream had started flowing from his crotch. Powerless to stop it, he gritted his teeth, and shuddered as a chill past through him, and he silently prayed that the other boys, only feet away, wouldn't hear the sound of water splattering onto the cement, or see the little stream that was snaking its way from between his shoes to the gap underneath the wooden partition that the other boys were standing behind.

"Hey Matty," Robbie whispered, "I've gotta smoke in my pocket, wanna share?"

Dans mind went into overdrive. He silently mouthed "No! Nonononono! Please! Just fuck off!" His dick twitched violently, and the floodgates opened up even more, as his stream increased in volume from a trickle to a full on flood. The previous small stream grew stronger, and a powerful torrent started bouncing off the inside of his pants, completely soaking himself afresh, and he was soon squatting over a puddle, while the acrid aroma of fresh urine wafted up towards his nose.

The sound of Matts voice was all that kept him grounded, preventing him from following his bodies natural instincts and suddenly standing up, which of course would've resulted in them finding him not only in freshly wet pants, but while actually in the process of physically wetting himself. He forced himself to endure the tickling sensation of spreading warmth around his midsection, as his t-shirt started wicking the pee upwards across his belly. He was however completely powerless to do anything about the small, but highly noticeable trickle of pee that was steadily making its way beneath the partition, and starting to form a small puddle behind what must have been the heel of Robbies left shoe.

He honestly could've hugged Matthew, when he heard him speak.

"Great idea Rob. I'd love a smoke, but not here, eh? Danny and I have been down the creek with Brandon and Davies group, and they'll be coming up that path again any minute. How's about we go over behind the bike shed? Should be safe there, plus, no one can like sneak up on us, we'll see 'em coming long before they get to us."

"Good thinking dude," Robbie agreed heartily. "One things for sure, I don't wanna get busted smoking again. I'll get a full weeks suspension next time, and me dad will kick shit outta me."

The other boys started strolling off, leaving a very wet Daniel remaining crouched behind the freezer. He mentally counted off two full minutes before carefully standing up again, and his bladder protested in time with his aching legs, as the last of his pee escaped, running uninterrupted down his bare legs, soaking into the tops of his white ankle socks, and getting his feet wet inside his sneakers.

By now, he couldn't care less. A quick inspection showed the front of his shorts to be completely saturated, as was the crotch, and the back of his legs. His formally sky blue t-shirt now sported a large, dark blue semi-circle of wetness, and it clung tightly against his slightly chubby tummy. His almost bald legs glistened in the sun, as the last few drops fell from his grubby knees. The other boys had left just in time, and he could feel his legs starting to cramp, and he held out a wet hand for support, leaving a wet handprint behind on the wooden side of the building as he gingerly stretched his protesting muscles, kicking aimlessly at the puddle he'd left on the ground.

Dan was in an almost trancelike state, and he couldn't believe he'd put himself in this position again. After wetting himself in front of his friends at the park recently, he'd sworn to himself that he wouldn't do stupid stuff like that anymore, no matter what it took, but here he was, standing in the late morning sun, splashing about in a puddle of his own piss again, while his clothes stuck disgustingly to his body. He shook his head ruefully. When was he ever going to learn? He should know by now, that going around unprotected was simply not a good option for him anymore, even if it did make him feel normal.

An uncomfortable thought sprang to mind. Perhaps his mother had been right all along, and he needed to start growing up a bit more, and start accepting the consequences of his choices, instead of constantly bemoaning the fact that it simply wasn't fair to expect a fourteen year old to stay diapered all day.

He was shaken from his introspection by the sound of approaching voices, accompanied by much laughter and giggling. Apparently, the group was returning from the creek, and would be emerging any second from the path in front of him. Remaining where he was, almost covered in piss just wouldn't do, so he forced his aching legs into a wobbly trot, and limped along the back of the mess hall, pausing only briefly to make sure the coast was clear from the corner, then limped around to the next building.

Across the quad, he could see Matt and Robbie walking towards the bike shed. He sent up a quick prayer on Matthews account, hoping that his friend wouldn't get busted for smoking, but quickly turned back to the task at hand, getting home safely.

Proceeding cabin by cabin, he was fortunate enough to eventually get back to his own dorm. He did spy other people a couple of times, both kids and grownups, but was lucky enough not to actually encounter them face to face. The closest call was outside his own cabin. He peered around the corner, spotting a group of kids throwing a ball around, but perhaps fifty feet away, and he steeled himself, then darted quickly around the corner and up the steps of his own cabin before they spotted him.

Dan wasted no time. The other boys weren't home, so he had the bathroom to himself. He selected his spare towel, his sweat pants, a clean shirt and socks, along with a fresh pull up, and disappeared into the sanctuary of the shower room.

It was perhaps three minutes later, with his smelly, dirty clothes now stashed in a plastic bag while he stood his naked body under the warm water and started scrubbing himself with a bar of soap, that he noticed how his dick had started to go hard, especially as he kept thinking about how he had wet himself the second time, while hiding from Matt and Rob. It had been terrifying, humiliating, and scary at the time, but now, in hindsight, from the safety of his shower, he found the memory to be oddly arousing.

Before he knew what he was doing, he started soaping his genitals up, and keeping a close ear out for the sound of anyone coming in the front door, he started stroking himself, and in no time at all his essence was disappearing down the drain with the last of the soapy water.

*845*2017-08-26 14:59

Chapter 34:

Dan stood naked and undecided in the shower room. There was absolutely no way that he was going to continue his day undiapered, but he hated the thought of someone seeing his diaper almost as much as them seeing him have an accident. Diapers increased his safety barrier, but increased his visibility factor, especially in jeans or sweatpants, and he didn't want to wear jeans in any case, as he didn't know what activities he'd be doing for the rest of the day. He did have other shorts that he could wear, but he'd have no real excuse as to why he'd changed them, should anyone notice and ask. At least he could claim warmth as a reason to put his sweats on.

Towelling himself dry, he considered his options. He hurriedly stepped into his adult pull up, sighing with feelings of safety, security, and relief, as he snugged the thick nappy up around his waist, enjoying the way that the thick padding wrapped itself seamlessly around his genitals. Wrapping the towel around his waist, he moved quickly back into the bedroom, where his backpack was still open on his bed. Holding the towel closed with his left hand, he started fumbling around inside his bag with his right, and his naked body shivered slightly from the cooler air. It was definitely chillier down south, especially after his hot shower, and his wet hair was cooling down quickly.

It didn't take him long to find what he was looking for. His snap crotch onesie. His mother had insisted that he bring one, and he had argued, of course, explaining that it simply wasn't worth the risk of his friends seeing it.

"Why? It's worse than them knowing you wear diapers, is it?" Sue had asked sarcastically, and he truthfully hadn't been able to answer that. Eventually he had snatched the garment from his bed, and stuffed it all the way down to the bottom of his bag, if only to stop her from harping on about it. He shook his head ruefully as he carried it back into the bathroom, absolutely hating the fact that his damned mother had been proved right yet again. He wasted no time in sliding his head and arms into it, then spread his legs wide, double checked the leg guards on his pull up, and fumbled with the press studs with cold, trembling fingers.

It was only when he pulled his clean boxer shorts up, allowing him to look like he was only wearing a tucked-in t-shirt, that he breathed a sigh of relief. He stepped into his silky black sweatpants, comfortable with the knowledge that they wouldn't make his diaper stick out, then he dragged a long polo shirt on, long enough to cover his waistband, then went back to sit on his bed and put his socks on. Matthew walked into the cabin just as Dan was finished dressing.

"Danny-boy! Didja make it back here alright?"

Dan jumped up, and held his palm up, and when Matt raised his, Dan clasped it firmly, dragging the boy towards him and bumping chests, while he slapped Matts back with his free hand.

"Only thanks to you, brother! Oh man! I fucking owe you big, Matty! I could never have got back here without your help mate."

Matt smiled, slapping Dans back in return. "Don't mention it bro. You helped me, I helped you, we're square. And we're never gonna tell the boys about our accidents, are we?"

Dan grinned. "No. Freaking. Way. Don't worry man, I'll never tell 'em," and he saw his friend immediately relax a bit more.

"Matt," he ventured carefully, knowing what he wanted to say, but not sure of how to say it.

"Yeah?" Matt replied, arching an eyebrow.

"I mean it dude. I really appreciate what you've done for me, 'specially since I know you don't really like feel comfortable with the whole diaper thing."

The words were only just out of his mouth and he regretted them already. It had seemed like the right thing to say when he'd begun, but then he realised that he wasn't really supposed to know about Matthews true feelings, and Scott had in fact told him. But he didn't have to worry for long. He relaxed when he saw his friend blush, snap his head up, then avert his gaze.

"I was that obvious, huh?" Matt asked quietly. "Ah man! I'm sorry Danny. I never like meant to make ya feel uncomfortable or anything. But yeah. I guess I have been a bit weird with ya because of your, you know, your nappies? It wasn't nothing to do with you, not you as a person, but yeah, I gotta admit I have been a bit weirded out by that. I think I freaked out a bit when you had that accident playing football, and I just didn't know how to handle it. I guess it made me uncomfortable. I guess I kinda like tried to block you out a bit, even though I liked you. I just didn't expect to see another kid my age wetting himself or needing nappies. Amy explained stuff real well to us, and that kinda made it a bit better, I guess, but it still sounded a bit strange for me."

"But you're not so freaked out anymore?" Dan enquired hopefully.

"Nah. After having an accident myself yesterday, well, two actually. I wet-farted a bit later, but the Goodnight you gave me saved me."

"You and your reheated, day old Mexican pizza," Dan ventured with a grin, and was heartened when Matt smiled back.

"Exactly! Never gonna have that for breakfast again! But then last night, poor 'ol Aiden wet the bed, then you and Scotty said it could happen to any of us, and it kinda like bought it home for me, I guess. I'd seen you get caught out, then Aiden, and I'd only just got away with pooping myself with your help, and I realised that I was real lucky. Lucky to have a mate like you who helped me, even though I hadn't exactly been super nice to you. I guess I finally figured out that you're a great bloke, and your, ah, problem doesn't change that."

This was a pretty impressive speech for Matt, and Dan was touched. He stepped forward and hugged the bigger boy, who hesitated only slightly before hugging him back. They only embraced for a moment, then quickly punched each other on the back before quickly stepping away, suddenly feeling a bit embarrassed. Dan sat back on his bed, and busied himself with putting his shoes back on. They had gotten a bit of pee in them, but he couldn't do anything about that. He only had one pair of sneakers to wear.

"I couldn't believe how well you handled Robbie," Dan exclaimed, trying to change the topic. "That bastard coulda really made life tough for me. It was real clever how you convinced him that you'd squirted me with your bottle."

"You heard that huh? You was hiding behind that fence thing behind the hall, weren't ya? I thought I saw something move, then what looked like pee running out from under the fence."

Dan blushed, but Matt only laughed. "Don't worry Dan. I woulda probably pissed my pants as well if I was hiding from someone while I was already wet. Besides, Robbie isn't a bad kid. But I don't think shits real good for him at home. I think his dad knocks him around a bit sometimes. Makes Robbie kinda mad, ya know? Besides, I got a smoke out of it! Robbie and me had it behind the bike shed. Tasted nice, and was a great distraction after what had happened to you. Don't panic. I've got him completely convinced that I squirted you with water. He don't suspect nothing."

They were interrupted by a soft knocking on their door. Matt took three steps and opened it, seeing a nervous looking Aiden standing there, almost cowering under the imposing figure of Matthew staring at him from the top step.

"Yeah?" Matt asked quizzically, apparently not as gregarious around kids he didn't know so well.

Aiden reached out with a slightly shaky arm, holding out what appeared to be a plastic bag containing two towels, two shirts, and had Dans water bottle sitting on top.

"Uh, guys? Um, 'ol Brandon asked me to drop this off to you? You guys left swimmin' before us, and musta left your stuff behind? He asked me to bring it to you. What happened? You guys alright? Brandon didn't say."

"We're good, Aids," Dan said, using the poor boys unfortunate nickname, one of many. "I needed to have a shit, so he let me go, and Matt came back as my Camp Buddy." That was the term given to anyone who was walking around outside the actual village. You couldn't go without a Buddy.

"Ahhh," Aiden replied in his high pitched voice, accepting that answer at once. Dan couldn't believe they were in the same class. Aiden was so young looking! Although Dan himself still carried his childish features, Aiden looked like a little boy, especially standing beneath Matts towering frame.

"There's Scott!" Matt suddenly exclaimed, pointing excitedly over Aidens head and across the quad. "Thanks for bringing our stuff back Aids," he said quickly, before cupping his hands around his mouth and bellowing in his deeper voice "Scott! SCOTTY! Wait up," and jumping past Aiden and running towards his best friend.

"Come in, Aids. Chuck the bag over here! Thanks for bringing it back, man! Saved us a walk."

"No worries, Jacobs," Aiden replied happily, pleased to have helped. He was glancing around in wide eyed wonder, as if this cabin was somehow a lot better or different than his own.

"Think lunch might be nearly ready," he added as an afterthought, just to stop an uncomfortable silence from descending. Although they shared classes, and were friendly towards one another, they didn't know each other at all, nor ever mixed socially. In fact, Aiden had more friends amongst the grade seven boys, who were much more his size, and even some of them were bigger than him. The wind caught the door, suddenly slamming it loudly, and making both boys jump.

"Anyway, better go," Aiden said awkwardly, "gotta change outta these wet clothes! I'm bloody freezing!"

He turned to leave, and Dan heard himself saying "Aiden, wait a minute mate," before he actually knew he was going to say it.

Aiden paused, just short of reaching for the door, and turned back towards Dan, smiling still, and willing to either help more or accept more praise, whatever was on offer. The other boys in his grade didn't usually spend much time with him, and never played with him much either. It was nice to feel accepted by your classmates, especially the nice ones like Dan, who was much nicer than that asshole, Robbie.

"Aiden, it's none of my business, and you can tell me to get fucked, but I promise I'm not gonna pick on you. But what happened last night mate? Did you really wet the bed?"

Aiden s face darkened, and tears sprang so quickly to his eyes that it was almost impossible to believe that they hadn't just been there all along but unnoticed. His bottom lip quivered a bit, and he lunged for the door, but in his panic he pushed instead pulled, and Dan was able to leap off the bed and grab him, twisting the door handle easily from his scrawny hands and shutting it closed again.

Dan turned Aiden around, firmly but gently, and was alarmed and worried about the look of genuine fear on the other boys face, as if he was already flinching, waiting for a blow.

"Aiden! AIDS! Settle down mate," and he let the small boy go, suddenly feeling like a bully, and he didn't like that at all.

"Aiden, buddy. Calm down dude, I'm your mate, okay? I don't wanna pick on you, hurt you, or talk about you. I just wanna know, did you havea accident last night?"

Aiden sighed, slumping his shoulders with defeat. He hung his head, sniffed, then wiped his forearm across his eyes and nose, collecting himself.

"Sit down mate. Here, besides me," Dan said encouragingly, as he sat on the bed and patted the spare spot beside him.

"Can't. Wet." Aiden replied with a sniffle, pulling at his wet clothes.

"Don't worry about it Aiden. Wouldn't be the first time my beds got wet....."

He let that hang, and noticed how Aiden suddenly stood up a bit straighter, and looked at him almost in wonder.

"What happened Aiden?" Dan asked quietly.

"You heard right," the younger boy said quietly. "I wet me bed."

"How often do you do that Aids? You know? Wet the bed? Does it happen a lot?"

Aiden sized Dan up, running an enquiring eye over his "friend." He didn't know why, but he believed Dan when Dan told him that he wasn't going to be mean to him. Then there was that comment about his own bed sometimes being wet........ but the thing that finally made him decide to talk about it, was the simplest thing of all, a need for acceptance. Aiden didn't know any other bed wetters, apart from his ten year old sister, and it really ate away at him sometimes. Just having the remotest chance to meet another teenage bed wetter was worth some embarrassment. After all, he was only going to be admitting to something that Dan already knew he had done, at least once.

"It's been getting better slowly," the smaller boy said with a soft, reluctant sigh. "Back when I was a little kid," he said, missing any irony, "you know, like ten, eleven, I usedta pee the bed every night almost. But it started slowing down after I was twelve. Since I turned thirteen, 'bout eight months ago, it's prolly happened maybe fifteen times?"

Dan was willing to bet that it had happened a lot more than that, and, if pressed, Aiden would know exactly how many nights he had stayed dry since he'd turned thirteen. After all, Dan used to do the same thing, and under-exaggerate the frequency of his wettings when asked.

He still did.

"Do you normally wear any protection to bed mate? Like a Goodnight or something?"

"Used too. But not anymore. My dad refused to buy them for me after I turned thirteen. He thinks I'm just being lazy. Reckons if I'm lazy 'nough to piss my bed, I can lie in it. Said I'll soon learn not to be lazy anymore. Mum agrees as well. They don't like punish me or nothing, but I gotta change my own sheets and do my own laundry, you know, to teach me the consequenthingy of my actions. But I still can't completely stop." He sighed dejectedly.

"Oh man, that sucks," Dan admitted, patting the kid encouragingly on the knee, feeling how cold he was, still in his creek-wet clothes. "You're freezing dude! Why didn't you get changed at the river?"

"I don't like undressing in front of the other boys if I can help it," Aiden replied shyly. "I'm, um, not like as grown up as what you guys are, ya know? It's a bit embarrassing."

Dan grinned. "Don't worry Shrimp, I know exactly what you mean! Don't panic, it'll happen, same as your bed wetting will stop. I promise, and trust me, I should know."

"Thanks man, you're alright!" Aiden replied with a grin, punching Dan lightly on the leg before standing up. He felt the bed where he'd been sitting. "Beds not too wet," he exclaimed cheerfully.

"Yet," Dan replied with a grin, making Aiden giggle. He rummaged in his bag again, and found what he was looking for, his last camouflage Goodnight.

"Here man. Sneak this into your sleeping bag and put it on tonight. If it happens again, no one has to know."

Aiden s eyes lit up with delight. "Ah Danny! Thanks man! Thanks so much! I've been shit-scared about going to sleep tonight. I was gonna try and like stay up all night or something. This is great man."

Then he paused. "I'm guessing you obviously need them too? Like you're not some sorta weird "Pull-Up Fairy," who magically appears to give nappies to kids in need?" He tried to sound lighthearted, but there was something else in his high pitched voice, something that sounded akin to hope.

Dan laughed softly. "I need 'em too Aiden. Now keep your mouth shut, got it? I don't ever say anything about you to anyone, and you don't never talk about me. If you ever do, I swear to God Aiden, I will fuck you right up! Got it?"

Aiden gulped, but tried to grin positively. "About what Dan? Say anything about what? I don't know what you're talkin' about."

"Good boy," Dan exclaimed, offering his hand, which Aiden clasped tightly. His hand felt small and childlike to Dan.

"Dan," Aiden began tentatively.

"Yeah Aids?"

"Can we maybe talk one day? Just you and I? About this?"

Dan smiled. "Of course mate. Just not here and now. But later. Promise."

"Thanks Dan," a now beaming Aiden replied, before stuffing the pull up inside his towel, and putting that inside the plastic bag he'd been toting the boys stuff in. "See ya," and he was gone.

Dan laid back on his bunk, and stretched, and he was immediately glad that he had his onesie on, because his diaper didn't pop out. He felt good for reaching out to the kid. He hoped he'd made his day better.

He also prayed to God he hadn't just made a huge mistake

*849*2017-08-27 06:48

Thanks for the support everyone. I'm trying to inject some new characters to keep it fresh.

Very Interested in your feedback. Who should we see more of in the future?

Sam, Toby, Aiden, or Robbie?

&&

