The All Day Girls (Part 1 and 2)

Author: JeffreyStein

*000*2013-08-25 11:36

Hi guys !

I am new as a member on this forum, though I have been reading, viewing and enjoying its content for quite a long time now \^^/

Anyways, as a first thread, I wanted to share with you a whole series I particularly like, originally written by Paul Tester and posted on the now long disappeared "Thomas' Water Page". I will post today the first and second parts, and the thirteen others if you want to know what happens next !

==========

Part one : Erica's Introduction

Erica had always been aware that her bladder was capacious, but had never really bothered about it until she was 13 and went to boarding school in East Anglia. During the first term her class had gone on a coach outing to London when they had been caught in a huge traffic jam on the M25. This resulted in the two hour journey taking over three hours. When they had arrived at the Museum, many of the girls, including her best friend Joan, were absolutely desperate for a loo. Joan was so bad she had to keep pressing her hand between her legs as she walked from the coach, and she was not the only one doing this.

As there was such a scramble to get in the loos, Erica did not bother to go then, nor did she join the queue to go before they were leaving, confiding in Joan that she could easily wait all day if she had to, and often did just because she could not be bothered to walk to the loo. Sometime later Joan told her elder sister Karen, who was in the 6th form, about Erica's amazing ability to wait all day. Karen knew there was an exclusive secret society of senior girls who could last all day without having a pee. Karen had struggled to join these "All-Day Girls", and she had finally made it the previous summer, but was right at the limit of her capacity.

One of the aims of the All Day Girls was to look for other girls with abnormal capacity, either large or small, so Karen reported her sister's comments at the next All Day Girls meeting. These girls suspected that Erica was too young to be able to wait, but told Karen to further question her sister, and see if there was definite evidence that Erica could wait all day. Joan confirmed that on the day's outing Erica had waited from 8 am to 7 pm without showing any sign of discomfort, and she was not given to idle boasting, so Joan had no reason to doubt her claim to be able to wait all day. On this evidence, Karen invited both Erica and Joan to her study and tentatively brought up the topic of having to wait ages to go to the loo. Erica took the bait.

"I'm lucky about that," she said, " because I hardly even want to go at all. I go night and morning, and I often do not even need to do that, but just go out of habit. I haven't wanted to go badly for years, no since I was tiny."

She continued, "Sometimes I feel that I am a bit of a freak, never wanting to go like the other girls in my class do. When the coach was stuck in traffic, and Joan and others were getting really desperate, I began crossing my legs and acting bursting, so as to be the same as the rest of the class. If there hadn't been such a scrum for the loos, I would have joined the rush, but it would have been unfair to have deprived someone really bad from a loo."

Karen then told Erica about the secret group of All Day Girls, and asked if she was interested in meeting them and proving her capacity. Erica agreed, and was invited to meet three of the other All Day Girls, where they explained the rules to her. She had to last from 7 am to 10 pm without a pee, while still drinking the prescribed quantity of liquids throughout the day. Two mugs of coffee or tea at breakfast, one at mid-morning and mid-afternoon, a glass of water at lunch and dinner and another coffee after dinner; a total of 3.5 pints throughout the day. To make sure she did not cheat, she had to wear a tight pair of shorts under her knickers, the waist string of the shorts being sealed so she could not take them down in secret.

"No problem!" said Erica, "When do you want me to do it?"

Her attempt was arranged for the next day she did not have any games, when the special shorts would have been seen. Joan witnessed her putting the shorts on at 7 am, and sealed the waist string. One of the members checked the seal before lessons, and Erica had to sneak a visit to the study of Pauline, leader of the All Day Girls, just before going to bed at 10 pm. Several other All Day Girls were also there, and were amazed to find the Erica seemed quite comfortable and relaxed, not frantic and about to wet her knickers as they had imagined. Erica admitted to feeling full but not that uncomfortable, and prepared to repeat the performance whenever she had to.

===

Part two : Rising to the challenge

The next weekend Erica was invited to Pauline's study to meet all the members, all of whom were at least 3 years older than her. The ease with which she had waited was a topic of conversation, and while some of the older member had managed as easily, others had been at bursting point and always struggled to meet the requirements when they had to prove their capacity each term, a qualification of membership. Erica suggested that it would not be impossible to wait a full 24 hours if she had to, lasting from 10 pm to 10 pm the next night. Pauline agreed, but wanting to stop Erica from boasting, challenged her to prove it. Put on the spot, Erica hesitated, then agreed to try that night.

When she returned to Pauline's at 10pm that night, she had just squeezed every drop of pee out of her bladder, and was wondering if she had taken on more than she was capable of. After dinner the next day, her bladder was achingly full, and she longed to pee and be comfortable again. She kept her legs tightly crossed throughout prep. time, 7 to 9pm, but her bladder seemed to have stabilised, so when she got to Pauline's at 10pm, she was still in full control, but "dying to go and be able to relax again." As soon as her shorts were verified as dry, and removed, Erica hurried to the nearest loo, returning some time later looking very relieved, admitting, "I was going for ages and I feel so much better now."

Once Erica had shown that it was possible to wait for a full 24 hours, the older All Day Girls had to do the same. Some of the members knew they had no chance, but it was decided to form a super-group of girls who had lasted the full 24 hours. Pauline, as leader, was expected to be among these girls, and new rules were drawn up for the trials. Liquid intake was to remain the same as for the All Day test, but had to be started the day before, so they could not start when dehydrated.

An extra drink at bedtime was added to make the task even more difficult. It was also decided that the girls had to be able to walk about the school until 9.30, thus stopping anyone just making it by staying in their study and holding between their legs for the last hour or two, which had been done by girls trying to join the original group. Erica repeated the test under these rules, and passed again, though she wanted to go rather more badly at the end, crossing her legs and holding her aching, bursting, bladder at the end.

Six other girls, including Pauline, all in the 6th form, also passed the new test. Two others, including the only fourth year member, just managed to wait the 24 hours, but were disqualified as they constantly twisting their legs together and doubling over during the last hour, and several times had to sit down and either hold between their legs or sit on their heel. Both were allowed a second attempt a week later, when Diana, the fourth year, passed, though she was obviously desperate at the end and almost ran to the loo when her shorts were removed. Afterwards she admitted that she had been practising all week, and had never been to the loo until she had been absolutely desperate. She was convinced that it was possible to train a bladder to greater capacity by constantly stretching it to the limit.

*002*2013-08-25 13:14

Thanks ola93 ! All the glory & thanks is to Paul Tester though ;)

I will wait a few days before the next chapters, giving time to the others to read those firsts !

