The Crash Site

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-09-20 05:01

It feels like ages since I've written anything! I thought I'd try something with characters a bit less blatantly sympathetic than I usually make them :) Enjoy!

###

Ruth Bindle stared through the windshield and ground her teeth. Carter Worthington balanced easily on his crutches on the sidewalk, chatting with friends as if he had all the time in the world, not like Ruth was waiting to drive him home out of the goodness of her heart.

After another minute, Ruth punched the horn impatiently. Carter lazily turned his head toward her and rolled his eyes. Looking back at his friends, he said something that Ruth couldn’t hear, but she was sure it was nothing complimentary. He paused to listen to their laughter a moment too long, just to show Ruth that she couldn’t order him around, then hopped over to the car and opened the door.

“What’s the rush, Bindle?” Carter smirked. “We both know you don’t have any social engagements to get to.”

Ruth sniffed haughtily as she put the car in drive. “I have to drop my acceptance response to Dartmouth at the post office. If I want to get it out today, we have to get there by 3:30.”

Carter cringed ever so slightly. “You gonna drop me off first?”

“Not since you kept me waiting, no. The post office is on the other side of town; if I take you back, I might not make it in time.”

Carter shifted in his seat. “Fine. Just make it fast.”

Ruth glared in his direction, but didn’t say anything. She knew plenty of girls would relish the chance to drive Carter around, but Ruth had the misfortune of living next door to him. Their mothers were old friends, so when Carter had totaled his car 3 weeks prior, it was never seriously considered that anyone else would drive him to and from school.

Carter’s accident had been way worse than his current blasé attitude would indicate. He’s spun out on some late-January black ice while driving home from grabbing dinner after basketball practice, wrapping his Benz around a utility pole. Despite a broken ankle, three fractured ribs, multiple facial lacerations, and a concussion resulting in a 3-day coma, Carter somehow managed to return to school just as much of an arrogant prick as ever.

Ruth had worried about Carter while he was in the hospital. Though they all but avoided each other now, they’d grown up together, attending the same schools their entire lives. She’d even considered pitying him when he hobbled out his front door earlier that day to return to school for the first time since the accident, his face still marred with scabs and bruises, his crutch-aided gait far more awkward than his typical athletic saunter. But then, he’d slid into the car without so much as a “Thanks for doing this,” instead opting for a caustic remark about her hairstyle, and Ruth concluded that she didn’t feel bad for him at all. She only hoped that his leg healed and the insurance check came through before she had to spend too much time with him.

Now, later that afternoon, Carter sat in the passenger seat, earbuds in, deliberately not looking at Ruth. Though, Ruth thought, sneaking a glance in his direction, “sat” was a bit of an overstatement. Carter was shifting back and forth, constantly adjusting position. Ruth wondered how long it had been since Carter had been a passenger in someone else’s car instead of driving himself.

Of course, Carter’s discomfort had nothing to do with his place on the right side of the car.

He had to pee.

Carter’s first day back at school had gone about as well as he would have hoped for. Teachers went easy on him, their eyes full of sympathy at each glimpse of his yet-unhealed face. Girls leaned in eagerly at the lunch table to hear his every description of the accident, and his teammates were more than willing to help carry his books and help him get around.

But there had been one part of the day that Carter hadn’t planned on. How was he going to use the bathroom? He didn’t have the balance yet to stand at the urinal, and situating himself in the stall would likely take more time than the break between classes would allow. And he wouldn’t even consider letting his friends help with that.

So here he sat, in Ruth’s car, trying not to squirm too noticeably. He was sure he could make it until she took him home, but it wasn’t going to be an easy trip.

Ruth and Carter remained determinedly silent as they made their way across town to the post office. Ruth didn’t say a word as she opened the door to run her acceptance letter into the branch, but she did leave the car running so Carter wouldn’t freeze in the cold February afternoon.

Carter took advantage of her absence to grasp at his crotch. He still wasn’t quite at his limit, but the cast on his right leg prevented him from sitting in a position sufficient for holding. He squeezed himself for a few moments, adding a sense of control to his bladder to get him through the rest of the ride home.

Ruth returned in a minute, still silent as she pulled out of the parking lot. She was no longer paying any attention to Carter whatsoever, so she didn’t notice when his breathing increased.

Carter’s heart rate had spiked as soon as Ruth had turned out of the post office. She had turned left. Left could only mean one thing. The route she was taking back to their street would take him past the spot of his accident, a road he hadn’t driven down since the crash.

The buildings along the road blurred together as Carter’s eyes unexpectedly filled with tears. He unconsciously gripped the armrest, his knuckles white. They were only minutes away.

A low whine escaped from Carter’s throat. Misinterpreting the sound, Ruth scoffed. “For God’s sake, Carter, you’ll get home 15 minutes later than you expected. Relax.”

Carter barely heard her. The site of his crash was less than a half mile ahead, and his mind flooded with images from that night. The snow. The streetlights. The spin-out…

“No…” Carter whimpered, “No no no…”

Stunned by the fear in Carter’s voice, Ruth snapped her head around to look at him, and was greeted with the sight of Carter’s pale, sweaty form, clutching desperately at his seat belt, eyes squeezed shut.

“Shit!” Ruth cried, pulling into a strip mall just past the location of Carter’s accident. She threw the car into park and turned toward her classmate.

“Carter!” she called, trying to urge him back to reality. “Carter!”

But Carter was too far gone, lost in all-to-real images of his car revolving out of control, slamming into the utility pole – the screeching tires, the splintering wood, the crunching metal.

Ruth grimaced worriedly. “Come on, man,” she pleaded.

Still clinging to his seat belt, pressing his body against the seat, Carter didn’t open his eyes. “No no no…” he trembled.

“Carter, it’s OK, you’re…” Ruth’s voice broke off with a gasp as she stared at her passenger.

A dark stain had blossomed on Carter’s lap, spreading outward across the crotch of his gray sweatpants. He wasn’t just having a panic attack; he was actually peeing his pants.

Floored and flustered by the sight of an 18-year-old boy having an accident in front of her, Ruth straightened. Then, without a second thought, reached out and slapped Carter across the face.

Carter yelped at the contact, shuddering with shock. He turned to glare at Ruth, but was stopped with a sudden awareness of his surroundings. He was in Ruth’s car, not his own. The car was stopped, not spinning. It was light outside, not dark.

And he was peeing in the seat.

Carter inhaled sharply, but was powerless to stop the ill-timed release of his bladder. Still shaking with residual adrenaline from the flashback, his muscles wouldn’t respond to his mind’s desperate pleas to stop the accident. He couldn’t so much as move his legs together; all he could do was watch helplessly as he soaked through pants, urine seeping into the fabric beneath his legs.

Ruth could do nothing but watch in astonishment as Carter Worthington, athletic god of their high school, continued to wet himself all over the seat of her car.

Head down, Carter’s breathing and heart rate finally slowed in time with the diminishing trickle in his lap. For a moment, the car was utterly silent.

Ruth let out a deep breath, releasing the worry and utter shock of the past few minutes. “Are you…”

“Fine,” Carter snapped, trying to mask his mortification.

Ruth clenched her jaw and shifted the car into drive. “Fine, then.”

Carter finally let go of his seat belt, fruitlessly trying to regain some semblance of dignity. He forced a smirk, glancing sideways at Ruth.

“I bet you’re loving this,” he sneered, forcing back a tremor in his voice. “You can add ‘nurse for the pitiful injured’ to your list of community service activities.”

At these words, Ruth slammed in the breaks, stopping before they were out of the parking lot.

“Oooooo-kay,” she hissed, squaring her shoulders. “Let’s get one thing straight.” She glowered at Carter, whose cheeks flushed with frustration and embarrassment.

“I am not enjoying one second of this,” Ruth continued venomously. “If I had my way, I wouldn’t have to so much as see the back of your head until graduation. I’m not loving having to drive you around, I’m not loving your snarky, ungrateful insults. I can’t. Fucking. Stand you,” she clipped out, punctuating each word with a pointed finger. “You’re a terrible, selfish person. I thought that having a near-death experience would have given you perspective, but no. You’re still just as much of an asshole as you were before!”

Carter grunted, but couldn’t think of a response. He was acutely aware of the weight of his mess, pressing down on his legs.

“I’m sure you have no concept of the idea of human decency, but I agreed to drive you because it’s the right fucking thing to do,” Ruth ranted. “It makes things easy on your parents, and it’s not physically any burden on me. Mentally, though…” she fumed.

“Point taken, Bindle,” Carter interrupted darkly. “Save your feminist rants for the debate team. I just want to get home.”

“Gladly,” Ruth snapped.

Both teens, unbeknownst to each other, trembled on the drive home: Ruth, with indignant frustration at Carter’s presumption, and Carter with anxious humiliation.

As she reached Carter’s house, Ruth turned into his driveway rather than stopping in front, as she had that morning.

“What are you doing?” Carter asked, mildly incredulous.

Ruth rolled her eyes exaggeratedly. “I’m pulling around to the back, so you don’t have to go up the front path where everyone can see.” Her expression was annoyed, but her tone was gentler than it had been so far.

Carter flushed at the unexpected kindness as Ruth parked behind his house. He grabbed his crutches, but didn’t reach for the door. He inhaled deeply.

“I do it on purpose,” he mumbled.

Eyebrows raised, Ruth looked quizzically in his direction, glancing down at the wet stain on his pants. “You…what?”

Carter followed her gaze and his cheeks darkened even further. “No, not…” he stammered. He breathed again, trying to steady himself. “Being an asshole. I do it on purpose.”

Ruth kept her face skeptical. “So you deliberately treat people horribly?”

Carter tensed defensively. “Yes, Bindle,” he muttered.

Part of Ruth really didn’t want to let the conversation continue, but her curiosity at Carter’s admission won out. “Why?”

Carter sighed sharply, annoyed that Ruth didn’t seem to understand. “Because!” he cried, “It’s all I have left.”

Ruth rolled her eyes again at this apparent exaggeration. “You’re right, Carter. All you have in this world is your shitty attitude,” she remarked, dripping with sarcasm.

“Damnit, Ruth!” Carter snapped. Ruth blinked; it had been years since he’d used her first name.

“I lost a lot in that crash! I lost my car, I can’t play basketball, I might not be able to play baseball in the spring, which means I’m not hanging out with my teammates after school…” he trailed off, unable to keep projecting his fear as anger.

“So I hang on to, you know, how I acted before,” he went on, softly. “So I can pretend that not everything has changed. So no one treats me like everything changed. I still act like a…”

“Arrogant prick?” Ruth supplied.

“I was gonna say jerk, but thanks for the vocabulary,” Carter grumbled.

Ruth exhaled slowly, closing her eyes to gather her thoughts. Carter’s explanation made sense, but she didn’t want to get sucked into pitying a guy who treated her (and plenty of other people) like crap, no matter his excuse.

“Whatever, Carter. I can handle it.” she replied.

Carter slumped forward. He wasn’t sure what he had expected from Ruth, but he wasn’t a share-your-feelings type of guy, so he’d kind of hoped for a more sympathetic response.

“Yeah, well…” he gulped. “I’m sorry for…you know…” he looked again at the large, dark patch on his pants, blushing.

Ruth softened slightly at this partial apology. “Don’t worry about it,” she responded. “You were obviously having a flashback of some sort. I didn’t think before driving you past where you crashed. I’m sure it was just a one-time thing.”

To Ruth’s dismay, Carter shivered noticeably. He pressed his lips together, hot tears filling his eyes. “It’s…it’s not…” he whimpered shakily.

“Carter?” Under other circumstances, Ruth would have been far more skeptical of his reaction, but she didn’t think Carter was near a good enough actor to fake the trembling chin he had now. “It was just an accident…right?”

Bright red spots stood out on Carter’s pale cheeks. “I…when I was…” he took a deep breath, not entirely sure of why he was still talking.

“After I woke up in the hospital,” he began, “I wanted to prove that I was fine, that I could just go home. So one day, when my parents weren’t there, I had to…” Carter seemed unable to utter any words that directly related to urination, not with his own piss still soaked into the pants he was wearing. “I thought it would be fine, so I got up and tried to walk to the bathroom.”

Ruth didn’t interrupt; she just stared at Carter, incredulous that he was still talking.

“But I got dizzy,” Carter continued, face still red. “And I slid down against the wall.” He stopped, keeping his eyes down.

“Couldn’t…” Ruth murmured, captivated by this show of vulnerability. “Couldn’t you call one of the nurses?”

Carter shook his head slightly. “They heard me fall, but by the time they got in the room, I was already…” A tear slipped down his cheek at the humiliating memory. He cleared his throat forcefully. “So they just…waited for me to…and then helped clean me up,” he finished, trailing off into a whisper.

“Carter…” Ruth spoke softly, understanding how belittling it must feel for someone like Carter to wet himself in front of people. “I know it’s embarrassing, but the first time, you had just woken up from a terrible car crash. And this time, you weren’t even really aware. It was like a panic attack or something.” She looked at Carter earnestly. “You’re already getting better physically, and you’ll learn to deal with driving down that road. This isn’t something you have to worry about.”

Carter’s face fell even further, crumpling into near-sobs. He knew Ruth was trying to help, but she still didn’t know the whole story. In for a penny…

“I wet the bed,” he mumbled. “Almost every night since the crash.”

Ruth barely recognized the slouched, tear-stained young man sitting next to her. Maybe the crash had affected Carter more than she admitted.

“Hey,” she spoke soothingly. “Carter…” She started to reach for him, but held back.

“It’ll be OK,” she insisted. “Remember, you’re only three weeks out from a life-threatening set of injuries. You’re bound to have some psychological wounds, too, but those will heal, just like your ankle and your ribs and the cut on your face.”

Carter shrugged, unsure of how to conclude this wildly uncomfortable conversation he’d started.

Ruth sighed. “Look,” she said pointedly. “I’m not gonna pretend that I can fix this for you, or that I particularly relish the idea of helping you.”

Carter snorted. “So glad we’re having this talk, then.”

“But I understand how hard this must be for you,” Ruth continued, ignoring him. “So, in acknowledgement that you have quite enough to be dealing with for the time being, I hereby promise not to yell at you for your attitude. You can be a dick to me as much as you want, if that makes you feel better.”

It was an unconventional gift, but Carter looked up shyly. “And you…” he hesitated. “You won’t…”

Ruth’s face was a mix of exasperation and amusement. “Of course I won’t tell anyone,” she promised softly. “I’m a decent human being, remember?”

Carter tried to smile in return, but the combination of his flashbacks and his accident proved too exhausting.

He reached for the door and clambered his way out of the car. “I’ll come over later to clean…”

Ruth waved him off. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll wipe down the seat myself.”

Blushing, Carter nodded. “Thanks, Bindle.”

Positioning his backpack and crutches, he hobbled to the backdoor, drained but impatient to change out of his wet, sticky clothes.

Ruth watched him close the door, then sighed heavily as she turned the car around. She didn’t trust Carter’s gratefulness to last very long, but she intended to keep her promise of enduring any insults and attitude without complaint. It wasn’t like she expected them to become best friends after this or anything; Carter was probably going to go right back to acting like she didn’t exist, doing his best to act like this afternoon had never happened. And Ruth didn’t really mind.

Because she would always have the memory of Carter Worthington, wetting his pants, right in front of her.

*008*2015-09-24 00:57

{{: 

This was a great read, thank you :)

}}

Thanks for commenting!

{{: 

Really liked this! An interesting pair of characters. I wouldn't mind getting to know them better.

}}

{{: 

Indeed!

}}

I very rarely conceive of stories beyond a single scene (my imagination has a very short attention span!), but since you asked, I've thought of a few extensions. I won't have a ton of time for the next few weeks, but I'll try to get the next chapters posted sometime next month.

{{: 

<3

}}

{{: 

So good! Loved it!

}}

<3 you both :) I'm so grateful for all your kind words!

{{: 

Excellent writing! Let me ask this, since how long have you been writing ? I mean how much experience and body of work do you have behind yourself?

}}

I've always loved reading and writing, but I can't really say I have a body of work. I scribbled down some omo stories in notebooks (that I *hope* my mom never saw!) when I was in middle school, but other than that, everything that I've actually committed to paper, as it were, is on here!

{{: 

I really encourage you to write a follow up story to this. Characters are a bit cliche, but I really enjoyed it.

}}

Not gonna lie, it totally stung to read "cliche," but you're totally right! They're pretty blatant stereotypes. I can't promise they'll get any better in the rest of the story, but I'll try not to include an excess of descriptive tropes :)

*010*2015-09-28 01:33

{{: 

Well hey, cliche doesn't have to a bad thing! I enjoy them sometimes. You made them great in this story. I wouldn't mind seeing a bit of role reversal. Ruth, the slightly nerdy, take control over Carter.

}}

I'm planning on including a *bit* of that. I picture her as not one to take any of his crap! It'll be a few weeks before I have time to write, though, so don't hold your breath :)

*014*2015-10-09 01:20

{{: 

I always come back to read this and I love it so much. I'd love to see a sequel and an exploration on Carter's character more! x

}}

You're so kind! I almost certainly won't get the next chapter done this weekend, but should definitely have it finished by next. Currently, I have 3 more chapters planned :)

*015*2015-10-19 02:40

Chapter 2! I should get parts 3 and 4 (and maybe 5, if I can think of a good way to end this) up a lot faster. Thank you all so much for the positive feedback so far! Enjoy!

###

Carter’s phone buzzed on Friday evening. Barely glancing down, he pulled on his letterman’s jacket, grabbed his crutches, and headed toward the door.

“How late will you be?” Ruth called from the kitchen table, hunched over her homework.

“Dunno,” Carter yelled back, “Sometime after the game. I’ll probably go out with the guys.” He smirked in her direction. “Don’t worry Bindle, I won’t keep you up too late. I know you need your beauty sleep.”

Ruth refused to deign that with as response. She jumped slightly as Carter slammed the door behind him, settling the house into silence.

Carter’s parents were out of town for a conference. They hadn’t been comfortable with leaving Carter completely on his own, but the housekeeper didn’t work weekends. On Wednesday morning, Adelaide Worthington had met Ruth at the curb and asked if she’d be willing to spend the weekend with Carter.

“He doesn’t need any medical care!” Adelaide had promised urgently. “We’d just feel much better if someone was there in case, just in case! We’ll pay you, of course, and leave money for you two to order in.”

Ruth had smiled benevolently; of course she would stay with Carter. It would be no trouble at all. And really, living next door meant that she could always run home if she needed anything, and she knew that Carter would want to avoid her as much as she did him.

Sure enough, Carter hadn’t looked pleased at all when Ruth walked through the door on Friday afternoon with her overnight bag.

“Ash is picking me up at 6 to go to the game,” he’d scowled, turning away before Ruth was even across the threshold.

“That’s fine,” Ruth responded with a closed-lipped smile. “I’ll be here if you need anything.”

Carter’s lip curled at her blatantly condescending tone, but he didn’t reply. In fact, neither of them spoke another word until Carter walked out the door.

Now, as he hobbled into the school gym, Carter felt himself relax. This was where he belonged: with his friends and teammates at the basketball game on a Friday night. He couldn’t play, of course, but the team had arranged for him to walk out and sit on the bench for his first game out of the hospital since the crash. He couldn’t play, obviously, but he wore his jersey and warm-up pants over his cast.

Sitting in the locker room, Carter watched as his teammates bounced around him, psyching themselves up for the game. The coach walked through the door and signaled for everyone to calm down.

“Tonight’s a special night!” Coach barked. “We have one of our own back with us. Carter,” Coach placed his hand on Carter’s shoulder, “it’s damn good to have you in the locker room again, son. I know I speak for everyone in here when I say that this team just didn’t feel whole without you.”

Carter tried to look cool, but he was genuinely touched to see the nods of affirmation from his teammates.

“Since it’s a home game,” Wes, Carter’s co-captain, began, “we thought you could lead us out onto the court, man.”

With a slight smile, Carter nodded confidently. “Yeah, bro. Let’s do this.”

The team whooped as Carter hauled himself to his feet and hobbled toward the locker room door. He could hear the team’s entrance track playing over the gym speakers and couldn’t help but grin. His adrenaline was pumping, and he rocked back and forth on his crutches, raring to enter the gym.

The chorus of the entrance track started, the cheerleaders pulled open the doors, and Carter led his team through with a roar, relishing the cheers and applause from the crowd.

The game began, and Carter settled onto the bench to watch his teammates. As he sat down and the adrenaline subsided a bit, however, he noticed a slight fullness in his bladder. He shifted with annoyance at the realization, but the games rarely last over 90 minutes; he’d be fine.

It was an odd feeling for Carter, watching the game from the bench. He’d been a starter, playing more minutes than anyone else on the team. If Coach did pull him out, it was never for long. Now, as good as it felt to be back at a game, Carter couldn’t shake a niggling sense of wrongness, as if sitting on the bench just emphasized his brokenness.

At halftime, the home team was up by 4 in a tight game. Hobbling to the locker room with the team, Carter winced at the jostling to his bladder. Sitting was fine, though, so as soon as he settled himself on the bench to listen to Coach’s midgame adjustments, he was able to relax a bit.

The rest of the game was close and exciting. Carter found himself wrapped up in the action, screaming encouragement to his teammates, calling out suggestions to the ones on the bench. When Wes drained a last-second 3-pointer to win, the gym erupted with elation, and for a moment, Carter completely forgot about the crash, his broken bones, and his now nearly-full bladder.

The excitement-enhanced amnesia didn’t last for long, however, and by the time the team jubilantly headed back to the locker room, Carter had to actively clench his pelvic muscles. In the locker room, he barely acknowledged the cheers and high-fives of his teammates as he made his was across to the toilet stall.

Pathetically grateful to finally be able to pee, Carter hobbled into the lone cubicle, slamming the door indelicately behind him. The pressure in his bladder spiked, and he reached down over his crutches to grasp himself. Without the grip of his hand, the crutch slipped, falling forward. Reflexively, Carter reached out for it, but the stretch sent an agonizing jolt through his broken ribs.

Stunned by the pain, Carter momentarily lost control of his bladder. A long, warm spurt leaked into his briefs, soaking a significant wet patch through the crotch.

Carter gasped and clenched his sphincter to stop the flow. He felt an uncomfortable trickle down his left leg (thankfully, not the broken one). Tensing tightly, Carter let his other crutch clatter to the floor. With one hand, he gripped the stability bar on the wall, and yanked down his pants and underwear with the other. Losing his balance, he practically crashed down onto the toilet, barely making it over the bowl before he started going again.

Head hanging, Carter tried to catch his breath. He gingerly grabbed his warm-up pants and was exceedingly grateful to see that no wetness was visible. His underwear was another story, though. The material was soaked through, with the wetness leeching up the front and back.

Carter started to shake as he tried to consider his options. He couldn’t just take off his briefs; he had nowhere to put them, and he couldn’t risk taking them out to the trash where all his teammates might see. If he put them back on, he risked the stain soaking through to his light-blue pants. His briefs obviously weren’t going to dry any time soon.

Defeated, Carter reached for his phone.

“Can u come get me”

Back at the Worthington’s, Ruth jumped slightly when her phone buzzed. Seeing the text from Carter set her mind racing.

“I thought you were going out with the guys after the game.”

Still sitting in the stall, Carter cringed at Ruth’s response. She was his only hope.

“I’ll b at the back entrance in 10”

Ruth inhaled deeply. Why would Carter want her to come get him? Was he hurt? Why wouldn’t he want to hang out with his friends? What possible situation could have arisen that made her look like the preferable option?

“Fine.” she texted back, already grabbing her coat. An unlikely, intrusive thought entered her head. What if…what if Carter had wet himself again? Is that why he wasn’t staying with his friends, asking her to meet at the back entrance of the school? Ruth felt a strange sensation deep in her abdomen as she headed out to the car.

Back in the locker room bathroom, Carter let out a relieved breath upon receiving Ruth’s response. Grimacing at the cooling, damp material, he pulled his underwear back on, carefully arranging his pants to minimize contact with the wetness. He grabbed his crutches, straightened his shoulders, and opened the stall door.

“Dude!” called Asher, the junior shooting guard, grinning with residual excitement from the win. “We thought you drowned in there!”

With a practiced smirk, Carter hobbled back out into the locker room. “You try wetting with one good leg and three broken ribs,” he shot back. “Some of us actually care about making it into the bowl!”

The team laughed, and the matter was dropped. “You coming to Barkley’s with us?” Wes asked.

Carter’s stomach clenched as he prepared the lie. “Nah,” he answered in an easy tone, “Bindle’s demanding my presence back home. She probably thinks we’re gonna spend all weekend hanging out together!”

“Blow her off!” Wes cried. “One of us will take you home later.”

“I wish,” Carter was prepared for that response. “You know she’s the type who would literally lock me out of my own house if I don’t do what she says.”

The guys responded with generally disparaging noises, but no one really argued. It briefly occurred to Carter that maybe they were relieved not to have to be slowed down by his injuries all night.

“Another time, man,” Wes said, patting Carter’s shoulder. “When you’re not being monitored by Ruth-zilla!”

Then, with barely another word, the locker room slowly emptied out, the guys all heading off in different directions. Carter tried to block out the excited chatter about their respective plans for the night as he hopped toward the back entrance.

He looked out at the near-deserted parking lot and let out a decidedly uncool sigh of relief when he saw Ruth’s car pull up to the sidewalk.

“I’m not your chauffeur, you know,” Ruth derided as Carter clambered into the passenger seat.

“Jesus, Bindle, relax,” Carter sneered, slipping easily into the role of antagonist. Anything to take his mind off the cool stickiness pressing against his groin. “I thought I was being nice. Damn. Coming home early so you wouldn’t have to stay up late waiting for me or anything.”

Ruth refused to consider that’s what had actually happened. “I’m touched by your concern,” she deadpanned. “Your selflessness astounds me.”

Carter snorted, but didn’t respond. The sooner he got home and up to his own room, the better.

Out of the corner of her eye, Ruth saw Carter squirm in his seat. The movement was unconscious; Carter was really trying his best to sit still, but the discomfort of his clammy underwear resulted in minor shifting.

Ruth swallowed a gasp. She tried to tell herself that it was highly unlikely that Carter had actually had another accident, but she couldn’t help but imagine that he was writhing against pee-soaked pants…

They completed the rest of the ride home in characteristic silence. Carter knew that his wet underwear were pressed against the seat of his pants. He could only hope that the wetness didn’t leak through too much before he got home.

When Ruth parked in Carter’s driveway, he grabbed his crutches and slid out of the car, awkwardly trying to keep his back facing away from Ruth. He deliberately stayed behind her as they entered the house.

“Will you be needing anything else?” Ruth asked with mock casualty, setting her purse down on the counter. “You know I’m here to help with anything you need.”

“I’ll be sure to keep that in mind,” Carter muttered, “but I’m just going up to my room.”

As Carter turned to leave, Ruth’s breath caught in her throat; there was a small but unmistakable wet stain peeking out on the back of Carter’s pants.

“You did wet your pants!” she gasped.

Carter froze. “I…what? No!”

“Carter,” Ruth began, drawing in a big breath and doing her best to look authoritative. Her face was calm, but her heart was racing at the prospect of Carter wetting himself again. Seizing onto his hesitation, she pushed for more information. “What happened? Did you have another flashback? You shouldn’t have driven by the crash site, so what was the trigger? If this is something that’s happening regularly…”

“I didn’t…no…it’s not…” Carter stammered helplessly. He was totally unprepared to defend himself against Ruth’s observation.

“Has this happened other times?” Ruth went on. “Is there a potential physical cause? Did the doctor’s say anything about incontinence?”

“I’m not incontinent!” Carter cried, blushing furiously.

Ruth tilted her head condescendingly. “So that’s not urine on your pants?”

“It’s…I just…”

“Carter,” Ruth cooed, “it’s okay! You’re still healing, and tonight was your first night out. It’s not surprising that you had an accident.”

“I didn’t pee my pants!” Carter exclaimed frantically, choking out the words.

Ruth raised her eyebrows like a preschool teacher catching a 3-year-old in a lie. She didn’t say anything.

“I just…” Carter’s face was crimson. “…leaked.”

Her stomach fluttered at the admission, but Ruth kept her face neutral. “I see. Do you still need to go now?”

“No!” Carter huffed petulantly, glaring.

“Fine,” Ruth said, still sounding very school-marm-ish. She didn’t want to let the conversation go, though, so she switched tactics. “Will you need any help changing your sheets?”

“What?!” Carter couldn’t believe how this evening had gone downhill. All he wanted was to go to his room and forget it ever happened.

“Honestly, Carter,” Ruth sighed, shaking her head, “you already told me that you wet the bed. I figured changing the sheets might be hard on crutches.”

Carter had nearly forgotten sharing that particular piece of information. Stupid, stupid! “No.”

“No?” Ruth repeated innocently. “You don’t need my help? You can change the sheets yourself?”

“I don’t…” Carter was stammering again. “I don’t change the sheets…”

“You can’t sleep in wet sheets,” Ruth declared. “That’s so unsani...”

“Stop it, Bindle!” Carter clenched his fists, desperate to regain an ounce of dignity and get out of this conversation.

Ruth snapped her mouth shut, but stared intensely, as if challenging Carter to say something worthy of her silence.

Carter closed his eyes for a moment, trying to catch his breath and decide what to say next. “Can you…” He really, really didn’t want to have to share any more of his humiliating medical information with her. “Can you just let it go?”

Ruth inhaled deeply, preparing to respond, but Carter cut her off. “Bindle, give it a rest.” He was angry, embarrassed, and still uncomfortable with the damp fabric of his underwear pressing against his skin. “I know my parents are paying you to be here, but you’re not my nurse.”

Ruth flinched at the mention of payment, and Carter was emboldened by her hesitation. “You’re just here to make my parents feel comfortable about leaving. You can tell yourself whatever you need to make you feel better about your sad, loser life, but I don’t need you.”

“I guess you would’ve just found another way home, then,” Ruth sneered. “With wet pants,” she added viciously.

Carter’s eyes darkened. “Fuck off, Bindle.”

And with that, he turned and hobbled up the stairs to his room. Ruth watched him go, trying not to stare at the wet spot on his pants.

*019*2015-10-21 01:38

{{: 

I really enjoy reading this story! Not to sound annoying or anything but when do you plan to have the next chapter up? This is really good!

}}

This weekend is the plan! I'm trying to decide where to split the next two chapters (and what to do for the fifth/final chapter). So glad you like it!

*021*2015-10-25 02:22

Short chapter this week. I contemplated adding the next scene, but I decided that scene worked better with the next chapter, which I hope to post next weekend. As always, thank you all so much for your comments and views!

###

Carter stormed into his room, but didn’t slam the door, oddly cognizant of not giving Bindle another example of childishness. Shaking, he started the protracted process of taking a shower.

In the bathroom, Carter grimaced as he peeled down his wet underwear. He struggled with the waterproof cover for his cast before settling himself on the plastic stool his parents had placed in his shower. Turning the temperature up to scalding, he set about scrubbing away the horror of the evening.

Back downstairs, Ruth tried to keep her hands from shaking as she gathered her homework and made her way into the guest bedroom. She sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, trying to gather her thoughts.

What was it about seeing Carter with wet pants? She couldn’t stop thinking about his accident in her car on Monday and imagining the events of tonight that led to him “leaking,” as he had put it. Had he resorted to holding himself? Had he leaked a little bit over time, or was it one, big spurt? Unconsciously, Ruth began writhing on the bed, gently grinding her hips into the mattress, imagining Carter squirming with desperation on the bleachers.

Ruth’s breath caught and her eyes flew open. Blushing, she furtively looked toward the bedroom door. It was open, but she could still hear the shower running upstairs. With a deep breath, she stood up, posture overly straight, and closed the door gently, promising herself that she wouldn’t think about Carter wetting himself anymore tonight.

Upstairs, Carter reached to turn off the shower. His skin was red from the heat, and steam filled the bathroom, but he felt a bit better. He grabbed his towel and dried off as best he could before hauling himself to his feet.

In his room, Carter scowled as he pulled the white, plastic bag out from under his bed. After two wet nights in a row in the hospital, the nurses had started putting him in protection at night. Though he made remarkably progress in those three weeks, he still couldn’t stay dry in his sleep by the time he was otherwise ready to go home. So, in addition to the medications, crutches, and directions for care, the nurses had handed his parents a big, humiliating package of diapers (“Nighttime briefs,” the nurse had called them, like that made it any better).

Carter carefully pulled a diaper out of the plastic packaging and slid it over his legs. He knew his door was closed and locked, but wearing a pull-up felt fundamentally different, knowing his sanctimonious classmate was in the house. It was barely 10 o’clock, so he wasn’t ready to sleep just yet, but he knew he wasn’t going to leave his room, and, if he was being honest, he was still unnerved from his near-miss in the locker room.

Under normal circumstances, he would go to the basement to watch TV or play video games, but Carter didn’t feel like risking running into Bindle again. Instead, he pulled out his iPad and climbed into bed to watch movies. He tried to ignore the soft crinkling of his diaper.

###

The car was skidding…He turned the wheel and slammed on the breaks, but the car started to spin…He could hear the tires squealing…The car was hurtling toward the utility pole…

Carter sat bolt upright in bed, shocking himself out of the nightmare. His heart was racing, low whines escaping his throat.

In the next moment, he realized that he was peeing into his pull-up. Just as he started to submit to the humiliation of using a diaper as a senior in high school, another feeling struck him: a warm feeling of wetness on his thighs.

Startled, Carter clenched his muscles to stop the flow of urine. Timidly, he reached down between his legs, moaning quietly at the discovery.

His diaper was totally saturated. Noting the uncomfortable fullness of his bladder, Carter realized that he must have wet himself earlier in the night. (In reality, he’d fallen asleep without going to the bathroom. Not only had he wet completely once, he’d leaked several times throughout the night.)

He was tired. He was so tired, and scared from his nightmare. His bedside clock read 3:42 AM. Carter carefully felt around the edges of the brief; there were wet spots on both thighs of his pajama pants, and his sheets were already damp.

In the darkness of his room, Carter flushed deeply and hung his head. Not only was he still peeing in his sleep, but he had somehow managed to literally wet the bed, despite wearing a diaper.

His hand still between his legs, Carter became aware of the fact that he was wetting again. His tired muscles weren’t tensed enough to completely hold back the flow, and a small trickle was making its way down his groin.

Carter’s face crumpled. Already mentally and emotionally defeated, he gave up. His body sagged pitifully on the bed as he released the struggling hold on his bladder.

Urine poured out both sides of the overfull protective garment, soaking dark pathway down his thighs and pooling on the sheets underneath him.

A single tear crept down Carter’s cheek. The events of the past week assaulted his mind: he’d pissed himself in front of Bindle, he’d leaked in his pants before making it to the bathroom after the game, and now, maybe worst of all, he was kind-of, sort-of on-purpose peeing in bed. Awake. Fully conscious. Going to the bathroom, but sitting in bed.

Carter drew in a shaky, noisy breath as he waited for his accident to finish. Sniffling, he wiped his runny nose with the back of his hand, blinking away more tears.

After far too long (seriously, how could he have to go so much in one night??), his bladder was finally empty. The wetness stretched to his knees, and the stain spread out beneath him.

Head down, Carter pulled himself off the bed. He grabbed his crutches and hobbled to the bathroom to get cleaned up.

The dim safety light illuminated the extent of his accident; the entire top half of his pants was soaked, as was the bottom of his t-shirt. Carter’s jaw trembled as he carefully stripped off his clothes, grabbing the vanity for balance.

Now naked, he made his way over to the shower. Slowly, he turned on the faucet, careful to make as little noise as possible, and ran his washcloth under the tap. He was too tired to take a full shower, and the last thing he wanted was to wake Bindle, so he just ran the damp washcloth over his legs and crotch, trying to wipe away the stickiness.

Carter left his soaked clothes on the floor of the bathroom. Hobbling back to his bed, he took stock of the damage. He knew he didn’t have the energy to change the sheets, much less the focus to do it quietly, but the wet spot was too big to sleep around. His parents had fitted a waterproof sheet on his bed before he'd returned from the hospital, so at least he didn't have to worry about ruining the mattress.

Sighing, Carter snatched his pillow and the thankfully-dry duvet and dragged them to the floor. Awkwardly but gently, he lowered himself onto the carpet and curled up on his side. He closed his eyes and tried to calm down.

But he didn’t sleep a wink for the rest of the night.

*024*2015-10-26 01:38

{{: 

!!!! Awesome!!!' I love your writing!!! Can't wait to read the next part! (:

}}

I can't tell you how much I appreciate your comments!! At this point, I definitely worry that my stories are getting repetitive, so I'm extra grateful to know that you're still enjoying them :)

{{: 

Once again, I am amazed at how well you portray the emotions of the characters!! Ahhh can't wait till next weekend.

}}

That means so much to me!!! The emotion is the most important part of the story to me, so this is one of the most meaningful compliments ever! I don't know if I've told you yet, but it was your story, Accidents, that finally convinced me to start writing on here. It showed me that there is an audience for original characters with an emotional focus. So really, you're responsible for all my stories on here :)

