Roleplaying on omegle

Author: LoveToDance_22

*000*2013-05-11 15:00

Sorry for the length we got kinda.... Carried away.

I was a babysitter and she was a little girl.

This is unedited SO there are a bit of spelling mistakes.

###

You: (I walk into the room)

Hi amy im ashley ill be your babysitter

Stranger: hii *acts sweet at 1st wait until later*

You: Honey why are you squirming?

Stranger: cause i can! *spits at your face* haha *runs around*

You: HEY YOU LITTTLE BUGGER

You: *I grab your arm*

Stranger: MEEEH!! *tries to get out of you're grip*

You: Lets just watch tv honey.

You: And stop acting bad we have a month together and i WILL spank you

Stranger: HMPH! *crosses arms*

You: Here girl

You: Ill even be nice

You: You dont have to go to bed till 10

You: Deal?

Stranger: deal..

You: Now its already 9.....

You: But WHY ARE YOU SQUIRMING?

Stranger: NO BEDDIE BYE TIME! *runs around the house knocking things over* OR SPANKIE TIME

You: *I grab your arm harder*

You: THATS IT!

Stranger: *growls* LET ME GO you're DUMB!

You: STOP IT NOW

You: *I bend you over*

You: I WILL SPANK YOU

Stranger: *i bite you're leg until u leg go*

Stranger: *let

You: AH

You: *I spank you hard*

Stranger: *cries loudly like a baby* Waaaaah!!!!

You: Bed time

You: NOW

Stranger: NO!

You: *I throw you on the bed.*

You: (Try to take this into the morning so we can do something fun ;D)

Stranger: (( hehe ok :3)) *crying my eyes out*

You: *I close your door*

Goodnight honey.

Stranger: *sniffles,gives the finger while you're not looking*

You: I close my door and go to sleep

Stranger: *falls asleep,now morning* zzzzzzz

You: *I yell for you from downstairs*

You: AMYYYYYY

You: Breakfastttttt

Stranger: *wakes up* hm? okays *i jump from my bed and come down stairs,sees a high chair* whats that for? o.o

You: Sorry girly but your parents said so...

Stranger: whaaaa?! WHYYY? IM NOT A BABY!

You: I know honey......

You: But listen

You: If your nice we can go outside to the pool

You: K?

Stranger: okay.....*slowly comes over*

You: *We eat breakfast*

You: Alright girl.

You: Wanna go to the pool?

Stranger: ya!

You: *I notice you squirming*

Alright but do you have to potty first?

Stranger: no! im fine lets go!

You: Haha okay go upstairs and ill help get your swimsuit on...

Stranger: okays *runs upstairs* X3

You: *I come in your room*

You: Okay pick out your suit.

Stranger: okay :3 *picks a cute princess bikini*

You: *I pull down your pajama pants*

You: Honey your panties are wet.

You: Do you have to go potty?

Stranger: *blushes dark* no

You: Come on to the bathroom.

Stranger: *shakes head no*

You: If you dont wanna be treated like a baby dont act like one.

Stranger: .....meeeh...*heads for the bathroom*

You: *The door is locked*

Stranger: *tries opening it* Its locked!! *trying not to pee* D"X

You: *I notice a slip of pee on your panties*

You: Your a big girl

You: You can hold it.

Stranger: o-ok..*few sec later,pees self* *tries to hide it before i cry*

You: Amy!

Stranger: 3: i-im sorry!

You: The hell!?

Stranger: i couldnt hold it in *cries*

You: Its okay dont cry.....

You: But if your gonna act like a baby...

You: I have to put you in a diaper

Stranger: :o No plz dont!

You: ill think about it in the pool

You: Get your suit on and meet me down there

*I go down to the pool*

Stranger: *follows*

You: Amy

You: Get your suit on

You: NOW

Stranger: *gets it on fast* :3

You: *I open the door to the pool

*

Stranger: *goes in* X3

You: *We stay in for about 3 hours*

You: Alright girly

You: Lets get out.

Stranger: Awee 3: but i love the pool...*peeing in it*

You: AMY!

You: Are you peeing!?

Stranger: No! im just swiming!!

You: No you are not!

You: get out.

You: Your getting in a diaper

Stranger: NOOOO!! I dont want one! im 7! *swims under*

You: *I swim over and grab you and pull you out.*

Stranger: *crying loudly in public* D"X

You: HEY

You: (This is a private pool)

You: Get upstairs NOW

Stranger: (( ohh :p but ppl could be watching from somewhere else)) FINE! *goes upstairs with tears in eyes,whispers ->* bitch...

You: I HEARD THAT

Stranger: I DONT CARE *slams door and locks it*

You: Come on amy.....

You: Just be nice and i wont put you in a diaper alright?

Stranger: ok...but um *blushing* i kinda want one on... (( if this was for real i would want a diaper on :3))

You: Well.....

You: ill think about it JUST COME OUT

You: (Dont worry ill make this really hot)

Stranger: okay *unlocks door,slowly comes out* (( hehe))

You: I have to go to the bathroom real quick okay?

Stranger: okay

You: Can you stay here by yourself for a sec?

Stranger: yesh i can :3

You: OKay......

You: *The door is locked*

AH!

Stranger: *giggles* :3 you're a big girl u can hold it to! :D

You: Well i guess your right....

You: But i have to go pretty bad.

Stranger: u have to hold it *smirks* :3

You: I dont know if i can...

Stranger: fine me just get a diaper for you :3

You: HEY

You: I'm a big girl.

You: I dont need diapers

Stranger: i dont either but u do of course *sees a big pee mark on you're pants* diaper time :)

You: NO

You: Go uh...

You: Its almost 8

You: Go to your room

Stranger: Nah :3 its almost you're bed time *grabs you're hand,takes you to a changing table puts a diaper on u there are no tabs only a lock and i have the key*

You: HEY

You: Go to bed NOW

You: *I grab you*

Stranger: *smacks you're hand* bad baby who's the one in diapers? not me so bed time for you! *takes you and puts you on my bed* nighty night big baby :3 *locks my door shut*

You: *I go to the bed ad slam my door*

Stranger: NO slamming young lady or bad little baby gets a spanking!

Stranger: x3

You: *i go to sleep*

Stranger: *the next day i come in with a bottle* good morning little baby :3 i have a nice bottle ready for you *checks you're diaper*

You: *I am wearing pajama pants*

NO!

You: (Can i be back in control?)

You: Stop it now!

Stranger: (( yea in a sec :3)) *pulls you're pants down* awe u went potty! *changes,you're chance to take control*

You: THATS IT

Stranger: huh?

You: JUST BE NICE

You: ALRIGHT

You: Or ill call your parents

Stranger: nuuuu dont!!!!

You: That what i thought.

You: Now.

You: I unlocked the bathroom.

You: but YOU have to use a diapr

Stranger: but...im not a baby....and the bathroom is unlocked

You: Fine

You: Ill get you dressed

You: Go to your room.

Stranger: okay *goes to my room*

You: *I come in with you.*

You: Alright....

You: We are not going anywere today.

You: So......

You: Just put on new pajamas.

Stranger: okay *puts some new pjs on*

You: Give me your old panties....

Stranger: *gives them*

You: AMY

You: Did you wet yourself?

Stranger: n-no!

You: yes you did!

Stranger: im a good girl im dry!

You: (Can we do a thing were you get sick and wont go to the bathroom?)

You: Just

You: Go play.

Stranger: (( sure)) *coughs,sniffles*

You: Whats wrong/

Stranger: i think im sick

You: Oh great.......

You: Come in my room

You: Ill turn the tv on for you.

Stranger: okay..*goes to you're room coughin*

You: *I take your temp*

You: Wow....

You: Your burning up....

Stranger: 3: i dont think ill be able to get up....

You: Alright honey....

You: Do you need anything?

Stranger: a drink plz? *baby bottle instead cuz big cups might spill on me*

You: Alright....

You: *I go pour some milk and bring it to you.*

Stranger: a baby bottle? *coughs*

You: I just dont want you to spill it.

Stranger: okay *drinks it*

You: Anything else?

Stranger: i need the bathroom (( for real to and im holding it in..))

You: Well get up.... ( lol im wearing a diaper in real life.)

Stranger: (( lucky....)) i-i cant im to weak (( i do get to weak when im sick then if i make it to the bathroom i shake so much i cant go...))

You: Awwww honey...

You: Need a diaper?

Stranger: *blushes,nods* yes plz i actually want one on...*giggles then coughs*

You: Alright...

You: *I pull down the blankets and your pajama pants*

Stranger: *smiling as u do so*

You: Do you want to keep your panties on>

Stranger: *shakes head no*

You: *I take your panties off*

You: Lift up.

Stranger: okay *lifts up;*

You: *I put the diaper on you*

Stranger: *giggles,pokes it* its soft :3

You: Haha i know...

Stranger: *pees in it* <3

You: Haha you really had to go..

Stranger: yep now it all filled up <3

Stranger: x3

You: Well do you need anything else?

Stranger: a change? pweasse

You: No.

You: Keep that one on

Stranger: why? :"(

Stranger: *i begin to squirm,feeling uncomfortable*

You: Just lay down.

You: Ill change you later.

Stranger: ok...*lays down*

You: Anything else you need?

Stranger: more baba? *blushes*

You: Not right now

You: I REALLY have to pee.

Stranger: Hehe :3

You: DID YOU LOCK THE BATHROOM!?

Stranger: no

Stranger: *smirks*

###

We never got to finish :p if you wanna keep this going say so in the comments.

