Alice's Surprise Date

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2021-01-28 14:36

This story is a direct follow on from 'The Desperate Deliveroo Driver'. You can read that story here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/64746-the-desperate-deliveroo-driver/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1850110&embedComment=1850110&embedDo=findComment#comment-1850110"

As a brief recap Alice had been on a slow moving London tube heading to Lancaster Gate station where she was meeting her new partner and go for a dinner date. Before grabbing a lift Alice had wanted to use the loo to empty her bladder, which had been slowly filling during the tube ride. However upon witnessing Mandip (the protagonist of last story) on the verge of wetting herself, Alice kindly agreed to give her only spare change so this bursting stranger could race to the loo. With Alices' opportunity to pee denied, Alice hopped into the car with her new boyfriend .... she would just have to keep holding on.

###

"Heyyy Alice, how was your journey?" asked Steve, a muscular 38 year old, with jet black hair, thick stubble and tattooed biceps which admittedly drove Alice slightly crazy.

"Oh it was fine, bit of a hold up, but you'll never guess what happened at the station!! It was so strange" - Alice proceeded to tell Steve all about the desperate women she had witnessed at the station. "I had never seen someone so desperate, she just couldn't stay still and was openly holding herself. Can you imagine how mortifying that must be, not be able to hold on until they get to a toilet without acting like a child". Steve laughed in response, nodding in agreement "getting in such a state sounds embrassing but i cant believe an adult could loose their cool to such a degree - maybe they had a medical issue?" Alice agreed, thinking to herself how she could never imagine end up in such situation.

10 minutes into the journey, and going over yet another speed bump, Alive was reminded of her own need for a wee. She was admittedly a little surprised at how quickly she seemed to be filling. An hour ago Alice didn't need the loo at all, but clearly that situation had changed. Her need was nothing serious, but the dull ache in Alice tummy was noticeably getting worse, even in the short space of time she had been in the car.

Another 10 minutes and Alice recognised they were about to pull into her favourite restaurants car park. She was so excited to indulge in a three course meal with Steve, although not before heading to the loo and having an overdue wee that Alice had wanted to release half an hour ago at the station. Her need had grown by quite a margin since then, passing the point where if Alice was sitting at home she would have stopped what she was doing and used her bathroom.

Alice has dressed casually for her date, keen to avoid looking overdressed for the restaurant. Her long curly blonde hair fell over a white t shirt which was overlayed by a pair of light blue denim dungarees. Complete with a pair of glasses Alice was definitely rocking her look, although underneath the cute exterior Alice was sporting a lacy see through thong which she had specifically chosen with 'after-dinner' activities in mind. Underneath her knickers, Alice was sporting a freshly shaved look. Feeling her own pussy tense slightly on approach to the restaurant, Alice couldn't help but want Steve to park up as quickly as possible in anticipation to get to the loo that Alice was really starting to require

But to Alice's shock, Steve drive straight passed the restaurant he claimed to have booked. Smiling to himself, Steve explained to Alice how he had something extra romantic he had planned as a surprise instead. Normally Alice would have glowed red at such gesture, but instead she couldn't help but feel a twinge of frustration. Alice just wanted to pee. Telling a slight white lie, Alice told Steve how excited she was for this surprise and that he shouldn't be so cute. At the same time Alice deliberately crossed her long legs. Now feeling uncomfortable, Alice subtlety tried to ask Steve how long it would be until they arrived at their unknown destination .

"How long do you think it will be until we are there, this is so exciting" Alice asked why trying to hide the slight anxiety in her voice.

"Oh about 45 mins, not far.....how come?", Steve replied.

Alice heart rate increased slightly, she didn't want to admit she was needing a wee to her new boyfriend, particularly after their earlier conversation about how child-like it was to get desperate. Alice would just have to keep holding on, as she had done before so many times before today. Trying to reassure herself, Alice began to rock slightly on her seat and as she lent forward Alice began to bite her nails subconsciously

End of Part 1

*003*2021-01-30 11:00

Half an hour later and Alice was starting to feel somewhat nervous. Underneath her cute dungarees, liquid had carried on filtering through Alice's toned body and into her bladder at an alarming rate. The uncomfortable dull ache which had been present during the earlier part of the journey had been replaced with something much more pressing. Alice was starting to really become quite desperate for a wee.

Worse yet the traffic around the couple was getting heavier, slowing down their progress. Stuck in standstill traffic, Alice shifted her weight for the second time in as many minutes and exhaled loudly. No position was seeming to provide comfort to Alice, who once again uncrossed and recrossed her legs. Nervously playing with her hair, Alice reflected on her earlier sighting of the desperate women at the station. Now in her own state, Alice was starting to sympathise with the stranger she had seen pee dancing with her hands pressed up her skirt. Alice wondered just how far off she was from being in a similar position, and reassured herself that such a frantic level of desperation was surely hours off. Alice was after all an adult, and even previous times she had been absolutely bursting for a wee had never come close to having to hold herself.

15 more minutes spent in traffic and Alice was expecting to be at her destination. She partially wondered in excitement what her surprise would be, but to be honest most of her mind was now fixed on getting over a toilet. As a first shudder of desperation rose up Alice's back she began tapping at her legs which she was holding tightly together. There was no denying it, Alice was now desperate for a wee. We surely should be there any second, Alice thought to herself, though deep down she knew the bad traffic would have delayed progress. The pressing situation was unfamiliar for Alice, whos large bladder meant she normally avoided getting desperate.

Alice tried to recall times in which she had felt this full, but couldn't remember many. Alice wanted to reassure herself that she had dealt with similar situations before, but could only think of that one time as a 19 year old in which she was refused access to the loo during a turbulent stretch of flight. The level of desperation reached by Alice then far surpassed her current situation, and she was fine in that instance. Alice tried to reassure herself at the thought of this memory, conveniently ignoring the fact that by the time she had got to the plane loo, her little panties were no longer dry.

As more time was spent in the car passed so the conversation between Alice and her boyfriend dried up. Alice was really beginning to struggle to focus on anything other than holding on, with normal chat now not sufficient to distract Alice from her need. Oh this is no good, I've got to say something, I've got to say that I could do with a loo break asap.The thought of admitting her need was embrassing but Alice just had to address this issue. Alice was just about to admit to Steve that she needed a wee, when he suddenly said

"Oh it's no good, I'm sorry Alice, I've just *got* to stop at this service station aha. I'm fucking busting for a wazz. To be honest I was desperate when I picked you up from the station but I can't take this any longer"

Alice couldn't believe what she was hearing. Not that she minded one bit mind you, "that's not a problem, you should have said earlier" Alice politely replied, noticing her partner's bouncing legs. As they pulled into the small services Alice let out a sigh, her relief was imminent. Steve quickly unfastened his seat belt and made no attempt to wait for Alice before dashing inside. Following suit, Alice made a bee line to the customer loos. As she approached them her need seemed to increase exponentially - head down and nervously playing with her hair Alice rushed into the loos where she was eager to let go of a desperate torrent of wee

Alice was shocked with the standards of costumer toilet she was greeted with. One cubicle had an out of order sign on it and the other was missing a door completely. In a curtsy, Alice crossed her legs, her bladder shuddering at the abrupt and unexpected delay in relief. Alice had a fear of having people seeing her on the loo, and the thought of sitting down and risk having a stranger walk in and view her on the toilet with no cubicle door stressed Alice. Oh but she needed the relief so badly.

As she entered the cubicle Alice decided to risk going for a wee, demonstrated just how desperate she was. Clawing at the buckle at the top of her dungarees, Alice desperately tried to get them off, pacing slightly as she did. Hands shaking with frustration, Alice just couldn't get the buckle of her dungarees undone. Her phone buzzed, Steve was messaging to say they needed to get a move on to make it to their destination in time. Buckle firmly stuck, Alice gave up, resigning herself to not being able to have the wee her body was now demanding. She would just have to hold on to their destination and ask Steve to undo them beforehand.

Flustered and back in the car, Steve apologised once again, explaining how he couldn't have held on much longer as they pulled away from the services. "I just was really struggling to keep holding aha, plus I'm not sure what sort of facilities will be available where we are going, so It was probably a good idea you used the bathroom as well". Steve's words made Alice's heart drop, she surely couldn't risk there not being bathroom facilities where they were going. With wide eyes and a nervous disposition, Alice's situation was becoming dire. She just had to keep holding.

End of part 2

*004*2021-01-30 12:47

Alice ground her body against the car seat, urgently willing the pressure to be taken off her desperate pussy. Since being denied relief at the service station Alice's need had increased to a new height. She was now struggling to stay discrete. Alice didn't want Steve to know what state she had gotten in, but truthfully bouncing her knee was now the only way of taming her intense urge to wee.

Things were not all bad though, in preparation at arriving at her destination Alice had managed to undo the buckle of her dungarees, cursing herself that she hadn't managed much such task in the customer toilets quarter of an hour ago. Worse still, Steve had wrongly assumed she had gone for a wee at the station, and she didn't want to raise the issue that another stop was required, particularly as they were already running late. Apparently they were only 5 minutes away and Alice prayed Steve had been wrong about the lack of facilities. As a large wave of desperation hit Alice once more, she let out an audible gasp and bent forward suddenly. Wiggling in her seat, Alice willed herself to keep holding.

Pulling into their destination Alice was starting to get frantic. She was truly bursting and struggling to stay composed. Alice panicked slightly as they entered a field, her eyes quickly scanning the area for a toilet she would run to now. It was quickly apparent that no such facilities were present. Instead in the middle of the field was an inflated hot air balloon. Alice entered a frenzy when she realised what her surprise was

In a daze, Alice found herself walking towards the balloon. She knew she should be grateful. She knew she should be excited. Truly though Alice was stressed out of her mind. Alice genuinely realised the possibility that she might not be able to wait the duration of a balloon ride without fully wetting her dungarees. In a panic Alice blurted

"I can't do this, I need to wee so bad Steve"

But in the noise surrounding the gas cylinder, Alice's complaint went unheard and she was quickly hurried on to the balloon by the marshal. What was she doing, she had to get off, she had to go and squat in the corner of the field and piss before this ride started. But Alice found herself unable to find her voice, realising she had a deep rooted aversion to admitting her need.

Instead the balloon began to ascend into the air. Alice could barely believe what was happening, as another huge wave of desperation hit her tired pussy. Now far more desperate than Alice had ever been in her life, she began to rapidly fan her legs apart and together again. Nothing was helping though, and as Alice entered the skies of the capital her body was crying, screaming out for relief but with literally nowhere to go.

End of part 3

*007*2021-02-02 11:37

15 minutes into the balloon ride and Alice was experiencing a level of desperation she did not even realise to be possible. The pain in her lower tummy was excruciating and her 30 year old body was struggling, pushed to an absolute limit. Bouncing, wiggling, tapping, Alice was doing anything to try and keep the ocean of hot piss inside her. Truthfully though, Alice knew she was facing a loosing battle.

Just 5 minutes later, Alice's entire torso felt numb. She had her legs crossed, and a hand subtlety clamped between her legs. Alice longed to be able to place her hands up a skirt and press them against her now exhausted pussy, but alas the dungarees prevented her from doing so. Almost three hours prior Alice had mocked the poor stranger she had witnessed desperate at Lancaster Gate Station, her own desperation now surpassing that level. Oh how lucky that stranger had been to be just a couple of metres away from getting over a toilet. Alice dispaired at the thought of was about to inevitably occur, she knew her hot piss was about to escape her tormented body and rain down on the capital below.

Sure enough just 5 minutes later Alice's body began to give up. Hopelessly wiggling in her seat, and face buried in her hands an intolerable shudder of desperation hit poor Alice and she felt her hold slip. Underneath her dungarees her shaved pussy shuddered as it unleashed the first torrent of leaking urine, which immediately soaked Alice's thong and seeped round to her clenched ass. The hissing spray was loud, hitting the denim of her dungarees as a small wet patch formed around Alice's crotch.

This leak sent Alice into a frenzy. Now her pussy has tasted some release it was crying out for more, her tired sphincter muscles quivering under immense pressure. Alice was mortified that as a grown adult she was on the verge of fully wetting herself, as another much longer leak seeped out of her wet pussy.

Clambering to her feet, Alice was in a uncontrollable daze. In front of her new partner and the balloon marshall she began to beg.

"Please please, Im about to piss myself, please just land anywhere, I can't hold on. I just need relief"

Now admitting her urgent need, Alice made no attempts to hide her frantic situation. Both hands instinctively dug into her pussy, as she began to pace widely whilst holding on to her shaking body. The situation was useless though, pee was now almost permanently snaking it's way out of Alice's body and into her denim dungarees

Bending over with her ass bouncing in front of Steve, a growing wet patch was now visible to her new partner

HSSSSSSSS

A massive torrent of pent up wee was now audibly gushing out of Alice's body. She shuddered with relief, finally an end to this torment. A darkened stain had now snaked it's way down the entire inside legs of her dungarees and a waterfall of thrashing pee was falling between her legs, her saturated crotch no longer able to absorb anymore piss.

With no sign of let up, Alice noticed her hot pee falling between the wicker basket she was standing on, and tumble down to the streets below. She had tried so hard to be good, to be an adult, to hold on but Alice has simply reached her limit. Now she had wet herself directly over the busy streets of the capital. Pee continued to race out of Alice for over a minute, before she began to cry with mortifying embarrassment.

......

Lucy and her group of college friends were walking down the busy streets of London, when it began to rain. Looking up, Lucy commented how it was strange that it would be drizzling when there was not a cloud in the sky. At the same time she admired the hot air balloon which was silhouetted against the evening sky

End of story, I hope you enjoyed and would love to hear any feedback or future story ideas you may want to hear :)

*009*2021-02-02 14:30

{{1 hour ago, pwpj said:

Loved this one just as I did your previous story - entirely believable and great descriptions.

Perhaps Lucy and her friends have been drinking in the park and are in search of a loo, except all the pubs are closed due to lockdown...? One story leading to another!

}}

Thanks so much. Think something I'm aware of is repeating myself, both in terms of situations and the writing itself. If anyone has any particular situations, characters they want me to explore it can give fresh ideas!

I do already have a couple more situations in mind, but may write another story involving Lucy!

