Hermoine and Ginny

Author: sobbi5

*000*2012-08-22 11:33

Hermoine and Ginny – continuation of story by someone – can’t find it! I loved the scenario ( I can’t think of them) but the contributor was not overly happy about the description of their wetting. Here is my attempt: -

The scene

The girls had left watching a game as they were both busting, but just as they reached the toilets were jumped on by a “bad bunch of girls” who used their magic to make the girls wet themselves.

My wetting bit:

Ginny was first to be abused by the torments from the girls. The spell hit her and she instantly found herself with her legs parted, her feet about a meter apart frozen in the spot. The next stage of the spell hit her and she lost all control of her bladder. The first spurt was a strong one and hit the crotch of her very small thong type knickers splitting into two almost equal streams and starting to run down her legs in little riverlets. Little could be seen as her uniform skirt was quite long and covered most of her legs – that was until the next art of the spell hit her and her skirt suddenly flew up from the bottom so that from her waist down everything was on display as she continued to wee in her pants. Suddenly it was all over, she was released from the spell, her skirt fell down and she could move again – although the first move of bringing her legs back together released the last bit of wee in her knickers to run down her legs.

All this time Hermoine was frozen on the spot unable to move, but strangely enjoying the sight of her friend wetting herself whilst equally furious with the girls who were forcing her. Hermoine was -in away - relieved when she watched what was happening to Ginny, she knew that she would suffer future taunts from the girls when they did the same to her as she was wearing old fashioned navy blue school knickers as that what her mum had insisted on buying as soon as it was agreed she was going to Hogwarts as there were boys there and her mother remembered that such knickers were definitely “passion killers” from her school days. But such knickers had good thick gussets and would help minimise the damage as she stood there legs apart, skirt magically held up.

But it was not to be – the first part of the spell that hit her turned her upside down, her head just above the ground her legs just parted, but pointing to the sky and her school skirt hanging down over her outstretched arms. She fought the next part of the spell hard willing her bladder to hold tight, but to no avail. The first escape of wee was quite gentle, she felt it well up out of her pussy and start to soak the gusset of her knickers, this continued for a short time and she realised that as the cloth became soaked her wee was running down over her tummy and gathering trapped by the waist band of her knickers.

This initial control did not last and she then started to spurt strongly into her gusset which by now was soaked and served to direct this latest flood to run down the crack of her bum cheeks to be stopped by the elastic waist band at the back of her knickers. She could feel the pool at the front and the one at the back start to run round her waist until she could feel wet all round as well as the wet material of her knickers over her tummy and her bum. She new (from the occasional accident in the past that the navy blue cotton would be almost back and would glisten in the sun form the wetness.

But her bladder had been very full and she continued to empty it against the gusset of her knickers with some still flowing forward and lost flowing down her bum. It was almost like slow motion that she felt wee now flowing past the waistband of her knickers. Down her back she felt her school blouse getting wet and then a little river ran between the gap of her back and her plain white bra strap down the nape of her neck and into her hair – even into the ribbons she had put in that morning to try to hold her hair in some sort of order.

On the front of her body her wee soaked into her blouse as for the back, but when it hit the under cup of her bra it soaked into the material until she could feel her nipples getting warm and wet when in spite of her best attempts at control she felt them start to harden – but she could not tell whether it was her weeing or her rapidly stiffening nipples that was causing her pussy to tingle as well.

She felt herself reaching empty – but a couple of final large spurts broke through her soaking wet knickers and flowed over to her skirt wetting that as well.

She found herself spun round and standing on the ground again – this released the remaining puddle that had been trapped in the curve of her pussy to soak into and through her gusset and then run down her legs wetting her white socks and even running into her shoes.

Ginny had stood there all this time – angry at what was being forced on her friend, but with strange tingles and warmth in her own wet panties as something stirred inside her.

Ending one:

The other girls quickly exited as the two friends came out of the spells with a collection of cat calls about droopy draws, soggy pants, pissy knickers and the like.

Hermoine pulled herself together and said – don’t worry, whist I cannot magic us dry, I don’t know the spell, I can make it so that people will not see us being wet – lest get back to the dormitory and clean up. When they got back and went into the showers no one else was around. They started to take of their skirts and blouses, but the sight of their soaking wet (and very different type) of knickers resulted in them hugging each other with their hands slowly exploring each other bodies until they each shyly put their hand on the others still soaking wet crotch gently rubbing their friends pussy. Hermoine was the boldest and said I need to go again, may I? – Ginny simple said me too and released her wee into her already wet pants and into Hermoine’s hand.

More????

Ending two:

Do you want one going messy – along the lines of – as Hermonie spun round and landed back on her feet she was never sure whether it was the remains of the spell or the shock, but suddenly she felt herself looking control of her bowels and she started to empty them into the seat of her knickers.....

Let me know

