Haleigh hates using public restrooms

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-11-24 21:40

Haliegh walked stiffly through the parking lot of her university building, a full day's worth of urine weighing in her bladder. Then as she was driving home from class, she had her water bottle squeezed between her legs. It was a daily routine. No way she'd use those nasty university toilets. She could deal with the discomfort until she got home.

As she turned into her neighborhood, her car sputtered oddly before jolting to a stop, the engine going silent. "Oh, shit," she muttered, turning the key and hearing clicking.

One lecture about the importance of maintaining your car, she was told by her dad to leave it where it is and walk home, given how she was already in the neighborhood, and he'd deal with it on the way home from work in a few hours. The problem was that her neighborhood was huge, though she was too embarrassed to include her urgent need to piss in her protest. She sat in the car for a minute, fidgeting as she got her things together, then started walking.

Haliegh was wearing a crop top and tight jeans, hardly the apparel for a long walk. Her waistband dug into her belly even when it wasn't full of excess liquid. One foot in front of the other, she stopped in her tracks to squeeze her thighs together, contractions in her bladder threatening to push some urine out. She picked up the pace when she started walking again, pulling gently on her button.

It was getting seriously uncomfortable as she approached the halfway point. The time she'd usually have gotten to relieve herself was long past, and Haleigh was a creature of habit. Her body knew what time it was and was protesting heavily against this denial of relief. She was trying not to display her need too publicly, and hoped it wasn't too obvious when she'd march for a few steps or put her hands between her thighs.

Another mile went by and she was dying. She was almost constantly pressing on her vagina for a second, shaking her hands at her sides and pulling her pants up. Keeping herself from peeing was a constant task. The only things she could think about was urinating and maintaining her faster-than-usual walking speed. Every step was a pulse rippling through the fluid inside her. The poor girl was sweating profusely from the exertion of exercise on a bursting bladder. She unbuttoned her jeans, releasing some of the constriction around her midsection.

Despite needing to pee probably worse than she'd ever had to go in her life, she breathed a sigh of relief when she finally got to her street. Relief was in sight. Taking deep, controlled breaths, she kept her muscles tense as she walked quickly and awkwardly down the road.

She pressed her thighs together and clutched her crotch as a surge of urine squirted out of her, wincing as she managed to clench her peehole shut. When she was sure her screaming bladder wouldn't continue to void itself, she let go, causing the liquid contents of her urethra to leak out and contribute to a golfball sized dark patch on her jeans. "Goddd..." she groaned miserably, on the verge of tears. She resumed her wooden walk, the intensely unignorable need to micturate permeating every thought in her head.

She leaned against her mailbox when she got to it, crossing her legs and squeezing her crotch. It felt like gallons of urine were about to come spraying out of her pussy. Deciding the faster she got to pee the better, she took off in a sprint to the front door, turning the handle and pushing...

It wouldn't budge. It was locked. She frantically stepped around and squirmed, feeling through her pockets for her house key. From her bulging, overfilled bladder came another leak, and she grinded her crotch on the armrest of the porch swing. She realized where her housekey was: sitting the cupholder of her car.

Haliegh had to piss so badly she couldn't stand it any longer. She was tearing up from the sensation of so much urine being held inside of her. She couldn't let anyone come home and see her in wet pants, though... But what was there to do?

Haleigh ran to the backyard, holding her crotch with both hands. She felt like she was going to explode as she tried the backdoor, dancing frantically. Another spurt came out as she stood there writhing in place, weighing her options. She was crying from the pain she was in at this point, her bladder contracting against her clenched urethra every few seconds. She started to pull her pants down to piss in the yard, but yanked them back up when she heard a car pull into the driveway. Peeking around the side of the house, she saw it was her sister. She ran up to the car as she was getting out.

"Give me your house key! Please!" she begged, dancing and holding herself with her hand out.

"Jeez, what's your problem?" she said, as she looked through her purse.

"i have to go to the bathroom, please just give me your house key..." Haleigh said strainingly as she crossed her legs and doubled over, pressing her fingers into crotch as a small amount of urine seeped out her. "Ohh..." she groaned.

"Just take 'em," she said, handing Haleigh her keys. She snatched them and sprinted to the house, starting to piss halfway there and staining down the legs of her pants a bit until she crossed her legs and gripped her pussy at the door. "Fuck!" she breathed as she fumbled the key into the door with one shaking hand, the other tightly latched between her legs. Her bladder felt so overfull that it felt like it was going to explode. Haleigh was extremely desperate, literally unable to compose herself.

A jet of piss hissed out as soon as she stepped inside, forcing her to stand still and tightly hold herself to stem the stream. It hurt so bad that she started crying again as she stood still as a statue, trying to tense hard enough to squeeze the piss that filled her urethra back up into her already overfilled bladder. She tried to waddle toward the bathroom, but when the urine started gurgling out from under her squeezing hands again she had to drop to her knees to stop it. Once again taking deep, careful breaths, she gingerly pushed herself to her feet and, almost doubled over, shuffled to the bathroom.

She was already pulling her pants down when the toilet was in sight. That was how she realized she'd been leaking since the last wave and not reaizing it; her underwear was so soggy at this point that it was allowing the slow stream of urine to seep into her jeans. She ran over and plopped down on the toilet, jostling her bladder and giving her an almost unbearable pang in her urine-filled organ.

She didn't even bother pulling her underwear off as she allowed the stream to grow to full-force, the wet spot spreading down to her butt, where it pooled a bit and splattered into the porcelian. Haleigh moaned as she finally relaxed herself, her urethral muscles (and even some close areas she was tensing by proxy) burning with extreme use.

The bathroom door busted open. "What are you doing!?" Haleigh yelled at her laughing sister.

"Did you pee yourself!?"

Her stream still going strong, Haleigh yanked her underwear down to her knees, where they dripped into her jeans. "Get out!" She clenched her peehole shut for a second to lunge forward and slam the door, although she dribbled all over herself in doing so. It was nothing that was already soaked.

She was beet red for the rest of her long, hissing piss. When she was done, she pulled her jeans off completely, dried her pussy, ass and thighs, and washed her hands. She peeked out the bathroom door, naked from the waist down with her wet clothing balled up in her hand, before bolting to her room.

*002*2021-12-11 08:44

The only thing Haleigh could think about when the parents of the kid she was babysitting were talking was her intense need to piss. She went there right after her last class, eager to relieve the urgent sensation she'd accrued throught the day in a gratefully private bathroom. They took forever to finish their direction. Even longer than that was her introduction to their oldest daughter, Lilly, and the lengthy conversation about her train set.

As soon as the oppurtunity arose, she excused herself to the restroom.

"No!" she shouted suddenly.

Taken aback, she sternly said "I have to go to the bathroom, Lilly," and hobbled stiffly out of the young girl's room.

As soon as she turned the corner into the hall, she put her hand between her legs and ran to the bathroom. She pulled the toilet lid, but it stayed shut.

"What the--" she muttered, desperately pulling on it in vain as she danced frantically around, pressing her fingertips into her crotch. Examination of the child protective device holding the toilet lid shut told her nothing about its release.

She groaned and rushed back to Lilly's room.

"Hey, kid, how do I open the toilet?" she asked.

"I'm mad at you."

"What? W-why are you mad at me?" she stuftered, shifting her weight and trying not to pee. It was almost as hard as trying not to hold herself and squirm.

"I didn't want you to leave." She pouted.

"Lilly, I'm so sorry I left, but I really, really need to go potty and I'm begging you to tell me how to open the toilet lid."

"Go away! I want you to leave now!"

Haleigh hesitated, then groaned and left, pushing into her lap. Her bladder was so full. It pulsed with urgency with every step as she went down the stairs and entered the master bedroom, looking for another bathroom. When she found it, she found another child lock.

"Ohhh..." she moaned miserably, crossing her legs and bending over as urine threatened to squirt out. She pulled out her phone and texted the mom.

"Hey, how do I open the child lock on the toilet?"

She sat on the lid, squirming and holding herself as she waited for a response.

She waited and waited and waited.

Legs twisted tight, Haleigh desperately squeezed at herself and scooted her butt around. A bit of pee dribbled out and she stood up to stop it, holding her butt and her vagina as she paced back and forth. She doubled over and stuck her butt out so that the groin of her pants pressed against her vagina, although it also squeezed the firm bladder bulge in her midsection. Haleigh had to piss so bad it hurt.

As a spurt of urine hissed into her underwear, she decided she couldn't take it anymore. She hurriedly shut the bathroom door, undid her pants with shaky hands, and squatted over the wall of the tub.

The moment her bare butt was in place, her phone went off. She bolted upright, her urethra burning from being taunted like that. She shuffled to her phone, squeezing her pussy with one hand and checking her phone with the other.

"There's a key on my bedside table!"

Haleigh felt like crying as she pulled her pants back up and tightened the button of the waistband around her swollen organ. In the strained, frantic walk from the bathroom to the table, she felt herself start to leak and had to clench her thighs together and step around like a maniac to stop. The urine inside her sloshed around as she writhed around, madly rummaging through the bedside table looking for the key. As soon as she found it, she bolted to the toilet, dropping to her knees and trying to shove the key into the slot with her trembling hands. She squirmed and grinded her pussy against the back of her foot, where she felt another hot spurt saturate her underwear, and this time her pants. There was a small spot that was made bigger not long after the first time with an even longer spurt.

Haleigh whimpered as she squeezed her leaking vagina, finally releasing the lock and opening the toilet lid.

A stuttering leak squeezed through her clenched defenses and dribbled down her thigh as she stood up, growing to a hissing jet of piss as she yanked her pants down. The complete release of her overworked muscles was simultaneus with her butt's contact with the seat, gushing urine that pattered against the bowl. She could feel her bloated organ deflate as she finally emptied it of what felt like gallons of piss.

