Mexican Vacation

Author: peepants1300

*000*2015-06-03 20:03

It was a perfect way to begin a summer vacation. Leslie was first class on a plane headed to Mexico. She felt the need to pee, but ignored it. She wished she had listened to her mom and studied Spanish earlier. Now, two hours away from Mexico, she had her nose in a Spanish - English dictionary. After a while of reading, she began to fall asleep.

Leslie opened her eyes to see a man hovering over her. "You alright, señorita?" She cocked her head to the side, confused. Then she remembered where she was. "Oh. I'm fine." She said, reaching for her dictionary, only to realize that she had lost it. She got up, retrieved her bag from overhead, and got off the plane. "Uh... Gracias?" The man chuckled. "De nada."

She looked around. Mexico is beautiful, she thought to herself. Then she said it out loud. "Mexico is BEAUTIFUL! " Now all she had to do was find where she was going. She was here to visit her friend who had moved here three years ago. Leslie was surprised they even stayed in touch. Her friend said that once she got off the plane, Coblar Street would be to the right. She turned to her right. There were no signs. None. Whatsoever. This was going to be a long day.

It was then that she again felt an urge, but ignored it. Finding out where she was was more important right now. A man walked up. "Hola, niña." She turned. "Oh. Uh... hi." He realized that she was American. He took a moment to sort out his words. "Would you like me show you around?" She suppressed a giggle. He sounded a lot like hulk. But she couldn't blame him. English was a language he hardly ever spoke, and anyone could tell. "Yes, please. Do you know where Coblar Street is?" He thought, then pointed to the right. "Thanks." She headed onto Coblar Street.

After about five minutes, she was lost again. But what luck! There was a building beside her. One that she recognized from a postcard from Zoe (her friend). This was where Zoe worked! Maybe she wasn't lost after all.

