Haunted House!

Author: Hyde

*000*2017-06-23 15:21

Hello there everyone, this is just a quick story about a experience. Just to be clear with this, this is a real experience i will just be writing it in the form of a fictional story, but nothing will be exaggerated. I'm doing this just to feel more comfortable writing it.

So first let's go over the three friends, who we will call M, B, and N:

M is a average height (5"7'-5"-8') blonde girl who on this day wore grey Nike leggings and a white tank top. Has the weakest bladder.

B is a short brunette girl who wore black leggings a grey shirt and a thin black jacket. Has average bladder.

N is a black haired guy the same height as M who wore a black shirt and jeans. Has the strongest bladder.

And the final pieces of information and background about them three would be that all three are into omorashi but none of them know this until the end of this experience. The background for the story would be that a while back the three were together and driving home from a concert and M was very desperate which resulted in her having a accident in the car, B was taking pictures of it to embarrass her. This sparked an idea for B and planned out what would happen in this story. So here we go!

It was a Saturday night and M and N were heading over to a local amusement park to meet B, and as per her request they didn't use the bathroom for quite some time before coming. Upon getting there they find B and she explains her idea. She explains that she wants to do a contest that involves having to go thru the haunted house in the park and the reason she said not to use the bathroom would be because they r competing to hold it inside of the house, whoever walks thru the exit dry would get $50 from whoever wet. Even though this is what she said it wasn't her real plan, it was really to see the other two desperate through the house and get so scared they lose control, she didn't care about the money it was just to draw the other two in. Everyone agreed and made there way to the house, had to wait on a 30 minute line, they get to go inside and after waiting even longer all three were getting desperate to go.

The first few rooms were essentially total darkness that you had to walk through with no real scary things in it, the next room was dimly lit room with a bed in the corner and a girl with the appearance of a rag doll ontop of it who was moving like I guess a rag doll (lol) and screaming. Those rooms they got past easily.

The next room was set up like a Frankenstein/Dracula crossover room there was coffins, a surgery table with a person on it and a Frankenstein looking creature chain to the wall. There was also one coffin that was open but when you looked inside it was only black, just as B was about to walk past it a vampire looking guy jumps out it in front of her, turns out the black part of the Coffin was like a curtain, and she falls on her black and screams, and they vampire disappears just as quickly as he came out.

As she starts to sit up they all realize that there's a puddle on floor that's constantly getting larger, when looking for the source you could see it continuously stream out of the crotch of her leggings. When finally done she stands back up M says "Just stay right there." And pulls out her phone to take pictures just like she did before. B says "Guys this is like really embarrassing, you two should just go now." Still trying to make them go but they refuse because of the money and continue on.

A few rooms over was sort of like a prison type of room, there were people in the organge suits and cells and everything like that. One of the cells only had a light in the front and the back of it was completely dark.

While they are all looking at the particular cell there is a voice coming from it that said "Hey pretty girl", Which got the attention of M and B and while they were focused on the cell a man with multiple burn scars on his face lunged at the cell door with a shank object in his hand, when this happened M put her head down and arms over it and stood there frozen in fear, until the others noticed that the grey fabric of her leggings was getting darker, and the spot starting at her crotch was getting bigger, spreading fast, it was much more noticeable then B accident, the entire front of those grey leggings were now dark, her butt had soaked enough to be able to see the faint pink color of her panties.

When she finished she was able to move again. This accident was much bigger than her first one so as she tiptoed her way out of her puddle she screamed at the others that they better not tell anyone.

There was only one room left in the house and it was a graveyard looking room, pretty weird honestly and out of place and nothing actually happened in it besides some people rising thru graves. But after this room was just a long corridor with the exit at the end. The two girls, both wearing drenched leggings were behind N while walking down the corridor. B says to M "We gotta make him go, we can't have the boy beat us." So the agree and make a plan, M pushes him over and sits ontop of him and B holds back his arms as M tickles him to try to make him go. As he's laughing that's when he lets go and M can feel her ass getting more wet since she's on his crotch so she gets up to see the spread across his jeans, he continues to go for about a minute until finally stopping. N says he will get back at them later as they all walk out the house in soaked pants with no winner.

After this experience they all see how fun this could be together and have several more holding games and contest from this point on.

Thanks for reading!

