HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 8

Author: frostyjr2

*177*2014-03-22 13:53

Submitted for your consideration and enjoyment, the latest part of the puzzle:

CHAPTER 20:

A TANGLED WEB

Inspector Philbert Marlowe was uneasy.

He had been called in from Scotland Yard after the corpse had been discovered in the pool house, and now that there was a definite instance of foul play at the manor, it certainly made the death of Lord Daghly the previous day a little less of a cut and dried affair, despite the bumbling efforts of the local constabulary to put the case to rest quickly and quietly.

Marlowe had been less than impressed with Dunstable and Grant during his interviews with the aforementioned duo; a right couple of rural dunderheads they were, in his professional opinion.

Still, even with his own extensive experience in police work, he felt a bit out of his depth with the landed gentry. His normal beat was a good deal seamier, involving working class pubs, seedy drug dens and the odd dead body dumped into the river or buried in the woods.

This was beyond white collar crime, it was ‘silk ascot’ crime, he thought, smiling at the phrase he had just coined. Well, this will be one for the memoirs, most certainly.

The Inspector began by clearing his mind of everything but the matter at hand.

"Let's start with the corpse in the pool house," he said to Lady Daghly. "I'd like to see that first, if you don't mind, Ma'am"

"Certainly, Inspector... Marlin, is it?"

"Marlowe, Your Ladyship."

"Cervin will show you to the pool house, Inspector. I have many details to see to now," Lady Daghly said, and then she turned and walked rapidly away.

Dunstable and Grant were back at the manor for the second time in less than 48 hours, although now it was merely to establish a security perimeter around the pool house while Inspector Marlowe made a search within for clues as to the identity of the murderer, if indeed this second death wasn't simply some kind of freak accident.

Marlowe doubted that very much. As soon as he had seen the body of the dead man, he had gotten that familiar feeling in his gut; his instincts were all telling him that something very odd was going on here, and that whatever had happened to the victim, it was no accident.

He was known around the Yard as 'Sniffy' Marlowe because of his unerring ability to 'sniff out' the truth when investigating a crime, and although he hated that nickname, he did have to concede that it was not entirely inappropriate. He had a prominent aquiline nose, and a long thin face; in point of fact, he rather resembled Basil Rathbone in the actor's classic portrayal of Sherlock Holmes.

"So, what do you make of our Inspector Martin then?" PCSO Grant enquired in her grating voice.

"Martin? I thought 'is name was Marlborough," Constable Dunstable said as he rolled out the "POLICE / DO NOT CROSS" tape to block the entryway to the pool house.

"Well, whatever 'is name is, 'e does seem to know what 'e's on about, don't you think?" Grant queried.

Unlike her overweight bumbling partner, the Inspector from Scotland Yard was everything she thought a police officer should be, and quite good looking besides. She couldn't help herself; she was getting a bit warm and moist down there in her knickers just thinking about him. Try as she might to keep her mind on her work, she couldn't manage to shake the mental image of the inspector 'questioning' her while she sat handcuffed to a chair, her clothes undone and desperate for a wee...

Good heavens, where's that come from? She thought, blushing deeply.

"Dunno, but 'e seems like a right proper git to me, 'e does, all 'by the book' and what not," Fergus replied.

He was still smarting from the inspector's analysis of their handling of Lord Daghly's death the previous day. To put it in theatrical parlance, their reviews at the hands of this particular critic were rather scathing: 'a perfunctory investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident which should be deemed wholly unsatisfactory'; 'an utter travesty of proper procedural process' and 'some of the most shoddy police work I have ever witnessed in my entire career' were but a few of the terms used.

The inspector knocked on the door of the pool house, and scowled at Dunstable, gesturing towards the security tape.

"You've sealed me inside, you bloody fool," he muttered.

As Constable Dunstable unwrapped the tape from the door handle, Marlowe yanked the door open rather violently. He was supposed to "assist the local PD in their investigation', according to his instructions from his superiors at the Yard, but these two locals seemed more likely candidates to be riding the 'short bus' than driving around in a Panda. PCSO Grant was distractedly wrapping the other end of the security tape around the trunk of a tree some distance away while gazing in his direction with a look on her face akin to that of a teenaged girl staring at a One Direction poster, and Dunstable was still trying to recover his balance completely after nearly falling to the ground when Marlowe had pulled on the door handle while he still had hold of it.

Dartmoor's finest, I'm sure, he thought to himself, as PCSO Grant dropped the other end of the tape and scurried over to his side.

"Inspector, 'ave ye found any clues or evidence, then?" she asked him in a breathy tone of voice that she hoped was sultry, but sounded to Sniffy a bit more like the wheezing of an old asthmatic donkey.

"I'd have to call a char-broiled corpse a fair bit of evidence, wouldn't you, Officer Grant?" he said with the beginnings of a smile on his lips now.

"I would indeed, Inspector," Katherine replied, smiling back at him as she felt a warmth beginning down in her most intimate area once again.

What a man, she thought to herself. I'd love to make little detectives with him someday.

Grant was so smitten with the inspector that she had unwittingly made her first positive statement in years, but she back-pedaled immediately.

"D'ye think? We're certainly not much used to this sort of thing around 'ere, can ye tell?" she said, blushing like a schoolgirl in front of her crush.

PCSO Grant's adulation was so apparent that the Inspector couldn't resist a chance to show off in front of her now. "I'll tell you what, why don't you accompany me as I have a look around? We can investigate together, if you'd like..." He'd barely gotten that part out when he was interrupted.

"Wouldn't I, then?" Grant said, with a girlish squeal of delight.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*179*2014-03-23 12:07

{{:

Hmmm, Dunstable is looking to be quite an interesting character.

}}

Are you sure you don't mean PCSO Katherine Grant ?

*182*2014-04-06 14:06

Apologies for the delay in posting this latest installment of the story, but other 'urgent' matters ( ) were demanding my attention. In any case, here wee go again !

CHAPTER 21:

BUSINESS AS USUAL

"Please remain here, and make sure no-one disturbs the scene, Constable," the Inspector said to Fergus sternly.

There, that should be a task he can handle, and keep him out from underfoot as well, he thought.

"I'm on it, sir," Fergus replied, giving his best salute to Marlowe as he did.

Although on the one hand, he was a bit miffed at being left out of the renewed investigation, on the other he didn't relish the idea of traipsing around in the Inspector's wake, especially not with his partner mooning at him like some love stricken schoolgirl.

What the devil's got into her, anyhow? Normally she's all business, that one, he said to himself. Well, at least it's light duty for Constable Dunstable today.

If Grant wants to spend the day with that git, she can have him all to 'erself, he thought, watching the two of them as they rounded the corner of the pool house and disappeared out of his sight. Maybe I can even get that butler chap to bring me a chair at some point, and get a bit of kip...

"Now that we're alone, Officer Grant, I'd like to ask you a few questions as well," Marlowe said to her. "Yesterday during the debriefing at the constabulary, I got the impression that there was something you weren't telling me about this matter. Is there a reason for that?"

PCSO Grant looked a bit flustered now. Despite her fantasy a while ago, she hadn't expected to be subjected to interrogation herself... at least, not quite so soon.

"You can tell me in confidence, now that Dunstable isn't here," the Inspector continued, looking at her quite intently now. "You both mentioned some shards of broken pottery or porcelain near where His Lordship had fallen. Was there anything else, something you failed to mention?"

"Inspector, how did you know? Wasn't there a puddle on the floor there too, now that you mention it?"

"What sort of puddle, Officer?"

"Maybe a puddle... a puddle of wee, sir?" Katherine stammered, blushing bright red as she recalled her own desperation yesterday.

Dunstable had driven so slowly on their way back to the station that she had almost fully wet herself in the Panda before they got there. The car had hardly stopped moving before she had thrown the passenger side door open and made a mad dash for the constabulary women's loo while her partner still sat inside the car with a broad grin on his face. She had barely made it; she had had just enough time to undo her gear and her regulation trousers before it came out, but she hadn't had time to pull down her knickers. Already damp from all the leaking she had done in the car on the way back, they had gotten fully soaked at that point as a hot stream of pee jetted out of her and continued for quite a long time while she sat there feeling a curious mixture of shame and relief.

Her face, as well as certain parts of her further south, were getting warm at the memory of that now.

"A puddle of wee, you say?"

"We were thinking it was from His Lordship, when he hit 'is 'ead, don't you know?" she said, giggling softly yet again.

"Hmmm," Marlowe said. "Curious, that. It does happen sometimes; still, I'd have expected a former soldier to be made of sterner stuff..."

"A stiff upper lip doesn't always rule out a weak bladder now, does it sir?" PCSO Grant said with a little grin.

"Quite true, Officer Grant, quite true indeed." Marlowe said this while giving her a warm smile back, but something in him wasn't fully satisfied with her explanation.

Nothing about this case was as simple as it first appeared, of that much he was certain.

"Let's get back to the main house; I'd like a chance to interview the guests and staff myself," the inspector said.

When they neared the Manor, the butler was there with the door open as if he had somehow anticipated their arrival. Marlowe could swear he had just the faintest trace of a smile on his lips as he inquired, "And how is your investigation proceeding, Inspector Marple?"

"We're just getting under way," came the reply. "Speaking of which, I wonder if you might spare me a moment of your time now? Oh, and the name is MARLOWE..."

"Of course, sir. I am fully at your disposal," the tall butler intoned with a nod of his head.

"Might I suggest some place a bit more private than the foyer; the kitchen perhaps, sir?"

"That sounds ideal," the inspector said. "I'd like to speak to the cook and that little housemaid as well."

What's so hard to remember about the name Marlowe? he thought. Not a single one of them has gotten it right since I've been here...

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*185*2014-05-03 22:01

Dear fans, please know that this story has NOT been abandoned... it is going to continue soon.

My other tale (SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD) is at a crucial point now, and i've been putting all of my time and effort into getting that just right, but i apologize for not posting here. We'll get it together soon, orango and i... don't give up on us just yet, OK ?

Frosty

*189*2014-05-07 21:29

{{:

No worries! Thanks for letting us know, though, because this is one of my all-time favorites and I was getting seriously bummed out...

}}

Hey, maybe you should read some of Sisterhood of Blood in the meantime...

There's more than one reason i'm saying this, too.

*191*2014-07-13 18:16

Sorry for the delay, folks. It's taken me awhile to recover from ending SoB, but...

THE GIRLS ARE BACK IN TOWN !

CHAPTER 22:

STRANGE GOINGS ON

What little was remaining of daylight hours went by in a blur, a desperate squirmy blur for many of the manor's guests, and one particular member of its staff.

Day had turned to dusk, which had then rapidly transformed into a beautiful clear evening as a light fog from the moor began to lift. A luminous moon, surrounded by thousands of its tiny siblings, began to track across the night sky. As the grandfather clock in the foyer began to chime eight o'clock, supper time was upon them, and investigations and full bladders would have to wait just a little longer.

"It's getting late, and tradition here at the manor must be upheld at all times. We never allow guests to leave after sundown; the moors are far too dangerous after dark," Cervin said.

"Her Ladyship insists that you must all stay to supper, and pass the night here as well."

Almost as if on cue, the most blood-curdling wail could be heard from outside the door, far in the distance, faint yet clearly audible.

"What the devil was that?" Dunstable muttered.

"Not the Devil himself, sir, but sure as anything, one of his minions," Cervin replied softly. "Do you not know the legend? The story of the giant ravening beast that roams these moors at night?"

PCSO Grant shuddered involuntarily as she felt a small squirt escape her, warming her knickers yet again. There was definitely something strange about this place; the odd people, the ominous air surrounding the house, all of the bizarre sudden appearances and disappearances, and the most unfathomable thing of all, the almost overwhelming constant sense of desperation she had felt ever since she had come here the first time. She couldn't ever recall needing to pee so badly or so often, not ever in her life.

Or enjoying the sensation quite as much, either.

"Tell Her Ladyship...." Constable Dunstable was about to say something rude, but Inspector Marlowe glared at him almost savagely, cutting him off and replying,"… that we accept her most gracious offer, and please be so kind as to thank her on our behalf."

"Of course, sir."

Cervin inclined his head in assent, then turned crisply on his heels and walked off.

“You idiot! Whatever made you think we had any choice in the matter?" Marlowe fairly spat this out, although quietly. "Didn't you hear what the man said?"

###

Taking her assigned place at the dining table between Sarah and an as yet unoccupied seat, Megan held her dress away from her bottom as she sat down. The antique oak chair was cold against the skin on back of her legs, and she could feel the cool and slightly damp fabric of her knickers clinging to her body as she squirmed ever so slightly. As the dress cascaded around her, she smoothed it down over her knees, happy in the knowledge that if she were to have another little accident during the course of the evening, at least she might be able to save the dress. It was simply far too pretty to get pee all over.

As everyone else took their seats and began to settle down, Inspector Marlowe was the last to finally saunter in and join the dinner party, taking the only remaining free place next to Megan. Saying nothing, he surveyed the other diners, his eyes shifting from one person to the next in a clockwise motion, knowing that any one of them could be the cold-blooded killer he was hunting for. His eyes narrowed in suspicion as his gaze passed from face to face, his mental cogs in overdrive.

Megan gently ran a hand over the bulge of her firm distended bladder. Performing a vigorous squirmy wriggle in her seat, she did her best to press the hard wood of the chair against her pee hole, but couldn't quite get the angle she needed without it looking awkward. She was amazed all the wee that was inside of her was behaving itself so well; it had nearly completely burst out several times over the last few hours, but somehow her exhausted muscles had held the majority of it inside of her … again. She had grown fuller and fuller, and now when she looked down even she was amazed by the way her belly protruded. Every now and then a little accidental squirt would take her completely by surprise, hence the persistent damp sensation around her privates, but for the most part she'd been a very good girl, and Sarah appeared to be very pleased with her.

Looking around nervously, she locked eyes for the briefest of moments with the inspector, before looking away sheepishly. Making a conscious effort to sit as still as her desperation would allow, at least while she was under such scrutiny, she prayed silently for proceedings to get underway as quickly as possible. As accommodating and forgiving as her bladder had been up until now, the random frantic urges to take a long hard wee, if necessary into her underwear, were becoming much harder to control.

Megan had been secretly hoping for a repeat of their previous night’s antics, but seriously doubted her ability to hold it in for the next ten minutes, let alone until they got back to their rooms later on. The thought of it was making her feel rather warm, and her cheeks visibly reddened as she felt a little extra wetness gathering down below. God knows how long it was going to take to finish dinner, she thought. Two hours or more if yesterday was anything to go by. OMG, that was almost certainly beyond her reach, but she had to at least try. Still having absolutely no idea where the bathroom was, she didn’t have much of a choice in any case.

Daring to look up in the inspector's general direction, Megan breathed a little sigh of relief, (although not the relief she truly longed for at this moment in time), as Marlowe's attention was drawn to a flushed and flustered looking Erica, who was hurrying in pushing a serving trolley with the first course on it in front of her. Although she was moving at a rapid clip, the expression on her pretty face was noticeably strained.

As Lady D. nodded her head in a stately manner, Cervin began to plate the appetizer and then place the delightful morsel in front of each diner. Just as she had the previous night, Sarah couldn't help but smile at the rather rude gesture Cervin was unwittingly flashing to the room, the middle finger of his gloved right hand standing erect as the others curled around the serving utensil. Wondering what she had found so comical, the inspector followed her gaze before he too clocked Cervin's gesture, the corners of his mouth turning up with the hint of a grin.

"Mmm, prawns in red curry sauce!" Mao could barely contain his elation as the dish was set in front of him. He speared one with his fork and quickly popped it whole into his gaping maw, looking rather shark-like as he did.

Sarah had not noticed until this very moment, but the man's teeth were surprisingly sharp.

Wan Yu Gigg had her own fork poised at the ready, and she too had now skewered a delicious looking shrimp. With a much more discreet and softly feminine motion, she raised it to her pretty lips and nibbled delicately. Sarah elbowed Megan a bit violently below the surface of the table, causing the poor desperate girl a moment of unease as her overburdened bladder gave just a tiny squirt in protest.

"Look at their teeth!" she whispered.

"OMG, I hadn't noticed," Megan whispered in return.

"They all seemed normal before," Sarah said quietly. "I think it only happens while they're eating..."

Meanwhile, Dunstable had tucked his napkin into his shirt collar and was attacking his appetizer as if it were the last meal of a condemned man.

"Wine, sir?" Cervin asked as he leaned over him, bottle in hand.

"Never touch the stuff," Dunstable replied. "I wouldn't say no to a nice pint of beer, though... that is, if we're off duty now, Inspector?"

"That will be fine, Constable. Her Majesty certainly can't require you to work overtime, especially considering the unusual circumstances of our stay."

Inspector Marlowe smiled at PCSO Grant, who was now seated between himself and Constable Dunstable.

"In fact, I think a glass of wine might be just the ticket after a day like today, don't you, Officer Grant?"

Katherine was flustered all of a sudden. She certainly hadn't expected the Inspector to ask her opinion of anything whatsoever, and would have been content to merely sit quietly at his side, basking in the glow of his superior intellect.

"It has been rather trying, hasn't it, sir?" she said with a surprisingly charming smile in return.

A somewhat subtle yet desperate squirm accompanied her last remark, as if to accentuate and make clear the nature of at least one part of her personal tribulations.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*196*2014-07-27 21:11

Well, orango and i have been working hard on the story, and here's the next bit for you...

We certainly hope that you will enjoy it !

CHAPTER 23:

WATERLOO

With dinner finally drawing to a close several guests shifted uncomfortably and nervously in their seats, praying for their host to finally call an end to dinner and their collective nightmare. Conversation had petered out long ago and had been replaced by the rustle of jiggling legs beneath the table, and an occasional lengthy sigh.

Not all were suffering the effects of a full bladder however, and as Mao sipped loudly from a tall pint of ale, an involuntary whimper of frustration and despair left poor Megan's lips. All through dinner she had somehow held back the copious volume of pee that was presently stretching her bladder to what felt like byou&#39;resting point … well, most of it, anyway. There had been a few scary moments, and one particularly long spurt just before dessert when she thought she might lose it totally, but somehow she had found the resolve to soldier on. The wooden chair just beneath her bum felt decidedly damp, but not totally wet; not yet at least. She took comfort in the fact that little Erica seemed to be in an even worse predicament than herself, it was plain to see that the cute little maid could barely even stand up straight any more.

Right on cue, Erica scampered hastily across the room absolutely beside herself with desperation and panic. Her hands trembled and the glasses rattled noisily against the tray as the contents of her bladder made a renewed and powerful bid for freedom. Every muscle in her petite body was clenching tightly, trying valiantly to hold back the flow, but she knew it would soon be a futile activity. Shuddering fiercely and almost dropping the tray of cleared dishes completely as she did, she stopped briefly to bend forwards and cross one leg over the other, before resuming her frantic scurrying towards the kitchen.

She said I would be allowed to pee as soon as dinner was over. OMHG, this having to get permission to go thing is turning out to be much more difficult than I had ever anticipated, little Erica thought as she squirmed quite helplessly in the final throes of her desperation now.

Her panties were already soaked with the pee she'd been leaking almost constantly all throughout the meal as she attended to her duties clearing the dishes between courses.

She could even smell the fragrant odour of her urine now, and she wondered if it was as obvious to the other guests as it was to her. Wan Yu Gigg was certainly aware of it; the tall Eurasian beauty smiled and breathed in deeply every time Erica was at her side to remove her plate from the table.

Meanwhile, Constable Dunstable had been keeping a keen watch on the little housemaid, and not simply because she was so pretty, either. He knew the signs of desperation when he saw them, and putting two and two together he had guessed that at some point she would have to lead him to that elusive WC. The only question had been would it be soon enough to save him from the embarrassment of wetting himself in public; he certainly always enjoyed seeing the girls desperate, but wasn't having quite so much fun now that the tables had been turned and he was the one labouring to keep the contents of an overly full bladder in check. Why the devil had he drank so much beer with his dinner, blast it? Even seeing his partner squirming right alongside wasn't doing too much for him at present, but finally, it appeared as if the long-anticipated moment had arrived.

As she was leaving, Wan Yu said something very quietly to Erica, who was busy clearing the dessert plates, and with a gasp and a deep blush, the little maid fairly ran out of the room.

Almost in unison, Dunstable and PCSO Grant got up and followed in hot pursuit. The two of them tried their best to shadow the tiny housemaid as discreetly as possible, given the circumstances, alternately leaking and spurting into their underpants while desperately trying to hold in the surprisingly copious amount of wee which had somehow accumulated inside of both of them.

Had they really consumed that much liquid at dinner? Katherine wondered, or was there truly something weird about this place?

Erica stopped briefly at the kitchen to unburden herself of the dishes, then burst rapidly through the door and headed down the corridor as quickly as possible considering that she was bent almost in two and couldn't take more than the tiniest mincing steps now without wetting herself fully.

It was clear by now exactly where the desperate little housemaid was heading, and even Dunstable now hoped that she would make it... because if she wet herself beforehand, they might never find out where the elusive WC was located!

Towards the other end of the long hallway, there was a slender door which looked to be the access for a small utility closet of some sort, the kind that would usually hold a stock of cleaning supplies, brooms and dustpans, mops and buckets, floor wax and oil soap, the usual maid's stock in trade.

Doubled over now, little Erica gave the bottom panel of the door a good swift kick, gasping as she did. She turned the handle, popped the door open just enough to squeeze through it, and closed the door quickly behind her.

Now, the unmistakable sound of a girl peeing into a toilet could definitely be heard by both officers even from where they were hidden some distance away, despite the rather solid looking oak door.

Eureka! They had found their gold mine... so to speak. Now all they had to do was wait until the coast was clear. Shortly thereafter, the little housemaid emerged from the WC with a smile on her pretty lips, accompanied by the sound of flushing water. She closed the door firmly behind her and proceeded along her way, happily humming to herself, or so it seemed.

Grant and Dunstable exchanged a look, and without a word spoken, both took off towards the WC as fast as they could. Knowing that Grant would beat him handily in a foot race, Fergus tried to extend a foot to trip her up, but Katherine simply jumped over it nimbly, having anticipated her partner's treachery.

We haven't spent all this time in one another's company without any benefit, have we then? she thought, giggling to herself despite her almost overwhelming desperation. I only hope he wets himself now, it would serve him right for that deal in the car yesterday, wouldn't it?! As if I couldn't tell just how much he was enjoying seeing me almost peeing my knickers?!!!

As might be expected, PCSO Grant had won the mad dash for the loo in the end, leaving the portly Dunstable far behind in her wake. As she turned the door handle, she was already leaking a bit in anticipation of her much-needed release.

When she opened the door, however...

"I say, do you mind?" Wan Yu said coldly as she glared up at Grant from her perch atop the porcelain throne with her knees drawn tightly together and feet slightly apart. Her grey silk skirt was gathered up around her waist exposing her black lace garter belt and sheer black stockings, her black lace-trimmed silk knickers down around her slender ankles and her steel grey eyes flashing just a hint of red for a moment. The same unmistakable sound of a very strong stream of girl pee hissing from her privates and splashing into the bowl was quite obvious now.

"OMG, I'm SO sorry," Katherine stammered. "I heard flushing, and then when the maid came out, I just assumed..."

Just how the devil had she gotten in there, anyhow?

As the desperate PCSO closed the door she stood there with tightly crossed legs, and with a somewhat dejected and disappointed look on her face. A small trickle of warm clear liquid began it's descent down the back of her thighs, her saturated knickers having apparently absorbed all the spurts and squirts they were able to.

"Gosh, I was SO looking forward to that," she mumbled under her breath, hoping that Dunstable wouldn't hear her. She was expecting him to be standing right behind her, having caught up to her by now.

Her disappointment turned to elation however when she realized that instead of following on her heels after his failed attempt to trip her up, he was simply standing there as if transfixed while an unmistakeable stain now began to spread out from the crotch area of his uniform trousers, turning them an even darker shade of blue-black before a puddle of pale yellow liquid formed at his feet.

Just at that moment, Cervin and Erica were passing back through the hallway, and they couldn't help noticing Dunstable standing there with an embarrassed look on his face as he was wetting himself uncontrollably just like a little schoolgirl.

"Oh, dear, it seems as if the Constable has had a bit of an accident," Cervin said in mock concern, while little Erica simply muttered, "OMG, not AGAIN???! What's wrong with these people?"

PCSO Grant had to suppress her giggle as she overheard the tiny housemaid's comment.

A sheepish look on his florid round face, Dunstable was still at it, much to her triumphant joy.

"Erica, would you please fetch the cleaning supplies once more? I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to wait there until she returns, Constable," Cervin said, to Katherine's continued delight.

"We can't have you tracking that mess all through the manor, now can we? Oh, and I'll have those shoes, socks, and trousers as well."

Constable Dunstable would have ample time to consider the error of his ways.

He stood in the drafty hallway in his soaking wet tighty whities in a puddle of his own wee, eagerly anticipating the little maid's eventual return and hoping no-one else would happen by until then.

That was not to be, however.

Fergus had waited there for some time (it seemed like an eternity to him, but in fact it was probably more like only a minute or two) when he heard the sound of high heels clicking on the wooden parquet floor.

"About time that little tart was getting back," he muttered.

Much to his dismay, however, it wasn't the tiny housemaid returning with her bucket and sponge.

No, it was the rather formidable exec, Wan Yu Gigg, leaving the loo.

Dunstable blushed bright beet red once again and tried to cover up the stain on the front of his underpants, not realizing that the puddle he was standing in rendered any explanations or dissembling quite pointless and futile.

"Um..."

The tall Eurasian beauty wordlessly took in his humiliating situation, looking him over from top to bottom with a single cold glance. As the Constable tried to stammer out some sort of excuse or rationalization for his absurd position and state, she merely continued on by him with a disdainful sneer on her pretty face and sniffed haughtily as she passed.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

