Chapter 27-01 (bonus)

Luna wasn't even sure what exactly happened in the morning, but shortly after both waking up they soon found themselves getting all hot and bothered, resulting in a sudden unexpected round of steamy sex.

Luna was laying on her back, getting her pussy eaten out by Chloe while she could feel herself losing control over her bursting bladder.

This time she didn't even ask to stop and was planning on simply letting it happen, Luna simply announced, "I can't hold it anymore!"

Followed by Chloe pulling back and pee spraying all over the bed once again. Luna had no reason anymore to hold back so she just let it flow... and emptied her bladder completely in bed while Chloe kept massaging her clit. Just seconds later Luna felt herself reaching her climax, almost getting overwhelmed by a hefty orgasm.

Luna felt like she was losing her mind, she was in a constant state of horniness, and everytime her orgasm faded, afterwards it seemed to return her horniness relentlessly...

The girls finally got out of bed when they had enough, taking a morning shower together... even though they had showered before going to bed, after their wake up sex it was needed as both of them and the bed got soaked in Luna's morning pee.

Luna now felt completely comfortable being in a romantic relationship with another girl, and for the first time in her life understanding what the saying meant "Like horny teenagers..."... they enjoyed their warm shower together, which happened to involve some light teasing from one another... which turned into kissing that evolved into something more... They ended up pausing their shower and had sex right there in the bathroom...

Chloe was leaning on the sink with one foot on top of it while Luna was fingering her hard, hearing Chloe moaning louder and louder, getting her closer and closer to her climax.

Luna could feel it... with her fingers inside her she could feel how Chloe relaxed... Luna didn't stop and was on a mission of making her girlfriend come, a second later pee jetted out of Chloe, spraying it around in the bathroom and on Luna, that didn't stop her from finishing Chloe, making her climax when she was still mid stream...

Chloe didn't even bother stopping her stream and with a loud splattering noise emptied her entire bladder in the middle of the bathroom floor, letting it spray and splatter everywhere.

"Ok maybe that wasn't the best idea..." Chloe said apologetic while looking at the aftermath,

The bathroom was a mess... the whole bathroom floor was covered in Chloe's piss, it had even sprayed on the walls and door.

They laughed it off and started cleaning it up, once done they jumped back into the shower to finally finish what they had started.

"I can't feel my pussy anymore, lets have a break and go eat something?" Chloe said jokingly while showering,

Luna answered while laughing, "Same! I got a text earlier from Selena asking to go eat something for lunch."

"Good idea I'm starving!"

But now... what to wear?

Both girls had their remaining clothes laid out in front of them, letting their gaze go over what was left of pants, skirts and shorts.

They didn't have all that much choice any more in what to wear until the cleaning service would do it's rounds.

But still, the first thought that crossed Luna's mind was...

"Which is gonna be the most fun to wet in?"
