Cassie and David: Holding It

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-11 00:46

CASSIE AND DAVID: HOLDING IT

David stood on his front porch. He was waiting for his classmate Cassie, who was coming to his house after school. After a short while he spotted Cassie walking up the sidewalk. She was carrying, in addition to her bookbag, a liter sized bottle of water. She was wearing pink cotton shorts, and a matching T-shirt. "Hi David!"

"Hi Cassie!" David let them into his house, taking Cassie’s bookbag and setting it on the hall table. "Well," he said, "What do you want to do?" Cassie opened the water bottle and started drinking it, taking big gulps of it every fee minutes. "How about we play a game?" said Cassie. "How about we go down to the game room - my dad has an old Pac-Man arcade game down their. We could play that," said David. "Okay," said Cassie.

Within a half-hour she had emptied the water bottle and was starting to feel the effects of it. "I need to pee." she told David. "Let’s see you try Pac-Man now," he said. She took the controls and proved to be an ace at it. She advanced through level after level, even as her bladder filled. "Th-Oh, I-th-need to-th-pee!" she said as she wriggled her legs while trying to concentrate. She brought one leg up to press her thigh against her other thigh momentarily, then went back to wriggling her legs. After two more levels, she started stepping back and forth from one leg to another trying to hold her pee in while still trying to concentrate on the game. "Oh-th-I need-th-to pee-th-so bad!" Cassie said.

Another level passed. "Oh! Oh! I-th-never had-th to pee-th-so bad-th-in my life!"

"Worse than yesterday?" asked David. "Oh! Worse! I-th-don’t know-th-how long-th-I can-th-hot it. Oh!", said Cassie. She jerked her hips several times as she tried to squeeze her muscles tighter. At this point, unable to concentrate on the game, Cassie let the controls go and tried to step away. She froze. "Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! I th-can’t-th-hold it!" She let out a scream as her overfilled bladder let loose. "I’M PEEING MYSELF!" A torrent of pee poured through the inside of her shorts’ cuffs and down her legs. Pee soaked up the back of her shorts almost to her belt. She peed for almost a minute, making a huge puddle on the linoleum floor at her feet.

Finally, the flow stopped. "I peed myself!" Cassie giggled. "You sure did!" laughed David. Cassie looked down at herself. "Well I better get my other clothes out of my bookbag and get cleaned up," she said. 

