Indian Convent Hostel Experience

Author: Ranganath

*000*2016-01-01 18:43

Ankita was violently woken from her unsteady sleep with a sharp cramping pain that rocked her bladder. She instantly knew what it was. She sighed miserably and dangled her feet off the side of her hostel bunkbed hoping not to wake her roomate.

Ankita was from a well off family in Mumbai. She had lived almost her entire life in the heart of the city, in a posh flat that was on the 9th floor. Owing to her family's financial status, she had never really gotten a taste of the outside world; she spent the majority of her time in Coffee Days and overpriced malls. Upon completing her 12th standard however, everything changed. Her grades were awful. No decent college in Mumbai would accept her. She checked countless colleges all over the country but apart from a monastery near Nepal, the only college that would accept her was Vellore Sisters Catholic College - an all girls strict educational institute.

Though it was far from ideal, it was, without a shadow of a doubt, the best option available. With less than a week remaining till the beginning of college, Ankita hastily applied to the college, got accepted, and set off from Mumbai the night before college was to begin.

She knew it would be different, much different than anything she'd ever done before, but she was ready: Or so she thought.

She reached the train station, took an overpriced auto down a dirt road, baked it the sun, and entered the dusty gates of the college. She was instantly approached by a middle aged nun who, after checking her identification, led her to her room on the 5th floor. Ankita was apalled.

The room was dingy and small, illuminated only by a 4ft by 4ft window in the corner. 2 other beds were already in place, and a couple of tops and a pale blue pair of panties lay sprawled around the room. She was too busy inspecting the dust and the cracking paint that she only noticed the absence of an extra door in the room.

"Excuse me!" , she called out to the nun. "Uh.. Bathroom?"

But the nun was already walking away down the corridor. Hearing the bell ring in the distance, Ankita quickly grabbed a textbook and made her way to class. It wouldn't look good to be late on the first day itself.

Classes were boring and tough, same as school. After the 2nd period Ankita got up to go to the bathroom. At the end of the corridor there was a door with a dilapidated 'LADIES' sign hanging from it. Ankita entered and nearly gagged. The floor was muddy with dirt and patches of liquid. Apart from one stall the doors all hung on their hinges, waiting to fall off. The stench was incomparable. IT was muddy and filthy

Her bladder protested but her disgust was stronger. Tightening her sphincter, she loosened the waistband of her long green skirt and returned to class.

By the end of the next period however, her need had worsened considerably. She could hardly sit still and had twice been reprimanded for continuosly bouncing her legs. in her mind she vowed that the moment this class ended she'd find a place to pee.

The moment the bell rang, Ankita jumped up from her desk and left the room, running down the stairs and out of the block. It occured to her that there may be a cleaner toilet elsewhere in campus. AS she ran she felt a drop moisten the joining of her thighs.

From the corner of her eyes, Ankita saw a tiny steel door behind the cafeteria block bearing the words "FOR TEACHERS ONLY". Running, she flung open the door and her eyes jizzed when they saw the beatiful bathroom before them. It was king-sized and clean, with a tall whit western-style toilet adorning the center.

Ankita rushed to the toilet, yanking up her skirt and holding it under her chin as she frantically moved her red panties out of the line of fire. Plopping herself down on the cold toilet seat she fired her piss into the bowl with deadly force; it splashed off the inside of the bowl and into the water. Ankita sighed in relief but also in exacerbation. How the HELL would she survive here?

*002*2016-01-02 10:54

After that the day continued relatively uneventfully. Ankita continued to attend her classes as if nothing had happened. In fact, she actually felt that way. Apart from the disgust at the state of the bathrooms in the university, she felt as if she was actually beginning to fit into the college. She'd already made friends with another one of the girls from Delhi, Sonakshi, who like her had been reared with a golden spoon in her mouth and had never experienced anything like this college.

Within a couple of hours, the final bell rang. Relieved that the day of indoctrinating boredom was over, she said goodbye to Sonakshi, and left the block. As she reached the bottom of the stairs, she loitered around near a chai stall till the majority of her classmates had left. Once there were just one or two remaining, she casually ambled towards the exclusive teachers toilet for a last piss, lest her hostel toilets be deplorable. As she sat on the bowl and heard her water splashing the basin she sighed and genuinely contemplated how the FUCK she would survive here.

It's not that she was a clean freak; in fact she was far from it. Her room back home had been deplorable to say the least. No, it wasn't that. It was almost as if.... No, it WAS that. She had some kind of inexplicable phobia of squat toilets. Ankita was 19 years old and had lived ALL of her life in India, but had never once relieved herself in a squat toilet. Though she couldn't justify why, she found it disgusting and awful. The closest she'd ever actually come to having an accident was in her old school in Mumbai on a field trip, owing to these squat toilets.

Ankita shivered at the unpleasant memory as well as at the completion of her pee. She tore a strip of tissue paper off the roll hung on the wall, dabbed herself dry, flushed the toilet and, after peeking to see that nobody was there, stealthily sneaked back to her convent on the other side of campus.

This was her first night in the hostel, and the room-mates were being allocated. Luckily for Ankita, as she had been one of the last to register to the college, her filthy room remained the same and she didn't have to haul her luggage around and up flights of stairs as many of the other girls did. She waited in her room, pulled out a book and began to read. Suddenly a familiar face pooped up at the door.

"Ankita!!", it was Sonakshi, genuinely glad to see another normal person in the hostel.

Ankita put down her book and smiling, returned a greeting. They chatted for a while until Sonakshi noticed the absence of a bathroom.

"WHAT THE FUCK!!" was her response when Ankita told her that the bathrooms were on the ground floor and common to the entire hostel. They sat sadly on their bunks and continued to complain about the college till the bell for dinner rang and they headed downstairs.

The meal was piping hot and insanely filling. For just a moment since she'd arrived here, Ankita felt happy; she had a friend and a hot meal, what else could she need? A loud painful grumbling from her abdomen shook her back to reality. A toilet :( She could really use a goddamn toilet :(

*004*2016-01-07 11:47

The meal finished and Ankita and Sonakshi got up to return to their rooms. As they reached their room, a nun came around and informed them that lights were to be put out in 5 minutes. Ankita and Sonakshi compliently agreed and lay down in their respective bunk beds but continued to talk and chatter to each other till well into the night. Somehow or the other, the topic eventually turned to bathrooms and Sonakshi said, with an exaggerated moan,

" I'm bursting for a shit yaar!! I haven't gone since I came here only"

Aankita laughed but was quickly reminded of her own bellyache, an urge she'd forgotten a while back when it subsided.

"Me too", Ankita chimed in, "But the bathrooms here are so fucking gross!! "

Sonakshi nodded in agreement sadly, drifting off into silence as both the girls fell asleep.

Ankita woke up at 3 in the morning with a terrible stomachache. She doubled over in pain on her bunkbed and had to clench her ass as tight as she could to avoid spilling her bowels all over the bedsheet. As the urge subsided, she hopped out of bed and walked out of the room. She hoped the main door would be open, as , if it were, she could sneak out to that clean toilet near her classroom block, relieve herself, sneak back in, and nobody would be the wiser. Couldn't it wait till morning? ? No!! not a chance! Ankita was already at her limit, biting her lower lip and waddling around the corridors, clenching her ass while still sliding her feet forward.

Within a minute Ankita found herself in the entrance to the building, cold, dark and deserted, save the sleeping security guard in the corner. She gently pushed the door and it slid open as she sighed in relief. Tiptoeing past the security guard she left the block. The moment her feet touched open ground she ran as fast as she could, all the while holding her sphincter tightly shut albeit with great difficulty and more leakage than she would care to admit.

In under 30 seconds, she reached the door. A powerful wave hit her, using all its force to shoot the contents of her stomach into her panties as she clenched her sphincter with all her might and crossed legs, determined to keep it in. She swung open the door but could never have been prepared for what she saw next.

*007*2016-01-16 16:48

Ankita flung the door wide open. As she stood there, legs doubly tightly crossed, ass clenched tighter than she ever imagined it could, she saw what looked like a person sitting on the toilet. Within a second her eyes adjusted to the bright tublelight flickering on the wall. On the toilet, she recognized a young woman who had taken one of their classes yesterday. The young nun's gown was resting comfortable above her ass, held in place between her lower back and the toilet seat. Her legs were held above the ground, almost arching at the knees as a rhythmic hand rubbed fervently between her legs.

A soft moan escaped her lips.

Ankita noticed that the nun had still not noticed her presence and so quickly and silently shut the door. Her own need so great, she was unable to reflect on what she had just seen. Her emphasis was still on finding a toilet. She ran back to the door of the hostel and tiptoeing up to the sleeping security guard, shook him timidly

"bhai...", she whispered.

The guard jumped up from his slumber and looked around frantically. As his eyes rested on her he murmured an annoyed

"Ha. Tu kya chaiye?" (what do you want)

"saar, actually, mujhe toilet chaiye, meri problem bahut bhuda hai." (actually I need a toilet, my situation is very bad)

The guard rolled his eyes and lazily said, "sub ko band hogaya, dus baje pe. woh toh curfew hai na?"

(All are closed since 10. That's your curfew right?)

A fresh wave hit Ankita. Despite trying the best to maintain her dignity in front of this rude and unsympathetic stranger, she was forced to cross her legs to prevent that sticky patch in the back of her underwear from growing.

"Please saar, zabardasti hoega.." (please sir, it will happen forcefully) she said pitifully as she keeled over slightly.

"Ey! yeh chutiyapa mat kar. Kuch nahi mai kar saktha. Kal che baje pe washroom kolega, tab tak rukho!"

(Don't give me this bullshit, there's nothing I can do. Tomorrow at 6 the washroom will open, wait till then.

On the verge of tears, Ankita was forced to take the 4 flight journey back to her dormitory. She climbed the steps one at a time, minimizing the distance between steps lest her ass open wider and further soil her underwear. She finally entered her room and opened the door.

The turning of the knob woke Sonakshi who groggily rose from her bed

"Ankita , is everything alright?", she said as she rubbed her eyes.

Ankita took two steps into the room and dissolved into tears; this was the culmination of her problems. Her loss of friends, her failure to suitably adjust to the college, all significantly catalysed by the fiery reaction happenning inside her bowels. She sunk to the floor and sat, pressing her ass into that tiny damp spot where the shit had found its way out.

Hearing her roomate cry Sonakshi quickly got up from her bed and came over to console Ankita, patting her back gently and reassuringly whispering, "its okay.. its okay"

After Ankita had calmed down Sonakshi sat on her bed and asked Ankita what was wrong.

"There.....There're", Ankita sniffled, "There're no toilets, they're closed."

Sonakshi was still unsure of what she meant.

"I really have to..... mujhe itne bada shit chaiye. Mai rukh nai sakthi.. Thoda ese aaya, aab toh neche peh."

(I need a shit really bad, I can't wait, a little came out just now downstairs)

Sonakshi's face was a mix of shock and fright. "Arre!! Toilet ko kya hua??" (what happenned to the toilets)

"They're closed", sniffed Ankita again, "They'll open them at 6".

"SIX!" Sonakshi frightfully exclaimed! "I'll have to wait till six!!"

Ankita paused her lamenting for a second and turned to Sonakshi;

"Wait, you have to go too??"

*009*2016-01-16 17:57

"Duh, I haven't gone since I got here, and that rajma for dinner killed it. It was so spicy I drank a ton!" Sonakshi enunciated, crossing her legs melodramatically.

Ankita felt slightly relieved. Sure: nearly crapping your pants is embarrassing but less so if the only witness is crapping her pants too.

She gave a slight smile and went and sat on the bed next to Sonakshi. They began talking about unrelated things; this teacher, that teacher. Ankita even mentioned the wanking nun , recieving a hearty laugh from Sonakshi. They talked and talked on and on, speaking about everything other than the storm waiting to explode out of their asses. Discretely they'd keep checking the time as the clock ticked from 3:45 to 4:30 to 5:30.

By this point Ankita had mastered keeping her sphincter in check. Whenever a wave hit her she bent over slightly, pulled herself down onto the bed and took deep breaths. Despite this, the smell from her panties still slowly began to fill the room. Sonakshi snuck a few noticing glances at Ankita but passed no comment. Sonakshi wasn't doing to well either; though no motion made her bowel's needs apparent she kept crossing her legs and furtively pacing the room. On countless occasions Ankita thought Sonakshi had lost it and half expected to see a trickle of liquid run down her green tights. But no such leakage happenned. Though Sonakshi's spanties were soaked to the point they could be wrung out, no stream made itself shown.

The moment the clock hand reached 6, Sonakshi got up and said ,

"Chalo YAAR!, Mujhe bahut zaroorath toilet ko chaiye..." (come on, I need the toilet badly)

Needing no further encouragement, Ankita was quick behind her as they opened their room door and began to waddle off in the direction of the toilets.

Though neither of them had availed of the hostel toilets before, Sonakshi'd noticed the ladies signs before and knew just where to go to.

As they reached the bathroom, the frantic chatter of female voices told them perhaps they had'nt been the only ones to have a little midnight emergency. They turned the corner and found at least 4 girls, in different stages of desperation bouncing around in one giant rectangular room with tiles on the floor. Ankita scoured the place for the bathrooms before they realized that they were in it.

The room was divided into the laarge mirror and sink adorned area in which they stood and a tiny rectangular doorless extension with 3 squat toilets and a western-toilet, all without boundaries or walls.

2 of the squat toilets were occupied by two thin mallu girls with jeans crumpled around their knees, presumably sisters, voiding their bladders in unison into adjacent bowls. Meanwhile, a well-bodied dark girl was squatting over a shit-filled hole, adding rapidly to the pile.

Ankita noticed that the western toilet was free and in her desperation threw aside her notions of privacy and dignity as she began to quickly walk towards it. However, when she was no more than halfway there, a chubby tamilian girl Ankita recognized as Deeksha, tore through the line of girls and made a beeline to the one free hole.

"NO! WAIT!!", Ankita shouted, but Deeksha's bowels could not be reasoned with. She ran to the western toilet, right next to the younger of the peeing mallu sisters, and pulled down her patiala as she simultaneously held up her kurti with the other hand. As soon both were a safe distance away from the explosion, she plopped her dark ass down onto the toilet seat as it proceeded to noisily void itself. The sound of hot fresh shit plopping into cold water filled the room, echoing loudly. It even warranted a disgusted look from the peeing mallu girl who's bladder was now just about empty. She stood up, just 2 seconds after her sister, and pulled her jeans, complete with spotted green underwear back over her hairy crotch and walked away.

Ankita nearly began to cry as she turned to Sonakshi and groaned tearily,

"I can't go there..."

Sonakshi tried to comfort her but the pulsating of her bladder and the shouts of her bowels were too much to bear. She bounced in place,dampening her panties more every leaky second, and begged,

"Please Ankita, just go yaar! You'll feel better, I swear"

At that moment there was a breach in Ankita's defences. She felt her green panties begin to bulge as the contents of last night's rajma were expunged. She waddled over to the toilet ... and pulling down her purple patialas and green panties ... squatted.

The moment she was in that position, ass fully spread over the hungry steel bowl, her stretched sphincter could hold out no longer and gave up the fight, plopping log after splattery log in pile upon pile in the glowing basin.

Sonakshi had reached her toilet the same time Ankita had. Ankita was busy messing her brains out into the smelly commode on her right and a relaxed girl continued to add log after log to the growing pile to her left. Sonakshi deftly squatted between the two and tore her purple tights and defiled green panties down to her ankles as an arc of piss erupted from between her waxed dark lips. A gentle moan passed her lips as the first of the rajma began to work its way out of her in the form of a mammothian log. The log grew and grew, till it's bottom touched the base of the commode and it began to twirl. Still it grew. finally it broke off from Sonakshi and lay there perfect in shape. Still peeing, Sonakshi proceeded to finsh her shit.

After a good 2 minutes, Ankita was finished. She sighed in relief as a gentle stream of liquid trickled down her ass and into the bowl, sprinkling itself on the pile of excrement. She turned right to pick up the mug for washing and saw the ass of the messing Deeksha, directly on eye level. Elevated by the western toilet, Deeksha's flawless caramel ass was fully visible from the side even as it continued to unleash rageful showers into the bowl below.

Ankita splashed her ass with water, rubbing between her butt to get off any stuck particles. She was squatting awkwardly and wetting her patiala in the process but she couldn't care. She looked to her left and saw a half nude Sonakshi splashing water up her ass too.

They both went back up to the room. Sonakshi said she was going down for breakfast and invited Ankita along but the latter declined, saying she needed some sleep. The moment Sonakshi left, Ankita silently latched the door behind her and jumped under the blanket. She quickly wriggled out of her patiala pants and soiled underwear, tossing them both on the floor. Her wet pussy was still cold with the water of the mug but her vibrating fingers made quick work of that. They trembled from side to side, rocking her cunt with cosmic force. As she reached the top of the rollar coaster and her orgasm was just around the corner, the last though that went through her mind before she came was that of Sonakshi's green piss soaked panties dangling between her calves.

She could almost smell the piss from here.

*012*2016-02-02 17:57

Just as Ankita's rubbing was vibrating on its climax, the door flung open, enveloping the masturbating girl in light. She hastily grabbed for the sheets around her and drew them over herself but knew that it did no good. The damage had been done. The sillhouette moved closer and closer towards her until she could recognize the familiar face of a laughing Sonakshi.

Ankita was angry and curled up under the sheets but Sonakshi, gasping for breath, sat on the bed and laughed till she was breathless. Ankita was so embaressed her cheeks glew red.

"At least shut the door", she muttered.

Sonakshi, still laughing drew the door and returned guffawing to Ankita's side.

"So what made you do it?", she asked mockingly.

"None of your business", retorted an Angry Ankita.

Sonakshi apologized and patted Ankita on the back, telling her to chill.

Ankita grunted and rolled over.

Several weeks went by uneventfully.

Though Ankita had emptied her bowels once while squatting over that common toilet, she had since vowed never to do it again. She couldn't bear the humiliation. The eyes. All those eyes watching her , scanning her. Watching her womanly parts explode in expulsion. She shivered at the memory. Now, she regularly visits the staff only washroom, the incredibly clean one beneath her block.

Ankita took careful efforts to ensure to use the washroom at least once a day, lest a similar situation befall her. She excused herself during classes when she felt even the slightest of wince in her bladder and rushed out of the block; to sneakily creep into that spacious bathroom and void herself while sitting on the sparkling pot. She'd also begun to pay the dull cramps of the other need the respect they warranted. The moment she felt them in the morning she'd rush to the loo and void herself.

Ankita had since asked Sonakshi about the experience that night in the common bathroom. Sonakshi told her that it was dreadful, and that, had she not been bursting, she would have never done such a thing. And so their bond grew closer and closer. Ankita told Sonakshi about the clandestine 'staff only' bathroom she'd found beneath the block and Sonakshi nearly cried with joy. For in the land of muddy holes, a pot's a throne.

Over time, the bathroom became Ankita and Sonakshi's little secret. Though they hardly ever spoke of it, they both used it plentifully. Then one day, everything changed.

It was right after a biology class at 12 in the afternoon. Ankita's little finger had got her permission to leave the class early. Ankita performed her now standard routine, scanning the area around for people before quietly slipping behind the door. She bolted it, walked over to the half basin, and slid down the top of her purple patialas and standard grey panties. While she was doing this however, she slipped on the trailing hem of her patiala and flew off the table, her head thumping against the laundry cabinet that lay opposite. The cabinet gave a hollow response.

Ankita muttered a curse and climbed back onto the toilet. As the contents of her bladder began to drain out, trickling into the watery basin, she looked at the cupboard closely. Something was suspicious. As she finished she dabbed between her thighs with toilet paper and stood up. Pulling her patiala up with one hand, she opened the cupboard door with the other. What she saw shocked her.

Rows of neatly organized detergents and mop rags adorned the cabinet. However one of the sides, the left side, was fake. It could be slid back and was large enough for Ankita to stand in, and even sit in, of course with her legs curled up. There was a narrow strip of emptiness in the wood of the cabinet door on the face of this hideout. Peeking through it, Ankita got a full view of the toilet, perfectly from the front. She crawled out of the cupboard and proceeded to inspect the slit. She found that it lay situated in the hinges but due to some bending , was borderline invisible from outside. Her heart raced though she didn't know why.

*014*2016-02-02 21:44

One day, around 8:30 in the morning, Ankita was emerging stealthily from her coveted bathroom stall having taken her morning dump.

The toilet was majestic, as always, and it looked eerily similar to:

While sneaking away she bumped into the hottest boy she'd ever seen. He was blonde and had blue eyes, he looked incredibly foreign. He was wearing a pale white T-shirt and denim jeans. He gave Ankita a quick smile and her heart tripped on itself. Lest she never see him again, she struck up a conversation with him, during which she discovered his name was Luke and he was the chancellor's grandson. He invited her out for a drink that evening and without a second though Ankita agreed. Her simple grey panties moistened between her lips at the prospect.

Ankita returned to class, and recounted all that had just happenned to Sonakshi who quietly gasped when she heard the name Luke. It seemed he was well known and admired by all the girls. Sonakshi demanded she come along as well and eventually Ankita accepted.

That evening Sonakshi donned a loose black patiala and a metal T-shirt with a nose stud. She looked like the perfect tomboy.

Ankita on the other hand, adopted a more traditional approach. She wore a pale green pair of loose salwar and a tight grey top.

At 7 they were picked up by Luke who drove them to the outskirts of the city to a shady pub called 'L'Anguinal Subramanium'.

As they entered Luke flagged a waiter and ordered 3 pitchers and a Chilli Chicken. As they sat and drank, they ate more and more, till 6 to 7 empty plates lay scattered around the table. Still they drank.

A drunk Sonakshi twirled her hair playfully and was hitting on Luke.

"So, Luke, how is the college?"

"Good, Good"

"What do you think of the infrastructure: the buildings, the bathrooms, the classrooms..."

"The bathrooms are disgusting!", Luke laughed out loud,

"They don't even have a toilet, just a tiny hole in the ground. I can't squat!!", he burst out laughing.

Sonakshi joined in the laughter quickly but soon returned to her own well-thought out line of questioning.

"So then tell me Luke.." , she twirled her hair playfully, "How do you go if you can't ... squat??" She giggled cutely.

Ankita thought that her roomate was acting weird but strangely enough, she didn't say anything, as she also wanted to hear Luke say something. anything. To admit he shat and voided his bowels like us.

Luke whispered,

"The trick is...." , both the girls leaned in

"The trick is that I don't", he began laughing again.

Though both Ankita and Sonakshi knew far too well what he meant, they put on quizzical faces and acted as if they didn't understand. They were growing damper every second. Sonakshi's panties were a marshland by this point. Even still she managed to moan out a ,

"What do you mean, you don't?"

It seemed as though Luke genuinely thought these girls had no clue so he elaborated it. He explained simply how , ever since he had arrived a week back, he had defecated only once in the airport upon arrival. Since then he'd cut off contact with his sphincter.

The girls looked at him with mock wonder and proceeded to ask him more and more questions.

"Umm.. then", asked Ankita innocently, "Don't you really have to go?"

Luke smiled sweetly,

"Not really, in fact hardly at all"

Sonakshi chimed in,

"Well, Luke; have you ever seen anyone using a squat toilet?? Like I mean, do you know how to use one?"

This question was weird. Even by foreign Luke standards. Still he looked at them and with a fixed eye contact that melted their pussies, he answered.

"I have seen, but I do not know how. In this college there are only girl's toilets. I've been told I can use them, but more than once when I've entered I've seen 2 - 3 girls squatting all along the floor in these little steel holes and there's only one western proper toilet. So, I see, but I don't know how".

Sonakshi felt as if she'd cum right then and there. She was gently gyrating her hips on the seat, driving her mushy crotch into the fabric of the seat and rubbing it on it. Ankita looked as though she was equally short of breath.

After another hour of equally weird conversation, yet more food, and everyone trying to finish their pitcher without passing out, everyone was very very drunk.

Sonakshi burped and bellowed out to Luke,

"Hey, how do you go so long without messing yaar! You're fine after a week but I'm bursting and I've just gone this morning!"

Luke gave a drunken laugh but quickly got a sober face as he said,

"Naah, actually I'm gonna try find a toilet here. That food's not sitting with me well..."

With that he got up and went and talked to the nearest waiter who pointed him round back.

A drunk Ankita moaned,

"What does he mean by food not sitting well ya?"

Sonakshi chuckled and replied,

"Woh mutlub woh itne bada shit toh chaiye (it means he needs to take a big shit!)"

Ankita and Sonakshi chuckled together for a few seconds before a distraught Luke returned,

"No toilets?", Sonakshi asked.

"No, just holes", said Luke.

Sonakshi grimaced at the word.

20 minutes later and they were loading back into the car. Their stomachs full, their bellies filled with beer. A driver drove them back as Luke sat nervously with them in the back seat. When they reached the main college, the security let them in instantly upon seeing Luke. He drove them down till he was right outside their block. It wouldn't take an expert to see that something was wrong with Luke. He looked rather pale and was sweating, not to mention looking visibly uncomfortable. He dropped them off hastily and, wishing them both, sped off in the car.

"What was the deal with him??", asked Sonakshi as she stood in the silence outside the block.

"Dunno", replied Ankita, "If you ask me though, it looked as if that week-old shit's gonna be born soon", and giggled.

Sonakshi giggled in accord as both stood there in the freezing night.

Ankita broke the silence,

"Hey, wait here no, I'll pee and come back."

This was met with a loud curse from Sonakshi,

"Ey Chutiya! Mujhe bhee toilet chaiye (I also need). "

"We both haven't gone since we left the college no? Like 3 litres of beer ago"

Sonakshi stood squirming, thinking for a moment before nodding her head in agreement.

"Yeah I guess.."

They both walked alongside the block till they reached the 'staff only' toilet. As Sonakshi reached out for the handle however, Ankita barred her path.

"Pleasse yaar!!", Ankita moaned, "I need to pee so bad. Itne urgent mera toilet karna hai!"

Sonakshi wasn't moved,

"Wait yaar, I need to go too. I know you can wait, but really I can't, Woh khana acha nai tha ( that food wasn't good)", she said, rubbing her stomach.

Ankita refused to budge an inch, squatting and standing, jumping in place and rubbing the top of her thighs frantically. She began to feel a small wet patch growing. And it wasn't because of Luke.

All of a sudden Sonakshi's concentration wavered. She relaxed her tired sphincter muscles for just a moment, only to feel a solid unstoppable log slowly emerging from her. She tried to clench frantically, but to no avail. Her muscles were pointless right now. So she resorted to the universal last measure defense; she crossed her legs very tight and squeezed her butt cheeks together as tightly as possible.

Sonakshi cracked,

"Acha, aao under me mera saath (okay, come in with me)"

Ankita needed no further prompting and ran into the stall unimpeded. Sonakshi waded behind, hobbling awkwardly as she still strained to clench her motion back.

Ankita was determined not to let this evolve into yet another embarrassing toilet episode as they had suffered in the hostel toilet. She hoped to make it out of this with her dignity and her trust in her bladder intact. She ran towards the toilet, and reached as Sonakshi was still just hobbling in.

Ankita flicked her kurti up to beneath her chin where she held it in place as she tore down her still-intact green patiala and fell whilst bursting, onto the welcoming seat. Her worry, her anxiousness, her concerns all melted peacefully away, dissolved in her gushing pee stream. It struck the bowl with a strong noise, similar to that of a spray on a tiled floor. Instantly the room began to smell, not bad, but strongly, of a mix of urine and sweaty pubic hair.

Sonakshi cried as she stumbled into the bathroom. She slammed the bathroom door shut behind her and frantically waddled over to Ankita, all the while keeping a hand on her ass, as if checking for any leakage. Sonakshi stood over Ankita shouting, almost in tears, legs tightly crossed and a smelly hand on her butt. But Ankita was too busy shooting her pressurized bladder all over the toilet bowl to care.

While Ankita was still in the middle of her stream, a loud fidgeting sound came from the door, the sound it makes as someone presses the lock to open it.

Someone was entering the bathroom!!

Sonakshi panicked and looked as if she were going to faint. In those crucial seconds, Ankita's presence of mind saved them both.

Unable to stop her forceful stream completely, Ankita shut it off the best she could, jumped to her feet and yanked up her patiala, not caring about the droplets of pee running down her soft brown thigh. She swung open the cabinet door, and shoving the cleaning equipment to one side, swung open the fake side. She pulled a shocked Sonakshi inside, shut the cupboard door and, swinging herself into the hidden section, slammed that too behind her.

The box seemed much bigger when Ankita alone entered it. Now, here with Sonakshi, they are very cramped and unable to move, in practically any direction. Sonakshi's hands were pinned on Ankita's waist and one of Ankita's hands ended up awkwardly caught between their crotches.

Ignoring the trembling of Sonakshi's bladder on her hand, Ankita looked out of the view slot, to see Luke, struggling frantically to unbutton his jeans. Luke was groaning as he bent over and struggled to remove his jeans. His legs were tightly crossed and he moaned painfully intermittently. Ankita looked on, scared to blink should this disappear. Finally he appeared to get the better of the jeans and yanked them down, midway down his ass. Even at this level, the messy brown stains were clearly visible to Ankita who gasped at the realization.

Luke had just crapped all over his pants.

Ankita felt Sonakshi tremble, jiggling her legs slightly as she whimpered. Ankita responded with a disdainful sshh!

Finally, Luke had managed to pull his tight jeans down till his upper thighs. The moment the jeans are down a log shoots out and by a fluke landed in the toilet bowl. He collapsed upon the seat, his semi-hairy dick gushing piss freely over the rim as he splattered the bowl with his stomach's woes.

Sonakshi whimpered again, then gasped quite loudly. Her body stiffened as she shot back, into the wall of the fake chamber. She looked shocked. Ankita turned and reached out behind Sonakshi to give her a hug. As one of her hands touched Sonakshi's butt however, they felt a messy deposit.

Sonakshi had finally lost control. Her log had squeezed between her cheeks and soiled her patiala. Her kajol was smudged with tears and perspiration. She jerked involuntarily as she voided her bowels and subsequently her bladder into her black patiala.

Ankita's eyes widened with realization of Sonakshi's accident. When Sonakshi had jumped back, Ankita had had room to move both her hands into the gap between the two. Now her right hand dangled idly by her itching dripping pussy. Ankita peeked out of the slot again and saw Luke, still spraying shit, massage his cock; rubbing it gently and squeezing it till it grew into a towering beast that his hands rode on.

That sight. The sight of Luke, the dignified, hot, dreamy Luke, messing uncontrollably while jerking off was too much for her. It gave her the balls to make a decision she'd been contemplating for a long time.

In a deft fluid motion, Ankita flicked open the elastic of her patiala with her left hand as her right hand went in. Owing to the darkness of the trap room, no one could tell. Ankita's hand strayed down, down till it met her damp grey panties. She slid her fingers under the panties. She slid her fingers over her cum-soaked clit, throbbing and giant.

With her free hand she reached out to Sonakshi's inner thigh. Sure enough, wherever she touched, Sonakshi's patiala was soiled. Her bowels had been emptied and her bladder was in it's final stages of relief. Ankita felt the slight trickle of more urine flow over her fingers.

And she rubs her clit faster

Glancing out the view panel, Ankita sees Luke, face contorted, muscles tensed, hand pummelling his dick as he drove ever closer to shooting his sperm all over this bathroom.

Ankita rubbed her clit faster, and faster, and faster.

Her free hand finally found its way up to the joining of Sonakshi's legs; her garden of juice. She gave it a tight squeeze, massaging it's gooey warmth deeper still into Sonakshi's clit. Sonakshi didn't say a word.

As Ankita flicks her fingers over her glistening cunt under her green patiala, she glances out at Luke, in an odd sitting/standing position, spraying his cum into the shitty toilet bowl. She reaches her hand further back and squeezes Sonakshi so deeply that Ankita's fingers sink into Sonakshi's shit-filled trevices near her ass, closest to the blast site.

And she cums.

Biting her tongue, she rides across the universe on the magic carpet of her magical fingers. Her grip tightens momentarily on Sonakshi's crotch only to weakly peel off a minute later as she returns to normality.

Within a minute, Luke finished. He wiped his ass and left, leaving a tornado-worthy debris in his wake. After he left, Sonakshi and I silently came out of our hiding place. I stood near the toilet as Sonakshi peeled her patiala off and tried to spray entire logs of watery shit off of it. It did more harm than it did good. A pantiless Sonakshi in her white rock t-shirt stood near a shit-filled kurti, her pubic hair looking beautiful on her caramel skin.

Eventually she had to slide back into her cold slimy patiala and rough it out back upstairs till the room. The moment we reached, she stepped out of her patiala, kicked it behind the door, and walked to a bed and passed out. Ankita slid out of her cum-soaked panties and threw them on the pile before going to bed.

All that's left, is a pair of gooey panties and a shit filled patiala, bundled near the door of the room 404 of the hostel.

*017*2016-02-23 12:11

¨Fuck!¨

Ankita woke up to hear Sonakshi´s shocked shout.

¨What´s the matter...¨Ankita groggily retorted but trailed off midway as she saw Sonakshi inspecting her cold soiled patiala near the door.

Sonakshi groaned softly,

¨How the fuck did this happen? I can´t believe it!!¨.

Ankita just continued lying on her bed as Sonakshi moaned over the loss of her kurti pants.

Both of them were shocked by an all to familiar knocking on the door accompanied by a loud, ÏNSPECTION!!¨

Sonakshi froze and spun to look at Ankita, wordlessly mouthing to her in panic. They stood startled for another 10 seconds or so as the nun knocked again and again. Sonakshi, hastily making a decision, kicked her shit-filled pants behind the door and flung it open.

A young nun, definitely in her early 20´s, stormed into the room and checked everything. The beds. The cupboards. The shoes. Sonakshi held her breath as the nun turned towards the door to leave. As she stood, facing the door, the smell hit her like a train. She opened the door slightly, so the pants crammed behind it were visible. She turned towards the girls, her eyes demanding an explanation.

¨Uh.. Ankita had a small accident last night maám. ¨, Sonakshi blurted out.

Ankita shot an accusing glance at Sonakshi but noticed the nun giving her the same look.

¨Both of You, meet me in my office after class.¨, said the nun as she left the room, shutting the door behind her.

Sonakshi exhaled sharply and Ankita gave her an annoyed look.

The two girls proceeded to get ready. They donned their kurtis and their pallyas and went downstairs. It was already 9 50, they´d overslept. Upon noticing this both the girls ran to the classroom, making it inside the doors in the nick of time.

Classes went as usual, with nothing out of the ordinary happening. As their classes finished, both the girls left the block and headed to the nun´s office. As they stepped out of the block however, they were pelted with exceptionally strong rain. Though it was unusual, given that the area wasn´t prone to much rain, the girls quickly forgot it as they dashed through the puddled expanse between the blocks, getting entirely drenched in the process.

They entered the block and climbed up to the nun´s office on the 4th floor. As they entered she peered out from behind her stack of papers, lowering her spectacles slightly.

¨Ah, you two. Come in, have a seat.¨

The girls approached her wearily.

The nun lay down her papers and looked at the girls.

¨Now I´m aware about what happened last night with Luke. Don´t try to deny it, don´t try to apologize. All I want to know is one thing..

¨Did either of you drink last night?

Ankita and Sonakshi shook their heads vigorously.

The nun sighed, disappointed, then retorted tiredly¨to Ankita

¨Then how did you, a grown woman of 19, end up with your soiled kurti behind the door?? Please , by all means explain!¨

Ankita was aught off guard and looked visibly stumped. Luckily for her, Sonakshi came to her rescue,

Äctually Maám whaat happenned is...

*019*2016-02-25 10:47

¨Well actually maám,¨Sonakshi quickly continued... ¨There was a small problem with the food last night. We think it was bad...¨

Unfortunately for Sonakshi, the nun instantly spotted the glaring hole in this story.

¨But you two were out yesterday. You didn´t even eat in the hostel did you?!¨

Sonakshi was stumped. Luckily for her, Ankita quickly came to her rescue,

¨We did actually maám. We had a bit before we left.¨

The nun´s eyes widened slightly, as if she didn´t fully believe the story.

¨By the time we came back though, the toilet was locked and we ... we had nowhere to go.¨

Sonakshi quickly donned a sad face to make the story more believable.

¨So...¨, the nun prompted them on, obviously still unsatisfied with their story.

¨So we were stuck in the room with no bathroom and, w..wwith all due respect maám, it wasn´t possible to control.¨, Ankita finished up.

¨So you shat yourself,¨ said the nun bluntly, turning to Ankita.

Ankita glanced at Sonakshi who wordlessly begged her to go along with it. Ankita shook her head somberly.

¨What are you, 8 ?!!? ¨, the nun continued her assault, ¨You couldn´t even control yourself for one night!??¨

Ankita looked down at the ground and shook her head in shame.

The nun exhaled as if it was a waste of breath talking to her. Änd you!¨she said, turning to Sonakshi, ¨What about you¨.

Sonakshi, caught off guard looked up quickly. The nun expounded on her question,

¨Did you , make it to the bathroom??¨ ,

Sonakshi quickly lied, ¨Yes Maám¨. As she said this lie flashes and blurry images of her shooting her liquidy shit down her patiala legs as she stood in that cramped smelly closet with Ankita rushed back to her.

¨Yes¨,she repeated again.

¨Well¨, said the nun, ¨When did you go?¨ Sonakshi was caught off guard and asked the nun what she meant. The nun repeated her question, asking Sonakshi what time she had availed of the facilities.

¨¨As soon as they opened maám, 6 o´clock¨ Sonakshi whimpered.

The nun took off her glasses and lay them down on the table. She had a victorious look on her face.

¨You weren´t there Sonakshi. I know, because I was there. I was there when the guard unlocked the bathrooms this morning.¨

Sonakshi felt her heart beating faster and faster. She felt sweaty and cold at the same time. She might get expelled for this, lying to a un is taken very seriously. She knew that the only way she could get out of this would be embarrassing beyond imagination but it may just keep her in the college. She whimpered and with a genuine tear running down her cheek she sobbed, her face contorted,

¨ I didn´t make it maám. I´m sorry for lying, I just... I just....¨ She trailed off in a stream of sobs.

But the nun wasn´t done just yet.

¨So you shat yourself?¨, she asked decievingly kindly.

Sonakshi could sense the trap. She knew what she was walking into. She knew that the nun only saw one pair of soiled leggings behind their door. If she was caught lying again there would be no lenience for her, she knew that for sure. The only way to end this line of questioning was to lie. To lie to such an extent of embarrassment that no one would believe that she was lying.

¨No maám¨, Sonkshi replied, in a timid voice interspersed with sobs. ¨I went.. I went in the corner of the room, on Ankita´s patiala.

I´m so sorry maám , I just.. I just couldn´t hold it so .. so I went...¨

Ankita and the nun were both taken aback greatly. This could be easily seen from the shocked expressions on their faces. The nun looked stumped as did Ankita. There was awkard silence for a couple of seconds before the nun spoke out,

¨¨I´m so disappointed in you two. You´re grown women, GROWN WOMEN, and you spend your nights messing in your pants and squatting in the corners! Do you have any shame!!??¨

The lightning thundered in the distance as the rain continued to fall.

Ankita and Sonakshi looked dejectedly down at the ground. The nun continued to abuse them and their lack of bowel control for a minute. Finally she fell silent and spoke,

¨Come. Come with me now. We´re going to see the principal.¨

Sonakshi and Ankita took sharp breaths and instantly began to plead with the nun but she wasn´t moved in the slightest. She stood up and walked out the door, followed by the two pleading girls. They climbed down the stairs while crying.

When they reached the first floor however, they were in for a shock. A shimmer of water, just under a centimeter, covered the entire floor.There were a large amount of girls worridly standing and looking out of the window at the raging storm. Fearing the worst the nun kept walking, to the next flight of stairs.

They were underwater.

Along with the rest of the ground floor.

Along with the bathrooms.

They were stranded in the hostel.

*021*2016-02-28 10:41

This will be the final chapter in this series. Enjoy !

The first floor hall was filled with worried girls, many of whom still didn't know of the flooding. As the news spread, more and more girls from the 4 floors of the hostel, flocked to see if it was true, crowding the hall further still.

Probably the only two who were appreciative of the flooding were Ankita and Sonakshi; coincidentally, this would give them more time to persuade the nun not to have them expelled. The nun who'd been dragging them was caught in an awkward fix. She soon let go of their hands and went off in search of the other nuns. Word of the flood spread quick and fast. The nun came from room to room, telling all the students to assemble on the roof of the hostel.

Ankita turned to Sonakshi.

"The roof of the hostel? Isn't that normally locked?"

Sonakshi replied ,

"It is but Deeksha told me that the nun got the keys from the security guard this afternoon, before the flood.

Within 10 minutes, all the girls from the hostel stood atop the roof. There were many easily recognizable faces, and many more that were not. To many students' surprise, the only nun or member of staff present was the nun who'd been harassing Ankita; her name was Monisha, Sonakshi had told her.

Monisha, the nun, stood in front of the girls and with much shouting, brought their shouting down. She began to speak.

"Silence! Now listen everyone, don't worry. We have enough supplies and fresh water; the pantry is on the 3rd floor in the staff quarters. I will select a few of you who know how to cook to help me prepare the evening meal. I know many of you are worried, but don't be. Everything is okay."

Having calmed the girls down, Monisha began to pick some of the girls who had raised their hands, to help her cook. Sonakshi and Ankita turned to leave and walked down the stairs.

For the next two hours the girls sat in their room, made phone calls (to no avail, the lines were cut), and chatted aimlessly. Somehow the topic of the nun, Monisha, came up.

"What do we do about Monisha yaar??", Sonakshi moaned, "She'll kill us for sure if we all get out of this. I can't get expelled!!"

Ankita sat silently, thinking about it for a while. Suddenly she jumped, struck by an idea.

"I know! Why don't we use the time stuck in here to convince her we're not so bad after all?!"

Sonakshi struck her head, "That's a fucking stupid idea ya, but it's the best we got."

And so Ankita and Sonakshi started to contribute, going around the hostel, consoling hysterical girls, helping with the cooking and more.

As they were doing this, they noticed a peculiar phenomenon. The girls from the ground floor had come up to the first floor owing to their rooms being flooded. As a result of this, there were too many girls for the number of rooms. Ankita and Sonakshi quickly volunteered their room for some of the girls. They told this to Monisha who seemed genuinely impressed. She gave them the keys to the storage room and told them to bring some matresses up to the roof for themselves.

By the time this was completed, dinner was ready and the girls gathered in the 3rd floor hall for the meal. As the meal was eaten, Sonakshi noticed a strange occurance; there were a lot of girls whispering furtively, bouncing their legs, and occasionally going and whispering something to Monisha. Monisha always responded with a curt shake of her head and a soft scold as the girl would return to her seat.

Sonakshi pointed this out to Ankita who had noticed it too. The lack of toilets was finally making its presence felt. Dinner was completed and the girls, many with full bladders, returned unhappy to their rooms. Ankita and Sonakshi climbed up to the roof, and , in the cool night air, decided to have a smoke.

As Ankita lit up their cigarettes they turned and surveyed the flooded land below. The vast majority of their campus lay underwater. Ankita breathed out her smoke into the chilly night air as Sonakshi said thoughtfully,

"How long do you think it'll take for help to come?"

Ankita shook her head. She didn't know any better than anyone else.

Halfway through their second cigarette, a sudden cramp hit Ankita like a wave. Her bowels stirred to life and she cursed out loud.

"Fuck!"

Sonakshi turned to her in question, but seeing her hand clutching her stomach, knew what the problem was and began to laugh. Ankita swore again, and, with legs tightly crossed, told Sonakshi not to laugh.

In Ankita's mind there was no question. She would not shit on the floor, or anywhere else for that matter. She could wait it out. She knew she could.

Instantly the ciggarette smoke dashed her resoloution, she felt her bowels cramp further still and she double over, forced to clench her tight blue jean covered ass. Glancing to her left, she saw Sonakshi showing signs of the same discomfort. Their eyes met and they knew that this was a big big problem. A very big problem.

At that moment the roof door swung open. Startled, both the girls flung their cigarettes off the roof. The door closed to reveal a thin young girl running towards the side of the roof. Before Ankita could shout out to her, the girl deftly pulled up her long nightie and squatted, knees far apart. A very loud gushing reached the girls' ears.

"Hey!" Sonakshi shouted.

The girl frantically looked up, and scared, jumped to her feet and dashed back towards the door. Ankita heard a loud splashing sound before the girl reached the door and guessed that she hadn't been able to cut her stream completely. She was jolted out of her thoughts by a slight gasp from Sonakshi and an acute cramp in her lower stomach.

"Damn those cigarettes", Sonakshi croaked.

Ankita instantly felt extremely desperate. This had happenned so suddenly she hadn't had time to fully process it. But now she had. She needed to go immediately; her bowels didn't have her sense of shame.

Sonakshi jerked and began to walk quickly away. As she passed Ankita she whispered,

"Keep a watch out for me yaar. Thanks a lot."

Ankita stood, legs tightly crossed and pressing her ass against the wall for almost a minute. Hearing no reply from Sonakshi, Ankita turned and walked in the direction that Sonakshi had vanished in. She had barely walked a couple of steps when she chanced upon a small corridor, cutting into the wall, devoid of curtain or door. In the back, there were a couple of jagged stones placed around a large hole. This was obviously a servant's toilet of sorts.

Over the gaping hole squatted a relieved Sonakshi, her legs completely bare, revealing her milky thighs. Her kurti pants lay crumpled by the side. She'd probably removed them for manoeuvrability, thought Ankita. Sonakshi crouched, hunched in the corner, her ass against the wall and her face towards Ankita. She quickly noticed Ankita and, with mock outrage shouted,

"Ey!! Go yaar, chod do mujhe (leave me yaar! Let me shit in peace)"

Another powerful cramp made Ankita's insides feel like water, gushing around looking for escape. She replied to Sonakshi,

"This is serious, I need to go NOW. How long will you take??"

Despite the fact that Sonakshi was squatting, her ass was held higher than normal above the bowl, probably to avoid the disgusting horrors inside the unclean bowl. As Ankita was finishing her question, she noticed a long brown serpentine log snaking down between Sonakshi's legs. It hit the bottom of the bowl with a soft 'splush', and Sonakshi, visibly relieved answered,

"A while."

A small wetness on the back of Ankita's underwear told her that she didin't have ' A while '. She quickly made a decision and rushed towards the bowl where Sonakshi was forcing out another log. Anktia desperately unbuttoned her pants and within a second yanked them down, along with her semi-soiled pink cotton panties.

Before her ass was even fully extended away from her body, a large log forced itself free, dropping between her feet, right outside the toilet. Ankita quickly squatted and her bowels shot their contents into the bowl. Sonakshi was both shocked and mortified. She was less than a foot away from Ankita, and they were.... they were both going. Sonakshi was hunched over near the wall, at the back of the hole, whereas Ankita had squatted with her ass towards her, right in front of the bowl. From this angle, Sonakshi watched in taboo awe as another log was squeezed out of her.

Sonakshi was confused. A strange emotion seemed to be rising up. She was by no means an innocent girl, having had sundry sexual encounters before with multiple men, but this feeling ... this feeling was something different entirely. She felt increasingly aware of the throbbing wetness under the hair between her legs.

A weak stream of piss flew out from between Ankita's legs and she attempted to duck-walk backwards, towards Sonakshi, as her stream was falling outside of the toilet, dampening the dry rocks. By accident. Ankita's lower back / ass bumped into the gap between Sonakshi's widely spread legs.

This was more than enough for Sonakshi to throw aside her hold-ups. She slowly began to close her legs, enveloping the squatting figure of Ankita inside their wetness. While cuddling her like this, her right hand sneakily snuck out over Ankita's right thigh and placed itself on her still wetting cunt. The warm wetness drove Sonakshi insane as she gently rubbed from top to bottom, while her fingers ran from side to side at vibrator like speed. Ankita doubled over in her squat, rocked by waves of pleasure. She drove one hand between the gap of her own legs so that it came up right between Sonakshi's. Sonakshi sat up in astonishment as Ankita's fingers instantly found the spot.

Within a matter of minutes, Ankita nearly collapsed, gasping loudly, as a powerful orgasm rocked her thin figure. Seeing Ankita, Sonakshi followed suit within a minute.

Both quietly withdrew their hands and reached out to the water bottle they'd carried. They splashed their asses and rubbed it down, then rinsing their hands, stood up to leave. In their wake, a hole full of shit and two dripping wet pussies were all that remained.

The next morning, as the sun rose up, Sonakshi woke up and walked around the roof. Stretching her limbs in the crisp morning air, she felt incredibly good.

As she turned the corner, she saw a young dark chubby girl with flowers in her hair, hunched in a corner of the roof. A stream of darkness of the pale white roof, ran away from her and towards Sonakshi. Rather than saying anything, Sonakshi watched quietly as the girl finished her no doubt urgent pee, and returned guiltily to the stair case, leaving a small puddle and a stream.

Sonakshi returned and woke Ankita up who greeted her with a smile. They got up quickly and began talking about random things, nothing related to the intense orgasms the night before. The topic of bathrooms was first brought up by a guilty Sonakshi who hinted,

"Hey.. Ankita, do you think we ought to tell the other girls about the toilet up here??"

Ankita looked curious,

"Why?"

Sonakshi responded, "Well, obviously the girls down there must be bursting! I just saw one wetting in the corner now!"

The full light of the situation dawned on Ankita but she still shook her head. She justified herself,

"Sonakshi, I've been thinking. There's no toilets right? None except this, that nobody knows about. Remember Monisha?"

The genius of Ankita's plan dawned on Sonakhi. Ankita continued,

"If we hold on just a little bit longer, Monisha will definitely have an accident. And as long as we're there when it happens, she can't report us to the principal. We'll be out of trouble! Then everyone who's been able to hold on can go to the toilet, we'll tell them where it is."

"And the others?" Sonakshi inquired.

Ankita looked serious yet determined. "Collateral Damage."

The two girls set off downstairs, locking the roof behind them lest anyone try to get easy relief. They were determined to hold out against Monisha, however long it may take. As the girls reached the dining hall, they realized that they wouldn't have to wait long.

The dining hall was a swarm of desperate girls, picking at their food unintrested. Far more worried about the sharp contracting pains in their stomachs. Ankita scanned the dining hall and found Monisha sitting tightly on a chair in the corner, her legs securely crossed. Unlike the other girls who had long since changed into more comfortable attire, Monisha sat uncomfortable on the chair in her same brown nun dress, rocking back and forth.

Ankita nudged Sonakshi and pointed at Monisha. Sonakshi noticed it too and commented,

"She won't last long", to which Ankita nodded in agreement.

The moment the meal finished, Monisha forced herself to stand up and between shaking legs, told everyone to assemble in the 2nd floor chapel for mass. The room groaned collectively but was instantly silenced by the nun's angry glares.

The chapel was an awkward sight. Girls sat, pressing their asses into the seats with force, visibly straining to keep their dinner out of their panties. Ankita looked on with a sadistic hint of glee but Sonakshi didn't feel the same way. Remembering the humiliation and pain of messing herself, Sonakshi felt incredibly guilty to be forcing it on others. Yet she knew it was the only way.

Monisha waddled onto the stage, still wearing the same enduring dress. She stood behind the podium and began to speak. Despite covering her body, the podium did little to hidee the distraught desperate expressions that plastered her face. Her continuous bouncing was also easily noticed. She began to tell the tale of Noah.

"...And as the waves climbed higher and higher, they threatened to wash away ..... "

A loud wet fart cut thorough the stillness of the chapel. Towards the back, a girl that Sonakshi recognized as one of the dark mallu twins, began a slow yet loud cry. Her face was crumpled in concentration melting into tears . . . and piss. The girls sitting next to her began to whisper and move away as her cry grew louder and a dripping puddle pooled beneath her soaked green skirt. Her cry cut away into a sob as her sister came and helped her to her feet as she waddled out of the room.

Sonakshi was wrecked. She felt horrible for having allowed this to happen. Without any though or sub-motives she shouted,

" Hey! Come Come! We found a servant toilet on the roof!!"

The moment Sonakshi said the word 'toilet' , everyone in the hall turned to look at her. Even those who didn't appear externally desperate betrayed their poker-faces with the eagerness with which they turned. In a matter of seconds, the chapel was emptied out as the girls fled like an avalanche. At the back of the mass, Sonakshi caught the eye of a running Monisha, urgently trying to keep up with the horde.

Ankita had ran ahead the moment that she realized Sonakshi had deviated from the plan, and unlocked the roof door, lest a massive stairway mess be blamed on her. The first one up the stairs was Deeksha, carrrying a large water bottle in one hand. Ankita quickly pointed her in the direction of the toilet. Deeksha ran down the corridor and upon seeing the hole, didn't look taken aback in the slightest. She slid down her baggy jeans carelessly, so they were around her ankles, and squatted right over the centre of the hole.

The horde of other girls were soon upon them .They all gathered around the entrence to the corridor, watching Deeksha splatter her shit into the overflowing hole. The girls were unsure of what to do, they just stood there shaking, as if waiting their turns. The whole thing went to shit when a crying Punjabi girl came sobbing, cutting through the gathered mass as a splashing torrent of piss ran down her left leg. She tore off her pink tights and squatted on the patch of roof in front of Deeksha.

The moment the Punjabi girl's piss hit the cement the rest of the girls lost their inhibitions. One rushed into the corridor and then another and then another. Ankita had to run to get out of the corridor which was now crowded with 8 to 9 squatting girls, all in various stages of relief. A loud splatter of liquid tatti on the roof assured Ankita of the nature of their urgency.

As she escaped the group of girls she came face to face with a panting Monisha. She was red-faced and clutching her ass with one hand as she tried to push Ankita aside with the other. Upon seeing the horde of desperate girls squatting in and around the corridor she turned in shock and anguish to Ankita.

She jammed her free hand between her thighs and moved her hips from side to side. She was obviously in her final stage.

Sonakshi ran up the stairs and, seeing the Monisha, so dangerously close to a full-blown accident, knew that she'd done the right thing.

The nun's face suddenly cringed as a soft whimper of a cry broke through her taut lips. As her hand's grip on her crotch relaxed the girls looked downwards, towards the growing pool of urine. Lines of piss appeared on her dress and were concentrated on the crotch, the area where she'd been pressing.

A loud plop cause Sonakshi's eyes to widen aghast. A full length log, about 6 inches or so, fell with a splat between the nun 's legs. It was instantly drenched in the torrential downpour of piss that she continued to spray.

Ankita gave a smirk,

"I'd always wondered if nuns wore panties.."

Another log plopped out of an embaressed and soiled Monisha, staining her feet as it fell.

"I guess that's my answer. "

A victorious Ankita and Sonakshi turned away from the nun soiling herself, away from the 10 girls pooping on the roof floor, and holding hands, vanished into the hostel.

Their plan was complete

