Ciel's Long Car Trip

Author: OtakuGurl183

*000*2014-10-16 01:44

Hello! OtakuGurl183 here with my first post. This story is about Black Butler, mainly because it's one of the animes I've finished watching (^.^*) plus I love it. I am a huge Ciel x Sebby fan too!!!! >.<

So here's the story. (It's in modern times too.)

###

Ciel sighed. It was rather boring here in the car. He and Sebastian were headed somewhere in...what was it? Arksan? Arken...Arkansas! That was it! They were moving there from L.A. so that no one thinks it's weird that they haven't aged. At all.

They had move from London to L.A. because they had told everyone they were dead. So, no to arouse suspicion, they moved. It's now the year 2014 and no one found out.

Ciel sighed again and looked out the window. He very, very bored just sitting here for hours. As it was the middle of summer it was very hot, so Ciel drank lots of water. He may be a demon, but he still got thirsty too! He was opening his third water bottle when he heard Sebastian chuckle. Ciel glared at him.

"What?" He glared at Sebastian harder. Sebastian gave another chuckle.

"Well, if you drink all that water then it will have to come out eventually." Ciel looked confused until he realized what that meant. He turned red and looked out the window, drinking about half of the water bottle in one go.

He knew Sebastian had a point. Ciel could feel the water inside him, sloshing about with the car. He shook his head. He could obviously wait until they stopped. But, just thinking about it made him feel the need more. He brushed it off. He could wait. He drank more water, feeling it fill into his bladder.

###

Sooo.....First chappie done! Victory dance. The later chapters will have more despation, I promise.

