[Glee] Finn's Accident Part 1

Author: Krinity

*000*2012-09-23 05:21

He fidgeted in his seat, glancing at the clock. 1:07. Class had started 7 minutes ago, and to avoid the tardy bell, Finn had to skip the bathroom on the way to class, and now he was desperate. He needed to get to a bathroom. Why had he had so much to drink at lunch? He glanced at the clock again. 2:08. He wasn't going to make it through class. He raised his hand.

"Yes, Finn?" the teacher asked. "Can I go use the restrooms?" he asked. Of course the answer would be no. The math teacher was brutal on them, and no bathroom breaks were allowed during tests, of which Finn was doing right now. "No." Finn had been right. "But I really gotta go!" he said, his immense desperation causing his voice to crack. "You should have thought of that before class started then, Finn." was his reply. He fidgeted again. He couldn't stop moving, crossing and uncrossing his legs, drumming his fingers on his desk, glancing at the clock, quivering, the whole 'I need to pee, and I need to pee NOW' package. The clock now said 1:09. The teacher decided to write one of the test's questions up on the blackboard and have whoever didn't raise their hand come up and answer it.

"Who can show us how to solve this problem from question 27?" the teacher asked the class. Everyone except Finn raised their hand. "Finn, why don't you show us?" the teacher said. The clock was at 1:11, and Finn knew he couldn't hold it much longer without a hand at his crotch, but doing that in front of the class would be embarrassing. He got up and walked to the front of the class. The problem was a trigonometric equation, and a difficult one at that. Finn's bladder was causing a lump to appear on his stomach, pressing against his belt. He picked up the chalk, and began to solve the equation. 1:19, and Finn's desperation to pee was at an 11 of 10. Turning around because he had solved the equation, his bladder and muscles let all he had been holding in out. He was wetting himself uncontrollably, and the whole class was watching and laughing. Laughing at him. He'd be the laughingstock of school for who knows how long? And all because he couldn't hold his pee.

The next day, when he walked through the halls, everyone saw him and laughed at him. Later, after lunch, two of the guys on the football team refused to let him in the bathroom. He had drank more soda than he had yesterday, and needed to pee as bad as he had at 1:15 the day before. Still no access. He trudged off to math class, and more embarrassment.

Around 1:05, he raised his hand.

"Can I go use the bathroom?" he asked.

"You can wait until the end of the lesson." was his reply. "Now come up here and solve this equation. As soon as the equation was solved, he turned around, and, on came the accident. It was worse than the last, and his mom found out this time. The next day, he came wearing something he thought more embarrassing than wetting himself: a diaper. It rustled quietly and itched him, so the football team knew by the end of lunch. After lunch, the same football guys from the day before came up, got him in only his diaper, and got him to his class, in only a diaper, and got him to do the whole class in only his diaper. When he walked out into the halls, pure embarrassment.

