Yukari Satou's Life

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-01-06 12:06

Yes, this was a story a while ago I had going, but I've rewriting it to show what she was like before going to the Brown's house, and I'm going to continue the story and many things will be a little different from what I had originally wrote. I'd like to think it was a liked story, so I'm glad to mention I'm restarting it to see if anyone will like it...

Here we are...

Chapter One

Yukari Satou’s

Cursed Gift

“Get up, Miss Satou,” the elderly ‘aunt’ that her mother had hired to take care of Yukari walked through her room to open the window blinds. “You have an exciting trip with your school today, remember?”

Yukari sighed. She wasn’t like the normal teenager looking forward to going to Kyoto with her classmates. She simply wanted to go to the nearby city of Mito to see her mother in the hospital. She missed having her mother around, especially now that she was reaching into her teen years.

“I don’t want to go to Kyoto,” Yukari whispered to the silver haired curly woman who was heavyset and a little short, but still just taller than Yukari. “I want to go to Mito and see my mom.”

“I know,” Seina san whispered. “But you can’t live your life in the hospital, and your mom wants you to get out and do things with your friends like you used to.”

“I would be more willing to do so if she could just come home to live,” Yukari sighed. “I know that because of whatever she is sick from, that she can’t, but I would be more inclined to get out more if I knew that my mother was home and healthy all the time.”

Seina san smiled. Yukari was a caring girl, and she didn’t even understand Mrs. Satou’s real problem, but she knew that if she died, that her daughter really had no one left. Mrs. Satou had never been properly married, Yukari’s grandparents were already gone, and she didn’t have any uncles or aunts as far as Seina san knew.

Yukari sat up in her futon, and looked around her room which was suddenly bright with the sun. She was twelve years old for about two months now, and it made her feel really embarrassed to be sitting in puddle of pee between her legs. Seina san would never laugh at her, and she knew it, but she still didn’t want her to see what she had done.

“I’ll get up in a few minutes,” Yukari looked up at the elderly woman. “I just have to get motivated.”

“As you please, miss,” the woman walked towards the door of the girl’s room. “Just don’t take too long. You don’t want to be late for school.”

When she walked out of the room, Yukari crawled out of her wet bed, her purple panties clinging to her skin in an icky sticky sort of way. The cool air around her bum reminded her of why she wanted to stop this childish behavior, because not only was it embarrassing, but it was too cool in a January morning to wake up to this kind of feeling, and she would have to take a quick bath if she didn’t want her friends to know that she still wets the bed.

Yukari gathered some things out of her dresser, and then she walked to the bathroom to turn on the shower.

Seina san sighed as she heard the shower. She knew what that meant, and it wasn’t her place to tell the girl that she was too old for this. In just a few months, she would be starting junior high school, and there she was still wetting the bed like a little kid. What could she do though?

Yukari finished her shower very quickly not wanting to make herself too late, she walked into her room to get some clothes for school. Mrs. Seina was in the kitchen preparing her some breakfast.

“Seina san!” Yukari called in her native Japanese language. “I don’t see any clean underwear in my room!”

“I’ll be in in a minute,” the woman called back.

Not more than five minutes later, the woman came back to the room with some panties and t-shirts. “Yukari,” she started very calmly and with an air of testing the waters. “Don’t you think, that maybe since you are going to start junior high school in a few months, maybe you should try to… do something to stop this problem?”

Yukari looked up at her wondering what she could do to stop it. It wasn’t like she was doing it on purpose.

“Maybe you could drink all your liquids for the night before eight,” she suggested. “And then try to pee before bed every night.”

“I already pee before bed every night,” Yukari looked at her with her almond shaped amber eyes sparkling with innocence.

“Do you cut out your liquids before eight?” she asked.

Yukari shook her head no.

“Just for a short time, to see if it works?” the woman tried to plead with her.

Yukari shrugged. “I’ll try if it makes you happy,” she sighed. “It’s not like I want to wake up wet. It’s cold, disgusting and embarrassing.”

Seina san nodded. “I figured as much, Yu chan. I just figured you didn’t know any strategies for helping yourself to stop.”

Yukari nodded. She figured that not drinking as much at night might help, but she didn’t really know what time to stop drinking. She also wasn’t sure it really would help. What if she got thirsty? Well, if her ‘aunt’ wanted her to try, she would stop drinking liquids after eight.

Yukari then had breakfast and before she knew it, she was on her way to school.

###

Before anyone from the other grades arrived, the sixth graders were all ready for their one day trip to Kyoto. This was something of a graduation present the school always did for the sixth graders who would soon become junior high school students. The kids would not really be required to study anything, but just enjoy the rich culture around them from a past long goneby.

The luxury busses were pulled up to the school waiting for the students to board. Yukari was still not too excited to be going though she stood out there with her classmates, her best friend Saki next to her side. Not only did she rather go see her mom, but also since they were staying the night, she might embarrass herself in front of her classmates and her best friend. She still had not had the courage to tell Saki that she wets the bed at night.

“I’m so excited,” Saki turned to Yukari. “I can’t wait to get on the road and see many interesting places.”

Yukari nodded mostly just to not look weird, but how could she tell her best friend that she’d rather be at the hospital spending the time with her mother? Would Saki understand? Maybe. Saki was a very nice girl who thought a lot about others when given the chance, but still this was Kyoto. This was a place that they had never been to before, and the two girls would get to share a motel room together. Was it selfish to not be excited about that?

The students started to board the bus, still chattering about what they expected to see and what they wanted to do in Kyoto. Yukari climbed aboard among them, but her mind was not with the gossip. It was still dwelling on the feeling that she was not with her mother, and it felt like something important was going to happen on this day, but she didn’t know what that was.

Yukari had a funny connection with her mother that her friends and her teachers all misunderstood. They thought was so lonely for her missed mother that she just made up stuff about feeling her mom’s spirit around her, or maybe she really thought she felt it, but it was just her mind playing tricks on her. Yukari, however, knew it was more than that. She couldn’t explain it, but she knew what was going on with her mother from moment to moment in a day. How she knew, she couldn’t explain. It didn’t come in words or pictures, but just in feelings, and as she took her seat on the bus, she had a very nervous feeling that had nothing to do with the trip they were about to take.

She had long given up trying to explain this to her classmates, her teachers, or other people because no one really understood it. They would sometimes humor her, thinking that it was sad that her mom was in the hospital and unable to be at home for her. Because of that, no one in her class could ever tease her for any mistakes that she made regardless of how clumsy those mistakes were.

“The bus is leaving,” the students suddenly got excited as the bus pulled away from the school. The teachers had to remind several students to return to their seats and to sit down, but the smiling children didn’t think twice about being scolded for being out of his or her seat. They just complied and sat back down and talked excitedly with their friend.

Saki was one of the kids that was sent back to her seat next to Yukari. Yukari barely noticed her come back as she had her eyes closed and was thinking about something deep within her soul. She wanted to know what her mother was feeling, and she wanted to calm a fear within her being that told her that something important was going to happen on this day.

“So, I guess I’m going to get my little brother some pokemon cards as omiyage (souvenirs) if I can find them,” Saki was saying not realizing that Yukari wasn’t really listening to her. “He loves pokemon, and I’m sure that I might find something new in Kyoto that he doesn’t have.”

Yukari felt something deep within her, still troubling her about her mother. Something serious was going to happen today, and somehow, it was going to affect this weekend. This weekend, might be the last time Yukari saw her mom. She was feeling these urges stronger and stronger, and it made tears run down her cheeks from her tightly closed eyes.

Saki just turned to look at her, when she noticed and she ran to the teacher’s seat to tell him that Yukari was crying. The teacher, unsure of why Yukari could already be sad, led Saki back to her seat and saw for himself that Yukari was now taking in big gasps of air as though she was trying to hold back from outright wailing her sadness throughout the bus.

Mori Sensei knelt down next to the seat, and he wiped Yukari’s eyes. He whispered as softly as he could. “What is it, Yukari? What’s wrong?”

“I shouldn’t have come on the trip,” Yukari cried. “I should have gone to Mito instead.”

“Isn’t that where your mom is in the hospital?” he asked her showing that he knew very well her whole situation at home.

Yukari nodded.

“Why should you go to Mito today, instead of going with your friends to do something fun?” he asked her. “Your mom would not begrudge you enjoying yourself, honey.”

“It’s not that,” Yukari looked at the short haired man with glasses that often made his students laugh with his silly games when nothing serious was happening. “I… I have a feeling.”

“A feeling?” he asked concerned. “Did you get a phone call last night?”

Yukari shook her head no.

“Did anyone tell you that your mom is worse off?”

Yukari shook her head again.

“Then you have no reason to believe your mother is in any different a condition than you last checked, and I’m sure the feeling you are having is just guilt, but you shouldn’t feel guilty for living,” he smiled at her. “Your mom wants you to live and to enjoy life. You worked hard for graduation this year, and you should profit from your hard work and enjoy yourself on this trip.”

Yukari looked at him wanting him to understand just this once, that it had nothing to do with what he was supposing. She knew that something was going to happen today, and she didn’t know why. She just knew that something in her mother was going to change, and it would affect what she came to see this weekend when she saw her mother.

Mori Sensei shook his head and presented a Kleenex. It was much easier to say these words, but it was hard to make the girl believe him if she truly felt guilty about having some fun for a change. As he understood it, when Yukari got home each night after school, she spent all her free time doing homework, cleaning house, and then praying for her mother’s health. She had stopped playing like a natural kid more than six months ago, and she had stopped spending time with her friends about the same time her mother went into the hospital to stay about two years ago.

Mori Sensei stayed there, watching the girls, waiting for Yukari to calm down and to give him that little smile that told him that she would be okay even though she wasn’t completely over being worried about her mother. He could never expect that, because her mother was in the hospital to stay.

He finally stood up and walked back to his seat, checking on students on his way.

“You know,” Saki whispered to Yukari. “Mori Sensei worries about you. I think he wants to be your daddy.”

Yukari smiled at this because everyone teased about him being everyone else’s dad, but never admitted to wanting him in their family. Still, Yukari could feel a small pull at her innards that told her that she could have a worse father than him. She wondered if her classmates secretly had the same pull in their own guts. She could never admit this though or ask Saki to be sure because it would be so uncool to want a father that badly.

Yukari still couldn’t shake the feeling that something was going to happen to her mother on this day. She was getting more and more worried as the bus drove on towards Kyoto. How could she enjoy her time, with something so unknown and troubling on her mind? Why didn’t the doctors tell her what her mother had? It was like she had cancer, but somehow, Yukari knew it wasn’t cancer. Still, whatever it was, it felt just as dangerous to her mother, and something told her that something important about the sickness was going to happen on this day.

(No real wetting in this first chapter, but there will be some to come)

