Two deadly liquids

Author: anonymous guy choc

*000*2012-10-03 00:05

Thank you for reading my very first ever omorashi story. This story was written entirely by me, though ishigrensa helped proofread and provided a few ideas; such as the name of this story. Input or critique is appreciated, please enjoy. Also, if IForgotMyPassword is reading this, I would like to thank you for giving me such a good name for the protagonist.

One last thing, if you have never read anything of my roleplays, here is how to read this: unaffected text, actions and narration. text in quotation marks: dialogue. text in italics: character's thoughts. text in different colors; a different character is speaking.

I hope you all like the story. Happy reading.

One drop; one drop was the difference between life and death; one drop of golden liquid that would fall directly onto the target’s head. It was fitting in a way, she had wanted to kill him with a drop of toxin, and now her own life was endangered by a drop of liquid. It didn’t much matter how fitting it was, as scared as Kimiko (Yes I stole the name from IFMP, deal with It.) was right now, it was all she could do to keep that drop and all the others with it sealed up.

How did I get myself into this situation?

She knew though, exactly how she had gotten herself into this situation. Kimiko was a ninja, and a damn good one at that. At birth she was selected from her village to receive her training, and she lived, breathed, and would die the way of the ninja.

Kimiko was not a houri, she did not seduce her targets with her beautiful looks like so many other female ninja did, though she easily could have. Her long flowing hair cascaded across and around her small head like a waterfall of some shining black liquid. Her features were soft, her skin nearly flawless. Her eyes were like tiny sapphires the way they sparkled. She had a small frame that belied her tremendous power and martial prowess, and her breasts were small as well. She had been given a diet to try to keep her as slender as possible without hurting her muscular structure and it had worked wonders for her. She was as tiny and agile as a hawk in flight, and twice as deadly. She was, in so many ways, perfect.

Kimiko was not a novice to killing either; she had done it many times before. This time, she was assassinating a high ranking general of the Shimazu Clan. She had been given her orders and rode immediately to intercept the mobile general and his army. She had waited, unmoving, for 4 hours before she began to feel her bladder filling. She had, of course, eaten and drank during this time, her meal of rice, fish, and water was long gone by now. She was about to rise to relieve herself in the dark as she had done so many time before, when she saw the lights of General Konda’s army. She sat down once more, knowing they would stop soon and she could infiltrate the army’s ranks. If she failed to kill the general tonight, the next morning he would leave and attack his target. She could not afford to fail, and so she decided to hold it in.

I will wait, as is my duty. I only hope this will not interfere with my other duties.

After an hour of wait, during which time Kimiko remained perfectly still; not squirming from her need, nor holding herself, nor breathing more than was necessary, Kimiko saw the general commandeer the house of a wealthy merchant to sleep in.

Perfect. You’ll be going to bed soon, but not before you have a very special drink of sake. I hope you like it, for it will be the last one you ever drink.

Kimiko ran as silently as a cat through the underbrush as she made her way over through the small town, however, this proved very difficult. After not having moved for so long, each soft step sent a pang of desperation to her now full bladder and by the time she reached the wall surrounding the merchant’s house, she could not help but cross her legs.

This is what I was afraid of. I mustn’t move, mustn’t make a sound, mustn’t be seen.

Kimiko kept her legs tightly crossed, but refused to move or bounce around to ease the pressure. She waited outside the wall for a bit before making her way over the wall and into the merchant’s small garden. There she saw two guards on every single doorway, and one on the roof. All were armed to the teeth.

Idiot. One guard on the roof? That’s begging for it.

Kimiko snaked her way as close to the building as she dared without leaving the garden’s protection, but that was when she felt it; a huge pang of desperation overtook her, and she involuntarily bent low as it hit her.

“Eep!”

“Did you hear that?”

“Probably just a mouse.”

“Yeah, you’re right.”

Oh thank the heavens. I can’t believe how desperate I am, and I really can’t believe I let out a sound like that. That’s how the young ones get killed.

Kimiko saw another gap in their defenses: a small alcove jutted into the wall, which would provide her with a perfect climbing route to the roof as well as being in the guards’ blind spot. She smiled but then frowned as she realized the strain it would put on her bladder. If she wet while climbing it would splatter onto the wood below and she would be caught and killed.

Oh well, gotta take the chance. This has to be done now.

Kimiko dashed into the alcove as the guards scanned away from her and hid in the shadows it made. Thankfully, she had not yet leaked even a drop of pee into her gi.

Oooooh. That was close. Can’t pee here; have to wait until I’m at least far enough away from here to not get noticed. Come on Kimiko, you can do this. You are a trained killer; you can’t wet yourself like a tiny child.

Enduring her bloated bladder, Kimiko began to make her way up the space in the alcove, her bladder nearly making her release another groan. It was torture shimmying up there; she had to bottle up everything; noises, urine, she could not afford release.

Must... not… pee.

Her bladder gave a jolt near the top, spraying a tiny portion of its contents into her black uniform, nearly making her release another squeak in the process. However, she managed to regain control over things before more than a few drops slid past her womanhood.

Gotta… hold… on… can’t… pee.

Kimiko peeked over the top of the roof to see the archer on top. He was currently walking the perimeter of the roof, scanning for people like her, and he was about to have his back to her. As soon as he did, Kimiko jumped up and ran up behind him as quiet as before, sticking a small knife into his throat. As the blood leaked from her victim’s jugular, her own fluids began to leak again.

No! Not now, not yet, please, just a bit more time.

She stopped peeing after only a few seconds, but she felt so warm and wet down near her vagina. She could not see the damage, as it was night and she was in all black, but she felt wetness surround her entire groin and even felt some slipping around to her butt. She let the man slide down, still without a sound made, and creeped along the roof, noting a window near her alcove she used to get up to the roof. She let herself down, holding onto the edge of the roof while her body draped over the edge, and opened the window with one hand. She climbed up into the rafters, realizing where she was; directly above the general, in his bedroom.

Yes! Jackpot!

She got out the vial of fugu toxin when she felt another big wave of desperation hit her; she jammed her free hand into her crotch, forcing herself with all her might not to make a sound. Now she was in a very precarious situation; she was directly over the general, and if she peed now, she would certainly be caught and likely die. Her hand pressed down hard on her groin and she used every ounce of willpower to stay silent. She felt some of her pee from before leaking through the fabric; touching her fingers. She could not afford to take her hand away from her crotch, but she had to open the vial of toxin and that required two hands to do.

How did I get myself into this situation?

Shaking from nervousness, Kimiko slowly brought the toxin as close to herself as she dared; it was only lethal if ingested, but if she spilled it as she opened it, she could not kill the general. She brought her hand away from her crotch and uncorked the vial. She instantly jammed it back in, riding another wave of desperation.

Gotta… hold… it… in…

She lifted the vial over the general’s Sake, measuring its position carefully by eye. If the drop did not hit the drink, she would fail. Everything was riding on one liquid going exactly where it was supposed to go, and another liquid staying in place.

Please, let it work.

She poured the viscous toxin, watching the large drop work its way ever so slowly to the end of the vial. It looked as though the drop would never reach the end of the container, the toxin was so thick. She watched as it inched along, trying not to make the slightest of movements; that sake dish was a tiny target. Finally the drop hit the end of the vial and spilled over the edge, but it hung there, precariously. The drop of venom that would end his life was stuck on the end of the vial. Time seemed to almost freeze as the drop sat there, motionless… until it started to drop. She saw it move frame-by-frame, getting longer and skinnier as gravity pulled the liquid away from the glass. It looked like it might stay anyway… but then it fell. It fell quick and fell true; right into the general’s sake dish.

Oh thank you.

Meanwhile, Kimiko’s need to pee had increased severely. Watching the venom slip and fall was the worst torture Kimiko had ever endured. Her bladder was pushed to its limit, and Kimiko didn’t think she could bare it any longer.

That’s it! I have to pee so badly!

Kimiko dashed out of the window and back up to the roof before jumping down to the wall. She jumped down to the ground below. All this acrobatics was just too much for Kimiko’s poor bladder. After hours of endurance, it finally gave out, discharging its contents onto the ground. Kimiko’s pee flooded out of her like a tub turned on full blast, but Kimiko didn’t care. She shuddered from the relief peeing gave her, it felt amazing after so long and being under so much stress. Her pee poured out into her black gi and down around her legs, leaving trails of warmth and wetness down her legs. The liquid moved down through her buttcrack, wetting it before spilling out the back. As it fell from her crotch, butt, and leg bottoms, it pooled onto the ground below, making a light splattering sound that was barely heard above the roar of her pee blasting out her vagina.

That sound was almost deafening to her, but it was joined by another; Kimiko’s moans of pleasure and relief were near orgasmic, and she could not contain herself. She shuddered and moaned as more and more pee flooded out of her. The puddle created by her wetting was a large one indeed. She sat there, crouched over, for almost a minute while her bladder emptied itself through her tight clothes. She knew the guards would come to investigate, but she cared nothing about that right then. All that mattered was her intense relief. And intense it was, Kimiko nearly did have an orgasm as she finally stopped flooding herself. Her hand which had once tried to hold back the flood of her pee now joined it in pleasuring her, and she began to rub herself quickly, but then stopped as one last sound joined the massive crescendo of notes; the sound of a man choking and sputtering; the sound of General Konda dying.

“One more down.”

Kimiko then ran off, the wetness leaving a small trail for a bit, but dying off quickly as Kimiko vanished into the night, her task completed.

*003*2012-10-03 10:26

{{: 

Wow great story, i always wondered how in anime's and stuff the character's never needed to pee lol.

}}

I always wondered that too. Though the main reason to write this was because I had yet to see a ninja omorashi story. I'm sure there's one out there (rule 34. No exceptions.) but it sounded good.

*008*2013-05-01 02:02

Um, you guys know the mods frown upon necromancing topics, right?

*011*2013-05-01 19:44

{{: 

It's only been slightly over one week since the last post, so it's not "necroing"

Necroing is when you bring up a topic that hasn't had a new post for a year or more.

}}

Look at the year of the actual story. i wrote this last year.

I mean, thank you all for the kind words, I'm just saying this is an old piece.

*013*2013-05-07 19:47

{{: 

Wow, simply, wow. That was perfect. Desperation and wetting is okay, but when you add suspense to it, wow! The story was flawless and thorough. Not too much desperation, not too little. I don't even know how to explain, this is the best story I've ever read!

}}

Aww, Thanks. Like i said though, this is a really old story. I've been wanting to write another soon, but i don't have any good ideas yet. Your words warm my heart though Marin. You're a great writer yourself.

*015*2013-05-08 00:23

{{: 

Well thank you anonymous. I actually thought about something, but I'm debating it. I thought we might collaborate on writing a story, and by we I mean two or three writers, on how to create a great story. I get this feeling someone's going to be doing all the thinking, or I'll be a p** about compromise. Group activities can bring out the worst in me. Although I think I could work well with Ishigreensa. We share a brain. That's the only way I can work with people is if I mostly think like them.

}}

PM me if you would like to try it. I'd love to write a story with others, it'd keep me motivated to work on it.

