Magical Girls in Trouble - Umi's Desperate Journey

Author: Impressa

*000*2014-02-04 21:32

Here's a little something I wrote totally inspired by Magic Knight Rayearth, about a couple of magical girls who get cursed in a most desperate fashion:

###

"The Rune Savers are almost at the Crystal Spring, Despaira! If they complete the Ritual of the Holy Water then we will not be able to stop them so easily. You have failed many times, so tell me what you mean to do!"

"The Ritual of the Holy Water you say? When my latest plan comes into action, water will be far, far from their minds..."

Morning rose over the small town at the foot of the mountain, and three young girls who had been awake since the first rays of sun were packing their bags to go.

"It's not far now, Umi!" The eldest, tall, spectacled Yuri, took her bag in one hand and draped it securely over a shoulder before kneeling to fasten ankle-high leather boots. "Another day's walking perhaps and we'll be at the Crystal Spring!"

Umi was the middle girl, with a mop of curly blonde hair, and her face was set into petulant resignation. "It's still going to feel long though, Yuri."

"It was really tiring yesterday, trying to reach this town before sundown." That was Mizu, the youngest. "I don't know how we managed it."

"Well, no complaining. Let's go!"

They left the inn, and set off towards the traders' road.

"I sure wish Lemeza would notice me..." Umi was quite stricken with the young swordsman who had helped them time and again in hours of need. "He's so cute."

"Really?" Mizu looked shocked. "I wouldn't have thought a dangerous guy like him would be your type. I prefer Clow." Clow was a young mage who they had promised to meet at the Crystal Spring. "He's adorable with his curly hair and brown eyes."

"Both of you are hopeless." Yuri rolled her eyes and walked on ahead in stoic propriety.

"Is there really not a boy you like?" The voice came from the shadows, and the three girls stopped. "It's just this love potion is... three for two. Guaranteed to get you your deepest desire, just drink it."

"Love potion?" Don't listen to this witch- oh." Umi and Mizu had already handed over their gold and emptied the bottles. "I'm not interested."

###

The road up the mountain to the spring was gentle, winding lazily through the woods with the sun shining down and the nearby stream a pleasant accompaniment. Yuri was quite lost in herself, thinking about her own secret infatuation – Prince Jury, the boy they were supposed to be rescuing. He was a man, long-haired, muscular and elegant.

She was snapped from that image by the sounds of Mizu complaining.

"Miss Yuri, Miss Yuri! I need to pee!" She was hopping about like a desperate schoolgirl in class. "I'm bursting Miss Yuri!"

"Didn't you go at the inn- huh? Umi?"

"I need to go too." Umi was fidgeting on the spot, rubbing her stockinged thighs together with a much more ladylike urge. "I'm sorry. It must be the water."

"Well I don't. Hurry up." The two girls dashed into the undergrowth and Yuri heard loud sighs of relief.

###

"What is this, Despaira?"

"This, Your Ladyship, is my brilliant plan. You see, the potion I gave the two younger girls will make them feel frequent and irresistable urges to make water. It is a shame we could not afflict the older such, but two incapacitated will be quite enough to make sure they cannot complete the ritual! The only way to break the curse is to... disgrace themselves."

"Curious."

###

Umi felt distinctly embarrassed at having had to stop for relief. She had traditionally prided herself on both her prudence and endurance in such matters, an inevitable necessity when one lived – before being sent to this magical world - in the countryside. Every trip into town was at least an hour in the car, and the confines of a back seat were no place for a small bladder. So Umi had got very good at crossing her legs and not complaining – and taking every opportunity as it arose. But the urge just now had come on very suddenly, and nature's call had to be answered.

She walked on, enjoying the sunlight and the spring warmth, enjoying her comfortable new boots and the breeze on her face.

Not half an hour later she felt an unwelcome pressure in her crotch. Panic set in. She could barely ask Yuri to-

"Miss Yuri! I need to pee!" Mizu too.

"For God's sake, we'll never reach the spring at this rate. And where would you go now anyway?" The woods had opened up into a meadow of short grass and flowers. "Look, there's some rocks over there. Hold it in until then."

It was obviously the potion. Typical. An allergy?

She gritted her teeth, demurely placed a gloved hand between her legs in the folds of her short pleated skirt and walked on. Mizu was faring less well, already pigeon-toed and whining constantly.

She approached Yuri nervously. "Yuri – I think we've had a bad reaction to that potion."

"I told you not to drink it." The older girl sounded audibly angry. "Well we'll stop as and when we can until it passes, but that's a real inconvenience- Mizu?"

"I-couldn't-hold-it-Miss-Yuri-" Mizu had her underwear around her ankles and was squatting in the middle of the path. The sound of her finding relief so violently and openly was quite unbearable to Umi, and she stammered an apology and rushed to the side of the road where the flowers were thickest.

"Right! Yuri looked at the two girls as they stood shamefaced before her. "I'll be timing you. You get one bathroom break an hour, or we'll never reach the spring."

Hour 1 – 50 minutes in

"Yuri, you'll have to let her go soon. She'll wet herself." Mizu was pleading for relief, each rock or tree passed a torture. Umi wasn't faring much better, she had to admit. Her steps had got smaller and more delicate to avoid placing pressure on the wrong parts, but this was – she had realised – no worse than being stuck in traffic on the motorway out of Tokyo with no service station for twenty miles. And that had happened a few times.

Perhaps it was worse. If you were sat in a car seat in jeans you could unfasten the button, and fidget around as much as you liked. Walking up a now rocky mountain path in the garb of a Rune Saver – pleated skirt with tabard, long stockings and boots, and a heavy pack and sword – meant you couldn't do half the things a girl in a car could in times of crisis.

"Fine. Off you go, you two."

Relief came behind a tall tree after frantic fumbling with laces.

Hour 2 – 35 minutes in

"I'm sorry, Yuri." Umi dropped her pack and scurried behind a bush, frantically unlacing her skirt and tearing her underclothes down. "I couldn't hold it."

Yuri waited, groaning inwardly as Mizu returned from her own comfort break. The route to the spring seemed longer than ever.

Hour 6 – 8 relief stops

"Yuri?" Mizu sounded very, very nervous.

"You only went ten minutes ago."

"It's not that. But did you say... crystal spring?"

"Yes. To meet Clow and Lemeza."

"So... running water."

"Oh god." Umi suddenly realised what that meant. "And..."

"The Ritual of the Holy Water, yes."

"I hate you, Yuri."

Hour 8 – 12 relief stops

"The spring. There it is. Now empty out before we go in, and I don't want a word about needing to pee while we're in there, OK?"

"I... don't think my body will let me agree to that in good faith." Umi was speaking from behind a rock.

###

"Girls!" Clow was beaming at them, and Mizu's heart melted at the sight. "So good you could make it! Now, we should hurry and begin the ritual. This is the Priestess Selpha, she will talk you through it."

Selpha was young and pretty and demure, but at the same time looked as intractable on matters of relief as Yuri was by now.

"OK girls, please put these robes on." Umi could feel her need beginning to return but stayed silent, letting herself be dressed by Selpha. "The ritual will take some time so be ready for that."

They stood at the edge of a pool of sparkling water in a gleaming cave. Every so often a drop would fall and echo across the surface, jabbing at Umi's bladder. Selpha began singing.

Mizu held Umi's hand and began fidgeting.

"Please stand still, girls. It's quite distracting to Selpha." Lemeza chided Mizu.

###

"This is where it gets interesting, Your Ladyship. The girls are quite unable to endure the whole ceremony, and in front of their boyfriends would never even think to... do the unspeakable."

###

Umi didn't want to think about how Mizu was faring. Her own need was already unbearable, an icy dagger from her kidneys to her crotch that burned with every shift of her weight on her tired feet. Her high-heeled boots felt too tall, her stockings clammy and tight. She had not been in this much of a crisis for years.

She edged one foot in front of the other and squeezed, the pressure of one thigh on the other enough to provide seconds of respite. Hoping Lemeza wouldn't notice she pulled the crossed leg tighter still, hooking her foot around her ankle and bobbing down in a half-curtsey.

Yuri was trying not to watch. Mizu was much the same.

Minutes of tedious singing and agonising dripping water dragged into hours. Umi's world was discomfort.

She had crossed and uncrossed her legs, pressed fingers as intimately as possible to pre-emptively stem the flow, closed her eyes and imagined everything but water. Mizu was ignoring Lemeza's scolding and hopping from one foot to the other.

Selpha turned to the girls, suddenly. It was over – or nearly over. It had to be.

"We now baptise you-" no no no no no

Selpha did it. She poured icy water first over Yuri, bringing forth an agonisingly close trickling that was almost the final straw, and then Umi.

Right in front of Lemeza. The water running down her brow was joined by a veritable torrent running down her legs, pooling on the stone floor. Mizu lost control moments later, her white stockings darkening in seconds, her boots filling.

And it felt like a great weight had been lifted from her.

Umi collapsed to the ground in a warm puddle, trying to avoid the gazes of those around her.

"Girls? I told you this would be a long ritual, you really should have gone before we started if you needed to ease yourselves." Selpha was oblivious. "I can't believe the great Rune Savers just wet themselves like that, can you Clow?"

*003*2014-02-05 23:10

To be honest this was a lot of fun to write so I might come back to the characters at some point!

