Daniel and Amy - Page 13

Author: Barry

*301*2016-06-18 21:30

{{8 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Will be meeting both the little sis and Nikki?

}}

Nikki is Troy's sister. Amy told Dan about her ages ago, when she saw her wet herself at school behind the toilet block.

*304*2016-06-19 22:54

Chapter 32:

The name "Nikki" sounded very familiar to Dan, but at first he couldn't make the connection. But when Amy started to speak, it all fell into place.

"Nikki Peters? Pretty, blonde hair?"

Troy gave Amy his full attention, obviously surprised by Amys question, "Yeah, that's my little sis. Do you know her?"

"Yeah! Well, not really I suppose, not "know," know her. But she's in my grade at St Margarets. We don't share any classes but. Wow. Small world aye?"

Troy blushed red. Now he was unsure of what to say next. He'd just told Dan about his sisters darkest secret, not thinking for a second that Dan would know her, or even have the slightest connection to her, but now, it turned out that his girlfriend knew her. If Nikkis secret spread around the school because of this, it would be terrible, and Troy's own fault for talking.

Seeing the flummoxed expression on the bigger boys face, Dan understood at once why he looked so worried.

"Troy, it's cool. Don't worry. Amy wouldn't say anything."

Now Amy looked confused. "Say anything about what?"

"Troy was just telling me about his sister. Apparently she has the same sort of problem that I do," Dan said. He deliberately avoided any mention of Amys own incontinence. That was her own business to discuss, when, or if she ever wanted to. But Troy already knew about Dans problem, so he was happy to be the "Teenage Pants Wetter" in this conversation.

Amy just smiled, now understanding why Troy had gone quiet all of a sudden, after finding out that she knew his sister. Dans hands were clasped together in front of him on the table, and she reached across and put her hand on top of his.

"You mean the same problem that WE have Danny. It's not just you remember!"

Both Troy and Cassie were stunned. They looked at each other, then the younger kids as well, unsure of what to say.

"It's alright, Dan and I both share the same condition," Amy explained. It's not a big deal you know. Well, not as much as you'd think perhaps. And your sister Nikki does too? I'd be happy to talk to her if you like. Kinda let her know she's not alone and stuff. She seems like a nice girl, we just sorta don't cross paths a lot."

Troy looked blank, like he was having trouble taking it all in, so Amy continued.

"Or not. It's up to you of course. But don't worry about me telling anyone. Both Danny and myself know just how horrible it is if other kids know about you. I'd never, ever do that to another kid. Promise!"

"I'm sorry Amy," Troy said, "I didn't mean to be rude, I'm just kinda shocked, that's all. You see, before you and Cass got back, I was just saying to Dan about how there was another girl at Nikkis school who had the same problems as her, but they weren't really friends. I was surprised to hear that when she told me. I've told her to introduce herself heaps of times, but she's kinda shy, especially about talking about her problem. But then you sit down, and you're that girl! It's incredible! Plus when you consider that the main reason I'm talking to your boyfriend here is because of the same sort of stuff again, well jeez, that's mental!"

Amy looked at Troy, and addressed him in a way that made her suddenly sound a lot older, and more mature.

"It's not really that weird Troy. Teenage incontinence may be uncommon, but it's not totally rare. Statistics show that probably ten percent or more of kids aged 12-15 may have some even occasional form, like bed wetting. Chances are, even at your age, you probably know a kid who wets the bed occasionally. But when you're no longer a little kid, and it keeps happening, you end up going to the doctors about it, like we did, and that's where we met each other. Remember, even kids who wet still have to go to school, we can't just hide at home."

She squeezed Dans hands, flashing him a big grin.

"And you know what? I'm so happy we did meet. It's been so great to talk too someone else who understands what it's like. You can feel very alone. Your sister probably feels like that. It's just not the sort of thing kids like talking about. But do you know how she knows about me?"

Troy shook his head, so she told him, "Nearly everyone at St Margs knows, because I told them. My problems pretty bad, and I need to wear protection to school. Everyone would find out eventually, so I told them. Got it out of the way early, you might say!"

She paused to have a drink before asking, "But Troy, she's aware of my problems, why do you think she hasn't tried to approach me yet? Just to talk about it or something? I mean, God only knows that just about every other kid in school has at least once!"

"I really don't know," Troy replied. "It does seem a bit weird, doesn't it? I mean, I think if it was me wetting myself, and I found another kid my age doing it as well, I'd probably want to talk to them about it. But, like I said, she is shy, especially about that!"

"Well I'm happy to talk to her if you want me too. Like I said, it might make her feel a lot better."

Troy looked pleased. "You know what? That'd be great if you could, Amy. I love my little sister, even though she can be a real little shit sometimes! Since our dad left us, I sorta try to keep an eye on her, you know. Our mum works, so she's out a lot, so it's Nikki and me looking out for each other most of the time. But I can't help her with this. Fuck. I can't even talk to her about it."

"Language Troy!" Cassie chided him, slapping his hand from across the table. Then she smiled at Amy as well.

"You know, I think it would be be very nice of you Amy. Troy here wants to help, but like he said, he has tried talking to her, but he struggles with it, and she refuses to talk to him about it anyway. Maybe you could have a word with her. Please?"

"I'd have to tell her how I found out about it though. I mean, I can't just go up to her and start talking about wetting herself. Especially since nobody else at school knows. It'd probably be better if you told her that I knew, and I wanted to talk to her."

Troys face dropped. "Oh man! She's gonna kill me," he sighed. "But you're right. She won't talk to me or mum, she refuses to see a doctor, and she needs some support. I'll tell her tomorrow that you want to talk to her alone, okay?"

"Deal!" Amy declared, and they shook hands on it.

Cassie declared she was going out for another smoke, and Amy tagged along, leaving the boys talking. Even though there was a four year age difference between the girls, and they had only just met, they had somehow "clicked" together, and liked each other on sight.

Cassie was effusive in her praise. She told Amy again how nice she was being, and what a great girl she must be. "If I can ever help you out Amy, just ask. Troy and I will definitely owe you a favour!"

"Well now you mention it," Amy replied with a grin, "there is something you could do for me......"

Inside the restaurant, they boys were getting on okay as well, despite their own age gap. Troy spoke to Dan as an adult, and never talked down to him like a child, and it made him feel quite grown up.

Checking the time, Dan declared he had to leave, as they were going to the movies. It turned out that the bigger kids had seen it as well recently, and Troy heaped praise on it.

Walking outside, they found the girls chatting somewhat earnestly. They all said their goodbyes, and Troy again promised he'd talk to his sister about Amy chatting to her.

"So, what was your big conversation with Cassie about?"

"Well, she said she'd do me a favour for helping Troys sister, so I took her up on it!"

"Why and how Ames? What did she do?"

"She went shopping for me Catholic boy. Look what I got!"

Amy opened her bag, and sitting on top was a fresh packet of cigarettes, unopened.

"Cassies eighteen! She can buy them no problem! But she made me promise to never let Troy find out what she did. He hates smoking, and always tries to make her quit. If he found out she'd bought them for me, even with my own money, he'd get really pissed at her. But, we've got smokes again!"

"Hey! That's cool! After all that, I could certainly go one before we go in." He looked a bit worried though. "Do ya think we're smoking too much though Ames? I mean it's fun and all, and I like it, but I don't wanna get hooked on it or anything."

"Your probably right Danny. We've been doing it rather a lot, haven't we? I'll admit that I've gone from just liking an occasional one, to actually starting to crave one every now and then. Its probably a good sign that I should stop. Whaddya say we make this the last packet for a while? I won't smoke any at all unless I'm with you, I'll save 'em for weekends only."

"Sounds like a good idea. How many are in that pack though?"

"Thirty," she replied sheepishly. "If we're careful, we should get a few weeks out of them. But then we stop! Okay?"

"Okay, by me," he said, "but I would love one now though!" He checked the time, and found it was nearly ten minutes to nine. "We've got time, but I don't wanna smoke here, too many people around. Let's go around the back to the car park."

They found a spot where they had some privacy between a wall and some bushes, and were soon enjoying a cigarette each. Dan seemed to be nervous, and was shuffling around.

"Calm down matey. Nobody can see us here, and we've got heaps of time yet. We're sweet."

"But we haven't got a lot of time babe. We need to buy snacks remember, and I need to pee as well. This cool breeze is making me need to go!"

"So? Use your nappy. That's why you're wearing one. Mine's already a bit wet." She was grinning at him. "I mustn't been leaking a bit, and I did a pre-emptive strike while Cassie was getting my smokes! I thought that's why we were drinking so much, so we could wet in the movies, like you said you wanted to."

"I do wanna wet in my diaper watching the movie Ames. But I don't wanna like flood it and cause a leak because I'm sitting down. If I fill it now, I'll probably end up on a wet chair by the time the movies over."

"You've gotta start trusting these tape ons mate. Yes, I know I said that about the Molicare pull up, and that leaked on you at my place, but if you've got those bottom tapes on properly, it'll be fine, sitting down or not. These easily handle at least two wettings with no problems at all."

He still looked doubtful about it though, but she pressed her point.

"If you do a pre-emptive strike now, while you're standing up, it'll mostly soak into the front and crotch part. But the back will mostly stay dry. You'll be able to do another wee inside, and it'll soak the back of your nappy then. Just don't like flood it and like totally piss yourself all at once when you're sitting down. Lots of slow, little dribbles is the key."

She checked the time as she put her cigarette out. "Anyway, it's five to nine. By the time we get our drinks and stuff, it'll be starting, so you don't have a lot of time to go to the toilet, get your pants, onesie, and diaper off, pee, then muck about getting dressed again. Then, you've gotta remember that you're wearing a nappy you've worn before, and the tapes are already dodgy. If you undo them, and they won't do up again, you'll be in trouble. You'll definitely leak, particularly if you had an actual accident! You really should just pee now!"

The decision was just about out of his hands by now anyway. The large fluid intake he'd been putting himself through, combined with the cool breeze he was feeling, was having an adverse effect on his abilities to hold on. He hadn't leaked yet, but by now, he was genuinely desperate. He was starting to realise that even if he did try to make it to the toilet, he would probably have a real accident before he made it, and would potentially flood himself. Suddenly, a controlled, pre-emptive strike, seemed to be his safest option.

Plus, he really wanted to wet his nappy just for fun anyway.

"You're right. I'm gonna do it! Hold my hand as we're walking, and I'll give it a squeeze every time I do a wee."

She took his hand, but before they started walking, he bent down and kissed her. As he kissed, his hand tightened on hers for a few seconds, then loosened.

Amy felt a different moisture between her legs. The thought of her boyfriend wetting himself while they kissed was incredibly hot for her.

They walked back to the cinema, and as they went through the crowd, Dans grip would tighten for a couple of seconds, then relax. On, off. On, off. She didn't know how he could keep doing little dribbles but not lose control completely. When she did a pre-emptive, the best that she couldn't hope for was a slow, continuous stream. Once she started relaxing, there was no stopping her bladder from emptying entirely.

As they lined up for their snacks, his hand suddenly tensed quite firmly around hers, and this time it stayed tense. He gripped her hand firmly for about fifteen seconds, and she smiled at him, knowing he'd finally lost control and was standing beside her in a crowded snack line, wetting himself completely. He smiled back, but his smile was kind of watery, and he looked worried.

But his expression changed to one of delight when he felt Amys hand tighten against his. His girlfriend was doing the same thing. They were both wetting their nappies surrounded by other people. It was kind of a surreal feeling.

By the time they bought their popcorn and a large drink each, they had finished emptying their bladders. Amy picked her large Coke up, and gave a "cheers" gesture to Dan, simply saying, "Here's to round two."

The cinema wasn't packed, and they took their seats where there wasn't anyone sitting directly around them. The nearest other patrons were a couple of rows in front and behind, and nobody else was in their row.

Amy entered their row first, and put her drink in the holder before she sat down. Just before her bum hit the seat, she subtly swept her hand underneath her, and pulled her dress up and out of the way, placing her uncovered diaper onto the chair as she sat down. Dan wished that he could pull his pants down that easily, but that was impossible, so he waited for her, passed her their popcorn, then plonked down beside her, just as the lights started dimming.

"That was incredibly hot, Catholic girl. How do you feel?"

She wiggled her bum a bit. "Squishy," she replied with a grin.

He put his arm around her, she lay her head on his shoulder, and they settled in to watch the movie.

*306*2016-06-20 11:31

Chapter 33:

Dan kept his right arm draped around his girlfriends shoulders. During the first hour of the movie, she grabbed his hand on two occasions, gently squeezing it, letting him know that she was peeing, although both occasions were only brief.

It only took thirty minutes for Dan to start feeling full again, although not entirely desperate. He was unsure of what to do, or how long to hold on for. He had been looking forward to wetting his nappy at the movies for some time, and he was excited to finally get the chance, but, as he had told Amy, he didn't want to flood himself and cause a leak, especially since his diaper was already wet.

The thought of walking out of the cinema with a wet bum, then getting into his mothers car afterwards, was just too horrible to contemplate.

But the problem was how long to hold for. If he tried to hold on for too long, he'd no doubt lose all control and thoroughly soak himself. But if he did a pre-emptive strike too early, he'd only end up needing to pee again, and then he'd be faced with the same problem again.

At the one hour mark, after Amy had indicated that she had wet herself for the second time since the movie had started, and the third time since they had left home, not even counting her unfelt leaks, she whispered in his ear.

"You gonna pee or not, Catholic boy?"

"I guess so," he replied. "I think I'm ready."

The next thing he knew, Amys left hand had slid into his lap. He tensed up at first, but she whispered "Relax and go" in his ear. Her hand found its way into his crotch, fingers pointing down between his legs, and she took a soft, but firm grip on his penis through his pants and diaper.

At first he thought he may start having an erection, but the shock proved to be all the stimulus he needed. Without making any conscious effort to let go, he started having a real accident. He gripped her right shoulder with his hand, letting her know he had leaked, and he battled to regain control again.

He managed to, but only after peeing for a good five seconds or so. His backside shifted in his seat, as he felt the hot wetness covering his genitals, and run down between his legs towards his bum. Opening his legs a bit wider allowed the urine to be absorbed faster and more easily, and he was relieved to feel it soaking into his padding without any apparent leaks.

Amy left her hand where it was, and Dan made no effort to make her shift it either. But now the floodgates had been breached, there was no way he could stop. Yes, he could kind of restrict the flow a bit, but he had no chance of actually stopping it.

Quite simply, he was past the point of no return now, and all he could do was hope to slow the flood enough to keep his pants dry. It took every fibre of his control to hold back the flow, and even then, he was dribbling almost constantly.

Again, he relaxed his control muscles, and again, hot pee erupted out of him. Again, he clamped down on those same muscles, and again, the most he could do was restrict himself to dribbling, but the effort was monumental.

But at least it seemed to be working. His diaper was handling the punishment it was getting, although it felt like it was swelling up like a balloon. By now, his backside felt all wet, but, between squirts and dribbles, the wetness was slowly being drawn away. It took over a minute, but eventually his bladder was empty, or near enough to empty that he could regain control again.

He kept wondering what Amy was feeling.

For her part, she didn't really feel a lot. Dans pants stopped her from really feeling any heat, and although she though she may have felt his diaper swelling, she just couldn't be sure. But the way he kept squeezing her shoulder was enough to tell her that he was wetting himself quite heavily beside her.

By the time he'd appeared to finish, she could feel his penis had gone rock hard, and was pressing against her hand through his pants and sodden nappy.

When he finished, he rubbed his other hand between his legs, and under his butt, feeling for any tell tale wet spots, but found none. Kissing her cheek in the darkness, he settled back to enjoy the movie, leaving her hand sitting on the top of his stiff boyhood.

Then, after a moment had passed, he felt her grip on his pants start to tighten. She ducked her head, and removed her hand from his lap, and gripped his wrist that was sitting on her shoulder. She removed his arm, and guided his right hand into her own lap.

Pulling up her dress in the front, she guided his hand into her own lap, pressing it onto the front of her own stocking covered diaper. Dans eyes never left the screen, but his hand found itself suddenly placed on fine mesh of her black pantyhose, that were stretched tightly across her swollen protection.

Suddenly, his hand got warmer, and he felt her diaper swelling even more beneath his grasp. His fingers were touching the stockinged top of her upper thigh, and then he was aware of just a touch of moisture trickling out of her nappy.

That was to much for him to bear. His left hand grabbed at his crotch, and his body shuddered. Although he had found climax in the shower only hours ago, he again reached the heights of pleasure in his wet diaper.

Thankfully, he was able to control his breathing and verbalisation. He didn't moan, gasp, or groan. His body had stiffened momentarily, but not enough to draw any attention to himself. Amys almost silent giggle was the only indication that anyone else knew what he had just done, and he really didn't mind that she knew. When he had orgasmed in his diaper in front of her for the first time, he had thought that he may just die of embarrassment. But now, he knew that she had deliberately led him towards it, and he actually kind of liked the fact that she knew what sort of effect that she had on him.

Breathing quickly but quietly, he just slipped his arm around her shoulders again, and they settled in to watch the end of the film.

The lights eventually came on, and the credits were rolling. Neither of them made any effort to move right away, instead, they waited until the rest of the patrons were at least on the way out.

Dan stood first, and again rubbed his hand over his backpack and inner thighs. This time, he found a small wet patch between his legs, just where his left leg guard was, but it was only small, and would be virtually unnoticeable. He watched Amy as she stood up, and, seeing him looking at her, she quickly lifted the front of her dress, flashing him a glimpse of what he had been touching and squeezing earlier.

When they left, they had no problem finding Sue. She was parked on a loading zone directly out the front, waiting for them.

Dan got in the front, Amy in the back, and off they went.

Sue asked, "So guys, how was the movie?"

Dan answered with complete honesty. "I think I enjoyed that more than any other movie I've ever been to mum!"

*309*2016-06-21 12:14

Chapter 34:

When they got home, Amy excused herself at once and went to change. Dan tried to as well, but was stopped by his mother.

"So how did you go Danny? Did you, uh, have any problems?"

She didn't really expect a straight answer from him. He had always been very reluctant when it came to talking about his problems. If he answered that sort of question at all, it would usually just be a red faced grunt, and a muttered excuse about needing to change. So she was surprised when he answered openly and honestly.

"Yeah mum. I wet myself. A lot actually, more than a leak, I had a big accident. I had a big Coke and a refill at McDonald's first, then we were running a bit late, so I didn't go to the loo like I probably should have. But I didn't really feel like I needed to go when we went in, you know? I know I should have tried, but I'm wearing my onesie and a big tape on, and it would've been a hassle taking it off just to try, so I sorta got a bit lazy I guess. But near the end of the movie, I got desperate real quick, and then something happened that made me jump a bit, and I kinda wet myself. I was able to sorta slow it down, but I couldn't stop. But these big nappies work really well, thank goodness."

"Did you leak at all mate?"

"I think I might've mum. I reckon my onesie will be a bit wet down there. I wanna go and change now."

As he ran upstairs, Sue shook her head in amazement. His new friendship with Amy was definitely doing him the world of good. He was really starting to come out of his shell a lot more, she thought. Only a few weeks ago he wouldn't even talk about it, even if he woke up with wet pyjamas and sheets, he couldn't bring himself to to say anything outright, but just sort of hint that he needed a shower or to "make" his bed.

To have him not only admit that he'd had an accident, but also to tell her all about it, just never happened. It was obviously Amys doing, she decided. His little girlfriend must be teaching him that it's okay to talk about what he referred to as "stuff" when it happened. She was very happy for both of them, that they had found somebody who they could talk too. Their friendship was having such a good influence on her little boy.

Inside his room, he inspected himself in front of his mirror. He couldn't see any wet spots, but there was definitely a tiny one between his legs. He took off his shoes, shirt, and jeans. The onesie didn't appear wet as he stood there, but when he put his hand between his legs to undo the snaps, it felt wet. He unclipped them, and let the crotch flap hang down. Yep. It was soaked, and had a yellowish tinge to it. He pulled it over his head, and stood on his socks one at a time to pull them off as well, watching his reflection as he did so. His nappy was obviously saturated. It was hanging loose from his hips, where one of the tapes had come undone, and it was very discoloured. Spinning around, he saw how it was very puffy and sagging down under his bum.

Normally, he would just wipe himself down, but after his other explosion, he decided to have a quick shower. He felt kind of dirty, and wanted to wash his diaper area thoroughly. He also needed to pee again, and he could do that in the shower.

When he was dry, he put on another tape up, some fresh white ankle socks, and his Spider-Man pyjamas, and went downstairs, where he found his mother and Amy sitting in the lounge room chatting happily. Amys hair was wet, indicating that she too had showered, and she was wearing her footie pyjamas again, with her feet drawn up beneath her, and her teddy bear on her lap.

The transformation was incredible. Only half an hour ago, wearing her black dress and matching stockings, with her hair and makeup done, she had looked perhaps three years older than him. Now, she could be three years younger. The diaper sticking out of the waistband of her footies, right where her teddy bear was sitting, probably helped with that impression.

Amy was telling Sue about the movie, but when she asked him what his thoughts on a certain scene were, he realised that he couldn't remember it. As a matter of fact, the last hour of the movie was a blur. He had enjoyed the big shoot out at the end, but just couldn't recall what had led up to it.

"Yeah," he mumbled, "That was pretty cool....Mum, can I make us all a cup of tea?"

"I dunno Danny. Do you think that's wise? You know what drinking tea before you go to bed will do."

A guilty look crossed his face. "Yeah, I do, but I don't think it'll matter tonight. I probably drank way too much Coke as it is. I'm pretty sure I'll end up wet anyway."

"Ok mate. As long as you're aware of the risks. Just don't get grumpy in the morning, alright?"

"Thanks mum," he said, before padding out to the kitchen where he made three cups of tea. It felt sort of weird to be discussing the possibility of him wetting the bed with his mother, especially in front of his girlfriend.

When he was out of earshot, Sue turned to Amy. "I can't believe how much more open Dan has become since he met you! He'd never talk to me about his accidents or bed wetting before! Now, he doesn't seem to mind so much. Tell me sweetie, what did you do?"

"Well, Mrs Ja...,Sue, nothing really. I guess I'm just used to being a lot more open with my own stuff and talking to my mummy about it. I guess Dans just realising that by not talking about it, won't make it go away or anything. He's probably just getting used to the way I handle it, I guess. I mean my incontinence is a lot worse than his, and I can't just pretend it doesn't happen. I haveta just sorta deal with it, ya know? I've like been kinda to try and get Danny to see it the same way I guess."

Sue shook her head in wonder. The girl sitting opposite her was such an enigma. A few hours ago she had looked like a young adult, now, with her little kiddie pyjamas and her teddy bear she looked like a child. She sounded so much like a teenager in the way she spoke, abbreviating her words and clipping her sentences, but, even with her manner of speech, she still came across as sincere, and mature beyond her years. Sue couldn't imagine what it must have been like for her, growing up without a father, and suffering from an embarrassing condition like incontinence to boot. It was no wonder that she seemed so "age neutral" at times. Her incontinence must make her feel like a baby at times, yet she had to deal with it like an adult, but still fit in with her peers. Sue was surprised that she handled it so well.

"Well, all I can say young lady, is you're a marvel. You appear to have helped Danny no end, and I'm very glad that you can get through to him. Lord knows, I've tried, but it's not the sort of thing a teenage boy can talk about with his mum, I guess."

Their conversation was halted by Dans entrance, walking slowly as he carried three steaming cups of tea, trying his hardest not to spill them. When he handed them out, the talk turned to their future plans.

"Well," Amy said, "Mum sent me a message, and she'll be here about eleven o'clock tomorrow morning, so I don't think that we'll have much time for anything tomorrow."

Dans face fell. He'd been looking forward to spending the full day with her, but apparently that wasn't going to happen.

"Sorry Danny," Amy said. "But mum wants me home to do some chores. I got away without doing anything last weekend, so she won't let me skip them again!"

Sue piped in as well. "The same goes for you Dan. You didn't get anything done last week, and I've given you extra pocket money this week already, and if you two go to Adventure World next weekend, I'll no doubt end up paying for that as well. Tomorrow arvo, you can do a bit of work and earn it! I know my car needs a wash...."

He grumbled a bit, but accepted his mothers request. He was a good boy about earning his allowance, and rarely complained, at least not much, about earning his money. The theme park trip wouldn't be cheap, so he'd need the extra cash.

"Anyway, your dads back on Wednesday, so maybe Sonia and Amy might like to come around for a barbecue? Pete hasn't seen Son for years, and he'd love to catch up! We all used to get up to so much trouble, back in the day!"

"Mum! Really? I don't need to know about that! But what do ya reckon Ames? Barbecue on Wednesday?"

"Well I'd sure like to! I'll ask mum. If she says yes, then of course we're in!"

They finished their tea, and the kids retreated again to the theatre room. Once inside, Dan motioned for Amy to lay on the couch, which she did, holding her legs back, allowing him a spot to sit, before putting her feet in his lap, assuming their favourite position without further instructions.

Without further ado, Dan grabbed both of her feet, comfortably enclosed in her footie pyjamas, and started massaging them.

"Mmmm," she moaned. "That feels soooo good Dan, don't stop!"

He grinned. "Don't worry, I'm not planning on stopping anytime soon."

He just loved rubbing her feet, and she obviously enjoyed it as well. For the next few minutes, they just enjoyed the close, physical contact that a foot rub provided.

Dan was the first to speak. "Ames, what we did at the movie tonight, wow, just wow. That was just incredible. I mean, we like touched each other. You had your hand down there when I peed. Then I was touching your nappy while you did. That was like totally sick! You do know what that did to me, don't you?"

"I've got a pretty good idea, Catholic boy!"

He blushed. "I hadta have a shower. I couldn't believe it!" He paused, "But Ames, what're we doing? We've had this sorta talk before, and we agreed we weren't ready for like having sex or anything, but what we did tonight, like touching and everything, it's like really close to that, isn't it?"

"I guess it is Danny. In a way I suppose. But I still feel the same way though. I love you, with all my heart, but we're only kids, I don't think either of us are ready for the real thing yet. But what we do is fun. You gotta admit that! We're not hurting anybody, and we're not technically like having sex or anything. The thing is, I really like doing naughty stuff with you, and I'm pretty sure you feel the same. If we're not crossing any lines, does it matter? Really? Does it? I know that we're only kids Dan, and I don't wanna get into trouble, but if we can have fun without hurting one another, and the grown ups don't find out of course, are we being that bad? It's kinda the same as when we smoke, isn't it? Our pairs would chuck a fit, but at the end of the day, it's only us that we have to think about. I mean, we both know how babies are made, and I sure don't wanna go down that path, but, we're both old enough to know what we like as well. Are we being really bad by doing it?"

He pondered this. It was a fresh way of thinking that he hadn't considered. "I guess not babe. I know I love you so much, and I love the stuff we do. You make my wetting stuff seem like it isn't a big deal, and I actually enjoy doing it with you. It's just I get so turned on sometimes! Just being with you gets me worked up! And when we play our games, it's just so hot!"

He paused, collecting his thoughts, "But I guess I get a bit scared as well. I think it's because every time we cross a line, I like it so much, I kinda want to cross the next one, ya know? Every time I think we've peaked, we go higher. And I've gotta be honest, it's not easy knowing where to like draw a line or anything. Where do we stop exactly?"

"I think we stop somewhere here Danny. I feel the same. I don't want to go all the way, but it just seems like really exciting, doesn't it? You tell me. What should we do next?"

"I can answer that babe. Next, I give you the best foot rub in the world. That's it."

At 1am, Sue got up from the lounge to go to bed. She hadn't heard a peep from the kids for ages, so she stopped in to check on them.

Amy, was laying back on the couch, holding her teddy bear, her pants hanging down a bit, exposing her nappy, and her thumb in her mouth. Her stockinged feet were on Dans lap.

He was fast asleep as well, one hand on Amys left foot, the other one clasped in his lap. The TV was still on, but both kids were dead to the world.

She gently shook Dans shoulder, and he jerked awake. She then grabbed Amys ankle, and shook her leg, until she too, woke up.

Both kids virtually slid off the couch, and into their beds, hardly staying awake long enough to get in properly.

Sue thought of waking them up enough to ask them to go to the toilet first, but realising that they were both thickly diapered, and more than likely wet already, she just switched the light off, and left them to sleep.

*312*2016-06-22 09:39

{{3 hours ago, MasterOptometrist said:

This is truly one of the greasest pieces of niche kink related fiction ever to exist

}}

Thank you. Very much.

*314*2016-06-22 12:45

Chapter 35:

Dan woke up at around 3:30, although he never checked the time to confirm it. He didn't really remember getting into bed. His last memory was massaging Amys feet as they watched television, and she was starting to doze off. Now, his bladder was very full, and while he was right on the verge of peeing, his diaper was still dry.

Under normal circumstances, he would have made every effort possible to keep it dry. He liked being able to tell his mother that he had gone all night without wetting himself. But this particular night, he was exhausted. Neither of the kids had used any sunscreen at the beach, and although it had been only a mild Autumn day, he had gotten slightly sunburnt. This, combined with all their running around, the nervousness attached to nearly getting beaten up, followed by his heart to heart talks with both Troy and Amy, on top of their late night that was riddled with pent up sexual tension, had left the boy physically and emotionally drained. Frankly speaking, he just couldn't be bothered getting up.

This wasn't the first time that he'd ever deliberately used his diaper in bed instead of getting up, but it was probably the first time that he'd ever chosen the option of using a diaper that was still dry to start with. Sometimes he had woken up already wet, so he just hadn't bothered making an effort, and sometimes he had woken up dry, but right on the absolute brink of peeing, and he knew that he wouldn't make it to the toilet however hard he tried. On these occasions, he had just given up and let go, but this time, he knew in the back of his mind that he could make it if he wanted to.

Instead, he chose to roll onto his back, spread his legs apart, and just let go. After his bladder had emptied, he wriggled his butt around in the warm squishiness for a couple of seconds, then fell asleep again almost instantly.

Amy, on the other hand, didn't wake up at all. Her nappy was already wet when she had climbed into bed, but she hadn't noticed. While she slept, her right thumb found its way into her mouth, and her bladder emptied itself without her knowledge. Neither of them would ever know, but in fact they were both wetting themselves at the same time.

###

Before falling asleep, they had decided to get up earlier than usual. Sonia was due at eleven, and they needed to have the air beds deflated, folded, and ready to go. They also wanted to go for a walk to the park and sneak in one last cigarette before Amy had to leave, so they had set the alarm function on her phone to go off at 8:30.

When the strident electronic beeping started, it woke them both immediately. Amy, more than half asleep still, had to fumble with it for a few seconds before she could switch it off. In the meantime, Danny yawned and stretched, before propping himself up on his elbows. His brown hair was all mussed up, and long enough to be sitting on the collar of his Spider-Man pyjamas.

Yawning again, he smiled at her. "Morning Catholic girl," he said.

Sighing with relief as she finally managed to silence her alarm, she yawned as well. "Morning Catholic boy," she replied. Slipping her hand back under the sheets, she quickly added an expletive to her greeting.

"Whassup baby?" He said, yawning again.

"I'll tell you what's up. I've got a wet bum! My bloody diaper must've leaked. Ah shit!" She continued feeling around under the blankets, "Aw Danny, my sheets are all wet too! Fuck it."

"So? Why are you so upset? It's nothing we haven't seen before babes."

"Yeah, but now I've gotta tell your mum I've wet the bed. She'll probably get mad or something."

Dan laughed gently. "Don't be silly sweetie. My mums like your mum. She's been dealing with wet sheets for fourteen bloody years! She won't mind, honestly. We've gotta put them in the wash anyway, mine as well, so we'll just do it ourselves. She won't even know they were wet."

He put his hand under his own blankets. "Hang on, let me check mine. My diapers wet as well. I might've leaked with you. Let me feel......" Performing the same hand inspection as her, he found nothing incriminating. "Nope! Beds okay, but I'm pretty wet though." He grinned at her. "I'll tell ya a secret, I woke up dry, but just wet on purpose. I couldn't be bothered getting up."

"Well bully for you Daniel," she snapped angrily, "you peed on purpose and stayed in a dry bed, I pee in my sleep and wake up wet. Really fair."

He suddenly realised just how upset she was. He spoke sheepishly, "Ames, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to like rub it in or nothing, don't be upset. We'll just wash the sheets, and nobody will mind. Promise."

Amy sighed, "Oh I'm sorry too Dan. I don't want to be grumpy about it. I guess I know it's not such a big deal, it's just like, this is my first ever sleepover away from home, ya know? I'm the same as you, I've never done one cause I've always been so scared of wetting the bed, and even though I know your mum won't mind, it's still like just another reminder of how fucked up I am. I just wanna do stuff other kids do, and even wearing a good nappy, I still get piss everywhere. It's so unfair! These hardly ever leak at home, in my own bed, but as soon as I sleep away, Bam! Wet bed. I just freaking hate it."

"Well, it's too late to be getting upset now babe. You might as well accept it. Come on, pull the sheets off, let's check the damage."

Still laying on her back, she took a deep breath, and ripped the top sheet and doona completely off in one go, closing her eyes tight as she did so.

"Go on. Tell me. How bad is it?"

She was laying on her back, legs spread wide on the pink sheet. Between her thighs was a wet patch, which wasn't overly large, but extremely noticeable on the pink cotton. The inside thighs of her bright red footie pyjamas were a much darker shade as well.

Dans first thoughts were ones of arousal. The sight of her laying there, diaper sticking out of her wet pants, with a dark wet pink patch between her spread legs was extremely erotic for him. His stiffening member was poking at the front of his own wet nappy.

"Um, it's not too bad really, but yes, you are wet." He cleared his throat, "You look kinda cute though...."

This actually bought a smile to her face. She giggled. "You are an idiot Daniel, you know that, right?"

"That's me," he agreed, "an idiot. So come on, let's strip these beds down. I'll get these sheets in the wash before mum gets up."

Feeling more cheerful again, Amy bounced up, and turned around on her hands and knees to untuck the bottom sheet, and undo the plug to let the air out of the mattress. Her bum was up in the air as she bent over, and Dan couldn't take his eyes off the wet patch that spread across her cheeks, turning the bright red fleece a darker shade of maroon.

He couldn't help himself. He crawled over behind her, and put his hand on her wet backside, causing her to jump.

"Danny!" She squealed in shock, nearly tumbling off the end of the bed. But he caught her in time, and they fell beside each other on the mattress. She was about to berate him, but he grabbed the back of her head, and pulled it towards his own. Realising what was happening, she didn't pull away, but helped him by leaning in instead.

Their lips locked together, and their tongues automatically slipped through their lips, rolling around each other's, tasting the saliva of each other's mouths. She wrapped her arms around his neck, and as they kissed, they rubbed their bodies together, just like their tongues.

Dan let his right hand slide down her back, and over her buttocks, where he suddenly had a handful of warm, wet, fleece. He squeezed gently, feeling her sodden diaper squish beneath her pants, and felt the wet patch grow larger as he squeezed more moisture out of her leaky diaper.

She in turn grabbed at his backside, and even though his pyjamas were dry, she could feel his own wet nappy being squashed underneath her grip.

They were grinding against each other, kissing their lips, chins, faces, and necks. Amy found her other hand on Dans chest somehow, and could feel his little nipples stiffen under her touch.

Dan was about to follow her lead, he had one hand on her flat stomach, slowly reaching its way upward, towards the forbidden zone of her breasts, when the sound of a door closing upstairs, followed by descending footsteps bought them to their senses,

Quickly, the kids jumped away from each other, and were busily stripping their beds down when Sue arrived at the door.

"Good morning guys. How did you sleep?"

"Good thanks mum," Dan replied perhaps a touch too cheerfully, although Sue didn't appear to notice.

Amys voice on the other hand sounded a bit wavery. "Mrs Jacobs, I'm so sorry, but I wet the bed. I'll clean it up, I promise. I must've leaked last night."

Seeing Amys wet pants, Sue hurried across the room to her, and wrapped her in a hug. "Oh Amy, sweetie, don't get upset! It's not the first wet bed we've ever had in the house, is it Danny?" Dan just guiltily nodded. "Here, let me do this, you go and get changed, then bring your pyjamas out, and we'll wash them with the sheets. I'll put them in the dryer, and they'll be as good as new when your mum gets here, alright?"

Amy just nodded, managing to look suitably miserable at the same time. She waddled out of the room towards the bathroom.

"C'mon Dan. Let's get these sheets in the wash."

Dan was happy to turn around to deal with his own bedding.

It gave him a chance to hide his erection from his mother.

*317*2016-06-23 14:01

Chapter 36:

After Amy had left the room, Sue spoke softly to her son. "What about your bed mate? Is it wet?"

"No mum. I'm a bit wet, but I didn't leak though."

"That's good. Look, I'll put all the sheets in the wash, and get you to put your clothes from last night, and your PJ's in as well, okay?"

"But my PJ's are still dry though!"

"Danny! You've worn them for two nights in a row over a wet nappy! I'd be surprised if they didn't walk to the laundry by themselves! I'm sure they must be starting to smell a bit by now."

So with the beds stripped, he went upstairs to change. Even though he was wet, he decided against a shower, opting to just wipe himself clean with a wet cloth instead. He'd showered twice the previous night, and his mother expected him to do some yard work and stuff later, so he'd have a shower in the evening instead. When he pulled his pants off, he held them up to his nose and sniffed them, quickly pulling his face away when he realised that his mother was indeed correct, they did smell a bit.

Freshly cleaned, he started to get dressed. As he was planning on spending the day at home, he decided on foregoing his diaper, choosing to wear briefs instead. However, with the risk of an accident being ever present, he carefully selected what pants to wear, eventually settling on silky black sweat pants. He took his white ankle socks off, deciding on his flip flops over shoes, and chose a grey Adidas t-shirt to go with them. He knew he'd be getting dirty during the day, so he'd selected his oldest clothes to wear.

His longish hair took a bit of work to comb, then he peed, brushed his teeth, and went downstairs. He was a bit surprised to see Amy already dressed, wearing her pink sweat pants and a white top with shoulder straps, and embroidered roses on the front. She was barefoot, and her hair was tied back into a ponytail.

"You didn't shower either then?"

"Nah," she replied, "no point if I'm going home to do gardening, is there?"

He grinned. "My thoughts exactly! It can wait till later, eh?"

"I worked out why I'd leaked though," she admitted, "it was my fault. I didn't do one of the leg tapes up properly, and it came undone, so the leak guards couldn't work. I'm a bit annoyed at myself, I really should know better by now."

"Ah well babe, accidents happen. But I told ya not to stress, I knew my mum would be cool."

Her smile faltered ever so slightly. "Yeah, I know. But it still sucks though. I mean, I kinda like you seeing me in wet pants, but not anyone else. Anyway, your mums making brekky. Give me a hand to fold these beds up."

Ten minutes later, the beds were folded, and Amys two bags were packed, with the exception of her pyjamas which were still being washed.

Sue served breakfast. Poached eggs for Dan, and muesli with soy milk for Amy, which had been purchased especially for her.

When Dan took their empty plates back into the kitchen, Sue pulled him aside, asking him quietly, "How are your supplies going sweetheart, still got some?"

"I was gonna tell you later mum, but I'm running out. I've still got a few of the big pull ups left, but only one tape up. I need Goodnights for school as well."

"Geez, already? I only bought you Goodnights last week, remember?"

"I know mum. But me and Amy wore them to the beach. We thought they wouldn't be as noticeable under our shorts, so we used a couple then."

Sue sighed. "It's Amy and I, mate. I don't mind, but I wish you had of told me. I could've bought them yesterday. But anyway, good news, I checked the online tracking, and your big boxes of grown up stuff should arrive tomorrow. I'll get you the Goodnights later, okay?"

She didn't add the fact that she was surprised that they were now sharing diapers. She understood that what he said made sense, but not only was it so out of character for him to be openly discussing his protection, now he was sharing them? Weirder and weirder, she thought.

"It's okay mum. I've still got enough for a few days. I'm not gonna wear one today, cause I'm just like staying home and stuff."

"Alright mate. Just be careful, okay?"

He agreed that he would, then went back to his girlfriend. By now it was well after nine o'clock, and they wanted to go for a walk and a smoke before Sonia arrived. Dan went to the toilet again, just in case, while Amy grabbed her purse, and they put their feet into their flip flops, and headed off.

Of course they started holding hands as soon as the door had closed behind them, and they just started chatting away about next weekends adventure, at the aptly named Adventure World. Dan had been there a few times in the past, so he filled Amy in on what she could expect. They both agreed that wearing a diaper at first, and getting the dry rides out of the way was probably a good idea, then they could remove their nappies, get wet, and not worry about using the toilets again. Of course, drinking heaps of fluids was a given.

First stop was the shop, where they bought some tic tacs to cleanse their breath with, then they found a park with an empty playground where they could smoke in concealed safety.

As they smoked, Amy asked, "So, you must have a Goodnight on then? You don't look puffy at all." She briefly pulled the waistband of her sweatpants down, revealing the top of a Molicare pull up. "I went with one of these," she explained.

"Actually, I'm not wearing any protection at all, just my undies," he replied, "I don't wear diapers if I'm at home during the day. I can hold on long enough to make it to the loo at home."

"But what about now? It'd take us fifteen minutes to get home if you needed to go?"

"Yeah, but it only gets like really urgent when we're playing our holding and drinking games. Days like now, when I haven't been trying to drink as much as possible, are a lot easier for me to hold on. Besides, I've peed twice since I woke up, and I've only had one glass of milk, so even I can hold on for that long if I need to. Anyway, the worst that would happen would be I might leak a bit, and these silky pants would hide it alright. They've saved me before, a few times actually."

They steered clear of discussing their wettings in any detail, and avoided any mention of their hot and heavy make out session earlier. Somehow, they felt that the moment and mood wasn't right, so they stuck with topics like school and music instead.

When they finished their cigarettes, Amy stuffed the pack into the bottom of her purse, declaring, "Well that's it for smoking until next weekend. It's time to start being more careful about how much we do it!" Dan agreed, so they popped some mints into their mouths, and walked back home again.

They arrived home at 10:30, but found Sonia's car in the driveway when they got there. Their mothers were drinking coffee at the table, and turned when the kids came in. Like Dan the week before, Amy was secretly overjoyed at the sight of her mother, as she wasn't used to being away from her for so long.

She squealed "Mummy!" Running to throw her arms around Sonia's neck. "What're you doing here so early? I wasn't expecting you till eleven!"

"We got back early sweetie. I didn't want to hang around. Honestly, I'd had enough of Ian by then."

Amy looked concerned, "Why mum? Is everything all right?"

Sonia laughed. "Yes, it's all good, but I just don't think we're suited to each other. I kind of suspected it, but now I know. I think that staying friends is good enough for us."

Amy tried to extract more information from her mother, but Sonia wouldn't go into details. While she didn't seem upset or anything, it was obvious that she just wanted to go home. Sue had already packed Amys freshly washed pyjamas into her bag, so they were ready to go.

Sonia did agree to bring her daughter around on Wednesday for a barbecue, so at least that was something. The kids risked a very chaste goodbye kiss in front of their parents, then the visitors left.

Seeing how sad her son was looking, Sue decided to put him to work straight away, more to prevent him from just moping around than anything else. He was given a list of four tasks. Mow the lawn, weed the flower bed, wash the car, and clean his room. In exchange for his services, Sue would give him his regular allowance, and enough of a bonus to fund his entry fee to the amusement park. It was suggested that he start with his room. Sue would make them some lunch, then he could go outside and get dirty with his gardening chores.

Cleaning his room didn't take long, as it was fairly tidy, especially considering that a teenage boy lived in it. He changed his sheets, (something he was used to) picked up some loose clothing that hadn't needed washing, and removed the ever present cup, glass, and plate that always seemed to just magically appear. After opening the windows to air it out, he went down for lunch.

Over his meal of sandwiches and milk, he began to formulate a plan. Amy may be gone, but he could still have his own, private holding contest. It would be interesting. He'd be spending the day outside, so he could always pee in the backyard if he got too desperate.

After lunch, he tackled the lawn. Thanks to their backyard pool, decking, and paving, their back lawn was only small. The front lawn ran the width of the house, and down one side, but it wasn't very wide. He could mow it all in less than an hour.

Before filling the mower up, he turned the hose on, and made sure he drank long and deep. He had been mowing the lawn for the past two years. As his father was away so often, it had been decided that it was a perfect job for Dan to do during his absence. Dan actually enjoyed doing it, as it seemed a very grown up job to do. Almost dangerous somehow.

The back lawn only took ten minutes, but he made sure to drink enough water afterwards to make it seem like he'd just mowed a local park. As he did the front yard, he made sure to keep drinking as much as he possibly could.

Sue glanced out the window as her son was finishing, slightly annoyed that she'd just caught him mowing the lawn in his flip flops. He hadn't put the catcher on, and his feet and the lower legs of his pants were covered in clippings, but it was his safety she was more concerned with. But before she had a chance to berate him, he had finished.

He turned the hose on to clean the mower, making sure he took another drink. The first minor signs of his bladder filling were now upon him. He didn't NEED to go, but he could do if he wanted to.

The backyard garden bed was next. Not wanting to walk inside with dirty feet, he called out to his mother from the back door, and asked for a bottle of Coke, which she bought to him, taking the chance to chastise him for his lack of footwear whilst using the mower.

Feeling suitably told off, he poured himself a glass out of the half full two litre bottle that his mother had given him, and drank most of it in a series of deep gulps.

It was while he was kneeling in the dirt, that he felt the first proper twinge of a real need. It still wasn't major, so he put it to the back of his mind, and continued pulling weeds. When he stood up for a break ten minutes later, he noticed that while still not urgent, he could now constantly feel it.

This was the stage where he would usually go to the toilet, particularly at school. He gave himself a quick squeeze and adjustment, then finished his glass and continued weeding.

It took him a further half an hour to finish, and by then, he would have considered himself to be at least a seven out of ten on his personal urgency scale. This is what he always thought of as his "danger zone." From here, his undersized bladder could just suddenly reach its capacity, quickly, and with little notice.

He really wanted to see his little experiment through to the end, but he now knew that he had overindulged, and the chances of staying dry until he'd finished washing the car were virtually zero.

Dan debated what to do. The easiest option was to just pee behind the shed. He was allowed to, it was right there, and it would solve all dramas. The next option was basically the same, except it involved washing his feet, then going inside to the toilet. That didn't really make much sense considering the shed was right in front of him.

The third option was the most tempting. Ignore his need, wash the car, and almost definitely wet his pants in the process. He considered trying to perhaps empty half his bladder, and still hold onto some, but he knew that if he did start deliberately peeing, he probably wouldn't be able to stop.

If he did choose to hold, but ended up wetting himself in the process, it wouldn't be the end of the world. He'd probably even get away with it. His accident wouldn't show on his shiny black sweatpants, and he could get himself wet with the hose as he washed the car, then, when finished, he'd have the perfect excuse to have a shower and get changed straight away. It was even warm enough to have a swim in the pool perhaps. He could take his track pants off, and swim in his undies.

Even if his mother did find out that he'd wet himself, it sure wouldn't be the first time, and he could claim he had tried to finish his chores before stopping for a break, resulting in his accident.

"Bugger it," he thought, "I'm gonna do it!"

Sue had moved her car onto the lawn after it had been mowed. She had left out a sponge, detergent and a bucket, and had even set the hose up.

Dan started by hosing the car off. As soon as the water started dripping over his hands, and onto his bare feet, he felt his desperation level kick up yet another notch. The sound of splashing water as he filled the bucket up didn't help at all either.

Starting to feel nervous, he wiped his hand dry, and slipped it inside his pants, massaging his boyhood briefly, while he felt his underwear for leaks. His knees were also keeping themselves pressed closer together now, almost with a mind of their own.

He remained undeterred from his plan however. He took yet another drink from the bottle he'd brought with him, almost draining it. He could feel his penis starting to twitch, and by now he knew that he was going to wet his pants at some stage, the only questions left, were how long would he last, and would he get away with it?

As he started sponging the soapy water across the roof of the car, he wondered about the rationality of his plan. No good could come out of it. Wetting himself in his mothers presence was one of his biggest dislikes. Having to admit that he'd done it again always humiliated him, no matter how kind and understanding that she always was when it happened.

The first major twinge occurred as he scrubbed the hood. He felt like he'd explode, and crossed his legs, bending his knees at the same time. Remembering he was on his front lawn, in full view of his neighbors, made him quickly regain a more normal position.

But as he stood up again, he felt the first leak escape. Acting as subtly as possible, he turned away from the street, and again put his hands down his pants, this time finding a wet spot on his light green briefs. He risked a quick glance down inside his waistband, and saw a wet patch about two inches around had formed.

Dan redoubled his efforts, but had another drink as well. The sensation of cold liquid running down his throat made him twitch again, but this time he didn't leak.

As badly as he needed release, he surprised himself by washing the entire drivers side, and most of the passengers side, before he again felt warmth in his pants. He hadn't even felt his muscles relax that time, in fact, he hadn't felt himself let go at all. If it hadn't been for the sudden warm feeling around his balls, and the trickling sensation making its way down his leg, he wouldn't have been aware of a leak occurring. It certainly didn't take even the slightest pressure off his bursting bladder.

He knelt down to scrub the alloy wheels. It was the perfect chance to visually examine the state of his pants. But it was as he'd expected, the silky looking fabric didn't show off any wetness at all. He was kneeling on wet grass, and even when he stood up, the lower legs of his pants, which had been pressed onto the wet lawn, didn't look any different from the rest of the dry parts.

But as he stood up, he leaked, big time. He stood on the spot, legs together, and felt the hot pee running down both of his legs for a solid ten seconds or so.

Somehow he many to regain control, although by now it was far to late. He'd done enough to make it official. He'd wet himself. The only thing was, he felt like he was a long way from finishing. The immediate urgency had gone for now, but his bladder still ached slightly with the built up pressure.

Dan was completely in his own little world by this stage. He was enjoying the feelings of freedom and naughtiness that wetting his pants seemed to provide him with, but he was nervous about being exposed to the entire street as he did it. He was worried able his mother finding out, but at the same time was sexually aroused by what he was doing as well. The mixture of emotions was making his head spin.

"DANNY!"

The sound of his mothers voice jolted him back to reality. His body jerked in shock as he swung his head around, and he felt a fresh jet of pee shoot out.

His mother was waving to him from the driveway. "I'm just popping next door for a cuppa. When you've finished, put your dirty clothes in the washing machine, and have a shower mate. You look filthy!"

His voice cracked a bit on his reply, "I will mum. Nearly finished now." He could feel a warm trickle on his leg as he spoke.

After his mother had disappeared into the neighbors house, he just gave in altogether. Standing beside the car, shielding himself from the street, he stood, legs apart, and let himself go, completely wetting himself as he did so. By the time he'd finished draining the last drops out, he had hot urine flooding out of both his hems, and pouring over the tops of his bare feet. He could feel how wet his legs were, from the inside of his thighs, to the front of his shins. He was saturated.

As much as he enjoyed the release, he wasted no time. Working quickly, he finished washing the car, then packed the hose, bucket, and sponge away in the shed.

Stepping through the back door into the laundry of the empty house, he took his wet, grass stained track pants off, and opened the washing machine lid. He was a bit worried to find it empty. He had hoped to be able to stash his wet stuff under some towels or something. But it couldn't be helped, and he added his t-shirt. Now, standing in only his underpants, he bent forward to look at them. They were light green, and were now completed soaked from the waistband down to the crotch.

Dan would've been embarrassed had his mother seen them, but if he was to be honest with himself, the sight of them sort of excited him. He gave himself a squeeze through the wet cloth, before taking them off, and depositing them in the machine.

With a semi hard penis bouncing around in front of him, he ran naked up the stairs for a shower.

While he was washing, Sue came back home, a large coffee stain on her white blouse. She'd spilled her drink whilst next door, and had come home to wash it immediately before it could stain. Then she would go back to continue her visit.

"It's only me Danny! Where are you?"

She listened for a response, and heard the sound of his upstairs shower running.

Sue shrugged, then went to the laundry, opened the drier, and took out a clean blouse. Opening the washing machine, she was about to drop her soiled top in, but saw her sons grass stained clothes in there, just as she had asked him to do. Deciding that it would be pointless to put her already dirty white silk blouse on top of her sons dirty, grass stained clothes, she pulled them out of the machine, planning on washing her top all by itself before the coffee stain had a chance to settle in.

But as she took his pants out, his sodden green underpants came with them, and hit the tiled floor with a splat. She picked them up, looking at them with concern. It was blatantly obvious that her son had wet his pants again. Further examination of his black sweat pants only confirmed his accident.

She sighed, thinking to herself, "Poor little bugger must've wet himself again. I feel so bad for the kid. I just wish I could do something to help him. I can only imagine just how terrible he must be feeling now."

Sue slipped into her clean top, and went back to the neighbors house, figuring that her son probably wanted to be alone for a while.

She was both right and wrong at the same time.

Her son did want to be alone at the moment, but while he was definitely feeling a few things, terrible wasn't one of them.

*321*2016-06-24 13:54

Part 3: Confessions

Chapter 1:

Amy arrived at school on Monday, still unsure of how she was going to tackle what she had come to think of, as "The Nikki Situation." It would have to be handled delicately, but with a degree of firmness as well. Whenever another student outside of her small circle of friends approached her about her incontinence or her diaper wearing, it inevitably went down one of three well trodden paths.

The first path was the easiest one. Simple curiosity. It usually involved a nervous, whispered conversation or questions, wanting to know if the rumours were true, or perhaps how she could cope with it so well. Occasionally, it would devolve into a request to actually see the diaper she was wearing, as if proof was required.

That was when Amy would put a stop to the conversation, sometimes rudely.

The second path was more difficult. Kind curiosity or a desire to help. Apparently some people had a built in desire to offer sympathy and support, and needed her to know that if there was ever anything they could do to help, she only had to ask.

This only made her feel somewhat of an invalid, or an object of pity and unwanted sympathy. She had met a lot of people over the years who seemed to relish the chance to almost look down on her with a forced touch of sadness. These people, she had learned, were the type who would soon be running back to their friends gushing about how they had simply needed to offer their support to the poor little girl with the bladder problems.

The funny thing was, these were among the same people who never once tried to step in if she were being bullied, or just stood back and stared at her in horror if she wet her pants in front of them.

But the third path was the worst one. That was the path that lead to teasing, bullying, humiliation, embarrassment, mockery and just plain nastiness. Unfortunately she had walked that path a few times, and hoped to steer clear of it as much as possible.

But for her to be the one instigating the conversation, she needed to find a new path, one that others had seldom taken with her. She had to offer guidance and support, perhaps some sympathy, but not too much. She would need to ask questions, but not appear nosy. She would try to give help, but not come across as shallow or somehow superior for doing so.

From the sound of what Troy had said, Nikkis accidents had happened before, and if so, she had probably met people walking on the same paths that Amy had.

The fact that the girl was almost a total stranger, whom she had only ever said hello to on a couple of previous occasions wouldn't help to make the conversation go any easier. It would only be even more awkward if Nikki started to head along these aforementioned paths, or, on the other hand, didn't want to talk about it.

Now while Amy was admittedly reluctant to openly discuss her own issues, particularly with other kids who not only didn't, but actually couldn't, understand, she was now keen to at least offer her support. While she felt a bit hypocritical about it, she thought that the difference was, that she could actually understand what the other girl was going through. At least she had experience herself, and unlike others talking to her, she herself may be able to offer some helpful advice, or at least an informed opinion.

So as the girls all milled around in the playground, waiting for the bell to sound, Amy kept looking around, trying to spot the target of her intended talk. All the grade sevens congregated in the same quadrangle, which was outside the block that housed their home rooms. But there were three classes, and over one hundred girls gathered there. Amy did have a slight advantage though, she was at least a year older, and significantly taller than a lot of her fellow students. Most grade sevens were only twelve, with a couple of them still only eleven. There was a percentage of them that would've only been teenagers for a few months, but not many. Amy was now closer to fifteen than fourteen, and had already passed a couple of growth spurts that her classmates hadn't reached. In fact, some of them appeared to have not even reached puberty yet.

It made Amy, with her already big boobs and womanly curves, stand out amongst her peers.

But her height proved to be an advantage now. She picked Nikki out from across the quad, and silently studied her.

Nikki appeared to be one of the younger looking kids. Troy had said that his sister was thirteen, but she looked younger. She was petite, with delicate features. Small of stature and frame, and still with a very flat looking chest, she was smaller than most of the other girls that she was talking to. One of her knee socks was scrunched down, and she had a band aid on her left knee, and wore her pretty blonde hair in braids.

All in all, she was a very young, childish looking kid, and Amy thought that she may just listen to advice if it was given nicely, with genuinely good intentions, from an older, more experienced girl.

She saw Nikkis eyes swivelling around, then alighting on her. They made a brief eye contact, then she quickly looked away. Obviously she had been watching out for Amy, expecting to be broadsided by her at some stage.

The bigger girl considered walking over to her, but Nikkis body language certainly indicated a desire for avoidance ahead of interaction, so she hesitated. Anyway, the bell sounded only moments later, and Nikki quickly picked up her book bag, and walked to her classroom with her friends.

By the time that recess arrived, Amy was aware that although she wasn't exactly busting to pee, she had slightly leaked at least twice, and would need to go to the toilet before class started again.

Amy made her way towards the girls room, keeping an eye out for Nikki, but couldn't spot her anywhere. Abandoning her search, she went in, found an empty stall with nobody occupying an adjacent one, and pulled down her Molicare, making sure she kept it above the gap at the bottom of the walls between the stalls. She relieved herself, and after inspecting her pull up, she found it was still quite dry despite her little leaks.

After pulling her nappy back up, Amy flushed, then went to wash her hands. The bathroom was almost deserted. Amy was the only girl at the sinks, and apart from one other occupied stall, she was alone.

As she washed her hands, she stared at her reflection. There was something on the side of her nose that required attention. A pimple! A big one! How the hell had she missed that earlier this morning? Leaned over the sink, she squeezed it, popped the head, and drained the pus out of it. "How fucking disgusting," she thought. She had just finished "operating" on it, when the sound of a toilet flushing made her step back from the mirror, not wanting to be seen working on a zit.

In the reflection, she saw the cubicle door open, and who should be stepping out, smoothing her dress down, but Nikki.

The younger girl had her eyes down, and had taken a couple of steps before she raised her head up. When she did, the sight of Amy looking at her from the mirrors reflection made her freeze on the spot, jaw slightly agape. Her eyes darted briefly from side to side, almost as if she was going to take flight like a startled deer, but in the end, she just sighed, and then stepped forward to wash her hands, resigning herself to whatever was to come.

Amy was good enough at reading body language to know that this wasn't a positive sign. But she had wanted to talk to the younger girl in private, and for now at least, they were alone. Another opportunity as good as this may not present itself for a while, so she may as well take it, she thought.

"Hi Nikki. It is Nikki, isn't it? We've met before I think. I'm Amy."

She put her hand out toward Nikki, who stood a solid six inches shorter than she did, and had to lift her head to make eye contact.

Nikki sighed again, and shook Amys hand, although with obvious reluctance.

"We haven't met before. Not properly anyway. But yeah, that's me, and yeah, I know who you are."

Amy tried to not lose her equilibrium. "Well you probably know I'm kinda a friend of your brothers, and he wants me to talk to you?"

"Don't bullshit me," she exclaimed with a certain amount of disdain in her voice. "You're not Troys friend, you're just a kid he met. He told me about you, and I'll tell you the same thing I said to him. Mind your own business, okay?"

Amy was taken aback by her response. Out of all the reactions she had anticipated, Nikki getting onto her front foot and acting almost aggressively wasn't one of them. But still, she recognised the familiar desire to tell people to piss off, especially when they were about to initiate a conversation about your wetting, that you simply didn't want to have.

"Hey! Chill Nikki," Amy exclaimed as she raised her open palms in a "warding-off" gesture. "I get it. Trust me, I do. You obviously know where this is going, and you don't want to. Cool, no probs. Consider it dropped."

Without hesitating, Amy turned away, "You're right ya know. I don't know your brother real well, but he seems nice. Me and my boyfriend met him on the weekend, and he was nice to us. Cassie was to. Me and Dan, my guy, have got a couple of problems, like you no doubt already know, anyway. We're both used to putting up with shit, like people we don't know wanting to talk to us."

She gave Nikki a meaningful glare as she said it.

"Anyway, Troy and Cassie helped us, and Troy was so sorry that he didn't do more for Danny when he could've, and now he's worried about you, probably for the same reason. He thinks he failed Dan, and now he's scared that he's failing you as well. I said I'd offer to talk to you, not only cause I really wanted to help, but also because it'd make Troy feel better."

Nikki went to speak, but Amy interrupted her. "Hang on, let me finish here. Now as you know, I've got my own problems, so yours are secondary to mine anyway, at least to me. I don't want that to sound mean or anything, but what I'm saying is that I can sympathise, but I'm not like others. I don't want to make a freak show out of it. I don't want to talk to you like a baby, or try to tell you what to do or anything either."

She noticed that something in Nikkis eyes looked different. The earlier hostility seemed to have disappeared, and she appeared to be actually listening. Deciding to give it one last shot, she forced a smile at the smaller girl. "Hey, it's your call Nikki. I know your brother would feel better if he thought he was helping you. Even if we talk for five minutes, you can tell him we talked, and he'll probably leave you alone."

She winked and smiled. "You know what boys are like! You have to let them think that they're in charge. If he thinks he's helped, he'll be happy! Anyway, I'm sorry to have bothered you, but if you ever do want to talk, and not just about embarrassing stuff, but anything, you can come to me, okay?"

Other girls started to enter the bathroom, putting an end to their privacy, so Amy turned again to leave. As she stepped out the door, she heard Nikki say "Wait!", then grab her on the arm.

"Are you serious? Will you listen to me if I talk to you? Can I like ask you some stuff, and you won't like get mad at me?"

"Course you can Nik. That's all I wanted to suggest. But it's up to you. I'm not gonna try and force you or anything."

Nikki smiled for the first time, "I'd like to talk to you, Amy, well, I sorta would. But I wanta ask you some stuff, and maybe tell you stuff as well, and hear what you think. But you need to promise me something."

"What's that Nik?"

"Well, if I agreed to talk to you, even just to make my big brother feel better, then you'd let me ask you something, and no matter what I tell you, you'll never, ever, repeat it to anyone, especially Troy, alright?"

"Of course I promise. I know that you don't know me, but you know all about my problems. You've gotta believe me, I'd never talk about another kids problems. Ever. At all. If it'll make you feel better, you can ask me something that I'd hate other people knowing, then we'll both have a secret on each other. That should guarantee I don't ever tell on you to anybody!"

Nikki considered this. "But what if you ended up hating me Amy? What if I told you stuff that made you hate me? What if you found out stuff about me that you didn't like? What then? Would you dob on me then?"

"I don't know exactly where this is leading, Nikki. But I guarantee you, whatever you want to tell me, will stay a secret. I can't imagine why you'd think I could hate you, but I promise, even if I did, I'll keep your secrets."

"Alright then. I've sorta wanted to talk to somebody like you for a while. I probably shouldn't trust you, only cause I don't know you of course, but Troy and Cassie seem to really like you a lot. So I will. If you'll listen, and share some stuff with me, I'll talk to you."

It was her turn to wink at Amy, "Besides, it might get Troy off my back for a while. He can be a real shit sometimes."

Amy almost laughed when she heard this little girl describe her big brother with not only the same term, but the same tone of voice that he had used while discussing her.

Nikki was continuing on, "Anyway, thanks for offering. Can we talk at lunchtime maybe? Say on the oval?"

Amy agreed to meet her on the oval after they'd eaten. But she was feeling perplexed.

What in the world could this little girl have to ask or say, that could possibly make her think that Amy would might end up hating her because of it?

It would be an interesting conversation, she thought.

*324*2016-06-25 00:07

{{9 hours ago, alexwbj said:

Barry, what I said before about strength to strength, if I hadn't already used it I'd be saying it now. And you know what? I don't think you're done yet either. You're just unfolding your wings. The story just made a leap forward which has banished any thought that you might be heading for the kind of sterile rut I know you were worried about. This is getting so interesting, and we may have just begun. Your loyal reader, Alex

PS I'm also intrigued, just like Amy. Can't wait to find out what it's all about.

}}

Thanks again for your continued support Alex.

As you pointed out, it's a constant concern of mine that this would develop into just another omo story that features the character constantly wetting themselves over and over again, to the point of where it stops making sense. I realise that in essence it is just an omo story of course, but I keep striving to keep it believable.

I always hate stories that feature really good omo descriptions, but an unrealistic basis, like where someone just starts suddenly having accidents for no reason. Sure, anyone could conceivably get caught out once or twice, but it should be a believable character or situation.

At least using incontinent characters that play wetting games gives me that opportunity, but there needs to be more to it than just a continuous piss-fest.

Anyway, I'm glad you're enjoying it, and I really value your feedback. Again, thanks for your kind words and support.

Barry

$$

