The Tale of The Leak - Prone Adventurers

Author: Keita123

*000*2021-08-13 01:22

Finally. That certainly took long.

A certain dark-haired elf was staring at the city before her, just under the hill where she stood.

She was a simple adventurer by the name of Nexi Swiftblossom, and after traveling a month on her feet (she preferred it over taking carriages or horses), she finally arrived at her destination.

The Adventuring City of Dramore.

It was named such thanks to a certain ruin it was built over—The Ruins of Galgola, as the scholars named it. Apparently, it was built by some long lost ancient civilization that had disappeared entirely from the surface of the earth. With their technology, they had created what the learned folks call a Living Dungeon—a place where monsters would continually breed and multiply, while guarding treasures that seemingly would keep appearing out of thin air.

As such, it was an ideal place for adventurers to go to, earning the city its name.

A breeze blew the elf's hood off her head, revealing her pretty face to the world. As it did, it also revealed the skimpy black panties she wore under her short skirt.

Not that she noticed. The elf had a tendency not to notice whenever she revealed her undergarments to the world.

Climbing down the hill, she began her final steps towards the city proper.

Pang...

She felt an all too familiar sensation from her lower abdomen.

She needed to pee. Pretty badly in fact. She had been holding it for the last hour.

She didn't like peeing outside so she had told herself that she would only go if she really couldn't hold it anymore.

But now, with the city in sight, she could just walk to the Adventurers' Guild and use the toilet there.

It was the perfect plan.

Or so she thought, until she saw the line of people standing in front of the city gate.

That's right. They need to inspect us first before we're allowed in.

But the line is so long. I don't know how long this will take.

Pang.

Rubbing her thighs together, she took her spot in the queue.

30 minutes later...

At last, she was right at the front of the queue. There was only one person in front of her. Two, if she counted the person being checked by the guards.

Her hands were now in front of her skirt, discreetly pressing into her crotch. She wasn't the only one acting that way. Right across her, on the other line, was a blonde priestess who was clearly pressing her staff between her legs. And then there was the dark-haired girl in front of her, who was gyrating her hips left and right as her fingers dug into her short shorts.

Poor thing... She must be bursting...

The person in front of the girl finally moved, giving his spot for the desperate damsel. The guard began asking his questions and she answered as fast as she could.

It wasn't fast enough, however.

Psshhhh....

Nexi's ears picked up on the hissing sound. As her gaze had focused on the girl's short-clad bottom, she could see a wet spot at the size of a coin manifesting itself.

Well, there goes her dry panties.

Luckily for her, the guard didn't hold her up more than necessary. She quickly scurried off into the gates, running as fast as she could while still holding her crotch.

It was now her turn to speak with the guard.

"Name?"

"Nexi Swiftblossom."

"Occupation?"

"Adventurer."

"Reason for visiting?"

"Exploring the Ruins of Galgola."

"Give me your Adventurer Card, if you would."

She reached into her pocket, taking out a small metal plate with her profile written in it. Giving it to the guard, she waited as the guard examined it, pressing the front of her skirt in the process.

Drip.

Her heart skipped a beat.

A drop just leaked into her panties.

"Hmph, looks fine. Don't make any trouble now!"

Returning her card to her, he finally let her pass.

She didn't run. She kept walking casually to the gates. Hastening her pace would only agitate her bladder—a fact she knew from experience.

###

The city was bustling with vigor and energy. The streets were populated with all sorts of people, including demihumans like her. Thanks to that, however, it was tougher for her to make her way to her destination, being blocked and hindered by other people's bodies on her way. Not to mention her limited sight.

Bump

Pshhhhh

A young girl suddenly bumped into her, making the elf leak a good second into her panties. Thankfully, she stemmed the flow swiftly, pinching the flow with her well-trained bladder muscle, though not before dampening the black panties she wore.

And then, said elf realized her slingbag was no longer in her possession.

That girl!

She quickly chased after her, disregarding her own warning of not running when her bladder is full.

Drip.

Drip. Drip.

Every step she took, a drop of pee would escape her tired sphincter. However, it was the least of her concern now. She had all her possessions there. Unlike most adventurers, she could afford to travel light, thanks to the bag being a magical item capable of storing a lot more than its normal capacity. If she lost it, she would have to start all the way from square one as an adventurer.

She weaved through the crowd with impressive agility, all the while scanning the crowd around her for the redheaded girl that had just rammed onto her. Her skirt was fluttering in the wind, giving more than a few men and women glimpses of her slightly wet panties.

There.

With her sharp elven eyes, she found her almost immediately. She was heading to one of the city's many alleyways. No doubt intending to disappear into its depths.

The moment the girl noticed her, it was far too late.

Nexi slammed her body onto the nearby wall.

"My bag. You stole it, didn't you?"

Sure enough, she found a very similar bag slung over her little body.

"I... I... I'm sorry!"

PSSSHHHHHH...

The girl fell down to the ground with her legs wide open. A dark spot swiftly grew on the crotch of her brown trousers, followed by a glistening puddle.

Oh dear. Perhaps I scared her too hard.

The girl quickly gave the bag back to her. She checked its contents first and foremost. After she was sure nothing was missing, she slung it back over her shoulder.

"You're lucky I'm the merciful sort, or else I might have taken your life on the spot. There should be no law forbidding the murder of a thief, is there?"

"Uuu, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry! It's just that... my baby sister... she hasn't eaten in three days..." The thief girl's green eyes began to water.

Sighing, Nexi took out a large loaf of bread from her bag.

"Here. This is for you and her. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to be somewhere."

"T-thank you! Thank you so much, Miss Elf!"

Her tears had made way into a smile as her hands gripped the bread the elf had given. For Nexi, that bread was easily replaceable, so she didn't mind parting with it in the slightest. For the little girl, however, it was just like she had been given a bag of gold.

Without looking back, the elf returned back to the main road, hurrying her pace a little.

For she could feel her wet panties in her privates. Thanks to that little chase, she had leaked even more.

She had to make her way to the Guild at once, before she completely lost control.

*002*2021-08-14 20:27

{{47 minutes ago, Rinatro said:

This was a fun story. We don't get enough genuine fantasy omo.

}}

Glad to hear that!

Yeah, I feel there's a lack of fantasy Omo in this site. So I thought I'd write some if I have free time.

*004*2021-08-18 11:18

Nexi Swiftblossom was in quite the predicament, and one of her own making at that. Her bladder was bursting with need and she was still ways away from her destination and her sweet relief.

As she waded through the crowds of the bustling city, more and more pee leaked into her tight-fitting black panties. Bumping to someone made it worse as it would inevitably lead to a one second spurt of warmth and shame.

She hadn't been this desperate in a while. Last time it happened was when she was doing a bodyguard quest, escorting a noble lady and her mother. She had to go for hours without pee, riding beside them on a bouncing horse on a rough road. By the end of the trip, her panties were drenched wet from her pee, caused by many spurts she let out on the saddle thanks to the bouncy movement she had to endure. And as she waited for her payment, she remembered distinctly that pee drops were trailing down her thighs onto her thighhigh socks.

Not the most pleasant experience to be sure.

There it is. The Guild.

Seeing her destination on the distance, she hastened her pace.

###

The Adventurer's Guild was a two-storied building, where the front door immediately gave way to a large lobby where adventurers could chat and mingle with each other as they scoured through the boards for quests to take. That morning, the place was bursting, with around a hundred or so adventurers in the lobby.

And so, when Nexi bumped into someone as she tried to make her way to the toilet, it wasn't that odd of an occurrence.

"Ah!"

"Kyaahh!"

The two girls each fell onto their behinds, with legs wide open, revealing their undergarments to the other party.

Psshhhh...

Psshhhh...

The sound of soft trickle filled the air, barely imperceptible among the loud chatter that filled the air.

Nexi's eyes were drawn to the other girl's rapidly darkening pink panties. On the other side, the girl's eyes were also drawn to Nexi's own rapidly darkening black panties. Blush crept to both girls' cheeks.

She's having an accident...

Oh!

Realizing the warmth between her legs, Nexi quickly closed her legs and pressed her thighs together. Thankfully, she still regained enough control of her sphincter that she managed to stem the flow.

Standing up, her blush reddened as she saw the small puddle she left behind.

"Are you alright? Can you stand up?" She offered her hand to the girl, with the other hand pressed between her legs.

"T-thank you." The girl answered. Her legs were now closed and pressed tightly together, just like Nexi's own legs. And by the lack of a hissing noise, it seemed she managed to stem her own flow as well.

Lifting her up, a few dribbles landed on the elf's already wet panties.

"I-I apologize, but I really need to get going."

The girl bowed in a hurry before awkwardly fast-walking towards the nearby staircase to the second floor. Glancing down, Nexi could see that she too had left her own puddle, and one bigger than hers at that.

She's heading to the toilet for sure. I should follow her.

Knowing that her limit was approaching, she really needed to hurry.

Using her elven sight, she could see the dribbles of pee the girl left behind on her wake. She just had to follow that trail and she would reach the sweet relief she desperately needed for sure.

The second floor. Stairs. That's not good.

Still pressing one hand in front of her skirt, the elf slowly made her way upstairs.

Drip.

Leaking a drop every step she took.

###

Ooh, why must it be occupied?

The girl Nexi bumped into was now standing in front of the closed toilet, squirming and writhing in place. Both of her hands dug into her crotch, with a finger pressing into her pee hole.

She had returned from an expedition in the ruins bursting for relief. Not wishing to pee inside the ruin itself, since doing so always earned the risk of monster ambush, she made her way here, since her inn was further away. In retrospect, she should've just peed on the side of the road, but she thought she could hold it just fine until she got here.

That was a grave, grave mistake.

"Please hurry!" She knocked on the wooden door.

"Wait a second please, I'm finishing up here." The voice behind the door replied.

Spuuurtttt.

Psshhhhh...

"Oh gods, I can't hold it anymore! Please!"

"You're an adult. You should be able to hold." The voice replied with an annoyed tone.

"Don't be silly. Even an adult has her limit in holding."

The girl looked to the side to find a dark-haired elven girl frowning at the toilet door.

"You... You're that girl I bumped to before..."

"The name's Nexi." She glanced at the girl. "And yours?"

"A-Alicia."

"Alicia, do not listen to the woman behind this door. Even adults can have accident sometimes. There's no shame in it."

"R-really?" The girl squirmed.

"Really. Even now, my bladder is bursting. I don't know how much longer I can last. But I keep my chin up. If I have an accident, then so be it."

Alicia looked at Nexi in disbelief. How could she be so... composed when her need was as bad as her? She saw her wet panties and puddle when she crashed to her. And even now, there were droplets falling down her crotch as she stood there with her arms folded under her chest.

With a loud creak, the door to the privy opened.

"There. Really, can't a woman have some peace in her relief?"

She too was an adventurer like them, it seemed, judging by her attire. She wore a teal tunic, white coat, and black shorts.

"Oh, thankyouthankyouthankyou!"

Alicia rushed inside and closed the door behind her, leaving only Nexi and the dark-haired human woman staring at each other.

"A newcomer. Careful now. The ruins are merciless."

With those words, the woman left.

Though not before Nexi noticing the glistening on her shorts.

*006*2021-08-18 14:35

{{6 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

I like Nexi's design.

}}

Yeah, I love that picture.

*008*2021-08-18 15:25

{{37 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

It also reminded me of Lune from the Dunwell Academy rp I liked that character.

}}

Didn't I use the same picture?

*010*2021-08-18 23:09

{{8 hours ago, Night Rain said:

It also reminded me of Lune from the Dunwell Academy rp I liked that character.

}}

I guess their personality is pretty similar too.

*012*2021-08-18 23:40

{{26 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

Depends if you plan on making her the sameway or acting different.

}}

You'll see.

*014*2021-08-19 00:55

{{48 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

Ok.

If you're ever in need of art for this story I'll send something.

}}

Probably not. I already have a lot of pictures I can use. But thanks of the offer.

*015*2021-08-21 15:45

*psshhhh*

"Ooohh..."

Alicia's groan distracted Nexi from the woman's shorts, as it immediately made the elf let out her own spurt. She shoved her hands between her legs, bending over forward as she did a pee dance in front of the privy door.

...This is bad. The sound... It makes me... Lose control...

*psshhhh*

*spurt spurt spuuurtttt*

Waves after waves of warmth wet her fingers, as droplets after droplets hit the wooden floor. Some trickled down her thighs into her thighhigh socks, dampening the skintight fabric. All the while Alicia peed loudly and shamelessly behind the door, letting out sighs and moans of relief.

I'm... wetting... myself....

Her mind returned to her job with the nobles. Back then, she ended up having a complete accident right in front of the mansion gate, earning giggles and laughs from the guards stationed there.

Would she end up having a similar accident here?

The door burst open. Finally, Alicia was finished.

"Here you go, Nexi! You can use— Nexi. A-are you alright?"

The elf was as rigid as a statue. A puddle was visible under her. Both hands were pressed between legs.

And tears were forming in her eyes.

Silently, she nodded.

Slowly, inch by inch, she moved her legs to the wooden throne beyond the door. Any faster and she would spill the overfilled cup that was her bladder.

And then...

It's full.

The chamberpot... It's filled to the brim with pee.

There is no space for mine.

The dam broke.

She stood in place, watching helplessly as a waterfall of gold escaped her panties.

She didn't speak. She didn't move. She just watched as her bladder slowly emptied. Her socks and boots were soaked and a massive puddle formed under her feet, so much so that it began seeping through.

"Nexi..."

Alicia could only stare in horror as her newfound friend had an accident. Even though she had gallantly defended her from that proud adventurer woman.

When her stream died, Nexi looked at Alicia with damp cheeks and said, "I... need a change."

###

Meanwhile, downstairs, the rude adventurer lady were standing in front of one of the billboards. She was reading the quests being offered, deciding which one she'd like to do for her next trip into the ruins. You were forbidden to take more than one quest at once so it'd be fair to the other adventurers.

Her shorts were still glistening a little from her little accident. She had forgotten her morning pee and she spurted quite significantly in them before achieving relief. Thankfully, they were black, so there was no need to change as no one would notice.

*drip*

She felt a drop of water hitting her head.

*drip* *drip*

Two more drops, almost simultaneously.

It was enough to make her look upwards.

Hmm? The ceiling? It's leaking?

*sniff*

Hold on, this smell... this isn't water...

This is pee!

...Oh, those imbeciles! They knocked off the chamberpot, didn't they? It's leaking all the way down here!

Urgh, disgusting! Now I have to take a bath! No way I'm going to let my hair being dirtied by pee!

She made her way back towards the stairs, ready to give the two weak-bladdered adventurers a tongue-lashing.

Only to find Nexi and Alicia descending the same stairs.

She immediately noticed it — the soaked state of both girls' panties. As she was down below, she could look up their skirts clearly. Alicia's pink panties were positively drenched, but it was still nothing compared to Nexi's black panties. The latter actually still released droplets of pee. As the socks and boots of the elf were soaking wet as well.

It was no innocent little spurts in one's panties. No, she definitely had a major accident.

Wait, was it her accident that—

"Excuse me. Please step aside."

It was Nexi's polite plea for her to move that made her snap.

The woman yanked the elf and dragged her to the first floor.

"Look, everyone! This little elf just had an accident!"

With a triumphant smile, she declared Nexi's shame to every adventurer present there.

"What? Seriously? As in, she wet her pretty little panties?"

"Yep, that's right!" The adventurer lady grinned. "She didn't make it to the privy!"

The crowd burst into a laugh. Even the girls and women joined in as well.

It was enough to make Nexi's eyes tear up again. She remained strong however, giving them a proud glare, refusing to give them any show of embarrassment.

"You... You're horrible!" Alicia yelled. "How can you do this to her?"

"Look, her piss dropped from the ceiling right onto my hair. Do you know how long I would need to clean that up?"

"Still, you can't just—"

"It's alright, Alicia. I'll apologize."

To her surprise, Nexi gave the cruel woman a deep bow.

Or so she believed, until she reached forward and yanked her shorts down.

Revealing her stained panties to the world.

The crowd gasped

"You—"

"Hey, look! That yellow stain! She's pissin' her knicker as well!"

The crowd burst into a laugh once more.

And just like that, Nexi achieved her revenge.

"Let's go." She whispered to Alicia, grabbing her hand as she made her way to the door.

"W-wait, you can't just— aaahhhh!"

The woman tripped on her pulled down shorts, causing an even more wild laughter from the crowd.

That day, the reputation of Freyja, one of the Elite-ranked adventurers, was stained yellow forever.

Just like her panties.

*016*2021-11-20 14:23

"Begin!"

The rustling sounds of parchment being rolled open filled the room, followed by the scratching of feather pens scribbling on its rugged surface.

Under her seat, Nexi crossed her legs. She needed to concentrate. This exam would decide her future as a scholar.

Back at her homeland, the elf once attended the prestigious Bellflower Academy. Known to be the beacon of wisdom for all elvenkind, every elf who wished to be appointed as state scholars would go there and enroll.

Twenty years. She had spent the last twenty years studying in this place. Away from home and her family.

And all that sweat and blood and tears hinged on today.

She recrossed her legs. The nerves had gotten to her. She needed to pee.

It wasn't just her, however. Glancing around the silent hall, she could see many writhing elven legs just like hers. Students, particularly of the female persuasion, needing to pee during their exams were all too common, thanks to their heightened, tense nerves. It was just like her Natural Science classes said, that a tense woman would produce more pee from her kidneys.

Unfortunately, even with such knowledge, the academy still forbade them from excusing themselves in the middle of their examinations.

And so, it was a common sight to see her classmates running to the nearest bathroom with droplets of pee behind them after a test. And she imagined half of the girls there ended up with at least a wet patch on their panties, judging by how common squirming seemed to be.

Still, no one had ever actually wet themselves during the test. And she had no plans in being the first.

The clock ticked on. The honor student was now in the middle of writing an essay regarding the purification of aetherial fuel. Her bladder had become full, so very full that it became an aching distraction for her. She was now fidgeting actively on her seat, her butt gyrating softly back and forth on the wood.

Suddenly, she froze, her fingers gripping the edge of her feather pen tightly.

Her bladder had just spasmed, threatening a significant leak inside the black panties she wore today. Thankfully, it was satisfied with just a small coin-sized leak.

Some more of said leaks continued to dribble out from her faucet as the clocks ticked on. When there was only half an hour left, her panties were pretty much soaked. She had one hand pressed into her labia while the other continued to write.

It wasn't that odd for her underwear to be in such a state. She could count the tests where her panties remained pristine in one hand. Most of the time, they would be wet and soggy from the leaks she suffered through the entire ordeal.

Twenty minutes left. She saw the girl in front of her standing up. The massive wet patch on her tight-fitting black trousers didn't escape her sharp elven eyes. She made a beeline to the teacher's table, gave him her work, before hurrying out of the room, leaving a trail of droplets behind her.

A sympathetic spurt filled the elf's panties, bringing fresh warmth to her left fingers. She grimaced, gripping her pen even tighter. A small puddle slowly grew between her pristine white thighs, which quickly dampened said flesh as she pressed her legs tightly together. Her thigh high socks became a victim as well, with pee darkening their skintight fabric.

Fifteen minutes left. More and more girls left the room, all with noticeable wetness on their clothes. A girl wore a cloak she had been sitting on the entire exam and that cloak now had a butt-sized wet patch on it.

She, however, refused to do the same. She still had one more question to answer — one more essay to write.

Her bladder, however, disagreed.

A jet of pee fired from her peehole, earning a gasp from the elven scholar. She dropped her pen on the table and jammed both hands into her panties to stem the flow.

No use! It's not stopping!

Was this it? Was she really going to the first to wet herself

Panicking, she decided swiftly on the only course she could take.

She pulled her soaked right hand from under her skimpy undergarments and slammed it back on her parchment, forming a pee blotch on its surface. Still readable but the scent would be all too obvious.

And then, as she peed, she grabbed her pen and continued writing. Just a little more than she would be finished. Then she could run to the bathroom and get the relief she desperately needed.

The warmth continued to speed, pooling on the wooden chair, spreading all over her pert bum. Eventually, after her thighhigh socks were oversaturated with the liquid, the pee overflowed to the floor, little droplets at first until it became an all too obvious waterfall of gold.

Ten more minutes. She only needed just a few more until she could finish her essay.

She tried as best as she could to stem the flow but there was a voice in her mind that told her “Hey! You’re already wetting yourself! Might as well let it all out!” over and over again. To be frank, the pleasure of relief nearly overwhelmed her, eclipsing the embarrassment she was feeling. She gritted her teeth, not allowing a single moan to escape her throat.

Five more minutes. And finally, she finished her essay.

She stood up, dropped the pen on the table, grabbed her paper with both hands, and quickly made a beeline to the teacher on the front. She didn’t even bother to look at the puddle under her chair. She knew it was there, just from the wetness she felt in her boots.

She speedwalked to the front, still peeing, leaving a trail of wetness behind her. It wasn’t droplets like the other girls. It was a genuine trail, left from the obvious golden waterfall falling down from between her legs.

She dropped the paper on the table, earning a judging look from the old professor, before making a beeline to the door.

“Wait.”

Only for him to stop her in her tracks.

“Clean that up.”

She froze, her heart skipping a beat. Slowly, she turned around, the nervousness making her waterfall flow even stronger than before.

“Miss Nexi, you have violated the cleanliness of this sacred ground of learning. As such, I cannot permit you to leave until you dry every puddle you have left behind. And of course, as punishment, I would have to lower the result of your test as well.”

Her eyes watered as she looked at the professor in disbelief.

Did she — did she hear him right?

Not only did she ask him to stay but he would lower her grade as well?

She had worked weeks, nay, months to be able to answer those questions that well. Studied endlessly in the library, enduring desperation in the process as the bathroom was so far away.

And now, he would take all that effort away?

Her dam burst. She was now peeing full force, her jet splashing noisily to the floor below her.

Enough to catch the attention of the remaining students.

What happened next was a blur.

Perhaps she stood there in shame, emptying her bladder in front of everyone.

Perhaps the other students laughed at her for wetting herself when she was already more than 100 years old.

Perhaps she had to take a towel and wipe her rivers and lakes of pee from the floor, staying there with the professor watching her.

Whatever happened, she knew one thing for sure.

Her accident lost her everything — her future prospects as an official state scholar, her friends, and her family (there was no way she would go back to them after this!). Twenty years going down the drain.

In the end, she left the kingdom for good, going into human lands to further her research.

If one day, she could find a really big and important discovery about the lost civilization of Atlanta, she would finally be able to return home.

But for now, all she could do was run away.

*019*2021-11-21 07:58

{{2 hours ago, Bothan1138 said:

I’m glad to see this story continue.

Just one question. Is “Atlanta” a typo? Or is our leaky elf really searching for a city in Georgia?

}}

Hah! Didn't think of that correlation!

It's not a typo. It's supposed to be an offshoot of Atlantis.

And don't count on this story continuing. I only did this update on a whim.

*021*2021-11-21 14:09

I was actually inspired to write a new chapter after reading The Disgraced Knight from Redlaw.

*022*2022-04-17 05:50

"Urghhhhh…"

Nexi woke up with a soft groan, followed by a yawn as she stretched her arms upwards. The sunlight streaming from the window above her had tickled her eyelids, demanding the elf to return from her dreamworld.

That's right. She was now in an inn inside a human city. She was no longer in her homeland, inside her dorm room back at the academy.

She cringed. She could feel the obvious wetness surrounding her legs. Sitting up, she looked down and saw a massive dark patch on her white, now slightly yellowed, sheets.

She had wet the bed.

Curse that dream…

Blushing, the elf climbed down her bed. Hooking her thumbs at her pajama pants' waistbands, she pulled it down in one move, revealing her soaked black panties underneath. She then unbuttoned her pajama top, showing her braless small lumps to the world.

The top is salvageable. Only the bottom needs washing.

She walked up to the nearby chair where she had put her day clothes, neatly folded in a pile.

Oh, right. I don't have any more clean panties. I suppose I'll just have to wear these. I've had so many accidents in them I don't even feel itchy anymore when they're damp like this.

I could buy some more new pairs but they're really expensive for some reason. Especially black ones.

She had given up entirely on buying white panties, which were the cheapest ones. Any dribble and the yellow stain would be permanent. And knowing how short her skirt was, said stain could be seen by strangers easily and they would know she was a leaker. And only little girls leaked into their panties.

She put on her skirt, shirt, and cape, followed by her thighhigh socks and boots. Unlike her panties, she did have a change ready for them both after her… accident yesterday.

Exiting the room, she headed straight downstairs. She had to inform the innkeeper of her accident. And, most likely, pay her extra for the mess.

ㅤ

"Good morning! What can I help you with, Miss?"

That morning, the front table was attended by the innkeeper's daughter, One of two, actually, since she had twins when she gave both to them. She wore a casual faded white shirt with a long brown skirt, the latter matching the color of her waist-length hair and eyes.

She was sitting down when the elf arrived but she quickly stood up when she saw her coming.

“I would like to inform you of something. I… had an accident."

The elf's cheeks burned red as she spoke her words. Bedwetting at her age? She's already 50 years old for gods' sake, not a little girl anymore!

"An accident?" The girl tilted her head as she crossed her legs under her skirt. "Ah! You mean you wet your bed last night!"

"Please don't say it out loud… I…" Nexi averted her gaze, holding her arm with her hand. "It doesn't usually happen. I… had a nightmare…"

"A nightmare?" She giggled, putting the back of her hand to cover her mouth. "Must be really scary, huh…" She leaned forward, her boots moving up and down as she lifted her legs back and forth. "So, what's it about?"

"W-well, it's about…" She stopped. Her cheeks turned even redder as she realized she almost told a complete stranger that she wet herself in her exam.

"Ooh, that kind of wet dream!" She winked. "I understand! Sometimes, it happens to me too…" She whispered with a conspiratorial tone. "Well, don't mind the extra payment! The cleaning job is on the house!"

Nexi looked at her with disbelief. Really? She wasn't going to charge her extra for peeing in her bed?

"Now, off you go!" She shooed her with her hands. "Breakfast awaits! Just to your left!" She grinned, pointing at the direction.

Nexi didn't say anything further. She wouldn't bite a gift horse in the mouth after all.

As she made her way to the tavern, however…

"Ooh, when is Mother coming? I can't hold it for much longer…"

She saw the girl bent over behind her desk, holding the front of her skirt with both hands.

Ah, so that wasn't excitement. She just needs to pee.

"You should go." She told her with a stern look. "I can keep watch over the desk if you want."

"R-really?" The girl brightened. "T-then please do!"

Without hesitation, she ran past the elf, heading straight to the privy room at the back of the tavern.

Leaving a series of suspicious droplets on the wooden floor.

Poor girl… She must be bursting…

ㅤ

Nexi sat there for about fifteen minutes or so, until the girl returned; an all too relieved expression on her face. A suspicious wet patch was visible on the front and back of her skirt and a slight scent of pee emanated from the fabric.

"T-thank you, miss!" She curtsied. "I will never forget your kindness for the rest of my life!"

Nexi raised her eyebrows. She didn't think she did anything special.

"Don't mind it." She sat up. "We're both girls after all. And girls need to stick up with each other."

And by that, she meant sticking up to your fellow gender whenever they were in need of a pee. Thanks to their weaker bladders, it was all too common for one to encounter a girl desperately in need of relief, whether you were a peasant or a royalty.

"A-Ah… you're right, Miss!" She smiled. "You're absolutely right!"

"Well, I'll be taking my breakfast now."

With those words, Nexi left the girl, who really didn't know how to feel. She was a bit scary with that stern look of hers but at the same time she's really kind as well. She saved her from wetting herself!"

I'll remember your name, Miss Nexi… She thought with a smile.

*024*2022-04-18 20:46

{{4 hours ago, rfthawne said:

All your stories in this thread have been excellent! I wish I had read them sooner. I know you mentioned it not necessarily continuing, but I hope there are more updates, even about some of the other characters besides Nexi.

Really fantastic work!

}}

Thank you for your kind words!

Glad you like it! I feel there's a lack of fantasy omo on the site so I thought I'll write some.

And writing a cute fidgeting elf lady is certainly quite fun in itself.

