Warcraft Omorashi Story - Page 2

Author: Earth Shock

*025*2015-02-18 09:22

Here is some more, I got more done actually, but I'll post it periodically if there is still any demand.

"So I assume we are going to Menethil Harbor." Fiora said to the two Night Elves. "That's right!" Laura responded. Fiora who had now grabbed Laura's tail said "In case you didn't notice, we will... draw attention, if we go to towns." Laura now looking upward and feeling her horns responded "I guess so... well how would you like to get to Dustwallow then?" Fiora picked up a small rock off the ground and looked at it and began saying "I can make a portal that leads there, however, it requires a rune of portals, all of which were taken away from me when I was imprisoned." Laura thought for a moment before responding "So what do you want to do? Obtain a rune, or sneak on the ship?". Sera who had only been listening to the conversation until said "

Runes are often sold in reagent shops, most larger towns have one, I could probably sneak in and get one, a portal would be much faster anyway." Fiora noded "Very well, go get one, we will travel to that cluster of trees over there and wait for you." she said. Sera took off in the direction of Menithil Harbor and Fiora and Laura traveled to the group of trees.

Fiora and Laura began walking, Laura now feeling slightly awkward to be away from Sera for the first time in quite a bit. Fiora sensing Laura's state decided to try lightening the tenseness with a casual question. "So Laura... have you wet your diaper since we left?" Fiora asked. Laura quite bluntly responded "No". Fiora got a grin and asked "Want to do it now? I haven't either." Laura smiled and responded "Well I *do* have to go... I was going to wait for Sera, but she probably won't mind." Fiora lifted up her robes exposing her diaper and said "On the count of three... one... two... THREE!" Fiora had a massive grin as a faint hissing noise could be heard and her diaper got slightly bigger with a tint of yellow. Laura too was wetting herself, though it wasn't really visible as she kept her gear on "Ahhhhhh..." she said. Fiora poked her wet diaper before dropping her robes back down "I really got to thank you guys."

Laura now sitting down with her back to a tree responded "For what exactly?" Fiora now sitting down next to Laura smiled, fangs exposed, and responded "For freeing me from that horrid place, and for well... the diapers, I like them so much, is it odd they excite me more then my escape?" Laura laughed a little and put one of her wings around Fiora like a blanket before responding "Yes and no I suppose, being freed was probably better, but the diapers are a constant for you now... plus I need to thank you to Fiora."

Fiora responded "For what? You guys have done so much for me." Laura who had now pulled her pants down and was pokign her soaked diaper responded "The transformation you tricked us in to, I love it, it feels great, I feel so full of energy and power, plus it's kind of hot, something I never thought I was say." Fiora smiled, her to with her fangs exposed "I am glad you like it, I felt guilty at first, but since you like it so much, I feel better now." she said. The two women hugged each other and resumed talking.

Meanwhile at Menithil Harbor, Sera had snuck in to the back window of a reasgent shop hoping to steal some runes of portals. She had gotten used to her new features and was able to stealth without any trouble. She snuck in to the basement storeroom slipping past the occupied vendor. She looked through the crates to see if there was any runes when she came upon something she did not expect. She opened a box and inside was runecloth, a lot of it. Sera remembered what Fiora had said about enchanted cloth and she decided to take some of it. She got several bolts, more then enough to make diapers for her and her friends.

The thought of new diapers gave her the urge to pee, but she wanted to have some fun with it so she decided to hold it for now. After that she continued searching for runes, which she eventually came across. There was only a bag of about five, she took the bag with her and got ready to sneak out. Before long the vendor came down the stairs to the basement storeroom and noticed the crates had been broken in to.

"We have been robbed! Someone broke in and stole some things!" the vendor said. Sera hid behind a stack of boxes, she might have been excellent at sneaking, but even she couldn't get through a single door with someone standing in it in the light without being seen. She decided to wait it out and wait for an oppertuinity to escape. A guard from outside who heard the vendor's calls came down in to the basement and started searching. Sera's urge to pee came back pretty bad suddenly, leaving her hiding and needing to pee. Much to her dismay, she decided to wet herself, the urge to pee would of been troublesome when trying to escape.

She went quite a bit and really wanted to give a sigh of relief when she was done, but she couldn't let the guard see her. Sera had no desire to harm an innocent, but she couldn't be caught. She took out some sleep poison and coated a dagger with it. As the guard walked by she very carefully cut the back of his neck, not enough to deal any permanent damage, just enough to let the poison get in. The guard dropped to the floor and passed out. The vendor standing in the doorway ran off in fear giving Sera her chance to escape, which she did and ran off to the trees Laura and Fiora said they would be waiting at.

Sera reached Laura and Fiora who were both resting. Sera walked up and said to them "I got the runes... and something else!" Fiora stood up and took the bag of runes from Sera and said "What's the other thing?" Sera reached in her bag and pulled out several bolts of runecloth "You said you would need something like this to make better quality diapers Fiora, I saw it and figured it would work." Laura jumped up in excitement "Yay!" she yelled. Fiora smiled and took the cloth "That will be fine... but we should probably take a portal to Theramore first before I do anything with it, the Kirin Tor have been tracking us and I am sure your event didn't go unnoticed Sera."

Sera frowned a little and responded "Yeah I had to incapacitate a guard." Laura quicky said "Let's go now, I don't want to stay here anymore." Fiora noded and began casting a portal to Theramore. Fiora while casting a portal spoke up "I made it so this portal will take us outside the city walls so we don't... draw attention. I also am making it last about thirty seconds to cover our trail quick, so jump through immediately!" Laura and Sera noded. Fiora finished casting the portal and let the two Night Elf women jump through before going through herself.

All three appeared outside the walls of Theramore. Fiora smiled and said "Glad it worked, portals are usually made to lead to specific area, it's much more difficult to cast ones that differ from that area... but we should get going." Laura and Sera followed Fiora in to the marsh. Some time had passed and the three decided to settle down for the night. However, all three no longer required much sleep due to their corruption, so they decided they would just rest and talk. "We should reach Onyxia's Lair by tomorrow." Fiora stated as she was sitting on the ground. Sera fidgeting with her tail a bit asked "So what is this artifact that you are after so much?" Fiora grinned "It's a suit of armor, but it's not some typical enchanted armor, it's power level is far beyond anything you would normally find." she said. Sera looked up at Fiora "What is so magical about it?" she said.

Fiora looked at the two Night Elves before responding "I'll give you some history on it... Not many know of it, it's been a closely guarded secret among only a dozen or so people, I was lucky to learn about it from a tome in a high ranking mage's personal library... I used to sneak a peek at the forbidden tomes a lot." Fiora took about three or so second pause before continuing. "Nobody knows who made it, but it is said to house quite a bit of power, enough to warrent it being hidden and sealed. From what I understand is extremely resilient to damage both physical and magical while greatly enhancing it's wearers strength and magical energy.

You know me well now, so you can probably understand why I desire this so much, the armor coupled with my transformation will make me one of the most powerful mages there is." The two Night Elves noded and Sera spoke up "Well we should get going then!" Fiora smiled before continuing "There is one other thing... several suits were made, five to be exact, each one corresponds to a Dragonflight, that means you can also get some!" Laura and Sera turned to each other and smiled before Laura turned back to Fiora and asked "Where are the others?" Fiora who now started to get up said "The black one is here in Onyxia's Lair, the red one is deep within Grim Batol, the blue one is deep within the Nexus, the green one is deep within the Temple of Atal'haker, and the Bronze one is in Ahn'Qiraj." Laura sighed "Looks like we have quite the adventure ahead of us, we should get going." Sera giggled "We should probably change first!"

Laura and Fiora both smiled and Laura said "That would be a good idea." Fiora pulled the second set of diapers out of her bag and handed one to each of them. Sera was the first to be changed, she layed down for Laura who tickled her nether reagon a bit before finishing. Fiora layed down next and Laura changed her also. Fiora was still a little shy about being changed, but really enjoyed it regardless. Laura layed down for her turn, Sera was ready to change her when Fiora put her hand on her shoulder and asked "May I do it?" Sera looked at Laura and asked "It that alright Laura?" Laura smiled back at them "Yes I am fine with it." Fiora began changing Laura's diaper. She eventually finished and taped it up. All now diapered, the three of them continued their journey and starting heading deeper in to the swamp.

*026*2015-02-19 02:03

Inform me if more is wanted, I got some more.

*028*2015-02-26 03:23

As requested.

Fiora, Laura, and Sera had been traveling about an hour when Fiora stopped and uttered "I sense magical energy... we have a guest." Laura and Sera both looked at each other then back at Fiora. Laura asked "Who or what is it?" Fiora got a frown "They are Kirin Tor, be ready." Just then a single mage appeared in front of the group. The mage was a human female with black hair done up in a bun and brown eyes. "Hello Fiora." The mage said. Fiora with a somewhat displeased look responded "Hello Julia." Sera spoke up "I assume you two know each other?" Julia responded before Fiora could "Yes, we worked together a few times and I was one of her superiors." Fiora continued "Yes she is right, but she also forgot to mention she ended up betraying me."

Julia who also continued after Fiora had finished "I have no regrets and would do it again, I feared you would do something... unethical, and I see I was right." Fiora sighed before responding "So why are you here alone instead of with a bunch of other mages? I assume you have been tracking me with them." Julia calmly responded "I am, however, the other mages don't know I located you yet, all they could tell was a portal was used, but I figured you would head here, for obvious reasons, and it turns out I was right." Fiora laughed a little "So what are you going to do?" she said. Laura spoke up "We won't let you take Fiora anywhere." Sera spoke up right after "Yeah!" Fiora put her arm in front of her friends "Calm down, she is more powerful then me and I am sure you guys as well, let's listen before we do anything more."

Julia gave Fiora a dirty look "I am aware you were innocent, at least of the murder, that's why I decided to come see you on my own." Fiora now somewhat angry "And you did nothing!?" Julia snapped back "I couldn't! I didn't find out until after and none would listen to me!" Fiora now calmer responded "Well what are you going to do now then?" Julia now calmer as well responded "Keeping an eye on you, you are a power hungry bitch Fiora... but you are not evil and you would not harm anyone unless you really needed to." Fiora sighed a bit "Yeah umm, sorry about the guards." she said. Julia continued talking "Yeah, that's one of the things you can be convicted for, but the fel enrgy vials were also gone, we assumed you took them and I can see you have." Fiora flapped her wings and moved her tail around "Yes, I did." Julia sighed "Did you have to do it on them though?"

Fiora looked back at Laura and Sera and responded "That's another story, but I didn't harm them and they like it." Laura and Sera both noded. Julia sighed and continued talking "Look Fiora, I came here as a friend, I know you will be executed next time you are caught, and I don't want to see that, but on the flipside, I can't let you get out of hand." Fiora moved closer to Julia and put her hand on her shoulder "What are you implying Julia?" Julia sighed before responding "I am coming with you... I convinced the Kirin Tor I would be tracking you, they don't know I won't be bringing you in." Fiora smiled "Well, I thank you very much then." Fiora continued walking and Laura, Sera, and Julia followed.

After walking for some time Sera moved over next to Julia and walked with her. "Umm... hello." she said. Julia nicely responded "Hello Serendia" Sera a little shocked that Julia who she had never seen before knew her name. "How did you know my name?" Sera sked. Julia laughed a bit and responded "In our investigation we found out Stormwind was behind the break out, they denied it, but we figured it out anyway.

After that, it wasn't difficult to figure out the one they sent." Sera quietly responded "Oh" Julia looked towards Laura and asked "Who are you though?" Laura who had been quiet for a bit responded "You can call me Laura, I met Sera and we decided to travel together." Julia who had been eyeing each of the women as she talked responded "Well, hello then Laura." Laura noded as she continued walking. Julia still eyeing the women, more specifically their demonic features asked "I know full well why Fiora would drink that stuff, but what did you do it for?"

Sera smiled exposing her fangs and replied "It was actually an accident, but in the end I am glad it happened." Julia now with a suspecious look asked "I must ask, there were five vials, I will assume you drank one each, where are the last two?" Fiora opened her bag and pulled two vials out "They are here, want one?" Julia with a mildly disgusted look responded "NO! Why would you even ask?" Fiora smiled before responding "Just being polite."

Julia continued speaking "What do you plan on doing with those?" Fiora shrugged before responding "I am not sure yet, as much as I would like to, I can't drink anymore, it would act as an overdose." Julia remained quiet for a bit. After some time Sera got a sly grin and announced "Guess what I just did!" Laura and Fiora grinned as well. Julia feeling a little awkward about not knowing what was going on quiety said "What happened?" Fiora replied "Oh, just some fun." Laura smiled "Would you like to be changed Sera?" she said. Sera said "I would normally wait... but I have a fun idea!" Sera stretched her wings and tail and started to lay herself down backwards, except instead of going all the way on the ground, she balanced herself on her wings and tail.

Sera started giggling before saying "Try it like this!" Julia now very uncomfortable leaned next to Fiora and asked "What are they doing?" Fiora whispered back "It's kind of a long story, so I'll just say it up front. We wear diapers and use them, and we change each other. That's what they are doing." Julia with a mildly repulsed look responded "I shouldn't be surprised at you Fiora... you wear them to?" Fiora noded as she put one of her wings around Julia. Julia shoved it off and replied "Cut that out!" before turning back to see Laura ahd just finished taping up Sera's new diaper. Laura now done looked to Fiora "Think you should make those custom ones now Fiora?" Fiora noded and responded "I suppose we could use a break, Julia doesn't have the physical energy we do." while chuckling. Julia sighed and sat down with the other three.

A little bit of time passed and Fiora was still making new runecloth based diapers. Julia looked at Laura and Sera who were playing with each other "So what's with the diapers? I mean, it is rather odd wearing them you can not deny, did Fiora make you wear them?" Sera spoke up "Nope, actually I started them on it I wore them and Laura tried them out and we convinced Fiora to as well!" Julia now somewhat curious asked once more "Well then, why did you start wearing them?"

Sera giggled a little and responded "My job as a shady character, sometimes I would need to wait in stealth for long periods of time and well on some occasions nature called. I couldn't just go and give away my posistion, so I had to hold it. Some times I would actually be in pain from hiding so long with no bathroom, it was awful. One time I actually ended up wetting my pants, after that I decided I would wear diapers to prolonged missions, I did and it worked well. I eventually started wearing them in general, even when not on missions, and they eventually became kind of a turn on for me, the conveinance coupled with the awesome feeling I had when I wore them got the best of me, I have worn them exclusively for quite some time now."

Julia now a bit more comfortable with the shocking info she learned earlier replied "I see, I suppose that makes sense, but the other two..." Laura spoke up after that "I would wet myself on some occasions during battles, I couldn't be bothered with concentrating on holding it when I fought, so when I met Sera she got me in to them and they work well." Julia now slightly amused turned to Fiora and asked "And you Fiora?" Fiora bluntly responded "Meh, I just liked them after wearing them for a bit. I enjoy wetting whenever and wherever I want without having to stop whatever I am doing." Julia responded in an almost sarcastic tone "That sounds like you." Fiora with an amused voice responded "I'll take that as a compliment."

Fiora finished creating a batch of diapers. She held one up and announced "I made these with enchanted cloth and further enchanted them. They are custom made for you figures complete with a hole for your tail to slip through, no more crude cut." Sera and Laura both giggled and tugged on each other's tails slightly. Fiora continued talking "They will be able to last quite a long time before leaking and my enchantment will also retain the warmth after you wet them." Laura and Sera were now both quite excited. "They also clean themselves while not in use, so you each get two and can alternate between them." Fiora said.

Fiora took the batch of diapers she made and tossed Laura and Sera two each while keepign two for herself. She pulled out an additional two and threw them at Julia. Julia with a surprised look exclaimed "What?" Fiora smiled and said "You need to wear one to if you are goign to be traveling with us!" Julia now slightly annoyed responded "Why?" Fiora grinned "Because we can't be slowed down everytime you need to find a place to pee, plus I think it would be funny." Sera placed her hand on Julia's shoulder "Pleeeease?" she said.

Laura spoke up also "Yeah please?" Julia sighed and responded "Well, I might as well embrace it..." The two Night Elves giggled as Julia walked to behind a large tree. The three Elves waited for a minute or two and a slightly embarresed Julia came out from behind the tree "Fine!" Fiora grinned "Show me!" Julia lifted her robes exposing a the diaper Fiora gave her. Fiora smiled and said "Good!" Laura and Sera moved on either side of Julia and Laura asked "How does it feel?" Julia fidgeting a little responded "Kind of funny, but not bad though." Sera shouted "YAY!!!" Fiora turned around "Shhhh" she responded with.

Julia in an awkward voice asked Fiora "Umm... could I have one of those vials?" Fiora with a shocked look, something she didn't get often, replied "Are you serious!?" Julia noded and said "mhm" Fiora said as she began taking one of the vials out of her bag said "Sure... but I am honestly shocked that you would actually request it, at the very least after less then a day, why?" Julia still in an awkward voice responded "Well... the main reason is because, I my power to stay a step ahead of yours, so you don't do anything too... reckless."

Fiora laughed a bit as she handed a vial to Julia and said "Is that it?" Julia who took the cap off the vial, now with hands shaking replied "No, once you made me put on a diaper and I decided to embrace it, I figured I would embrace all of it and I realized, I can't go back to the Kirin Tor after staying with you so long, I don't have much to lose, not to mention, I was always curious how fel magic felt..." Fiora grinned "It feels great, you won't regret it." Julia replied "I hope not." as she downed the contents of the vial.

Julia still trembling a little asked "So when does this take effect, I mean, when do I grow... things." Fiora stroking one of her horns replied "In about twelve or so hours you will start to notice bumps where things will emerge, by 24 hours you will have small wings, small fangs, a short tail, short horns, slightly darker skin, slightly larger breasts, and will feel more energized, by about two days all of your features will be fully grown like ours and you will feel completely full of energy.

Julia smiled a little "It might sound weird, but I am actually a little eager for it to happen." Fiora smiled "Yes, it is quite nice." The four women began walking once more, only a couple hours away from Onyxia's Lair. Julia now no longer disurbed seeing Fiora, Laura, and Sera with demonic features asked "So what is it like? With the I guess, stuff, you have." Sera responded in a cheerful voice "Well, I have enjoyed it, the wings and tail help balance and it's nice being able to do stuff with them." she said as she moved up next to Laura and put one of her wings around her like a blanket.

Laura continued "Yes it's nice, it will seem a little odd at first, but you actually get used to it quick." Julia a little intreged responded "I see, well it will be nice to see how it is, also... I need to go, if you know what I mean." All three Elves turned around and looked at Julia. Fiora smiled and said "Your first wetting... have fun!" Julia got an embarresed look and said "Nobody look a sec, I mean, until I say." The Elves turned around giving Julia the privacy she wanted. Julia spread her legs a little and concentrated, this was after all the first time she wet herself on purpose. After concentrating for a good thirty seconds, a somewhat loud hissing noise could be heard and she exclaimed "I'm wetting!"

All three Elves turned around to watch as Julia emptied her bladder in to a diaper. She peed for about a minute straight as she held it in for soem time. "Ahhhhh..." she said. Fiora laughed ans asked "How did you like it?" Julia still with relief in her voice responded "Well, it felt nice to pee, doing it fully clothed was weird, but it's actually not bad or anything. I could certainly get used to doing it although I am not sure if I will end up liking it like you will." Laura whispered in Julia's ear "You will!" Julia grumbled under her breath to herself "I hope so..."

The women had been traveling for about two hours when they finally reached Onyxia's Lair. Julia feeling her forhead spoke up "Umm... I already have bumps." Fiora turned around and put her hand over Julia's forhead "Indeed you do." she said. Laura who was feeling Julia's back said "Yep, seems like wings are coming in to!" And Sera who was feeling her bottom continued "And her tail!" Julia smiled before saying "You said it took 12 hours before starting to feel anything." Fiora thought to herself for a moment before responding "Perhaps because your magic level is so much higher then mine, it accelerated it... still I am not sure why mine was at the same rate as their's when it happened to me." Sera took out one of her daggers and moved behind Julia "Hold still!" she said.

"What are you doing!?" Julia responded. Sera who had finished cutting a few holes in the back of Julia's robes responded "Make room for your wings and tail." Fiora interrupted "And I got your diaper covered, there is a hole ready made in it... just in case." Julia smiled a bit and said "Quite thoughtful, I wouldn't have guessed." Fiora laughed "Why? Because we look evil?" Julia frowned "Yes I suppose." Laura in an excited tone replied "Come on let's move!" All four women were nearing Onyxia's Lair. Laura said "I have been waiting for this moment, a chance to fight a real dragon!" Julia put her hand on Laura's shoulder and said "Sorry to crush your dreams Laura, but Onyxia has already been slain." Sera said right after "That makes our job easier at least." Laura now a little disappointed said "Wha?" and sighed. Fiora who now stood in front of the opening, sighed and walked in, the other three soon followed.

Sera hugged Laura and whispered "This place gives me the creeps, it's almost as bad as the Dalaran dungeons." Just then a group of bats swooped down and flew by the group. Sera screamed. Fiora turned and said "Shhh... it's just bats, nothing bad." Sera looked downward and replied "Say that to my diaper..." Laura, Fiora, and Julia all looked at Sera who was still feeling a little dumb about being scared. Laura went up and hugged her friend "It's alright Sera, that is after all what they are for." Sera smiled and continued wlaking beside Laura "Yeah, it's just when it's a real accident, I feel bad about it." Laura put her finger over Sera's mouth "Shhh don't think anything of it." Julia who now approached a large cavern spoek up "Well here is where Onyxia stayed. Fiora replied "Good, let's begin searching." They all started searching for any clues as to the wherabouts of the armor. Laura said while searching "I really wanted to fight a dragon."

A voice echoed "How about a drake?". All four women quickly gathered together ready for anything. A black drake flew down from the top of the cavern "I am surprised mortals came back here after the Brood Mother was killed. She is dead and all of the eggs destroyed, this is nothing but an empty cave now, so tell me, why are you here?" the drake said. Fiora responded in an annoyed voice "If it's an empty cave, why are you here?" The drake came closer "I am here because this is my home now." Julia spoke to the drake "You lie, I know why you are here and you know why we are here so let's just get to it." The drake responded in an amused voice "Well then, you know I will say it is being kept from your kind for a reason, and that I can't let you have it." Fiora laughed "Well we want it and will tawke it, you know what that means right?" The drake responded "Sure do" as it unleashed a wave of dragon's breath.

The four quickly dodged the breath and drew their weapons. Julia and Fiora started casting frost spells while Laura and Sera could do little due to the drake being up in the air. The drake took the frostbolts quite well and didn't seem to be suffering very much, but the mages continued. Eventually Julia kneeled down almost as if in pain, though she never took any direct damage from the fire. "Are you alright Julia!?" Laura yelled. Julia responded "Yes I'm fine, I just... UGH!"

After Julia let loose a grunt two fully grown wings sprang from her back as did a full length tail and full length horns. Her skin darnkened quick and her teeth grew to full length. Her eyes began glowing green and her breasts grew in size, her fingers and toes became pointed as well. "This... is... GREAT!" she yelled. She stood up and resumed casting frostbolts, this time dealing some serious damage to the drake. The drake's wings, now nearly frozen forced it to land. Sera and Laura wasted no time joining the battle, Laura took the drake head on while Sera lept on it's back and began stabbing it. The drake now overwhelmed fell over in defeat and with it's dying breath uttered "I hope you can handle it..." Fiora with a disappointed voice said "Such a shame..." she paused and looked over at a now transformed Julia "So what happened Julia?" she said.

Julia feeling her new features responded "Not sure, it was kind of sudden... damn, my diaper is soaked." Laura laughed "Yeah that happened to us to!" The women began searching again, this time with more luck. Sera found an odd crack in the floor "This looks promising!" The other three ran over to inspect it. Fiora cast a frost spell on the crack cooling the heated rock and makign it brittle. Laura slamed the rock with the hilt of her sword breaking it, and sure enough, underneith the rock there was armor pieces. Fiora now extremely happy took them out. Sera looked at them and said "Those don't look like they will fit you Fiora."

Julia spoke up "It changes it's shape to fit it's wearer." Fiora who was now removing her robes responded "Yes it does, so I don't even have to worry about my tail or wings!" Laura quietly watched Fiora go to put a piece on. As she did however, the pieces moved on to her changing their shape to fit her slender body in the process. "Well? How is it?" Sera asked. Fiora paused with an extremely satisfied look on her face before responding "I have never felt this good in my life." Julia interrupted Fiora's bliss and said "I think we should leave here now before we draw too much attention... awakening the armor caused a surge of magic." Fiora noded and responded "I agree, I have no desire to fight those I don't need to. The four women all ran out of the cage back in to the marsh.

*030*2015-02-27 04:22

Well even if it's just one I am glad to make someone happy.

*032*2015-03-02 07:50

Well sometimes very picky fetishes have issues becoming popular. Think about it, this story is perfect if you love the following.

~Omo (One would hope if you are visiting this site)

~Diapers

~Yuri

~Corruption

~Warcraft

Chances of someone loving all of those is not common, though some people might like it some or a lot of it, 5/5 is probably pretty rare. But as I said, I am glad at least someone likes it. And once more, if anyone has any ideas or requests they would like to see, please tell me!

*033*2015-03-07 21:23

I got some more chapters done, but since it's kind of a thing a select few are in to, just PM me and I can send them.

*035*2015-03-08 22:05

Ok I'll post more later tonight, just give a response even if quick so I know I'm not talking to myself >.<

*037*2015-03-09 08:01

The four women had traveled for some time and eventually reached the end of the marsh and reached the boarder with the Barrens. Laura with a disgusted tone said "Ugh, I hate this place." Sera spoke up after "Well at least we are finally done with marshes and swamps and stuff." Laura sighed and responded "I guess." Julia looked around a bit and said "We should be careful, this place is quite open and we would draw much attention." Fiora spoke up after that and said "Yes, I think we should head to that oasis there and hide out until night and also prepare for what's ahead."

Sera thought for a moment and said "What exactly is ahead? Where are we going?" Fiora grinned and responded "Ahn'Qiraj!" Laura sighed and said "You can't be serious." Fiora responded "I am, and it's your turn next Laura." Laura slightly eased by the fact she was the next to get armor responded "Well alright, but we must be careful, that place is extremely dangerous." Fiora laughed and replied "Ha! I am so much more powerful then I was, with my power and you guys, we can take on almsot anything." Julia shook her head and said "Oh Fiora."

The four women eventually reached the oasis and were all quite eager to relax a bit. Sera starting exploring the area while the other three sat down under some trees. "Fiora, you must be hot with all that armor on." Laura said looking at Fiora. Fiora laughed and responded "Actually I'm not! Despite it's looks, these is extremely comfortable, got to love magic!" Not much longer after that, Sera returned and said "I found some water! Want to bath?" Julia and Laura both stood up fast, Laura said "Yes, I am quite dirty."

Fiora grumbled a bit as the thought of removing her armor wasn't so great, but eventually decided to join the other's. They all reached the decent sized pool of water and striped down, including their soaked diapers as well. Fiora took her armor off, but kept it directly on the edge so it never left her sight. Laura and Sera began playing with each other a bit, touching each other's breasts and splashing water at each other with their wings. Fiora looked at Julia and thought "Perhaps I have spent too much time with those two Night Elves..." Fiora moved over to Julia and held her hand. "Julia... we were friends once, and the past day or so is making me miss that, would you be willing to go back to it?"

Julia giggled and responded "Oh Fiora, of course I would! I never hated you, I just needed to do it, but now that I am kind of with you guys now, I have left that all behind." Fiora hugged Julia much to Julia's surprise. "You are not one for much affection Fiora, you were always obsessed with your work, what happened?" Fiora smiled "Seeing those two, they are so happy and are always having so much fun, it's brought me back to a time before the Scourge wiped out my people."

Julia smiled and responded "I am glad you are not so bitter anymore... now if only we can work on that arrogance!" Fiora giggled and responded "That will take a lot of work I think." Both Fiora and Julia had a good laugh after that. Laura and Sera had calmed down a bit and be quietly washing each other. Laura looked at Fiora and Julia who were also washing each other as it was difficult to wash their own wings. "It's nice to see those two get along, I haven't seen Fiora this happy before." Sera smiled and responded "I know, it makes me happy to see it."

Julia and Fiora were washing each other when Fiora got quiet and said "There is someone watching us... I feel it." Julia also hushed up and said "I feel it to." The two signaled for Laura and Sera to come over. Before Fiora or Julia could say anything Sera said "We know... how do you want to proceed?" Fiora thought for a moment "Hmm... Sera, it's time to bring out your skills again. We will stay here while you locate them." Sera left the water and began searching for the person watching them, completely naked, she had no time to get her clothes. It didn't take Sera long to find them, it was a Human paladin.

"What do you want?" Sera asked the paladin who was trying to hide. The paladin turned around somewhat shocked seeing a naked Night Elf standing in front of her and she responded "Uh, hello?" Sera sighed and said "Come on." Sera took the paladin down to the water where the other three had already come out and put some cloaks they had on to cover themselves. Laura handed Sera a cloak as well. Fiora walked up to the paladin and asked "Well, who are you and what do you want?"

The paladin spoke up "My name is Alison, and I have been looking for you." Fiora chuckled and responded "Well you found us!" Alison still nervous continued talking "I came to help you." Fiora looked at Alison with a suspecious look "Help us? Care to mention how?" Alison started talking again "Most of you have been marked for death, with the exception of Archmage Julia, who is to be captured." Fiora shrugged and responded "And how is that supposed to help us?" Alison continued speaking "The Kirin Tor requested my order's aid after your... transformation, seeing as we specialize in fighting undead and demons." Fiora now taking Alison more seriously said "Go on."

Alison continued talking "Several of us were sent to aid the Kirin Tor in their search, I was one of the ones sent to smite you, but I questioned what was going on, for some reason I felt there was corruption going on, and I don't mean you." Fiora continued listening. "I was with a group of Kirin Tor, but we were ambushed by a group of Horde and slaughtered, I umm... forgive the slang, bubble hearthed." Fiora, Julia, Laura, and Sera all started laughing. Alison continued speaking "Anyway, I came back here and waited at the Barrens, I had a strong feeling you would come here, and I waited so I could talk to you when the time is right... seems you found me first." Sera interrupted and said "What do you want to talk about?" Alison replied "While I am not fond of siding with... things containing fel magic, I have the strongest feeling that you guys are innocent of what they have claimed, and that I should help you."

Fiora sighed "What have they claimed about me?" Alison quietly responded "They claim you have escaped prison and gained demonic powers and have corrupted Archmage Julia along with a few other unnamed women, and they say you are planning something terrible." Fiora still sighing replied "First up, I never escaped, I was freed by these two, one of which they know the identity of but they convienantly forgot to mention because they actually sent her, regardless. Second up, they are right about me gaining demonic powers, but I'm no agent of the Legion if that's what they think. Thirdly, Julia did this on her own, I might have encouraged it a bit, but she was the one to make the descision. And fourthly, we are just on a quest for power, I have no plans to do something terrible. This whole thing is a result of some corrupt people who wanted to use me."

Alison responded in a more confident voice "I believe you, but that's won't change anything for them." Fiora smiled and put her hand on Alison's shoulder "What are you going to do?" Alison thought "Well I am not going to help them, and they will get the truth out via magic if I don't tell them anything, so my choice is to run away on my own, or ask you if I can come with you." Fiora smiled and replied "I am fine with it so long as I don't hear any complaints about how we are." Alison noded and replied "I'll keep quiet, thank you."

After the conversation, the group noticed night was nearing. Alison yawned "Ugh, time for some sleep." The rest of the group looked at her and Sera said "We are traveling at night now, at least while we are in the Barrens." Alison groaned and responded "But I spent so much time and energy just getting here, I need sleep." Fiora thought for a moment and spoke up "We need a few minutes to get ready, but we need to keep moving, you can sleep for around five or so minutes then we need to go."

Laura thought for a bit and said "I remember there is actually another oasis further south, it should only take about an hour or so to reach, think we can stop there for a bit Fiora?" Fiora said "Very well, think you can reach that Alison?" Alison noded and responded "mhm" before dozing off. "I am sick of being naked under these cloaks, let's change and gear up!" The other three all agreed. Each woman pulled out their next personal dry diaper. Sera and Laura exchanged theirs so they could diaper each other, and much to the groups surprise handed Fiora her own.

Fiora just smiled and took it passing her own to Julia. All four proceeded to change each other in to fresh diapers, much to their delight. Fiora ran over to her armor and touched it and it put itself on her. The other three put their own clothing on as well. Sera playfully yanked Fiora's tail to get her attention. "What is it?" Fiora asked. Sera grinned "Want to make a few diapers for her?" she said as she pointed at Alison sleeping. Fiora grinned back "It will only take three or so minutes, why not?" Fiora pulled out the last bit of cloth she had and began weaving two new diapers.

Julia, who had now gotten quite used to having wings stretched them and looked at the Night Elves and said "How do you two feel about all this? I mean, your kind is very I guess anti-fel is the best way to put it." Laura responded "I kind of left my kind recently, I never fit in well and was always getting in trouble for not following traditions, the outside world always appealed more to me." Julia noded and looked at Sera "And you?" Sera smiled and responded "I don't know, it happened and I don't feel bad about it." Fiora spoke up directly after "All done!" she said. She held up the diapers and put them in her bag "Go wake up sleeping beauty, we are heading out."

After waking Alison, the group moved out. Alison yawned "How long do you think it will take to reach the oasis." she asked. Laura responded bluntly "About an hour or so." Alison rubbing her eyes responded "Oh yeah you had said that." The group continued walking for about twenty minutes. "I need to pee, hold up a sec!" Alison who was now more awake and fidgeting said. Fiora continued walking "We are already behind enough, no stopping, just hold it." Alison grumbled and continued walking. Nearly ten minutes had passed when Alison asked "How much longer?" now extremely desperate. Laura, still walking, responded "We are about half way there now." Alison responded in a loud tone "ONLY HALF!?" Laura responded "mhm".

Alison barely being able to contain herself said "If we don't stop I am going to piss my pants!" Fiora who continued walking responded "Very well then, piss yourself, we don't mind." Alison shocked responded "WHAT!?" The others continued walking ignoring what she said. Alison ran up to them as she had fallen behind slightly. She looked down and said "Oh no!" as pee started dribbling down her legs. Alison had peed for about a good minute all while trying to keep up with the rest. Julia noticed her wet pants and said "Are you alright?" while attempting to keep from laughing. Alison who was crying slightly responded "I'm fine.. *sniff*" Sera went over to Alison who fell to the ground from the embarresment and lack of sleep and picked her up, with no trouble at all due to her enhanced strength. "Hold on to me." Sera said as she maneuvered her tail and wings to form a place for Alison to sit on her back.

The group continued walking, save Alison who Sera was holding. They had reached the oasis. Julia looked in to the distance and said "We can probably reach Thousand Needles, Alison is sleeping, so there isn't much need to stop." Fiora thought a moment and responded "Good idea." Sera paused and spoke up "Well... I would like to stop a sec, to have a little fun." Fiora grinned and replied "Be quick!" Sera who had an extremely pleasured look on her face responded "Almost done Fiora." Julia spoke up "We should all probably pee before we head out." Fiora and Laura noded in agreement. There was a rather loud hissing noise from the three of them. Fiora sighed in relief while she was wetting her diaper "ahhhh..."

Laura giggled while she wet her's "hehe..." Julia kept quiet with her eyes closed and smiled. Fiora in a much happier voice asked "Is everyone done?" Julia still smiling said "Almost!" The Elves waited for about a good twenty seconds before Julia said "There, done." They all began walking again and Fiora looked at Julia and asked "How on earth did you pee that much?" Julia grinned "Oh, just had a little fun with conjuring." Fiora laughed "You conjured water... in your bladder?" she said. Julia noded and responded "It was nice, but meh, not really the same, I probably won't do it again." The group continued walking, now quite near to thousand needles.

*040*2015-03-09 19:55

Starting to catch up to what I have done (I got 11 done so far) >.<

Been the responses make me want to do more :P

*042*2015-03-12 01:21

Something I made for fun. I used the model viewer to make an idea of what I imagine the characters as (Though it's kind of shitty quality since it's using models from 2004), but it's just to give an idea. Keep in mind Night Elves are taller then Blood Elves and Humans, the model viewer just shows them the same size.

I'll make the demonic versions at a future point...

%http://imgur.com/eAVbZlM

Hopefully it doesn't ruin it for anyone (Don't look if worried!)

*045*2015-03-18 02:42

{{:

Tier geared Casters

Green geared Melees

What has this word come-Im joking

But seriously we need to get Laura and Sera decked out more they require badass gear to go with the demonic powers!

Would love to see Lauras weapons though...

Plus funfact I love the 2004 HD models more then the WOD ones.

}}

They will get some :P

The reason Fiora and Julia have it is since they are both semi-high ranking while Laura and Sera were sort of just a generic warrior and rogue.

I'll post the next part tomorrow. However, to hold you over, I did make up this...

Laura

%http://imgur.com/gIsWsof

Fiora (ONLY changed the skin color and eyes, haven't added features yet, but just to give an idea)

%http://imgur.com/1skjxYw

Not so sure how they came out, but they get the point across.

*046*2015-03-19 01:34

The group had finally reached Thousand Needles. Fiora looked out at the spires of rocks sticking up "We should camp on one of those." she said as she pointed at one of the spires with a relatively flat surface. Julia looked at the gap "Umm Fiora, how do you plan on crossing this gap?" Fiora grinned and responded "Like this!" Fiora ran towards the gap and lept off extending her wings and using them to glide the rest of the way towards the spire. Fiora from the other said yelled "Your turn guys." Julia, Sera, and Laura all looked at each other before shrugging. Julia was the next to leap over, followed by Laura. Sera took Alison in her arms and proceeded to do the same. Sera had a rough landing due to having to carry Alison.

"Yikes!" she said as she stumbled back a bit. Alison shook up by the jump woke up "What... Wha? Why are we up here?" she exclaimed. Fiora responded "This is a good place to rest, it will be difficult for anyone else to reach up here. Alison looked over the edge and turned around and ran to the center of the platform. Sera laughed "Ah you will be alright." she said. Alison looked at her pants, now dry, and said "I can't believe I did that... YOU did that!" Fiora smiled and replied "Well we had to keep moving." Alison got up "That's BS, we were walking, if we needed to keep moving, we would of been going faster, I was too proccupied to notice it then!"

Fiora laughed "Alright alright, I'm sorry, I just thought it would be funny." Alison grumbled and sat down. Just then Laura exclaimed "Woah I forgot!" The rest of the women turned around and looked at Laura, who had pee dribbling down her armor. Sera giggled before saying "Yeah I suppose we hardly even notice anymore..." Julia spoke up "I suppose we should change, it's been awhile." A really confused Alison slowly asked "Umm... what exactly is going on? Fiora turned and grinned before saying "Oh you will see soon enough..." Alison still confused remained quiet and waited for whatever Fiora was talking about. Fiora opened up her bag and pulled several new diapers out "Here we go" she said to the others. Alison somewhat shocked spoke up "YOU WEAR DIAPERS!? ALL OF YOU!?" All the women turned to her causing Alison to get an awkward look.

Fiora spoke up "Yes, we do, is that some sort of problem?... well?" Alison who seemed to have a difficult time responding to the intimidating Fiora responded "Umm... it's just... you are all adults, and the thought of you wearing diapers is really weird..." Sera interrupted and said "They feel nice, and are *really* convienant!" Fiora started putting a diaper on Julia when Julia smiled and said "Indeed they are... I was kind of how you are now, but I tried them and actually liked them!"

Sera removed her pants and lied down so Laura could change her and said "Actually I was the one to get them in to them... I used to wear them on missions that didn't give me many chances to relieve myself... but I eventually liked the feel and convienance of wearing them so I do all the time now!..." she paused before continuing "Want to try one?" Alison with a shocked look replied "Hell no!" Julia, now done being diapered, walked over to Alison and put her hand on the shoulder "If you are going to travel with us, I highly recommend you do."

Alison replied "Fine!" in a reluctant tone before continuing "But I'm not letting all of you put it on me!" Fiora walked up and handed Alison a diaper "No problem at all, we will turn away and Julia will diaper me and Sera can diaper Laura..." Alison grabbed the diaper and walked off somewhat annoyed. Sera and Julia both got new diapers getting ready to diaper Fiora and Laura. Julia started diapering Fiora, but Julia was stopped by Fiora.

"Actually... I want to do something Julia, give me that please." Fiora said. Julia handed her the diaper. Fiora taped the diaper up by her feet, as if she was wearing it and pulled it down. Fiora grinned and a hissing sound soon followed. The other three women watched somewhat shocked as Fiora pissed in her diaper, while standing, while it was at her feet. Fiora finished and pulled it up "Ahhhh!" she said. Laura, Julia, and Sera all looked at her. She looked back at them "Come on, you did it once, I have been wanting to try it, plus you can't say you that didn't look pleasurable."

The three all responded akwardly "Yeah, oh yeah, I guess, I suppose." Fiora looked around as she pulled up her wet diaper "Well whatever. I wonder how our paladin friend is doing." Only a few seconds after saying that, Alison yelled "Done!" Sera smiled at her "Well?" Alison paused before replying "Well it feels alright I guess, but I don't think I can get used to it." Laura spoke up "Actually you will, trust me!" Alison looked downward "Maybe..." she responded.

Fiora looked around "Night will come in a few hours, we should get ready to move out." Alison sighed "I'm tired, I don't have the energy you do." she said. Fiora grinned "Want it?" she asked. Alison got a look of dread on her face "Are you asking me if I want to become a demon?" Fiora took the final vial of the fel energy she had out and said "You won't become a demon, just partially one, and you will be more powerful and have the energy to keep up with us no problem." Alison trembled "This goes against everything I stand for, I shouldn't do this." Fiora smiled "You want to though."

Alison still scared replied "Yes..." Julia spoke up "You already disobayed your order and can't go back, why not?" Alison thought for a moment and responded "Yeah, but still..." Fiora grinned "Look our quest has room for five people, I was hoping you were willing to be the fifth after you said you were coming with us." she said. Alison looked at Fiora "Elaborate" she said. Fiora laughed "Very well, I am on a quest for power." Fiora paused and pointed to Julia, Laura, and Sera "These three have decided to go along with me, there were five vials of the fel energy, we each drank one, I got one left right here." Fiora continued. Alison now slightly calmer continued listening to Fiora. "We are also collecting artifact armor, the very armor I wear is one such, there is still four more, each of my friends gets one, leaving one left. It's yours if you commit to our journey." Alison thought for a moment and reached out for the vial from Fiora.

Fiora smiled, her fangs qutie visible, and said "Here you go." Alison slowly took the vial and with extremely shakey hands opened it. She lifted it up and after a few seconds of waiting downed it. The rest of the group clapped for her. Alison still shaking asked "So umm... when do I... umm... grow?" Fiora giggled at the similarities between Alison's questions to Julia's when she first got it "It took me, Sera, and Laura about two days, and Julia only a few hours."

Alison quietly responded "Alright". Julia thought for a moment and said "Maybe I can accelerate it, if you wanted that Alison." Alison responded "Yes, I just want to get it over with." Julia thought for a minute or so before saying "I've got it!... I can cast an arcane spell to imbue with power for a short time, perhaps it's enough for it to grow." Alison noded and closed her eyes and said "Alright, do it." Julia the spell she mentioned on Alison. Alison got a rush of energy followed by some pain where the demonic features would come in. Alison on the ground said "Do you see anything

!?". The other four looked on as her skin darkened and developed runes. Her breasts grew larger. Horns grew from her forhead and her canines extended forming fangs. Wings shot out of her back, as did a tail. She soon calmed down and and sighed. Alison looked up and asked "Did it work?" Julia smiled then pointed and said "Look!" Alison turned her head seeing she now had wings." Alison breathed a sigh of relief. Sera said "How do you feel?" Alison was quiet for a moment and said "I think... I think I wet myself." The rest of the women giggled and Firoa responded "It's alright, it happened to us to... glad you decided to take our advice and wear a diaper?" Alison with an awkward look noded. Laura put her hand on Alison's shoulder and said "You will get used to it very quickly, and eventually like it." Alison smiled a lottle and asked "You think so?" The rest of them smiled back and Sera said "We know so!"

Some time had gone by and night approached. Fiora stood up and announced "We should get ready to go now!" Alison who had kept feeling her new features got up and said "I'm not even tired." Julia who had already gotten up responded "Nice, isn't it?" Fiora went to the edge of the spire and said "Well Alison, it's time to test out those new wings of yours." before she lept over and glided down. Alison walked over and concentrated a moment. The rest of the group watched her excitedly. Alison stepped back a bit and ran towards the cliff and lept over. She extended her wings and glided down just like Fiora had.

Fiora grabbed her to prevent a rough landing and said "You learn fast." The other three all jumped over after Alison did. The group continued to jump from spire to spire until the reached the final one overlooking shimmering flats. Laura looked over the vast area of nothingness and said "Welcome to Shimmering Flats... not much to see huh?" Fiora looked over the edge and said "Well we need to get down there, think we can?" Before even saying anything Sera jumped over the edge and extended her wings using them to slowly fall downward. She landed on the ground with little impact and shouted up to the others "It's fine, come on down!" The other four proceeded to do the same.

After reaching the ground, the group started the unpleasent walk across the flats. "I am so bored." Julia said to the rest of them. Alison laughed "We should play a game." Julia now a little interested said "What sort of game?" Alison responded "Well, a reverse who can hold it the longest..." Sera, Laura, and Fiora also started listening. Fiora said "Not long ago you wanted nothing to do with our form of fun, now you are eager to join in?" Alison noded and responded "Well you guys have fun with it, I am already wearing a diaper, and I feel a lot more confident now." Fiora smiled and said "Go on." Alison continued speaking "We will change in to new diapers to all start equal, then we will not change them for a long time. The first one to leak is the winner!" The stared at Alison kind of shocked she would come up with something of that sort. Julia said "Your on... I won't cheat either." Sera, Laura, and Fiora also agreed to join in.

Alison spoke up "Now we all need to pee before changing, so we all start equal." Julia exclaimed "Alright!" almost instantly after a hissing noise could be heard as Julia lifted her robe and looked downward. Fiora grinned and pulled her greaves and diaper down about a quarter the length of her legs and started wetting in it. Laura and Sera also began wetting themselves while giggling at each other. Alison concentrated, as she was not quite as used to intentionally peeing herself, but eventually she followed suit "Ahhhh..." she said. The group all got our their second pairs of diapers. Julia and Fiora diapered each other as did Laura and Sera. Alison diapered herself as she wasn't quite comfortable having another do it. They all stood up and smiled at each other. "We should continue now." Fiora said. The group began the dreadful walk through the Shimmering Flats once again.

*049*2015-03-19 19:38

{{

Make sure to stop by that goblin town I use to love visiting the Race Track the goblins and gnomes had! *DAMN YOU CATACLYSM* }}

I got that part done :P I am working on just after they leave it!

{{ 

Psh...They should go naked so they don't die from the heat if you know what I mean *Wink Wink*}}

Interesting, that might happen soon, I mean after all, Tanaris is next *wink*

{{ 

This is most likely just the Models fault more of texture fault at the bottom tip of the wings a fair hint of green if this was intentional then I'm wasting my time pointing that out}}

I took the original model, modified the original skin with a custom one I got (I made a couple minor changes for my purpose), the horns and fangs were taken from the fel elf model, tail and wings were stolen from the succubus model. It's a bit crude, but considering I think it came out *ok*, it's at least nice enough to get the point across.

