The bursting newly qualified teacher

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2021-12-22 22:07

Kate was a newly qualified teacher who had recently started her first teaching position at All Saint College, London. The 25 year had loved her first month on the job and was excited to be in charge for today's class field trip to the South Downs. The morning hadn't got off to the best of starts though, the coach had turned up 45 mins late meaning lots of students had been getting arsey at Kate, particularly because they had had to wake up unnecessarily early. Furthermore, in the palava of having to call the coach company and deal with the frustrated college kids, Kate had forgotten to have a last minute bathroom break.

Now 30 minutes into the journey, Kate had noticed the early warning signs that of needing to wee. Sat in her playful jumpsuit, the slim freckled 24 year old crossed her legs and subconsciously played with her ginger pigtails. With the college students now settled behind on the coach, Kate chose to do something she wasn't strictly allowed to do whilst on the job. Kate turned on her mobile and sat it discretely on her lap. Firstly, scrolling social media could provide a welcome distraction from Kate's filling bladder. Secondly, Kate could Google their destination and track how long it will be until she could undress out of her jumpsuit and wee.

Another hour!! Kate sighed to herself. Uncrossing her legs and tapping her ankle against the coach floor, Kate exhaled loudly. "You okay miss?, Rob, the student sitting directly behind her, exclaimed. "Yes yes", Kate replied making a mental note to make a better job of hiding her growing need for a wee. Kate reassured herself, she could wait another hour even if it meant sitting in discomfort. Plus, if the worse comes to worse she could always use the coach toilet - though their grim nature meant that would have to be an absolute last resort.

........

Speaking of last resorts, Emily, one of the most popular girls in the class was in distress. Her stomach was churning relentlessly, the blonde students busty body in a constant battle. Squeezing her ass cheeks shut over and over, Emily consigned herself to the fact she wasn't going to be able to wait an hour until they reached their destination. Not able to cope with the latest wave of immense pressure within her bowels, Emily instinctively rose to her feet. Cheeks red with embarrassment, and with a guilty look on her face, Emily walked to the coach toilets as quickly as possible, and upon going inside had an immensely relieving poop.

.......

30 mins later and Kate was beginning to stress. Her need to pee had increased exponentially - with her need now consuming the entirety of the newly qualified teachers thoughts. Kate was undeniably desperate and struggling to stay composed in front of her entire class. It was no good, now was definitely the time to use the coach toilet if Kate was to avoid becoming totally bursting. Rising to her feet, Kate mentally prepared herself to run into the loo and undress out of her jumpsuit and sit naked in utter relief. As Kate stood up at the front of the coach, class fell silent in anticipation of being told off by their teacher. This made Kate anxious, she didn't want all her students to be able to hear how desperate she is, certain that an urgent wee was going to to noisily blasting out of her in a matter of seconds.

"Ms Taylor"

The coach driver interrupted Kate's journey towards the loo.

"If you're heading to the bathroom, I'm afraid to say they are out of use. Im being notified here that's there's been a blockage"

Emily went bright red, knowing her earlier relief was the culprit of the blocked system.

Kate's heart raced. She was desperate! Returning to her seat, Kate immediately crossed her legs and buried her face in her hands. Kate consigned herself to having to wait till class reached her destination.

"I hope I can hold on..."

End of part one

*004*2022-01-30 14:57

Steve, long term boyfriend to Kate, was working from home when he saw his phone buzz with a notification. Strange that Kate should message me whilst at work, Steve thought to himself, hoping that she was okay. Unlocking his phone, Steve was greeted by the following message

"Stuck on the coach with my new class and stupidly forgot to use the loo before getting on. I'm now absolutely bursting for a wee and there's no working toilet on board! So stressed :( xxx "

Steve, who had a long standing desperation fetish could hardly believe what he had read. His cock hardened at the thought of Kate's desperate plight.

A second message came through shortly after

" Seriously struggling to hold on :( "

Horny, Steve immediately pulled his erect cock from his boxers.

....

Back on the coach, and Kate was beginning to stress. 20 long minutes had passed and the teachers' need for a wee had continued to rise. Legs clamped together and bouncing in Union - Kate's sweaty hands unlocked her phone and looked at Google Maps for the fifth time in as many minutes. Arriving at their destination as soon as possible was all Kate could think about. Tracking their location, Kate could count down the minutes until she could finally get over a toilet and empty her full bladder. Only 10 more minutes, Kate tried to reassure herself. Just 10 more minutes. Kate crossed her legs as a shudder of desperation hit her out of nowhere and threatened the dry state of her bright pink thong.

"Miss, how long is left until we arrive"

Claire had needed the loo before they had even boarded the coach, but forgetting her student card meant she was unable to enter her college building before the coach journey. Not wanting to cause a fuss, Claire had boarded the coach and hoped sitting down and listening to music would distract her. Sadly, In the 90 minute since Claire had only become frantically desperate to wee. Unable to sit still and sat biting her nails anxiously, Claire had to muster up the confidence to ask or the damp patch already formed in her grey knickers was only going to grow.

"About 40 minutes" the coach driver replied.

"WHAT?!?" Kate exclaimed somewhat unprofessionally. That can't be right, she had Google Maps open! Kate was banking on the fact that her torture was going to be over in 5 minutes.

"I have directions to Graffham saying an ETA of four minutes right here!" Kate's flustered nature was obvious from the tone of her voice.

"Ah Miss Taylor, our destination is Grafham with a single F not a double - an easy mistake to make if you're not from the area"

(You can Google confirm this to be the case)

........

Kate heart sank. She couldn't possibly carry on holding for that amount of time.

Upon hearing the news, Claire's tired pussy involuntarily jetted a fat leak of pee into her grey knickers. Despite lasting no longer than a second, the steam being halted by Claire frantically clamping her legs shut, her knickers were already saturated.

Close to tears, Claire spoke up "I really really really need the loo Miss, I can't wait that long"

Without thinking Kate agreed out loud. "It's okay Claire, I really need a rest break as well"

.....

End of part 2

*006*2022-01-31 14:17

Steve had been messaging his partner Kate on and off for the last 30 minutes, where despite his raging arousal for the situation, he has tried to be supportive and sympathetic of his partner.

"How's it going Kate? Can't be long until you arrive at your destination, I hope you're holding up okay?"

"Got about 5 minutes left, tbh I'm struggling to stay composed and cannot wait to be off this coach. Honestly what a nightmare. About to have the best wee of my life lol! xxx "

Steve knew that the next time he heard from Kate she would likely have made it to the loo, but still fantasised about her running in to the stall and gasping as a loud stream unleashed from her. Steve had often witnessed Kate return home from work and race immediately to the loo, and particularly loved hearing her loud hissing and muffled sighs.

Steve's phone flashed with a new notification. It was from Kate.

"OMG OMG, I've been tracking the wrong destination this entire time :'( we've still got another 30 mins, I can't believe it. I'm really not sure I can do this. I'm almost at my limit!

Steve's pulse heightened to new levels. A second message coming in shortly after.

I'm dangerously close to wetting myself in front of my new class. This is so embarrassing :'("

...

Back on the coach, and with pressure from Kate to have a rest break, the driver had agreed to stop at the next services, just 10 minutes away.

Kate was now furiously grinding her body against the coach seat, urgently trying to provide some much needed pressure to her strained pee hole. Kate was thankful that she was at the front of the coach where none of the students could see her very obvious pee dance. Not that she had a choice in the matter. Her body was involuntarily bouncing and squirming in an attempt to keep herself dry. Even if Kate was visible to her students, a frantic pee dance was less embarrassing than wetting herself in front of them. Kate could not think straight any longer, as she mentally urged the coach to drive quicker, her nervous eyes permanently fixed on the road ahead. Worse still, all the wiggling and squirming meant Kate's underwear was now giving her a massive wedgy, providing the teacher some serious discomfort as her pink thong was engulfed by her asshole.

........

"OMG Claire, are you wetting yourself"

The 20 year old student was beside herself in desperation. She had been leaking hot wee into her grey underwear constantly for the last 10 minutes. Each leak longer than the last, Claire was sat bouncing furiously on the edge of her seat. Her tortured body was helped, only momentarily, by the undoing of her seat belt which was pressing into her full bladder. Claire had adopted a technique fanning her legs apart and together again, an action that meant the two college guys sat opposite her would occasionally smell the stench of Claire's piss-soacked underwear.

The sign that the services were just one mile away had tumbled Claire over the edge. Pictures of a toilet cubicle flashing through her mind, Claire's wee which she had been holding for over two hours suddenly erupted between her legs and flowed down the aisle of the coach.

.....

In the following commotion Kate assured herself that the same fate couldn't possibly happen to her. Squeezing her legs together tightly, Kate shuddered at the possibility of her own urine adding to the snaking stream of her younger student. She simply had to wait, now less than five more minutes until the coach was due to pull into some services.

Upon noticing the accident, the coach driver sighed, not for the first time this week he would be spending time cleaning up someone else's inability to hold on to their bladder.

"To the student who's just had an unfortunate accident, please do not worry, we will now press on to our destination and I'll clean up once you've all left the coach. ETA is roughly 20 minutes, so not long now"

"No, no, no!" Kate watched with horror as they passed the service exjt to their left. "I still had to go, please, please, I am also bursting" Kate's voice cracking under the stress of her situation.

"Oh I'm sorry Miss Taylor, I thought primary reason you wanted to stop was for your student, which for obvious reasons is no longer necessary"

"No, I'm also absolutely *gasping* for the loo" Kate shouted back at the driver, making her desperate situation known to her entire class.

"Please, you've got to turn around - I've simply got to use the bathroom right this minute". Kate gritted her teeth and let out a cry of anguish. Her hands were now permanently rubbing up and down the inside of her thighs.

A handful of student voices spoke up in unison, Claire wasn't the only student who was sat in anticipation of reaching the services.

"We also wanted a break Miss, we had no idea this journey would be so long"

Kate was absolutely overjoyed to have the students support. Their backing meant the coach was going to turn around and enter the services. As the coach pulled into the car park a short while after, no less that five students immediately rushed to front of the coach to be let out, before hurrying to the use the facilities inside.

Miss Taylor was the 6th to rise to her feet, the immense weight of her bladder meaning she was not able to stand fully upright. Her plan was to rush past the students in the car park so that she was the first person to reach the cubicle inside. Kate absolutely could not stand and wait in a queue, hearing her students' relief before her own would certainly result in a full blown accident.

Just as Kate was about to run out of the door.....

"I'm sorry Miss Taylor, but I can't let you leave this coach. Seeing as you are the only teacher on this trip, legally I am not allowed to be left in charge of those that are still on board"

The newly qualified teacher stood with crossed legs in shock at the news she had just heard. The reality of the situation dawned on Kate. She was stuck waiting in a service car park while her class could relieve themselves, still at least 20 minutes from their destination. Tears rose in Kate's eyes. She wanted to scream. She was absolutely bursting for a wee, more so than at any time in her life. The idea of waiting just two minutes longer was impossible, let alone 20.

A millisecond spray of urine soaked into Kate's pink thong. Surely not. This couldn't be happening to her.

###

End of part 3

