Common Ground

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-07-05 21:26

It was almost dark -- too dark to make another run -- and it was getting colder. The temperature had not broken twenty today, and with nightfall it was falling too. The black sky shone star-bright, as only a clear, cold Winter sky can. We walked together hand-in-hand, or I should say mitten in mitten. We had had a great time, sledding all afternoon, enjoying a rare day out of school to the full. I had wet my pants about an hour before. I did so frequently. It was a secret pleasure. Lately, however, I decided that perhaps I might find in intimate female company a greater pleasure, with which my former pleasure might well prove incompatable.

So, I had planned no wetting today, just an afternoon sledding with Jeannine. But the sledding was great, and I wanted to leave, neither the sledding, nor Jeannine, so the pressure mounted in my bladder, as the afternoon wore on.

What the hell, I said to myself -- (though in Jeannine's hearing I would never have used such strong language) -- What the hell; I'm wearing underwear, thermals, jeans, and waterproof coveralls; who's to know? So, when Jeannine turned to talk to another girl, I relaxed and wet my pants. As always the feeling was awesome, good to the last drop -- like Maxwell coffee. I checked. No damage done, though I was wet down the inside of my legs and into my boots.

We resumed sledding, and now I was enjoying the ride, the girl, AND my secret pleasure. So the afternoon dec.ined into evening, and we headed home.

Arriving at her house, Jeannine said, Want to come in? I did, but I didn't; I couldn't, I mean. I mean, I've got majoy wet pants here. Damn. Jeannine was visibly hurt. Why, she asked, drawing closer sugestively, don't you like me? Of course I like you; it's just that.... That what?

I was caught between the proverbial rock and wet pants. I just couldn't hurt Jeannine; she was a really nice girl, and I really liked her. The time I had kissed her was better than wet pants; I couldn't reject her. So, I confessed. Jeannine, I'd love to come in, but I can't; I had an accident. Accident? Yeah. Please don't hate me for it, Jeannine, but I wet my pants.

Jeannine smiled. Me, too. My heart stopped; I'm not at all sure I didn't wet my own pants a little more. You...you....? Yeah. I had to go really really bad, but I didn't want to come home, so when you wet your pants, I decided to wet mine.

When I...how did you know? The look on your face; I know that look all too well.

You wet your pants?

Surprised?

Well,..yeah,...I didn't know.

Girls like secret pleasures, too, you know.

Secret pleasures! There it was, my own expression. Da ja voo all over again. (Alright, so I can't spell; you get the point.) You like to wet your pants? Yeah. She giggled.

Do you wet your pants often? Once or twice a week, sometimes more. Usually I just let a little run out in my panties, but sometimes, like today -- well...?

Well I'll be damned! (This to myself, never to Jeannine.)

So, do you want to come in now? Okay.

Jeannine opened the door. Mama, Johnnie's here. Okay, Sweetheart; just leave your wet things in the utility room.

Gulp. Leave oput wet things in the utility room? If her Mama only knew!

Im the utility room, I climbed out of my cov eralls and she took off her snow suit. There Jeannine was, obviously wet; and I knew she was looking at and thinking about the same fact in me. I thought I was hard before, but it was nothing to now. We shed our jeans and stood there in our wet long johns. Mama, Johnnie and I are going down stairs. Alright Sweetheart. Be a dear and put your wet things into the dryer. Jeannine did so, giggling. We started for the stairs, then she turned back to the dryer, opened the door, and peeled of her long johns and threw them in. Your turn, she said. What could I do? Off came my long johns.

I can tell you no more about the next hour -- well, I could, but I'm not going too -- hey, if you can't write the deneument, lack either imagination or experience. But I will tell you that I had found the perfect girl friend. Perhapsd I shall write of here again...if you want me to.

*003*2012-07-09 01:01

Quotation marks? Will do! A.

