Accident in the car

Author: Kayley

*000*2012-08-27 22:36

The accident in the car.

I feel sick. We were in the car heading to Grimmauld Place, Harry was spending the summer with us this year and due to the fact we can’t apparate yet and all the luggage, Remus has got a car, I could kill him. From where we were it would be almost a 16 hour drive, splitting the driving so neither Sirius or Remus got too tired and hopefully with minimal stops. It felt like they were forgetting I was a girl who didn’t have a bladder of stone like them, Harry seemed quite quiet and distant which for him was a bit unusual.

I never questioned Harry but he was getting a little shifty and it was starting to get quite annoying, we had only been on the road a mere 2 hours and I could already feel the effects like it was 22. As sad as I was to admit it I needed a stop soon before I sicked up in the car. Only Remus knew I was travel sick so with him driving it would be easy to get a stop, unfortunately Sirius had taken the 1st quarter, there was no way I could wait another 2 hours, I also noticed Harry sneaking quick grabs in his groin area, he did look like he had to pee. “Hey, can we stop, like now?”

Remus gives me a concerned glance, he knew how sick I could get but also I really did need to pee at the moment.

“Not yet, 2 hours and we‘ll break”

I didn’t like Sirius’ reply and Harry looked kind of ticked as well.

“Sirius come on, please? I have to pee bad”

After I say that Harry jumps into the conversation with a quick

“Me too!”

Sirius glances back to Harry who was openly holding himself now and to me as I was trying to be subtle but not succeeding

“Fine, next stop is about 5 minuets”

He sighed and sounded angry, I felt bad.

‘Remus, how much time can you buy me?’

I had to know, I was going to be sick when we stopped I could feel it. ‘1o minuets tops, I’m guessing, how are you feeling cub?’

Totally crap, I couldn’t say that. ‘I really do have to pee bad and I think I’m going to sick up soon.’ I could see we were now pulling into a service station and could feel my bladder pulse inside me, I had to go.

“Hurry up!”

Both me and Harry practically screamed at Sirius making him jump slightly. ‘Let me know how much time you need cub.’ yeah I’ll keep that in mind when I’m sicking my guts out. We both practically ran to the bathrooms, Remus following.

I spent almost 15 minuets in the bathroom, taking care of my bladder 1st then my stomach which was rolling in every which way possible. I come out to Remus and Harry standing near the Ladies. As I move to go to the car Remus stops me “We have to wait for Sirius, he needed to use the bathroom after all.”

I could kill him, I still felt sick. Sirius then joins us and says.

“Right let’s get moving again.”

I swear I could hear Harry groan slightly, we all headed back to the car, only 2 more hours of Sirius’ driving then I won’t have to worry much for a while.

It was coming close to the switch, Harry was trying to sleep but kept turning quite pale when he did. It was nerve wrecking to say the least. Remus could barely cope with me sometimes, although so far I was fairing acceptingly well, I didn’t want them to know probably my most strongest weakness although I knew I didn’t have a choice it was becoming bad now, we had to stop now.

“Sirius?”

He glanced in his mirror.

“Stop the car”

Remus turned to look at me, he could now see the extend of my problem

“what, we only have like 10 minuets.”

The anger could be heard in his voice

“STOP THE CAR!!!”

I couldn’t help but yell I was going to sick up any second and I accidentally woke Harry up who looked a bit confused but at that there were no more questions, the car pulled to the shoulder. I opened my door and practically slid out of the car gasping the fresh air to try to feel better, Remus gets out and crouches down beside me rubbing my back while I try and delay the inevitable while I can hear Harry speaking to Sirius in the car.

“What‘s going on, if we keep stopping it‘s going to take longer.”

“I know Harry but I don’t think this is something to question, I think something maybe wrong and if it is we need to take that into account while driving.”

“wrong like what? And . . Uh . . Sirius? I have to wee again, I‘m really desperate”

I shut the conversation out, I don’t want to know what he thinks is wrong, despite all the drama I feel I can get back in the car without having lost anything in front of them, I still didn’t want them to know.

Remus is now driving and I lay my head on the window, the cool feels nice, its almost 2 an half hours since we last stopped, that’s not even half of our total drive. I felt a stop was needed but I just felt so tired, I knew that wasn’t good, it meant my sugars were low and probably needed to eat, the key to know is when I call Remus Dad, I am sick, and not just a little, I could feel my head start to spin slightly from the lack of food, I couldn’t hide a hypo or a hyper that would just be too dangerous, all it would take is 1 word.

“Dad!”

The car immediately slows and Remus turns to look for just a second taking in my pale complexion and my glassy eyes as well as the fact I called him dad. The 1 word left Harry and Sirius quite confused and Remus concerned as he pulls into a parking space at a services. Harry and Sirius stay watching as Remus comes round and takes my sugars which are lower than good but not low enough to be bad yet.

“Kayley how do you feel? Dizzy? Sick? Kayley look at me”

I try to focus but can’t get past the blurry figures, I could also feel a sharp pain in my abdomen and I whimper as it quite hurt. I could hear them all talking.

“What is going on?”

Seemed like Harry’s voice.

“As you know she is diabetic, her sugars are just a little low, she should be fine soon, she just has to eat.”

I hoped I’d be fine but I just felt so sick and I couldn’t help catch Remus as I went to sick up on the concrete. All I can do is mumble a quiet

“ ‘M sorry”

I felt like a total idiot, I may as well have said stand still I need to sick up.

“It‘s ok Kayley, it‘s not a problem we can sort that out, let‘s get you some food, stable you out a bit hey?”

I really didn’t want to eat it would just make me more sick when I get back in the car again

“ ‘M not hungry”

I knew it was useless

“I don’t care, I don’t want you in hospital over the holidays now come on ”

He was dragging me across the car park as Harry an Sirius followed unsure of how to react but they too were hungry.

“ ‘M have to pee”

I mumble quietly to no-one inperticular

“well I saw that 1 coming, come on”

Great, now I was going to have to pee in front of him, get it together Lupin!

“I can pee on my own”

Harry and Sirius slightly laughed at this until I glared at them.

“I‘m sure you can but I‘m not taking any chances, get in there”

To everyone’s surprise he pushes me into the Ladies and follows himself, gasps fill the bathroom as he makes sure I can do what I have to, he puts his foot under my door incase he has to get in to me. I’m to desperate to really care and pee fine where as I would normally be quite reluctant. As Remus helps me wash my hands the threat of sicking up becomes known and fast all I can do to try an tell him is a mere

“uh oh”

He understands thankfully and grabs my hair as I sick up in the closest toilet.

I feel totally horrible, Harry and Sirius are stood staring opened mouthed at the Ladies entrance, while Remus just looks

“What else was I supposed to do, now come on let‘s eat before she‘s sick again”

The reminder was enough and I dive back into the toilets just in time, screams are heard by the women as very surprisingly, Remus, Sirius and Harry walk up to where I am, could this get much worse?!

After getting some food in me strangely enough I did feel slightly better but also worse knowing I would be back in the car very soon, with everything I was made to drink my bladder was becoming very uncomfortable again, it was quite obvious we would be leaving soon so I should do something about it before it’s too late

“I‘ll be back in a second”

I say as I get up from the table, all of them eyeing me suspiciously, Remus also gets up, I don’t say anything and he waits outside this time and we head back to the car after. Harry and Sirius are already waiting to leave, only 10 hours left until we were home, that for me would be more like 10 hours of torture. I don’t normally sleep while travelling but I just felt so tired and rested my head for just a second.

The next thing I know I’m waking up to Remus asleep in the passenger seat, Harry asleep next to me and Sirius driving

“How long have you been driving?”

I get a glance in the mirror from him as he replies softly

“About an hour now, are you feeling better at all?”

Was I? I felt uncomfortable and sick but not diabetic unwell at least.

“A little, when can we stop?”

I could do with some air at least

“You have to pee again? We can stop in about half an hour, that‘s closest”

I flush red as he asks me that question

“Um . . Yes sorry, that‘s ok . . I think”

The sympathy and concern was really showing on his face.

“It’s nothing you have to be sorry about, it‘s natural to everyone, something else I have noticed though, do you have a problem with travelling? getting sick I mean?”

He had figured it out, I could feel the colour drift from my face and I glance at Harry before replying with a quiet

“Yes”

I felt embarrassed at admitting that and it clearly showed on my face.

“It‘s nothing to be embarrassed about, I used to get sick while travelling when I was around your age and younger, I grew out of it when I was around 20 though”

I didn’t quite know what to say to that but we kept talking until we could stop, Sirius also came into the services with me, used the facilities himself, I sicked up again but didn’t tell him and it didn’t occur to me with his dog senses he could hear anyway, he gives me a knowing look and asks

“Feel better now?”

I eye him thinking and he jumps in

“I could hear you, do you feel better?”

Oh right, not really I’ll be fine after I sleep for like a whole day

“Sorry, a little I guess, should we go?”

His eyes looked kind of tired but he smiled

“If you feel ready then yes, we should”

I would never feel ready but I wanted to get home more than anything I could think of

“Yes”

Returning to the car, the others were still asleep and we carried on our journey, we talked for a while but I was still quite tired so I eventually fell back to sleep again. The next time I woke up it was much of the same picture apart from Remus was now driving and Sirius was still awake which ment we cant of stopped that long ago and I felt bad asking already but I was also going to sick up any second, all I can do is think

‘PULL OVER NOW!’

Remus looks back as I clamp my hand over my mouth and pulls straight onto the shoulder, Sirius has a little shock as I sick up on the roadside, he hadn’t heard anything at all until I was sicking up on the roadside, I felt a little better after

“Sorry”

I manage to say quite sleepily

“It‘s ok, good to go?”

Go find a bathroom maybe

“Good to go”

Harry remained asleep and rather pale himself, he never mentioned he felt sick or anything so I just watched him. I also watched as we pasted services after services after services and didn’t say a word until I felt my bladder contract, I knew I had to tell them now

“Remus, I need to GO”

He usually knew what I ment by that

“Alright 10 minuets I think”

I don’t have 10 minuets and he only thinks, I could so die about now

“Pull Over NOW”

I really didn’t care, Remus complies Sirius looks confused but I open the door and crouch by my seat in the car, I thank hell I was wearing a skirt so I just move my underwear aside and start peeing which felt really good for my poor bladder to get it’s relief finally, both Remus and Sirius avert their eyes but as I said before I really couldn’t care. I felt tones better now and get back in the car with them looking a little awkward for some time

“What?”

They both look at each other and Sirius says with a bit reluctance

“Nothing, I just never knew of a female that would pee on the roadside before now”

He looked bright red it was so funny

“Well now you do, can we go home?”

Remus just nods his head and we carry on our journey yet again.

I couldn’t sleep after that so I resorted to watching Harry again. He looked paler than before and slightly distressed over something I didn’t know what. I wouldn’t go looking though it wasn’t my place. With about an hour of our journey left Harry started to stir also turning a very greenish shade as he did, I avert my eyes out the window and open my mind to him and what he was thinking. ‘I really hope we stop soon, I cant believe this is happening I just, oh god’ his thoughts were very clear and loud it hurt my head but I still didn’t understand why he was thinking those things, he shifted a bit and I turned to look at him, he rolled his window down slightly and the cool air felt good in the overly warm car.

Harry was looking really bad, he was sat behind Remus, sucking in breath quietly like I do when I’m trying not to sick up. I didn’t know why else he would act like that but again it wasn’t my place. Harry’s gasps became louder and I didn’t know what to do, he was really struggling but before I could or even he could say anything, he had sicked up all over the back seats of the car, the backs of the front seats and lastly us. He manages a distressed and quiet

“Sorry, I‘m sorry”

Before he is again sicking up in the foot well in front of him, Remus pulls to the side as soon as he gets a chance and gets Harry out of the car although to them, damage doesn’t matter as a quick spell will clean everything up.

Nobody knew that Harry got car sick, after all he flew well, when we finally reached our Grimmauld Place, both Harry and me retreated to our rooms to rest. I have never been through an incident like that and wouldn’t want to again.

*003*2012-09-03 18:49

I have an account on booksie and in answer to your questions no i do not, i find that is too hard and makes things complicated

