Hyper's Carseat Wetting

Author: RenaFetish

*000*2024-01-06 16:09

One Desperate Morning, Hyper was Thirsty so he drank two Water Bottles.

Hyper look his wife with him and said we're going to the Hotel

So Hyper got in his car, and the drive only lasts 2 hours. So Hyper and Irish got to their seats and Hyper drives. Hyper was proud to go with his Wife. He noticed that he need to pee but he holded it. He then dropped Irish to the Corner Store and said she will get Drinks and snacks for our drive. Hyper waited for her wife to come back, and knew it was his chance to put his penis in the carseat then he Unzip his dick out and noticed Irish was back, he noticed and zipped his pants and acted like nothing happened. She got back with the drink and snacks. Then Hyper drived for an hour later. He was feeling Desperate for his penis because he was been holding for 4 hours, He leaked and masterbated for 1 minute. And Irish noticed.

Irish: Babe! What is the matter with you?

Hyper: Sorry I got to use the bathroom!

Irish: Hey Hyper, go in the carseat.

*UNZIP!*

Hyper: Are you sure about this?

Then, he noticed he was peeing on the carseat and he wetted his pants too. He sighed of relief with a big "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" He continues peeing on the carseat with his penis out. Then he finished, He masterbated his penis until he cums. Irish looked at it and she was telling Hyper he really needed to go and kissed him. Then Hyper zipped his penis and continued driving. Then and hour later they arrived. Then they got a hotel room 205. Then they got in bed and have sex. Hyper was the target and Irish's penis got for it. Hyper was moaning in Organism. Then they stopped having sex. They Kissed eachother. And they got to bed.

