Sisterhood of Blood - Page 4

Author: frostyjr2

*077*2013-07-05 22:45

Here's the link to Pt. 8>

%https://omorashi.org/topic/15398-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-8-two-pairsdoppelgangerin-vicky/

\/###\/

*079*2013-07-08 03:31

Link to previous chapter (Pt.8)> https://omorashi.org/topic/15398-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-8-two-pairsdoppelgangerin-vicky/

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 9) ‘Round Midnight (PETER)

Porte de Vanves, 1982

(sound track: Round Midnight, by Miles Davis)

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td3SE3zEVP0

Peter had been waiting for quite some time on the steps outside the building.

In fact, it had been hours since the sun had gone down beyond the horizon, and the sky was now purple-black, moonlit and cloudless. This had been one of the longest and most difficult days of his life.

As a man of action, having to stand by and do nothing while both of his sisters were still inside was pure torture.

It was as if the vampire girls had created a private hell tailored just for him.

He was powerless to help either Vicky or Petra, and while he knew that Petra was a very skilled fighter, the fact that there was no sound coming from the house and that neither of his sisters had emerged was causing him a great deal of concern.

He was so worried now that he couldn’t keep his mind off of what might have been happening to his sisters inside that house all along, or even right this instant.

What was even more worrisome to him was this: for some reason, the normal psychic connection he shared with Petra, and to a lesser extent with Vicky, seemed to have been disrupted.

In the past, there had been many times when he had been dismayed, embarrassed, or bothered by that unusual connection to his sisters and had wished it didn't exist, but now that it was no longer there, he felt truly alone for the first time in his life. It was a very odd feeling, as if an essential part of himself was missing.

The sensation of loss was almost unbearable.

He had thought about trying to force his way back in, but with there being double doors, he would have given away the element of surprise, even if he could have somehow managed to get them both open. Then he would have had to find an effective way to orient himself within that cold, dark room once he had gotten inside, and fight off at least two virtually undetectable opponents of unknown strength and skill in order to extract his two sisters, who might both be injured.

Even for a master tactician such as himself, the difficulty of the situation at hand seemed insurmountable.

So he did the only thing he could do under these very trying circumstances: wait patiently.

He centered himself, breathed deeply, and forced his mind to empty itself of all conscious thought.

He counted very slowly to ten, thinking only of breathing in, and breathing out, over and over; thinking only of breathing and counting, allowing no other thoughts to intrude.

“One… two… three… four… five… six… seven... eight... nine... ten.“

Counting, and breathing...

"One... two... three... four... five... six... seven... eight... nine... ten."

Breathing and counting...

"One... two... three... four... five... six..."

Suddenly a soft sound interrupted his meditation. It was the click of the door latch being released.

He glanced down at his wristwatch, pressing the button that illuminated the face.

It was almost midnight.

He rose from his kneeling position, pushed the door open, and waited inside.

The second door’s latch opened with another click; Peter opened that one as well and walked into the dark room.

He heard that strange rustling sound again, and then the American girl spoke. She was behind him.

“We’re leaving now, and we’re taking our new sister with us. You can have the other one back.”

She laughed that cold laugh once again.

“Walk forward about twelve steps, and you’ll find her. What’s left of her, anyhow…”

The rustling sound grew louder suddenly, there was a feeling of cold air right next to him and Peter heard Vicky’s voice.

“It’s better that you forget about me, Peter."

The woman with the odd accent said, "Don’t try to follow us, don’t try to find us.”

The strange rustling sound became louder still, and there was a rush of freezing cold air moving rapidly past him and through the open antechamber.

Then, there was only silence.

“Petra?” Peter called softly, but there was no answer.

Fearing the worst, he walked forward twelve paces.

He stopped suddenly, having bumped into something... a shadowy figure sitting in a chair in front of him.

It was his twin sister.

Peter knelt down on the floor in front of her, feeling something wet soaking into the trousers of his suit as he did.

There was a puddle there, and the unmistakable odor of urine.

"Oh, sis...," Peter said to himself, sadly. "What did they do to you?"

He gently felt around the seated figure, finding the ropes that held her captive.

He pulled out a small, sharp knife from the inside pocket of his suit jacket, opened it, and carefully sliced through the thin rope binding her hair, then did the same to free her arms and legs.

She was unconscious, but still breathing, and Peter could feel a strong pulse at her throat.

Petra was alive.

(to be continued)

\/###\/

*083*2013-07-11 22:56

Link to previous chapter (Pt.9) > https://omorashi.org/topic/15485-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-9-round-midnight-peter/

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD

Chapter 10: Hello Kitty (KAT)

Greenwich Street, NYC 1999

(sound track: Riviera Paradise, by Stevie Ray Vaughan)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/x70G-NhyUPI?feature=oembed"

“So, how was Paris? Did you girls do any shopping while you were over there?”

I watched her rummage through the familiar red and white paper bag she’d brought with her as she spoke, pulling out a wad of paper napkins, a large soda, a straw, and finally two cheeseburgers wrapped in paper. After laying everything all out carefully on the table in front of her, the small woman rubbed her hands together and then picked up the first hot cheeseburger and unwrapped it.

She took a bite, and as her razor sharp teeth sank into it, her pretty hazel eyes almost rolled back into her head like those of a shark in a feeding frenzy.

“Jeez, Kat! I don’t know why you still eat that stuff… it’s not like you need to,” I said, laughing.

“I know I don’t need it physically,” she replied, “but it just reminds me of how things were before… almost as if it makes a connection between who I used to be and who I am now.”

She mused, “It’s like you and your music, my junk food and I…”

Kat was one of Hannah’s oldest friends; they had known each other for a very long time.

They had started out as members of rival clans, but Kat’s clan had been decimated in the Vampire Plague of 1907, and she herself had barely survived. Hannah had found her wandering the streets in a delirious daze and nursed her back to health, after which Kat became family to her.

And of course, being family to Hannah, she was family to me, too.

She repeated her question as she quickly finished up the first of her cheeseburgers.

“So… shopping? What did you girls find?”

Coming from someone as unfashionably dressed as she was, the question might have seemed a bit bizarre.

I never saw Kat in anything other than jeans and a v-necked t-shirt, unless she was going hunting. She always wore these funky little Hawaiian sandals too; her “five dollar specials”, she called them. But Kat was a professional photographer, and she did everything from nature photography to high fashion spreads, and so she was always interested in the latest trends.

Physically, she was almost the exact opposite of Hannah.

Kat was short and a little bit… well, I wouldn’t say chunky, but not exactly thin either.

Still, she was beautiful; her skin was perfect, her eyes were clear, and her lips were inviting, so she always had a few boy-toy thralls who were willing to do virtually anything she asked of them at any time. She wore her hair very short, and it was somewhere between sandy blonde and light brown in color; pixie-like ears, and a dazzling smile, which she flashed as Hannah replied, a bit enigmatically.

“We didn’t really go shopping this last trip… but we did manage to find something rather... interesting.”

Kat began carefully unwrapping the second cheeseburger.

“Our friend delights in riddles,” she said, then looked at me and continued.

“She is as mysterious as the Sphinx; by the way, did she ever tell you that she was the model for the original sculpture, before they changed the head to look like one of those pharaohs?”

She bit eagerly into the cheeseburger in her hand.

“Oh, Kat!” Hannah said, laughing.

“She told me before they opened up McDonald’s restaurants everywhere, you had to catch and grill pterodactyls yourself to eat for dinner,” I gibed.

Now Kat laughed and said, “Oh, goddess, I do remember those days well. I must say, the drive-thru is a heck of a lot more convenient, and these cheeseburgers are so yummy, but occasionally I do still find myself yearning for a nice bit of grilled ptery!”

“Too bad you hunted them all into extinction then,” I quipped.

Kat laughed again. It was always such fun having her over.

She looked directly at me, and said suddenly, “Cool, why do you keep squirming around like that? Wait, wait… don’t tell me, let me guess,” she giggled.

“Is Hannah making you hold again, poor baby?”

She smiled her radiant smile at me, giggling once more.

“You omo vamps, you’re so cute! I just love watching you when you’re desperate; it’s absolutely adorable, really.”

Kat took another bite of her cheeseburger, delicately wiping an errant bit of juice from the corner of her mouth with a napkin held in her other hand.

Her clan had been aristocratic old-line classic bloodsuckers, and they were usually a bit snooty and prejudiced against us newcomer ‘minority’ omo vampires, but Kat loved Hannah like a sister, and she loved me like a daughter; we were the only family she had left.

She did enjoy watching us when we were holding, but it was a totally different thing for her.

For us, it was always compulsive and ecstatic; for her, it was simply amusing to see us in a somewhat weakened and comparatively helpless state.

That being the case, she picked up her soda and took a long, loud slurp of it through the straw, followed by an exaggerated sigh of satisfaction.

“Bitch…” I muttered softly as my very full bladder suddenly went into spasm and contracted, forcing a spurt of hot, fragrant pee out of my wee hole and into my black cotton bikini panties before I could stop it. I seriously hoped I hadn’t actually wet my denim shorts too, but just in case, I pulled my old oversize white “RELAX” tee down a bit further.

As I crossed my legs as tightly as I could and doubled over, Kat giggled, and then she did it again… and again, while I squirmed and kept making little uncontrollable squirts of pee into my undies in reply.

Well, by now I was definitely wet, no doubt about it. Darn it....

I just sighed and rolled my eyes, knowing her domme side wouldn’t let it go, no matter how much she loved me. Especially since she knew how much I actually enjoyed holding until I just couldn’t take it anymore, and how much Hannah loved seeing me lose control.

“Aww, does poor widdle Cool need to go really badly?” Another loud slurp accompanied her mocking question.

She laughed at my contortions as I continued to pee dance right there in front of her.

Hannah says that of all the girls she’s known, vampire or human, I have the best pee dance ever.

Me, I wouldn’t know; I’ve never seen it… no reflection, remember?

The worst thing this time was that the desperation I was feeling at the moment wasn’t really even my own, at least not entirely. Yes, I had actually been holding for over 24 hours at Hannah’s command…but I was a pro at holding, and 24 hours was no big deal for me anymore.

It was the amateur in the next room that was causing me such distress at the moment.

“Sometimes this empathetic connection thing really sucks,” I moaned, and Hannah laughed.

“Everything has a downside, Cool. I thought you would have figured that out by now,” she said, impassive.

Even though she was feeling exactly what I was, her many more years of training had given Hannah the self-discipline to not let it affect her, at least not visibly. Even the slightest sign of weakness in a dominant vamp was cause for real concern, as that would leave them open to challenge by a rival vampire.

Since I was a submissive, I could pee dance to my heart’s content and even wet myself fully but I still resented being humiliated in front of Kat, no matter how much she and Hannah were enjoying the sight of it themselves.

“Dammit, Vicky! Will you just go, already?” I muttered to myself.

I was finding my new sister’s lack of self-control a wee bit annoying, so to speak.

From the next room, I heard her call out, her voice strident, “I heard that! And no, I won’t. You did this to me, so you can suffer right along with me, sis!”

She was still adjusting to life as an omo vampire, obviously.

“Victoria, would you come out here, please?”

Although it sounded like a request, both Vicky and I knew from the tone of Hannah’s voice that it was a command; one that she had better obey, and quickly.

With a soft rustling sound, Vicky appeared suddenly in the doorway.

She’d gotten the hang of the teleportation thing pretty rapidly; much faster than I had after I’d been turned, in fact. She was a natural at it, and within the first 48 hours of her new existence, she had been able to do it effortlessly every single time. At that, at least, she was a pro now.

She was wearing one of her favorite outfits: a short pleated green plaid tartan skirt, white knee socks and dark brown penny loafers, her white dress shirt with its Peter Pan collar unbuttoned just enough to reveal a bit of the lacy black bra underneath. She was also apparently totally desperate, and was squirming just like I was.

I ignored her pee dance, as 'adorable' as it might be to some.

“That’s MY bra, dammit,” I thought.

We were just about the same size, and she was constantly going through my things and grabbing anything she liked.

It was really annoying to me, and she knew it.

Far from letting that stop her, it only egged her on.

Her light brown hair was done up in pigtails on either side of her head.

Vicky always looked so cute in her schoolgirl mode; I could hardly stand it.

“Trolling for child molesters again, are we?” I said, coldly.

Vicky tossed her head, and wiggled her bottom seductively.

In her saucy British accent, she replied, “You know it, sweetie!” She stuck her tongue out at me.

“You’d better keep that tongue of yours in your mouth, or I might just make you bite it off, you little pop tart!” I threatened.

That was how it was between us. We were bonded forever by blood and by urine and so we had undying affection and love for each other, but we still teased and tortured each other unmercifully.

Sisters, you know?

Hannah sighed and said, “If you two little girls are quite through, I’d like to introduce Victoria to Kat now.”

Kat stood up from the table, leaving the remains of her meal behind. She walked over to where Vicky was standing, and extended her hand. As Vicky took it, she suddenly pulled her close and, holding her tightly, sank her now fully extended fangs deep into my little sister’s neck, taking a nice long sip of her blood.

For some reason, I found myself thinking of cheeseburgers.

“Ow, that hurts!” Vicky exclaimed.

I don’t think she was expecting Kat to be quite as forceful as she was, but the small woman was used to taking what she wanted and not asking permission first. She was a dominant vampire, and an aristocrat to boot.

After a while, Kat finally withdrew her fangs from Vicky’s neck and let her go, licking her lips as she did.

“Mmmm, tasty!” she said, and smiled. Even as I rubbed my own neck in sympathy with Vicky's pain, the tiny puncture wounds Kat had made in my sister’s neck were already closing, thanks to our regenerative ability.

As family, she was now obligated to let Victoria taste her blood; Kat wasn’t about to let this little schoolgirl newbie vampire anywhere close to her neck, though.

She pulled her v-neck tee shirt down just enough to expose a little bit of one lovely breast and drew a sharp fingernail across it lightly, then extended her finger towards Vicky, who fell to her knees in front of Kat. I watched as my sister eagerly took the finger she was offered into her mouth and licked the small drop of blood from it.

“Welcome to the family,” Kat said to Vicky.

“So that’s what you picked up in Paris,” she said to Hannah, rather dryly.

(to be continued)

\/###\/

*086*2013-07-13 12:27

Thanks to all of you who are following along with this story.

I appreciate the views, and especially the comments you kind folks have left.

To those of you who might be reluctant for any reason, please don't ever hesitate to leave a few words to let me know how i'm doing.

I know it's a lot to ask, but please, please, pretty please ?

Anyhow, here's the link to Pt. 10>

%https://omorashi.org/topic/15574-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-10-hello-kitty-kat/

I hope you will enjoy it !

*088*2013-07-14 03:30

{{:

Amazing as always my dear. Lots of fun too - it seems Vicky is semi-enjoying her new "occupation"! ;)

}}

She'll find out it's awesome be an omo vamp !

I should know !

*090*2013-07-14 13:15

{{:

Think of this like constructive criticism.

I never really got into your stories. I feel like they're too rushed, they're underdeveloped, and the formatting is weird. That being said, I think it's annoying and unfair that you're constantly posting new chapters as separate threads. It takes away space from new writers, and it's not fair to those that don't enjoy your stories.

This is my opinion, and I have the right to express it.

}}

You certainly do have the right to your own opinion, and i will always appreciate constructive criticism.

The reason i am posting each chapter as a separate entity is because the site will not allow me to make direct links to more than two pieces of music per post. For me, the music is an essential part of the story, and i want to continue this way.

The separate posts also make it easier for the readers to keep track of where they are in the story.

I personally find it difficult to read through many many pages of storyline all within a single thread; while this is most likely due to one of my own personal issues (ADD), i may not be the only one who feels this way, either.

As to your other comments, i fail to see how my posts 'take away space' from any other writers, new or otherwise, or how they are 'unfair' to any people who don't enjoy my work.

If any of this were truly an issue, i'm sure i would have heard from the site's administrator by now.

It is very easy to simply ignore my posts, which you seem to find so annoying.

Thank you for taking the time to comment and express your opinion.

*094*2013-07-15 02:21

I realize now that i totally forgot to post a link to the next section, Pt. 5.

So for the sake of continuity >

%https://omorashi.org/topic/15107-sisterhood-of-blood-pts-5-and-6/

*095*2013-07-15 02:50

Again, for the sake of continuity, the missing link to Pt. 7>

%https://omorashi.org/topic/15263-sisterhood-of-blood-pt7-the-round-man-bou-boule/

*096*2013-07-15 02:54

{{:

Confession: Reading some of Frosty's work prompted me to write stories of my own here...Know that you have inspired the Fox, Frosty. :) Great work!

}}

Thanks for the kind words, Foxlover !

And here's the link to Pt. 9 >

%https://omorashi.org/topic/15485-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-9-round-midnight-peter/

*097*2013-07-15 02:58

{{:

Poor, poor Peter! I really hope Petra isn't hurt. But the words from Vicky were so sad: “It’s better that you forget about me, Peter."

I know that Peter and Petra will never forget their littlest sis, but will Vicky remember her elder siblings...?

}}

Have no fear, sis. Vicky will always remember her brother and sister.

As for Petra... we shall see in the coming chapters...

Suspense is good !

*098*2013-07-15 03:04

So another weekend draws to its conclusion...

Once again i would like to thank everyone who took the time to read this latest chapter in my little vampire story, and all who took the extra time to comment.

Everything is a learning experience, and a chance to grow.

Stay tuned for the next episode of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD, my friends !

\/###\/

