The Four Kunoichi : Naruto Shippuden

Author: Pain

*000*2015-07-18 10:05

(Well this is the first part of the story I recently started writing. I will continue if I get a good response for it. Suggestions are welcome.)

The sun was beginning to set over the Land of Fire and the birds seemed to be retrieving to their nests.

Sakura walked ahead of the group, her legs stiffer than usual. “Hurry up you guys, will you?!” she said turning around to see the other three kunoichi readily following her path towards the Hidden Leaf.

“Will you hold on a bit? All of us are tired here!” Ino retaliated, “A little rest won’t hurt you know?!”

“Yeah, I guess Ino is right. We must rest for a while, my legs feel like they are gonna break off!” Tenten said ,jumping into the conversation.

“No way! We are just a few hours from the village. You can rest all you want once we get there,” Sakura replied, walking straight without even turning to look at her comrades. Although Sakura didn’t let it show, the truth was that she needed to pee. It had been a long day completing a D- Rank mission in the Land of Trees and she wasn’t in a mood to delay her visit to the toilet by halting to rest.

Hinata just looked on as the other three continued to argue if they should stop or not. With a heavy bag on her back, she was wrapped up in her own need to pee.

Being a rather hot day, all four kunoichi had been drinking well to keep themselves hydrated, but they hadn’t got a chance to relieve themselves during the mission. Each one of them was feeling a need to pee now but none of them were willing to admit it. That would have been thoroughly embarrassing.

With hands wrapped below her ample breasts, Hinata walked looking at the ground. Her bladder ached a bit with each step but she maintained her pace.

Just a little while longer and I will get to relieve myself, she thought.

They walked , followed by the long shadows. None of them had uttered a word in a while but then suddenly , Tenten let out a moan, “Aaah!”, holding the back of her neck before falling to the ground, unconscious.

“Huh!?” Ino breathed in shock, running towards her fallen friend.

“Ino, Hinata keep your eyes open , we have been followed!” Sakura said, clenching her fists towards the woods, expecting the enemy to come out of there. Suddenly Sakura felt a sharp stinging sensation on her bare shoulder. It was a needle that had pierced into her skin. It had been aimed from a distance. Sakura quickly began to lose her senses as well, and fell to the ground with a thud.

Before Ino and Hinata could even look at each other and understand what was happening, they were struck by similar needles behind their necks. It was a swirly black haze that had formed in front of their eyes before they too fell down insentient.

Within a matter of seconds ,it was over. They all lied there unconscious and at the merciful hands of their enemy.

###

Sakura held her head as she tried to sit up right. It took her a while to orient herself to the poorly lit room and her friends lying close by, but her mind was soon overcome by a much more pressing need.

She had to pee, bad. She stood up from the ground and walked towards the door and tried to open it ,but it didn’t budge.

She pressed her thighs together and looked at her friends who were still unconscious. She again tried her luck with the door but it went in vain.

Soon the other three gained consciousness too and began to sit upright. “Where are we?” Tenten inquired, rubbing her eyes.

“I don’t know, but we are stuck here. The door won’t open,” Sakura replied.

“Great! I don’t know about you guys but I really need to take a leak,” Ino said, sitting on the ground with one leg stretched out and the other folded.

“Me too, I’ve been holding it all day,” Tenten said, rubbing her abdomen as she stood there.

“Looks like we’ll just have to hold it until we find a way to get out of here,” Sakura said, looking at the roof, trying to study the place they were trapped in.

“I too have to go, let’s just quickly get out of here,” Hinata said meekly.

“No,” Sakura stated firmly, “We can’t just hastily try to escape from here , more traps maybe awaiting us. We still don’t know who our enemy is and why they have held us captive. We must wait and chalk out a plan and then when the time is right, we will make our escape.”

*004*2015-07-19 18:11

(Thanks for the response guys, I am glad that you like it. Here is another part I just got done with. It is a bit longer but still has no desperation. I just need to build things up before I get to the main part. The next chapter will surely have more desperation to it. P.S – I was thinking about adding a bedwetting scene into the story. I just wanted to know which character would you like to read about wetting the bed– Sakura, Hinata, Ino or Tenten? Same question goes for free pee as well. Any suggestions or requests?)

Ino, Hinata and Tenten nodded in agreement. It was better to wait than to act hastily and invite new trouble for themselves. But each girl by now was feeling a rather uncomfortable need to urinate and they were more or less desperate to get out .

Nevertheless ,they patiently waited for the enemy to show his face. Ino, Hinata and Tenten sat at different spots in the room while Sakura paced up and down near the door.

After what seemed like an hour ,they heard the sound of someone’s footsteps from the other side of the door.

“Someone is coming!” Ino whispered.

“I know! ” Sakura replied. All four girls took their stance near the door, ready to pounce at the enemy when he came in.

After becoming louder with each passing moment the sound of the footsteps abruptly stopped. The tray slot at the bottom of the door opened and four plates of food slid in.

The girls were shocked and confused to see that their kidnapper was offering them a meal but none of them were really bothered about it, all they wanted was to just get out of there.

“Hey you! Why are you keeping us here?!” Sakura asked, bending forward a little towards the still open tray slot.

“Because I need to…” came a man’s voice, his tone as if he was happy about keeping them in there.

“Well,what do you want from us?” Ino inquired.

“Umm...nothing from you really. You are just the pawns I’m using to get what I want,” he said in a soothing yet devilish voice.

“ What do you want to get you idiot? Let us outta here or else…!” Sakura grumbled.

“Haha! There is nothing much you can do while you are trapped in there. I can monitor your every move with the cameras installed in the room,” the man said.

Tenten’s cheeks went red on hearing this. She had been thinking of stripping down her pants to pee in the room itself if the situation got too bad, but now that plan was not even worth thinking about. She now had to think of a new way to help herself hold it if they were going to be kept here for too long.

“Well can you at least let us go to the bathroom?” Ino asked pleadingly.

“I’m afraid I can’t risk that, you’d have to stay in there until the time is right,” the guy said before he closed the tray slot.

“Hey wait! Don’t leave us here like this!” Tenten yelled, walking quickly towards the door.

The girls heard the sound of his retrieving footsteps and their hearts sank in disappointment.

“Ino, do you really need to go?” Sakura asked, trying to know if her friend was alright.

“No, it’s not that urgent but I really had a lot to drink,” Ino replied, her hands on her hips.

“Err...a-and so did I, what are we going to do?” Hinata asked in her usual low , sweet voice.

“I guess, we’ll just have to hold it until we figure a way to get out,” Sakura said. The other three girls visibly frowned at this. Who knew how long it would take to get out of there ? Although one thing was for sure , with their bladders filling up at such a steady rate, all four of them were in for a really desperate time.

Tired after a long day , the girls gorged down on the food the man had brought for them. Although it wasn’t very tasty ,everyone ate to the last bit.

Soon after, they all sat in a circle and tried to discuss a plan about how to get out of this mess.

“I am really gonna need to use the bathroom soon, how do you think we’ll get out of here?” Tenten asked.

“I seriously don’t know,” Sakura said, looking at the floor, “I think we’ll just have to wait until someone at the village notices our absence and comes to rescue us..”

“But that could be days from now!” Ino said aloud, feeling overwhelmed.

“I know…” Sakura said.

“B-But h-how are we supposed to hold it until then?” Hinata said, seriously worried about the condition of her bladder.

“I don’t know, but we can’t give up so easily,” Sakura said, “We cannot relieve ourselves in here because of the cameras, we’ll just have to hold it until we get out of here , no matter how long it takes.”

“But that’s insane!” Tenten said, “You need a camel’s bladder to last that long!”

“I know it is going to be difficult but let’s just look at it as an opportunity to test ourselves,” Sakura said.

Although Sakura was trying her best to motivate her comrades , she herself was not sure if she would be able to hold it for very long. Her need to go had been increasing steadily all this while and she was sure the same would be happening with the rest of the girls too.

Every ninja goes through the basic training on how to suppress their bodily needs to perform better during missions and also in dangerous situations where their life is under threat but here, the girls were looking at a prolonged hold that may last for days. None of them were ready for it but they had no choice.

Hinata sat with her arms around her knees, worried about her need to pee. She was a very shy girl and being forced to go without the toilets for this long was truly mortifying for her. Normally she would never mention about her need to go to her team mates or her family members and on several occasions had to wait so long that she leaked in her panties.

Tenten too had been desperate to pee many a times while on missions but every time she managed to hold it until she got to a toilet. It was only last summer that she came dangerously close to having an accident when she was on a mission with Neji and Lee. She had made a mad dash to the loos when they stopped at a small curry shop to have lunch. But unfortunately she couldn’t stop a big leak from escaping and it made a fairly noticeable wet spot on the crotch of her pants before she got to the toilet . Lee did question her about the wet stain on her crotch when she came back but she dismissed it, saying it was just a spill from the washbasin.

Sakura and Ino had been desperate too but never to the point of leaking in their panties. Every time their luck would help them find a toilet before the situation got out of control but this time it looked like they were in for the worst.

All four girls sat quietly next to each other as the flame from the torch on the wall flickered a bit violently. The cold floor wasn’t helping in their condition and each one was beginning to fidget a little as their discomfort grew. Their bladders were really beginning to swell up with all the fluids they had been drinking throughout the day and their minds were getting more and more clouded with their need to pee.

“But who do you think is doing this?” Ino asked, breaking the river of silence.

“I don’t know, but whoever it is, he is certainly a very adept opponent. I couldn’t even sense his presence in the woods until it was too late,” Sakura said, “… and the way he used those needles to put us all down so quickly tells how dangerous he can be. For one thing, the needles could have been poisoned too and in that case , we never would’ve woken up.”

The rest of the three girls gulped down the lumps that had formed in their throats on hearing this. They now had an idea of the enemy’s strength but were still unaware of what he wanted from them.

Suddenly ,Sakura gasped as she felt a strong spasm from her bladder, reminding her that it needed to be emptied.

This was a rather strong jolt which made her worried. She stood up from her place and walked towards the before, “Hello! Can you hear me?” she called out to their kidnapper .

“What are you doing?” Ino asked.

“Can’t you see? I’m trying to talk to him,” Sakura said turning to her friend and then back at the door, “Hello! Can you please let us out of here? We all really need to go to the bathroom!” she yelled, “And where are we going to sleep? The floor is so cold…”

She kept shouting but all her pleas went unheard and disappointment began to creep inside her mind.

“Let it be Sakura, he won’t listen to us,” Tenten said as the hope within her started to die.

Sakura tried to call out to the unknown man a few more times before she eventually gave up and came back to sit in the circle. Her bladder was really beginning to ache and she was sure she was going to go crazy because of her elevating need to pee.

She would have peed hours ago if there had been no cameras in the room but unfortunately that wasn’t the case. There was no way she was going to strip her clothes to relieve herself for some creepy unknown guy to watch. All she could do was wait, wait until her bladder exploded. Or if she was lucky enough ,someone would come to rescue them before that happened.

As they all sat there thinking about their filling bladders , grayish clouds of smoke suddenly started to enter the room from the small holes in the four corners.

“What’s that?” Ino asked, feeling alarmed on seeing the smoke rapidly fill the room.

“I don’t know !” Sakura said as she began to cough due to the effects to the smoke.

Hinata tried to cover her face with her hands but it couldn’t save from inhaling the gas. She began to feel dizzy again and within a few seconds lost her consciousness and fell down to the ground.

“Hinata passed out!” Tenten yelled, before she herself started to feel the effects of the gas . Soon she fainted too and so did Ino and Sakura.

###

On waking up the girls found themselves in a different room. This one was smaller than the one before but was well lit and had four cozy, fluffy beds and it also had a tap for drinking water.

“How did we get here?” Tenten asked she got up from the ground , holding her aching head.

“Maybe he shifted us here when we passed out…” Ino guessed, trying to open the door even though she knew it was pointless.

“Yeah, that’s right,” Sakura said, looking around the room, “…but the question is...why did he do so?”

