The Iron Queen

Author: Pain

*000*2019-01-05 19:52

This will either be an ongoing series or a standalone story depending on the kind of response I get for it. Though this part does not have much omorashi, it lays the groundwork for the rest of the story. I wish to dedicate this story to all my readers and friends who have supported me for so long. I hope you will like it.

###

Give me a copper coin and you’ll hear a golden tale!

—A storyteller’s street cry in Godswick

The Iron Queen

The Great Hall of the King’s Fort was a lonely place for two to sit to supper. Deep shadows climbed the walls as the torches flickered in the wind. Charlotte ate her meal and sipped from the goblet of red wine. The vintage tasted thin and sour on her tongue, the taste of the grapes still growing on her senses. The Queen had ordered the cooks to make Iwan’s favored supper tonight, egg drop soup of wispy beaten eggs in boiled chicken broth, finely chopped scallions and added condiments of black and white pepper, and along with it was trout wrapped in bacon, salad of turnip greens and red fennel and sweetgrass, pease and onions and hot bread baked fresh from the ovens. She hoped he would like it. Her son was the King now, and it was her duty to see to his wants met.

He sat at the head of the table, eating methodically from his plate. The crown suited the boy, Charlotte noted, though she doubted if his young shoulders would be able to bear the burden of the throne. Many men had come and gone but none could do justice to the King’s seat.

The walls of the keep were thick, yet even so, they could hear the muffled sounds of celebrations from the yard outside. Sir Randel had brought a hundred casks up from the cellars, and the smallfolk were celebrating Iwan’s nameday by hoisting mugs of nut-brown ale. The Queen had ordered the merriment to be kept as minimal as it could be. She knew it was not the time for revelries. The Daltons were sure gone, but there were still many who eyed the throne.

When they were done with the supper, Charlotte kissed her son on the cheek and wished him good sleep before walking out of the hall. She strode across the cold corridors of the castle towards the Mæjester’s chambers, her soft cheeks growing warmer from the flaming torches on the walls.

Her last few years on the throne were tumultuous for the realm. Her treasury had run empty due to the Great War, her troops broken in battle. Thus, she had ordered the mints to produce coins of assorted shapes and sizes made of brass and copper. Coins those were as valuable as gold or silver ones.

Though her scheme seemed to work for a while, it didn’t take long for everyone to realize what a colossal blunder it was. As Mæjester Nemesius had said, “the house of every goldsmith became a mint.” The Queen’s new coinage had ‘the words of the God’ inscribed on them instead of the royal seal, and lacking in the artistic precision of design and finish, they became easy to imitate. The entire market was flooded with the fake coins in no time and the small folk could not discern between the real and the forged ones. A great problem rose for the state treasury.

In other parts of the realm, the people started to pay the revenue to the crown in brass and copper and used the same coins to purchase goods and horses. It took only a while for the treasury to fill up with forged pennies. The coins became as worthless as stones and the disrupted trade and commerce sent the capital into chaos. The Queen was forced to take back all the coins of brass and copper issued by the royal mints, giving back the old gold or silver coins in return. Thousands of people exchanged their copper coins with silver or gold ones and the state treasury faced a loss incomparable.

A year later, she passed an order to shift the capital from Godswick to Longford. She believed that it would help her to establish control over the fertile lands of her ancestors and to create a more accessible capital, since she believed Godswick was too down south.

All facilities were provided for those who were required to migrate to Longford, but the common folk of the capital were not in favor of leaving their home and shifting to a new place. This angered Her Highness, for she ordered all people of Godswick to proceed to Longford with their belongings. The force was applied without any leniency. This move brought ruin on Godswick which for over six hundred years had grown in peace and prosperity.

And though the smallfolk migrated, they showed dissent.

However, soon they started to fall short of food and water at Longford and Her Highness decided to shift the capital back to Godswick, allowing the smallfolk to return to their previous city. Though the shift only happened for a few months, Godswick suffered a downfall in its stature and trade and the life of its people was plunged to ruins.

‘The foolish Queen’ she was called from then on, the Queen who now many saw inept to sit on the throne. Her following years as the regent were no better. The ever-mounting debt of the crown loomed over her, and the expenses never seemed to settle.

When Iwan came of age, Charlotte agreed to the council’s suggestion to let the boy take his rightful place on the throne, thus giving them an opportunity to win back the trust of the smallfolk, while also opening the gates for a chance of forging an alliance with one of the wealthiest families in the realm through his marriage. The rope that Charlotte intended to use to climb out of the pit of debt.

The shadowy walls in the Mæjester’s office were lined with shelves of large glass jars filled with potions of different colors. The medicines too made an impressive display; dozens of pots sealed with wax, hundreds of vials, as many milkglass bottles, countless jars of dried herbs, each container neatly labeled in Mæjester Nemesius’ precise hand. The Mæjester, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, quickly stood up when he saw the Queen enter.

He was a short and thin man, with silver hair and beard so long that they could be tucked into the belt of his robe of grey wool. He had long and skillful fingers and his eyes were grey, and quick, “Your Highness,” he greeted, keeping the beakers aside and closing the book of The Magical Drafts and Potions that he had been referring to.

“My Lord” she smiled at the old man, “I hope you have found some relief from the pain in your knees.”

“The only relief that old age grants is death, Your Highness” he answered with a dwindling laugh, “Tell me, my Queen, of what service can I be to you?”

“My Lord, Iwan and I have decided to visit Lord Thames Gardener at Tantallon at this behest,” Charlotte said, “He wishes to marry his daughter, Lady Katherine to Iwan. They say she is a dove-eyed beauty and people have written many a song about her charm, I see there is no better match for my son than her.”

“A wise decision, Your Highness” Mæjester Nemesius said, “The House of Gardener has always been a loyal support to the crown and I think Lady Katherine would be a suitable wife to our beloved King” the old man added.

“Very well then,” she spoke, “Ask Lord Rickard to make necessary arrangements for our journey, we shall begin early on the morrow.”

“As it please you, Your Highness” he bowed. Charlotte gave him a smile before she turned around and left. There was one last person she had to meet before she retired for the day.

She entered the small chamber where Little Farlen lay in his bed wrapped in blankets. Tears flowed from his eyes as the muffled sounds of his cries filled the room. Farlen was Queen Charlotte’s ward, sent to the capital from Herstmonceux to be fostered at her express command. He had cried the day his Lord Father had sent him away and he was crying still. Maybe ten was too tender an age to be ripped away from one’s family, but Charlotte knew that boys went to war at this age. Mæjester Nemesius had said that the boy needed to spend more time with the other children, yet Charlotte knew that he needed affection and care more than anything else.

“My Lord?” she teased him with a smile, “Are you still awake?” Charlotte took a seat next to him on the bed and was stunned to realize that it was wet. Though she was shocked, the Queen did not show it outwardly. She calmly took the boy out of the bed and bathed him before putting him in his dry clothes. It was the third time Little Farlen had wet his bed in a week and Charlotte wondered if the boy had always had this problem.

“You wouldn’t tell anyone, would you?” he asked, all gloomy.

“I promise, I won’t” Charlotte replied with a smile, “But you must make a promise too..”

“W-what promise?” the boy asked.

“That you won’t be sad because of this, it is human nature dear, everyone needs to pee” she smiled at him. She knew that kind words could be short and easy to speak, but their echoes were truly endless. She hoped it would make him feel better but the sullen look on the boy’s face only grew deeper.

“You wouldn’t know how it feels to have an accident” he cried out, “It feels horrible!”

“I know, my sweet” she said.

“No, you don’t!” Farlen argued, “You’d know if you wet yourself!”

Her cheeks burned in embarrassment, his words reminded her of certain incidents of the past. Humiliating incidents that the Queen had kept hidden in the vault of her mind, but maybe it was time to let them out, “My Lord, I’m going to tell you a little secret, but you’d have to promise me that you won’t ever tell it to anyone, promise?”

“A-a secret?” the boy repeated, of course he liked secrets, “I won’t tell anyone, I swear!”

“Alright then” Charlotte said, hesitation overridden by the sense of goodwill, “T-the secret is that even I have wet myself, not once but twice and that too in front of people!” she hoped her confession would make him feel better or at least wipe away the gloomy look on his face, but believing that the mighty Queen could have an accident came to be a little hard for the boy, he thought for a moment and then said, “That’s not true! You’re saying this to make me feel better,” he felt desolate and maybe even worse than before to know the Queen would lie to him.

“No, really I have, my sweet” she said, now fearing if she had made a mistake letting the boy into her secret, what if he went around and told this to everyone? But there was no going back now.

“So, why didn’t you just go to the privy?” he asked innocently, wiping his tears with the back of his hand, beginning to believe her story and feeling a bit better to have someone he could share his embarrassment with.

“I tried but I couldn’t get to one before it was too late,” she said, breaking the eye contact as humiliation filled her.

“That must have been embarrassing,” Farlen said.

“It was.”

“You could have waited a little longer, adults are not supposed to wet themselves.”

Charlotte fluttered her eyes and smiled faintly at the innocence of the boy, only if he knew how badly she had to go, how much her bladder was bursting, he would have never said such a thing. Waiting any longer had become impossible. She remembered the warmth on her trembling inner thighs and the sheer volume of urine during both her accidents, the boy’s embarrassment would have vanished in an instant had he seen her wetting herself on either of those fateful days. She knew that compared to her, Farlen’s embarrassment must be nothing. Yet she wanted to make the boy feel better.

“Is there anything I can do for my little lord to wipe that gloomy look off his face?” Charlotte asked softly, hoping to get something from the boy. And when she saw him still sullen and desolate, she had a thought. She waited a few more seconds, as if deciding if she really wanted to say the next words out of her mouth, but then decided to say it anyway, “Well if you want, you could control when I get to go to the privy,” Charlotte couldn’t believe what she had just said. She was giving the little boy the control of how long she’d have to wait to empty her bladder. She wondered that maybe this was a brainless thought and if it would make any difference but she was willing to do anything to take the boy out of his misery.

“I-I don’t get it” Farlen said confounded, unsure if what he understood by the Queen’s words was exactly what she meant to say.

“Well, my sweet, if you’d really want, if you think it’d make a difference, I mean, you could control when…well, when I get to go to the privy. That way even if you still wet the bed at night, you can be in charge of when I get to piss, that’ll give you a sense of control” she explained it to him in a soft yet playful voice. “But you’ll have to promise to be nice to me,” she ended with a faint beam.

Farlen nodded in agreement, with a heartfelt smile on his face for the first time in weeks. He knew this was going to be fun.

The Queen smiled at the obvious improvement in the boy’s mood, “Good, now go to sleep, we have a long journey tomorrow.” She pulled up his sheets for him before giving him a peck on the forehead as she left the room.

Late at night when the castle was asleep, the knock came at the Queen’s door, loud and unexpected. Charlotte stopped pouring the wine into the cup, frowning. “What is it?”

Aldred’s voice came through the door. “My Queen, Mæjester Nemesius is without and begs urgent audience.”

“You told him I had left orders not to be disturbed?”

“Yes, my Queen. He insists.”

“Alright, send him in.”

Mæjester Nemesius was shown in before the door was closed behind him. He saw Her Highness standing near the table beside her bed, pouring her favorite red wine into the goblet. He could see her flowing silk brown hair running down her back, it looked as if her robes were open from the front. “My Queen,” he said to her, “pardon for disturbing your rest. There was a message.”

“A message? At this hour of the night?” she turned and walked towards him. He saw her breasts, the nipples that were shades deeper of brown and the thick black bush at the juncture of her thighs, a coarse, untamed forest of hair six inches long. She was much hairier than any woman he had seen before.

She tied her robes before she took the parchment from his hand and unrolled it. As her eyes slowly moved along the words a sigh escaped her throat.

“What does it say?” Nemesius asked.

“Lord Hadrian of Etonbury… he is no more….. a fever took him” she said, turning back around. She went to the table and lifted the goblet of wine to drink it down at once.

“He was a good man, may the God grant him rest,” he said.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*006*2019-01-06 14:33

{{18 hours ago, desp_1999 said:

Thank you for this beautiful story chapter. I am a sucker for “medieval-style” settings, with desperate lords and ladies. You have a very easy writing style, that fits the setting well. I for one sincerely hope you intend to follow-up!

}}

Thank you so much, desp_1999! I remember you saying in the comments in one of my stories that you like realistic omorashi more, so now the challenge would be to keep it as realistic as possible while also catering to my other readers!

{{16 hours ago, ola93 said:

A lovely set up for a great story. Please do continue!

}}

I really do wish to and I will whenever I find time from work! Thank you so much for reading and leaving a comment! I really appreciate it!

{{14 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Awesome start!

And yes, "the foolish queen" seems a very fitting name for Charlotte.

Your introduction about the financial problems, the "solution" with the fake-coins... was very well written.

}}

Thank you so much wedgeantilles for reading my every work and motivating me every damn time! It is those simple words that keep me going, can't thank you enough!

{{13 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a amazing start I cant wait to read more

}}

Thank you so much Melificentfan!

{{12 hours ago, Oel14 said:

This is reaaaaally good!

I hope you are motivated to write another chapter soon

}}

Thank you so much! I will try my level best to finish another chapter as soon as possible! Thank you so much for taking out the time to read and also leaving a comment! I really appreciate it!

*008*2019-01-07 14:44

Day-I

The Journey

The morning came with the sweet chirping of birds at Charlotte’s window. She had risen an hour before dawn to bathe and fix her hair. Dressed in a greenish blue gown made of flowing silk so smooth it seemed to run through her fingers like water, she stood in front of a wonderful looking glass, a glass that stories said once belonged to a witch who lived centuries ago in the forests nearby. Charlotte looked at herself in the glass as she did every morning, and said, “Mirror, mirror, on the wall, who in this land is the fairest of all?”

And like every day the mirror answered, “You, o Queen, are the fairest of all.” Charlotte was satisfied, for she knew that the looking-glass spoke the truth. The Queen then left for Lord Farlen’s room to wake him, but when she reached there, she found him already up and dressed. “Good morrow, my fair Lord! You look really handsome!” she said.

“Oh, you are being generous, my Queen” the boy responded in his sweet voice, showing her his quilted breeches and doublet, “Nurse Gwendolynn dressed me.”

“Oh, that dress suits you, my Lord Farlen,” the Queen said, “Come, I’m here to take you for breakfast,” she said, “Oh but before we leave, do you mind if I visit the privy? I don't think I'll get the time to empty myself after the breakfast.”

Farlen giggled, “But my Queen, you might have gone after you woke up?”

Charlotte chuckled, “Yes, yes, I did, just to make sure!” and with that, they left.

Queen Charlotte and Lord Farlen joined the King in the great hall for the breakfast, along with the Lords and Ladies of the court. The table was spread with bread, fruits, oats and ale. All during the breakfast, Little Farlen noted that though the Queen Mother barely ate anything, she had plenty to drink, liters of water and pot after pot of freshly brewed hot barley tea as she talked and laughed with the members of the court who sat next to her or across the table.

When they all were done, everyone made themselves busy greeting the traveling party a safe journey. The Queen walked up to where Lord Farlen sat, “I hope you are ready for the journey, my Little Lord, it will be a long and tiring road.”

“I am!” the boy exclaimed.

“And my goodness, I’ve had a lot to drink! Surely you’ll let me use the privy before we set out, won’t you?” she asked. The boy grinned and shook his head. The Queen wrinkled her nose at him, clearly happy to see the boy brighten up. Though Charlotte did not know when she’d get a chance to wee while on the road, she decided to hold it as she knew her bladder was more than capable of accommodating all that liquid.

The royal entourage set out from the capital shortly, the Kingsguard knights led the front with the royal banners, while four hundred household members rode behind them, and there were carts and twelve packhorses as well, carrying everything from chapel materials and books to exchequer records to clothes, food and drink, and gifts. Grooms and squires led horses on foot, while foot servants and hunting dogs walked ahead. They planned to spend eight days on the road, putting up each evening at the castle of a lord or at an inn, and this way, by easy and pleasant stages, to come to Tantallon.

The Queen Mother was accompanied in her carriage by the Little Lord Farlen, Nurse Gwendolynn and a hand maiden named Elizabeth, a sweet girl of sixteen. Elizabeth was known to her neighbors as a beautiful but languorous girl who would not spin. One day while her mother was beating her for being lazy, the Queen, who was passing by, overheard and asked Elizabeth’s mother the reason for the punishment. Ashamed to admit that her daughter was lazy, her mother answered that the girl spun so much that she could not afford to buy enough flax to keep her occupied. The Queen, impressed by such industry, offered to take the girl with her and that was how Elizabeth came into the Queen’s service. And though she was a servant, the Queen treated her like her own daughter.

One thing Elizabeth had come to notice during her time in Charlotte’s service was that the Queen had no trouble putting off her privy visits, even when it had been hours since she’d gone last. This raised her curiosity, as she always had admired women with strong bladders. She wondered how long the Queen could last without a piss? She knew that Charlotte drank copiously but rarely took privy breaks in between the day. Maybe the Queen had a giant’s bladder.

Elizabeth wished this journey would give her the measure of the Queen’s true holding prowess. Charlotte had consumed liters upon liters of water since she woke up in the morning, followed by pots of barley tea during the breakfast. Elizabeth noted with much awe that the Queen never gave even a slight hint of discomfort from having drunk so much. She knew the noble ladies would never mention about their need to relieve themselves. She wondered if Her Highness wanted to piss at all or if she was bursting under her dress and simply hid it too well? Only time would tell.

Her own bladder was beginning to fill quite rapidly owing to the liter of water she had since they left the capital, but Elizabeth let it slide to the back of her mind, confident that she’d be able to hold it until they halted for rest.

After it had been a few hours on the road, Elizabeth suspected that a normal person would have been considering stopping for piss in the bushes, as the Queen was now laden with her morning water and barley tea along with the skin of water she had emptied just now. Of course, she considered this was essentially nothing for Her Highness, but just then Charlotte said, “Ask Sir Mandon to stop at the inn up ahead.”

Nurse Gwendolynn nodded and gave the Queen’s message to the coachman through the small partition, who then passed it on to the Kingsguard riding ahead of their carriage.

It raised Elizabeth’s excitement. Maybe the Queen would use one of the rooms in the inn to make waters in a chamberpot, she thought. But when the contingent stopped, she saw the real reason for the halt.

The bonny inn called the Black Bear, served some of the finest wine in the country and the Queen had a good taste for it. The inn was built over a little gully through which ran a brook, and it was surrounded by banks of green and fragrant pine. There was the no other smell here but the pine smell, the wet, sweet smell of the woods, and no sound except the polite hum of conversation from the diners and the music of the brook, a welcome change from the stench and commotion of the capital.

All the people in the inn stood up when they saw the King and his mother enter, they greeted the royal family with bows and praises and Iwan conducted them all well, giving respect to fishermen and merchants alike.

"What an utterly delightful place," Farlen said, and Sir Mandon of the Kingsguard guided them to a table. The wine of the house, a sparkling amber drink, dry and refreshing, was set for the King and the Queen mother.

They were at the back of the house, separated from the common room in front where soldiers and draymen and other travelers ate; and while the issue was rarely pressed, it was only after a time when Farlen realized that only Knights and other higher Lords and Ladies were served here. Charlotte had often dined here with her husband, the Late King, and the innkeep had always been delighted to receive Her Highness into his service.

While they had their drinks, Charlotte and Iwan made conversation about the latest play to open in the capital, a rather contrived comedy in poor imitation of the Greek, as so many were. And while they talked Charlotte enjoyed her wine. There were few things Charlotte loved more than drinking down a few cups of fruity red wine or even a dozen. When they were done she walked back to the carriage while the others relieved themselves behind the bushes just to be safe.

As she came out of the woods, Elizabeth marveled at the length of her wee and wondered if it was the cold weather that made her go so much or if it was the liter of water she had before setting out from the capital. Either way, she had let it out but she knew the Queen hadn’t. Charlotte needed to empty her bladder as well, but Farlen had told her not to go and moreover, a Queen would never disgrace herself by peeing out in the open, so she just stayed back. They resumed their journey shortly and as the sun began to climb up, Elizabeth detected the first hint of a bladder bulge forming in the Queen’s midriff.

The Queen’s corset was beginning to grow tight on her stomach. She began nursing another skin of water, but more slowly, as it seemed her belly had filled up with liquids.

By noon, the entourage had reached the town of Culingham and everyone in the King’s traveling party stopped to eat and rest. The King and Queen Mother were received by Mæjester Theodoseus who had once been a councilor to King Henry, Iwan’s grandfather. The Mæjester invited the King and Charlotte to his manor but Iwan politely declined, owing to the length of the journey they needed to cover. Thus, Theodoseus treated him and Charlotte at the finest tavern in the city, with baked bread and flagons of beer of which the Queen drank plenty, while Farlen had a sausage and Nurse Gwendolynn and Elizabeth did with the beer and bread and fish.

Both Farlen and Elizabeth were impressed that Charlotte could drink like that with already so much inside her. They wondered if the Queen had a bladder made of cast iron to be able to hold it so easily. They sat there for long, talking of all things under the sun, but soon the King realized they ought to be on their way.

“We really should get going if we want to reach Tilsworth on time” he said, breaking from his conversation with Theodoseus.

The Queen lifted her brow in surprise when she heard this. She had not known how the time had gone by and her bladder felt quite full. They thanked Theodoseus for his hospitality and made to leave.

As they stepped outside the tavern, the Queen whispered into Elizabeth’s ear, “Do you think there is a privy any place nearby? I’ve had a lot to drink.” She had been looking forward to using the privy at the Mæjester’s manor but after the King’s decision to keep on the road, that option was taken off the table.

Elizabeth was glad to know that the Queen was starting to feel the effects of all those liquids in her bladder, “My Queen, there is the town’s common privy nearby if you want to use, but do you really need to go? I suppose we all need to be on the road now.”

The Queen thought for a moment, “Oh, no, it won’t be a problem. I can wait easily. And of course I shall never use the town’s common privy you foolish girl, I am not some common peasant woman, what will the people think if they saw their Queen standing in the line for the privy?”

“Forgive me, my Queen” Elizabeth replied, “I’ll inform Sir Mandon that we are ready to carry on with the journey.”

They soon took to the road, but as the sun climbed higher onto the sky, Farlen’s bladder began to nag him constantly. By the look of it through the window, the woods seemed familiar and Queen Charlotte knew that they were near to the river Dames.

Her Highness had been through this route many a time, and she knew the bridge over the river had a privy where Farlen could relieve himself and she could go wee too. The entourage stopped on Sir Mandon’s command when they neared the bridge and the Queen stepped out of her coach along with Farlen. The pissynhole over the Dames was managed by a bridge warden named Harold, a fat balding man with mutton chops and grey hair on his arms. He stood up as the Queen approached, “A great sight to see Your Highness at Dames” he said smiling.

The Queen smiled back and paid a copper to the man, “The boy needs to make waters” she said and went in with Farlen as the man nodded at them, “Don’t mind me, my Queen” the little boy started, “But may I know where you are going?”

“I need to take a piss as well, my sweet, I promise I’ll be quick” she whispered.

“Well, that is for me to determine if you get to wee or not,” Farlen said as he saw the Queen’s smile break.

“Oh, but I’ve had so much to drink, my little Lord, I must relieve myself before we keep on with the journey,” Charlotte told him, holding her bladder for the effect.

“Well, I think you can hold it, my gracious Queen,” the boy said, “Wait outside till I come back.”

Charlotte was surprised at the boy’s antics and stood outside angrily, tapping her foot and with her hands crossed under her ample bosom as she waited for the boy to finish his job. It had been eight hours since they’d left the capital and Charlotte had drunk an ungodly amount of liquid. Her bladder was beginning to expand rapidly. She walked back a bit angry at the boy for not letting her piss but still confident that she could hold off her waters easily.

Once they got in the carriage, Elizabeth saw the Queen’s bladder still bulging distinctly over her gown as Her Highness took her seat, a clear sign that she had not made waters inside the privy. The maid’s joy knew no bounds as she was snow sure that the Queen had some serious pressure built up.

Shortly after, the Queen asked Elizabeth to hand her the flask full of wine they had carried from the capital. Charlotte found traveling to be a cumbersome task that often dried her throat. Having something to drink kept her mind off the journey.

Though she hadn’t been to the privy for more than eight hours, the Queen was showing absolutely no physical signs of needing to piss despite her ever-growing bulge. She did not even seem to care that the liquids were entering her bladder. She soon emptied the flask and made herself busy knitting to pass the time. The red wool Charlotte used to knit was much softer and stronger than the brown one Nurse Gwendolynn was using to knit the shawl. The two women sang as they worked, wearing happy smiles on their faces,

“Again the morn of gladness,

The morn of light, is here;

And earth itself looks fairer,

And Heaven itself more near;

The bells, like angel voices,

Speak peace to every breast;

And all the land lies quiet

To keep the day of rest.”

Never did the Queen seem even the least bit distressed as she sang, even though it had been hours since she’d last peed and she’d drunk a very large amount. Elizabeth marveled at the Queen’s ability to wait for so long without even a hint of being desperate, and the journey went on. The dusk brought them to the borders of Tilsworth. The sight of the huge walls and stout towers of the castle reminded the Queen of what had transpired here many years ago.

A blare of trumpets went from the walls, and a voice in the yard announced the arrival of the King and Queen Mother at the castle. The large party of knights and mounted archers of the royal entourage poured in through the gates. Lord Hornwood and his sons came hurrying out the doors of the keep, and his daughter too, a short girl with yellow hair and a round pink face.

By this point, it had been eleven hours since the Queen had felt any relief and Elizabeth was sure Her Highness would sprint from the carriage to the chambers to use the privy, but Charlotte stepped out of the wagon calmly and gave her hand to Lord Hornwood to be kissed.

“My Queen, you are indeed the most beautiful lady in the twelve kingdoms,” the Lord said, “It is an honor to have you and King Iwan as our guests and we will be honored to share our bread and roof with you.”

Charlotte gave him her usual curt and narrow smile before Lord Hornwood asked the servants to show her to her chambers. The Queen instructed the servants that she’d share her room with Little Farlen and so they led the Queen and the boy together. Once in, Charlotte pulled the curtains from the window to get a view of the beautiful country meadow layered with the gleaming rays of the falling sun of the dusk. The æppel orchards and neatly tended fields reminded her of Longford.

“My Lord, stay here till I am back, alright?” she said as she turned around.

“Alright, my Queen” Farlen said.

The Queen walked up to the door but then stopped in her track for a moment, thinking if she should use the privy before she stepped out, but then she decided she could wait a bit longer. She closed the door behind her and walked through the corridors with a very protruding bladder bulge, though she still wasn’t desperate to piss.

Queen Charlotte was hosted by Lady Melissa Hornwood in her solar with plenty of tea and sweets. The Queen gulped down cup after cup of the sweet barley tea while she spent the evening talking to Lady Melissa and sharing tales of the days past. It was one of Charlotte’s strong suits, the ability to sit and talk for hours, without a single trip to the privy.

Despite the fourteen hours full bladder she was keeping contained, the Queen had drunk down almost three large pots of tea, adding to the weight in her bladder. When they got up to go for a walk in the gardens, Lady Melissa caught the Queen rubbing her abdomen, which was now bulging out greatly.

“I think I should take a piss first before we go for a walk, I haven’t been since morning,” she said, feeling like she really had a lot in there. The Queen usually made sure never to mention such needs before anyone, but with Lady Melissa, it was a different case as they both grew up together at Longford and they had seen each other making waters many a time when they were younger.

“Oh, forgive me, my Queen” Lady Melissa responded at Charlotte’s sudden admission, “Then by all means, visit your chambers to use the privy first, then we shall go for a walk in the gardens.”

“Oh no, that’ll take too long, my Lady” Charlotte responded, “Now that I think, it’s not an issue that pressing, let us go for a walk and I shall visit the privy later.”

Thus Lady Melissa escorted the Queen towards the godswoods and then to the gardens and all the while they were walking, Charlotte could feel her bladder filling slowly but steadily.

They walked long and even went to feed the ducks by the riverside. All that water in front of her kept reminding the Queen of her own river of urine that was building up inside her bladder, and she longed to get back to her chambers to piss, but she did not let it show to Lady Melissa even once, at least that much dignity she had.

By the time they returned to the castle, it was time for supper and the Queen still wasn’t desperate. Her bladder was just bloating up under her dress, but she was paying it no mind at all, engrossed in greeting and talking with the guests who had come to see her and the King from far and wide, lesser Lords and Ladies and Knights sworn to her father’s bannermen. The Queen’s evening was laden with beers with the Lords and wines with the Ladies, she did not check at the drinks she was having and even went for a fair amount of mead.

When the feast was finally over, the Queen and Little Farlen headed back to their room. “Finally, the Queen has to piss” she said as she got in and closed the door behind her, “What a long day it was,” and with those words, Queen Charlotte started to walk towards the privy.

“Oh, my beautiful Queen,” Farlen said, “Where are you going?”

“To use the privy, if my Lord would be gracious enough to permit me,” she teased him as she made her way.

“I don’t think you need to use the privy, Your Highness,” the boy said giggling, “I think you can hold it.”

“Oh, but the Queen may perhaps take a leak now,” she said, continuing on her way.

“But could you please hold it? I don’t want you to go just yet” the boy pleaded.

She stopped at her track, “And in return what do I get, my Lord?” Charlotte smiled at him, though she was a bit taken aback by his words. She had thought the game to be long over; it was a surprise to her that Farlen was still at it.

“Well you could have one of the lemon cakes Nurse Gwendolynn packed for me,” Farlen offered innocently.

“A lemon cake and all I have to do is not pee? I am in every time!” she said, though she had never liked lemon cakes that much, she accepted the boy’s offer hoping it would make him happy. She changed inside the dressing room and put on a simpler dress, comfortable for sleeping.

“My Queen, are you sure you won’t wet the bed tonight?” Little Farlen teased Her Highness, “You haven’t gone all day, not since this morning before we left.”

“The Little Lord need not worry” Charlotte smirked proudly, by now, the Queen had been without a privy for over twenty hours, despite trying to go on many occasions, “The Queen has a big bladder and she can hold her waters well” she told him. She was calm and composed as ever and still showed no signs of needing to take a wee besides her inflated bladder region. Farlen shrugged and then they both climbed the bed and went to sleep.

*014*2019-01-08 13:46

{{21 hours ago, AlmostWet said:

Please continue.

}}

Sure I will. Thank you so much for your support. It means a lot.

{{20 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Man charlotte is a beast holding all of that liquid in keep it up Queen charlotte ^^

}}

I am glad you are enjoying it!

{{20 hours ago, Oel14 said:

Just as great as i expected it

}}

Thank you so much! Much appreciated!

{{19 hours ago, Jackles12 said:

Pleaseeee my lord keep posting moree

}}

Haha! Sure, my Lady!

{{18 hours ago, Bombality said:

Now I wonder how big her bladder shows at this point, because I don't think it was mentioned.

I am enjoying the story but I feel like that would be a nice addition, that from time to time we are described at least with a few word how big her belly is getting.

}}

Thank you for taking out the time to read, Bombality. I'll try to add in more descriptions in the forthcoming chapters.

*017*2019-01-10 18:10

Day-II

A Bedtime Tale

The next morning when Farlen woke up, he did not find the Queen next to him on the bed. Maybe she had woken up earlier to use the privy? But on inspection, he found the privy empty. Lord Farlen rushed to the great hall to find the Queen, though Nurse Gwendolynn tried to stop him and get him dressed first, Little Farlen did not listen to her for once and the nurse had to force the boy to change out of his robes and into a dress fit for meeting the Queen and her hosts. When he reached the hall, he found the Queen having her morning tea with Lady Melissa and Lord Peter Hornwood. The King was not there, which told Farlen that it was still not the time for breakfast.

“Oh, you’re up, my Lord” Charlotte greeted him, “Come and join us for some tea.”

Lord Peter and Lady Melissa smiled at him welcomingly and asked the servants to get the boy some pie and orange juice. He ate slowly, all the while trying to figure out if the Queen had any relief this morning as her stomach was hidden well by the table, but he only got his answer when they all stood up to leave after the tea. The massive bulge in her stomach told Farlen that Charlotte had still not emptied her vessel. The boy was amazed by how much her bladder had swollen up in the course of the night.

The Queen and Lord Farlen then walked back to their chambers and Charlotte was beginning to feel the effects from the liters of water and all the tea she had after she woke up, though she did not care to reveal this to Farlen, as she wished to keep the contents of her bladder just to herself.

“So, my lord?” she said as they entered their room, “May I use the privy now?”

“Not yet, my Queen” Farlen said, “I am just starting to enjoy this game.”

“Oh, is it so?” Charlotte asked, “You remember you promised to be nice to me, right?”

“I will be, I promise” Farlen smiled, trying to look like a boy playing a game with her and not intent on bladder torture.

Fortunately, the Queen had a good bladder control, enough to be able to put up with his demands. The hours went by and Queen Charlotte drank plenty more water, wine and tea throughout the day, letting it all rush into her cavernous vessel.

When it was dark, Farlen heard the creaking noise of the door as the Queen returned to the chambers. “Oh good, you’re still awake!” Charlotte said as she entered the chambers and closed the door, “I was going to see if you wanted me to read for you from the ‘Tale of the Twelve Kingdoms’ before bedtime? I found it on the bookshelf in Lady Melissa’s chambers. It was my favorite book when I was younger, it had stories of all the Kings and Queens, from Argilac the Unworthy to Eleanor the Glorious and also of the dangerous beasts that once roamed these lands.”

Farlen agreed, of course, he liked stories and as he sat up on the bed, Her Highness said, “But there is something I want from you in return for reading to you.”

“And what would that be, my gracious Queen?” Farlen asked.

“You’ll let me use the privy before I start the story. That way we both get what we want,” she said, “A good piss for me and a good story for you!”

“Oh, but my Queen, I’m sure I’m enjoying your hold more than I would ever enjoy a story” Farlen smiled wickedly, “So, it’s alright if you if decide not to read to me.”

“Oh, my Lord but you don’t know” she yowled, “I had so much to drink today” she added, pressing her thighs.

“Well, I may think of letting you go if you read to me first.”

“You know, the story is supposed to be really long. Do you really expect me to stay and read the whole thing to you without a trip to the privy first?”

Farlen reddened in the face a little, unsure if she was still playing along or looking to end the game. “You can make it, can’t you?” he squeaked out, embarrassed that she’d caught him overstepping his bounds. But to his surprise, she gave him a smile and replied, “Well I am a grown lady, my Lord and I can control my bladder as long as I wish too.”

Relieved at just how relaxed with her answer she was, Farlen told her, “Alright then, I think you can make it through the story without going first.”

She smiled and began reading to him. Charlotte went through a pot of black tea she had asked the servants to bring for her as she read to the boy and after a few cups, she started to feel it flowing into her already occupied bladder. It was late at night when she finished reading to him and by then all the tea was gone. It had been almost forty hours since the Queen had taken a piss and she’d drank a lot. Lord Farlen wasn’t holding out much hope of the game continuing past this point, he knew everyone took a wee before bed and though the Queen had been skipping all her privy visits, he knew she certainly would make one tonight.

Though by the looks of it, she still wasn’t conveying the slightest urge of needing to piss, despite all the liquids she’d consumed. The boy’s mind whirred trying to come up with a way to make her hold longer, but then he realized that he needn’t worry about it, because the Queen didn’t mind continuing the game at all.

As the Little Lord slipped into the covers Charlotte asked him, “Now, does the Queen get to use the privy before she goes to sleep? She could sleep better with an empty bladder.”

“But my Queen, do you really need to go now?” Farlen asked, hoping she’d say no.

Her Highness sighed good-naturedly and replied, “I can wait if you’d like me to wait.”

The boy nodded enthusiastically at this, and Queen Charlotte smiled again before she readied herself to take the bed, “But if I wake up and need to go in the middle of the night, I’m waking you up!” It took Farlen a very long time to fall asleep that night.

*020*2019-01-11 14:13

{{19 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol I am so loving this

}}

Thank you so much, Melificentfan, I am glad you are liking it!

{{17 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Great new chapter!

}}

Thank you so much!

I am so glad about the response I am getting for this work! Thanks a ton, everyone! Any suggestions or criticisms would be highly appreciated.

*023*2019-01-12 02:15

{{2 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Well. there is one point that bothered me a little bit:

After several hours she admits to her maid that she wants to pee - and after 8 hours she is upset / angry that she doesn't get permission from Farlen to relieve herself.

However, after 40 hours she still claims to be able to hold it longer.

To be honest, I do not quite get the curve of desperation here. It is quite a big thing for her to admit she has to be. How can she possible hold it 5 times longer if she was already at the point of being angry not to be able to piss?

I have no problem that she can hold it longer then 40 hours - but I can't understand her behavior after 8 hours, just a fifth of this timeperiod.

}}

Well, the anger at the eighth hour was not because she was denied relief, but because it was a bruise to her ego asking for the permission to pee and being denied. Though she was the one who offered to play this game, she still hadn't come to terms with the fact that a child can control her bladder so strictly. That was the entire point.

I hope it made sense.

She is a person who will make a little more space in her bladder even if it becomes full and she becomes desperate, just to keep her dignity and pride intact, so there will be several points in the story where she might come back from the edge of desperation and seem in control again, because she is taught to suppress her needs.

