Fantasy Fic

Author: pierulz777

*000*2012-05-21 20:25

Hi everybody

This is my first fiction so I hope you enjoy! Before we begin I would like to explain one thing. In this story more info will come later on about the past and such. Now that that's out of the way lets begin.

Prologue

In the distance a group of three travelled in secret heading north through the forest of immortals away from the burning ruins of sky castle. The members of the group are cat people the race that rules over the realm they are Luke captain of the gaurd at sky castle, Jewel court mage at sky castle and Princess Celestia princess of the realm.

*001*2012-05-21 21:50

Chapter 1

Cold demonic laughter followed Celestia through the dimly lit corridors. Here and there the dismembered bodies of her friends dotted the floor. Suddenly she stopped dead she couldn't move anym–. "Celestia wake up." Jewel called. "We're moving out soo–. Did you wet your bed!?!"

"What!" Exclaimed Celestia. She hadn't wet her bed in two months and wasn't happy to start now. She was silent as she surveyed the damage. Her fur was soaked from her crotch to her tail in the golden liquid, her panties were ruined along with her night dress and there was sizeable puddle on the ground. Jewel looked at the young princess tears welling up in her huge eyes one leafy green and one icy blue down to her sodden ginger tabby pelt and said. "I'll clean you up!"

"What is taking you so long!" Luke yelled from his packing. "Just a minute." Called jewel as she pulled out her sword mumbled an incantation and celestia was clean and dressed in a pretty white dress

*002*2012-05-22 23:21

I'm typing on my 3DS so I can't do italic. Instead I'll write the italic Like «this»

Chapter 2

As the travelers packed up and left Celestia was lost in thought about the last time she wet the bed. She had woken up wet and her mother had comforted her and used a spell to clean her up.

«But why did I wet last night, and what does my dream mean?»

She was so lost in thought that she didn't notice her growing need to urinate until she was quite desperate. «Damn» she thought now «I'll have to ask Luke how embarassing». Tentatively holding herself every now and again she made her way up too Luke and tapped him on the shoulder. "Luke" she asked "can we take a break so I can go pee?"

"Hmmm" Luke said "we're almost at the village where we're spending afew days do you think you can wait another hour?"

"S–sure" she stuttered knowing full well she couldn't. About 25 minutes later her desperation had skyrocketed. Abandoning all subtlety she was now holding herself at all times and her tail was thrashing wildly around.

Jewel walked up to Luke and whispered in his ear "I think we should stop before the princess has an acci–." Hissssss. "–dent."

