Her First Day - Page 2

Author: Night Rain

*025*2014-03-21 17:14

Chapter 9

Luna was still busy watching Brooke.whom was still busy squirming around at this point. Here and there she would hop from one foot to the other then whimper. In fear as she knew what was going to happen soon. She stood off from the other students and looked at everyone else she locked eyes with Luna. Yet then looked away as she did not like the look she saw in it eyes.

Luna still smiled then slowly walked over to Brooke and stopped a couple. Feet away from her and looked her slowly up and down.

"I have not seen you around before?" Luna asked.

Nothing from Brooke.

"Cat got your tongue?" Luna asked again.

Brooke seemed to shift around slightly. Which caused Luna to eye her closely yet at the time she said nothing to Brooke. Only to smile and walk away from her for the time being Brooke watched as Luna walked away from her and sighed in relief.

"Just who is she?" Brooke thought.

Letting her mind wonder Brooke thought back to her recent accident this morning. She thought about the one girl who was nice enough to help her.

"Why did she choose to help me like that?" Brooke also thought.

It was at that time that one of Luna's friend had walked up slowly behind Brooke. The girl had long brown hair. With a pair of deep red eyes she was known as Megan. She tipped toed behind Brooke before reaching out with both of her hands.

Megan quickly grabbed hold and started to fondle both of Brooke's breasts. Right there in front of everyone. "Oh, what a nice pair though they are lacking a bit" Megan laughed. As she used both hands to squeeze them roughly.

Brooke cried out in fear. As she felt the hands do their dirty work she also felt herself leak a good amount of pee into both her. Panties and bloomers turning them a small dark color. Megan let go of Brooke and backed away.

Luna walked up to her once again.

"How pathetic just look at yourself" Luna taunted.

*026*2014-05-04 05:08

To those who had been following this story. I'm sorry for the long delay of the next chapter as I've been really busy as of late. Don't worry one will come.

