The Tuba and the Flute: A Sequel to The Third Second Tuba Girl

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-09-18 01:56

"What am I feeling? ponders Laura. "I've wet my pants before -- lots of times -- but it never aroused me, at least not as its doing now. Are wet pants sensual, or is it Aemilia?"

Aemilia, the flute player: She'd wet her pants, too. Laura recalls the sensation of feeliong aemilia's damp crotch -- shock -- but pleasure, too. Is Laura just glad she's not the only band girl with wet pants, or is she feeling something for Aemilia? "I'll soon find out," thinks Laura.

The third quarter winds down, and the teams switch ends of the field. The band stands and plays the fight song. "Gosh, I need to pee again already," realizes Laura. This always happens. Wet pants seem to invite further wetness. The cool dampness of her panties always seems to reduce Laura's ability to hold -- or is her desire to wet her pants increased?

There it is. "Yes," confesses Laura to herself, "I like to wet my pants. So shoot me. It turns me on. I like the naughtiness; I like the suspense of wetting my pants in public, but no one knowing; I like the feeling of warm pee running out in my panties, under my bottom, down my thighs. I have a pee fetish."

Does Aemilia have a pee fetish, too? "Sounds like it," muses Laura. She was really lookiong forward to coming up to Aemilia's room after the game. She was also looking forward to using the bathroom. Her bladder was beginning to feel strained. Maybe she should just wet her pants again? Maybe later.

Touchdown! Everyone jumps up and cheers. For the first time in the game , we're ahead! Hurrah! Oops! Laura just squirted in her panties. Fight song! Instruments up; play. Laura's crotch and thighs are growing warmer. "At least I don't have to worry about finding a bathroom now -- at least for a while."

The metal bleacher was chilly to Laura's wet pants. She sat counting down the minutes to...to what? To meeting Aemilia? To listening to Aemilia's wet pants story? Telling her own? In a semester of myriad new experiences, Laura, the freshman third second tuba girl, was about experience one more. The thought almost made her wet her pants.

