Sisterhood of Blood

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-05-27 04:43

Chapter 1: Love You To Death (ERICA)

The Half Note jazz club, in lower Manhattan

(296 Spring Street at the corner of Hudson Street, NYC… 1962)

Soundtrack:

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rA1EZAZCq4Y?feature=oembed"

I was sitting in a dark, smoke-filled bar, letting the sound of the music wash over me, taking me far away from the cares of my mundane college student existence, watching the band playing on the small stage as if in a fog. The haze created by the smoke as it rose up towards the blue spotlights formed a sort of halo around the man I’d come to see. He stood onstage with his eyes closed and legs spread slightly apart as his long thin fingers danced over the keys of his horn, the power and clarity of his tone seeming both rock hard and filled with brilliance.

Like a diamond, I thought to myself… his sound was like a diamond reduced to its essence of pure vibration.

My physics professor had explained that at the most basic level everything could be reduced to vibration, but I hadn’t really understood the concept until now, listening to this black man make magic through his saxophone.

It was almost the end of the set, and he was playing a ballad.

His rendition of the melody had practically moved me to tears, capturing all the bittersweet nature of love and loss effortlessly in the first 64 bars of the tune. Now he had begun his solo, and was turning the melody inside out before beginning to run the chord changes, riffing on the standard, quoting odd bits of other tunes which always fit perfectly somehow, going off on wild tangents with a quick flurry of notes before always returning precisely to where he wanted to be.

The other three members of the band were providing perfect accompaniment as if by mental telepathy. Light-coffee skinned McCoy Tyner smiling as if at a private joke only he knew the punch line to, leaning into the piano keyboard, outlining the harmony while adding upper intervals to the normal chord changes to complement Trane’s note choices; tall, brown, slim Jimmy Garrison playing counter melodies on the upright bass with an intense look on his face; and coal-black Elvin Jones flashing a non-stop Cheshire Cat smile as he coaxed a endless number of rhythmic variations on 4/4 time from his modest drum kit, making the beat strong and remarkably elastic all at once, his drumsticks just a blur in his hands…

The new John Coltrane Quartet was a killer band, that much was certain.

The two drinks I had consumed in order to satisfy the club’s table minimum were already starting to make my head feel a bit light and my body feel flushed, because I wasn't much of a drinker back then.

The music was truly magical. In the throes of inspiration, the band had run way over the usual 40 minutes most clubs allotted to musicians before clearing the house for the second set.

At this rate, I wasn’t sure there would be a second set.

It seemed as if Trane would just keep blowing until he ran out of ideas, which wasn’t going to happen any time soon. Unconstrained by the limitations of a recording session or a fixed set time, he was channeling the music from another place, letting it flow through him and into us. We were enraptured by it, transported out of that space and time by the power of his horn.

Although by now I was feeling the call of nature, I hadn’t wanted to leave the small table to try to make my way through the cramped club to the restroom in order to relieve myself. I wasn’t willing to miss a single second of this experience, but though my focus on the music was keeping my mind occupied, my body was starting to make a bid for my attention.

I was beginning to squirm just a bit in my seat now from my need to pee, although it wasn't a conscious decision.

My ‘date’ suddenly broke into my transfixed reverie, touching my hand and leaning over to say,

“This is so great, isn’t it?”

I murmured back, “Yeah, it’s really cool!”

At first I was annoyed that he had interrupted my trance, but within an instant or two, I was over it; the music was that powerful. Cool… Yes, indeed; I thought it was very cool.

It was cool to be here in this downtown club. It was cool to be listening to this great sax man and his amazing new band.

Cool… I used the word a lot, so much so that my few friends at college had actually nicknamed me ‘Cool’.

It was kind of a joke to them, because I was anything but cool, really.

Although I had grown up in the suburbs of New York City, most of the town was as unfamiliar to me as if I was a hick from the sticks, someone who’d come from a small town somewhere in the Midwest.

I had gone to an all-girls parochial school and then had decided to matriculate at Barnard College.

I was studying science and history, which was decidedly not cool, unlike the girls who were studying drama, or poetry, or art; the girls who exuded an aura of hip that I couldn’t even begin to approach. These were girls who smoked and drank wine at parties, cursed, and even (it was rumored at least in some cases) had had sex.

Or at least had boyfriends.

I, on the other hand, was a straight-laced virgin. I was unattached and very un-hip, except for one thing: my love for jazz music, and John Coltrane in particular.

I wasn’t sure exactly what I was going to do with my life; I had a vague idea that I’d eventually get a teaching degree and become a schoolteacher. It seemed to be the best path open to me at the time, since I wasn’t exactly keen on finding some boy to marry.

I wasn’t interested in boys at all, in fact.

This was yet another reason why my date’s interruption had been so annoying to me.

We had met just a few days before in a neighborhood record store. Both of us had been browsing the jazz section for new releases, and when he saw I was interested in jazz music, he struck up a conversation with me. He seemed to know his stuff; when I discreetly quizzed him by asking a few questions about recordings, bands, and musicians, he gave all the right answers.

Brad was a student at Columbia University; their campus was only a couple of blocks down from Barnard.

Seemingly on a whim, he asked me if I wanted to go with him to hear the John Coltrane Quartet at The Half Note on Saturday night.

Of course, I agreed without thinking twice.

A chance to hear the greatest, most innovative sax player alive wasn’t something I’d ever pass up.

I was a Trane fan through and through, every since I’d first heard a platter playing in that small uptown store as I passed by on my way to class. A very different version of 'My Favorite Things', the tune from 'The Sound Of Music'. I’d never heard a sound like his before, and it stopped me in my tracks. I went in to the store to ask what they were playing, and once they told me, I bought the record immediately even though it meant I’d be late for class.

John Coltrane played like math had married poetry, I thought.

It was beautiful, and it was perfect. I had needed this so badly in my life, and never known it until then.

After that first exposure, I sought out every John Coltrane recording I could find. His sound moved me like nothing else I had ever experienced up until then. To me, it was as if he was expressing every iota of human beauty in all of its myriad variations through his horn.

Jazz became my religion; John Coltrane was the preacher, and I memorized every sermon he gave, note for note.

Weird, I know…for a young middle class white girl from the suburbs to be a fan of a black jazz saxophonist back in 1962. And if you’d asked me why, I couldn’t have told you back then.

All I knew was this music was speaking to me as directly as if someone was whispering in my ear.

Most girls my age were into singers, pretty much. They wanted to hear an attractive young man sing some sappy romantic pop song. Not me… Jazz music was the one thing that made me feel alive; made me feel happy, or sad; made me feel, period.

I had grown up in a reserved household, with no displays of affection or declarations of love, no visible emotions of any kind. It was a typical example of New England reticence and repression.

Until I heard Coltrane play, I didn’t really know there was any other way to be or for me to feel; he had set me free.

Little did I know, but he had also set me on the path to what I was to become.

Because it was on that fateful night that Hannah found me, and saved me from the darkness.

The Half Note club was a small, family-run joint, able to hold only a little more than a hundred people at a time. Mike Canterino was the owner; he, his brother, and a couple of waitresses staffed the front of the house, while his father, “Pops”, served up Italian specialties from the kitchen.

Mike loved jazz music, and jazz musicians. He knew Cannonball Adderley from when both of them had served together in the Navy, and he had an impeccable ear for talent. If you were good, you got the gig.

No politics, no favorites, no race issues. Mike didn’t care what color you were. He didn’t care whether you were a swing era player, a bebopper, or an up and coming avant garde radical, either; all he cared about was whether or not you could play. Musicians and fans alike loved him for it.

The bar was decorated simply, with LP covers and straw-covered wine bottles affixed to the walls. An old upright piano was tucked into a corner of the tiny stage, which was in an alcove separating the two rooms of the club so that people sitting in either room could see and hear the band. The stage support was a nailed-together stack of wooden crates. No frills, just decent food, non-watered down drinks, and great music. Ben Webster would show up and play his swing tenor all night long, recalling his days back in Kansas City when he and Lester Young would challenge each other to greater and greater heights at after-hours jam sessions, while the more experimental players like Ornette Coleman would take the music to wild extremes of rhythm and harmony in front of a receptive and rapt audience when it was their turn to perform.

The Half Note was a downtown Mecca for jazz buffs, and I had finally made my pilgrimage.

Hearing my idol had me entranced; for the whole time the band was playing, it was as if time stood still.

Finally, the last notes faded into the smoke-filled air, and I had to come back to reality as if waking up from a beautiful dream.

At the end of the set, we were getting ready to go. I stood up, and my date was helping me put my coat on when I felt his hand brush against my chest lightly. I was somewhat embarrassed, but didn’t make any fuss, because I thought it was probably an accident. We walked out of the club and around the corner, and I thought at first that we were going to find a taxicab and head back uptown to our dorms, but when he pulled me into a small alleyway and leaned in to try and kiss me, his intentions were unmistakable.

I tried to pull away. I guess he had gotten a different idea about what things were going to be like between us. He was handsome enough, and I‘m sure he was used to girls falling all over him, but I had only been there for the music.

“Please don’t do this,” I murmured softly as he wrapped his arms around my waist, pinning me to him.

“Please, no… don’t!” I said it a bit more forcefully this time, but he wouldn’t stop.

His hands were busy under my coat now, fondling me through my tight angora sweater and brassiere as he pressed me up against the brick wall in the dark alleyway.

I didn’t want to scream, didn’t want to make a scene.

It was my own fault that I’d fallen into this trap, and I needed to find my own way out.

I slapped him hard and managed to push him away, finally.

Brad was angry, and it showed on his reddened face.

“You’re just a little tease, aren’t you?” He spat, contemptuously. “Well, I can’t be bothered with that!”

He turned on his heel and strode off without another word, leaving me alone in the alley with my clothing in disarray and my head foggy and in turmoil. I was also starting to regret that I hadn't used the restroom at the club; the urge to pee was making itself felt more strongly now.

“Why didn’t he realize I’m not into boys?” I thought to myself. “Did I have to spell it out for him?”

I hadn’t done anything to lead him on, to give him the wrong idea, had I? I thought we’d just go to the club and enjoy the music like a couple of friends; why did he have to make it into something else?

As I tried to rearrange my clothing, I became aware of the feeling that I was being watched. The feeling was strong, so very strong. I glanced around me, thinking I would see someone standing there, but I was alone.

Balancing precariously on unfamiliar high heels, and hobbled by the tight black woolen skirt I was wearing, I started walking in the direction of the nearest subway station since I didn’t have enough money in my purse to afford a cab by myself. Although I hadn’t seen anyone nearby, I still couldn’t shake the feeling that someone was watching me.

Between the drinks, my upset state from being mauled by Brad, and this weird feeling, I must have been very distracted. Without thinking, I stepped off of the sidewalk against the light.

A loud honk broke me out of my daze, but it was too late… I felt the brutal impact as the car hit me, tossing me up into the air like a rag doll before it sped away.

I hit my head hard as I fell to the pavement, and then I was lying in the gutter in a broken heap, feeling my life ebbing away.

I can clearly remember wetting myself, the urine spurting out, feeling it soaking through my underwear, slip, and skirt and forming a puddle underneath me as I lay there, helpless.

Funny, I felt embarrassed by that, as if it really mattered at that point.

Even though I knew I was dying, I still felt embarrassed… weird.

As the glow from the streetlight faded and the darkness began to envelop me, I dimly glimpsed a shadowy figure approaching, and I felt strong arms lift me up from the street.

And then, I lost consciousness.

(to be continued)

This is my 500th post here on omo.org, and i wanted it to be something special.

Please let me know what you think of it so far, my friends... and don't worry, this story will not be abandoned.

BTW, there will be more omo... i'm just getting started here.

*002*2013-05-27 16:54

{{: 

Hi Frosty, this story is amazing and had me gripped from beginning to end. You're a very talented writer indeed. Have you thought about taking it up professionally? You really are that good!

}}

Thank you so much, orango !

Those words mean a lot coming from you, since it was your writing that convinced me to sign up here in the first place.

Doing this professionally ?

OMG, now that is a rather scary thought...

But i do really appreciate you thinking i might be good enough !

Oh, and of course, the end is still a way off... there is much more still to come... :)

*004*2013-05-27 19:02

{{: 

My big sister, you've got such a talented way of intertwining your words into a web, that attracts and captures your readers just like the music you're depicting! You kept me fascinated to the end. And yet I'm not a big music fan. I guess my ears are not tuned in the right way... But there is one kind of music, that I love to listen to. That is jazz. My late father left some jazz records when he died, and I use to listen to them a lot. My favourite is Mel Tormé. Listening to him makes me fall into trance.

I want to read the sequel to your story as quickly as possible! Did you die or did you survive?

What a marvellous 500th post!!!! I'm proud to be your littlest sister!

}}

Thanks, sis !

Mel Torme, what a talent... i hear they used to call him 'The Velvet Fog' because of the quality of his voice.

I have his 'Mountain Greenery' on my ipod currently.

As to your question... you'll have to read the next part to see.

The next installment will be posted soon, i promise !

*008*2013-05-31 21:30

My thanks to all who have taken the time to read this.

I know it's not your typical omorashi tale so far, and i appreciate your patience in allowing the story to unfold at leisure. i am hard at work editing the next installment of this piece, and i can definitely promise that your patience will be rewarded!

Please leave comments, folks... i am grateful for any and all feedback.

*009*2013-06-01 05:26

Link to Chapter 1:

%https://omorashi.org/topic/14436-sisterhood-of-blood-pt1/

Chapter 2: Angel Eyes (HANNAH)

I woke up in a strange place, dark and quiet. I was lying naked on a huge bed, surrounded by soft pillows,

On top of a comforter.

I could feel my blood racing through my veins and hear my heart beating.

It was throbbing faintly at first, but then the sound began to fade, leaving an eerie silence in its wake.

I closed my eyes again.

“I can’t hear my heartbeat anymore,” I thought to myself.

Then suddenly I felt as if I was burning up, consumed by flames.

“Have I died and gone to Hell?” I wondered.

I couldn’t figure out what I’d done to deserve that sentence in my short and relatively sinless life, though.

Really… they sent me… to Hell?

Come on, you’ve got to be kidding!

The irony of it was too much for me, and I started to laugh almost hysterically at the idea that it might just be true.

I opened my eyes once more and saw a woman leaning over me with a look of concern on her face.

She was so beautiful; her smooth olive skin, her large brown eyes with long thick eyelashes, her full lips painted a bright red, her shiny wavy hair so dark brown it was almost black.

Everything about her was perfect.

This can’t be Hell, I thought. Not if there’s an angel standing there.

"Angel eyes," I murmured to myself, looking into her beautiful brown ones.

She asked softly, “What’s your name, little one?”

“Erica…” I mumbled.

“Well, I hope that eventually you will come to consider me as a friend, Erica,” the woman said,

“although it might be a bit early for that at the moment.”

She smiled at me, and said gently, “I’m guessing you probably have some questions.”

Suddenly, I remembered what had happened to me; I had been hit by a car and left to die in the street.

Where was I, and how did I get here?

As if she had read my mind, the beautiful woman answered my unspoken thought.

“Yes, you were hit by a car, and you were dying.

I had been keeping an eye you ever since you left the club with that boy.”

So I had been right about that odd feeling after all !

“When he walked off, I thought you were out of danger, but something told me I should still keep watching you,” she said.

“I wasn’t close enough to you to prevent that accident, but after I felt it happen, I got there as fast as I could.”

I was very confused by what she was telling me.

“But if that car hit me, and you say I was dying, why am I not dead now?” I asked.

“Why don’t I feel hurt? And who are you?”

“My name is Hannah,” she replied. “Answering your other questions will be a bit more complicated.”

She smiled again, but then her face turned serious.

‘You were dying, and there was no other way to save you than to do what I did," she said.

"No doctor or hospital could have saved your life. There was no time to do anything else, and for that, I am truly sorry.”

“But you saved my life?”

I was even more confused now.

“No, I didn’t.” Hannah shook her head, a note of sadness in her voice.

“I couldn’t do that, unfortunately. I only made it possible for you to continue to exist.”

She shook her head again, and then went on.

“Believe me, you’re not alive any more. At least, not in any way you’re already familiar with.”

She placed her hand on my bare chest, covering my heart.

“Haven’t you noticed yet?”

Her touch was electric, sending a wave of sensation through my entire body.

I became fully aware that I no longer had a heartbeat. I was breathing, but my heart wasn’t beating… which meant no blood was flowing through my veins. How was this even possible?

“What’s happening to me?” I asked, beginning to feel a bit panic-stricken.

“You’re beginning to change,” Hannah replied. “You are becoming like me now.”

“Like you? What do you mean, like you?” I asked, not understanding.

“You’re becoming a vampire, little one,” Hannah said bluntly.

“I’m a vampire, Erica. In order to save you, I had to turn you into one. Otherwise, you’d be dead right now.

Really dead instead of just… not alive anymore.”

She took a large glass containing a transparent blue liquid from the table next to the bed, and tilted my head back gently.

“Here, you need to drink some more of this,” Hannah said.

I complied, unable and unwilling to resist.

The liquid within tasted sweet, and I drained the glass quickly.

“That was really delicious,” I whispered. “What was that?”

Hannah just laughed and said, “I’ll tell you later. For now, just try to rest, okay?”

She pulled the curtains open and left me alone in the gathering twilight of autumn in New York.

My hearing had grown so acute that I could hear her soft footsteps quite clearly as she walked down the hallway.

The sensation of being on fire had faded as soon as I had consumed the mysterious blue liquid, however.

What was that stuff, anyhow? I had never tasted anything quite like it before.

It was good, and I wanted more.

But the glass was empty.

I closed my eyes, thinking I might try to sleep. I was exhausted, and in a very comfortable bed.

Normally, when my head hit the pillow, I was asleep in a matter of minutes.

This time, I couldn't fall asleep at all.

I was tired, but I felt restless.

I was also starting to feel the need to pee.

It was nothing close to urgent yet, really just more like a little thought in the back of my head.

After a while, I became aware of the faint sound of a piano and violin coming from another room of the house.

( soundtrack Violin Sonata in G minor )

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tPyPkHFbkb4?feature=oembed"

Classical music, I could tell that much... with intriguing harmonies. I wanted to hear it more clearly.

I got up from the bed and wrapped the comforter I had been laying on around me, then I followed my ears to the source of the music.

They led me down a long hallway and through a set of heavy wooden doors into the living room, where Hannah sat on the couch with her eyes closed.

She was listening to an LP record playing on a rather large and complicated looking stereo system.

There were glowing tubes and heavy transformers covered in copper sticking out from the top of a brushed aluminum enclosure with a couple of knobs and dials on the front of it.

Thick cables snaked across the floor to a set of speakers in the corners of the room.

I had never seen anything like it before.

As I entered, Hannah opened her eyes, and looked straight at me.

"Sorry to disturb you. I just couldn't sleep," I said quietly.

"It's OK, Erica. This new existence of yours will take some getting used to."

She gestured towards herself and said, "Come here and sit next to me, little one."

Before I knew it, my feet had moved me towards the couch where Hannah sat.

She asked softly, "Do you know this music?"

I shook my head. "No, but I like it," I replied.

"Debussy... his violin sonata."

"It's so beautiful." I whispered.

"It is one of my favorite pieces of his. It was his final composition... I saw him perform it once, some time ago. Gaston Poulet played the violin part. It was so wonderful to hear it for the very first time. "

"But..."

I knew enough about classical music to know that Debussy was an Impressionist composer, and that he was active at the very beginning of the 20th century.

If Hannah remembered having seen him perform, she had to be at least seventy years old.

She looked as if she was in her late twenties.

Then I remembered what she had told me.

"Oh, right... vampire…" She laughed as I trailed off.

"Yes, I'm told I look quite young for my age."

She laughed again.

"One little benefit of your new existence, dear. You will never look any older than you do right now."

She patted the couch next to her. “Come, sit and listen with me, and relax now.”

The music continued to play softly, but I was able to discern every detail of the performance.

When I closed my eyes, it was as if the players were right in the room with us playing the piece.

I could hear everything, right down to when either musician took a breath. It was incredible.

“Wow… that’s some crazy stereo you have. I’ve never heard anything like it.”

I was awed by the clarity of the sound.

“The system was designed and built by the great Nikola Tesla himself, Erica. He is one of us, you know, so It was made to be good enough to satisfy our unique auditory sense.” Hannah smiled.

“What you are hearing is the combination of truly accurate reproduction of sound combined with your enhanced capacity.”

My mind was reeling from everything I had taken in up to this point.

It certainly was a lot to think about, and to process.

Struck by a speeding car, and left to die in the street.

I had died, apparently, and been revived somehow by a strangely intriguing vampire woman.

Brought to her house, which was... I had no idea where.

Stripped bare naked.

Given enhanced senses, and who knew what other powers.

Granted eternal youth.

Well, it had been a pretty wild night so far, i mused to myself.

Now this latest revelation:

Thomas Edison’s contemporary and competitor Nikola Tesla was a vampire?

And he had designed a sound system for his own kind?

I had to believe it was true. Everything sounded so vivid and so real.

As the piece ended, a quick thought occurred to me.

What would my favorite music sound like on this system, with these ears?

“Hannah, do you have any jazz records? Some Coltrane, maybe?” I asked, breathlessly.

“Coltrane? I’m afraid I don’t know who that is. I do have some Louis Armstrong records, though.”

Hannah rose languidly from the couch and walked over to a low cabinet by the stereo.

“Souvenirs of some ‘bon temps’ in New Orleans… would you like to have a listen to one?”

“I would like that very much, please.”

Without realizing it, my speech patterns had begun to mirror her more old-fashioned way of talking; slow and stately, like everything else about her.

She lifted the LP from the player, and replaced it in its dust jacket, then slid that carefully inside of the printed cover and walked it over to the cabinet where she filed it carefully.

Her motions were economical, with not a single wasted movement; it seemed as if everything she did was done precisely and with intent, and I found it indescribably attractive.

Hannah pulled another record from the cabinet and removed the disc, placing it delicately on the turntable.

She reset the playback speed to 78 rpm, and once the record began to spin, fitted the needle into the groove.

( sound track: West End Blues)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/pXHdqTVC3cA?feature=oembed"

The unmistakable sound of the opening trumpet cadenza of ‘West End Blues’ jumped out of the speakers, the notes tumbling over one another in a mad cascade.

She had picked one of my favorites!

I had heard the tune many times before, but it was as if I truly was hearing it for the very first time.

When the slow drag of the main melody began, I closed my eyes and sank back into the couch, lost in the recording made so many years ago, back in 1928. Then the solo sections started.

It sounded as if Jimmy Strong was playing his clarinet right there in front of me, and when Louis began his scat vocal in response I was convinced that if I opened my eyes, I would see him standing there too, his trumpet and ever present handkerchief in one hand as he leaned into the microphone at that recording session so long ago.

Earl Hines’ rippling piano runs were crisp and bright.

The held note Louis played after the piano solo sent chills down my spine, and his solo was pure bliss.

'Fatha' Hines returned with his short arpeggiated section, Louis played a final blues phrase, and the ensemble wrapped it up with a few brief notes in harmony.

Sheer perfection in just a little over three minutes; they had taken the limitations of early recording technology and made them into a virtue.

Tesla had not designed a sound system; he had created a sort of time machine, I thought to myself.

It was as if I had been transported magically back to the time and place of the original Okeh recording date.

Suddenly, I shivered. My need to pee had become more pressing. Hannah was looking at me rather intently now, and for some reason, I blushed. My cheeks turned a bright red; as I was about to ask to use the bathroom, she spoke. "You have to urinate, don't you?"

Her voice was very matter of fact. I guess my squirming and double crossed legs had given me away.

Then, surprisingly, she continued, "You can't go just yet. You need to hold it for a while longer."

"Hannah, I'm not sure I can. Please, can I use the toilet?"

Her telling me I needed to hold it had just made the need that much more pronounced.

I squeezed my thighs together tightly under the comforter as I felt a drop or two escape me inadvertently.

Hannah said, "I need to explain what you've become, what we are."

"I'm a vampire; you already told me that."

I was getting a bit testy, because I really needed to go now.

"Can I please use the bathroom?"

I was almost begging as I felt a little more pee trickle out of me and run down between my thighs, and I squirmed in mounting distress.

"Not yet," she replied firmly. "Please allow me to make things clear by giving you a bit of history."

A history lesson ? She had to be joking... I had to pee so badly !

"I told you that I was a vampire, Erica. That is true, but I didn't tell you what kind of vampire I was."

Hannah smiled. "Yes, dear. There's more than one variety, and the common bloodsucker is the most prevalent but I, (and by extension, you) belong to the most exclusive and rare group. We are omo vampires."

"What's an omo vampire ?" I asked, as I jammed one hand down between my legs under the comforter to apply pressure on my tortured wee hole. I was beyond the point of feeling embarrassment now.

"It's a strain that began in feudal Japan, with a curse on a faithless samurai. While on guard duty one night, he had to urinate so badly that he abandoned his post," Hannah explained.

'A ninja was able to sneak in thru the unguarded passage and assassinate his master, then slip away unnoticed.

With his dying breath, his master cursed the samurai, condemning him to an eternal life of 'omorashi'.

He would have to wander the earth, desperate himself, and seeking out other desperate unfortunates, and he would crave their urine. He would want to see their desperation, and after seeing them urinate, he would desire only one thing: to consume their pee. With each drink, his life would be prolonged, as would his shame."

As Hannah spoke, I listened raptly. My own desperation was growing by leaps and bounds, and I was both fascinated and horrified by the tale she told; what had I become ?

I wrapped the comforter around me more tightly, and squeezed my thighs together as hard as I could, my legs now entwined around one another and jiggling up and down like a sewing machine.

My urethra felt hot and irritated, and I was beginning to leak a little more now despite the pressure of my fingers on it as she continued.

"Of course, like any other vampire, we still require blood for sustenance. The need for urine is just a little something extra." Hannah laughed. "Think of it as a bonus prize. It's also how we reproduce."

As she said those words, I felt a hot spurt of pee escape past my fingers.

I knew I had wet the comforter thoroughly, and my hand reached down under me to see if it had soaked through to the couch. Apparently it had, since I felt a warm wetness there.

When I brought my hand back up, there was a bit of transparent blue liquid on it.

In disbelief, I raised my hand to my face to smell it. The odor was sweet.

Where had I... ? Oh, my gosh...

"Yes, darling. Our urine is transparent blue, and that's what you were drinking before."

Hannah laughed. "In order to make you one of us, I had to first feed you my blood, but then also feed you my urine. The blood alone would have been lethal; it's only the combination of the two that makes you an omo vampire."

She laughed again, but it sounded a bit colder to me this time.

"And now, little Erica... you can pee."

At that, I lost control of my bladder, and began to wet myself fully as Hannah pushed me down in front of her and snatched the comforter away, exposing my gushing privates. She clamped her soft lips onto me and began to suck hungrily, the blue liquid running down the sides of her mouth as she drank deeply of what was voiding copiously from my insides. I can't deny that it felt fantastic, both my letting it out, and her mouth on me. The stream continued, hot and strong, for over a minute.

Then it lessened, and finally stopped.

Hannah's mouth remained on my privates, however, and she began to work on me with her long fingers and her nimble tongue. I was starting to moan in ecstasy now as this vampire woman pleasured me.

I may not have gone to Hell, but I knew somehow that I was still damned.

And I didn't care.

(to be continued)

I'd like to thank KayLeigh and riviara for their input on this chapter.

As always, i appreciate all who take the time to read, and to comment !

*010*2013-06-01 06:33

Just posted the 2nd chapter of this story !

Link to Part 2:

%https://omorashi.org/topic/14598-sisterhood-of-blood-chapter-2-angel-eyes-hannah/

Please comment if and when you have the chance, people...

Thanks !

$

*019*2013-06-07 21:02

Oh, and for those of you that are disappointed that there wasn't enough omo in Pt. 1, there is a bit more in Pt. 2. Please keep reading... and you will be rewarded.

*020*2013-06-07 21:05

{{: 

Loved the story.

No clue why but I had this song going through my head the whole story.

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3jjLMm7C2EY?feature=oembed" }}

That music is very creepy...

{{: 

My so very talented sister, you've did it again! No, not "again", you've continued to do it! You're ongoing weaving a story about existences we didn't know of before. Vampires, yes we've heard about them before, but vampires with sweet, blue urine... And only you know about (at least until you've continued to enlighten us) what other characteristics and powers they may have. I for one am so very eager to read your continuation of the story and learn more!

I've always thought that vampires are so sad. They stay young, while their fellow men grows old. They're doomed to outlive their loved ones. I believe it was a vampire who created the first blues. See this line in "The Blues" by Duke Ellington and wonderfully performed by Mel Tormé: "The Blues is a one way ticket from Love to Nowhere". People wish for eternal life but it has its cost...

I'm longing for the next part!!!

}}

I should be posting the next part at some point over the weekend... just a bit more tweaking to do.

Stay tuned, folks !

*022*2013-06-08 23:41

Link to Chapter 1> https://omorashi.org/topic/14436-sisterhood-of-blood-pt1/

Link to Chapter 2 > https://omorashi.org/topic/14598-sisterhood-of-blood-chapter-2-angel-eyes-hannah/

Chapter 3: Wind In The Reeds (COOL)

Thursday night, the meatpacking district, NYC… present day.

(sound track: Naima)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R416VHIL514?feature=oembed"

I was hanging out alone in our loft on Greenwich Street feeling mildly desperate from holding.

It had been at least ten hours since I had last allowed myself the luxury of a wee, and I had been slamming down the iced green tea pretty consistently.

Holding and being desperate actually feels good to an omo vampire; it’s part of the curse, choosing to hold when we could so easily just release our urine any time we wanted to.

Feeling the fullness in one's bladder, the pressure building within, the yearning to just let go;

It’s all so wonderful. We learn to prolong the sensation, holding for as long as we can stand it before giving in to the urge to release. And with our metabolism and capacity, ‘as long as we can stand it’... well, that can be a lot of pee held for a really long time.

Hannah was off somewhere, dealing with some elder vamp business.

Every so often, the local elders would get together and discuss some stuff that needed taking care of: a clan that wasn’t following the rules, for example, or maybe a human that was getting a little too close one way or another.

As the current enforcer, Hannah was required to attend and give her opinion, although she wasn’t actually allowed to vote. Then sometimes, she’d have to act on their decision…

And that might take awhile, depending on whether she’d be able to just give someone a warning, or more extreme sanctions were warranted.

Believe me, you didn’t want to be around for that part. It usually got pretty messy.

So I was on my own for the night.

To pass the time, I pulled out some sheet music, lit a cigarette, and played my soprano sax for a bit.

Yes, I smoke… deal with it.

One of the advantages of being undead; I don’t have to worry about getting lung cancer, or any other kind. My cells regenerate much too rapidly, and are also immune to most other forms of degradation and decay.

It doesn’t affect my playing either; I have superb breath control.

I can use circular breathing and make a note last all night if I wish, or choose not to breathe at all. That particular skill takes conscious effort and a lot of practice to master, but it’s a nice trick if I have to spend time underwater, or if someone is trying to track me.

I picked a Coltrane ballad, and started to play the haunting melody before taking on a solo. ‘Naima’… it was a seemingly simple tune, but those are often the hardest to play.

The temptation to fill all the spaces is almost unavoidable, but leaving space…

Yes, there’s the art of it… not overplaying, but letting nuance take precedence over needless complexity.

It’s harder to do than it sounds, really.

After more than fifty years of daily practice I’d improved a lot, was actually finally a decent enough player, maybe even good…

And my long dead idol John Coltrane still cut my behind to ribbons.

So frustrating, really.

Then again, he was a genius.

I was just a girl with a whole lot of time on her hands.

It was Hannah who had suggested I take up playing the horn; she presented me with a beautiful gleaming gold Selmer soprano sax for my vampire birthday, the very first year we were together.

She said, “You might as well have a hobby; it helps to pass the time. And who knows, maybe one day you’ll even be able to play like that man you idolize so much.”

As if I could ever dream of being that good, even with all of eternity stretching out before me. Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained.

I started learning to play. It was rough at first; I couldn’t manage to get anything like a decent tone out of the horn. It was squeak and squawk, pretty much, and only that.

With time I got better, though; I had a lot of time to spare, and I learned.

Fifty-plus years later, and I was still learning; learning that I’d never play as well as John Coltrane, no matter how much time I had.

Oh, well... ‘c’est la mort’, as the Creole vamps say down in New Orleans.

Finally, I took the horn out of my mouth, and stubbed out the clove cigarette I’d left burning in the ashtray on the table next to me.

I lit another, and took a deep drag as I put the music away.

I unscrewed the ligature and removed the reed, pulled off the mouthpiece, cleaned the moisture out of the sax by running a cotton cloth through it, and then carefully placed the horn and mouthpiece back into the purple plush-lined case.

I had finished my practice session, but I was still feeling unsatisfied and restless for some reason.

Usually it had the opposite effect, making me feel calm, peaceful, and relaxed.

I thought back to the way Trane had played the tune the last time I saw him.

It was in Antibes, the summer of 1965, just about the final days of the classic quartet…. damn, he had been so amazing.

His choice of notes, his fluidity, and his extraordinary ability to express what he was feeling, and to make you feel it too; they were all… perfect.

I walked over to the stereo and put on the recording of that concert; his live version of the tune was so different from my own and also from his original studio recording, moving seamlessly from calm to frantic tension anticipating the final ‘free music’ period he was about to enter, and then back again to a peaceful statement of the beautiful melody.

As usual, listening to Trane’s music had a calming effect on me.

There was a healing power in his playing; it was always there, and it always worked.

I pulled the thin straps of the black silk slip I was wearing off my shoulders and let it fall softly to the floor, feeling it caressing my body on its way down towards my bare feet.

I stepped out of it, leaving me clad only in my black silk and lace panties. My bladder created a slight bulge above them, indicating that it was almost full and ready to release any time I wanted.

I stroked the bulge softly, cradling it with both hands.

Not yet, not yet, I thought.

“There’s still plenty of time for holding,” I said to myself, even though I was starting to feel a bit more than slightly desperate now.

“Hmmm, which look shall I go for this time?” I wondered out loud.

Should I play the innocent schoolgirl, the sexy seductress, or a tough chick?

Each different role had its own wardrobe. I flipped through the clothes in my closet until I found what I was looking for.

Ah, yes… tough chick. That’ll work. I was feeling as hard and as sharp as a steel razor tonight.

I dressed in a tight black ribbed tank top and black skinny jeans, a black leather belt with silver conchos, black suede high heeled boots with silver skull buckles, silver bracelets on my arm, silver hoop earrings. I laughed to myself as I fastened a silver chain with an upside down silver cross on it around my neck.

Yes, I thought that the cross was a nice touch.

The legend was that a cross would be an effective weapon against a vampire, but in fact a cross, without true faith to back it up, was nothing but a useless ornament.

So very few people had a true, unshakeable faith nowadays. They were all too smart for that, and so they were all easy victims.

Wearing a cross was kind of a private joke for me, in fact.

As a former parochial schoolgirl, I found it was almost as funny as the uniformed girls who wore circle pins nowadays even though they obviously weren’t virgins. Well, it was obvious to me, and I certainly knew what a circle pin was supposed to represent.

I laughed again.

I wondered what the nuns from my old high school would think if they could see me now;

Little innocent Erica. Yeah, right.

Of course, they weren’t thinking anything, most likely.

They were probably mostly either dead, or so old that they could barely remember their own names, much less mine.

1956 was a long time ago, at least by my reckoning.

To Hannah, fifty-six years ago was like yesterday… or even five minutes ago.

She was not quite an elder, but she must have been close to that.

Sometimes, I teased her about lying about her age.

When she was in a good mood, of course; only then.

She wasn’t shy about hurting me pretty badly if I made her angry, since she knew I’d regenerate quickly. Which didn’t mean it wouldn’t be very painful, though.

So, yeah; only when she was in a really good mood…

I gathered my reddish-brown hair up above my head and sprayed a musky perfume onto both sides of my neck, behind my ears, under my arms and between my small breasts before letting it fall loosely onto my shoulders again. Then I sprayed it onto both of my wrists, and in the crook of my elbows. Opium, by Yves Saint Laurent; my favorite scent.

Putting on makeup sucks when you can’t use a mirror. Having no reflection makes it kind of pointless to even try; but vanity being what it is, I still want to look my best when I go out, so I always try anyway… even if it’s difficult.

You do get used to it after fifty years or so, though. And you get better at it.

One of the luxuries of an undead existence; you have more than enough time to get better at anything and everything.

I laughed to myself once more as I thought that.

I was cracking myself up tonight, really.

Such a shame nobody else was around to appreciate all my jokes; then again, most people wouldn’t have found them very funny at all. They were too weird, too morbid, too dark.

Just like me, I thought, and laughed to myself yet again.

Ignoring my steadily increasing desperation for the moment, I tried to imagine what I looked like as I applied a red gloss to my lips. Almost the color of blood, I thought, looking at it shining on the tip of my index finger. I rimmed my green eyes with black kohl eyeliner, and teased my lashes out with liquid mascara, making them into long curled boy traps, then applied just a little pale foundation to cover my sparse freckles.

Hannah always told me my freckles were cute… but I wasn’t after ‘cute’ tonight.

No, I was thinking more along the vein of ‘Kiss Me Deadly’.

I wanted to look lethal. I wanted to look just the way I felt.

I was getting hungry, and it was almost time to go find someone to have for dinner… yes, some unlucky boy was going to satisfy my appetite and make me very happy, for a short time anyhow.

As the tune ended, I walked over to the stereo. I lifted the tone arm up and moved it to its cradle, then shut the amplifier off, watching the glowing tubes dim and fade as they powered down. Tesla's latest sound system was much more compact, and the thick cables were gone now; he'd been wireless long before the current technology had caught up to that. He still preferred the rich sound of monoblock tube amplifiers though, and my ears agreed with him.

Vinyl LPs, and tube amps... old school.

The loft was in complete darkness now, but my night vision allowed me to see everything as clearly as if it were broad daylight.

Daylight... I hadn't seen daylight in over fifty years.

I probably didn't even really remember what it looked like.

I threw on my black leather motorcycle jacket, grabbed my keys and a second unopened pack of vanilla clove cigarettes.

Then I headed out the door, slamming it shut behind me.

“Watch out, party people,” I thought to myself, “something’s coming to get you.”

I laughed again, somewhat evilly this time, as I took a cigarette from my open pack, stuck it between my blood-red lips and lit it. Inhaling deeply, I savored the sweet smoke as it filled my lungs.

Dressed to kill, made up to attract, and as desperate to pee as possible… I was ready to hunt.

I began to walk uptown at a leisurely pace towards the club on Little West 12th Street, my footsteps illuminated by the silvery sliver of a new moon.

(to be continued)

Please let me know what you think, folks. I need your comments... Please ?

*023*2013-06-08 23:51

The next chapter of this story is now up:

%https://omorashi.org/topic/14769-sisterhood-of-blood-pt3-wind-in-the-reeds-cool/

I hope that you will enjoy it, my friends !

\/###\/

