I

Author: Dealer

*000*2018-01-14 14:41

This is my first attempt at writing something like this, so please don't be rude. I like to hear, in a polite way, your thoughts about my creation, and also your suggestions for next chapters. Keep in mind, please, that English is not my mothertongue, so there could be a few mistakes. Thanks!

- 0 -

Long time not seeing you... I missed talking with you, on the lake house's patio, with a cold beer in one hand and pack of cigarettes in the other one. Do you remember that time when we drank so much we couldn't lit a cigarette right, and you started smoking yours in the wrong way, getting the filter on fire. Oh, memories!

It's been too long, you know? Now that you're getting married I don't know what I will do with my life. You were always the one that did all the cooler stuff, earlier than me. You were the one that graduated with the highest score, the one that made dad's company successful again, the one that got engaged first, the one that didn't skipped from girl to girl to girl to another girl, trying to find the "right one", trying to be happy with the supposed "other half of your soul". Maybe it's stupid to compare our lives, but I feel like a failure to our parents and also to myself: you are my twin brother, We shoulde be in the same stage of life, but it feels like my life goes only backwards.

I'm still at college, can't pass any exams, and still live with Natalia. Yeah, I know your words: "college doesn't teach you life, but only challenges teach you life". I know, like dad used to say. What are you? Dad's soul in a new body? You're older than me for just 5 minutes, so please don't try to be the "oldest wiser one"! I must finish fucking college or I won't be a fucking literature professor!

Sorry, I didn't mean to get angry at you. I know you just wanted to cheer me up, but... you know, it's hard. Living with Natalia and her friends is, I don't know how to say that... challenging! Initially it was great, but now that we broke up it's only weird. Furthermore, there's this girl, Odile that... Wait! I already finished my beer, I'm going to grab another one. Do you want one too? No, ok, don't worry.

Please, pass me the lighter, I ran out of matches and I NEED a cigarette right now. What? What do you mean by "e-cigarette"? Please, don't start to say things like "lungs' cancer", "benefits for your health" and bullshits like these, otherwise I will chop your head off. Please, don't be grumpy at me, I'm sorry and also a bit drunk: I dind't me to be so acid this night. it's your bachelor party and, for some mysterious reasons, you wanted to spend this "magical night" with me, your brother and best-man. No stripper, no clubs, no friends, just me and you on the lake house's patio, like old times, with beers and your strange e-cigarette. Let me try it, please! It's not that bad, actually... but strawberry flavour, please!

What was I saying about...? Oh, yeah, Odile is the new girl in the house. She took the room of one of the best friend of Natalia, that got away to take care of her mother. Yeah, lungs' cancer. Please, don't say a word! So, I was saying, Odile is from France, she's like 19 or 20, I don't know, and her father is very very rich: her family owns a company that has something to do with producing tennis balls, I didn't understand... She's really pretty, she could easily be a model: red-hair, very petite, but huge breast and nice ass. I don't know why I'm describing her to you, she's not your type, not bearded enough for you. And also no penis, sorry! (laughs)

So, I'm in an uncomfortable position at home, because I don't know where to look in the morning: she usually walks around the house, half-dressed, sometimes with only panties and a t-shirt, no bra, barefeet, singing stupid catchy songs which remain stuck in my head for the whole day. Natalia saw me checking her out and, despite we are no longer a couple, she's still jealous. Maybe I should stop look at her, but, God, she's so sexy! And also I think she's really into me...

The other night I was washing the dishes, as usual, and I spilled some soapy water on my crotch unintentionally. "Did you pissed yourself?" I heard a whisper just behind my left ear, with the common curled r's that makes me shiver all the time. I turned around jut enough to see her freckles a few centimeters from my face, her light green eyes glued to my crotch. I said "What? No, I didn't, it's just water from the sink" blushing furiously. Then I felt her hands on my waist, patting me just above my ass. "Pity, that was interesting... maybe next time, d'accord?" By that point, I was petrified and I couldn't stop staring at her bare ass , in extra-tiny shorts, walking away softly, with just the noise of her soles on the kitchen floor. I turned my head to the window and saw Natalia outside, checking me with a disgusted face, trying not to cry. I felt so bad...

Fuck, I finished another beer...

You know, since the "Bulgarian exchange-student incident" Natalia doesn't let me sleep in the bed with her, so I started sleeping on the couch. Of my own house! Ok, it's not mine, it's dad's, but he's dead so now it's mine. Ok, it's ours... Please, c'mon, I was trying to tell you what happened! So, now I sleep on the fucking couch every night, and every morning I wake up early, because Erika attends the nursing school and now she's doing an internship and she has the early hours of every fucking mornings, and she needs to go to the kitchen to have breakfast and so she wakes me by making a lot of noise with the electric squeezer (she needs only "fresh OJ" in the morning to mantain her hairs "natural strawberry blonde").

Anyway, the morning after Odile's "interest" I was half-sleeping, after Erika left, when Natalia came to me and started cuddling me. I think she made that out of jealosy for Odile, trying to say to me "I'm still your woman, don't fantasize about that baguette-bitch!". We kissed, a lot, and she started caressing me down "there", you know... But I needed to piss, I hadn't gone already that morning.

Wait, I'm thirsty, just let me grab another beer and then I continue my story...

So, I had an hard-on like I never had, but I was still bursting for a piss. All of a sudden I felt Natalia's wet lips petting the tip of my member, stroking it and started sucking it. The sensation was amazing, but I was like a volcano ready to erupt. I tried so hard to contain myself, but in a moment of ecstasy she said "did you came already?" with her cockney accent that I loved so much months ago. I realized what happend: I spurted in her mouth, my pee was about to burst out.

I replied "Yeah, sorry, it's better to clean me up now". I said that in so rush that she made a puzzled face, and before I finished my sentece I was alredy running to the toilet. I couldn't last any longer: I opened the bathroom door, jumped in and tried to unfasten that idiot secure-lock that Natalia installed on the bowl to avoid Anees, her cat, to drown. I heard a splashing sound on the ground and noticed that I was pissing myself, drenching my boxers and wetting my feet. I did what I could: pulled my dick out, pointed to the bathtub, moved the shower-curtains and peed full-force on the drain. It was pure joy and relief.

In that moment I felt the presence of another person in the bathroom: behind me there was Odile, half-awake, clearly interested in what I was doing. I couldn't stop, I wouldn't stop pissing. "We have a naughty boy in the house!" she said. I tried to explain that I was too desperate, I coudln't hold it, bla bla bla, but she laughed at me and she left in full silence.

When I returned to the living room, Natalia wasn't there; she was fake-sleeping in her room (our room!), so I sneaked in and grabbed a pair of clean boxers, I showered and then came back to her. "I don't know what you're talking about, please can we not talk about what happened?" she said when I tried to confront her.

That is the situation, my brother. What should I do? Please, wait for the reply, I need to take a leak and I need a cigarette, do you mind?

*002*2018-01-14 20:47

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn he has a lot going on but that was a great story

}}

Thank you!

*005*2018-01-14 22:12

{{22 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Great beginning, very promising!

}}

Thank you :)

*006*2018-01-15 22:25

In this chapter I will focus more on female wettings. Again, please feel free to express any suggestions on the progression of "I", I will consider everything you write me.

- 1 -

Oh, I couldn't stand any longer, brother. I really needed that. That is perfection... Would you like to see how I make smoke rounds? I learnt that from Shirin, do you remember her, she used... No, yeah, I'm shiffling my legs because I didn't stop for the bathroom. No, I'm sure, I can hold it, MOM. God, when you do that you're so annoying! I just want to spend some good quality time with my brother and not wasting any by something stupid like pissing and you... I'm not drunk, you are! I will not give you my glass, brother, I can handle a little alcohol. Do I have to remind you who our father was?

I light it up with the flames in the stove. By the way, if you smell any burnings, don't worry, I accidentally burnt my fingers' hair. Yeah, no harm, I feel fine. Don't look at my left hand, please.

So, what we were saying? What do you mean? Yeah, you introduced me Shirin when we were like 16, right? It was your girlfriend at the time and you were really proud and you introduced me. And now you are going to marry Gil! It's crazy. I already heard that: you wanted to be "normal", just like everone else, you were suffocating your feelings and insticts. I totally understand you, brother. I too don't express myself like I want when I should to. It's frustrating, I can totally relate to your situation. Sometimes I just need to do a certain thing to a girl and she said "no, I don't want to" and then I get angry and... Leave the glass, brother, it's mine. I'm not drunk, I said.

Yeah, Shirin taught me to make smoke rounds, was that what I said before? When you left her, we remained good friends, also during your three-months-in-bed-caused-to-the-skii-accident period. She never came home, but we were friends, I told you. In that time she taught me to make smoke rounds. It's really difficult, I swear: it took me months to learn it properly. No, sure she smoked in high school, everyone used to smoke, so she smoked too. Lungs' cancer, her grandma? I didn't know that. Of course she smoked, I told you.

(sighs) Ok, you got me. I can't keep a secret from my detective twin brother! You know, I always wanted to talk to you about it, since you came out, especially about what happened next. Maybe now it's the right time... It's hard to say, I don't know where to start...

When you were recovering from the skii accident, Shirin and I, well... we were more than friends. We were like a "couple", but only for the fun part, you know. I'm sorry, brother: she was so pretty and fun, with her long dark hairs and that middle Eastern look. Oh, those eyes, black like the night! But then she got bored, I think, and she started to hang out with different people and she left me alone. So sorry brother, I hope you're not mad at me. It's been a long time.

Oh, thank God! I'm not happy if you're not, brother! Ii love you so much! But wait, I haven't told you everything...

Half a year ago I recieved a notification about a like on one of mine poetry tweet. You know, the one in which I talk about mom and the fact that she never let me use dad's eyeglasses when I was a child. Anyway, Shirin searched me so I started chatting with her. After a week of chats, she agreed to meet in a pub near the docks and the yatch club. Just a moment, I need to refill my glass. Please, stop doing that, I'm noit quitting, it's a party!

We joked a lot on chat, trying to recall high school and the old times when everybody needed to dress in the uniforms, otherwise you got punished by saying fifty Holy Mary, do you remember? I hated that fucking school and Shirin did too. She wasn't even Catholic, and her grandparents were from Iran, did you know that? Ah, you already knew,..

So, I was saying that we joked a lot about uniforms: kakhi pants for boys, with blue blazers and white shirt; long checked dresses for girls, terrible! So, while we were poking each other on chat she challenged me on wearing the uniform on our metting and I couldn't believe that: she was trying to fulfill a sexual desire, I did know that. Otherwise, why asking that? I was so turned on that I accepted, but asked her to do the same. In that moment she sent me a pic of her, half-wearing her dress, letting me see what she wore underneath. I saved that pic on my phone, just a moment... here it is! See! She's beautiful, doesn't she?

So, we met at that fucking gross pub, where the waiter teased us all the time: I was so stressed that I couldn't enjoy the view of Shirin with a skirt so short that Father Anthony surely would have called her "outrageous". No tip for the waiter, we moved on the beach, but not near the yatch club, neither the part belongings to the golf club: we went to Grief's Point, there were nobody. She was lovely, barefeet, with the sand through her toes. We drank a lot, because she stole a bottle of Hibiki from the pub. Don't mind my hand on the crotch, ok?

In that moment she taught me to make smoke rounds, while kissing. You have to close your throat and... ah, you don't care at all, ok. Anyway, I fucked her hard, right there on the beach, and then in the car, and finally in her flat, where she said... Yeah, I drove dad's car under the effect, ok? Don't worry, I'm alive, MOM! Please, keep my glass while I unzip my fly. Ok, give it back, please. I said please! C'mon! Thanks...

So, we were at her's when she said something about a magical experience: the moment after I was gulping acids and listening to some mystical strange music

. Fifteen minutes later floor was melting, a teddy bear winked me and I was not in myself anymore. I flew around the house, around the town, it was scary, brother. Real shit, I will never do that again in my life. She was even more in a bad shape than me: she was thrilling, panicking, with only her black lace bra and matching panties, saying things like "I cant move, thes'a prison on my head, I can't move, I can't hold that, I can't breath". And then she peed herself, I think: I still don't know if it was just a dream of mine or it was real. Sure the wetness on my hand felt true. She dumped her panties completly, but she seemed not having conscience on that. She was in another dimension. The puddle on her feet and legs were multicolour, like a rainbow of urine, waving back and forth, becaming alive.

In the morning I woke up under the sofa in the living room, when someone entered the house. It was her boyfriend, that douch, don't know his name. He picked me up with an arm and punched me in the face so hard that I blacked-out. I think Shirin tried to help me, because when I woke up again I was in the bathroom, locked in. I heard that guy screaming and Shirin crying: in less than a minute I jumped out of the window and started running to my car. Ok, God! Dad's car!

I stopped at her scream of terror: trying to be as sneaky as possible, I went beside the window and, in a corner between the curtains and the wall, saw Shirin completly frozen in place, terrified. Pee started to soak her panties, to run down her legs and splashing on the wooden ground of their "love's nest". Can you imagine, brother? She was so frightened that she actually peed herself. She peed hserself twice in less than a day, in the sam pair of panties. Unbelievable. There was so much piss everywhere, her feet soaked in the puddle she was forming under herself, her toes shaking from fear. After I don't know how much, she finished pissing herself and started laughing. He laughed too, in a weird way, like he was aroused by the situation. Then he hugged her.

I left, I was also scared of him. I hope she's ok, never heard of her anymore since then. Strange people, anyway...

When I came home to Natalia, I said her I was being robbed by some drug-addicts returning from university and she wasn't too much convinced about that, especially why I wasn't home the night before. After a little cry of mine, she conforted me and I collapsed on the bed, to sleep like two days in a row. Oh, Natalia! We were talking about her, weren't we? And also Odile!

Maybe I really should hit the toilet now, I'm starting to lose my legs from too much shaking! But before, brother, do you think I can convince Natalia to came back to me? And what should I do with Odile?

*008*2018-01-16 08:00

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter

}}

Thank you!

*009*2018-01-16 09:30

If anyone is interested, I post below the list of characters and the actors/actresses I took inspiration from to build them (with links to pics). Enjoy!

The Brothers = Rami Malek

Natalia = Jade Eshete

Odile = Karen Gillan

Erika = Mia Wasikowska

Shirin = Golshifteh Farahani

Anees = this cat

Now you can all have an idea of how the characters looks like to me. More characters are going to come, don't worry...

Please, feel free to write me ideas, suggestions or anything that pops in your mind, in a polite way. Thank you!

*010*2018-01-18 21:23

I developed this new chapter around the one female character and added new ones, writing a story about female desperation and maybe some wettings. Again, below you can find the list of new characters and the actresses I took inspiration from to build them (with links).

Mom = Leslie Mann

Dolores = Elle Fanning

Punk girl = Lily Collins

- 2 -

I do not understand your face, brother: I didn't pee in your precious wodden patio's floor, neither on myself (I got close, really close). I didn't ruin your fucking patio with the "acidity of urine", like you said. Jesus, I just peed through the fence on the ground. I was truly bursting, I couldn't wait anymore, I swear. It was like photo-finish! I also leaked a bit on my briefs, see? Just a coin-size spot. But still I made it: I've learned how to take my dick out in one quick movement since what happened with Natalia. Ok, maybe some piss dripped on your roses but I don't understand your anger. I know, it's not anger, it's disappointment, yeah, right. Fuck, I totally forgot that they were planted by mom... That's it, isn't it?

No, I'm not crying. I said I'm not crying, brother. I'm just sorry for what I did. Mom was a good woman... I know she's not dead yet, but it's like she is. She will only go downhill from now on, she's too sick, brother. I wish I could have known her better; I spoke rarely to her during my teen years and now I regret that. If I cared a little more, I will have more to write in my novel.

How long have you not see her? Really? How in hell can you find the time to visit her every Thursday? You're too special, brother. Me? I think it's been almost a year, but I spoke to her on the phone maybe two weeks ago, I don't remember. When we phone each other (it happens not that often) she likes to know if I'm still with Natalia and what she's up to now, how she's behaving and so on. She doesn't care about me at all: she doesn't ask me about college, my writings or about everything else in world. Only Natalia, Natalia, Natalia. She's amazing, I know, but she's not her daughter, I am! ... Please, don't laugh, that was so stupid. I'm not a girl, ok?

I'm going to light up another cigarette and bring a beer. Do you want something, party-boy? Sure? Ok, nevermind, I will party on my own!

If you think about it, it was mom that introduced me to Natalia, so it makes sense. I don't know, maybe I'm just drunk... Yeah, Natalia was one of the "little fashion refugees" from mom's shelter. I used to mocked Natalia a lot about her modelings. How weird you didn't know that...Really? I've never told you about how I met Natalia? It's unbelievable! So, where to start... Did you remember when I spent a night in fucking jail because of the "driving under the influence" ticket I got? When was it, like 5 years ago, I suppose... Yeah, so I had to be tested every two weeks for six months for drug abuse: I had to piss in a little jug with a guy watching me doing that (the long eye of fucking justice).

In that period mom was doing charity and she was really into the cycle of "I want to help young starving aspiring models, like I was centuries ago, to break the chains of the fashion industry" (aka stop doing drugs, eat what you want because you are beautiful no matter which size of jeans you wear, bla bla bla). As you surely recall, she bought a house and she filled it with a couple of poor little angels (she said to me "hands off" as soon as she informed me about the openings) and she hired some therapists and nurses to take care of them. She spent a lot of times with the girls, maybe because they recalled her about her younger years.

That beer went down easy on me, almost finished it! So, I had to take that fucking test and also mom was going to the same facilty to test the girls, so she decided that I MUST come with her and her girls. I couldn't be happier: I tried for a long time to sneak in that house, where the models were imprisoned for months and couldn't get a sniff of a man for a long time. Here I was, in mom's van with three girls: Natalia, Dolores and a punk girl I don't remember the name. Behind the steering wheel there was mom, so you can understand how fearful I was. A moment before we were having an amazing breakfast with OJ, tea, coffee and nothing to eat (to avoid errors in the test), and the moment after we were running 120 mph to the clinic, missing other cars by this much, all of us with full bladders, naturally. Yeah, for this kind of stuff you need to have the bladder as full as possible, skipping the morning pee.

It was a typical summer sunny day in town: air was so dry that your hair could catch fire, the asphalt was boiling and the dogs were panting on the porch. Mom decided to please us putting the AC in the car on HIGH: we were freezing , but mom seemed fine. You know her, she's a real lady: she can behave in a way in which none can tell what's thinking about or how she feels. Dolores was shivering and bobbing up and down in the car, trying to cover her knees withe her small summer blue see-through dress: her feet were dangling in flip-flops unceasingly and... Yeah, we were talking about Natalia, sorry. But at first I really wanted to impress with my charm that little Dutch girl, so cute and blonde, irresisteble.

Natalia got off the van first when we arrived, her dark skin shining in the sun: I remember she crossed her legs as soon as her sandal reached the pavement. It was funny that her nipples under the camisole she was wearing were still hard despite the heat. She was really bursting, just like me, but the one that was on the brink of peeing was the punk girl. Her leather jacket was too much for the weather (just like dad used to say "dress for the weather"), I bet she was sweating like crazy, but her perfectly round yoga pants covered ass was shaking around in a sexy way. Ok, maybe I need to stop focusing on parts of the story you can't appreciate...

As usual, we were asked to remain seated in a totally white room with a boring nurse controlling us and a totally inappropiate relaxing ambient music

. I chatted a lot with the girls, especially Dolores, but they were distracted by the amount of urine trying to escape their bodies, I think. I was in the same situation, but I tried to hold on as long as I could, squeezeing my dick in my cargo pants pocket. Mom, seeing the girls too tensed, told all of us a story about her pregnancy: she said that she were always like we were in that moment, needing to pee all the time because "my two twin God's gifts had fun pushing my bladder". When she started telling us about that one time she peed herself waiting for her car to be cleaned, the punk girl stopped her. "Miss, you know that to me you are like a mom, and I don't want to be disrespectful, but I'm nearly crying to hold on, so please, can we change subject?" she said.

In that moment I got called to take the test (aka to pee) and I got up, walking few steps per time to avoid peeing myself in front of the girls. A doctor observed me relieve a little pressure in a very small container in his office and then stopped me. "Please, go to the toilet to finish up". I quickly dressed myself and ran to the toilet, where I saw mom knocking on the closed door. "I asked to use the loo and that rude nurse got me here" she said. I told her I was really desperate and asked her if I could cut her, but she reminded me that I need to be a gentleman, especially with my mother. I couldn't disagree, so I tried to held on, when...

Where did you read this crap, brother? "Chain-smoking gives you an higher possibility to develop lungs' cancer". Jesus Christ, I'm trying to enjoy the evening and you need to be like this, fuck!

... Natalia entered the bathroom, with her shorts unbuttoned and her pink thong exposed, marching on the spot. "Bloody hell, hope that's not a line!" she said. "Yes, my dear, sorry but..." mom was interrupted by the sound of the door lock opening. She dashed in and left us in an awkward silence, letting out the old man that was on the toilet before mom and trying to not be too suspicious about our need. In the meantime we heard mom's relieving: it seemed like a waterfall, but the bathroom's echo was upgrading the noise in way we didn't like at all.

I turned to Natalia to say her that I really needed the loo, no way I was going to let her in first, when I saw her removing her short and panties, threw them on top of a shelf and pissing full-force on the drain on the floor, a foot against the entrance door to keep it shut. I was shocked and so aroused to see her half naked. "I think I will join you" I said, joking, while starting to pee on the sink. She laughed, I laughed, someone banged on the door, but we had not finished.

As soon as Natalia got up from the floor, shivering from the relief, Dolores entered the room, an hand up her dress and her pussy held tight with her left hand. Seeing us in this situation was too much for poor Dolores and urine started spurting out her crotch whilst her eyes filled up with tears. She peed herself completely, like a river along her legs and througth her toes. It lasted at least 30 seconds, during which Natalia and I recomposed ouselves and watched in horror Dolores disgracing herself.

When mom got out the toilet Dolores hugged her desperately, crying. Mom, being the kind person she was (she is, ok), tried to comfort her, brushing her hairs with the fingers.We returned all to the main room. where we discovered that the punk girl... Alice, maybe that's her name, I can't remember, didn't even make it to the doctor's room: the poor girl peed herself in the waiting room, ruining her yoga pants. She was shouting and swearing at the nurse for not letting her go to the toilet in time and...

Yeah, that's the story on how I met Natalia. Since that "incident", we chatted a lot and then we get along so well. In the end I helped her escaping mom's "prison" and you know the rest. By the way, I kept in contact also with Dolores: in fact I dated also her for a couple of months... ouch! That punch was not necessary. Yes, i LOVE Natalia but...

Wait, I recieved a message from Natalia. She seems worried, maybe I should call her...

The next chapter will focus on the house, with all the inhabitants, the present and the past ones. As the past one, I refer to the girl that left the house to take care of the mother: please help me with suggestions about this new girl. Suggest me an actress (from 20 to 30 years old) and a name for the new character and I'll see what I can do. Thank for reading everyone, hope you enjoyed!

*012*2018-01-18 21:48

{{10 minutes ago, largebio said:

Loved the chapter! Great how some make it and some don’t

}}

Thank you! Any suggestion for the new character? :)

*014*2018-01-18 22:07

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great chapter

}}

Thank you! Any suggestion for the new character? :)

*016*2018-01-27 13:14

To anyone interested in this thread: really sorry to post this note, but I want to apologize because the fiction-writing is so slow.

I'm really busy with exams, girlfriend, house and work, not to mention other non-omorashi writings and drawings stuff I'm taking care of (I started my own children book and it requires more time than I thought).

I'm going to be fully operative in a week or so, with two new chapter I'm working on.

If anyone have ant suggestions, it'll make my "job" easier :)

Thanks everyone!

*017*2018-02-01 16:06

I'm sorry to announce to largebio that in this new chapter I couldn't fit the new Jennifer Lawrence-based character. Sorry, it couldn't fit with the plot, but she will appear in the next chapter. I have to ask you to apologize me also because I changed your character's name in Lara from Laura, because Laura is the name of my girlfriend and that was weird to me, sorry.

Please enjoy the new chapter. Any suggestion and comment is very welcome!

- 3.A -

Sent from Nat at 03.12 AM



Dont call me, k? Just txt

Sent from me at 03.12 AM

It’s easier to explain if we can speak, just pick up the phone!

Sent from Nat at 03.13 AM

Just txt busy please quick

Sent from me at 03.14 AM

Ok, I think it is in the drawer near the kitchen, but I’m not sure. Why?

Sent from Nat at 03.15 AM

Shit! Really?

Sent from Nat at 03.15 AM

Stop calling

Sent from me at 03.15 AM

Yeah, why?

Sent from Nat at 03.16 AM

How can I get in now? I need to get in NOW!

Sent from me at 03.16 AM

I don’t know, sorry…

Sent from Nat at 03.16 AM

Who in Earth keep the house’s spare key inside the house?

Sent from me at 03.17 AM

I already said I’m sorry. But where are your keys? Did you lost them?

Sent from Nat at 03.17 AM

No, left them in room

Sent from Nat at 03.18 AM

Fuck!

Sent from me at 03.18 AM

What?

Sent from me at 03.20 AM

Are you drunk? Are you OK?

Sent from Nat at 03.21 AM

STFU I peed myself fuck shit

Sent from Nat at 03.21 AM

Call me

(Ring…)

No, I’m not crying… (sigh) Please don’t worry, I just needed to get in, I was desperate to the toilet and unfortunately I couldn’t wait. I tried my best but in the end I couldn’t really hold on any longer. I tried to crouch behind the fence, but this mother-fucker romper wouldn’t open; yeah, the fly was stuck or something and I ended up soiling my panties, legs, feet, everything. Fuck, don’t dare to laugh! Odile told us everything about your nearly-wetting scene in the bathroom… me and Erika, us. So just shut up! I bet you’re not smiling anymore…

By the way, I need to talk you about something important… I know you’re with your brother now but… I’m not drunk, stop asking!

I haven’t told Erika yet, but I’m sure she will be on my side, she always is. You MUST agree with me that Odile needs to move out of the house. Yes, you heard correctly. Just let me explain and don’t interrupt me, ok?

Tonight at the hospital I saw… Yeah, we were having fun and stuff, but… No, I’m fine, but…

It’s better if I explain everything to you from the start.

So, in the afternoon Odile proposed to me and Erika to go out in the evening saying “girls night”, “my treat” and “elegant dresses”. Since we didn’t planned anything for the night, we said yes, hoping in using Odile’s dad credit card to drink, a lot. But she wanted to do big stuff so she obliged us on having also dinner together, in a restaurant near the golf club. We sure didn't say no!

Odile made us wear our best attire, because “there is a dress code, didn’t you know?”. God, that girl makes my nerves explode sometimes… However, I was wearing the white romper that I wore at your brother’s birthday last year with a pair of heels… yeah, the one that’s backless, that one. Erika borrowed my light blue dress – she insisted a lot, so I let her have it for the night (big mistake!) – and her peep toe high heels. The dress was a little short on her, because she’s taller than me, but still she was beautiful.

While we were putting our make-up on, Odile came by like a vulture, only wearing bra and panties

, checking us and commeting our outfits. She especially insisted on my choice of footwear for the night, making me changing again and again.

“Your skin colour is so… peculiar” she said to me. I don’t know yet if that comment was kind of racist or what, but she was going to pay for everything for the night so I fake-smiled and thanked her.

While we were waiting for the Uber Black to take us to the restaurant, Odile quickly wore a quarz rose little dress – more like a barely-crotch-hiding camisole – and very high heels. As soon as the car approched our driveway, she started running towards it (incredibly she didn’t fall from those impossible heels) and made us leave the house in such a rush that I forgot the keys in my room (who’s fault?) and Erika mumbled something about the toilet.

In the drive to the restaurant, Odile never stopped saying us that she was glad to have a girl’s night out, how graceful Erika was – she even touched her hair for a very long time, like three Mississippi – and so on. In my opinion, she was too much enthusiast, like she never had a friend in her life, which we know it isn’t true.

Nevertheless, we arrived at the restaurant at the sunset. The waiter accompanied us to our reserved table, where we sat like this: Erika sat next to me and in front of us, in the center of her side, Odile, so she could “speak to us while facing us directly” (she said that winking). As we seated, a bottle of Champagne was uncorked by the sommelier: I didn’t even heard anyone order it, but still…

Yeah, I’m arriving to my point. Just listen to me and don’t interrupt me anymore. So, I was saying… I lost my concentration, dammit!

We chatted and laughed and chatted again and, before the band finished playing the first ambient/soul song

, we drank the whole bottle. I saw Erika’s cheeks flushing bad: she was starting to get drunk. Honestly, I was in the same situation. Odile was fine, with her porcelain skin and not a single sign of drunkness. She spoke about her sister coming to town for work-related stuff in the next future, I don't remember...

The waiter arrived and Erika exploded in a silly laugh like he said somethig funny. In that moment I saw her hands flying to her crotch, lifting my dress and pressing hard. I thought Odile saw that too, because she gasped loudly.

While I was trying to recover Erika and convice her to go to the toilet before it was too late, Odile ordered (in French) foods for all of us, plus an extra bottle of wine. Erika was determinated to remain seated and have “some more fun” before heading to the loo. That was when Odile started asking about you and Lara.

“The girl that lived in my room before me was named Lara, correct?” she asked, recieving a full flûte of Champagne from the sommelier; she then drank it slowly staring into our roomate’s blue eyes.

“Yes, she’s Natalia best friend” answered a red-faced Erika. “She left the house because her mother got lungs’ cancer and needed some help. Poor old lady!”

The noise of Erika’s legs jiggling up and down made me watch her in the crotch area: she was pushing her pink lace panties up her groin, almost showing off to anyone’s passing. Silly Erika, doing the same things since we were little girls! I tried to made her stop acting so dumb, but she refused; she was seriously drunk and drinking even more, concentrated only on Odile freckles.

On the opposite side of the table, Odile asked about a relationship between you and Lara… Yeah, right! In that moment I didn’t know why you were in her mind, but then it became crystal clear. Don’t worry, you’ll see.

No, I’m fine. I’m on the patio’s couch, resting my feet on a chair. My legs are a bit cold, I’m not entirely dry yet. Yes, just the crotch area, especially my panties...

However, I remarked her that you and I were a couple for a long time and Lara was just a friend to you. She said something like “I didn’t know that you were together…” and bit her lips in a malicious way.

In that moment I felt her feet on my left knee, trying to raise up my leg. I really felt her toes touching my thigh when… Oh, don’t get too excited! I stopped her at the very start. I moved quickly, almost shouting “what the hell, Odile!”.

She didn’t even listened to me, because she was concentrated in caressing Erika’s pussy with her bare sole. I couldn’t keep from watching them. It was surreal and it happened so fast that I didn’t even realised it. I was in some kind of shock… Suddenly, Erika moaned so loud that a lady from the table near us turned her head. It was so embarassing!

Odile stopped immediately, afraid of being caught, and smiled to us. I was still shocked, while Erika was… well, aroused.

Please, don’t interrupt me!!!

Alcohol was still pouring and our roomates decided it was time to “finish up the bottle and goes somewhere else to be more free”. That was a bad idea: Erika was not entirely sober (drunk, not still reacting), while Odile was really really wasted! She couldn’t keep still in her seat, wriggled around so much and started to slob. Her aplomb was completely lost…

It was time to take over the control of the night. I paid the restaurant (I just said to put it all on Odile’s check and they did that!) and booked an Uber Black with Odile’s phone to go home as fast as we could. We waited on the sidewalk for 15 minutes (it was really late) in a drunken state like we were some dirty hobos!

In her drunkness, Odile tried to light up a cigarette but couldn’t keep her lighter steady and nearly burned her hair. I had to keep her by the shoulders and mantain her on her feet, otherwise she would have fallen. She talked to me in French, speaking a lot of words that were non-sense for me. The worst part was that my bladder was starting to ache, reminding me about the presence of expensive Champagne in my body.

Erika was not feeling any better: she had the role of “shoes-carer” as she was carring our shoes, all in one hand, while the other one was pushing her panties up her belly to hold it in, flashing random people on the street. She couldn’t stand still, but was shifting her legs up and down like a marching marionette. She was clearly desperate to wee, but again she refused to go back into the restaurant to relieve herself.

Suddenly, Odile looked into my eyes and whispered “Je pisse”, smiling. Initially I didn’t understand, but as I saw a trickle wetting the pavement between her feet, and that trickle becoming stronger and stronger, forming a river across the sidewalk, I understood. I don’t know why, but I got really afraid or maybe I was still shocked, so I let her shoulders free and she fell. Yeah, she fell and her head hit the ground badly.

No, she’s fine, no broken skull, anything. But in that moment she fainted: that’s why we went to the hospital. I felt really guilty that I started crying and Erika, being a nurse, helped her how she could, still holding her crotch. Then our Uber Black arrived.

The driver insisted on putting Odile down on the backseats and Erika (still drunk) directed the operation standing beside her, touching her head and feeling her pulse (I think…) in the neck and on the arms. She opened her eyes and tried to flash them with the phone’s torch, but I don’t really know if the results were positive.

The absurdity of the situation was even greater seeing the girls with their dresses lifted up, Erika showing her ass and her thong to the driver, who was nonchalantly driving at a very fast pace to get to the hospital as quickly as he could. I was sitting beside him, crossing and uncrossing my legs to help my poor swollen bladder, worried sick of having killed my roomate.

Erika was relieved when Odile puked on my dress, the one she was wearing. It was a sign of her body trying to eliminate the excess of alcohol in the system, but my poor dress… I know, you’re right. I remember I thought “my dress is completely ruined”. By the way, I spoke to the driver saying we will pay him back for the cleanings. Better, Odile's dad will pay him back!

I was facing Erika for the whole time of the drive. Suddenly, while helping Odile to puke, Erika’s panties got really damp and I realized that she was pissing herself. Her face got an expression of pure relief and the noise of the piss pouring out of her was covered by the car’s noises and Odile’s puking. She peed for about a minute, I think: I bet she was really desperate. Her legs were wet and they shined from the lights of passing lampposts: it was almost poetic, if it wasn't disgusting!

As soon as we arrived at the E.R., Erika sprinted inside, still barefeet and with my dress lifted, asking help for Odile. A strechter came by the car and she helped the paramedics to put Odile on. They then ran inside and I dealed with the driver.

Listen to me! Don’t. Interrupt. Me. Ever. Again.

Obviously, that isn’t the reason for kicking Odile out! I don’t care if she can’t deal with alcohol! She’s 19, naturally she doesn’t know her limits! If you let me speak I can tell you why she can’t live with us anymore.

After that I went inside, rushing for the bathroom, as I was really desperate to wee. I spotted the nearest loo to the entrance and ran into it: naturally there was a line. So I waited in line for a bit, but I really needed to go so I decided to find another one.

As I was opening the door to exit that crowded toilet, a person was entering and we crashed together. I fell on the ground and when I got up I faced around to see who the other person was. That was the moment when I saw Dolores…

*020*2018-02-02 07:52

Should I add male desperation and/or wetting with a new male character in the next chapter? The position is still open and I'm interested in hearing what you want...

If this question will remain unanswered, I'll go with a whole female cast.

Thank you!

*021*2018-02-03 16:59

A new chapter! Wow, I didn't think of writing so much, but here we are! I hope largebio will be satisfied about the new character, Lara, as I am. This time I decided to put the pics' links for the character directly in the text. Anyway, in the end I will recap the cast. Enjoy!

- 3.B -

Dolores!

Do you remember her? It’s been almost – I don’t know – like THIS many years since I didn’t see her! Yes, I know you can’t see my hands on the telephone. Long time, for sure! I can’t even remember when I saw her for the last time: I think it was when I left the “Cottage” with you, escaping that beautiful shelter after you convinced me using words like “freewill”, that I could be strong enough to “don’t risk to overdose anymore” and bullshit like that! You’re such a twat!

Yes, you are! Imagine the consequences of my return into the real world after being supervised for an entire year! Thank God I was so strong and I didn’t take anything, but nicotine. In my defense, we were a couple and you smoke like a chimney, so I couldn’t stand longer before… Yeah, because I have such a strong willpower and Lara helped me a lot and… No, you didn’t have any right on pulling that move on me. And you really aren’t helpful at all during that time! Listen, …

(voice moves away)

Anees, little mama boy! Don’t worry, mama is going to enter the house! Little cutie pie, please, don’t do that! Don’t put your paws on the window, you’re going to stain it! Good little kitty!

Sorry, Anees feels that I’m here but I can’t go in. Poor little creature! No, I already said I’m not drunk!

Anyway, I was telling you about Dolores and why Odile can’t live with us anymore. So, when I got up from the floor I realized that the person I crashed on was Dolores, so I blinked. Yes, I blinked for the shock (and maybe also because I was still a little drunk). I suppose she noticed that I was lost in my mind, trying to recall the last time we saw each other or God knows what, so she smiled me and hugged me tight.

We were in the entrance of the E.R. waiting room’s toilet, crossing our legs to stand still and hugging each other: it was so weird! Even stranger was the fact that I felt her hair between my fingers and her rocking hard abs on my stomach, her silky cheeks on mine. It was too familiar to me... Her bad habit of going around almost naked didn’t pass: she was wearing a pair of see-throught black yoga pants and a crop top

, almost covering her breast; on her feet she had only a pair of flip-flops. Was she coming from the gym? So weird!

Then I got angry. Yeah, you heard well. Because in the middle of the hug I realized that she was STILL wearing that bloody perfume! Yeah, the one that made us meet and… Wait, have I never told you about it? Impossible! Where do you think my money comes from? Really? Are you really so dumb?

NO! Don’t try to make me feel bad because I “didn’t tell you anything”. That’s not true! I used to tell you everything but you mocked me a lot about my modelings that I wasn’t comfortable anymore… Whatever! You can’t mock me no more, right? So, I think I can explain you how Dolores, Lara and I met.

One of my first real experience in the modeling’s world was for a vast advertising campaign: the Italian fashion brand Sotterfugi was launching their perfume line, N. 112. The slogan was something like “Only women knows what women wants”, but in italian. So lame!

Among the hunderds of aspiring models trying to be chosen for the role of testimonials, Dolores and I were the lucky ones. It was not easy: we had to survive three different auditions and a lot of different casting calls, signing lots of papers and contracts. There were plenty of legal loopholes about the secrecy of the campaign and so on; they were afraid of industrial espionage and that their “fashion enemy industries” were trying to ruin the launch of this new product.

However, at the time I was 17 years old and Dolores 15, so we were underage. During the interviews I lied about my age to have more chances to be signed up, saying that I was just over 18. But Dolores didn’t know that, at all: it was her first experience ever and, from what I understood, the fashion agency was firmly convinced on choosing her for the ads. So they had to figure out a way to have a legal tutor/agent for this new naïve Dutch girl: who was better for that role than her 19 years old natural sister, Lara?

Finally the day of the shooting arrived. The agency sent their trustwhorty photographer, Agata Crisalide

(who didn’t speak a word of English) and a rep to control that everything was safe and sound, Clara (I can’t remember her surname)

. These were the people working on the set, except the guys and girls on make-up, lights and so on, but they all left when we started shooting: Clara remarked us that they were unaware of what we were doing. The secret had to remain a secret!

My voice is not shaking. What a fervid immagination! I’m perfectly fine, just a little cold, but I’m covering my legs and feet with the checked blanket that we keep in the patio.

I met Dolores and Lara

Just before entering the make-up room. Dolores was so anxious that Lara had to keep her hand while the girls put the make-up on her. I wasn’t so calm either: it was my big opportunity to became someone in the fashion shows’ world, so I try to focus hard on “not ruin everything”.

“First time for you too, am I right?” Lara asked with a smile. Her dazzling white teeth made me feel inadequate: why this illustrious Italian brand wanted me, a black-like-licorice girl

, to promote their new perfume? It made no sense to me in that moment, but I figured it out later.

We chatted a bit about how I grew up with my parents and why they were not there. Dolores didn’t say anything for a long time: her shyness plus the first-time-on-a-set anxiety were killing her. Suddenly, she started speaking about why her and her sister were there. Unfortunately, their mother had lungs’ cancer and the treatments were very expensive, so they tried their best on saving money for almost 6 months (since the diagnosis), but it wasn’t enough. Lara even stopped paying her university taxes, so she was dropped out of odontology school. It was a sad story…

I’m arriving to the point, just shut up and listen!

So, we entered the set with only our bra and panties on, like it was written on the instructions: we were really embarassed on being watched almost naked, but soon we regretted that feeling. Standing near her younger sister, Lara pulled her jeans and t-shirt off, revealing a black lace thong and a matched bra, to help us overcome our embarassment! Yeah, you know her, she’s always smiling and happy and available to help you when you need her!

Clara approched us and, after asking Lara why she was almost naked too, directed us on standing in front of this big white plain wall, waiting Agata to be ready. In that moment, like she heard she was called, Agata entered the room, wearing a Japanese school girl’s uniform, nothing on her feet, with a cigarette on her mouth, carring a bottle of Grappa (an Italian liquor) and little glasses for all of us.

Crazy, right? Listen more!

Following this loony entrance, Clara explained that Agata wanted to “break the nerves” on set in purpouse of having a more relaxed performance from us. So we started drinking shots of Grappa with Agata, who was chain-smoking in the meantime. It was incredible how that woman could smoke: she had the ability of having a cigarette always between her lips, but I never saw her using a lighter or a match. Anyway, Agata, using her privileged position of “everyone in the room’s boss”, forced also Clara and Lara to drink, to keep us company.

Initially Lara was a little disappointed on doing that – I saw that – but noticing her little sister’s shivers from the liquor’s taste and almost crying, she joined us, making toasts to eveything she could imagine, cheering us a lot! Contrariwise, Clara insisted like hell on not drinking, reclaiming that her role for the company would be compromised if anyone would get to know that she drinks while working and so on. In the end, she drank three shots in a row, while Agata poured us more and more Grappa.

(voice moves away)

Anees, little ball of fur, mommy is here, don’t worry! (smooch sounds)

Feeling dizzy and seeing the room spinning around, we recieved instructions from Agata via Clara slobbing voice: it was really simple, we just needed to get naked, approching each other from the opposite sides of the room, slowly, and started kissing. Yeah! Naked! Yes, completely naked!

Darling, I hear you’re typing hard on your screen: you can’t find this tape anywhere, nor YouTube, neither the entire web. It was removed so fast that even Beep Beep stayed behind. Sorry, darling…

However, it was crazy, but we had signed a contract and we needed that money, so Agata started shooting while being insulted by a very upset and quite drunk Lara. “That was not what we were expecting, they’re underage, you can’t show people that, bla bla bla”. Agata started with the TV ads shoot, while the photos for the magazines were postponed to later.

It was very difficult to remain concentrated on that set:

Lara was shouting to Agata, who was ignoring her and reminding her to speak to Clara, who was shouting too but to try to calm Lara down, uselessly; Then Lara proceeded to shout on the phone in Dutch with her parents, I think, to explain the situation; Agata was using her hands to put the camera in different angles, directing us and adjusting her self-lifting little skirt (while revealing that she wasn’t wearing any underwear); Dolores exploded in powerful laughs like a dozen times when we needed to start kissing, ruining every single shot, due to her drunkness; My bladder spasmed so hard that I had to remained crossed legs while waiting to set everything up for a new shoot.

Meanwhile, drinks were being poured and everyone of us drank more and more: someone for the stress of being the tutor of her younger sister and the only person reasonable enough in a very problematic family; someone for the stress of working in an impossible situation, with a crazy lesbian photographer who was more concentrated on trying to hit on her than on doing her job; someone for the fun they were having, being a “model” and “kissing another girl”, feeling nasty and adults; someone else just because she was a bloody cuckoo. After what it seemed four hours, the 22 seconds TV ad was shot right, according to Agata. The music for the ad

Looped in the room for the whole time and remained in my head for weeks. Lara had calmed down a lot, pacing back and forth the room to try to control the set and not wanting to leave her little sister and me alone. I remember her bare feet shifting up and down, hypnotizing my eyes for the repetitive movements (I have to admit I was drunk enought to be easily distracted).

Dolores was almost bent in half, with her legs crossed and her toes tapping the ground, while seated in a folding chair. My legs were not only crossed, but double-crossed. An arm to cover my breast, an hand on my crotch, I was hoping to finish this session quickly, to use the loo. I think that Agata was hoping the same: her hips were shaking while assesting the lights and the camera, her ass shaking.

The bottle of Grappa lied on the floor, near an almost naked wasted Clara, who became aware of her needs when it was too late. An hissing sound waked me from my hypnosis and I saw Clara trying to pull her panties aside, battling with her skirt, while releasing a torrent of urine. She lost her battle in few seconds, it was too much for her. Her face became numb and her eyes reached ecstasy. A lake was forming between her thighs and feet, soaking her bottom and even reaching her hair.

That was the moment when everyone rushed out of the room, trying to reach the loo first. Dolores, Lara and I ran to the only toilet in the set to discover it was just a long corridor with a closed stall and two urinals on the opposite side of the room. While Dolores slipped on the floor, Lara reached the locked stall, but she couldn’t get in, obviously. I decided I couldn’t really hold it any longer, so I approched the urinal, opened my legs and directed my pee stream to that nasty porcelain bowl.

You know that I can pee standing up no problem, but that time was my first time. Shameless, I peed a little on my legs and that went down to my left feet. I felt so relieved to finally have freed my bladder that I didn’t care at all. It lasted long and little drops rebounded back at me, hitting my stomach and my groin. It was disgusting, but again I didn’t care!

Then a noise called my attention: I turned my head to the right to see a whining Dolores aiming for the urinal. I must say her aim wasn’t good enough to make her stream hit the bowl, but she tried so hard she almost made it. Poor little girl, she totally soiled herself: her toes splashed on the puddle she was forming underneath her, like a reverse fountain. Tears covered her beautiful eyes, but she moaned so bad that it felt like she came.

Behind us an exasperated Lara was waiting her turn to the urinal, hopping aroung and pushing her thong up almost to her belly button. She was sweating and cursing in Dutch, later she explained me, trying to control herself as best as she could. I was almost finished, as to free the place for her, when she went silent and the dam broke. First a wet stain apperead on her thong, then a tiny stream emerged from her pussy lips, finally it became a strong powerful stream of trumbling urine, hitting the floor full-force. Lara’s face turned red and took an expression of relief that reminded me the face I had just moments before. Her panties were ruined!

There was nothing to do, so I left that disgusting place to the two Dutch sisters and came back to Agata. I was faltering, holding myself to the walls. When I arrived in the set room, Agata was kissing deeply Clara, hugging her, touching her, in a very sexual way. She got on top of her, lifted her dress and peed on her chest when…

Yeah, ok! Maybe too much information for you, Mr. Squeamish!

In the end, the ad went on TV just one time, because the authorities found out pretty soon that we were underage at the time of the shooting. They said they recieved an anonymous call with lots of information about Dolores and me. I think Lara called, but she never said anything to me about it. She just convinced me to gather some strenght and join her family on suing the Italian atelier for “pedopornography”, despite in the ad you can’t see our genitals, just a glimpse of nipples.

Obviously we won and we recieved a lot of money. I couldn’t touch that money for years, because Lara was my legal tutor as well. She insisted so much, so I let her did that. After my overdose and after entering your mom’s “Cottage”, after becaming roomates and being helped by her, I could use that money. It was then that I decided to study Maths at the university. And in just one month I will graduate and…

Yeah, you’re right! You want to know why Odile can’t live with us anymore. So, I was hugging Dolores…

Natalia = Jade Eshete

Dolores = Elle Fanning

Lara = Jennifer Lawrence

Agata = Asia Argento

Clara = Claire Foy

*024*2018-02-04 09:34

{{13 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

{{9 hours ago, largebio said:

Again an amazing chapter. Well done!

}}

Thank you so much again! I really appreciate your good words in every new chapter and that makes me happy to continue writing :)

