Overactive

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-01-03 22:15

Rachael's friends play this terrible joke where they don't let her use the restroom. They think it's funny because she has such a small bladder capacity and needs unusually frequent trips to the toilet. It's resulted in numerous accidents, but unrelatedly, wet pants weren't an entirely unknown thing to Rachael's life. They were embarrassing when they happened, and she did everything in her control to prevent them, but she still kept a spare pair of shorts and underwear in her car and in her backpack just in case.

She woke up one morning seriously busting to piss. A lot of her friends spent the night and wouldn't let her out of the room when she was trying to go, so she just went to sleep with an ache and hoped she'd wake up dry. Luckily she did, but now she had to pee so bad she felt like she was going to explode. She squeezed herself with one hand as she carefully stepped around her friends sleeping bodies, pressing her thighs together in desperation as she quietly opened the door and slipped out.

"Oohhh..." she moaned, rushing down the hall. In front of her, her little sister walked out of the bathroom, immediately spotting her sister's state.

"Rachael can't go potty!" her little sister jeered, wrapping her arms and legs around her leg and hanging on so she could hardly move.

"Riley, please! It's gonna come out!" she gripped her crotch as she tried to shake her off. "It's gonna get on you if I pee myself, you know that, right?"

"Rachael can't go potty!" she repeated. Rachael hated her friends right now. It's definitely where she learned this. She was lunging forward and jerking her butt around, frantically doing everything she could to keep herself from letting it out. She had to pee really, really badly.

A spurt came out and saturated a spot on the crotch of her shorts. She felt the warmth under her squeezing fingers. "It's coming out! It's coming out!" she stuttered, thoroughly alarmed. Her sister promptly released her and ran away, leaving her miserably desperate sister crossing her legs, gripping herself with all her strength and trembling, unable to move without peeing.

"Mmmf! Ohh..."

The discomfort was agonizing. She forced herself to take another couple of steps towards the toilet, which was less than ten feet away. Her urethra filled with liquid, precariously held inside her body by her fingers, which dug into her privates so hard it hurt. Her overfull bladder hurt, too. She made the decision to book it, pissing full force into her underwear as soon as she started, a dark patch reaching the cuff of her shorts and glistening dribbles running down her thighs before she even got in the bathroom. She made a path of small puddles before jumping onto the toilet and pissing herself, liquid drenching her crotch and butt and splattering into the bowl. She had a routine for this. As soon as she was done, she pulled her shorts off and twisted the excess saturation over the toilet. As she put them in the sink ready to run the water over them, a realization hit her. How was she going to change into something dry with all those people in her room??

Rachael cringed as she pulled on her soiled clothes, still warm. She cracked the door open and peeked out, making sure the coast was clear, before quietly rushing out and going into her parents room to find something of her moms.

*002*2022-01-06 22:09

Rachael got up one day wriggling her usual morning pee dance, stepping in place and gyrating her ass as she pulled off her pajamas and put on black jeans and a t-shirt. She lightly held herself as she briskly walked to the bathroom, gently urinating as soon as she sat down, soon intensifying to a hissing jet.

She checked her phone while she voided her bladder. U still comin 2day? her friend Gladys had texted. Ofc she sent back. 12:00 rite?

Ye ye. Be there!

She wiped and put on a pad, though she wasn't on her period, and checked the time. It was already 11:00. She got ready and took another precautionary piss before she left, a short dribble and leak from a bladder that wasn't yet complaining, then drove to her friend's house. She'd be carpooling in Gladys's car with Trinity and Sabrina, neither of which were there when she got there.

"Thanks for being on time. They're always late to everything," Gladys complained as she grabbed a drink from her fridge. "Do you want something? A coke or a sweet tea?"

"I like sweet tea," Rachael accepted, draining it within minutes.

As soon as the other girls got there, the left for the movie theater. "Are we even going to make it?" Gladys asked, "it starts in like five minutes."

"It'll be fine!" Trinity replied, "we'll just miss the boring ass previews."

"I like the previews!"

Rachael felt an inkling of an urge to urinate in the car, but didn't feel the opportunity to bring it up as they ran dramatically through the movie theater after getting their snacks and drinks, trying to make sure they didn't miss too much. They entered the theater during the first scene. She squirmed in her seat for about five minutes before speaking up.

"Will you go to the bathroom with me?" she asked Trinity, who sat to her right. She turned to the other girls. "Rachael has to pee already!" They laughed in response, and Rachael didn't get an answer. Twenty more minutes and she was frequently shifting in her seat, pulling on the button of her tight jeans to keep it from squishing her full, tender bladder. She caught herself absentmindedly drinking from her medium soda and realized it was already 1/3 of the way gone. She couldn't be doing that right now, not if she wanted to keep dry. She turned to Trinity again.

"Please go to the bathroom with me, I really don't want to go by myself!" she whispered.

"Just hold it until the end of the movie," she said.

"I can't!"

"You can! I promise you if you try you can."

"You know I can't..." Rachael mumbled, burning with frustration.

Five more minutes later and the squirming was constant. Her kidneys were filling her bladder at a breakneck speed. The poor girl was really uncomfortable, unable to pay attention to the movie anymore. She crossed her legs tightly and discreetly pressed her fingertips into her crotch, scooting her butt around trying to keep it in. The desperate girl knew she didn't have much longer to wait, her only real option was to either go by herself or keep asking periodically and hope one of these times her friend would accompany her.

"Trinity please," she begged, squeezing her privates and feeling like she was about to leak.

"I'll go with you at a boring part, okay?" she said, annoyed. A boring part? What does that mean?

Pretty soon, it started hurting a little bit, particularly the constricting effect of the waistband. Rachael was really bursting to go; it was all she could think about! That and the anxiety of possibly not making it to the toilet at this point.

Ten minutes later and she was unbearably desperate. She rubbed her fingers into her crotch, changing her sitting position every couple of seconds. Her bladder was really, really full, aching to the point of constant, stabbing urgency.

"Is it- is it boring yet?" she whispered to Trinity.

"What?" was the reply. She couldn't take it anymore. She took off towards the exit, making sure to bring her bag.

She left the theater and looked in both directions, unable to decipher which direction the restrooms were in. She picked left, awkwardly and uncomfortably walking as fast as she could until she realized it was the wrong choice and turned around.

She spurted as she walked. The bursting girl managed to pick up the pace, even though every step was a brutal throb in her swollen, urine-filled organ. She came upon the bathrooms and her heart dropped. A queue of at least six people leading out of the doorway.

She got in place all the way at the back. If she could, she would have held still. But as it was, she was stepping around and shaking her hands at her sides, trying to keep from squeezing her privates even though it still happened at moments of weakness.

"Why don't you get in front of me, sweetheart?" asked the lady in front of her. "I can wait, you go ahead."

"T-thank you," she said, her face red as a tomato.

"Me too," said the next woman, stepping to the other side of her. The girl who was now in front of Rachael was bent forward, periodically jerking her thighs together. Not quite a match for the intensely desperate state Rachael found herself in, but she didn't expect the same kindness.

Rachael was dying. Her back teeth were swimming. She didn't mean to, but she let out a leak an had to grip her crotch with all her strength to make it stop. She filled her cheeks with air and held her breath, her screaming urge to micturate filling her head with crazy ideas, including running outside to pop a squat. At this point, it honestly wasn't that crazy, but she didn't trust her ability to make it there without peeing her pants, and then needing a place like the bathroom to change.

"Mmmph!" she squeaked and doubled over, dribbling a bit from her insanely overfilled bladder. She crossed her legs and squeezed even tighter trying to stop it, but it wouldn't. The pad she had put on for this exact situation was completely sodden. A constant leak, saturating the crotch of her underwear and, by proxy, her jeans. She felt the warmth slowly spreading down her thighs, liquid that overflowed from her underwear but hadn't been caught by the fabric of her pants dripping down her legs to her ankles. Despite her best efforts, the dribbling upgraded to a leak, then to an audible torrent, quickly soaking her pants and leaking out of her pant legs at the ankles.

"Ahh!-" cried the girl in front of her, squeezing herself as she watched the urine pool at Rachael's feet and spread like a river toward the drain on the floor. She wasn't sure if the outburst was from disgust or from the effort of holding in her own bladder at such a sight.

"Oh, poor thing!" the woman behind her said. "It happens to the best of us, don't let it get to you! Let her in that open stall!" she yelled to the person leaving it and all the people before her in line. Humiliated and beet red, she rushed over there, holding herself and still urinating forcefully, leaving a trail of piss behind her. She shut the door and locked it, sitting down on the toilet and pissing through her jeans as she unbuttoned them. Still going, she pulled them down the her ankles so she could pee in the toilet directly.

Someone held a pack of wet naps under the door. "These might help you get cleaned up. Don't touch them to your coochie!"

"T-thank you," she said, taking them as if she didn't already have a pack in her bag. Her bladder leaked the last of its contents and, without wiping yet, she pulled her jeans off completely. She wiped her legs down with the wipes, then with toilet paper, then pulled on the fresh pair of underwear and almost identical jeans she had packed for herself. She put the soiled clothes in a plastic bag, then tied her sweatshirt around her waist to make it look like she didn't have a change of clothes to the strangers who had seen her wet.

As soon as she opened the stall door, the desperate girl from before came busting in, whimpering and wincing. The door slammed behind Rachael as she walked away, followed immediately by the sound of forceful splattering.

She returned to the movie and her friends didn't know about that particular wetting.

*003*2022-01-16 19:43

There was lemonade and watermelon cubes put out at Rachael's friends house, leading her to soon be squirming in the lawn chair by the pool. She kept it to herself for a bit, having fun just hanging out with her group of friends, but it quickly became hard to ignore.

"I gotta pee," she announced, not quite comfortable enough at this house to go looking for the bathroom. She didn't even know where it was.

"Oh, man," Trinity giggled, the rest of her friends laughing along. The topic was immediately changed. She changed her sitting position every few seconds, pulling the front of her bikini bottoms away from her swollen bladder as often as she could without arousing suspicion of her level of desperation. Hopefully, if her friends didn't know how urgently she needed to empty herself, they'd be more inclined to casually direct her to relief rather than tease her into an accident.

"Where's your bathroom?" she asked, standing up. Trinity motioned to the swimming pool and laughed.

"Ew! You do that?" said Gladys.

"You're a liar if you say you don't do that," Trinity replied. A lighthearted argument ensued, and given how they weren't yet swimming, Rachael uncomfortably sat back down. Pretty soon, she was jiggling her legs and rocking back and forth, unable to hide how bad she needed to go.

"You okay?" her friend chuckled.

"I have to go bad," Rachael replied, wincing and wriggling her butt. Gladys reached over and squished Rachael's tummy, causing her to jump out of her seat and hold herself, doubled over. "Owww don't do that!" she whined, stepping back and forth. After a couple minutes, she sat back down, heel dug into her crotch.

As time dragged on and her body kept making urine at an uncomfortably fast pace, Rachael had one hand cradling her bursting bladder and one hand tightly squeezing her crotch. "Okay, I gotta go now," she said, standing up and rushing to the pool.

"Don't let her pee in the pool!" someone said. Trinity grabbed her leg as she was stepping over her.

"Let me go!" Rachael laughed, holding herself with the hand that wasn't pushing her friend away. She fell on her butt, jolting the body of urine inside her tight bladder, then squeezed herself with both hands when she felt like she was about to leak. "Ohhh, I have to pee so bad!" she moaned. She sat there desperately writhing for a while. Then, when she thought nobody was paying attention, she leapt up to bolt to relief. Trinity grabbed her by the ankle, continuing to cruelly deny what her body direly needed.

"Noo!!!" she squeaked, tugging away frantically. "I'm about to pee! I'm about... Oohh..." Liquid seeped out of her pussy, but it was quickly clenched inside her as her hands shot back to her crotch. Warmth saturated her crotch and butt, absorbing slowly into the fabric of her bathing suit. She fell on her butt again, jamming her foot under her crotch to scoot and writhe into it, desperately applying every kind of pressure she could again the dam that was about to burst. "Please let me pee, for real, I have to go!"

"Okay, go," Trinity released her ankle. She scrambled to her feet and ran to the pool. Barely a couple feet away, her friend Tabitha ran up, grabbed her around the midsection and threw her over her shoulder. The sudden pressure against her bulging bladder was agonizing! She yelped in surprise, feeling herself immediately start pissing hard upon the impact.

"Ahhh, no--!" she screamed, urine cascading down her legs, streaming down Tabitha's body and splattering against the ground.

"Oohh my god!" Tabitha exclaimed, stiffly putting her still urinating friend down and jumping in the pool. Her friends erupted in laughter, Rachael's cheeks turning deep red as yellow liquid jetted out of the crotch of her bikini bottoms. She lowered to a squat, forming a huge puddle under her hissing, splattering stream.

"Go in the pool!" her friends started to tel her. She got up and ran over to the pool, urine streaming down between her legs, and jumped into the cold water. She floated gently down to the bottom, yellow warmth spreading into the water around her as she continued to void her overfull bladder. She heard her friends splashing into the pool around her as the last bit of pee drained out of her.

