May Showers (Fullmetal Alchemist)

Author: Captain L

*000*2016-08-29 03:41

Spoiler alert: Fullmetal Alchemist spoilers. Episode 29 of Brotherhood, Chapter 56 of the manga.

###

May Chang was barely waking up, eyes still hazy and thoughts still distant, but multiple concerns about her situation arose. First was her resting place, most certainly not a bed, it was cold, metal, and curved upwards all around her. She was thankfully small enough to fit without contorting her spine, but it wasn't comfortable. Next was that her head hurt, a lot more than just resting on metal would do. And, as she could conclude from the lighting, she was closed off in a prison of steel.

“Ow...how did I even get here?” Last thing she remembered was her and Scar in the sewers beneath Central, they fought chimeras, a bearded man...and then she woke up. In pain, in darkness, and a tickling feeling on her chest. She reached her right arm out to the source of the sensation, and was relieved to find it soft, furry, and a size she recognized. “Shao May, you're okay,” she cried, hugging her tiny panda.

“You brought her with you,” came a shout from outside, muffled through the barrier but still recognized by May. That kind of whiny shriek could only belong to the Fullmetal Alchemist that broke her heart.

Suddenly, anything unpleasant about May's own condition washed away, like a sandcastle in a tsunami, and her focus entirely shifted to anger at Edward. “Who said you had to come, you midget fake prince?!”

“Who are you calling a midget, you dwarf of an annoying girl?!”

“You're awake again,” another voice, much calmer than the others, spoke. But the source was weird, instead of coming from a direction, it seemed to be encompassing May from all angles. And it sounded familiar, too...

“Wait, are you that guy in the armor,” she possibly recognized.

“Well...kinda. Truth is...I am the armor. My name's Alphonse, I'm Edward's brother.” He scratched the back of his helmet in nervousness, which meant his armor shifted with the Xingese girl inside. That's when May really understood, the armor was hollow, and she was inside it. She couldn't fathom how that was possible, besides being haunted, and she panicked. Standing upright wherever she could, she climbed up the torso to the helmet for an escape route. Feeling her fleeing, Al reached up and held his head on. “No, please stay in there! It's not safe out here!”

Despite her strength, May couldn't escape the armor, and resigned herself to the imprisonment. There was very little sensory stimulation, so she had to pay attention for anything outside to entertain herself. That's when she could hear the sound of running water, probably a shower. Where was she? Certainly not beneath Central anymore.

Also pressing, possibly more so, was the feeling the sound of the shower's water crashing against the floor made May aware of. Depending on how long she had been unconscious for, it had been quite a number of hours since she last gone pee. And that bodily function's clock sounded its alarm, because she needed to go again. Not just “I should find a bathroom soon”, but as her nerves continued waking up, she began to realize it was more of a “Where's the closest bathroom, I need it now”.

Of course, she started considering what she could possibly do about this predicament, while pressing her right hand between her legs to hold herself, squeezing the crotch of her loose white pants and balling it in her fist. She was trapped, that much was unalterable truth, what could she possibly do with that severe handicap?

“Just don't think about it, May,” she whispered to herself. “You're only going to need it worse if you dwell on it longer. You're a proud member of the Chang clan, and you're 11, old enough to not wet yourself.” Despite the words of reassurance, she rocked side to side on her rear, ruffling her robe even more than the earlier combat already had. Shao May, concerned about the constant motion, retreated into her garment for security.

Lost in her struggle for bladder control, May completely forgot that there was a conversation happening outside. And the only reason she remembered was the sound of a door slamming open, a voice that sounded familiar from the fight beneath the city yelling something, and a scream from everyone in apparent horror.

Whoever intruded left quickly, leaving May a little more relaxed she wouldn't be caught, but still tense as to not have an accident. And the noise of the running shower was absolutely not helping, even the water being turned off didn't reduce her desperation. She was really starting to doubt herself, if she could hold long enough for Alphonse to let her free.

By no means a “dignified lady”, May had no qualms about relieving herself outside proper locations. She'd squatted behind shrubs, tinkled behind trees, and did her business in bottles, cups, and other containers. The sound of the shower that triggered her struggle had also given her an idea to get out of it; if there were showers, there was a chance there'd be a toilet as well. And if there wasn't...there were certainly drains that would do the trick.

It was at least worth a shot. With her right hand still squeezed between her thighs, May knocked on Al's side to ensure she got his attention. Immediately, before she could even get a word in, Al reprimanded her, rushing to hush his captive. “Please be quiet! Believe me, you don't want to be caught by these guys! I don't think you can take on a Homunculus...I'm sorry, I never asked for your name.”

Once it was very clear she wouldn't be let out, she flopped back into an awkward lying down position. “I'm May Chang from Xing, and I can take care of myself. I did better than you in that fight, actually! I was actually fighting those Homunculi while you were just standing there, clapping your hands!” Even in the face of peeing herself, May was feisty.

And she wasn't the only one, because Edward took the escalation and started yelling back. “At least I didn't get knocked out, you annoying little twerp!” If the two could see each other, they'd probably get into a fight, despite the circumstances. But there was a wall of metal between them that just so happened to be Alphonse, so the aggression stayed low.

Once he was sure there wouldn't be a brawl, Al continued talking to May. “Don't worry May, I promise we'll let you out once we're in the clear. To tell you the truth, we're captured too, and you'd probably get thrown in jail for illegal immigration if they found you.”

“Yeah, and I'm really not up to dealing with another Xingese alien in prison, because you're somehow not the first,” Ed grumbled. “So just stay there and shut up until we're out.”

“Don't mind him,” Al assured. “Brother's always grumpy. We'll try and hurry so you can leave as soon as you can.”

Peeing was now the last thing May wanted to do. She still needed it, incredibly so, but she had suddenly decided it was far safer in here. Not because of the threat of Homunculi, but to stay away from this brotherly relationship ready to turn violent any second. “This place sucks,” she muttered under her breath, repeating it like she needed it to keep her sanity, to the point she forgot why she wanted to escape only a minute before until she felt it move and leave the room. Which meant she missed her chance.

The motion of Al's armor, throwing the young girl around, bouncing her and causing her to hit the hard metal constantly, in what felt like the worst places of her body. Her crotch was protected, by both hands now and her legs crossed together so tight that blood flow past her wrists became limited, but it didn't do any good to her abdomen being hit. Every hit jolted her bladder hard, pushing her muscles to their limits as to not leak. She couldn't even do that, while she stayed on her back to not risk her bladder being hit, one good hit caused a few little spurts to fly into her panties.

That certainly caused a bit of a panic in May. If she couldn't contain all her urine, how long until she couldn't hold any of it? She physically couldn't hold herself any harder, her fingers digging in so hard it was just as painful as her bladder about to pop, so she started shifting her center of gravity, rocking herself. Not that it should do anything useful, biologically speaking, but she instinctively started it so the motion at least made her feel better. By a minuscule margin.

She had so little room to move, balancing the whole time on the thin strip between Al's legs, losing that stability was inevitability waiting in the wings. Her constant gyrations and tilting caused her to slide across the smooth material and her butt to fall into one of the leg holes. It wasn't quite wide enough for her whole body to slip down, her calves keeping her up along with the friction of her back against the steel, but she was in deep enough she couldn't free herself. She'd easily be able to in ordinary condition, but she could barely move now, stuck leaning back a little with opposing force pushing her neck forward. The only benefit was her posture, gravity was no longer forcing the weight of her stretched bladder on her urethra, which theoretically should have made things a little easier.

Of course, being an alchemist (alkahestry, to be more precise), May was a girl of logic and science, though not the studious example. And as such, she knew, theoretical means nothing against practical data, the recording of what actually happens. And what actually happened to her was another push, pee as desperate to force its way out of her as she was to keep it in, further wetting her underwear. Her hands were numb, so she couldn't feel if it was seeping through her pants, but from how much the pressure increased from the taste of relief, it had to be making her white clothes a little transparent by now.

“I...I can't...no more,” she strained, sounding like she was being choked. And it wasn't the only side effect to her surface-level health holding it for so long was having, she also felt cold and chills like a high fever. “H-how...so bad?” It wasn't anywhere close to this dire before she lost consciousness, little enough that adrenaline masked it completely. Her eyes were shut tight, her mouth biting a hair braid that had fallen in front of it to resist screaming in agony, everything below her chest hurt, tiny drops sneaking out by the second, soaking her bottoms.

And the worst part, she couldn't do anything about it. She was a fighter, but martial arts wouldn't help. She couldn't spare a hand to pull out kunai, not that alkahestry would help in the slightest, and Shao May, having since exited the folds of her robe, was standing above her heart and looking at her with a sense of sympathy, unable to assist in a meaningful way. May hated it, she was incredibly skilled in a clash, but she was still constrained by the body of an 11 year old girl with its advantages and drawbacks.

She had long stopped noticing anything outside the armor, it could have been the entire world for all it meant to her. She didn't realize Al, and by extension Ed, had arrived at a destination, that they had been talking with two older men of some importance, that the brothers were about to leave and that they were stopped for one final point. But following that was something sure to get May's attention, a sword piercing the armor's lower torso, just millimeters too high to stab her leg.

For a single moment, the only thing that mattered was how close she was to dying. Unable to move, if whoever wielded that blade had aimed elsewhere, her life would have ended. That brief flash of lost focus was all it took, her muscles relaxed and they weren't going to tighten again. Her bladder wasted no time in jumping from squirting to full-out peeing, a torrent of urine thick as her body could handle pouring out. She heard it splattering as it gushed down into Al's foot, echoing off every surface, it sounded like a ringing bullet to her.

More limber with nothing to hold, May pulled herself out of the gap, sliding back into her previous balance, but she had already lost. This was a full-on accident, wetting her pants, peeing herself, she should have been long past disgracing herself like that. Though she had moved her hands out of the flow's way, they were wet from the start of the burst, but she didn't care. She grabbed Shao May and cradled him in her forearms, holding him close to her chest in a tight hug. “Oh, Shao May...what did I do?”

May had once again forgotten about the implications her presence had outside Alphonse, but he was not watertight. Perched on the interior of Al's crotch, some of her leak was trickling through gaps in the metal, looking very awkward from an exterior perspective. Edward noticed, “Al, what the hell are y-...May, are you alright in there?”

###

As soon as the Elrics noticed something was up, Al rushed her into the closest bathroom, a men's room so he wouldn't look out of line, not that it mattered to May when the room was empty besides the two of them. Opening his chest plate, he let her into a stall without looking, and now she could hear him running a sink to clean himself off.

May was somberly sitting on a toilet, far too late, her soggy clothes laying on the floor. She could see now, her white panties were absolutely drenched everywhere but the waistband, and everything from the legs to the rear of her matched-color pants was the same story, to the point they were so close to being clear. If she was still wearing them, she'd have nothing private to hide. Even the back of her robe was a little wet, she was wearing nothing but a shirt.

She was taking toilet paper off the roll by the handful to wipe down her legs, bunching some of it to soak up excess from her clothes. She couldn't dry them off entirely or even close to enough to be presentable, which is why some of the squares were going to dry her tears. Shao May was standing atop the paper dispenser, looking at his master with sincere sorrow. May couldn't even talk to him, she felt so crushed and defeated.

In that abyss of depression, someone knocked on the stall door, trying to be light but a body of steel making it too loud. “May...are you going to be alright,” Al asked.

“Go away! I'm a failure, peeing myself like a little kid! You shouldn't have to worry about me!”

Al hesitated, but he did reply. “I'm not mad, May. I'm not that hard to clean. And I did keep you trapped inside me, so it's kind of my fault.”

May was surprised, given this boy was Edward's brother, it was a shock he was calm and willing to help. “...what do I do? I completely lost it, I can't be seen wearing this!”

“If you want, you can hand me your clothes. I can take care of them.”

She wasn't sure, handing over embarrassing evidence to someone she barely knew, especially when it contained her underwear, but she had the ability to sense the auras of living things. She could feel the humanity of the suit of armor, with nothing but kindness strongly radiating. Satisfied, she pushed her shoe against the pile of clothes and slid them under the door, leaving a trail of urine along their path.

May got to work cleaning up that mess, while outside the small room, she heard Al clap his hands loudly, and the room was filled with a bright blue light. She had barely even gotten started wiping up the liquid before something was draped over the door, her dressings. After wiping her hands so they were somewhat dry, she tossed the saturated paper into the toilet, flushing the large pile away and somehow not clogging the pipes. Too short to reach the door's peak height, she jumped up and pulled the garments down. She couldn't believe it, they were definitely her clothes, but they were dry as the Eastern Desert, pristine. “H-how did you...”

“Basic alchemy. I placed them over the sink and separated the water from the fabric. I did the same thing to my cloth. I wouldn't call it 'clean', but it's enough to get you back wherever you belong to properly wash them.”

May had no idea what to say. She degraded herself down so far, but there was no reprimand, no punishment, no mocking or laughing. She couldn't say anything, she redressed herself, pushed the stall door open, and leapt onto the unsuspecting Al, embracing him in the widest and happiest hug she had given in a very long time. “Thank you so much, Alphonse!” Wavering for reasons May didn't understand, the little panda eventually joined in. “And Shao May forgives you for kidnapping him!”

“I didn't kidnap your cat,” he jokingly retorted, and the two of them laughed. He put May down, but as she stood on her own feet again, she started wobbling, Al grabbing her just before she fell. “Are you alright now?”

“Yeah, just forgot I took a hit to the head before. I haven't stood up in awhile.”

“We know a doctor, we can take you to him, in case you have a concussion.” He opened up the front of his torso and gently placed the young girl inside. “Just rest, I'll take care of you.” The door closed, and in the darkness, May drifted off to sleep with a smile on her face

