A peeing Hero

Author: Omo-fanatic

*000*2012-01-08 02:52

This is a young Justice Fanfiction over Artemis, so enjoy:)

I drained the last of my water bottle as I ran through the streets of happy harbor. Quickly tossing the water bottle aside into a trash can I turned into an alleyway. I slipped through a teleporter node that sent me too the Mount Justice. It announced me as Artemis. I quickly joined the group of teenage heroes as batman approached from the other side of the large entry room.

“Artemis you’re late.” Batman said solemnly.

“I know I.. I had business to take care of.” I replied turning my head away nervously.

“none the less, I’ve got a mission for you. Lex Luthor is giving a presentation in Arkham Manor concerning a gun more powerful than any nuclear bomb, even powerful enough to potentially kill superman.”

“And you want us to stop him. right?”

“Not exactly, we have reason to believe that he is in danger from Icicle Junior. He has broken out of the penitentiary and also managed to get his hands on a wide array of henchmen and weapons designed by Mr. Freeze.”

“And you know this how?” I asked before grabbing a bottle of water from my bag and taking a gulp of it.

“We intercepted this from a Riddler informant.”

“How is the search for him going?” Aqua-lad asked.

“Not good, Edward Enigma is clever and we won’t find him till he wants us too.” Batman muttered.

“Let’s just get to the job already.” Super Boy said a little irritably.

“Good luck.” Batman said before leaving.

Thirty minutes and two water bottle later I felt my bladder start to fill. I quivered in my seat slightly as the Bio-ship approached Arkham. I can hold it, I’ve done it before and I’ll do it again. With very little confidence.

“I don’t see why we can’t just put Lex in prison.” Super Boy said bitterly.

“What I don’t get is how he can keep something like this inconspicuous, something like this should totally be conspicuous.” Robin muttered.

Two hours passed and I found myself shaking on top of Arkham Manor on a tower with a sniper attachment on my bow directed through a sky light searching for a sign of Icicle Jr. Opposite of me on another tower was Super Boy sleeping. Below us the rest of the team was disguised as waiters.

I shoved my hand into my crotch shaking as much as I could without falling of my tiny ledge. Suddenly an explosion occurred below. Super Boy woke up instantly and leapt to the ground below, shattering the sky light as he fell through it.

I held my position aiming my bow at the battle scene below. I watched as not only Icicle Jr. came through but also Fire Fly. I used my bow to snipe out henchmen till finally the team had incapacitated Icicle Jr. Fire Fly instantly drew his attention to me as an arrow bounced off his jet pack. He launched himself upwards at me.

I leapt to the ground below only to have him catch me mid fall and blast me with his gauntlet into a wall. My entire body surged with agony, including my bladder as a spurt of urine entered my black panties and I fell to the ground.

I watched in a daze as Super Boy started beating Fire Fly into a pulp. I pushed myself up just as a green blast narrowly missed Super Boy. My attention diverted to Lex now holding his gun. My eyes widened as He fired another shot as Super Boy who once again, barely dodged it. I glanged at my bow.

It was broken, along with my arrows. Suddenly I noticed a single tranquilizer arrow. I sighed to myself as I picked it up. Another spurt entered my panties, this time slithering down my leg a little. I charged Lex with my bladder panging with pure agony.

I managed to just stick him with the arrow. He fell back against the wall before collapsing in a heap. I gazed at my handy-work, to desperate to be proud. I tried to stick my hand into my crotch one more time but my bladder burst.

I moaned as hot urine started to run down my inner thighs. It tickled around to the back of my legs as the pee continued, I felt the pain in my balder lessen but I couldn’t stop the flow. A large stain started to appear on my butt. It even trickled into my boots. The warmth flowed down the entire length of the back of my green pants. I shoved my hands into my crotch as my knees began to bend.

I looked back to see a couple streams of the urine trickle down onto the floor below, starting a puddle. I moaned once more as the urine kept coming out. The hot, almost pleasurable pee warmed my butt and crotch before it finally stopped. Leaving me with a large puddle and a stained uniform.

I glanced at the rest of the team, mortified. They stared at me in horror and disgust. Super Boy was the first to re-act almost in an awe with a touch of lust.

He approached me and took me around the shoulder. “come on team lets go.” He said solemnly as he led me to the Bio-ship.

