Bund2burst.net story archive (165 stories you probably haven't read!)

By inkpawed

*000*2015-10-18 18:41

Years ago, the site bound2burst.net used to collect desperation stories. However, after a while, they apparently lost interest in it - first, they stopped adding new ones, then they removed the link to the collection from their site, then stopped all maintenance. Now, while it's still on the server, the collection has deteriorated so badly relative to modern web standards that it's not possible to access it without some tricks, and even if accessed, the text is unreadable due to broken styling.

Because most of those stories cannot be found anywhere else, and some of them are really quite good, I've decided to save them from being forever lost. I downloaded all of it, extracted the text of each story, generated new pages, fixed the list and made a new, readable style. I'm not a web designer, but I think the result is quite nice to browse.

To use, download the attachment, unzip it, and click on "stories.html". From there, navigate just like on a regular web page.

Note: the pages were extremely broken code-wise, and while I tried to make the script that read them robust, I may have missed some edge cases, and I can't carefully check every story. If you find any broken stories, please tell me and I will fix them.

There are also some garbage files that are not stories in there, but I don't care enough to identify and delete them.

Enjoy!

EDIT: updated to v2 with some stories fixed.

%b2barchivev2.zip

Edited October 18, 2015 by fuzzbutt (see edit history)

*003*2015-10-19 00:41

Updated again with v3 to fix a couple more stories. That might be all of them. But who knows, if doing this has taught me anything it's that there is an infinite number of ways in which an HTML file may be broken.

%b2barchivev3.zip

Edited October 19, 2015 by fuzzbutt (see edit history)

*009*2015-10-20 22:52

David North's series about Julia Hayward (1, 3, 10, 26, 36, 45, 46, 49) is excellent. I also really enjoyed "Keep the Cutie Waiting" (51).

Looking for all Julia stories, I found something unexpected: there are two more stories in the series that aren't on the list at all! I added them (under number 1, can't be bothered to renumber the whole list), download this updated version to see them, or alternatively just open "julia2.html" and "julia3.html".

I think there are some more stories unaccounted for on the list, at some point I'll look for it carefully and add anything missing.

%b2barchivev4.zip

Edited October 20, 2015 by fuzzbutt (see edit history)

*022*2020-08-24 20:58

Since this thread has come up again, I want to apologize for broken stories in the archive.

By the time I downloaded the site, it was in terrible shape, full of broken files that didn't display properly. I wrote a script to extract text from them and build new files, but as basically every file was broken in its own way (some semi-random corruption seemed to have happened), the script sometimes failed, and I didn't care to look through all stories to verify they had processed correctly.

In hindsight, I could have simply sorted the files by size, the broken stories coming up as smallest. Alas.

I don't have the original site dump any more, so unfortunately I can't fix my mistake, only note to make sure you download the latest version (...v4) from this post

, as it's the least broken.

