A Strained Bond

Author: Pain

*000*2015-05-02 08:55

“Well done Nathan!” the teacher beamed as the kid gave another correct answer,“1947 was the year when India got independence from the British rule”, she quoted his words.

Nathan was quite pleased with himself for having given a few correct answers. History wasn’t his thing but off late he found himself enjoying the subject for some strange reason.

His face brightened up with a smile as he felt a wave of pride flow through his chest. For someone who barely spoke up in the class, this was quite an improvement.

As the teacher moved on with the lesson, Nathan made himself busy taking down notes from the board. Leaning forward on his desk as he continued to write in his notebook, Nathan felt slight but steady twinges coming from his bladder. He had been needing to pee for a while now but hadn’t been able to go because the boy’s toilets were locked and frankly, he hadn’t contemplated about going to the toilet anyway.

Though his bladder was filling up quite rapidly, Nathan’s need to pee wasn’t anything he needed to really focus upon at the moment. He was one of those guys who had a fairly good bladder control, making him confident about his ability to wait.

He intently listened to what the teacher was saying. This was new for him, rarely did he pay attention to what was being taught in the class. He had never been much interested in studies anyway, day dreaming was more his thing. He ruffled through the pages of the book to see what chapter was next, he was growing restless.

Even at this point ,Nathan hadn’t thought about when he was going to relieve himself but with his bladder filling up at such an astounding rate, there was no denying the fact that he was going to need the loo soon.

How easy it was for the authorities to just lock the toilets up without even thinking of how much trouble it might cause to the students.

They had been repeatedly stating that such a move was to prevent vandalism in the toilets and also to ensure that none of the students indulged in smoking or drugs in there.

If anyone had to use the loos, they needed to ask for the keys from their respective class teacher. They would usually let students go during lectures but that was not always the case.

While it didn’t seem to bother the school authorities ,the idea of locking up the loos really angered the students ,especially Nathan. For someone who drank a lot of water to keep himself hydrated, Nathan frequently found himself in need of the loos.

He’d ask his class teacher ,Ms. Eva for the washroom keys at least four to five times on a regular day. Nathan usually felt extremely embarrassed to ask for the toilet keys so many times. What would have she thought of him, pestering her after almost every lecture?

But unlike what Nathan thought, Ms. Eva was understanding of his need and granted him permission whenever he asked for it. She believed that boys his age shouldn’t be denied from using the loos.

Her polite and benevolent nature had won Nathan over. She had saved him from getting desperate during lectures on several occasions and as long he had Ms. Eva to count upon, he didn’t need to worry about not being able to use the loos at school.

Nathan squirmed a bit in his seat , his breathes growing slower but deeper. The weight in his bladder was increasing steadily and his sphincters felt worked. Maybe he needed the toilets more than what he thought.

As the history lecture drew to an end, Nathan stepped out of his class to look for Ms. Eva. After all, she had the keys to the toilet.

Every step sent waves of urine crashing against the walls of his bladder. He couldn’t believe his need to pee had elevated so much in such a short time.

He entered the staff room to find Ms. Eva on her desk, her eyes on some papers that she continued to flip

.

“Mam, may I go to the toilet?” Nathan asked with a tone of innocence in his voice. That question seemed really weird coming from a high school kid but there are certain situations when such questions cannot be helped.

She looked up to find Nathan standing in front of her, bent forward a little in politeness, with his hands clasped behind his back . This was going to be Nathan’s first trip to the toilet for the day and he was certain that his teacher would allow him to go.

He was expecting her to realize that he was late to ask for the keys as compared to any other day and that he was quite in a bit of hurry to use the toilets.

“No, go back to your class..” she responded in a firm voice before going back to read the papers in her hand . Her words echoed in his ears for a second. He wasn’t sure if what he heard was true. It was not like her to deny him from going to the toilet.

He was initially a little shocked at the response but that didn’t stop him from trying again.

“Mam please?” he asked with a pleading face. It was not like his need was extremely urgent but it would have been wise to use to the loos before he went back to the class.

“I said No! Go back to your class Mr. Mathews!” she stated, adding more voice to her firmness, her pulled up eye brows indicating her seriousness.

Well that was an unexpected answer. Ms. Eva, Nathan’s favorite teacher ,would never stop him from going to the loos. Or was that what he thought?

Nathan didn’t know what to do. He had never expected Ms. Eva to refuse him the keys to the toilet. Maybe she was in a foul mood.

He stood there disappointed, slightly rubbing his thighs together. He had a sharp need to pee but it wasn’t extremely pressing at this point. Maybe he could hold it for a while but not too long.

He walked out of the poorly lit room, planning to come back later, maybe then she’d allow him to go.

Since his parents separated when he was 3, Nathan had been living a quiet and peaceful life with his mother. Although he had come to value his relationship with his mom more than anything in this world , he had always missed the presence of an elder male figure at home.

He had never mentioned this to his mother, who was working day and night to give her child every so called happiness she could think of.

Every time he saw a kid with his father, it made him think of what he didn’t have in his life. A person whom he could call ‘dad’. It was like hole in his chest, he didn’t know what to do with those feelings. Nathan couldn’t remember his father’s face. After all ,it was a long time back when he left. He had never let these feelings seep deep down in his mind. Each time missed his dad, he’d uproot those feelings and curse himself for think of what was gone. He knew there was no hope and there was no possibility that he could ever meet him again. There was enough pain already and he didn’t want to make it worse.

Being of a very shy and reserved nature, Nathan had never been good at making friends. He liked keeping to himself but at the same time wanted people to acknowledge him .He had always wanted to be popular at school but knew that nobody actually liked him much.

Most of the time Nathan found himself in an uphill battle of trying to impress others. He wanted people to like him. He didn’t want to feel neglected and useless, he wanted to be valued. He wanted people to accept him. He knew he was not perfect , maybe he was not even worth spending time with but why did people act like he didn’t even exist? Was he so worthless?

Nobody wanted to invite Nathan to their group and definitely none wanted to hang out with him either. He was basically trash that no one cared about. He was, a social reject.

Although he always tried to put up a smiling face, he wasn’t happy from within. Every night before going to sleep ,Nathan would think about how lonely he was. He wanted someone to talk to, someone who would hug him till he felt better.

Lucille was almost never home. She would usually leave before Nathan would wake up, only to come back late at night, exhausted after a day of work with barely any energy left to talk to her son.

Lucille was aware of the fact that she was almost never there for him. Somewhere in the back of her mind she felt as if she had failed as a mother. She felt as if they both were slowly drifting apart. An ideal mother would have always been there for her child but she barely even saw him throughout the day. This fast paced life had left their relationship strained to the point where neither of them saw it healing back to what it once was. Lucille couldn’t think of a way to set it right for her son.

On Sundays when she’d be home, Nathan would lock himself in his room for most of the while, only to come down for meals. He was doing his best to avoid his mother. He didn’t feel comfortable around her and there was a good reason behind it too. Lucille never talked to him properly. She never showed him any warmth or affection that a usual mother would show to her child.

It wasn’t like she didn’t want to but there was a certain emotional distance that had built up between both of them. They were not very much habitual of spending time with each other.

Being slightly short tempered, Lucille’s habit of screaming at Nathan for even the smallest of mistakes he made was the reason why he had come to somewhat despise her company.

She would scold him for pity things like watching T.V or even for not combing his hair. It was like she was always annoyed with him for some reason or the other. Nathan thought of his mom as a control freak. A person who wanted to regulate his every action and this caused a lot of friction between them.

They barely talked to each other and whatever conversations they had were mostly screaming matches. They never seemed to agree upon anything. It was like they couldn’t talk without yelling at each other.

Lucille never initiated any talks with him that were of convivial nature, which made Nathan feel all the more unwelcome in his own home. It wouldn’t have been wrong to say that Nathan felt so distant from his mother. They both lived together but never shared the bond and warmth a family should share.

Lucille knew that being the mother, it was her responsibility to make Nathan understand that she loved him. It was just that she couldn’t put it in words, but she was trying her best.

She had planned a small dinner with Nathan for his 17th birthday which was just a few days ago. Although she had decided to take him to his favorite restaurant ,Nathan said he didn’t feel like going out.

Even after his mother’s consistent requests ,he didn’t budge and they ended up spending the night at home with Nathan locked up in his room.

Nathan knew his mom would never understand him, he didn’t see a point in going out with her. He wanted to stay away from her. He wanted to stay alone.

That night ,he cried. He felt guilty for refusing to go out with her. He knew he had hurt her and felt really bad for doing so. He wanted to apologize to but couldn’t, there was so much distance between them that a mere sorry wouldn’t have made anything better.

Nathan had never been an outstanding kid. He was neither good at sports nor at studies. He got three straight F’s in his last exam which eventually pitted him in a massive argument against his mother.

But it was not just the case with his academics ,he never felt like doing anything. It was like he was always tired.

It was just last year that he fell for a girl from his class. Her name was Hailey, he really liked her and wanted to tell her about his feelings but could never muster up the strength to do so. After struggling with his feelings for a few months, one day he slid a love letter in her bag when everyone was out for recess. He didn’t write his name on it though.

He had talked to Hailey only twice or thrice since he first met her in 3rd grade. He didn’t even know that girl, how could he be in love with her? Was he just looking for someone who could offer him support and listen to his problems? If that was the case then he was looking at the wrong person.

Nathan never came out and told Hailey that it was him who wrote her that letter. He knew she would turn him down, and he certainly didn’t want to make a fool of himself in front of the whole class.

He locked his feelings down. It was easy for him to shut down his emotions, after all that was what he had been doing his entire life.

###

His walk back to the class made him realize how full his bladder was getting. He would have to hold it for another period before he could go to Ms. Eva to ask for the keys again.

Nathan was growing worried now. He had drunk way too much fluids to be held back this long. The strain on his sphincter muscles was increasing significantly owing to the fact that he had a tall glass of milk for breakfast this morning added with all the water he had been drinking throughout the day.

He entered his class and took to his seat, making his best effort not to show his classmates that he really had to pee.

He crossed his legs under his desk and took a few deep breathes.

“Stop worrying! You will get to pee soon...,” he told himself, before taking out his geometry box and a notebook from is bag.

Although he was successful in calming himself down a bit, he couldn’t deny the fact that his bladder felt incredibly stretched.

He looked at the wall clock in front of him, it was 2:30. On other days, Nathan would have made multiple trips to the loo by this time but today ,he hadn’t been even once. His only pee of the day was after he woke up this morning and he hadn’t got a chance to relieve himself since then.

If Nathan had been at home, he would have gone to the bathroom so many times by now. Each pee that he had withheld ,built a significant amount of pressure on his sphincters.

With the commencement of the Math lecture , Nathan tried his best to divert his mind from his ever mounting need to pee.

He was momentarily frustrated with himself for drinking so much water without thinking about the chances of not being permitted to use the loos.

He cursed the school authorities for locking up the toilets. It was such a harsh decision. Wanting to pee so bad while sitting in the class wasn’t a very enjoyable experience and he expected the authorities to be mature and sensitive enough to understand that.

He slightly rocked back and forth on his chair while he took down notes from the board.

He squirmed in his seat and crossed his legs tighter. He was growing really desperate. He had so much to drink ,he wasn’t sure how much longer he’d be able to wait if his need kept on increasing at such a rate.

He would have given anything to be allowed to use the loos at this moment. He was so desperate to pee.

Nathan focused on the lesson to divert his mind from his overwhelming need to urinate, but with each passing moment it was getting worse. He wasn’t even able to sit still. Nathan rubbed his thighs and adjusted his posture to see if it helps subside the pressure but it didn’t.

It would have been evident to anyone who saw him that he was utterly distressed . Nathan wasn’t able to conceal his agony any longer.

His bladder was aching and he was going out of his mind needing to pee this bad. He rested a hand on his swollen bladder to feel its rock-hard surface. Even this light touch made him wince in pain.

He desperately awaited for the lecture to end , his eyes stuck on the clock. Each second felt like eternity as Nathan tried to hold his sphincters tightly.

Nathan had never been good at Math anyway and his immense need to urinate wasn’t letting him concentrate on what was being taught, but he couldn’t have cared less about the lecture at this point . He had to pee and his entire body was beginning to shake with the effort it took to suppress the need.

Even after all this while, Nathan could feel his bladder still filling. He shouldn’t have had so much water. The waistband of his pants was cutting into his urine filled bladder.

Shit, how did he get himself into this?

As soon as the class got over , Nathan stood up from his desk and took quick baby steps towards the staff room. Oh, his bladder was so full.

Bent forward a little , his walking posture seemed quite unnatural. He didn’t even wait for the teacher to leave the class first ,but what else would you expect from a person who was going out of his mind needing to take a massive piss?

Nathan clenched his fists and rubbed his thighs as he walked. He had never experienced such intense desperation in his entire life and it was really testing his ability to hold back.

He entered the room to find Ms. Eva still sitting where she was.

“Mam ,please may I go to the toilet?” he asked straight away as he hurriedly walked up to her. Nathan couldn’t stop himself from crossing his legs and bouncing a bit on his knees while he desperately awaited his teacher’s reply. He had held it for another hour and the pressure in his bladder had increased significantly since the last time he came here and now, he absolutely wanted the keys.

“Well I’ve already told you Nathan , I’m not permitting anyone to go the loos!” she said, her tone clearly spilling her annoyance.

“Mam please, it’s really urgent…” Nathan said, unable to keep his voice from quivering. His body wasn’t in a position to take no for an answer . He was horrified to think of sitting in another hour long lecture while needing to pee so much.

“I said NO Nathan, don’t you get it?” Ms. Eva spoke.

Her ice-cold response broke Nathan’s heart. Why couldn’t she understand that he had to pee so bad? Nathan could have never expected this from the person who had always been so understanding towards his need.

He felt so bad and misunderstood but he had no choice, he couldn’t give up.

“Miss please, I have to use the toilets…” he pleaded , trying to keep his voice from shaking.

Ms. Eva could see him shivering, maybe the boy did have to go really bad ,but that was none of her concern. She went back to what she was doing, Nathan knew it was the sign for him to leave. Nathan had always been a polite and well-mannered guy and even now, he wasn’t going to disobey his teacher’s wish.

He steeled himself and started to walk out of the room. Somewhere in the back of his mind he was hoping Ms. Eva would stop him and hand over the keys but nothing like that happened.

The agony in his bladder was making him limp. It was so full that he wasn’t even able to stand straight, let alone walk.

Once out of Ms. Eva’s sight ,Nathan stopped for moment to compose himself. He crossed his legs tightly and held the wall for support. He absolutely had to pee before he went back to the class . There was no way he’d be able to hold it much longer.

He thought for a moment, maybe he could look for an open loo somewhere in the building? Although there were absolutely slim to no chances of that happening. The authorities were strict with their rules and they made sure that each toilet remained locked throughout the day. But Nathan had to try, there was no room in his bladder to hold even a single more drop of pee and his sphincters too felt extremely taxed.

Forget holding it for another lecture, he wasn’t sure if he’d able to hold it for even ten more minutes.

Nathan staggered around in the school corridors , desperately trying to find an open boy’s toilet .

He kept pulling the waistband of his school trousers away from his bloated bladder. Oh, he had to pee so bad.

He would stop after every few steps to compose himself and to make his need a little more manageable. He even gave his crotch a couple of quick squeezes trying not to get noticed by a few students who happened to be loitering around.

Each step , each movement ,was torture. The walk was painful but he had to do it. He checked the corridor from corner to corner but to his dismay, both the toilets were locked.

Why couldn’t Ms. Eva just hand over the toilet keys to him? All he wanted to do was use the urinals , that’s it. How could she be so inhumane?

Nathan contemplated about going to the next floor to see if it had any open toilets but dismissed the idea because he knew he wouldn’t find one . And even if he would have decided to go and check , his body would not have permitted it. He was not in a position to walk around the school, his sphincters were tired and he was certain that they won’t be able to keep shut if he kept walking around like that.

Nathan’s knees trembled as he thought of what to do next. His bladder was so full and it ached so bad.

He bit his lower lip, holding the wall for support. He had never allowed himself to hold it this long in his entire life .

He cupped his bladder , it was so swollen. It was like a water melon jutting out of his lower abdomen.

Nathan realized it was time to go back to the class. If any teacher saw him roaming around the school campus during lecture hours, he might be expelled for bunking.

He certainly didn’t want to run that risk but he didn’t want to go back to his class either. He wanted to go to the toilet.

But he didn’t have a choice. He couldn’t miss out on the lecture. With a sinking heart, he turned around and walked back.

Keeping his hands on his sides and clenching his fists firm, Nathan walked without opening his legs much. His steps were small , calculated. He needed to save very ounce of energy he had in his body if he wanted to survive the lecture without wetting himself.

###

“May I come in Miss?” Nathan asked , standing at the door of his classroom, rubbing his thighs together.

“Yes,” the Ms. Shannon responded as she turned her face to look at him.

Nathan walked into the class, struggling to look calm and composed to his classmates . He didn’t want them to know that he had to pee so badly, that would have been so embarrassing.

Some of the students might have even noticed how his walk seemed to be so controlled, so restricted.

Already so desperate ,Nathan couldn’t imagine his condition by the time the lecture would come to an end. His need to pee was overwhelming but he had to hold it.

He quickly took his seat which was the last one of the row and thankfully ,at the corner end of the class too.

He didn’t waste any time in crossing his legs but to his dismay, it wasn’t helping much now. He slid his hands under the desk ,unbuckled his belt and undid the button of his trousers , trying to take some pressure off from his extremely full bladder.

It was hardly any better but even a little help at this point was of great value.

He grabbed his crotch as tight as he could and bent forward a little. It hurt so bad.

He gulped the lump in his throat and tried to look normal. It was getting extremely hard to hold back.

10 minutes into the lecture, Nathan couldn’t help himself from squirming in his seat.

He could hardly concentrate on what was being taught. With a hand already jammed in his crotch , he used the free one to caress his distended bladder.

He wasn’t taking down notes anymore , all his energy was being consumed in the effort of trying not to soak his pants.

Nathan was now really worried about when and where he was going to pee. He knew that he didn’t have much time left before it starts to come out involuntarily and that he had to think of something before it was too late.

Frankly ,he was surprised at the fact that his sphincters were still somehow closed. Maybe it was due to his sheer will power that Nathan was still holding on.

Nathan didn’t dare to remove his hand from his crotch. God, it was so difficult to hold.

He squeezed his cock hard, it felt better but it barely subsided his need to go.

He was beginning to panic , what was he gonna do?

With just twenty minutes left for the lecture to end, Nathan’s shivering body threatened to give up at any point.

His brain had set off an alarm that was blaring like red lights inside his head, his bladder had reached the end of its rope and at any moment form now, he was going to lose control.

Nathan’s eyes welled up with tears, he was shivering with desperation . He was so close to peeing in his pants. Horrific images of his classmates laughing at him as he stood there in his drenched pants ran before his eyes. He quickly erased those thoughts from his mind. He couldn’t let himself wet his pants in front of his classmates.

Just then he felt a dribble escape, “Oh no!” he gasped under his breath as he gripped his cock tighter. A tear rolled down from his left eye. Nobody had noticed ,but soon they would. His elbows felt cold as he sat there, withering in agony.

Nathan was going to wet himself in front of his classmates. His life was going to turn into a nightmare. He could feel his heart pounding so hard. He needed relief but not for such a big cost.

But just then his eyes widened, he had a chance to make it. Why didn’t he think of this before?

He could ask Ms. Shannon for the toilet keys ! He shot a look at the clock : still 3 minutes left.

Nathan held his breath and then exhaled slowly. Holding on for 3 more minutes seemed impossible in his situation but

Nathan decided to fight. He had held it for so long surely he could do a few more minutes.

With his eyes stuck on the clock ,Nathan desperately waited for the lecture to conclude. Each moment left like eternity. It was like time had just stopped.

“Oh come on!” he wailed in his mind as he saw the minute hand of the clock slowly move forward. His hands were shaking, he had to pee so bad.

The moment the bell rang Nathan leapt into action, he carefully stood up from his seat still holding his crotch.

“Thank you,” he heard Ms. Shannon say. He saw her walking out of the class. No! Stop!

He picked his bag up from the desk and without even bothering to put on the button of his pants ,followed her out , with small but quick steps, maintaining his hold between his legs. He didn’t care about who saw him like that, at least it was better than wetting himself in front of everyone.

“Miss!” he cried out.

Ms. Shannon stopped at the corridor when she heard his voice , a few feet away from the door of the class. She turned around to see the boy staggering towards her. His bent double posture made her worried.

“Nathan are you okay?” she asked in a concerned tone.

“Miss please may I go to the toilet, please…,” Nathan begged. Shannon saw the kid’s tightly pressed thighs and his hand on the crotch. Was he really that desperate?

“Yes, but I am not your class teacher , I don’t have the authority to give you the toilet key…” she answered, she really wanted to help the poor guy but she wasn’t sure if she had the power to do so.

“Miss please, it’s very urgent !” Nathan blabbered out with a frowning face. The entire fiber of his being was yelling at Shannon to hand him over the keys!

“I don’t know if I can give the toilet keys to you Nathan, we have strict orders from above” she said, unsure of what to do.

“Miss please, I can’t hold it…” he begged before he crossed his legs tight to help himself hang on a little while longer.

Shannon could see how desperate the kid was, she quickly unzipped her hand bag and pulled out the toilet keys from it.

Nathan’s eyes glimmered with hope when he saw the keys in her hand.

“…but I am not sure if I can give this to you…” Shannon said, more to herself than to Nathan as she held the keys towards him.

Finally! Nathan almost snatched the keys from her hand and quickly walked off towards the loos with tiny steps, grabbing his crotch. At last he was going to be able to release his flood gates.

On the way he saw a few girls laugh at him but he couldn’t have cared less at the moment.

He was so close to urinating that he would have ran to the toilet if that would have been even possible for him.

He turned at the end of the corridor and finally he could see the door to the loo. Oh, this had been such a long hold, he almost thought he was going to wet himself in the class but here he was, standing outside the lavatories, just a few feet away from the relief he so desperately craved.

He slid the key into the lock but before he could turn it another small jet of pee escaped into his underwear. He was already beginning to go with the anticipation of the coming pee. Thankfully there was no one around to see him in such a desperate state.

“Fuck!” Nathan gasped, crossing his legs tighter. “Almost there…almost there!” he told himself.

He turned the key and the door unlocked. Oh yes!

But just before he could open the door to get in ,he heard Ms. Shannon’s voice and the sound of her heels tapping on the marble floor. A second later she appeared form the turn, taking quick steps.

What the hell was it now?!

“I am sorry Nathan but I can’t let you use my keys, I confirmed it with another teacher. The authorities have barred the teaching staff from giving the toilet keys to any student for whom they are not the class teacher,” she said gasping for air as she walked up to him. Maybe she ran all the way down here.

She turned the keys back to close the door shut even before Nathan could say or do anything.

He couldn’t believe himself! He was close ! His mind went numb. Nathan couldn’t think of what to do now.

“Miss please, I have to go really bad..” he said , his eyes welling up again. His legs were trembling , he had to pee, right now!

“I am sorry Nathan, I know you really have to go but I can’t do anything about it…” Shannon said as she made a sympathetic face .She turned around and walked back in the direction she came from, leaving Nathan standing there bursting for the toilets.

He wanted to stop her and beg for the keys but he knew she wouldn’t listen.

Nathan felt like giving up and going in his pants right there but he didn’t have the courage the face the humiliation that would have come after that.

He gathered his will and tightened his tired sphincters. He took a deep breath , holding his crotch still. His pee was just a hair breadth away from pouring out completely but the thought of how embarrassing it would be if he wet himself at school gave

Nathan the strength to hang on.

He pressed his lips inwards and held his breath, he had to think of a way out of this turmoil. In some ways Nathan was an inspirational guy, he was trying to fight out of a situation which would have made anybody give up.

He calmed himself down and weighed his options. He was beginning to have a severe headache due to making his body go through such a strenuous hold.

He only had one way now, to somehow endure the 20 minute long bus ride home to use the toilets. It was an incredibly long shot in his condition but he had no other choice.

Maintaining the hold between his legs , he took quick but tiny steps towards the school bus stand. Climbing down the stairs was unbelievably tough. It took him more than 5 minutes to climb 20 stairs. It was so hard to move at this point, too much exertion could have caused him to loose control. But Nathan knew he had to hurry, he couldn’t afford to miss the bus. That bus, was his last ray of hope.

Once there Nathan found his bus waiting for him. He steeled every muscle of his body before he made an attempt to climb up. He slowly lifted his right leg to place it on the step but even this movement hurt incredibly around his bladder region.

He placed it back down and took a deep breath.

“Hey what’s the matter?” Nathan heard a guy say, who was popping his head out of the window ,probably to see what was taking so long.

Nathan knew every second was precious and he couldn’t be standing here. With one huge effort he climbed in, not removing the hand from his crotch throughout the ordeal. He got a few disgusted stares from the students who saw him holding himself but he didn’t care about it. All he wanted was to get home and pee.

He chose the seat closest to the exit, it would have saved him the time and effort once it was his turn to climb off.

Nathan crossed his legs tight as soon as he found himself seated. Holding himself on the bus was quite embarrassing but it was necessary , he needed to apply every kind of external pressure to keep his pee hole shut.

He’d never thought it would be possible for him to hold it this long.

Each bump on the road made his bladder want to explode and each breath he took pushed his pee closer to the exit.

Each stop that came and went made Nathan more hopeful. “Just one more to go then it’ll be my turn” he said to himself . He placed a hand on his thigh, close to his crotch.

His sphincters were deliriously tired by now and he needed to urinate as soon as possible or else he was going to have an accident.

When the bus finally turned onto the road where he lived, Nathan’s excitement peaked. So much that he let out another short jet of pee into his underwear when he finally saw his apartment building. He squeezed his crotch tight , his eyes still stuck on the quickly approaching skyscraper. Fuck , he needed to use the toilets so bad.

He stood up when the bus neared his stop. Grabbing his crotch he strengthened his mind and clenched his muscles tight.

He had to give it his all. It was just a matter of few minutes, he could not let loose now. Nathan forced his sphincters shut so hard that it pained awfully. He was using every last bit of strength in his body to keep his pee in.

He could feel his heart pounding so hard. He didn’t even care about how he’d look running off to the elevator to get to his floor, he was so close to having an accident.

When the bus pulled over at his stop, Nathan quickly got off without a word of thanks to the driver. He didn’t have any time to waste, he was about to wet himself.

Stepping from the hot afternoon sun into the comparatively cooler lobby of his building only heightened Nathan’s urgency to pee. He walked towards the elevator as fast as his bladder allowed him.

Thankfully he didn’t have to wait for the elevator. He pressed the button, doors opened and he stepped inside. There was searing pain in each muscle of his left palm and fingers due to grabbing his crotch for so long. But he couldn’t let go off now, if he removed his hand even a bit from his crotch ,he would wet himself at that very instant.

Nathan hurriedly pressed the button for his floor and saw the doors close. He was grateful that nobody else was there with him in the elevator. If he was to lose control and wet himself right now, then at least it would have been less embarrassing than having a very public accident.

Nathan crossed his legs tight as his journey to his floor began. He leaned on the cold metal wall by his side. It was next to impossible to hold it now.

All he wanted to do was get home, take a long pee and maybe rest for a while. He felt so worn out after holding it for so long. Nathan thought of the massive relief he finally was gonna get while peeing and that made him loose a few more small jets of pee . His underwear felt so damp now, he didn’t want to imagine how it would look like. Obviously ,would have to wash it once he got home.

The elevator stopped at his floor at he rushed out. Thank goodness, he had made it! He could see the door to his apartment!

“Haa..” he moaned with frowning face as he felt a few more dribbles escape.

“Almost there…almost there….” Nathan breathed.

He quickly placed his bag on the ground and bent down to open it. The keys were in his geometry box.

He opened the zipper with his free hand and looked inside, his face went pale. The box wasn’t there.

Nathan began to panic. He quickly opened the other zipper to see if it was in there but no, it wasn’t.

He always kept his keys in the geometry box ,but where was it? Did someone steal it from his bag? No, in his hurry to ask

Ms. Shannon for the keys at the end of the class, he might have left the box on his desk.

Nathan began to cry. His legs trembled as he felt a few more squirts come out. He squeezed his crotch tighter than ever but this time the wetness seeped through the fabric and he suddenly felt a bit of moisture on his fingers. A small wet patch formed on the crotch of his pants.

God, he had to use the toilet, right now!

He was gonna lose it! After fighting this hard for so long, Nathan couldn’t make it to the toilet.

Tears rolled down his cheeks as he waited for the inevitable to happen. He knew he was going to wet himself and that he had no way out but still, he was trying to supply his nearly dead sphincters with every last ounce of strength left in his body.

He was not even able to breath trying to keep his pants dry. But why was he fighting when it was evident that he was going to wet himself? Did he still have a grain of hope left in his mind?

Nathan bent down again and retrieved his phone from the bag. He quickly scrolled down the contact list until he saw the word ‘Mom’. Yes, he was calling his mother and he was going to ask her to come and let him in to use the toilets.

Why was he doing this? He knew he had no chance. Did he still think that he could hold it till his mother came and unlocked the door for him?

As the ring went, Nathan could feel his heart pounding so hard as if it was going to tear his chest apart.

How could he ever tell his mom that he had to pee this bad? He had always acted so tough in front of her ,how could he let her see him in such a vulnerable situation even if he somehow managed to hold it till she came here?

Nathan had not talked to his mom over the phone in a last few days. He didn’t like the idea of calling her and avoided ringing her up as much as possible. They hardly even talked to each other in person, calling each other up would have felt really weird.

“Hello?” Nathan heard his mother’s voice. Her voice felt like a wave of new hope to him, maybe his mother could save him from the embarrassment of wetting himself. Overwhelmed by his emotions and his need to urinate, Nathan’s suffering surged out in his words.

“Mom I have to pee…I have to go to the bathroom and I’m locked out I can’t find my keys, could you please come and open the door for me please ?” Nathan cried out.

“Oh!” Lucille’s eyes widened, her son had to pee so bad and he was locked out of the house .He needed her help and fast. She could have never expected this “Hang in there , I’ll be there in ten…,” she informed as she quickly stood up from her desk.

“PLEASE! PLEASE! PLEASE! HURRY! PLEASE! I can’t hold it, I can’t! ” Nathan cried before he hung up. He slid the phone in the left pocket of his trousers before grabbing his thigh tight.

At the office, Lucille was left horrified to hear those words from her son . She leapt into action as soon as the call was over. She picked up her hand bag and the house keys kept on her desk before quickly walking out of the room.

She had no time to waste, she could sense how desperate Nathan was by his voice on the phone. She walked out of the building with quick steps. Her legs began to hurt due to pacing all the way to the parking lot but she knew she couldn’t stop.

Nathan needed her to be there. She jumped into her car and drove off quickly. Lucille saw this as the perfect opportunity to prove to Nathan that she would always be there for him whenever he needed her. She knew she was being selfish and that this was not about her but she would have done anything to show Nathan that she cared for him.

She floored the accelerator and her car picked up speed, she had to make it in time. There was no other option. She had promised Nathan that she’d be there in ten minutes when it was almost a twenty-five minute drive. Why did she say that? Was she out of her mind? She knew it wasn’t possible to get there so fast.

A drop of sweat broke from her forehead as her car sped along the road, she wasn’t going to give up.

“Ten minutes more ,just ten minutes more..”, Nathan said to himself as he grabbed his crotch tightly and held the wall for support ,“You can do it, just ten minutes more…”,

Tears continued to roll down his face as he felt a few more drops of pee escape into his already wet knickers. He could feel the growing dampness around his crotch.

There was so much pressure and pain that he really wanted to just give in and let go in his pants but couldn’t bring himself to do it. He would never be able to look himself in the eye if he did that. He had to preserve his self-respect and he certainly couldn’t have kept it if he peed in his pants.

“Oh god, please help me…” Nathan cried, shuddering in pain trying to hold on just a while longer. Lucille was gonna be here any minute now and he was just moments away from getting to use the toilet.

His pee hole was pulsating wildly, it was gonna open up any moment now.

Soon enough he saw his mom walk out of the elevator at the other end of the hallway. Thank God, she was finally here.

He was going to make it to the toilet! Finally, his rigorous battle against his bursting bladder going to come to an end. He thought he was gonna wet himself , he was scared to death thinking about having an accident but now victory was at sight.

“Hurry up mom, let me in!” Nathan thought, but couldn’t say. The slightest diversion at this point would have made him burst in his pants.

Lucille hurried towards her son. She could see Nathan standing at the door of their apartment, holding his crotch.

“Quick!” her mind echoed. She almost ran to get there, opening her bag to take out the key. She slid her hand in when she couldn’t find it at first.

She reached where Nathan was but still couldn’t find the keys.

“Hurry up mom, please…” Nathan said , as he let another small spurt of pee leak out.

“Just a sec, I’ll let you in..” Lucille answered before emptying the contents of her hand bag on the floor in haste and began spreading them out with her hands . She looked thoroughly but the key wasn’t there.

Where was it? Did she forget it in her car? No, it had to be with her.

She looked again but to no avail.

“Mom…” Nathan moaned, he couldn’t even spare the energy to say anything more. He had to pee so bad ,his body was withering in agony .

Lucille looked up to Nathan, he was crying. There was no time, he had to pee. In one last ditch effort, she again tried to look for the keys in the pile of stuff she had just dumped out of her bag. She started to moved her hands faster but she couldn’t find her keys.

Lucille started to look thoroughly, maybe it was somewhere in-between all that trash but she couldn’t see it because of being in such a hurry. When she became absolutely sure that the keys weren’t in there ,she quickly put her stuff back into her bag. Maybe, it she had forgot it in the car. She stood up to go down and get the keys but stopped suddenly.

She felt like Nathan was crying louder than before. Her mind went numb and her eyes widened, was it what she was thinking? Lucille turned her face towards her son to see a wet patch quickly growing down his left leg from the crotch of his trousers.

Nathan was peeing in his pants.

His sphincters had exploded . He had let go off his crotch and covered his face in shame and embarrassment.Nathan could feel his hot urine running down his inner thighs, towards his trembling knees.

He tried his best to stop the flow but failed.He couldn’t even feel his sphincter muscles anymore.

Lucille covered her mouth in shock as she saw a puddle form beneath Nathan’s feet.

“Oh no..” she breathed in horror. Her son was uncontrollably wetting himself right in front of her and she knew it was her fault.

Nathan could feel a thick torrent of urine rushing out of his penis. The wetness spread down both his legs and towards the back of his pants.

His shoes were beginning to absorb his pee , he could feel the wetness on his feet. The puddle continued to grow rapidly, making its way to where Lucille stood, horrified and hurt at her son’s accident. She had failed as a mother, yet again.

She could see tears dripping off Nathan’s chin , one after the other. A moment later she found the pool of Nathan’s urine had expanded to reach till her feet, but instead of moving away she stood there, letting it go under her heels.

It felt like this nightmare was never going to end. Nathan couldn’t even feel himself peeing anymore, he had drowned himself in his tears and embarrassment.

The size of the puddle that had formed around Nathan’s feet , left Lucille shocked. How was he even able to hold such a huge volume ?

Nathan wept miserably as his bladder continued to empty itself. It seemed like there was no end to his river of pee, there was still so much coming out.

His stream was as violent as ever . Nathan felt like his pee hole had widened trying to release so much at once.

After an entire three minutes, his powerful torrent converted into a mere stream and then soon to a trickle before stopping completely.

Nathan felt so light headed and dizzy after releasing all that, he felt like he was going to faint. His breaths came in wrecked sobs as he stood there , humiliated at his accident. He didn’t have the courage to look at his mother. He just wanted to disappear, go somewhere nobody could find him.

Lucille didn’t know what to do. It was because of her that Nathan had wet himself. Only if she would have unlocked the door in time, maybe Nathan could have made it to the toilet.

The both stood there , in silence.

“Oh !” Lucille gasped before sliding her hand into her coat pocket. The keys were in there. She had put them in there before leaving the office but it completely went out of her mind. She could have hit herself right now, only if she could have recalled this earlier.

She quickly unlocked the door to let Nathan in. She knew he was mortified.

On seeing the door unlocked , Nathan picked his bag up and quickly walked inside without uttering a word.

Drops of urine fell on the floor from his bag as he walked, his puddle had seeped into his bag too.

Nathan ran inside his room and locked himself, leaving his mother still standing where she was.

It took Lucille a moment to re-orient herself before she could step in. She was shaken to the core by the kid’s accident. She decided to go down in the open to calm herself down first.

Nathan sat in the shower ,his knees buried in his chest. All that water wasn’t enough to abate the disgusting feeling of wetting himself like a child in front of his mother.

The water continued to wash away his tears as he sat there ,crying.

A little later Lucille came back ,she wasn’t sure of herself yet but she was at least in control of her emotions .She closed the door behind her and began walking towards Nathan’s room.

She knocked on his door, “Nathan could you open the door sweetie?” she had not called him that in years. On any other day it would have felt awkward to say that but today, it didn’t. Lucille had never felt this bad for her child and she wanted to be with him in this difficult situation.

Nathan opened the lock but left the door as it is. Lucille slid open the door slowly to be welcomed by his clothes lying on the floor. His pants, his underwear, his socks and shoes all laid there, soaked with pee.

Nathan lied on the bed , facing the other direction. He didn’t want his mom to look at him, at least not right now. He had changed into a dry underwear , pajamas and T- shirt before climbing onto the bed.

Lucille slowly sat down next to him placing her hand on his leg. It was then that she realized that Nathan was till crying.

“I am so sorry Nathan, I know it was my mistake,” Lucille said as she tried to muster her courage, “I drove as fast as I could to get here but I couldn’t let you in , I am sorry for that…”

Nathan’s sobs audibly increased on hearing this from his mother.

“It wasn’t your fault mom, it was mine. I am sorry I couldn’t hold it...” Nathan wept.

“No honey, don’t say that..” Lucille responded as she shifted forward to hold his face, “… but tell me, why didn’t you use the loos at school when you had to pee this bad?”

His heart felt so heavy when his mother asked this. How could he answer such a question?

“I couldn’t …” was all what Nathan could manage to say before breaking down completely, he just couldn’t stop crying.

Lucille’s heart broke to see her child in such a condition.

“H-Had you been holding it for too long?” Lucille asked, she knew such a question would only hurt him more but she was worried.

Nathan let the question slide by , he didn’t want to aggravate his humiliation.

In so many years this was for the first time that Lucille was sitting right next to her son. She knew she needed to be there for him, she knew things could be better.

“Nathan, honey please stop crying…. I may not be the best mother in this world but I certainly care for you and I love you… I am sorry if I ever made you feel unwanted, I didn’t mean to do so… and I am sorry I couldn’t help you out today when you needed me the most … I am sorry…” Lucille said, she knew it was not of any relevance at the moment but maybe it would make him feel better.

Nathan felt himself choking when he heard these words from his mother. He had always known that she loved him but such a sudden confession shook his heart. He quickly sat up and before Lucille could say anything, he hugged her.

Tears came out of Lucille’s eyes when she felt her son’s grip around her.

“Sorry ma… I tried to hold it but I just couldn’t…” Nathan blurted out, his voice choked due to crying so much.

“It is okay honey…you were holding a lot, it is okay if you couldn’t wait anymore, nobody would have been able to . I am glad that at least you feel better now…” Lucille answered as she rubbed his back slowly.

Lucille could only begin to imagine the surges of relief that would have flowed through his body when he finally started going. But relief had come at a great cost for the poor boy.

They both sat there each other’s arms, crying. They had never hugged for so long but it felt like all their differences had vanished with it.

“Shhhh. Just breathe, honey. It’s okay. Just breathe. Accidents happen.. I understand that you couldn’t wait any more… It’s okay…,” Lucille said, continually rubbing his back.

Then out of nowhere ,Nathan said, “I love you….. mom…”

It felt so awkward and weird to say it after so long but it also felt like such a huge load had been removed from his chest. He felt so much better after saying that.

Lucille had always wanted to hear this from him. She couldn’t describe the happiness she felt when he said this. Finally , there were no boundaries between them.

She wept , overwhelmed by her emotions. But she steadied herself soon because she knew it was her son who needed support at this moment.

Slowly Nathan started to calm down , his cries stopped but his humiliation remained. He wanted to forget about his accident , he didn’t want to recall it ever again.

Lucille kept rubbing his back and slowly and steadily it started to show its effect on Nathan. His breathing came back to normal although there were still a few tears that were rolling down his face.

“Do you want something to eat?” she asked softly, trying to take his attention away from his accident.

“No,” Nathan replied. He didn’t feel hungry anymore. He wanted to sleep, he was so tired.

“Are you sure you?” Lucille confirmed.

Nathan shook his head.

Lucille stood up from the bed. She picked up Nathan’s wet clothes from the floor, they felt heavy after soaking up so much urine.

“Just let me know if you want something..” she said with a slight smile before leaving the room.

Although Nathan didn’t look at his mother, he felt like he was beaming from within. He was so happy that his mom comforted him for so long.

He had no qualms now, he couldn’t help but feel elated. His accident was his past now and all what he cared about was his relationship with his mother. He promised himself that he’d make her proud of him someday .A grin ran through his face. Nathan sat in his bed ,looking towards a beautiful future.

His bladder although now deflated , felt extremely strained. He had held so much in there.

His brain had started to shut down after such a long ordeal. Exhausted he collapsed back to the bed, closing his eyes. He needed to rest for a while.

###

After putting the wet clothes into the laundry, Lucille took a mop and a bucket half full of water and walked out of the apartment to clean the pool of urine that Nathan had left outside the door. She removed her heels before she stepped out to make sure they don’t get wet.

She still could not believe that the puddle was so big. How was her child even able to walk with so much inside him?

She deliberately stepped on the puddle as she cleaned it. The urine felt so warm on her bare feet. She was not ashamed to do this, the warmth of the pee reminded her of her son.

Lucille smiled. She felt so close to him as she felt his urine on her fingers , even closer than when she was hugging him.

Her feet splashed on the pool of pee as she continued to clean it, she wanted to stand on it as long as she could. The warmness of the pee was sending a tingling sensation up and down her body.

She decided to bake Nathan some cupcakes when she was done with the cleaning. It was new beginning for the both of them. A new start to the rest of their lives. The incident had changed them both, they now valued each other more than ever before.

Lucille had never wanted Nathan to go through all this. But at least, his accident had brought them closer.

(Please let me know if you like it! It would mean the world to me! ) :)

*003*2015-05-22 03:32

Oh thank you so much guys! I am glad you liked it! :)

*004*2015-05-22 04:37

This story is really close to my heart in so many indescribable ways and I am extremely happy to share it with you all.

I hope you enjoyed Nathan and Lucille’s company.

I really wanted to add a short epilogue at the end but since the story is already too long I decided not to post it, but please let me know if anyone wants to read it, I’ll be more than happy to post it here. Thank you for reading!

*006*2015-05-23 13:05

(Does not contain desperation or wetting,I just wanted a more broader closure for the characters)

The next day-

Sharp rays of sunlight seeping in through the window fell on Nathan’s face. He slowly opened his eyes and sat up on his bed. Immediately welcomed by a searing pain in his lower abdomen, Nathan held his stomach and bent forward a little.

His bladder felt incredibly strained due the long hold from the day before. He set his feet down and sat on his bed for a moment, grabbing his face, with his elbows resting on his knees.

A feeling of shame and disgust gripped him as images of his accident filled in his mind.

Fuck, how could he let himself wet his pants in front of his mother? Was he a toddler to lose control like that?

No, how could he ever face his classmates after what happened last day? How could he ever face anybody?

It was not like anyone had witnessed his accident but still , there was stinging sensation of shame and guilt in his mind.

He looked up at the wall clock , it was 7:42 am.

“Mom must was left for the office by now,” Nathan thought.

He stood up and slowly opened the door to walk out of his room.

Each step sent ripples of pain through his bladder , he couldn’t believe it was still hurting after so long.

“Morning honey…” greeted Lucille as she walked out of the kitchen towards him.

A startled Nathan turned around to look at his mom. He was surprised to find her home, she usually never took a day off from work, so what had kept her from going today?

He immediately disconnected the eye contact and stuck his gaze to the floor with his head bent down.

“Do you feel alright now honey?” Lucille asked in concern.

“Y-Yeah I do it’s j-just…”

Before Nathan could say anything more , Lucille held his wrist and slowly led him towards the dining table.She pulled two chairs out and they both sat down.

“What is it? Is there something wrong?”, Lucille’s tone went from concerned to worried.

Reluctant to say anything Nathan nodded his head first but then gave into Lucille’s repeated queries, “M-My bladder still feels really stretched, it hurts when I walk…”

“Did you go to the bathroom after you woke up?”

“No, I don’t feel the need to go..”

“Well then it might be because your bladder was worked really hard yesterday, you were holding so much no wonder…”

“Stop it!… Don’t say that!” Nathan blurted out even before Lucille could finish what she was saying,“It is shameful enough that I wet myself, don’t remind me that you were there watching me have an accident…” he cried.

Lucille saw his eyes welling up with tears, her heart broke for the poor boy. She didn’t want to ruin her relationship with her son which had already been through so much of turbulence.

“I am sorry honey, I didn’t mean to hurt you….” she said, bending forward to wrap Nathan in a tight hug, “I am sorry… I understand how you feel… I know it’s my fault…”

“No it wasn’t…” Nathan responded softly, pulling himself out of his mother’s arms.

None of them spoke a while . They both sat there , hoping the other to break the awkward silence.

“I took a day off just to be with you…” Lucille said with a slight smile, trying to shift Nathan’s attention from the current topic.

“Really?” he asked, looking up to her.

“Yes… we can hit the zoo if you want to, it will make for a nice outing you know…”

“I don’t know , do they have toilets there?” Nathan asked, bending his head down in embarrassment ,pausing for a second before suddenly looking up and letting a smile run through his face.

Startled at first, it took a moment for Lucille to realize that it was joke, “Yes they do have plenty of toilets there, you don’t have to worry…” she laughed, before hugging Nathan again and he too hugged her tightly.

A fun filled day awaited them and Lucille hoped Nathan to forget about his accident while he enjoyed clicking pictures of animals at the zoo.

“I love you….” ,she whispered softly in his ear.

“Me too mom..”

While on the way to the zoo, Nathan did feel the need to pee. He notified this to his mother who immediately turned the car towards the nearest public toilets.

It wasn’t a case of emergency but Lucille wanted to make sure Nathan used the loos at every possibly opportunity.

She knew Nathan’s body may take a while to reset after what happened the day before.

Nathan too made sure he emptied himself every 40 minutes or so while they spent the day at the zoo.

The mother son duo , got to spend some quality time with each other. Nathan was happy with Lucille’s efforts to take time out for him.

He really wished them to stay this way.

###

With time they grew closer and their bond strengthened.

From then on Lucille made sure she spent more time with Nathan and he couldn’t have wished for anything more.

A life full of complaints turned into a life full of gratitude and happiness filled in where once sorrow lived.

*007*2015-05-23 13:17

Please do comment and tell what you think about the story. I personally want Nathan to be desperate again but I don't know if anyone would want to read that. He is a character I really think has the potential to carry another story on his shoulders but I am pretty much confused if I should write it or not. I need your feedback regarding this. I hope you liked the story! Thank you for reading! And thank you so much for your love and support!

