No free potty for Milly

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2012-06-18 00:00

Here's an experimental story about Milly.

It consists only of a pure dialog, without any other piece of narration.

NO FREE POTTY FOR MILLY

______

Hey girl, what do you think you're doing?

I... I'm going to... the bathroom...

And you think that barrier is there so you can just crawl under it?

No, I... But... Please sir... I...

Those are paying bathrooms you know? You just have to put a dollar in that little slid and the barrier will open.

So... Sorry, I know. I don't have... Please sir, it's an... an emergency.

I don't care! What's your name babygirl?

Mi... Milly. And I'm twelve... almost.

So, little Milly needs to go potty?

I'm not... Hmmm, Yes...

And that Milly wants my potty for free?

Pleaaaaase...

Does it give Potty-Milly the right to steal from me?

What?... I only...

You know what happens to potty thieves don't you?

Yes... No... I'm sorry... sir...

You know, kids starve to death everyday because they don't have money to buy food, and you dare to ask for a free ride on my potty?

No, I just...

You know, it's only normal for little kids like you to wet themselves once in a while.

No!... I... Please sir, I really can't ho...

It just happens.

Nooo!

You just lost it now, didn't you? You wet your innocent pull-ups?

I don't wear...

It would be wise though, for a child that hasn't been properly trained.

What... What are you... talking about.

You'll tell me you never had any accident before?

What? No... I... I...

So, you did. And I bet it wasn't so long ago.

No! How... How would you know?

Just a wild guess, but it seems I hit the bull's eye.

It wasn't... I mean... I...

Don't fool yourself, just tell me how it happened.

I didn't... It... was a... really long flight... and... The waitress... That fat guy... I...

Don't hold your tears, lovely Milly, at least they won't soil your panties.

My p... Hmmm... I...dry...

Are you?

Yea...

I think you're a little liar!

Please sir... I...

Would you dare to show them so I can check by myself?

No...

And at the same time you can show proof that you don't wear pull-ups.

; (

You're a good girl, sweetheart, now show me you're a big girl.

Here...

You're a sweet child, Milly.

See, I didn't... It's...

I see, those are cute and clean panties you've got there. I'm confident you'll make it home safely.

Nooooo...

Oh! It seems I spoke too fast!

;.(

I wouldn't push that adorable dress between my legs if I were you

No... I can...

See, it's getting all wet.

;.(.

I told you, this kind of things happens to young kids like you.

I'm not... I stopped...

Don't look down Milly, your tears duplicate the shine of your loveliness.

;.(..

There there, honey Milly, just let it go. Free yourself of that agony. Doesn't it feel good to evacuate that painful pressure? You can cross your legs all you want and press your fine cottons against your leaking girlie's parts, but you're just ruining your heavenly attire. Look at those golden rivers running down your tender thighs. It's a fight you cannot win, Sorry-Milly. Just let it go.

Nooooo...

So, you're a good child. See how much better it feels when you stop that awful struggle? Do you enjoy the warm feeling spreading around your delicious curves? You've fought hard my brave Milly. You have the right to enjoy your deserved relief now. Listen! Do you hear the sound of the peaceful river? It's the song of your salvation. You sure had been torturing yourself for a while. Look at that torrent, rushing to feed the yellow sea you're standing on. Who would believe a tiny thing like you could hold so much dirty fluids?

Sorry... Why?... Sir, I... You... Why?

This is just what a young kid gets when she try to act like a grown-up. She ends up dripping pee and tears. And Godly Milly's totally drenched now.

You're...

Look at that barbie's outfit, it's soaking and smelling your secretions.

You're so...

You should hurry back home and change or your sweet cherry will get irritated.

What am I going to tell my daddy now?

Well... just tell daddy you need pull-ups.

*002*2012-06-18 00:19

Well, the unusual form was really an experiment.

I tried lo make room for the reader's imagination so he can havea very personal picture of the scene.

He doesn't try to touch her. She lifts her skirt to show him she's still dry and she starts losing control at that moment.

