Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 14

Author: Alexxx

*326*2013-11-06 21:32

I shivered to consciousness…and I was wet. Not a good sign. Reluctantly, I peeked out from behind my moist sleeping bag and stared at a dark grey sky. Rain fell on my head, mocking my already soaked, limp hair.

“Augh…” I groaned. Now everything would need to be washed. My eyes went wide as I dived for my phone – still in my pocket, and still relatively dry. My back was waterproof…ish. Most things should be fine, but the sleeping bags would reek if they didn’t get washed soon.

No one else had woken up yet, save Mew, who hadn’t been sleeping.

"Good morning, Josh." A melodious voice echoed within my mind.

"Hardly." I grimaced, wiping the sleep from my eye.

"Oh?"

"I’m soaked, head to toe." I scowled, still relatively sleep deprived.

"Soaked in what?"

"Water! What else?"

"Water. Defined as a chemical compound which contains one oxygen molecule and two hydrogen atoms connected by covalent bonds. It is also the only known substance to start and sustain life in the universe. How wondrous it simply falls from the sky for us, is it not?"

I took pause. "I…I didn’t see it that way."

"Few do." Mew smiled sadly. "Rain is such a gift, and people treat it as an inconvenience. When people forget the gift of rain, how long until other gifts become a nuisance, or merely forgotten? The warm sun on an autumn day, or the air, freely given for us to breathe?"

I bowed, ashamed.

Mew laughed another musical laugh. "Do not be abashed, dear Josh. I am not telling you how to live, such would be a pox on the greatest of life’s gifts: the will to choose your own perception. I just wanted to share my vision-"

"Oh son of a bitch!" Static shouted, crawling out of his soaked sleeping bag. "When did it start raining!?"

"…well, one soul at a time." Mew deadpanned, grinning slyly.

I checked the time: nine in the morning. I wanted to fight Blane today at the fire gym, but I doubt Skarr could fly in this storm. We were also some ways away from a center…

Carefully, I got out my phone.

"Who’re you calling?" Static asked, violently shaking his fur free of water.

"Sandy. Just to ask if we can wait out the storm at her place."

I reasoned I could bike to Vermillion fairly shortly and camp at Sandy’s house. Probably wash and dry the bed rolls and maybe a few of my clothes as well.

"Alright, I’m just going to put everyone in their pokeballs until we get there, her agreement pending." I announced.

"Just get me out of the storm." Static groaned. With a flash of red, he got his wish. Nova, Skarr, and the rest were still sound asleep, so getting them in their pokeballs was simple, save Charizard. I reasoned Sandy wouldn’t be too mad at me for capturing a Pokémon she already owned…I would give it right back, of course. With a frown I tossed an ultraball, and caught the Chairzard unaware. Good.

I turned to Mew.

"So, um." I looked at the Pokéballs on my belt. Mew stared back at me curiously. "Which one would you like?"

"Which what?"

"Um, pokeball."

Mew giggled. "You plan to capture me?"

"I….wouldn’t call it ‘capture’." I reasoned. "Just, you know, keep you out of the rain."

"What will you do about the Masterball?" Mew asked, suddenly serious.

"If you’re planning on staying with me, I’ll either give it to you or break it." I answered.

"So I am a bargaining chip to you? You would risk the Treaty of Concord and the lives of billions on a mere trinket?"

"No!" I yelped. "J-just, I need you around for Darkrai, so he doesn’t kill me! I-I’m not trying to keep you here under force-" Mew laughed, interrupting me. "Oh. You weren’t serious, were you?"

"You are easy to upset." Mew noted, giggling.

"Thanks." I growled.

"May I choose to adopt the form of your hat once more?" Mew asked. "I…dislike the concept of being confined."

"Okay, that’s fine. It’s common for Pokémon to dislike Pokéballs." I smiled. Mew grinned and floated above my head, transforming into a thick red cap.

"Alright, calling Sandy…" I muttered mentally. I dialed her number, wiped off the rainwater from my ear with my shoulder, and pressed the phone to my cheek.

Ring.

Ring.

Ring…

“Hey! This Alessandra! If you’re a fan, please stop leaving messages personal cell phone! If you’re anyone else, sorry I don’t have my phone on me – it’s probably inside a couch cushion, or I put it in the refrigerator again! Anyway, leave a message after the beep!”

A long beep went off.

“Hey Sandy!” I chirped. “Um, it’s raining here pretty hard and everything’s soaked, and I was wondering if we could all go to your cabin to dry off and kind of sort everything-”

I heard the sound of a phone being picked up.

“W-who is this!?” Sandy picked up her phone. She sounded terrible, like she had been crying. Her throat was ragged, and her voice cracked as she spoke.

“Me? Josh?” I asked. “Why Sandy? What’s wrong?”

“P-prove it’s you.” She ordered, choking back a sob.

“Um, sure, okay.”

What happened? What’s wrong with her?

“You, um…” I racked my mind, trying to find a fitting memory. “You shoved a shrimp up my nose when I tried to kiss you at that seafood-”

“Ohmygod, Josh!” Sandy cried into the phone.

“Sandy, what’s wrong?”

“The news said you died.”

I blinked. “What?”

“Darkrai! He appeared in a theater, and killed two young adults! I knew you were there, and someone said they identified one of them with red hair and g-green eyes…I was so scared…”

Oh.

“No, it was all a misunderstanding. I was able to talk-”

“Wait, it WAS you!?”

“Um, well, yes, but it’s a long story-”

“Josh.” Sandy deadpanned into the phone. “I just spent all night crying into my pillow and pouring my soul out to Wigglytuff because I thought my boyfriend – whom by the way I just confessed my love to – was dead, at the hands of Darkrai. Believe me, I have time for whatever story you’re going to tell.”

I winced. I wanted to tell her everything, but my phone was beginning to glisten with rainwater. Of all the technological advances we humans had invented over the years, waterproof phones was not one of them.

“Listen!” I asked. “I’ll tell you everything, in detail, later on. Right now though I’m in the middle of a storm-”

A loud crack of thunder incinerated a tree across the clearing, as if to emphasize my point.

“-and I need to find a place to wait it out, and wash the bed rolls!”

“You can just use my cabin.” Sandy suggested helpfully.

“Okay, yeah, that’s what I was going to ask. Okay, thanks!”

“I expect a story later though! A good one! You made me cry, like, ugly cry for hours!”

“I will!” I promised.

“Alright, love you!”

Love you.

I blushed. It sounded so normal, even if it was only the second time her lips had ever echoed the phrase. I yearned for a time where that saying would become commonplace, but I vowed to never take it for granted. The air warmed around me, and suddenly the rain didn’t seem so cold.

“Love you too.” I smiled, and hung up the phone.

###

I shivered, taking off my drenched clothes and placing them in the washer. I almost put mew in my accident before I realized my mistake.

Mew giggled.

"Would that be considered abuse, putting you in the washer?" I laughed, glad I had chosen to only take my shirt off by this point.

"Well, it would wash me, and I have no nerve endings to feel pain." Mew reasoned.

"Give me a second to get changed, alright?" I asked, placing my cap outside the room on a dresser.

I stripped and placed my clothes in the washer. I was cold. My bare skin glistened with rainwater as I held my arms to my chest, shivering. I never thought to pack a towel, and I just hoped the dry clothes I was about to put on would stay dry. Grimacing, I put on a new pair of jeans and a black t-shirt. I felt even colder without my jacket, but it needed to be washed, along with the bedrolls.

"So…you’re wet too, right?" I asked my hat after stepping outside the room.

"Correct."

"Do you…want to be rung?"

A chime of laughter entered my consciousness. "If you would be so kind."

Well. This is strange.

I grabbed one of the most powerful Ancient Pokémon known to man, and wrung it over a small turquoise bathtub.

"This is so strange." I laughed, wringing the last of the water out of the cap.

"Why?" Mew pondered, taking its natural form.

"I’ve never talked to inanimate objects before." I chuckled.

"Never?" Mew asked, eyeing me suspiciously.

"Well, I mean, I suppose I have, but I never expected a response."

Mew nodded, content at that answer. "We don’t have a word in our language for ‘inanimate’. Even rocks and dirt have history; lives that span eons. Nothing is without cause or importance."

"I didn’t say without importance, I just meant, like, things that were inorganic."

"I was not inorganic. The hat was made from wool, which was from a Mareep."

Argh, technicalities. "You know what I-"

“Josh!” A woman’s voice exclaimed from the doorway. I turned to be tackled by a brown blur, and received a mouthful of curly auburn hair.

“Sandy!” I exclaimed happily, attempting to both hug her and remove the hair in my mouth.

“Alright, tell me every-” She turned and saw Mew, hovering in the corner. Mew waved to her with a stubby paw, and tilted his head curiously.

“Mew, meet Sandy.” I smiled awkwardly. “Sandy…meet Mew, or psudo-Darkrai, as you saw on T.V.”

Sandy just stared in awe for a moment. Mew giggled, and blinked with his bright eyes.

“You’re beautiful.” Sandy commented slowly.

"Thank you." Mew smiled graciously.

“Did you capture her?” Sandy turned to me.

"Her." Mew giggled again, like a calming melody.

“Oh! I’m sorry! A-are you male?” Sandy fumbled.

"I am creation." Mew shrugged. Sandy shot me a confused, embarrassed look.

“Here, let’s start from the beginning, alright?” I suggested to Mew. “That way Sandy’s all caught up.”

"Very well. I was a mere idea back then, sparked into life inside the nothingness of the cosmos by Arceus, creator of-"

“I-I meant, the beginning of the play.”

"I know what you meant." Mew grinned. "I was only Joshing you."

I took a moment to digest the pun, then groaned.

"Well…Mew’ll fit right in." Sandy smirked. She crossed her arms with a quiet smile and leaned against the wall, waiting patiently for us to tell our tale.

###

"I say we kill him."

"You can’t just kill me!"

"You’re bit. Anyone bit turns into a zombie. Everyone knows that."

"B-but it could be different for me!"

"Static, you’re being cruel."

"Oh, I’m the cruel one!? You didn’t have any problem killing those humans for food back there!"

"I-I had no choice! They had guns on us…it was us or them!" Skarr choked.

"Like it is now." Static spat. "I take the hatchet, and move towards Nova."

"Nova? Would you like to take an action?" I asked.

"I…I don’t know. I try to shrink back and look helpless, I guess." He shook, terrified.

"What do you do, Mew?" I asked.

"I…I don’t know!" Mew blinked, terrified. "My options are so limited! He can’t live because he’ll suffer and turn, but it is unethical to kill him! Both options are inexcusable!"

I grinned behind my Game Master’s screen. I had no idea Sandy kept a copy of a zombie pen and paper roleplaying game, but when she suggested we play it while waiting out the storm I didn’t object. Everyone was really into it, especially Nova and Static. Poor Nova got attacked during the third encounter, and the group was now facing one of the hardest choices yet.

"I attack him." Static said quietly.

"With?"

"The hatchet."

"Like hell you will!" Myst bristled.

"Roll the D20."

Static tossed the dice. It bounced across the table, displaying a mediocre twelve. Nova looked terrified.

"That misses. Nova, you were barely able to dodge out of the way."

"O-okay." Nova shook. I wondered if this might have been a bit violent for him, but he also seemed to be enjoying himself.

"I’ll attempt to grapple Static and force the axe out of his hands." Sandy claimed.

"I assist her!" Myst asserted.

"Roll for it."

"Nineteen." Sandy answered.

"Okay. You’re able to pry away the axe from Static. Now what?"

"Wait! I, um, I wish to examine Nova’s wound further!" Mew asked, excitedly.

"Very well. What is your character’s medical experience?"

"P…poor." Mew frowned.

"Roll."

Mew looked at the dice, and it jumped and spun in the air, displaying an eight.

"It looks like a bite, but you can’t be sure." I described. "It’s definitely shaped like one, but it looks very perfect for a bite, more resembling a knife then a wound from a jaw."

Probably too much description for a roll of an eight, but hey, I want Nova to live and have a good time playing.

"So it’s possible he wasn’t bitten?" Mew clarified. I shrugged and smiled. Mew scowled.

"If there’s even a chance he wasn’t bitten we can’t kill him. It’s wrong." Myst ordered, placing her figuring between Nova and Static.

"We can’t afford to take chances anymore!" Static growled, smashing his paw on the table in emphasis. "That’s what killed Wigglytuff!"

Wigglytuff sat on one end of the table, noisily munching on a plate of cookies. "I am coming back, right?" She asked, her mouth full of crumbs.

"Yeah, but you’ll have to play someone new."

"Okay. I can wait." She placed another cookie in her mouth, even though I could see she hadn’t finished chewing the last one.

"…Anyway!" Static asserted. "It’s them or us! And I choose us. Move out of the way, Myst. You know what has to be done."

"I won’t let you kill him!" Myst snarled.

"Neither will I." Sandy placed her figuring around Static’s.

"You’ll have to kill me, then." Static said in a low monotone.

"S-stop! There has to be a better alternative!" Mew choked.

"I-I’ll leave the group! Please, just don’t hurt each other!" Nova whimpered.

Skarr turned away from the table.

"You can’t be on the fence about this, Skarr!"

"I..I can’t…" Skarr stuttered.

"This is where we make a stand!"

"We can’t kill our allies!" Skarr begged.

"They’re not our allies anymore." Static ground his teeth.

"Alright, pause. I’m going to go get some water." Sandy got up.

"Oh! Speaking of water, can we…?"

"What?"

"You know!" Nova chirped. "Like, play the game with the water bottles and stuff."

"I’m not sure if Mew-"

"I’ve never experienced this game before, but if it is as enjoyable as you seem to perceive I will play." Mew shrugged. "This game proved enjoyable. I don’t see what this new one would be any different."

"Hold up." Skarr looked around the table, perturbed. "What game are we talking about here?"

"Oh, you’ve never played Skarr?" Sandy asked. I winced.

"Played what? No one has explained anything."

"It’s like a game of chicken. We all drink a certain amount of water, then whomever last the longest without using the restroom or peeing themselves-"

"Oh my god, are you all still doing that?" Skarr’s gaze pierced my own, and I turned away. "You realize, Josh, that you are two badges and a victory away from becoming the most famous trainer in Kanto? What will it do to your reputation if people find out about this…this… deplorable habit of yours? Holding yourself like a hatchling? And you, ‘Allesandra’!" Sandy flinched as Skarr used her full name. "You think that people won’t find it odd that you piss yourself for pleasure? It’s sick. Degrading yourselves to acting like misguided children!"

"Skarr, that’s enough."

"No! It’s apparently not!" Skarr growled. "Because I’ve said this before, and yet you all continue this weirdness. It’s not natural, and there’s no motive for it!"

"There’s no reason for a plethora of things we do!" I shot back. "What we do by ourselves is our business. If we think it’s fun to hold ourselves, who is anyone else to stop us? It’s not natural to drink water out of bottles, or for Pokémon to eat cooking, but it’s the reality we live in. We entertain ourselves doing all kinds of ‘unnatural’ things – television, roleplaying – why is this any different?"

"Just…because." Skarr shrugged uneasily.

"Hey, I was with you." Myst got out of her chair and circled towards Skarr. "I thought it was weird too, but I gave it a shot. It is weird, but it’s fun too. Silly, and…it feels good. Plus it’s pretty funny."

"Yeah! I was pretty apprehensible at first too!" Nova offered helpfully.

"Apprehensive." Mew corrected.

Skarr turned away in thought.

"And you don’t have to play." I added. "But you shouldn’t judge us for it either."

"…Fair." Skarr admitted quietly. "…I would like to continue playing this game, though."

"Well, it takes a fair amount of time for the other game to get started – thirty or so minutes. How about we all get something to drink, then we keep playing?"

"If it is alright, I would like to exclude myself from…the latter game. But I will continue playing this one, if that is alright with you."

"That’s fair, as long as we don’t feel your disapproving glare too much." I grinned. Skarr rolled his eyes and smiled warily. We all got up to get drinks, and sat back down at the table. I cracked open my purple soda, and took a refreshing, long drink.

"Alright, now where were we?" I grinned, looking at the game board.

"You’ll never take me alive!" Static scowled, instantly getting into character and wielding an imaginary hatchet at Myst and Sandy. I laughed.

###

(Sandy POV)

I sat in the chair with my heel carefully placed in the fork of my legs. To my left, Nova squirmed sheepishly, rubbing his knees and wincing.

Myst eyed him with interest, sitting comfortably on her tail. To my right, Skarr watched our group with concern and reluctant curiosity.

Wigglytuff sat centered between Skarr and Static, more interested in the cookies I made for everyone than either game we were playing.

Static stood on his chair, paws clamped to his sides as he moves figurines on the game board. Mew looked nervous, and studied the expressions of everyone else. Then there was Josh.

He played a very good mental game, but I could tell he was struggling. Over the table, he was talking and helping everyone with the game, using both of his hands to make gestures and move pieces. Under the table however, his legs were crossed seemingly casually…but I knew better.

"How’re you doing, Josh?" I purred.

"Hmmm? I’m fine." Josh blinked. "Anyway, Static, you can’t move that distance in this time period. You can only move six squares."

"Crap. Can I move diagonally?"

"Yes, but only once."

"Alright, so what if I…"

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught Myst give Nova a reassuring hug.

"Awwww." I cooed. I expected Myst to wilt at the attention, but instead she just looked pleased with herself.

"Um. Thank you." Nova blushed, returning the hug with a smile.

"So, what’s the deal with you two?" Josh leaned back in his chair. "Ever since you guys tried to take on Mew, you two have been acting… closer than usual."

"I believe they are an item." Skarr suggested helpfully.

"They are!" Wigglytuff beamed. "Static and I helped fix them up together! Aren’t they adorable?"

Now Myst wilted at the attention, looking away. Nova gave her paw a reassuring squeeze.

"Well, good for you two." Josh nodded.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah." Static waved away the comment. "But seriously, if Mew is going to help blockade the entrance-" Static pointed to an important square on the map. "-it’s our responsibility to sneak food through the cracks in the barricade so Mew doesn’t starve herself."

Static looked up at Mew cautiously. Mew didn’t seem to notice.

"…himself?" Static offered.

Mew looked up curiously.

"…itself?" Static gulped.

"Is there a problem?" Mew smiled innocently.

"What are you?" Static scowled. "I’ve been, like, looking you over, but there are no signs of anything. What are you?"

"I am creation." Mew smirked.

"I mean, like, what’s your gender?"

"What do you want it to be?" Mew grinned, wagging her eyebrows in a sultry motion. Static shivered, unnerved.

"What gender would you prefer to be addressed, I think was Static’s question." Josh offered helpfully.

"When I have been born a male over countless eons, and been born a female countless more, what difference does it make? The heart that beats in my chest is my own, and the mind that pulses with intellect is of one mind."

"But, like, as far as he/she/it goes…" Static trailed off.

"I can transform into any living being at will, so long as I can see them or imagine them well enough. This includes myself; I have died and been born again so many times I have memorized all my forms. I can take the shape of a male or a female version of myself at will, or a male or female version of anyone in this room. Why do genders matter so much to you all?"

Josh was struggled to find a ‘wise’ answer.

"They are how we address each other." I answered simply, for Josh.

"Why?" Mew pondered.

"They offer less ambiguity to whom we are addressing." Josh explained. "If there was a word that meant ‘everyone’ regardless of gender, saying that instead of ‘him’ or ‘her’ would leave the person the speaker was addressing in confusion to whom they would be addressing.

This way, the person has a better understanding of the person you are referring to."

Mew digested this.

"So. How would you like to be addressed, Mew? Do you identify more with one pronoun over another?" I asked.

"Is it possible to identify more with a pronoun then the gender it represents?"

"I suppose." I shrugged.

"As of now I am female, but I recently died as a male. That lifetime lasted over eighty years, until I died of natural causes. This form is new, although I choose the form of myself that is already well matured. I suppose I would prefer the male pronoun, as a reminder of my past life."

"He, then." Josh asked hesitantly.

"Yes." Mew confirmed.

"Okay, cool." Josh nodded.

"Hey, um, everyone?" Nova asked hesitantly. We all looked up, which caused him to shrink back nervously. "C-could we move t-to the kitchen? Like, the table and everything? If I, um, lose, I don’t want to get the wood floors all…" Nova trailed off.

"Oh! Sure." I gulped, standing up. I small wave of desperation pulsed as I stood, whining at me for removing my heel. "Good thinking,

Nova. Josh, can you grab the other end of the-"

"No need." Mew levitated the table to the other room, accidentally smacking a corner of it into the wall. I layer of paint scratched off, revealing the drywall underneath. Mew winced, more carefully levitating the table to the kitchen.

"Urk! Sorry!" Josh apologized. "I’ll, um, I’ll re-paint that later."

"Leave it." I smirked. "It’ll make a good story at least. The time a Mew accidentally levitated a table into my wall."

"Hah." Josh chuckled.

"Um, guys?" Nova whinnied, bouncing up and down. "C-can we go to the kitchen now?"

"Sure." I smirked, grabbing some paper towels out of a cabinet. "But if you pee yourself all over my floor, you have to clean it up."

"That’s fair…" Nova groaned, waddling towards the kitchen.

###

I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, with my heel still pressed into myself. Everyone was expressing signs by this point – Skarr excluded – but I wasn’t sure I would be able to outlast everyone. Nova was at his absolute limit, whimpering in his chair and holding himself. Myst’s tail was a flurry of activity, whipping back and forth as if trying to distract herself. Mew’s normally mystic, floating tail was now coiled up around his leg tightly, and he breathed in shallow breaths. On the other side, Wigglytuff bounced in her chair obviously, crossing and uncrossing her legs every few moments. Static still stood on his chair, obviously reaching some points of desperation but stubbornly continuing the zombie game.

"Okay, I move my guy here…" Static tried to concentrate, his feet crossed and pressed together. "W-which lets me attack, right?"

"Yeah." Josh answered, clearly struggling to hang on as well. "R-roll the dice."

The dice clattered on the table. No one really saw the result, except Static, who leaned over the table to see it. "F-fourteen." He mumbled.

"That hits." Josh nodded, only one of his hands above the table.

"Oh my god I have to pee." Static muttered, doubling over and cringing.

"Saaaaaame!" Wigglytuff moaned, bouncing and pressing a paw to herself.

"Y-yeah, me too…" Nova murmured, but didn’t look up. He was leaned forward completely, holding himself with both paws. Another wave of desperation came over me, and I ground my heel into myself, trying not to think about it.

“A…Ah…” Nova whined aloud, cringing and holding himself tighter.

"Did you lose?" Static asked.

"A bit?" Nova looked down at a small wet patch on his chair, which matched the small dripping from his paws. "T-that only made it worse, though…"

"Mmmm! Stop talking about it!" Wigglytuff whined.

I ground my teeth as I felt another wave hit me, this one stronger than the others. I gasped as I tensed, trying to center more of my weight onto my heel.

"You okay there, Sandy?" Josh purred.

"I’m just fine." I growled, looked back with a determined, competitive gaze. "Yourself?"

"Better then you’re looking."

I scowled, and bit my lip.

"So what will I get when I win?" Myst smirked.

"You’ll never find out." Josh crossed his arms, grinning.

Aaaah. I should’ve gone before the game started…

Josh flashed me a grin. "You’re really struggling, huh? Usually you’d be telling me how I’d never win at this point."

"I’m still going to win. I just don’t want to be all showy about it."

"Is that it?" Josh chuckled.

"I wouldn’t want to embarrass you."

"You’re so considerate."

"You’re lucky to have me." I growled.

“Mmm…Mmmmph…” Nova whimpered, holding himself. A small pool began to grow under him, and trickled off the chair to the tile below. After a moment Nova surrendered and relaxed, causing the stream to splash louder against the floor. I cringed involuntarily; the sound was terrible to hear, and all I wanted to do was to join him, release it, and relax.

"You lose!" Static said. "Clean it up!"

"It’s okay. You lasted longer than last time." Myst nuzzled Nova. Nova blushed and smiled meekly before grabbing the paper towels and getting to work.

I bit my cheek as Static continued to play…I wasn’t sure how much longer I could continue.

"S...s…" Static struggled. "Seventeen."

"Alright. You manage you imbed the axe in the zombie’s skull, but it’s s…" Josh took a calming, shaky breath. "But it’s stuck."

"So what do I do!?" Static whined, bouncing slightly.

"Um." Josh winced. "You can try to remove it, or leave it in, or something."

Another harsh wave of desperation hit me, and I felt warmth spill onto my heel, dampening the inside of my jeans. I gasped and pressed down hard against my foot.

I caught Josh staring at me, and he turned away, blushing. Static was also looking at me curiously, though more out of respect for the game instead of blatant infatuation.

"You still playing?" Myst asked, forcing her tail to be still.

"I, um…" I slipped a hand to my crotch under the table, and held it even harder. My legs were knotted together fiercely, and I noticed my hand was becoming slightly damp. Another hot jet escaped, making a brief hiss as it leaked against my jeans. "N-no, I-I’m at my limit. I-I need to leave now."

The bathroom seemed a mile away. I scooted my chair in and stood up, but the shift in gravity did not help my situation. Another warm stream shot down my leg, dampening my inner thigh. I held myself with one hand and clenched the other, taking slow, deliberate steps towards my bathroom.

Just as I reached the door, another overwhelming urge hit me, and I felt warmth spill down my jeans. With my other hand I grabbed at the doorknob, flinging it open hastily. I realized I hadn’t closed the door, but I was completely out of time. I clenched my crotch one last time, and released my hand to undo the zipper. My other hand tugged at my waistband, ready to remove it as soon as I could. The zipper slid down easily, but the button refused to give. With one final adrenaline boosted jerk, I tore the button free and sat down, just as I completely lost it. I shivered with relief, letting a small moan escape my lips as the warm pee gushed out of me. I lazily kicked the door shut, and leaned back with pleasure.

Finally…

Shaking slightly, I surveyed the damage. There was a small patch in the crotch, but it would be relatively hidden when I stood or sat. Other than that, the dampness was confined to my leg, which I cleaned, and my underwear, which I covertly snuck into the wash.

"Did’ja make it?" Josh asked as I walked casually back in the room.

"Of course." I smirked. "Did you think I wouldn’t?"

###

(Myst POV)

Wiggly was whining up a storm. I thought I was uncomfortable, but compared to her…well, she just wouldn’t shut up.

"Auuugghhh, I have to pee…!" She whined, crossing and uncrossing her feet. She bobbed up and down, exchanging paws to hold hersel every so often. Static was more quiet, but he didn’t look much better. He had stopped playing, and instead drilled a hole in the table with a concentrated, stubborn stare.

"Staaaticcccc!" Wigglytuff bounced, wailing. "Staaticcc?"

"What?" Static growled.

"I have to peeee!"

"Yes. I know." Static’s gaze never broke from the edge of the table. I was laying down in the seat, careful not to put any unnecessary weight on my bladder. I desperately wanted to cross my back paws, but I knew it would only make me more anxious.

"You alright, Josh? You look a bit tense." Sandy purred. Josh was taking slow, controlled breaths, and was staring at something under the table.

"Yeaaah…h-how are you guys doing? Those that are playing, that is." Josh asked slowly.

"I’m alright." I shrugged, trying to control my ever twitching tail.

"Baaaad!" Wiggly bounced, rubbing her feet back and forth.

"Fine." Static droned, not wanting to talk.

"This is exhilarating." Mew’s normally calm crystal eyes were tinged with anxiety and excitement. "I-I’m not sure how I’m performing! I’ve never done this before…"

"It was kinda scary my first time too." Nova smiled at Mew. "But it’s fun, right?"

"Yeah." Mew nodded, breading quicker.

Josh winced, and scooted out of his chair. "Yeaaah. I’m not winning this. Good game everyone; I forfeit." He limped out of his chair, one hand pressed on the fork of his legs, and the other locked firmly to his side. Sandy took this opportunity to stand in his way, and cup her hand around his side.

"Are you not feeling well?" Sandy asked, fake concern glistening in her eyes.

"Not nowww…" Josh moaned, trying to push past her.

"Is something wrong?" Sandy blocked josh persistently as he tried to move past her.

"I swear, I will pee all over you." Josh growled, trying to push through Sandy and make his way to the bathroom.

"Yum."

"You’re disgusting." Josh feigned to the left, then dashed inside the bathroom and locked the door. Sandy growled from the outside. I could hear the splash and the resulting groan from here, which just made my urge worse. I nestled on my back paw, content to discreetly hold myself. It made it a little better, if a bit embarrassing.

"Y-yeah, I…I-I can’t." Wigglytuff jumped out of her seat and dashed towards the hallway. Her back foot got caught on the chair and she tripped, crashing on the tile beneath her. A small pool dribbled out of her, and she quickly grabbed herself with both paws. "Ah…Ah!"

"I’ll get the paper towels." Sandy chuckled.

"No, I-I’m fine!" Wiggly got up, holding herself tightly with one paw

"Don’t pee on my hardwood floor!" Sandy shouted after Wiggly, after Wiggly dashed up the stairs.

Josh opened the door to the bathroom, looking bemused. "Did I miss anything?"

"I expected a small waterfall coming down the stairs, but it looks like she-"

"Sandy….." Wigglytuff’s voice whined from upstairs.

"Yes?"

"C-can you come up here?"

Sandy put a hand to her forehead, and grudgingly got up from her seat. "What happened?"

"J-just come up here…please. A-and you can’t be mad."

"One second, everyone." Sandy excused herself, cursing under her breath. Once she got up the stairs, I felt her mind disconnect from the

Pokespeak. No doubt having a more private conversation.

Static, Mew, and myself. Static didn’t look so hot, but I had no idea about Mew. In theory, couldn’t he just transform into a version of himself with a bigger bladder? How could we ensure he wasn’t cheating?

Static looked bad though. He would drop out soon, willfully or not. That just left me and the god…and beating a god was damn tempting.

###

"F…forfeit." Static stuttered, pushing his chair to the side, and dragging himself to the bathroom. I was impressed; he lasted much longer then I would’ve thought. Now only Mew and I remained.

Wigglytuff came back down the stairs, smelling strongly of cleaning supplies. She smiled awkwardly, and took her seat by Skarr. Skarr hadn’t said much, and was content to simply watch our game play out.

"So, how are you doing, Mew?" I asked, trying hard to stop from trembling.

"Not well, I…believe. I’m not sure…I don’t have a baseline for this." Mew held himself with a paw, and his normally lengthy tail was coiled tightly around his inner thigh. He gave a strange sort of whimper, and held himself tighter. "W-what is the protocol if I s-should fail?"

"You can either go outside, go in Sandy’s bathroom, or…hold it until you don’t, like Nova." Josh shrugged. "No offense Nova."

"He’s not offended." I poked Nova’s belly with a paw. He blushed and poked me playfully in turn. I would have continued this little game, but in my current state, I wasn’t quite in the mood.

"W-what is the normal etiquette in this s-situation?" Mew asked, obviously distressed.

"Whatever you want. If you make a mess though, you have to clean it up."

"As is appropriate." Mew nodded.

Another wave of urgency came over me, and I grinded my paw into myself. I wanted to whine, but such an act would no doubt be seen as a sign of weakness. I was so close…

"I…aaah…" Mew doubled over, and a hot jet of yellow spurted on the tile.

"Can you make it outside, or to the bathroom?" Sandy asked as mew squirmed, trembling.

"I…I…." Mew cringed again, and a stream of pee gushed down his leg, soaking into the pink fur beneath. "Augh, I can’t…I can’t stop it…!"

"Just relax then." Josh suggested. Mew sighed deeply, and stopped resisting. The flow increased, and it splashed on the tile with vigor, creating a passive piddle beneath Mew’s chair.

Watching Mew while holding myself was torture. A little bit leaked onto my paw as my bladder ached for release, moistening my rich, dark fur. I bit my lip and quivered, trying my best not to whimper for release.

It was almost over. It was almost over.

"Well, I suppose that makes you the winner then, Myst." Josh nodded in my direction, impressed."

"Then I will be taking my leave." I bowed in return, and got out of my chair. Removing my paw from its special position was difficult, and as soon as I did I felt another wave of desperation come over me. I didn’t cringe and I didn’t cry out – I simply dealt with it, and continued walking out the door.

"I have a bathroom, you know." Sandy called out to me.

"I prefer the woods. More natural." Although I over exaggerated it with Nova, I really did prefer to be in more natural environments. All these human settlements unnerved me; I preferred to stay hidden. I didn’t make it nearly as far as I would have liked; I had barely made it a few yards from the house when another urge came over me, sending me to my knees, and making me moan aloud, holding myself. I staggered behind a tree and leaned with my back against it, with my chest fully exposed to the elements. I sighed and released myself, and the relief was orgasmic. The pee shot up nearly a foot in an arc before slashing down upon the grass below. I wasn’t intentionally loud, but I did accidentally let out another moan as I slumped against the tree.

F-finally…

*330*2013-11-14 22:08

(Josh POV)

“This is nice.”

“Mmmm?” Sandy turned to me with half closed, deep auburn eyes. Outside, the storm was just coming to an end.

“Just this.” I motioned to us, beneath the covers, talking and enjoying each other’s warmth. Sandy gave me a sleepy smile. “Tomorrow, Blaine. Then I’ll have seven badges. Seven out of eight.”

“You should see your parents first.”

I frowned. “I will. Just not tomorrow. It can wait until-”

“Josh, they probably think you’re dead.” Sandy said. “The news, remember? Not only have you not gone to the news, you haven’t told your parents. They’re probably mourning you right now.”

Oh. Huh.

I nodded reluctantly. “…Alright. Tomorrow, then.”

“Good.” Sandy smiled at me, content with my decision. She rolled over and shut off the lamp, shutting off all but the moonlight that shone from the window. Something warm and soft pressed against my cheek. “Goodnight, Josh.”

“Goodnight, Sandy.” I wrapped an arm around her side, and curled next to her.

###

Skarr had been quiet on the flight over to Celadon. Truthfully I didn’t want to go back either, but I thought I would find respite in my friend, in the very least. Perhaps he had woken up on the wrong side of the pillow, or perhaps something else was amiss.

I made a note to check on it later, once the issue with my parents was resolved. Skarr landed gracefully outside my parents’ house, barely making a rustle in the soft grass beneath his wings. Charizard wasn’t so graceful however, and barely avoided crashing in my parents garden.

"Apologies." Charizard said, pushing herself up and extending a paw to assist Sandy. Sandy gave a tired smirk and accepted it, then returned Charizard to her Pokéball. I did the same with Skarr.

"Thanks for coming with me." I said, holding Sandy’s hand in my own.

"I knew this wouldn’t be easy." Sandy hugged me lightly, and then nodded to the door. With lead in my boots, I walked forward and pressed the doorbell. The house was dark, and the doorbell was faint.

“…Maybe they’re not home.” I suggested, turning to sandy with a guilty, hopeful gaze.

“Let’s stay to find out.”

Grudgingly, I waited at the door. After a few moments I heard some shuffling, and someone unlocked the door. I saw my mother open the door with bloodshot eyes, still in her bathrobe.

“J-Josh?” My mother shook, only holding the door half open. She looked terrified and doubtful, as if I was some kind of aberration.

“H-hey mom.” I said, holding out my arms in an attempt for a hug. She flung the door open and tackled me, crushing my sides.

“They said you DIED, Josh!” She sobbed, squeezing the life out of me. I returned her embrace, if not as fiercely. After a few moments she released me, wiping the tears from her eyes. “O-oh, I’m sorry! W-who is this young lady?”

“Hello Mrs. Karren.” Sandy gave a small curtsy. “Just here for moral support.”

“Are you two together?” My mother smiled a knowing grin.

I nodded happily. “For…six months now?” I turned to Sandy. She shrugged, and gave me a helpless expression.

“Oh, give me a moment. I need to tell Keith you’re still alive!” My mom said. Sandy winced, as if she smelled something distasteful. My mom invited us inside, and walked to the stairs.

“Are you okay?” I asked Sandy. She looked like she was going to be sick.

“Keith.” Sandy shook her head. “I just don’t like the name, that’s all.”

“Why?”

“That was my father’s name, before he...left.” Sandy frowned.

“I’m sorry.” I held her hand gingerly.

“Don’t be.”

My mother came back down the stairs, holding my father in tow. “Look! It’s Josh, Keith! It’s Josh!”

“Hey, Dad!” I looked at my father, but he stared straight through me

“Allesandra?” My father’s hollow, deep voice echoed through the room. I turned to Sandy to see her staring back at him, her face a pale white.

“Hey, dad…” Sandy choked.

###

I smashed another glass back on the table, grimacing as the burning liquid tore at my throat.

“Another one, whenever you have a moment.” I motioned at the bartender.

“Kid, you just got here.” The barkeep frowned, pouring me another shot. “It’s two in the afternoon.”

“It’s two in the afternoon, and I need to get drunk very badly.”

He shrugged, and slid another shot my way. I nodded wearily in thanks.

"So, what happened?" Static asked, nursing an apple martini in his paw. I know he could feel my pain leaking into his consciousness through the

Pokespeak.

"I’d say I didn’t want to talk about it, but you know better." I frowned, taking another shot.

"So? Then talk."

"Sandy and I are related."

"Huh?"

"Her dad is my dad."

Static sat for a few moments, putting the pieces together. "But, wait. Ew. You two are dating!"

"Yeah…"

"You’re dating your…sister?"

"Half-sister." I stared into my empty shot glass, my thoughts already beginning to blur.

"What are you going to do?"

I motioned to the bartender again, and he slid over another shot. "Honestly Static…"

“Room for a third?” Someone asked behind me. I turned to see Sandy, wearing a ragged top and tattered jeans. She grinned warily with bloodshot eyes, and took my shot for herself.

"Sure." I shrugged. It was wrong, but I enjoyed her company. I made room beside myself, and she sat down.

The three of us sat in silence for a long time. Thoughts buzzed in my head, not yet silenced by the alcohol in my blood. What was I going to do?

"Word will get around." Sandy mentioned hollowly. "You’re two badges away from becoming the most famous trainer in Kanto. Hell, I’m already a Brain. We can’t keep this up without the public getting wind…"

"Not to mention the moral ramifications of dating your half-sibling." I groaned, putting my head against the cool, wooden bar.

"Do you still love me?"

I lifted my head enough to meet Sandy’s eye. Though her gaze was unsteady, it never broke from my own.

"Yeah, I love you." I nodded, exhaling a large breath.

“Though the darkness, though the pain?” The words she spoke were audible, even though she never moved her mouth. The world swirled around me slowly, sickeningly. Where had I heard that phrase before?

“To Hell, and back again.” I answered, my lips echoing the phrase that my mind hadn’t fully pieced together. I leaned against the counter, clutching it with an enormous fist. I blinked and looked back at it – my hand was easily the size of a basketball, with seven fingers and no thumb. The world slurred around me. Static was missing, and the bar was empty.

“Sandy?” I called out, and the name echoed back to me. Empty bottles lay scattered around me, and the strong smell of alcohol filled the air. Behind me, someone entered the bar.

I turned to see an Absol. It stared back at me with judgment.

“Use the Masterball.” It spoke with perfect clarity.

“…What?” My mind was fogged, and his words made no sense.

“Use the Masterball.”

I still couldn’t understand him. “What?”

“Josh!” Sandy’s voice screamed from inside the Absol. “USE THE MASTERBALL!”

###

I jolted awake, tasting blood. I was in a clearing somewhere. Static stood in front of me, guarding me with a fierce stream of electricity. Mew levitated a few feet away, a terrible gash torn through his bright pink fur.

"I know you won’t stay dead, but it will be so pleasurable being able to say I finally killed you, you perversion." A haunting voice filled my mind.

"Hah! You’re nothing more than fear, Darkrai. Kill me once, and you will have accomplished nothing! I will be reborn, but when you die you will rot in Giratina’s hells forever!" Mew spat.

Mew and Darkrai eyed each other with venom in the center of the clearing. Trees and small shrubs were blown backwards due to a fight unseen. Darkrai had not a scratch, but Mew looked exhausted and sickened.

I sat up, pushing myself off the charred grass. Sandy screamed something to me, but her voice was lost as an explosion blew us back. Mew held Darkrai back with some kind of force, but Darkrai was resisting with his own black energy.

"In another life, I would have liked to spare you." Darkrai spoke to Mew, his chilling voice overwhelming me with fear. "Keep you as my pet. Do you do tricks? Here, let’s try – speak!"

Darkrai let out a blast of blackness, breaking Mew’s shield and blasting through him.

“AHH!” Mew screamed, clutching his chest and falling to the ground.

"Nothing more than fear, you say?" Darkrai hovered over to Mew threating. "Fear is enough. Fear is infinite, and crippling. Fear is death."

"Fear can be contained." I smashed my Masterball into Darkrai’s back. He whirled around as he became engulfed in scarlet, and screamed as his essence was taken into the orb. The Masterball shook in my hand as Darkrai’s spirit smashed against the sides, unwilling to be captured. It didn’t matter; he had no choice.

"Is everyone okay?" I choked out, pocketing the shaking Masterball. Mew groaned from the clearing, bleeding into the charred grass. I raced over, and quickly gave him a potion.

"T…thank you…" Mew blinked, as if seeing me for the first time.

"Is everyone else alright?" I looked around. Static looked rough, but nothing potion wouldn’t heal.

Sandy looked alright, if a bit terrified. "I-I’m okay. Thanks."

"For what?" I laughed nervously, the familiar feeling of shock and nausea coming over me.

"Um…saving my life?" Sandy smirked in her usual coy way.

"When did I-"

"He wouldn’t remember. His memory has been altered." Mew announced. "Luckily he woke up when he did, but unfortunately his memory of the battle has been destroyed."

"Huh?" Static and I both gulped.

"You don’t remember saving me?" Sandy frowned.

A sense of vertigo suddenly came over me. "N-no, I don’t…what did I…?"

Something caught me. It was warm and pleasant, but I didn’t know what it was.

"Sleep, Josh. Sleep, and your dreams will be unperturbed for now."

###

"So…in your nightmare we were related?"

"Yeah. It was weird…" I rubbed my eyes and yawned. Sandy, Mew, and Static all stood around me, listening to my odd tale.

"You know I’m black, right?" Sandy smirked.

"What? You are?" I turned to Sandy with mock surprise. "W-what!? Why didn’t you tell me? How could you keep this from me all this time!?"

She snorted a laugh. "I’m just saying it doesn’t make sense."

"Dreams have no limitations that the physical world may possess." Mew pointed out.

"I know, but still."

I turned to Sandy. "So, apparently I saved your life?"

"Yup. Pretty badass, except for the part where you fell asleep and got your memories erased."

"So what exactly happened?"

"Let me tell it! Let me tell it!" Static hopped up and down.

Sandy shrugged. "Go right ahead."

"Okay! I had just fallen asleep with Mew hovering over me, ‘cause, you know, she-he-it-whatever doesn’t sleep."

"I prefer he." Mew reiterated.

"Yeah, but you’re a girl so you’re weird." Static waved him off. "Anyway, Mew shouted something and I sprang awake JUST as I saw this dark blob rush into the house. I ran into the living room to see Mew and Darkrai just smashing the living room and sending bolts of power soaring through the walls and tables!" Static raced around the room, mimicking the apparently amazing battle that I had forgotten. "It was so loud. You and Sandy raced down the stairs, and Darkrai turned to you to kill you, but Mew struck him from behind. In a fit of confusion he shot at you but missed, and shot instead at Sandy. You dove in front of it-"

"Niiiice." I nodded, satisfied I was still alive.

"-and got blasted into a wall, and fell unconscious."

"The move was Dark Void, if you were curious." Mew explained. "Normally it just puts something to sleep and induces nightmares, but due to the force behind the attack and the fact you’re both human and mortal, it hit you a bit harder than normal."

"Wait." I blinked. "But I woke up outside. How did we all get outside?"

Sandy sighed. "Remember how we were upstairs in my room, and how my house is two stories?"

"Yeah?"

"We had an unscheduled demolition. My house is now one story."

I took a moment to process the information, then looked out the window. Sure enough, we were on the ground floor despite being in the ‘upstairs’ section of the house. "Shit. Darkrai broke your house?"

"He didn’t act alone, I’m afraid." Mew swallowed guiltily. "Though I acted in the interest of saving lives, technically most of the damage was caused at my hands."

"Shit. Um, how are we going to pay-"

"I have insurance." Sandy waved me off. "I’ll…wow. I have no idea what I’ll tell them. But don’t worry about it."

"Okay…and I still have Darkrai." I looked over at the Masterball sitting on the dresser. It was dangerously still.

"You have Darkrai?" Mew turned to me with a fierce gaze. "I recall you promising to destroy the Masterball, per my agreement to serve you."

"I meant, he’s still a problem!" I blurted out. "I don’t mean I own him or that the Masterball won’t be broken, I just mean that he is still an issue that needs to be resolved!"

"And how do you plan to go about ‘resolving’ him, then?" Mew asked, with a headily venom in his eyes. I rolled out of bed, grabbed the Masterball, and offered it to Mew.

"You can have it, or you can give it to another one of the Ancients – maybe Mewtwo. Someone that will take care of Darkrai, and make sure he doesn’t get out of hand."

Mew squinted in thought.

"What are you thinking of?"

"Well. You have proved yourself so far…" Mew’s tail began flicking back and forth, and he followed it with a playful gaze. "…how about you hold on to it while I regain my old power. Once I recall how to teleport, I will go back to the Temple of the Ancients and give the ball to Mewtwo."

"That’s fine."

"Excellent!" Mew pounced triumphantly on his tail.

"Alright, that’s settled." I nodded. "Okay, who’s up for fighting Blaine?"

"Yeah!" Static cheered.

"Nope. You promised me you would talk to your parents, remember?" Sandy nagged.

"But I already did!" I pointed out. "It didn’t go so well."

"When?"

"In my dream, remember?" I grinned.

"For real." Sandy emphasized her statement with a poke to my chest.

"Alright, fine, fine."

"And we should go now. You’ve been asleep for a little over a day, and…well…"

"What?"

"Your parents are holding your funeral today."

I let out a long breathe. "Oh. Oh, wow."

"Duuuude!" Static jumped in the air excitedly.

"Static, this is bad. Really bad." I frowned.

"Dude! You can crash your own funeral!" Static yelped. "Swagger all up to the pew and be all badass!"

"Actually that does sound pretty cool…" I grinned. Sandy gave me a disapproving look, which I ignored. "Hey Mew?"

"Mmmm?" Mew turned to me, biting the end of his tail.

"If you transformed into my hat could you still levitate?"

"Yes?"

"Could you levitate yourself and the person wearing you?"

"Yes."

"What if the person fell from a significant height? Say…thirty to fifty feet? If the person was wearing you, could you bring them slowly to a stop without hurting them?"

"Easily."

"Josh, no." Sandy ordered. I grinned back at her. "Josh, your parents are going to be beside themselves with grief. Are you really thinking of doing this?"

"I’m already going to be alive. Why not make an entrance everyone will remember?" I smirked. Sandy sighed, rubbing her forehead with her palm.

*335*2013-11-27 20:01

"So you lied?"

"It’s not lying, exactly."

"What is it then? Procrastination?"

"Bending the truth. Just a little." I smirked guiltily as Skarr and I landed at the small island of Cinnabar. "Plus, I am going to go talk to my parents. Just, you know. The service doesn’t start until five anyway; why inconvenience so many people?"

"There are days where I question your logic." Skarr deadpanned behind me. The Cinnabar gym looked a bit decrepit – rust covered a section of the entrance, and cracks were appearing in the once great pillars.

In a flash of red, all my allies appeared before me. All of them looked towards the gym, save Nova who looked around questioning the change in scenery.

"Where’s Sandy?" Nova asked.

"She’ll be meeting us at the Cave later, gym badges pending." I answered.

"Okay, cool."

"So? Let’s go and battle!" Static hopped up the crooked stairs leading up to the gym.

"Aren’t we forgetting something?" Myst scowled. Static turned back, and shot her a confused look. "Weren’t we supposed to go to your funeral?"

"Yeah, later. It’s at five, so-"

"-so we can get there before all the guests? All the people that think you’re murdered?"

"We still have time."

"Josh…" Myst frowned.

"What?"

Myst gave me a disappointed frown. I waved her off, and continued up the stairs, followed by my small hoard of Pokémon. Begrudgingly, Myst transformed me once more into Nightshade.

"Would you like a hat?" Mew asked me politely.

"I would prefer a watch…can you do that?"

Mew laughed. "Sure. Let’s try that."

It wasn’t perfect, and it moved backwards in time, but it would do. Like everything Nightshade wore, it quickly turned pitch black. I nodded, and walked in the gym.

###

Inside the gym, an elaborate maze was constructed out of trenches of some strong smelling liquid. Kerosene?

It would have been an amazing if dangerous trial, had the trenches actually been lit on fire. I could just imaging the walls of flame of the maze, and the dizzying heat and frustration of making your way to Blaine. Unfortunately, they weren’t lit. Without the flame’s obscuring walls, the maze was simple to traverse.

"So…this is anticlimactic." Nova frowned.

"Anti-what?" Static looked over.

"I mean, like, nothing’s happening! All the lights are off."

"Careful with your tail, Nova." Myst pointed out, once Nova’s tail got a bit too close to the yellowish liquid.

"Oh! Thanks." Nova grabbed his tail, and held the flame carefully. "Though I don’t think it would’ve lit anyway."

"Just in case."

The end of the maze was in sight. I could see a lone trainer at the back, laying on some kind of slab.

“Hello?” I called out, before remembering my guise as Nightshade. I cleared my throat. “Has this place already been claimed by the shadows?”

The figure sprung out of the slab, smashing against a pressure plate on the floor and igniting two massive torches to her sides. She held two batons, both with a strange black tip on both ends.

“Greetings, Shadow-Walker.” She purred, twirling one of the batons dangerously close to the open flame. “You’ve kept me waiting awhile, you know.”

“I’ve been expected?”

“Oh yes. Don’t you know never to keep a girl waiting?” The woman stepped forward with a coy smirk on her face. She wore a dark grey leotard, which clashed against her pale white skin. She had short black hair, which curled quickly above her shoulders as if burned by fire.

“Who are you?”

“I am Enya, daughter of Blaine, Temptress of Fate, and The One That Dances With Fire!” She swirled around, catching one of her baton ends ablaze. In an impressive display, she lit all four ends of the batons on fire and swirled them around herself at extraordinary speeds. More than once, I could’ve sworn she touched herself with the fire, but each time she appeared unaffected. “I presume you are Nightshade, of course. Darkrai’s Avatar, and Master of Darkness?” She lifted the baton to her lips and licked one of the ends, extinguishing it.

“Darkrai and I had a…disagreement. I work alone.”

“Do tell.” Enya supported herself on a baton, and leaned forward promiscuously.

“I would prefer to keep such actions confidential.”

“A shadow creature like yourself would enjoy keeping secrets…” Enya shrugged. She took a swig of something on her belt, then held the flaming end of one of the batons to her lips. A burst of flame resulted, existing at the edge of her scarlet lips. “Working by yourself must make you lonely. Even darkness has more than itself to keep it company.”

“Darkness needs no company but itself.”

“Oh, contraire.” Enya smirked, strutting towards me, batons blazing. “Darkness needs light, does it not? How else are shadows meant to flicker in excitement, or dance across the walls? You need light – you need fire.” By now, she was almost touching me she was standing so close. She held the batons behind her, and leaned forward with lustful eyes. “The shadow can’t exist without the light. So, why have you come, Nightshade? To battle, or to have a reminder of what it means to exist amongst us mortals?”

I saw where this was going. To my horror, I realized what she was lying on before was a bed. “I have only come to battle. I am above such…actions, now.”

“Ah, too strong willed to be taken by the fires of passion; too proud to be taken by the temptations of the flesh?” In a slow motion, she slid the baton down her hand, licking the side lightly. I gave a quick thanks that my illusion kept my blush invisible. “Now, come. No god is infallible. If you are to fall for a mortal, what more poetic way then for it to be your opposite? Your downfall; the one thing darkness can never resist? Even night eventually kneels to the day…” She placed her hand possessively upon my chest.

I quickly took a step back. “I-I am no god, nor do I have any inclination to…fffffornicate…” I gulped, “…with the mortals of this plane, as…tempting as they may be.”

She gave a rich laugh. “Oh, Nightshade, I am no mere mortal. Send out your Pokémon, and I’ll show you how deep the fire runs in my veins!” She dipped a burning end into the yellow rivers at our feet, igniting the liquid. The flame jumped up, creating walls around me, and an arena bathed in flames. The heat overwhelmed me immediately, and I staggered backwards. “Don’t tell me you can’t stand it, Shadow. A bit of heat won’t hurt you…”

“H-how can we battle in these conditions!? My shadows can’t withstand this heat!” I winced, covering my eyes.

“Oh? Do you submit to me then, Nightshade?” Enya stood forcefully in the middle of the arena, absorbing the fire’s heat from all sides.

"I can handle it." Nova thought quietly, still invisible due to Myst’s illusion. "I can fight."

"If something happens, I have no backup plan. No one else can withstand these flames!" I ground my teeth. "At least not for long…"

"Do you think I can, Josh?"

“Don’t keep a girl waiting…” Enya purred.

"I know you can, Nova." Myst though quietly.

"Yeah. You can do this." I agreed. “You think you can best me, Dancer of Fire? Darkness has always existed, before fire, before light. Go, StarVoid! End this misguided mortal’s fantasies.”

“Go, Gasoline!” Enya snarled, sending out a fierce looking Flareon. “Do what you do best. Burn. Burn it all.”

###

(Nova POV)

“Ready for this, you overgrown lizard?” Gasoline hissed.

I felt my multicolored claws grow out of my paws as I walked towards the center of the battlefield. Towers of flame flickered around me, roasting my orange fur.

"Dragon Claw." Josh ordered, but I was already a step ahead. I raced forward, a chromatic trail of light flying behind my claws. Flareon tensed to jump, and I caught her in midair, smashing her downward in a blast of power.

“Auuugh!” She screamed, crashing on her side before springing back up. She gasped a huge breath and tensed, blasting the room in a wave of heat. I shielded my face, but felt the fire burn the ground I walked on, and char my flesh.

After a moment the flames subsided, and I again raced to finish her off. My claws clattered off a green shield she made at the last possible second. I growled and swiped again, but my fist met a torrent of fire. I dived out of the way before my arm could become completely singed.

Gasoline stood towards the corner of the room, with a coy smirk on her face. “Can’t handle the heat, worm?”

“I’ll rend you in twine!” I shouted, mustering all the venom I could. She bolted forward in a blast of energy, and I countered with a swipe of my draconic claws. I was too slow to overpower her, but I was able to redirect her attack. Her momentary disorientation was all it took for me to drive my claws across her sides, knocking her unconscious.

"Who’s next!?" I growled, adrenalin pumping in my veins.

"You’ve taken too much damage. We need you if things go south." Josh thought. "Static, can you get in there? You won’t be in for long; I just need to heal Nova."

"Do what you need to." Static nodded.

“Go, Volkerosene!” Eyna cried, sending a tall Typhlosion in next to me.

"I need it. And I need you. Get out there."

"Yes sir." And Static took my place in the flames.

###

(Static POV)

The heat was unbearable. I wasn’t standing in the fire, but I was so close I could feel it. It was worse than a sandstorm, and I could feel myself being cooked.

“How’s it feel being well done?” Volkerosene cackled, cracking his fingers menacingly. “Careful, you might get burned here, runt.”

Electricity crackled around me, and I smirked despite my charred fur. “Bring the fire, bitch.”

"Static! Fake out, then thunderbolt! I’ll try to heal Nova while he’s distracted by the blows."

"Got it." I thought. The Typhlosion stood cockily on the other side of the room, obviously listening to orders as well.

After a moment, he fell on all fours. “Last chance to run.”

“Not in your dreams.”

His mane burst into flame, and he leaned back grabbing a heated breath. I was already on him, paws crunched together. He flinched back growling, but he was far too slow. My foot crunched against his muzzle, crackling with the electricity from my cheeks. It smacked his jaw up, and he staggered backwards. I rushed in with another blow, but he caught me with a fist and brought me right up to his face.

“My turn.” He snarled. With the other hand he smashed me across the face, sending me sprawling to the floor. I struggled up, but a wave of fire flew across the field, sending me back to the ground.

“Argggh.” I pushed myself off the ground, wincing.

“Go home. This is the big leagues now, and you’re not cut out for this.” Volkerosene smirked.

I bolted towards him, cerulean electricity pulsing around my darkened form. Volkerosene flipped and smashed a paw to the floor. A spike of earth crunched against my chest, using my own speed against me. The edges of my vision turned to black, and I felt the flame consume me.

“Go home, you runt.”

###

(Josh POV)

I returned Static to his Pokéball, my hands clenched at my sides.

“Hopefully that wasn’t your master plan?” Enya cooed.

"You all set, Nova?" I said, careful not to let too much anger leak into his consciousness.

"Don’t worry, Josh. I’ll fight with the strength of both of us."

“Go on, Volkerosene. Let’s show the darkness why it has always been submissive to the light.”

“StarVoid, show no mercy. Consume them in your wrath.”

*339*2013-12-05 23:01

(Nova POV)

I roared. I don’t think I’ve ever done that before, but it just felt right. The Typhlosion took a step back, and looked startled.

Good.

“Roast him alive, Volkerosene!”

“Tear him apart, StarVoid.”

We circled each other, unsure of who would attack first. He broke the impasse first, striking at me with a hardened fist. I dodged and returned the blow, striking his exposed gut with my claws. He winced and shoved me away harshly, pounding me with a paw. I sprung up and dove at him, but he raced to the side spitting a wall of fire. I responded in kind, matching his ferocity with my own.

He faltered, his flame weakening. My flamethrower did the rest, blasting him backwards and throwing him into the room’s flame.

“Who’s next?” I roared, relishing the feeling of heat on my fur.

###

“Go, FlashPoint!” Enya shouted, sending out an experienced looking Monferno. He sent out two quick jabs, and swept the floor with his foot, daring me to face him. I stood my ground, glaring holes though his eyes. “Pound him to oblivion!”

"Outrage."

I didn’t need any more instruction; I had been fighting back the feeling from the beginning of the fight. My eyes shone with light, and once again I was enveloped with light.

“Nope! Haha!” FlashPoint raced at me, flipping in midair and landing on my shoulders, smashing his paws in my face. I flinched, losing my focus. He then pounded me with a limb, sending me sprawling to the ground. “Get up, dragon! Get up!”

I growled and pushing myself to standing. The fire no longer felt so choking; it was invigorating and empowering. My eyes shone with light once more, and my claws returned, elongated and carved with color.

Flashpoint dove at me, and I countered with a swipe. He dodged expertly, knocking his fist against my muzzle. I roared again and struck out but missed again. FlashPoint dodged out of sight, and I whirled around angrily. I felt a sudden pain against my back, and fell again to the ground.

“Haha! You’d be more of a challenge if you stopped falling!” the Monferno grinned.

“I dashed and flung my claw at his heart. He dodged to the right but I predicted this, and smashed him with my back foot. FlashPoint stumbled back disoriented, and I rushed to end him. He flipped backwards catching himself with his hands, and kicked with both his feet. He pushed me into the air by my gut.

I felt the blackness of unconscious bend at my mind, but I willed it away. I saw the ground approached me again, but again I willed it away. I saw myself losing the battle, and I willed reality to bend to my wishes.

I saw Monferno’s eyes grow wide as I floated in the air, impervious to gravity.

“Die.” I ordered, diving upon him from the air. He stood there in complete shock as I ran him through, my claws catching him in his core before I threw him against the wall. He bounced off but I was already there, smashing him back into it. With one final kick, he flew across the room, returning to the floor with a crunch.

I was exhausted. I looked up to Josh for confirmation, and I noticed everyone in the room was staring at me. "What?"

"Nice wings." Myst complemented me. I looked at my back, and I agreed. They suited me nicely.

###

(Josh POV)

"Dude. Major props; we’ll talk after the battle, alright?"

"Okay!" Nova chirped happily. He walked to my side calmly, if a bit more clumsily than normal.

“If you have no other Pokémon, I’ll be taking that badge.”

“Leaving so soon?” Enya pouted, leaning on one of her flaming batons. “Are you so sure I can’t give you a reason to stay?”

“My regrets, Enya. The light and the dark are not meant to dwell in each other’s company. Find vibrance and passion in another’s light.”

Enya frowned, tossing me an orange badge. “Think of me, will you? If ever you finish your quest, and you’re looking for company…”

“Don’t dwell on dreams, Enya. My heart is a void no mortal can fill.” And I turned and left the gym.

###

(Josh POV)

"Your heart is a void?"

"Hmmm?"

"Doesn’t that seem, I don’t know, dark?" Myst frowned at me.

"Well, yeah, that’s the point. Nightshade is supposed to be dark. That’s me acting him out."

"But your heart isn’t a void. You’re in love with Sandy." She pointed out.

“Your pokemon are healed, sir.” The nurse smiled at me.

“Thanks, you t…t-take care now.” I struggled not to say ‘you too’.

“You as well.” She smiled, and returned to her duties.

"Yes, I love her." I turned back to Myst. "So, like, in a way, you could say she has my heart. Ergo, I don’t have a heart."

"But then she loves you too, right?" Nova chimed in. "And you have her heart?"

"Yeah?"

"So, didn’t you guys just trade hearts? So you have Sandy’s, and Sandy has yours?"

"I don’t know if that’s how it works." I put a finger to my lips in thought.

"Either way, it wouldn’t leave you heartless would it?" Mew asked.

"I suppose not. Maybe I was just being dramatic for NightShade’s sake."

"Well, I approve." Skarr laughed from the air above us. "Melodrama is never lost on me."

"Finally, someone that understands." I laughed. Skarr cackled above me in kind.

"Oh! Oh!" Nova chirped. "You said you would talk to me after the battle! What did you think?"

"You did awesome, man." I smiled…then bit my lip. "Though honestly…I thought you would be taller."

Nova now stood about four and a half feet tall, only slightly taller from his old Charmeleon self. Not just his height set him apart from the other

Charizard; he was still covered in his normal light-orange fur, and his head was enormous. It made him look cute, but not exactly the ferocious dragon you’d expect a Charizard to be.

"I think he looks adorable." Myst countered, snuggling up next to the dragon. Nova smiled and nuzzled her in turn.

"You two are going to give my diabetes." I rolled my eyes, unclipping a pokeball from my belt and sending it out.

Static appeared of the scarlet, disoriented. "Where…oh damn it. Did I faint?"

"Yeah. Sorry."

Static bowed, dejected. "Volkerosene said I wasn’t fit to battle these higher level Pokémon. That’s what he said before I fainted."

"Ready to prove him wrong?" I gave Static a challenging grin. "The next gym is ground. I’m going to need your hidden power ice to take them down."

"You can count on it." Static gave me a sharp nod.

"And you, Skarr?"

"As always, at your service."

"I’ll just be here, keeping your illusions." Myst sighed.

"Don’t worry, you’ll get training in the Caves." just saying the word made my heart race, but it seemed to pacify Myst. "Anyway, let’s head out."

"I can fly you!" Nova offered.

"I’m being replaced!" Skarr yelped.

"No, no! I-I just got these!" Nova pointed at his wings, flapping them experimentally. "I just, I wanted show off!"

"I’m kidding. It’s fine." Skarr waved his own wing carelessly, but I saw a look of regret as he turned away.

"Let’s give you some time to use them before long distance flights, hmmm?" I suggested.

"Okay!"

"Alright!" Everyone disappeared in a flash of red, save Skarr, and my watch, who seemed to be smirking at me. "Are you ready, Skarr?"

"Am I ever not?" He smirked, and stretched his wings.

*342*2013-12-13 05:50

{{: 

Finally! After a day of reading, I finally caught up! And I gotta say. Wow. You make mine look like crap.

Also, while I loved that Nova finally evolved, will the others ever evolve? And will Josh keep Darkrai as a member of his team or will he finally get two more members of his team? I recommend a grass and a water type for a balanced party, as well as them being from Kanto. There is enough non Kanto Pokemon in his team as is. But this just what I think, as it is your story and up to you what you do next.

And one more thing, are you going to include stuff from X and Y?

}}

(You'll just have to keep reading to find out! ;P)

(Josh POV)

"Must you pry into everything?"

"It’s my job to pry!"

"Then I relieve you of duty."

Mew squirmed on my wrist, causing the watch to glow oddly "Hey! What are you guys talking about?"

"Josh here," Skarr groaned. "Believes he can diminish the world’s woes by talking about every facet of human emotion ad nauseam."

"I wouldn’t be pressing, but you gave me a weird look when Nova suggested flying me to Viridian." I countered.

"Oh, and I suppose your extensive knowledge about Skarmory mentality deducted that my feelings were at fault?"

"Well, technically," Mew began. "Your hydrocortisone hormones are fourteen percent more active than normal, which is conducive of experiencing a troubling or unpleasant event."

Skarr growled.

"Don’t worry Mew. Skarr’s a bit difficult at times, but he always comes around." I smirked.

Skarr turned to face me, flying through a cloud. "Difficult, am I?"

"Only occasionally."

Skarr turned back to the sky in front of him, and glided lazily around a thermal. "Alright, fine. Yes, I was upset."

"Why?"

"I know this sounds childish, but…" Skarr sighed into the wind. "Lately it seems we have less and less time together. I realize you have responsibilities to others as well – Sandy, Static, and the others – but…I miss you, I suppose." Skarr hung his head. "I enjoy being with the others as well, but we rarely get any time alone like we use to. I remember when we were younger and we would fly all across Kanto, fighting Fearows and mocking each other insistently." Skarr grinned nostalgically. "I…I miss that. Now it seems the only time we have alone is when we fly. I suppose…I didn’t want to lose that."

"I’m sorry, Skarr. I didn’t understand."

"I didn’t expect you to understand." Skarr flapped a bit harder, gaining altitude. "You have responsibilities now. You have a title to achieve. The only constant in life is change, and I’m foolish to expect anything different."

"That’s not true. I hadn’t thought about it before, but you’re right. I’ve been neglecting you as an individual. Actually, all of you, come to think of it." I thought.

"Neglect is too strong of a word. Neglect is what Matilda did to Nova." Skarr pointed out.

"Still. I should make an effort to hang out with you all one on one too."

"I wouldn’t mind that."

"Oh, also, may I ask something?"

"Go right ahead."

"Why didn’t you choose to utilize Mew last battle?" Skarr asked. I saw Mew’s hands perk up to the eleventh and first hour respectively.

"I’m glad you asked! Mew, we should have this talk as well." I turned to look at my clock.

"What about?" Mew asked, winking the clock at me. I felt unnerved.

"Well, your fight with Darkrai was impressive, but…" I bit my lip, trying to find a polite way to phrase my next statement. "It appeared, however, as if you may have not been fighting to your fullest, um…"

"You don’t think I’m ready!" Mew squeaked outrageously.

"Yesandno." I gulped. "You obviously have a lot of experience overall, but this form of yourself may not be quite as…knowledgably about tactics, and your movepool-"

"I saved your life! I fought a darkrai! I single handedly knocked your entire party of Pokémon prone when they ambushed me all at once!"

"You did save my life, but it almost cost yours in turn. You knocked all my pokemon down yes, but you barely did any damage, and you almost took enough damage to faint."

"I took on Darkrai!"

"You were using psychic moves against him." I thought quietly.

"What else!? I’m a psychic type – my moves were more effective against him."

Skarr cringed. If there was any doubt in my mind that Mew wasn’t ready, it was erased by that last statement.

"Mew." Skarr spoke slowly and clearly. "Psychic type moves don’t even affect dark types."

"…Oh."

We flew in silence for a long moment. I didn’t want to embarrass Mew like that, but it was partially unavoidable, and partially necessary. More than trusting in his own power, he needed to learn to trust me. It was a hard and unpleasant lesson, but if we were going to be a team a line needed to be drawn.

"I guess being a newborn has its drawbacks." Mew squirmed. "…W-what are we going to do? There are obvious gaps in my logic and mind – I feel inadequate."

"Well, first things first," I said. "You’re not inadequate. You just need some help. Luckily, I know just the overdramatic bird for the job."

"Oh?" Skarr turned to me with mock disgrace.

"Can you stop by Celadon mall on the way to Viridian?" I asked politely.

"Oh? Feeling nostalgic are we?" Skarr smirked, turning to face the wind.

"Always." I laughed. "But not quite. There’s something I need to get first."

###

(??? POV)

Failure.

The voice was back, brushing against my conscious like a feather dipped in venom. The scars in my mind let the voice in with no resistance, letting the poison of the words drip inside me like mucus. I wish I could say I was too jaded to care, but it hurt every. Single. Time. Every word was another twist of my personal knife, and every phrase another poison I choose to ingest.

How long had I sat here? I no longer knew the day, the week, the year. I no longer remembered the feeling of sunlight on my skin, or a sincere complement of a friend. I had alienated myself long ago; years, ever since…

You’re a disgrace.

I knew it all too well. The curtains were drawn, and a layer of dust covered my surroundings.

Suddenly, I heard a sound. It was unlike the voices; it was audible and sounded like a small creak. I looked up. Someone was opening my door.

I opened my mouth to great them, but no sound came out. How long had it been since I used my voice? With a lazy flick, I turned on my Pokespeak.

"Who goes there?" I demanded, standing up from my throne.

"Don’t tell me you haven’t expected me." A dark man stood at the doorway, smirking a brilliant but black smile. "I would loathe to appear rude and unannounced."

"You’ve done well getting this far." I slumped back into my chair, and the voices resumed their taunting. "Tell me. Has anyone else figured out your disguise?"

"The shadows need no disguise." The man shrugged.

Fool.

Educate him.

Show him the weakness of pride.

Show him what hubris does to a mortal, and use it to crush him.

Crush him like it crushed you.

With a haunting smile, I pressed a hidden button on my throne. Sand began seeping through the walls, and a hot, dry heat oozed into the room.

###

(Josh POV)

"It’s a Sandstorm!" Myst yelped.

Sand began circling in the gym, wrapping around us and obscuring my view of the gaunt man in the chair. He had brown, disheveled hair and a loose, baggy blue shirt. His jeans were dirty and scuffed, but not torn. More than anything, he looked tired and…unhealthy.

"Okay. We can still win." I shrugged.

"No! You don’t understand! If I become damaged I’ll- arrrgh!" Myst winced as the sand dug into her coat. The illusion vanished around me, and my disguise of Nightshade was gone."

"It was dramatic while it lasted." the man grinned.

"I’m trying to keep my face out of the spotlight." I frowned.

Not like that’ll work anymore.

"I’m not going anywhere." the thin man slouched in his large chair.

He’s lying.

I blinked. Why was I distrusting of this person? He was a gym leader after all, plus, he looked rather…

…unmotivated.

"Who are you?" I asked.

The man smiled, plucking a single Pokéball from his belt. "Me? I am many things. Disgrace, self-loathing, dishonor. I am broken dreams, I am unmet goals. I am failure. Permanent and eternal."

"Now who’s being dramatic?"

The man laughed a slow, broken, hollow laugh.

I waited a moment before continuing. "So? What’s your name?"

"Madness. Tragedy. Calamity. Ruin." the man grinned. "How many more synonyms do you want?"

"You don’t have a name?"

"I did, long ago. I was proud of my name, too. I was sure that name would mean something one day, and it almost did. Except it didn’t." He looked at me with soulless grey eyes. "No one has beaten the Elite Four in over fourteen years. You think you have a shot?"

"Yes." I nodded.

"So did I." He smiled sadly. "I beat them too. Lost against the Champion, though. With all my savings spent, had to get a job. Offered this. This became my life. My worth. I never accomplished my heart’s desire. I was a failure, doomed to never succeed."

His story sounds like mine.

I pushed my troubling thoughts aside. "Why didn’t you just try again?"

"It’s not that simple. People judge you for trying. Pretty soon you become the person that failed twice. Then three times, then four. They stop cheering for you. They stop noticing you. Soon, you stop cheering for you too. You’ll realize you’re just running through the motions, knowing you’ll never truly succeed."

Will that be me?

"So why do you stay here, then? You can’t find another job that would make you happier?" I reasoned.

"No. My job is here, to crush the dreams of others as my own were."

I smirked. "I can’t help but notice you only have one Pokéball."

"I’ve only ever needed one." He sighed quietly. "Only one should be forced to share in my suffering. Are you ready?"

Are you? He clearly has the upper hand here, you don’t even-

"Gah!" I cried, covering my ears. "What is this gym doing to me!?"

"The thoughts?" The man grinned madly. "My own design. Tinkered with a Pokespeak for a few years to have it work correctly."

Leave. Leave now. You’ll never win.

The man leaned back into his chair. "What’s it like, hearing the thoughts of your own doom?"

"Feelings are subjective! I won’t allow your perspective to overpower my own!"

"Then allow my force to overpower you." The man threw his Pokéball onto the arena, and I threw my own.

"Go, Skarr!" I commanded.

A Nidoking emerged second, his roar penetrating through the swirling sands. "Go, Morphine." the gym leader ordered. "End it. End it all."

###

(Skarr POV)

Josh, what were you thinking!?

" That’s a poison type; my strategy is useless!" I yelped. "What do you want me to do, stall it to death!?"

Josh gulped. "Actually, that wouldn’t work either. If you roosted once, he would hit you with a super effective earthquake."

"Why did you send me in then!?" I growled.

"I assumed he would send in something that wasn’t immune to poison!"

"Well, switch me out!"

"Argh, I can’t!" Josh winced. "He only has one Pokémon; switching would just put us at a disadvantage!"

"What should I do then!?"

"Just go pure offense. Brave Bird."

I’m defensive, you fool! Or do you already know that I’m doomed!?

The Nidoking brandished his claws in the air, powering up his future attacks.

“Kraaa!” I screeched, diving at him from the air. I smacked into his abdomen, gracelessly flying straight into his gut. I recoiled and attempted to regain altitude, but a massive purple fist grabbed my back leg and held me in place.

“Submit.” Morphine ordered, his face inches from my own.

This is going to hurt…

“I refuse!” I scratched, attempting to bash him with my skull. He held me at arms distance with a cold look of disapproval, and opened his crooked maw. A torrent of flame engulfed me, causing my wings to flare up red hot. I screamed and attempted to resist, but he just held on tighter. At last I broke free, but my wings crumpled beneath me, and I fell to the floor.

The sandstorm raged above me. Somehow I was still conscious, but everything was hazed in red and black. I fought to remain cognizant, and pushed myself to standing with my disobedient wings.

Josh expected more from you.

I stumbled, and landed back in the sand. I felt a massive weight push against my back, and saw the Nidoking standing above me.

“I didn’t give you a choice.” Morphine’s hollow words echoed in my skull as I felt his foot crunch into the small of my back. The world faded out of view, and the bliss of unconsciousness deprived me of the awareness of my failure.

###

(Nova POV)

He’s not going to choose you.

Worthless.

Unwanted.

“Urk…” I winced, trying to cover my head from the dark thoughts of the gym. W-why were they so bad now? Hadn’t I become stronger? Hadn’t I come to terms with my strengths and weaknesses? Hadn’t I understood that I was loved?

They pity you.

You’re around due to a sense of obligation, not love.

Who could love you, after all?

"Nova!" Josh ordered. "I’m guessing the Nidoking has Earthquake, so we know three of its four moves. You’re resistant Flamethrower, and downright immune to Earthquake. His Home Claws just powers up his attack, so that also won’t hurt you. You ready?"

You’ll fail.

You’ll cry.

It’s all you’ll ever do.

All you’ll ever be good for.

"I-I don’t know if I can." I shivered, clutching my tail.

"Pay attention to me." Josh nodded sharply in my direction. "I believe in you, Nova. I love you, and you can do this. Don’t pay attention to the gym’s voices."

You don’t deserve his love.

"Okay…" I jumped, and clumsily flew onto the arena. The Nidoking was ready.

“Submit.” Morphine ordered, his eyes sunken.

“I won’t give in.”

“I’m not giving you a choice.” The Nidoking rushed at me, jumping into the air. I stopped flying on impulse, and fell like a stone to avoid getting clobbered.

That was close.

Are you so sure you can dodge next time?

"Outrage, Nova!"

Do it.

You’ve proven you’re stronger than your fear.

This should be easy for you.

Unless it’s not.

And you’ve learned nothing.

I struggled, but the feeling of invulnerability was lost. I gave Josh a panicked expression.

You’re worse than useless.

You’re a liability.

A problem.

A danger to Josh’s dream.

To the other’s dreams.

To your dream.

You failure.

"That’s fine! Dragon claw or flamethrower!"

Maybe I couldn’t summon my dragon, but I could always summon flame. A blast of heat shout out of my mouth, covering the Nidoking in flame. He leapt up, his armored scales still aflame, and smashed me back on the ground. His fist felt like a sledgehammer, and my muzzle crunched as I hit the floor.

"No!" I heard Josh scream.

I felt the all too familiar feeling of blackness evade my vision, and everything faded around me.

Useless. It’s all you’ll ever be.

###

(Josh POV)

Smack Down. Of course his final move would be smack down. The only rock move a Nidoking could learn that could take down a Charizard.

You should have predicted that.

You’re losing your edge.

You think you can beat the Elite four with those skills?

You’re losing it, Josh.

"I’m waiting, trainer." The gym leader spoke, sinking ever deeper into his stained, leather chair.

"Let me do it." Myst growled.

"Myst, no." I shook my head. "You have no advantage, no trick up your-"

"He beat Nova. He hurt him. I want him to pay." She snarled, digging her paw in the sand.

Do it.

What do you have to lose?

They already don’t trust you now.

Two losses in a row. Two Pokémon fainted.

Think you can gain their trust again?

Doubt it.

I ground my teeth, trying to ignore the dark thoughts coursing through my mind. "Okay. Disguise yourself as Mew. It’ll throw him off."

"Yes sir." She grinned a vengeful grin.

###

(Myst POV)

"Go, Mew!"

I faked a toss of a Pokéball, and became my illusion. It wouldn’t last long in the sandstorm or would flat out shatter if I was attacked directly. Still, the look on the gym leader’s face as I appeared as a Mew was worth every second. Morphine’s face was even better – his sunken eyes were sunken no longer, and were practically bulging out of their skulls.

"Night Daze!"

“S-submit.” Morphine ordered.

Hah! He’s scared of me!

He’s not scared of you. He’ll break your illusion soon enough, and you’ll be left defenseless.

Except for my attacks? So…I’ll be reduced to fighting at everyone else’s level?

You’re no match for him.

I’ve fought bigger.

I laughed, mocking the darkness inside myself. Perhaps this trick would work on others, but it had no effect on me.

He’ll crush you. Your boyfriend, your trainer. You’ll lose; you’re a failure.

You kidding? It’s impossible to be a failure and look this good.

I posed for a moment, although no one could see me. Morphine charged, and I sidestepped easily, using Mew’s form as a cover.

You’ll never win!

I always win.

I shot a pulse of darkness, hitting a sensitive looking spine in the Nidoking’s back. He roared ad stomped the ground, sending up jagged spikes all across the arena. I smirked and evaded them all.

You can’t keep this up forever. Do you plan on outrunning all your problems?

Hey, I’ve gotten this far, haven’t I?

Morphine rushed to punch me and I used his own strength against him, causing him to punch himself in his face with a blast of dark energy.

T-that was a fluke!

I know, right!? I couldn’t do that again if I tried! Hahahaha!

You think all this is a joke!?

I think you’re a joke. You’re a pathetic excuse for an illusion of the mind.

The sand dug at my coat, distracting me long enough for me to lose sight of my illusion. The Nidoking huffed, and charged me again. He seemed smaller than before.

I didn’t even bother to dodge. I socked him in his stomach, then sucker punched his face. He crashed on the area’s floor in a triumphant see of dust.

You’ll never be where you want to be! You’re a puppet; a playing of your trainer!

I’m exactly where I want to be, doing exactly what I want to do, with the people I want to do it with.

I smirked triumphantly. People could doubt me if they choose, but I would never doubt myself.

###

(Josh POV)

"So you’ve won."

"So I have." I nodded.

You still have to fight the cave.

You still have to confront your parents.

"I’ll be taking that badge now." I held out my hand. The sooner I got out of this gym, the better.

The man reached under his chair, pulled out a bin, and tossed a badge out of it. "There. Beware the power of dreams – the closer you come to achieving them, the greater the despair of failure."

"Failure is a part of life. Heck, failure is a part of victory." I laughed. "Victory is forever; failure is finite. You have to be bad at something before you become good at it, and you have to become good at something before you become great. Failure is an intrinsic process of achieving your dreams."

"You are so naive." The man shook his head, staring at the floor.

"…I suppose I’ve been called worse." I shrugged, pocketing the badge. "Come on, Myst. Let’s get out of here."

###

"I would like to speak with you." Mew requested formally, once we had healed the rest of our team.

"Sure." I smiled, already happy just to be free of the dark, oppressing gym. "What’s up?"

"Do you fear for that trainer? The gym leader we just fought?"

"What do you mean?"

Mew shuddered. "I…I looked into his mind. The dark thoughts affect him as well, and he chooses to subject himself to that every day, for hours. Days, weeks, months. It isn’t healthy – he isn’t healthy."

"What should we do?"

Mew frowned, his hands turning to the seven and five hours. "He won’t listen to reason, I guarantee that. Perhaps once this is all over, once you have more prestige due to your title, you could institute a new gym in its place. Suggest he get psychiatric help, perhaps."

"Will do."

"Thank you." Mew nodded, which tickled my wrist. "That puts me at ease."

"Alright, good. Now that that’s out of the way, let’s say hi to everyone." I smiled, tossing a plethora of pokeballs into the air. Everyone was released, save Mew, who was already on my wrist.

"Sorry! I couldn’t, I just-" Nova hugged my leg, shaking.

"It’s okay, I understand. You did your best, and that’s all I’ll ever ask. I picked him up, and hugged him. He nuzzled me appreciatively, and to my surprise, his eyes stayed relatively dry.

Relatively.

"My apologies as well." Skarr mumbled.

"That was my bad, Skarr. You’re not meant to go against poison types; I was just kind of forced into that one." I shrugged. I offered my arms out for a hug, and Skarr rolled his eyes and accepted. A chorus of ‘awwww’s’ went off as Skarr quietly grumbled to himself. "And lastly, amazing job as always Myst, I think we’ll all agree that your performance was absolutely-"

"You’re beautiful." Nova interrupted me, staring transfixed at Myst’s new form.

Myst blushed, pushing her dark scarlet hair from her eyes. "Complements are just illusions in their own right; I should know. I won’t be taken by words without action; words without act are as meaningless as-" Myst was cut mid-phrase as Nova pressed his muzzle to hers, silencing whatever monologue Myst was going to say. After a moment, he released her, and Myst stared back with a hazed, starry expression in her obscure, ruby eyes.

"You’re beautiful." Nova repeated, holding her in his arms.

"Get a room!" Static laughed.

Myst made a rude gesture to Static behind Nova’s back.

"What does that mean?" Nova squinted.

"-And we’re off to my funeral!" I yelped, desperately not wanting to have that discussion. "Everyone ready to go? Super! Mew, you know the plan? Same with you, Skarr? Great! Alright, all aboard the guilt express! Next stop, misery!" I hopped onto Skarr’s back without his permission, earning me an unamused glare.

"Josh, are you ready for this?" Myst frowned. "Shouldn’t you think this out more, maybe-"

"Nope." I grinned a manic grin. "If I think about it anymore I’ll convince myself not to go, and then I’ll be a liar. Nope, we’re going, and we’re not thinking about anything. My mind is completely blank!"

"Josh. You’re smarter than this." Nova frowned. "You realize that this is just going to-"

"Oh, would you look at the time!" I looked at Mew, who have me an incredulous look. "Looks like we’re might be late to my funeral! We better hurry, or we might not make it in time! If only I had planned the day better!"

"I can fly us there in time." Skarr shrugged. "What’s more important is for us to think this through."

"No, I don’t think that’s the case. Nope, nope nope. And I’m the trainer, so you should all listen to me."

Skarr, Nova, and Myst looked expectantly at Static.

"What?" Static yelped. "I’m not going to try to reason with him. I know how he gets. Just let him burn it out of his system, then he’ll be responsive to logic again."

Deep down, I knew they were right. I knew I was being stubborn and stupid, but in that same place, I knew visiting my parents was a bad idea. But I had made a promise, so…

"Alright Skarr, fly me to Mom’s house. Let’s try to make this as quick and impersonal as we can!"

Skarr sighed as I returned everyone else to their Pokéballs, save Mew. "I think you’re making a poor decision."

"Me too." I smiled madly. "Let’s do this."

*345*2013-12-20 05:02

"I’m worried about you."

"That’s a reasonable response."

Skarr turned to me, looking rather sick. "Josh. I won’t disobey you, but I please – think this through. It doesn’t matter if you’ll be late; just take a moment to think-"

"We’re almost here, Skarr. If you have another alternative that isn’t lying, say it now."

Skarr turned away, and bowed his head.

I sighed. "Yeah. Me too, buddy."

"Be careful."

I shook my head, clearing my mind for what I was about to do. The grass below me was a sheet of green, before it gave way to a sparse grouping of trees, then a clearing. In the center, a gathering of people stood around a casket. I half expected my parents not to remember me asking for an outdoor funeral; I suppose it’s the small things you remember in the end.

"Ready?" I asked, lifting my leg over Skarr dangerously, teetering over his edge at a dizzying height.

"…Yes." he choked.

"Yes." Mew confirmed.

Skarr flew right above my casket, and I fell.

###

CRUNCH

The casket splintered under my weight before Mew diverted the energy away from me, causing a large dust cloud to blast the audience. I winced, and stood up.

“Hi everyone!” I smiled meekly. I stood there for a moment, waving the dust away with a hand. Once it cleared, I saw the horrified faces of everyone in the audience. My neighbors, my family, my parents. Jake.

Jake?

