A Different Type of Lesson - Page 2

Author: midnightrise

*026*2013-12-16 21:20

{{:

You need to continue this!

}}

I'm working on it, I promise xx

Things have just been busy and very difficult lately, but I'll do my best to have the next part up soon. Unfortunately I don't think I can promise an update this year.

*028*2013-12-17 19:12

Omg, ugh. I just realized now that everything I had written was on my phone... and my phone got stolen on sunday :c I was just about to sit down and write when I realized the device I was supposed to be writing on actually isn't even here - i'm dying without my phone tbh, i'm a wreck, and yes that sounds so pathetic, I know, but there's more to it... Blegh long text for nothing, just I might need a while :(

*031*2014-02-09 21:39

I'm so sorry guys. I've been having health issues and I started taking this new medication and apparently next to having me tired all the time, it has kinda killed my motivation so I haven't really gotten far because I'm not satisfied with anything I do come up with. So, yeah, just wanted to apologize again and explain why I'm having difficulty with keeping my promises.

Take care.

*035*2014-04-15 08:44

Thanks so much for the feedback! ♥

And I apologize for the wait! I ffinally managed to write something though and I hope you enjoy~

###

Bryan came back with two mugs, setting one down in front of himself and the other in front of his tutor. Mr. Durant wasn't one who drank tea often so he kindly declined and hoped this wouldn't offend the boy. In response, Bryan took set the second mug next to his and disappeared into the kitchen again.

Kevin waited patiently for the boy despite the break being over. They weren't in a school after all, with strict rules and times. He used the spare time to answer a few mails on his phone and browse through his Facebook account, whereas nothing special was going on. He just needed something to distract him. It wasn't exactly helping. The feeling of submission and the imagery of a wet Bryan stayed in his head.

He was surprised when he was then brought coffee and thanked the teen once again. Overlooking the fact that he didn't speak or use the bathroom, Bryan appeared to be a well-raised and polite boy, unlike most of the youth nowadays. And when he asked where he could get some sugar, instead of pointing him in the right direction, he got up and got it for the tutor along with a small spoon.

Up till now, Kevin found nothing worth complaining about. There was the small issue about him being under age but he didn't have anything intimate planned with the boy so all was good.

Since Bryan didn't talk, there was a lot of silence, which wasn't at all filled by the scratching sound of a ballpoint pen on paper. Next to that was the man's on going monologue and Kevin had never had the experience before but it was possible to get bored of your own voice. It was starting to get very irriating to hear himself talking.

He didn't stay longer than four hours though and the end of class soon came. Bryan was grateful to be able to stop writing but his bladder didn't feel quite as full as he hoped it would be by then. He went to bring the empty mugs back to the kitchen while Kevin packed his bag.

Bryan returned to the table and gave a nod in return to the concluding one sided conversation from the other male. He avoided any eye contact at this point, which represented his disappointment that Kevin was already leaving, who didn't catch on though - they didn't know each other well enough for that.

The lost, insecure feeling persisted as Bryan escorted the tutor to the door, giving him nothing for a farewell, just closing the door behind him promptly. Kevin let out a relieved sigh as he walked out into the fresh air. This student would definitely represent a challenge for the young man.

But also a delight, and those two factors were surely a good combination, along with the new territory of a rather dominant younger male. This was definitely going to be interesting.

Arriving at his apartment, Bryan lingered in his thoughts for the rest of the day throughout various activities. Those didn't find a way out through his mouth though. Kevin didn't tell Sylvia much about his new student. It wasn't something he wanted to share with the young woman. It had nothing to do with her after all. What did one of his students have to do with her?

~~

Bryan was glad to be left alone again, feeling calmer. Setting a movie up, with a tall mug of warm tea in his hands while sitting on the couch, wrapped up in a blanket, he let himself fall back into his usual daze. It was easy to focus on the movie at the beginning but the teen had seen it already and soon his thoughts returned to his show for his tutor earlier that day.

This was the first time he had gone so far in his desperation for someone else in years. He had found his way into omorashi with his first boyfriend, Will. It had all been accident really. Neither of them had been aware of the issue before but they had had quite some fun with it and the comfort and pleasure Bryan had felt back then was pretty much the reason he would hold it and wet deliberately these days. It helped distract him from the dark memories that came to haunt him. He'd trained himself to lose control of this bodily function when he wasn't concentrated on holding it. That way, when he was having nightmares or dark thoughts, a spontaneous wetting helped chase the constricting feelings away before he ended up having a panic attack.

Of course, considering he didn't talk, this matter wasn't clear to anyone. The therapists just figured his mind had slipped into a childlike state, blocking out all overwhelming memories in need of the memories of a comforting time period. It just so happened that this entailed wetting, which would be no big puzzle since Bryan had been a bed wetter till 3rd grade.

Seeing Kevin so riled up about it, was familiar and relaxing. It made the 16 year old just want to curl up in his lap to hide from the world. And if he proceeded to wet himself in the process, it seemed the man wouldn't mind at all. If that was not a chance he should grasp while he had the chance, he didn't know what was.

The earlier tea was gathering quickly in his bladder but Bryan let some seep into his sweatpants which he had traded with the wet pants. The soft grey material was much more comfortable than the jeans and he had no one watched him now anyway. The warmth that blossomed around his crotch slowly had him shifting position to cuddle deeper into the couch. Every couple of minutes he let more of the piss soak him in small gushes. His knees were pulled up so that liquid that puddled beneath him wet his feet as well.

It was just a matter of time before either the maid or his father came, saw his state and forced him into a bath and a diaper. The blanket served as a mean to hide from their prying eyes but it soon started showed signs of the ongoing incident.

He didn't even manage to empty his bladder before he was being sent to the basin in the basement, that had been built just for him. Bryan refused to enter a bathroom using all his strnegth and nails so the basin with a faucet served as a makeshift tub. Sat inside, he was given the time he needed to clean himself up. He scrubbed himself down and lathered his hair, rinsing himself off afterward before he sat there enjoying the simple act of sitting in the still luke warm water. It slowly grew colder and without a second thought the teen used this chance to let the rest of the urine flow, the water instantly warming around him. A content sigh escaped his lips as he rubbed his belly until his bladder was completely void of liquid. Letting go whenever he wanted gave him a free and relaxed feeling. He didn't even mind having a diaper slipped on to him after toweling dry.

The diaper was changed by evening but the boy once again took the fresh one off during the night. He already had problems sleeping without it, he didn't need the material distracting him and destroying all chances of sleep.

The next morning, he woke in wet sheets and downed almost three bottles of water to make up for it for Mr. Durant. The man had come bringing excitement with him and was disappointed when nothing special happened during the first hour or so before he mentally scolded himself for being so selfish. He couldn't expect Bryan to wet himself for him every day just so he could get off on it. It wasn't right anyway. He was supposed to be encouraging him to go to the bathroom, not the opposite.

So, when the dark haired teen, who was constantly sipping a drink, started squirming in his seat slightly, he called upon a break. He set the stuff down and observed the younger male. Bryan did nothing but lower his pencil, gazing back Kevin, who then cleared his throat uncomfortably. He shifted in his seat for a different reason than the other and averted his gaze for a moment, tapping on the table.

"Listen, Bryan. I would like you to do something for me," he started saying, although he really actually wanted him to do the opposite. "I'd like you to use the bathroom. Do you think you could do that for me?" He'd heard about the issue Bryan had with bathrooms but there was no harm done in trying his luck, was there?

He got a frown in return from the now still sitting boy, who shook his head, flashing him a cold look. Although Bryan wanted to please the tutor, he wanted to make it clear that this was not something he could do.

Kevin hadn't really expected anything else so the response wasn't that much of a disappointment. Before he could voice his next suggestion though, Bryan stood up from table and held out a hand toward him. That had a dumbstruck expression in reaction as the man carefully reached for the smaller hand. The hand seemed so frail in his grip, he feared he could hurt the smaller male if he didn't keep his grip as loose as possible while he followed him to whever he was leading him. His gaze was immediately drawn to Bryan's second hand though, which made it's way tk his crotch to give himself a quick squeeze. Kevin could already see the streams of piss running down his legs and hear the soft sighs and moans that he could be making. He eyed the boy hungrily, his breathing already deepening in arousal.

That they ended up in Bryan's room, he only realized when his hand was let go of and he was left standing in the middle of the room. Normally, he would take the time to soak on his surroundings because they said a lot about a person but his focus was on the other human in the room alone. Silent, unlike the rest of the time he spent with his student, the tutor watched as Bryan made his way over to an old, office chair.

Climbing onto and pulling his feet up so he was crouching, Bryan then reconnected his gaze with that of the other male. He rested his hands on his knees and relaxed his muscles. He'd made sure he was facing Mr. Durant and had his legs spread wide enough to give him the best view of the piss that bubbled from his crotch and streamed down onto the chair with an audible hiss in the quiet room. A loud sigh emerged from his mouth as the yellow liquid heated the air around both of them, making a flush shoot into the adult's face like a fire and enforcing a twitch from his groin.

The flood was cut off before it could end though because Bryan was saving up for round two today. He reached to his critch and squeezed to wring out excess piss that dripped from his fingers before he got back on the floor. Shooting Kevin a smile, he strode out of the room - not without passing close by the other male though so that the wetness brushed the back of the man's hand for a mere second.

A sharp intake of breath sounded behind him and Bryan smirked as he walked back to the dining room table. He'd wait for his tutor there, would give him the time to sort himself out.

*037*2014-05-10 01:01

{{:

Great as ever! I'm so glad you updated and are feeling better enough to write! :|) Hope you never abandon this, because I'm steadily growing addicted to your writing.

}}

Thank you so mych! :D

Comments make me so happy haha, I hope I don't abandon this either, it's quite fun to write.

(Once again I'm slow with continuing though, I have some very important exams going on :S)

I plan on updating next week tho!

*038*2014-06-30 01:59

I suck, I know, I'm sorry. I guess I've kinda lost motivation?

Thanks for reading though!

(Quick update from my phone so I hope it's alright)

###

Kevin watched Bryan - or better said, his gaze hung on the denim darkened by the piss, wishing he could run his hands along the damp trails - walk away without the power to follow him just yet. He needed a moment to get a grasp on what had just happened and to recollect himself. As Bryan disappeared from view, he turned to the chair again, which held a fair amount of the golden liquid trapped in the cloth and sported a small puddle at its feet from what dripped down over the edge.

The scene should not be appealing. He had accepted his fetish a long time ago, had embraced it with open arms actually when he realized how much bigger the pleasure got for him. When he'd found girlfriends who were into it as well, it was the icing on the cake.

But this was not okay. It was a decision that didn't come easily to the man when he decided to turn away and follow his student back to the table with the school work. The image was replaying in his head, fueling a semi hard on but if Bryan was going to keep wetting himself for the tutor like this then he needed to get used to it and not run to the bathroom every time it happened and jack off. He wasn't a teenager without any control anymore after all. He wasn't supposed to be horny during his job every day.

He would've taken the responsibility and would've cleaned the mess if he could've promised himself he wouldn't get distracted and end up with his dick in his hand in the middle of Bryan's room. The boy was messing with his mind so bad.

Clenching his hand into a fist, Kevin closed his eyes for a moment and willed the scene into a corner of his mind to lock it up and bring it out this evening when he could finally reward himself. He wasn't sure if he saw a flicker of surprise on the young one's face, that he had reappeared so quickly after him. If he had seen it, it was fleeting and quickly hidden under that soft smirk that played on his lips. Kevin cleared his voice as he got back into his seat, eyes raking along what he could see of Bryan's lower half searching for all the wet patches - despite his attempt to give the incident no attention.

"We're going to have to work on that, you know," he mentioned to the boy, trying to come across as calm but there was a raw edge to his voice. Bryan sat but a foot or two away from him, wet and knowing while Kevin had to get a grip and get back to teaching. He wanted to pull the teen closer and run his hands up and down those legs, feel the cooling liquid stuck in the denim. If this was Sylvia in front of him, he'd no doubt have had her right on the chair seconds after the wetting. He found his girlfriend completely slipping his mind in all matters though.

Bryan shook his head in silent reply, the smirk never leaving the face. He liked things exactly the way they were right now so why should he ever even think about using a bathroom again? Gazing back at the tutor, who had a slightly troubled look, he pulled up a knee in his seat to flaunt the piss soaked material at the man next to him. Rubbing a finger across a dark patch of the denim, Bryan continued to watch him expectantly.

Kevin couldn't help loving the sight of the boy in his wet clothes. It successfully distracted him from any and all business matters though, which was not good at all. Licking over his bottom lip, he looked down at the table. He shook his head, stubbornly keeping his gaze on the wooden surface.

"I want to be completely honest with you. We're not only going to be working on your education here, but gradually we'll be working on your behavior as well," Kevin told his student. "We all - but especially your father - want only the best for you and that includes integrating you back into society," he slowed down, hesitating and looking up to check the teen's reaction to this. Bryan's smirk had fallen away and he was no longer giving the tutor that heated look. There was no too negative response yet though, this was all still acceotable. And either way, Bryan had to able to handle situations that made him uncomfortable and unhappy. He'd come across many of those in the future, tougher than this. He had to be prepared.

Just as Kevin opened his mouth again to continue, the home phone rang and before the man could even ponder if he should answer the call or not, the boy had jumped up to get it, obviously very thankful for the distraction. It wasn't long that he was gone, walking up to h with the noisy device and pushing it into his hands. Kevin stared at it like he'd forgotten what the contraption was for like some old grandpa with Alzheimer before finally taking the call. Of course, Bryan wouldn't take answer the phone - he didn't talk. It was with that thought that the man remembered he was supposed to be talking.

"Yeah, hello? This is the Harris hou-" Kevin was interrupted before he could finish the sentence and he quickly recognized Mr. Harris' voice on the line. Gravely, he was told about the car accident the maid had been involved in on her way back from the grocery store. She was now in the hospital but they had no further details for the time being. After a slight hesitation and explaining how he had a lot of work to finish, the man asked Kevin if it was in any way possible for him to stay and care for Bryan till he came home tonight. It would be included in his pay, of course, if he chose to agree. If it wasn't possible, John could arrange to get home and work from there until he found a suitable new maid for the time being to be able to watch his son.

Kevin immediately agreed to help without much thought and tried to wave off the gratefulness coming through the phone. When he hung up, he glanced at Bryan, who had seated himself again, a worried look on his face. Kevin's first decision was to cancel the rest of class today because even though Bryan was not ultimately close to the maid, this was a big break of routine and that was morr than enough to break the boy's concentration for the day.

"Do you want to go visit her?" Kevin asked softly, keeping a watch for the smallest reactions from him. He knew that he refused to go outside but he wanted to put up the offer just in case. It wasn't a normal occasion after all. Bryan shook his head though, silent as always, with his gaze on the table in front of him.

"Okay... well, there won't be anymore teaching today, so you can pack up your books and we'll find something else to do," he told the teen, who obediently sortrd his things and put them away before returning to the table - although not before grabbing sodas for them. Then, a silence ensued as Kevin feverishly tried to think of something to do. Bryan had drunken slightly more than half of his soda - though that really wasn't a time measurement, the boy would down a bottle in under a minute - when the older male came up with a classic.

"Say, Bryan. Do you play chess?" He asked, raising an eyebrow in challenge. Bryan definitely seemed smart enough to be a worthy opponent. Kevin would let him win either way but he would encourage some hard thinking woukd every move. He knew the game inside out and chess was a good game to train the brain anyway.

It was while the board was still more than half full and Bryan moved his tower that the boy was starting to show real first signs of a full bladder. It didn't stop him from greedily cracking open the third bottle while Kevin was still on his first. Kevin's attention involuntarily shifted from the checkered board to a foot behind it where the teen was rocking slightly in his seat. He knew it was just a matter of time and he'd be witnessing another wetting - sooner rather than later telling from the signs Bryan was giving and instantly his interest was peaked because he had tried to ognore it earlier. He'd hoped to deal with it when he got home but now he'd have to either hold himself back longer - or he could enjoy himself this time. There would be no one coming to check up on them, no one home to notice him letting Bryan wet himself and then spending a few minutes in the bathroom.

*041*2014-08-17 05:48

{{:

Thanks for the update! I can't wait for the next chapter, looks like Bryan will be wetting in that one!If it helps you at all, I tend to look for motivation to write in my reader's comments. There's no better way to kick yourself in the ass than to reread all of the comments from those who are anxiously waiting for more. Typically, one comment stands out and I'm like, "no, I *have* to write this next chapter for (this person)" or else I'll feel incredibly guilty for letting them down. Don't know if that will help for you or not, but regardless, I hope you find your motivation somewhere!

}}

Thank you so much!! This message made me feel a lot better about the story again. You're completely right and all of you guys are the only reason I've made it so far in the story and I love you all for it! I realize it's getting to close to being a year since I started writing and I feel like I should've had more by now. I'm working on the next part and yeah Bryan will definitely be wetting in it ;) I just need to figure out all the details.

On an other note, I don't know if any of you are interested but if there's anyone out there who wants me to help me out, work with me on the story or just give me opinions or mention preferences, maybe it'll help me write faster or better, so go ahead and message me.

I'm hoping to give you guys sat least one more imstallment before college starts up though, take care and thanks a lot for reading this and supporting me!

*042*2014-09-30 16:02

Thank you to everyone who's sticking with this story and reading it and special thanks to all comments! You're the only reason this is continuing at all!

Hope you enjoy~

###

It was the way Bryan rocked on his chair, thighs pressed together and ankles crossed under the table. It was the way, his hips would squirm every once a while and the way he would bite his lip. That was what fascinated Kevin, who was blind to the chess figures on the board and moved a random white mini statue when his turn came up. Within a few minutes of the tutor's concentration slipping, it was clear that the younger male was winning and that the match would finish soon. Kevin would be upset if it weren't for the fact that he was recieving a show that was getting better with every second. Although he couldn't wait for the grand finale, the desperation before was just as much of a joy and he couldn't even bring himself to be discreet about it. Bryan knew about his interest in it anyway.

Finishing another thought through move, Bryan gave out an ever so soft whine - his gaze flickering up to Kevin's face to make sure the man was watching - and started fanning his knees as gave his crotch a squeeze, keeping his hand there with a light grip on his member. His situation wasn't that dire yet that he had to hold himself but this way there would be more show for the older male. That was what he was out for - mostly. It was working. Kevin's eyes didn't leave Bryan's crotch as the boy shifted back and forth in his seat.

He thought this was it and blindly moved the nearest chess piece forward. The teen couldn't help a grin as he watched the tutor move the horse one tile forward. He didn't point the mistake out to the older male though, instead giving his member and obvious last squeeze before removing his hand to cross his legs. That's how he continued the game, squirming only a couple times and otherwise not moving. Kevin waited hungrily, getting a bit frustrated because Bryan showed no signs of losing control yet.

The game ended a couple of minutes afterward and Bryan smiled victoriously while getting up. The shift in gravity had him pause to squeeze his thighs together, hands on the table, bracing himself. In a moment, he straightened though and walked off, barely showing any sign of the bladder that pressured his abdomen. He was good at this game and he was going to have as much fun as possible today. He wanted to get really desperate and he wanted to get his tutor really worked up. Kevin was already eager, horny so he was on the right path.

Bryan returned to the dining room, where the chess game had been neatly reorganized and an impatient man sat at the table with a small frown. As he spied the bottle, Bryan saw him perk drastically. Sitting down again, right leg going back over the left, he opened the water and drank as he hadn't at all for the past few hours, half of the liquid gone in under a minute. Kevin's eyes were wide, probably just as much as Bryan felt bloated, both his stomach and bladder. He'd had to lean forward as he drank, bladder pulsing in protest. The water sloshed inside him as he moved to set the open bottle down. It was just a matter of time now, he could feel the fluids working their way through him and filling his bladder further as he leaned back in the chair.

Pretty soon he was bouncing his legs with need, letting out a grunt as his bladder spasmed and he straightened in his seat. His hands came to rest on his thigh, shifting his hips rather than moving his legs and leaning forward in intervalls. It was getting desperate now and Kevin could sense it, saw it in the boy's eyes, a firy spark. The urine was pushing downward, wanted out but Bryan willed his bladder to hold it back, letting his body jitter as to help it. The next spasm was already quite strong and he bent forward fully, stilling for a moment. The danger passed for now though and he brought himself back into a rather normal position. He even uncrossed his legs but that only so he had enough space to grip his crotch. Giving himself a few squeezes as he knocked his knees together once or twice, he survives another smaller jolt from his bladder.

Kevin didn't even have the slightest thought of trying to get the 16-year old to go to the bathroom. All he could think about was how he wanted to get closer and feel him squirming against him. He wanted to hear more desperate sounds, more than just the soft huffs Bryan let out and he wanted to encourage him, talk to him and have him speak as well, reply to him and report his desperation. His blood was rushing, mostly downward, making his jeans way too tight.

Bryan hadn't spoken about since Will passed, a few weeks after to be exact, when he had broken down, devastated to have lost someone important to him. His life was already short of one important person, a second parental figure and he was a sensitive boy. He needed company and comfort but feared to accept it too easily and embrace it only to have it ripped from him again. The boy found he wanted to express his need because damn, did he have to piss, but the words remained locked away, replaced only by a whine that accompanied an arching of his back. The spasm that rocked through his bladder and shook the forces that held the flood back, were coming more and more often now and Bryan did not remove his hand from the front of his pants.

"Should we go watch some tv?" Kevin suggested, his tone innocent although there was a slight rough edge to it. He did not intend on watching the tv, no, but it gave the boy something to do while he watched the inevitable develope. He got a shrug of shoulders in reply but the only movement Bryan made for now was shifting his hips in his seat urgently. So Kevin stood first and took two steps toward the living room before turning to indicate he was waiting for the other male. Bryan braced himself, keeping his grip tight as he prepared to stand because the urine trapped inside him was already travelling downward, inching its way outward, at least the first few drops. Either way, the shift in posture and gravity caused the first liquids to escape, rewetting his briefs and he took a moment to bounce in place, huffing, even though it was already game over. He didn't even expect to make it to the living room.

Nonetheless, he fought for the control and stepped forward to walk alongside Kevin. They progressed painfully slow up until the point, with just a third of the hallway behind them, that the next spurt caused Bryan to stop, the piss running through his hands, making the jeans glisten and darken again up to his knees before he stopped it, thighs trembling in the effort. Kevin had him focused in the corner of his eyes anyway but the moan that rang out had him stopping to witness every detail of the wonder in front of him. He couldn't express how much he was enjoying this, unable to build a coherent thought except about how beautiful Bryan looked as he squirmed, his legs jiggling in their wet glory.

The desperate whimpers he let out as he took another step, determined, as if he was fighting not to completely soak himself, were music in Kevin's ears. After the eager look Bryan sent him, it took all the control he had in him to not reach out and pull the boy against him, wanting to feel it all the wetness, the struggle, all of it. His hard on was not to be ignored at this point and he readjusted his member in the least irritating position in his pants before catching up to the teen who had struggled forward another few steps.

Both of Bryan's hands were lodged firmly in his crotch and he grunted in pain at the fullness but he continued moving even as a dribbled started that he couldn't stop no matter the grip or his squeezed muscles and thighs. Kevin watched the pee trails slowly leak down Bryan's legs, slowly gaining speed along the way, with the boy hurrying up as he moaned softly.

By the time they reached the living room, the jeans were soaked and he was leaving a trail of piss on the floor. Kevin could hear the hiss in his jeans as Bryan stopped in his tracks and just accepted that he was forcefully wetting himself right there. Drinking in the sight greedily, Kevin just stood and watched for the full minute that Bryan needed, while the blood rushed in his ears, with a hand on his crotch as well but for other reasons.

It was only after he finished, that Bryan straightened his posture, wiping his hands off his shirt. He looked down at himself and the giant mess he made, giving a soft, content sigh before looking up at Kevin but only meeting the man's eyes for a second before the older male was hurrying away to take care of his own problem, which took an almost embarrassingly short time if only it wouldn't have felt so good.

*047*2014-10-13 00:45

Thank you for all the amazing feedback! I'm so touched, you guys have no idea. Thank you a ton! It's a pleasure to be writing for you all. I hope I will be able to keep up with your expectations ^^
