Sailor moon and amazoness quartet stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2013-12-13 01:11

When Cerecere's hypnotic flowers fail, an opportunity gives her the chance to try again by hypnotizing Chibiusa to wet herself.

At the park, the Amazoness Quartet stood high up a tree, watching Momoko. "The old hag has told us to tie up loose ends," said Junjun. "Anyone who has any kind of beautiful dream can hold Pegasus at any time."

"Then let us start with our first target," said Cerecere. "Who would like to take her this time?"

"Vesves targeted her last time, let her finish the job," suggested Junjun. "Cerecere lured her out last time. Let her finish it," objected Vesves. "Just finish the mission," said Pallapalla. "Pallapalla wants to go home and play." Cerecere stepped forward. "Then, dear sisters, let your darling elder sister handle this. Watch the master and enjoy the show."

Momoko caught a sweet fragrance and saw swirling flower petals around her. It stirred up some memory from the circus. "Not again," she said. "I will not allow this again." She fought in her mind, refusing to give in to her surroundings. "I know your tricks!" shouted Momoko, and with that, the flowers and fragrance vanished. "Impossible!" shouted Cerecere, appearing in front of Momoko. "How could you resist?"

"I don't know what you're trying to do, circus performer," said Momoko, "but I know your tricks. Your technique is useless on me!" With that, Momoko fled, leaving Cerecere stunned.

Cerecere was startled when she heard her sisters' laughter. "Nice show, master, and our darling older sister," said Vesves sarcastically. "Looks like your act's washed up," said Junjun. "But thanks for the show. It was very enjoyable."

"Maybe you're not as good as you think," said Vesves. "Can we go home now?" asked Pallapalla. There was nothing else to be done. Their target gone, they had no choice but to return empty handed.

After enduring Zirconia's anger at their failure, the Amazoness Quartet retired to their room. Vesves and Junjun were getting massages, Pallapalla was playing with her dolls, and Cerecere was in the corner in a fetal position, rocking back and forth. "This can't be," she kept saying. "Without my magic, what's left for me?" She took a flower and took of the petals, alternating with each petal "I'm washed up, I'm not washed up." On the last one she said, "I'm not washed up." She ran around the room. "My flower fortune telling says I still got it," she told the others. "If you say so," shrugged Vesves. "You're fortune telling has never been reliable," said Junjun. "Pallapalla wants quiet so she can play," said Pallapalla. "I'll show you all," said Cerecere. "Tomorrow I'll go out and perfect my performance."

The next day, Cerecere returned alone to the park alone. As she stood in the tree, she heard a voice call up. "I knew you'd return. How dare you use underhanded tricks on kids trying to enjoy themselves in the park to get what you want. I am the pretty soldier in a sailor suit, Sailor Chibi Moon! In the name of the future moon, I'll punish you!"

"All by yourself today I see," said Cerecere, as she looked on Sailor Chibi Moon. "Want to prove yourself, like me."

"I've prepared something special for you," said Sailor Chbi Moon. "It's nap time under the sun for you." Luna P appeared, and Chibi Moon called, "Luna P magic!" It turned into a bottle of milk. She threw it, and Cerecere barely got out the way. "It must be some sort of sleeping potion," she thought. "Two can play that game." She jumped down. "You've frightened me off. You win this round. Before I leave, I'll leave you with a gift so there's no hard feelings." She held out a potted flower. "What is it?" asked Chibi Moon. "One of my favorites," said Cerecere sweetly. The flower opened and Sailor Chibi was hit by a strong fragrance and fell asleep. "The rare sleeping flower of the Amazon," finished Cerecere, stroking the flower. Using her Amazon Stone, she collected some of the sleeping potion. "This might be useful," she said. "Now I must leave in case any other Sailor Soldiers are nearby. She disappeared, leaving Sailor Chibi Moon to her nap under the sun.

The following day, Chibiusa returned to the park, still remembering how yesterday went. She came across a lemonade stand with a girl wearing glasses. "She looks like the circus girl," thought Chibiusa. "But it can't be her. She doesn't wear glasses."

"First come, first served," said the girl. She gave Chibiusa a cup. Chibiusa felt no harm in tasting it, and drank it quickly. She fell asleep in seconds, dropping the rest of the sleeping potion. "First come, first served with my special show," said Cerecere, removing the glasses.

Chibiusa woke up to a sweet fragrance. She looked around and saw a swirl of sparkling yellow flower petals. She noticed thick vines around her, keeping her in place. She looked up and saw a swinging tree branch moving back and forth in front of her. Cerecere sat on it. "Hello," she said in a soft, gentle voice. "You seem like you would enjoy my special show. It'll be just for you. I'm sure you're familiar with my work at the circus?" I'm not sure," said Chibiusa. Her mind felt foggy from the flowers. "Even better," said Cerecere. "I could use a fresh perspective."

"Could we stop for a second?" asked Chibiusa. "I drank some lemonade, and I could use the bathroom."

"Do you want to interrupt the show?" asked Cerecere. "It would be inconvenient for me to pause now." Chibiusa watched the steady movement of the branch. "No. Please continue. Your swinging and the flowers are so relaxing, I don't want it to stop."

"Thank you," said Cerecere. "Now please relax and keep watching." Chibiusa relaxed and focused only on the swinging and the flowers. She stopped caring and let all her urine flow. It was a pleasant feeling her underwear and skirt soak through and become warm. She delighted herself listening to the sound as a stream hit the grass. Between the relief and the gentleness of what she saw around her, nothing else mattered.

"Let me help you," said Cerecere. A wave of petals surrounded Chibiusa, and she felt a soft warm breeze and noticed she was dry now. "Was it fun?" asked Cerecere. "Very," said Chibiusa. "It's more fun with others," said Cerecere. "It happens to me and my sisters a lot. You should try relieving yourself in many places and the more the merrier. That's one of the best things about being a kid. I'll leave you with a gift. I promise that whenever you do so, you will always remember the wonders of this show, and the more you get to join you, the greater the feeling will be, and they will experience what you feel as well. Now go to sleep and dream about today. But when you wake up, you will not remember what you saw or heard here."

When Chibiusa woke up, she was alone and remembered nothing from the time she entered the park. After a while of no sight of anyone from the circus, she decided to head home. Maybe going alone wasn't the best idea, she thought. She had nothing to look forward to but her bath with Usagi. It was curious. Chibiusa had the idea of peeing in the bathtub, and the idea that if Usagi do so to, they would both have a lot of fun.

"A shame I couldn't have her bring more people to the circus," said Cerecere. "But if the the Sailor Soldiers saw someone doing so, they may find out about my magic. At least I gave her and those closest to her a way to have fun and keep them from acting like adults all the time. It seems I still got it."

*001*2014-01-24 20:12

Note on future stories: I will write more stories soon. However, for the most part, my stories will revolve around the senshi. Also, I will not write any stories that include humiliation and there will be very little wetting oneself in the stories. Any ideas/requests, please leave those elements out. Anyone wishing to post a story that has one or more of those scenarios is allowed to.

*002*2014-02-04 20:08

The day began with Usagi and Chibi-Usa waking up. Chibi-Usa had spent the night in Usagi's bed and managed to keep it dry. Now, she could feel the need to pee from holding it all night. Usagi also hadn't gone all night and needed the bathroom too. Both raced to the bathroom, only to find it locked. "Shingo!" shouted Usagi. "I need to get in!"

"Me first!" said Chibi-Usa. "Forget it," said Shingo. "I'm washing and I'm not coming out until I'm done."

"If you're just cleaning, you can stop for a couple minutes to let your darling sisters go to the bathroom," said Usagi. "After how long it takes for girls to go to the bathroom?" asked Shingo. "I can get done faster. You'll just have to wait."

"SHINGO!" they shouted. Shingo, being the annoying little brother he was, decided he wanted quiet and to have some fun. He flushed and ran the water loudly. Usagi and Chibi-Usa had to get away from the sound.

Both sat outside feeling very uncomfortable. As Usagi looked around, she noticed the trees in the corner. Resigning herself, she said, "I think one of the trees need some watering." As she walked over, Chibi-Usa followed. Once both got behind a tree, Chibi-Usa stopped. "I'm not very good at this."

"Haven't I taught you in the future?" asked Usagi. "My mother is a queen and I'm a princess," said Chibi-Usa. "That doesn't mean you don't have to go to the bathroom sometimes," said Usagi. "I'll remember to tell her," said Chibi-Usa. "In the meantime, can you show me how?"

"Fine," said Usagi. Chibi-Usa allowed Usagi to pull her pants and underwear down and placed her into a workable position. "Just keep your dress up and everything will stay dry. Once Usagi did the same, both relaxed, sighs of relief mixed with the sound of urine streaming into the grass. Once done, they dressed and looked at the large yellow, foamy puddles they made, amazed they could pee so much at once. "Let's keep this between ourselves and me in the future," said Usagi. Chibi-Usa agreed.

A few days later, Usagi went with Chibi-Usa to see Hotaru. It was the day Chibi-Usa got the holy grail she made in art class and she was to give it to someone special. During their time in Hotaru's room, Usagi left to go to the bathroom. Not that she really needed. Knowing this place was where the daimon creatures attacked and aware of the connection between Hotaru's father, the Infinity Academy, and their enemies the Death Busters, Usagi decided to look around first. However, Chibi-Usa thought she was in the bathroom. "I hope she gets back soon," she said, squirming in her seat. "If you can't wait, I have a solution," said Hotaru. She showed Chibi-Usa a potted plant nearby.

"Sometimes when I have to get up in the middle of the night and my seizures act up, it's hard for me to get to the bathroom, even though it's so close," said Hotaru. "I don't mind if you use this as well." Chibi-Usa considered. "It seems small to go normally on it."

"I'll show you a trick," said Hotaru. She stood with Chib-Usa over the plant. "Do what I do," said Hotaru. Chibi-Usa and Hotaru pulled their pants and underwear down, spread their legs, and thrust forward. Then Hotaru peed a little and Chibi-Usa did the same. Her stream was longer and when it was hard to keep her urine in front, Hotaru reached over and readjusted Chibi-Usa, keeping everything a good distance in front.

"We can practice again if you want," said Hotaru. "I'd like that," said Chibi-Usa. "Do you do this a lot?"

"Sometimes," replied Hotaru. "It can take a lot out of me standing up when my condition hits. I get tired easily and need to lay down for some time afterward."

"What about in the park or something?" asked Chibi-Usa. "I do need to go quickly, since I'm weaker than most people. I'm good at finding spots where no one can see. I can teach you that too if you like. "I'd really like that," said Chibi-Usa. It was clear at that point the two would be good friends.

*003*2014-04-01 02:14

It began as Cerecere, Junjun, and Vesves teased Pallapalla for having a wet bed. Pallapalla tried to think of something to say. "It was on purpose?" she tried. "Why on purpose?" asked Junjun. Pallapalla thought quickly. "Adults don't do it," she said. "Kids do. Also, kids can have more fun going to the bathroom in many places than adults do."

"A well reasoned statement," said Cerecere.

For some time after that, each girl tried different ways of peeing, inside and outside the circus. They tried on bushes and trees outside, while bathing, and letting their beds become wet. The fun didn't stop there, as the girls decided to play tricks on each other. Cerecere used her powers to make the others wet themselves or pull their bottoms down and pee where they were. The others came back by pulling them across the high wire, or swinging them from the trapeze, forcing them to go where they were. Pallapalla also trapped the others on large balls, spinning very fast. The girls ended up losing their balance as they tried to go and fell off, getting urine everywhere.

"These tricks on each other are getting boring," said Cerecere. "I say we have more fun by making them more daring."

"What do you have in mind?" asked Junjun. "You'll see tonight," said Cerecere. "It will require a little participation from you and my magic. I promise we'll all have fun." The others agreed, unsure what to expect.

The night's performance went as normally as planned. The girls waited for Cerecere to make her entrance. Cerecere appeared on the swing. The girls and audenice watched as the swing moved back and forth in a slow, hypnotic way. Then everyone saw yellow, sparkling flower petals fill the area. Like a breeze, they blew slowly around. Everyone watched the swinging and petals, now dazzling to the eyes. It seemed they began to swirl around and the speed increased, as did the swinging. No one could look away from either.

The other girls felt the effects and realized the audience felt the same. Then a series of emotions came over them. They felt awe and euphoria at everything they saw. Suddenly, it seemed to the audience they were in the jungle. Trees seemed to surround everything and it seemed the canopy was now opened to the heavens. Cerecere, having cast her illusion, threw seeds onto the ground. Then she relaxed and drops of pee fell and bathed the seeds. It seemed like a rain storm in the jungle. The seeds opened and flowers grew very fast. Their vines seemed to rise up and wrap around nearby trees, covering them with flowers.

The sight inspired awe in everyone. Even when the illusion ended and the circus reappeared, the feeling stayed. Having watched Cerecere, the other girls felt they wanted to try something like that too. Junjun, perfoming an acrobatic spin, allowed her pee to flow. As she spun, the stream followed, making a yellow circle in midair. Vesves walked across the tightrope. At the middle, she faced Junjun on the other rope. Peeing in front of each other, the streams met each other. Then the girls jumped, landing on the opposite rope, streams still connected.

Junjun and Vesves then stood on the same rope, Cerecere appearing as well. Standing close together, they poured down three jets of pee, coming together to make one stream and continuing to the bottom. Pallapalla, underneath, laid down on her ball, and made a horizonal stream that the vertical one hit, making a T. Then the three girls on top adjusted their bodies and the vertical stream seperated into three, making an underlined W.

The four girls gathered on the ground. Using their streams, Cerecere, Vesves, and Junjun pushed Pallapalla's ball. It spun very fast, but Pallapalla stayed on, even able to make a spinning jump making her own circle and landing neatly on the ball. Cerecere and Vesves did a spinning jump and all four had made yellow circles.

For the grand finale, Cerecere placed a seed under the high wire. Once all four had climbed to the top, they peed in full force. Four streams came together and the one stream flowed to the bottom and the hit the small seed with perfect aim. A flowerly vine grew and climbed to the canopy.

The audience was enthralled and delighted with the performance and the girls felt similar emotions as well. Even after Cerecere's hypnotic infulence ended and everyone forgot the performance, the feeling of delight and euporia stayed with everyone as they wondered what happened in the show they could not remember.

"A dream," said Sailor Ceres. "A memory of when we were imprisioned by the nightmares of the circus." She, along with Sailor Pallas, Sailor Juno, and Sailor Vesta awoke in the future Crystal Toyko. Sailor Ceres shared her dream with the others. "Even though we weren't supposed to remember that performance so clearly, it seems to have come back," said Sailor Pallas. "Since our awaking to our true selves and powers, everything done to us using our warped powers has been undone," said Sailor Juno. They laughed over old memories and Sailor Vesta suggested, "Why not share this with our princess? We are her guardians and have nothing to hide from her."

The Sailor Quartet shared their memories with Princess Small Lady Sernanity, who is also Sailor Chibi Moon. She enjoyed the story and asked if they wanted to relive old memories and asked to join in. The five of them then tried some of the old circus moves while peeing. With Sailor Chibi Moon, they were able to make different shapes and use old positions. Sailor Chibi Moon learned quickly how to make a circle in midair. The five girls decided to practice afterwards. Then they would have their own show

*004*2014-06-08 01:51

Chapter 1: Usagi

At the restaurant, the Sailor Soliders and Chibi-Usa had drinks. Usagi continued drinking the potion she hoped would bring her luck with Marmoru, even after spitting some on Rei. When she finished, she didn't feel lucky, but felt something else. "I need the bathroom," she said, walking away, ignoring everyone's expressions as they thought something like this would happen.

However, Usagi saw the bathrooms were full. Her bladder gave a spasm and she held her legs together. The line was too long. She would wet herself before she could make it. Usagi looked around desperately and noticed the empty potion bottle she still had. "I don't have a choice," she said. Keeping her composure, she tried to walk outside slowly, feeling a few drops hit her underwear.

Outside, Usagi hid behind a bush. She lifted her dress, pulled her underwear down, and placed the bottle between her legs. Bending down, Usagi gave in to the call of nature. She sighed in relief as a cascade of urine emptied into the bottle. Usagi watched in amazement as her pee rapidly filled the bottle. She continued to pee for about a minute, then it became slower, becoming soft drips. Finally done, Usagi wiped herself with the leaves, pulled her clothes back on, and back inside, carrying the bottle.

Usagi was impressed how much urine was in it and and heavy it felt. It was almost a quarter full. Hoping no one would find it, she put it under a table and went back to the girls, not noticing a waiter finding the bottle and asking how a large bottle of lemonade was left out before taking it to another table.

Chapter 2: Ami

It was to be another long night of studying for Ami. She was already tired, so she made coffee to stay awake. She kept drinking it without knowing, so focused on her studies. After only a few minutes, Ami noticed she had drunk the everything in the pot.

Not long afterward, Ami felt pressure on her bladder. She didn't want to miss a single minute of studying. Besides, she thought, the urge wasn't so strong. She could wait until she went to bed. However, the pressure steadily increased, and Ami found herself tightening her legs. Getting up, her bladder emptied a little into her underwear.

Ami realized she shouldn't have waited so long. Now even walking was hard. Looking around, she saw the bed and got an idea. Grabbing a sheet, she laid it out on the floor. Pulling her pants and panties down, Ami peed onto the sheet. However, she traced the formula she was studying, and soon the sheet was covered in a urine tracing of complex letters and numbers.

Ami held the rest in until she could think of the solution to the formula, then finally traced it and let the rest empty onto another spot. Afterwards, Ami took the sheet to be washed, cleaned up in the bathroom, and went back to studying as though she had not come up with an interesting way to study.

Chapter 3: Rei

During the night, Rei left her bedroom to use the bathroom. However, she discovered someone else was already using it. As Rei thought about waiting, her urge became stronger, and she decided to go someone else. She walked past rooms, looking for a place to pee. Thinking it would be noticed, Rei went out back to the garden.

When she got to the main steps, she noticed the front, where people put in coins and rang the bell to pray. Deciding to make an offering of her own, Rei walked up to the spot. She slid her red miko pants down, along with her panties. Her back to the spot, Rei sat upon an opening for money. She lifted herself up a bit, spread her legs, and tinkled into the opening. It seemed appropriate to refer to it as tinkling as Rei's pee hit dripped and splashed onto the coins below, making a variety of sounds.

Done, Rei faced the altar, clapped, and rang the bell. "I thank you for protecting me and my friends," she told the shrine. "Take this as thanks for your protection and for giving me a solution to my predicament." Rei washed from a basin, got dressed, and returned to her room.

Chapter 4: Makoto

Makoto was watering her plants in her apartment. Seeing the water empty from the watering can made her want to empty her liquids as well. She thought about going to the bathroom, but remembered she lived alone. She didn't need to be proper when it was just her. There was something she wanted to practice anyway.

Unbuckling her pants, she unzipped and lowered her pants and underwear. Standing in front of a plant, Makoto allowed her urine to empty. Adjusting herself a few times, she was able to get the stream to make an arch in front of her and hit the plant. She was hoping to be able to pee standing. She thought it would be easier if she had to go while outside.

This attempt was pretty good. As Makoto got better over a few days, she made it harder by trying to pee with her pants down as little as possible. After a couple days and a few wet pairs later, Makoto could pee standing while hardly pulling her pants down.

This came in handy later during her school garden club. When she had to tinkle, Makoto told the others she would water the plants on the other side of the greenhouse. Getting behind the plants, Makoto lowered her skirt and underwear in front. Her backside was still covered. She peed carefully unto the surrounding plants. "After all, this is as good for plants as water," she thought. The sounds of her pee trickling could easily be thought of as a watering can. Finished, she wiped on the leaves and went back to the others.

Chapter 5: Minako

Minako woke up late as usual. When she got dressed, she made to go to the bathroom. But her mother told her she needed to leave for school now to arrive on time. Giving her a piece of toast, Minako was led outside.

Thinking she could wait until school, Minako ran the length to school. Arriving, she thought about using the bathroom, but the bell to start lessons was about to start. Knowing she had no choice, Minako went to class. However, it turned out to be a study period. "I should have gone after all," she thought, her need to tinkle very noticeable to her now.

Unable to take it, Minako sneaked out the room. She once again tried the bathroom, but found it full. Walking back, she saw an empty classroom. Minako found the door unlocked and slipped inside. Looking around, she saw a wastebasket. She wasn't sure about peeing in such a way, but she really had to go now. Sighing, she went to the spot in the corner, locking the door.

Minako pulled her skirt and panties to her knees. Bending down, she peed into the basket. She sighed in relief as she looked down and saw her urine pool at the bottom. She waited until the final drops dripped out, then tried to find a way to clean herself. As she reached into her pocket, she found an old test paper with a red mark on it. Seeing no use for it, Minako used that to clean herself. "These papers are good for something after all," she thought, walking back to class, making a note to keep future papers with her in case she would need them again.

Chapter 6: Chibi-Usa

In the 30th century, Neo-Queen Serenity and King Endymion held a royal dinner party in the Crystal Palace. Princess Small Lady Serenity also attended. The three formally welcomed the guests at the table with a fountain centerpiece in the center.

The royal family didn't like such gatherings and tried to avoid them. Chibi-Usa especially didn't like them. Tonight she had another reason. She needed to go to the bathroom, but knew she shouldn't ask. She would have to wait. But the fountain centerpiece pouring water out was making her need to pee very strong.

Chibi-Usa tried to go through the meal, but she wondered how long it would be before she wet herself. She felt something under the table. She saw a hand slip Luna-P to her. Looking across, Chibi-Usa saw her mother smile at her. Understanding, Chibi-Usa bounced Luna-P and it became a smoke that confused and entranced the guests, save Neo-Queen Serenity. Taking her chance, Chibi-Usa jumped on the table. Lifting her dress, she peed into the centerpiece, sighing in relief.

Neo-Queen Serenity watched with amusement, as it reminded her of her antics at a younger age. Seeing Small Lady's pee slow to drips and drops, Neo-Queen Serenity handed her something to wipe with a smile on her. The event went on afterwards, everyone else recovering from the spell of Luna-P. The queen and princess spent time together afterwards, savoring an amusing memory between mother and daughter they would always remember.

Chapter 7: Hotaru

It was the middle of the night when Hotaru woke up. She was in pain as usual, but now she needed a bathroom. She tried to stand, but the pain was too much. She laid on the floor, trying to move. Her bladder couldn't much more. If she couldn't get to the bathroom, she would have to bring the bathroom to her.

She looked around her room for something to use. She crawled to the window. Feeling a bit stronger, Hotaru got to her feet. She was still to weak to walk far. Her legs trembling, Hotaru pulled her pajama bottoms down and opened the window. She sat down on the windowsill, her legs giving out again. Holding on to the bed for support, Hotaru turned until she was facing out the window.

Relaxing, Hotaru's pee finally flowed out and emptied down onto the ground. She sighed in relief, her bladder able to rest now. Hotaru finished by wiping herself on the curtain. She pulled herself onto the floor and crawled back into bed, pulling her bottoms back on. She would have to think about other solutions. She may be in a similar situation again and she wanted to be prepared.

Chapter 8: Naru

Naru and Unimo decided to have a date. They started by having milkshakes and finishing with a visit to the park. It was a nice, early evening. The two enjoyed the and sights and sounds of nature and the sunset. They walked by the lake and listened to the sounds of the water. Water. Naru felt the milkshakes from before making her want to pee, now felt by the sight and sound of so much water.

Naru didn't want to say where she was going to Unimo. She wanted to be proper. Besides, she wasn't sure she could find a bathroom. If she could distract Unimo, she could slip off and find a place to tinkle. "Unimo, I think I left my bag somewhere. Can you find it?" she asked. Unimo agreed and went off in one direction. Naru went in the other direction.

Naru could hear liquid splashing. As she got closer, she saw a fountain. Naru figured this would be good enough. Lifting her dress and pulling her panties to her knees, Naru bent over the fountain and let her urine to flow freely. She let the feeling of relief wash over her as she watched her pee pour into the water, the sound of the fountain keeping the sound of Naru's peeing from being heard.

She pushed the last drops out and cleaned up with a piece of her dress and got got dressed. She met up with Unimo. "It looks like I left my bag where I already was," she told him. Unimo didn't mind. He told her he would go to the ends of the earth to find anything of Naru's. The two resumed their date, Naru secretly relieved she could enjoy the lake with Unimo without her bladder getting in the way.

*006*2014-06-21 22:50

The Inner Senshi were at Crown's for snacks and drinks. Usagi had the most to eat and drink, having a variety of different drinks and drank the remains of a sundae. All the liquid filled her bladder quickly. She excused herself to find a bathroom. It seemed she hadn't learned her lesson from last time. Like before, the bathrooms were full and she couldn't wait. With no choice, Usagi grabbed a glass from a nearby table and ran out.

Outside, Usagi looked around, hid behind a bush, and pulled her pants and panties to her knees. Holding the glass up, Usagi let her urine flow freely into the glass. It overflowed quickly and her hands were hit with her pee as it poured over the sides but the feeling of relief was worth it. Done peeing, Usagi wiped herself with the leaves, got dressed, and went back in, hoping to wash her hands.

Just inside, she found the other girls waiting for her. "You never learn, do you?" asked Rei, indcating the glass Usagi was holding. "We saw you go outside," said Minako. "We noticed last time as well," said Makoto. Ami didn't say anything but gave Usagi a glass of water, which she used to wash herself. At the table, Usagi told the others, "I really had to go. I couldn't help it."

"If you didn't drink so much, it wouldn't happen," said Rei. Then her expression softened. "But I was in a similar situation recently. During the night, I couldn't wait for the bathroom and went somewhere else."

When the others asked, Rei admitted, "I peed in the change offering outside the temple." The girls laughed and Rei smiled. "That's nothing," said Minako. "I was late for school and didn't get to go at home. I ended up peeing in a wastebasket in an empty room."

"I was also daring once," said Makoto. "I peed on plants in the greenhouse once. I was able to make it seem like watering the plants. I can pee standing," she finished.

"I've always wanted to pee standing like Shingo," said Usagi. Rei and Minako agreed and Makoto said she would teach them. "Have you been in a situation recently, Ami-chan?" asked Usagi. Ami had said nothing for a long time. "It's ok," said Makoto. "We're all friends here. We don't need to hide anything from each other." With the other's encourgement, Ami said, "I drank too much to stay up studying and tried to ignore the feeling. I went in my room and used it to write a formula I was studying." The girls were in awe and impressed with Ami.

After awhile, Rei said, "Why don't we show each other our methods at the shrine?" The girls were curious and agreed, Ami with the encouragement of the others and their wish Ami wouldn't be left out of the fun. The next day, all the girls met at the temple. The worker Yuuichiro was off promoting the temple and Usagi brought Chibi-Usa to play with Rei's grandfather to keep him from noticing the others. Chibi-usa also didn't know what the girls were planning.

They started by peeing in large bottles to see how full they would be. Usagi showed everyone how to bend down and hold the bottle properly. The girls were holding it in all morning, so all of them sighed with relief and filled the bottles nearly to the top. Usagi's was the fullest and she proudly showed it to the others. "That reminds me," said Rei. "What happened to the glass yesterday?"

"I left it on a table," said Usagi, remembering. "What if someone found it and didn't know what it was?" asked Rei. Surprisingly, all the girls laughed at the thought.

A little while later, Ami agreed to show them how to write formulas with urine. Each one was able to trace something in the dirt. Ami's was the most complex. The others' were moderate, while Usagi wrote 2+2=4. During this time, Chibi-Usa also needed to pee, but didn't want to say anything to Rei's grandfather. As she watched him bring tea inside, she got an idea. When he was distracted, Chibi-Usa used Luna-P to make sleeping tea, which she slipped Rei's grandfather. "Now I can take all the time I need, as well as find the Silver Crystal."

The temple seemed large and Chibi-Usa found neither the Silver Crystal nor a bathroom. Desperate to empty her bladder, she slipped into a large room with a sacred fire. As she walked toward it, the fire seemed to give her a vision. She saw herself peeing into it. "Is it inviting me to use it?" she wondered. The vision showed her how to properly pee on it. Deciding to copy the vision, Chibi-Usa walked close to it. Pulling her skirt and panties down, she sat on the floor. Leaning back, she spread her legs and allowed herself to tinkle. She sighed in relief as she watched her pee shoot a few inches in front of her and bathed the flame. When her pee stopped, a flame came close to inbetween Chibi-Usa's legs, giving her a plesantly warm feeling and found herself dry. Dressing, she thanked the fire for its assistance and returned to the room where Rei's grandfather was.

The other girls finished their first day by thanking the shrine by peeing in the change offering, which Rei showed everyone how to do. The next day, Rei's grandfather went with Yuuichiro for temple promotions, leaving the Inner Senshi by themselves at the temple. Again, they held it in until arriving. First, they would practice standing. They stood together. Makoto told them to pull everything all the way down. "When you're better at it, you can try keeping your pants barely down." Makoto decided to join the others in pulling her pants all the way down.

When everyone had their bottoms around their ankles, Makoto showed everyone how to hold themselves. She went to each girl and placed their hands over them properly. Then everyone stood in a line and Makoto peed onto the grass. The others followed, trusting nature now. Five streams of urine arched before each girl, making a large puddle before their feet. They had some trouble controling the streams after a minute, but they stayed mostly dry. "You can practice at my apartment," said Makoto. "I get a lot of practice with the plants I have."

"Your turn, Minako-chan," said Rei. "But not a wastebasket. Think of something more fun." As Minako looked around, she saw a pond. "How about peeing while in the water?"

"That reminds me," said Usagi. "At the beach, I saw Ami-chan get out of the water a few times. Couldn't go in the water?" she asked Ami. "I didn't want everyone to swim in it," said Ami quietly. "I thought it was better to get out. "I don't mind if one of us pees in the water around me," said Makoto. "The ocean's big enough," said Rei. "Even pools might be fun," said Minako. "It's our youth," said Usagi. "Just let it out where you're swimming and have fun with it." Ami smilied and agreed.

"Tomorrow we can try in our bathing suits," said Rei. "Want to use our clothes? I have spare robes we can wear until they dry out."

"We can use our clothes to use a trick for Ami-chan who's not used to it," said Makoto. Taking their shoes and socks off, the girls walked into the pond and sat down. "Reach under and pull everything down," said Makoto. The others, along with Ami, did so. "With a bathing suit, you can move it to one side," said Minako. Ami slid her pants and panties down first. "Go on," the others urged her. Blushing slightly, Ami relaxed and knew she was peeing as the water became warm and bubbles appeared in front of her. Ami allowed herself a giggle and the others joined in, contributing to the warmth and bubbles Ami made.

It was the next day when they tried again with their bathing suits and this time, everyone, even Ami, peed into their suits. A couple hours later, Ami suggested having fun while transformed, also saying it could be useful if they had to go while transformed. Everyone agreed, transforming. They tried peeing while moving their suits out of the way. Then they tried peeing while moving in each direction to keep everything in sight. The girls finished with one peeing while the others surrounded her, watching each direction. They all decided they would practice and have fun like this often.

Sometime later, Ami appeared at Makoto's apartment for a private lesson in standing. The two of them enjoyed their time peeing on different plants and Makoto was surprised when Ami suddenly aimed higher than Makoto. Ami actually looked forward to showing her improvement to the other girls. Makoto then gave Ami a quick lesson in peeing while standing with their pants nearly on before she would teach the other girls.

*008*2014-06-28 22:08

The tricks the Amazoness Quartet played on each other continued shortly after their performance. Things like getting one on a spinning ball while peeing or on a trapeze were ways of fun for the sisters. Once when Junjun was placed on the spinning ball, she jumped in midair and landed on her feet, peeing while standing. "That's a nice trick," said Vesves. "I want to try."

"Pallapalla too," said Pallapalla. "Aren't we playing tricks with each other?" asked Junjun. "Why should I teach you my technique?"

"Then I propose a truce," said Cerecere, appearing in a shower of yellow flower petals. "Why don't we have fun by doing this together instead? As a sign of my part, I'll give us plants to use." At her command, a series of plants grew out of the floor. "A truce?" asked Cerecere. "A truce," said the others, shaking hands with each one. Junjun began to show the others how to pee standing, something she said she taught herself out of boredom. The girls pulled their lower outfits down, except Pallapalla, who moved hers to the side, adjusted themselves in a way Junjun showed them, and four streams of urine poured onto the plants Cerecere provided.

Suddenly, Junjun turned and peed onto Vesves, who returned the favor, joined in by Cerecere and Pallapalla. They had a lot of fun and were eager to do more. Later, they sneaked into the Amazon Trio's bar. Each girl took a cup filled with drink the Amazon Trio always had, and peed into the cups, the urine mixing with the drink. At one point, Vesves said, "I still have to go, but the cup is overflowing."

"Pallapalla is done," said Pallapalla. "Use this." She offered her cup to Vesves, who emptied the last of her urine into it. Cerecere and Junjun, who finished filling their cups, finished their peeing on stools away from where the Amazon Trio sat. The four girls giggled to themselves as they watched the Amazon Trio return from their work and drink the cups on the table, commenting on a strange tangy flavor.

Soon after, the girls started saying they wanted to try peeing using the others special moves. When they got to the center ring, they saw the other lemures, spirits of the dead and nightmares and who were the other performers, practicing. "Pallapalla is too shy to try in front of an audience," Pallapalla said. Junjun and Vesves agreed. "I'd be happy to help with your stage fright," said Cerecere with a smile. "Wait," said Junjun. "I'm starting to remember something. I think we did something like this in front of an audience once."

"We did," said Pallapalla. "Why would we do something like that in front of everyone?" wondered Vesves. Suddenly, she looked at Cerecere.

"It was you," accused Vesves. "You did something to us to make us want to put on that kind of show." Cerecere said nothing but giggled. "Still, it was nice you made the audience like it and not laugh at us," said Pallapalla. "Does anyone who watched remember it?" asked Junjun. "I am sure none do," assured Cerecere. "I am surprised you remember some of it. Well, I do not know the extent of my abilities. But I am sure if none of it is mentioned to the previous audience, they would have no reason to remember it."

"Now," said Cerecere. "We can practice when I put a similar spell on the others. Will you let me do the same to you? I promise you'll feel relaxed and eager to perform. Will you trust your darling oldest sister?" The others weren't sure of calling Cerecere darling, but there was something intriging with her offer. They slowly agreed. The other performers gathered to watch the Amazoness Quartet. Pallapalla, Junjun, and Vesves watched the center for Cerecere.

Cerecere appeared on her swinging trapeze. "Just keep watching," she told her sisters. The movement of swinging caught the complete focus of the girls. Yellow, sparkling flower petals swirled before the eyes of the girls and audience. Junjun, Vesves, and Pallapalla now felt relaxed and followed the trail of petals to the center, where Cerecere waited. With a smile, she held out her hand. Pallapalla took it and sat on the trapeze with her, which rose and continued its swinging.

Junjun and Vesves felt they knew what to do. They caught seeds Cerecere threw and placed them on the ground. Pallapalla moved her outfit to the side and the two on the ground threw a couple seeds into the air. Pallapalla shot a few squirts of pee at the flying seeds, catching them in midair, turning them into buds. The audience applauded. "Everyone's watching," said Pallapalla. "Don't worry about them," said Cerecere in a soft voice. "It's just you and me now." Calmed by the soothing words and voice, Pallapalla continued letting drops of pee onto the ground, hitting the rest of the seeds, causing them to grow.

"Try an acrobat move," said Junjun, hanging by her legs on another trapeze. "Just jump and I'll catch you." Pallapalla jumped, with the aid of Cerecere, did a spin in midair, making a yellow circle, and caught Junjun's arms. The other girls repeated Pallapalla's moves, peeing onto the seeds. Junjun and Vesves stood together and proudly peed off the trapeze in a perfect standing and balancing postion until all the seeds had turned into flowers. They also did a spinning jump, making yellow circles and landed in the arms of Cerecere and Pallapalla, who were waiting to catch them.

They practiced peeing while balancing on balls next. Pallapalla could have her ball spinning the fastest. The others had to keep their balls moving slowly, but they did a good job of balancing, their streams hitting a spot on the floor neatly. Pallapalla led them in a series of moves. Laying on their backs, their streams rose high above them. Then they faced each other, two girls each connecting their streams to make two large golden arches, the one middle then facing the other direction and connecting with the stream of the other one.

Junjun led the others in a race, pushing the balls across the stage with their pee. Even from a distance, their streams were long enough to reach each ball and push it a few feet. Vesves led the others in a high wire race. The girls' bottoms off, or pulled to the side, they raced across the high wire, peeing onto the wire in front of them. But they moved so fast, only a few drops hit the wire. They finished with a new move. Each girl taking a corner high above the stage, they grabbed a swing and swung down, letting go and spinning, making yellow circles, before grabbing the swing opposite them. There was even a move where while one was spinning, the other, while swinging, released a stream that caught the circle in midair.

At last, all four swung from the four corners and their streams met in the center, making one stream that flowed straight to the bottom, hitting a small target marked beforehand, to the delight of everyone watching.

The performance ended, the girls retired to their room. The effects of Cerecere's hypnosis made it so the girls didn't remember everything, but left a vivid memory nonetheless. "Pallapalla wants to do it again," Pallapalla said. "It was fun," agreed Junjun. "If you don't mind being affected by my magic, I'll be glad to arrange another performance," said Cerecere. "Can you just affect the audience?" said Vesves. "I think I want to do it without the mind effects next time."

"If she can do it on her own, I'll try too," said Junjun. Pallapalla agreed. Cerecere was impressed with her sisters and all four began planning another show.

*009*2014-07-15 02:45

Chibi-Usa decided to investigate the Dead Moon Circus further. When Momo and Kyuusuke heard Chibi-Usa was going to the circus, they insisted on going as well. Chibi-Usa reluctantly agreed, ready to do anything if anything strange happened at the show again.

The Amazoness Quartet were preparing for their performance. This performance for them would be different, for they decided to have fun with their pee acrobatics before a mesmerized audience without any hypnosis performed on them. They decided they didn't need hypnotic influences for them to have fun. They agreed it was still best for the audience to entranced by Cerecere's magic. Not many people might enjoy the show the show they planned.

Chibi-Usa, Momo, and Kyuusuke sat near the front as various performers put on their own acts. Chibi-Usa waited, wondering what would happen next. Momo had an encounter at the circus before, but it seemed she was trying to have a fun evening. Soon the stage cleared and only Pallapalla, Junjun, and Vesves were visible. "Where's the fourth one?" wondered Chibi-Usa. Then she noticed Cerecere swinging on a trapeze.

"I don't think we should watch too closely," said Momo. "Something strange happened to me the last time I watched this." She and Chibi-Usa averted their eyes. "You're just afraid," said Kyuusuke, watching the slow movement of the swing. "Nothing can happen with just this." He then looked transfixed at the movement. It was relaxing in a way. A new sight came over him. Dazzling, sparkling, yellow flower petals swirled before him and the rest of the audience. Momo remembered something about those flowers. Pushing Chibi-Usa to the floor, both avoided the petals.

When Momo looked up, the petals and Cerecere were no longer to be found. Cautiously, she returned to her seat, along with Chibi-Usa. Chibi-Usa saw Kyuusuke watching with an entranced look. Chibi-Usa could see other people with similar expressions. "This is the first part of their plan," she realized. "Now I can see what they do with so many people under their influence."

Chibi-Usa and Momo watched as Cerecere resumed swinging. She cast an illusion of being in the Amazon jungle. Momo and Chibi-Usa were surprised when Cerecere lowered her skirt and drops of urine splashed on the ground, followed by flowers growing as though in a rainstorm. "Unusual, but pretty in its own way," said Chibi-Usa. Momo agreed. When the stage returned, they watched as Pallapalla rode on a ball. Pulling her clothes to the side, Pallapalla peed off the ball while balancing on the rolling ball.

"Nice balance," admired Momo. Without stopping, Pallapalla laid on her back, her stream rising into the air and connected with the streams of the others, making one long stream and then separating into distinct streams, making different shapes. "Very impressive," said Chibi-Usa. "They're really brave to do something like that in front of so many people," said Momo. The Amazoness Quartet went on to acrobats. With Junjun in the lead, the girls jumped and spun from one side to the other, making yellow circles in midair and landing neatly.

"I wouldn't mind learning that trick," said Chibi-Usa. She and Momo applauded along with the rest of the audience. They watched as the girls ran across the high wire, peeing in a neat line. Then they faced each other, two on each wire, four urine streams connected. Two of them facing each other jumped, streams staying connected and landed neatly on the others spot. Then two standing diagonal from each other jumped and performed the same trick. "I never thought I would be impressed with a show like this," said Momo. "How could they have come up with such an interesting show?" Her and Chibi-Usa couldn't guess, but continued to cheer and watch fascinated.

The performance continued with more midair jumps, involving making yellow circles and others releasing a stream that hit the circle. The show ended with a grand finale of all four girls combining their streams to hit a small seed on the floor which grew into a large flower. Chibi-Usa and Momo cheered the loudest. Afterwards, Kyuusuke said, "It was an exciting performance I think. I can't remember what happened too much, but I can't help but feel like it was the most amazing thing I've ever seen. I wish I could remember everything."

Chibi-Usa realized the audience would become mezermised when the Amazoness Quartet would perform in such a way. "It makes sense in a way," she thought. She explained what she thought happened to everyone during the audience to Momo. "Think they would like to hear complements from two who really did like their show?" asked Momo. Chibi-Usa wasn't sure, but didn't seem to think it would be too bad. They ran backstage and caught up to the Amazoness Quartet.

"That was the most amazing thing I've ever seen!" said Chibi-Usa to the Amazoness Quartet. "It was the best circus show ever," said Momo. The Amazoness Quartet seemed to enjoy the compliments. Deciding to have a little fun, Vesves asked "What was your favorite part?"

"The beginning," said Chibi-Usa. "When we were in the jungle and you made those flowers grow like it was raining."

"Such a sight made it easier to enjoy everything else," said Momo. "Wait," said Junjun. "How are you able to remember that? No one is supposed to remember anything."

"They weren't affected," said Pallapalla. "They saw everything!"

Cerecere tried to act composed. "How were you able to resist my spell?"

"I remembered it and protected myself and my friend," said Momo. "So you were able to resist my spell," said Cerecere calmly. "I admit I am impressed you were able to do so."

"You don't have to be ashamed of anything," said Chibi-Usa. "We really liked it."

"You did?" asked Pallapalla. She didn't seem to mind so much anymore. "Could you show us some tricks?" asked Chibi-Usa.

"Since you truly liked the performance an were able to escape Cerecere's spell, perhaps," said Vesves. "It would be a good way to experience being young," said Cerecere. As she looked at Chibi-Usa, Cerecere said to her sisters, "There is something familiar about her."

"I feel like we know her somehow," said Junjun. "A long lost friend?" wondered Pallapalla. "We may know one day," said Vesves.

Chibi-Usa and Momo were showed to pee off the swing. As they swung, Chibi-Usa with her skirt and panties down, Momo's pulled to the side, they let their pee drip onto the ground, hitting seeds which became flowers. "It's a very freeing and relaxing feeling," said Chibi-Usa. "It's a lot of fun," Momo agreed. "This is what being a kid is all about," said Cerecere Pallapalla showed them how to pee while riding on balls. Their balance wasn't as good as Pallapalla's, but it was still fun and they were able to stay on a while. They finished with trying some acrobats with the girls. With the Amazoness Quartet's help, Chibi-Usa and Momo were able to jump and spin, making yellow circles. Chibi-Usa wondered if the Amazoness Quartet were the enemies. Still, if they could have this much fun, maybe there is hope for them.

In Crystal Tokyo, Princess Small Lady Serenity laughed with the Sailor Quartet over old memories. Then she said, "I have a task I would like you to do with me if you like."

"It is an honor to serve you however we may," said Sailor Ceres. "I was thinking having fun like in the 20th century," said Princess Small Lady Serenity. "It would be an honor to have fun with you for a change," said Sailor Pallas.

Princess Small Lady Serenity told them her idea. "I'd enjoy having fun like this again," said Sailor Juno. "You have a plan to take of the audience, My Lady?" said Sailor Vesta. "I do," said Princess Small Lady with a smile.

She and the Sailor Quartet brought the royal court to watch a performance they practiced. Everyone gathered, Princess Small Lady Serenity used Luna-P to mesmerize the audience. Soon they cheered and applauded as the princess and Sailor Quartet performed special moves while peeing, from balancing from trees to handstands to spinning in midair, their pee spinning around each other. Neo-Queen Serenity watched from afar, unaffected by Luna-P enjoying her daughter's and her daughter's Sailor Senshi's performance.

