A Pokemon Omorashi Adventure

Author: Novaraven747

*000*2015-04-05 14:35

Note: This is the first fan fiction I've written. Ever. So I'm hoping that it is to everyone's liking and I hope that I can actually turn it into a full blown storyline. Also my descriptions of the wettings might not be the best as I've never written a story like this before.

This fanfic will and does contain Omorashi content, So if this isn't your sort of thing I will try my best to adjust the story so there is a Omorashi free version in the foreseeable future. To those who don't mind the Omorashi then have fun reading!

Please don't be afraid to leave some feedback for me. With this feedback, I can know what I'm doing right and wrong as well as your opinions on the story. Feedback is invaluable and it give me a sense of pride that someone has read my fan fiction and has taken the time out of there life to give me constructive criticism or there opinions to help or guide me.

Now I will cease with the talking and begin the story telling.

###

(In this setting, Pokespeak is used. Pokespeak is a device that allows communication between Pokemon and people through telepathic communication. It's still not completely perfect but most trainers have it so it's a popular concept around the Pokemon world. It's still currently going through several stages of development but soon enough it will be complete.)

I did ask Alexxx's permission to use Pokespeak.

This fan fiction is written in a First Person Narrative so a lot of first person personal pronouns are going to be used as well as point of view changes but I will try to not overuse words if I can help it and make it obvious enough when the POV changes occur.

###

I looked into the lake situated between Rustburo City and the Petalburg Woods and stared at my own reflection, thinking. I was never really this deeply in thought, but today was no ordinary day. Today; May 17th, was the day I'd be getting my first Pokemon. After waiting for 14 years I'd finally embark on my own journey. And I was in very mixed feelings about it. But mostly I was nervous because I didn't know what to expect.

I looked to my wristwatch on my left arm and checked the time. It read 10:23 AM. I closed my eyes and inhaled then exhaled before standing and grabbing the bottle of water I'd bought with me. I walked over the bridge connecting the path between Rustburo City to Petalburg Woods and made for Littleroot Town.

(I apologise for how brief the start is. I mainly wanted to get a setting down as such. But things should be better soon.)

*002*2015-04-05 22:00

{{:

So far so good =)

}}

Thanks. I'm glad you like it. I wasn't really going for a lot in the first bit just a minor description really.

*004*2015-04-06 06:33

{{:

Good luck! I've been working on a story using the pokespeak idea myself... Guess its pretty popular XD

Also, its great to see you starting in Hoenn. Most people (myself included) start in Kanto.

}}

Thanks for the words of encouragement. It does seem that Pokespeak is quite a popular aspect now. Also when I was deciding the region I was tossing between Sinnoh or Hoenn. I felt as if Kanto was used to much and I'd rather prefer somewhere a little different.

###

(I'll try to post a new part of the story every day or 2 if I can.)

The weather seems to have cleared up a little, letting patches of blue sky and sunlight through. I took a sip of water every few seconds to keep hydrated.

I entered the Petalburg Woods with relatively no problems, cries of Wurmple, Weedle and all other manner of bug Pokemon could be heard. I'd never really had a chance to come to the woods before so I never really appreciated it for all it's worth. But I knew I couldn't stop to admire it's beauty otherwise I'd be late.

I passed through the rest of the woods with relative ease, by which time I'd already finished half of my water water. So I decided to make a quick stop in Petalburg before continuing to Professor Birch's Lab.

I strolled into Petalburg and towards a PokeMart. While walking I heard whispers about the gym leader of Petalburg and his strength. Others were whispering about rumors I paid no attention to them. Walking into view of the PokeMart, I noticed that there was a queue at the door and going inside it to. I sighed knowing I couldn't really wait in the queue. So I shrugged and passed on into The route between Petalburg and Oldale, only drinking the water sparingly so it would last.

Every so often, I heard a rustling coming from the grass around the road to Oldale Town, I perceived it as the wind gently brushing the grass and kept walking.

A Poochyena then leapt out from the grass and headed right towards me. In a surprised panic, I stumbled back, tripped over and fell on my backside; dropping whatever was left in the water bottle onto the floor.

The Poochyena stopped and began barking at me. I looked in confusion and tried to move closer but before I could, I felt something climbing up my back. I froze in place and slowly turned my head hoping that it wasn't a spinarak. A head then popped up over my shoulder. It was Ralts!?. The Poochyena barked again and growled. I looked between the 2 Pokemon and both looked determined. The Poochyena wanted to battle! And this Ralts was ready to fight. I knew there was no way to avoid this so I looked to the Ralts.

"Well, You've dragged into this predicament. So want to help me get out of it?"

The Ralts nodded and and cried out. It climbed up onto my shoulder before it leapt off and landed in front of me.

I scrambled to my feet and looked on towards them. This would be my first battle but what hindered me was I was without Pokespeak.

Before I could compose myself the Poochyena advanced to attack the Ralts. I panicked. But Ralts already had things under control and dodged the Poochyena swiftly. When the two eventually made contact with one another they began trading blows. During this time I composed myself before commanding the Ralts out an attack hoping it would listen.

"Ralts, use Hidden Power!"

Ralts heard the command and nodded before it knelt down, closed his eyes and meditated for several seconds. The Poochyena took this as a sign to attack and began running straight towards Ralts. We waited as the Poochyena quickly approched, a faint aura crimson could be seen around Ralts. Once the Poochyena came close enough for my liking I ordered the Ralts.

"Now Ralts!"

Ralts head shoot up with eyes open. Ralts then threw his hands out and the aura exploded from him and clashed agasint the Poochyena sending him across the field. When the dust cleared the Poochyena was down and out. I exasperated in joy and sat down. I'd won my first battle but my joy was short lived. The Poochyena was badly hurt and the Ralts was no better, both needed medical care. I rushed towards the Poochyena and scooped it into my arms. I then crouched and let the Ralts climb onto me. I then ran as fast as I could to Oldale Town.

I raced passed a few passing trainers who tried to initiate a battle with me, but I swiftly pirouetted around them, intent on getting the Poochyena to a PokeCentre.

As I came to the end of the road I could see Oldale Town but just before I got there something blocked my path. More specifically, a Mightyena; most likely the Poochyena's Mother and she looked furious. I skidded to a halt and back up slowly.

"L-Listen, I don't want any trouble."

The Mightyena slowly advanced towards me showing no intent to listen. I backed up so that the distance between me and her was the same.

"I just want to help your cub! I mean no harm!"

She then began growling, she wasn't backing down at all. She began advancing quicker this time. I backed up until my back hit a tree. The Mightyena then broke into a run heading straight towards me. I was frozen with fear, I couldn't move at all. The Mightyena then swiped at my head with it's claw Instinctively I move my head back to avoid the claw, however, I wasn't quick enough and the claw grazed my face and left eyelid. Before she could make another attack a voiced boomed from behind her.

"That's enough!"

The Mightyena turned to the voiced and growled. I knew the voice from anywhere, it was the Professor's voice! The two stood there not moving or speaking for a solid minute or two before the Mightyena ran back into the grassy area and out of site. After that I blacked out.

*006*2015-04-06 12:11

{{:

I'd like to see where this goes! One minor criticism though: Confusion would not have worked on Poochyena. Sorry, I don't want to be that person who nitpicks...I'm just a huge huge Pokémon nerd XD.

}}

Ah furk... I knew that didn't look right when I posted it. I'll edit it accordingly XD. I need to get back into playing Pokemon as well. Thanks for pointing it out. *rewrites the entire Confusion sequence.*

*008*2015-04-06 14:01

{{:

It's getting better =)

}}

Thank Minerva. Were you not the one that was commenting on alexxx's fanfic all the time?

*010*2015-04-07 16:43

(So now the pokespeak comes in. for now i'll be using a color/colour key to help with who is speaking.)

Key:

- Jake

- Hasaki

- Professor

###

When I came to I was starring at a something white, I couldn't really tell what it was as my sight was still adjusting. I could hear murmurs to my right but I could only make out a couple of words.

"Jake...You hear...ok!?"

I could assume that the voice was asking if I could hear them so I nodded. I turned my head and looked to the voice. My sight had adjusted just enough to see the figure of Professor Birch and my little sister. I used sign language to communicate to my sister.

"He...his hearing...a little screwy..."

The professor nodded and put his hand into his pocket he the bought out a little device. He looks to my sister and asked her to sign to me "I'm going to put this in you ear. It'll help with communication". I looked to my sister and watched her sign. I nodded and let him fit the device to my ear.

{Hello! Can you hear me Jake?} a voice echoed in my mind

I was shocked at first but I tentatively replied... By thinking?

{P-Professor?! But how!?}

{I'll explain later for now I'd like you to talk to someone.}

Then an unfamiliar voice broke through.

{Hello there Jake, Do you remember me.}

{No? Are you in the room?}

{Yes. Look in front of you.}

I turned my head and looked where my chest was and saw the Ralts that I had assisted earlier. He graciously bowed.

{Your that Ralts I was with earlier! Thank goodness your ok.}

I slowly shifted from my lead down position into a seated position. The Ralts jumped from my stomach on to the bed

I stretched out and stood up. Then looked to the Professor.

"Care to explain the device?" I pointed to my ear while saying this.

"From the look on your eyes you already know what it is." The Professor said.

We both spoken in unison "Pokespeak".

I nodded.

"It's an amazing bit of kit. So I'm to assume I'm keeping this?"

Birch nodded.

"It's yours. Also I've taken the liberty of paying for the hospital bill. I am partially to blame for this. But a little more rest and you'll be out and picking one of my Pokemon."

I looked to the Ralts.

I then decided to speak using the Pokespeak

{Actually, I think I'll stick with little guy if that's ok, Professor?}

The Ralts jumped up and down.

{Really!? Awesome!}

The Professor looked at me.

{Are you sure? Cause if that is the case...} he reached into his pocket and drew out a pokeball. He then handed me the pokeball. {..here.}

I grasped the ball and hit the centre of it. It grew to about 3 times original size so it was big enough to grasp in my hand.

I looked to the Ralts and nodded. He did the same. I then tapped his head with he pokeball and he zipped straight into it. The pokeball began rocking.

After what seemed like and eternity the pokeball >[<] rocking.

I picked it back up and held it in front of me.

"Come on out, Ralts. Hasaki!"

The pokeball opened and the Ralts materialised in front of me.

{You rang?}

We both burst out laughing. And chatted throughout the rest of the day.

###

(Yes the nickname is Hasaki... I have little creativity for nicknames ;_; if you have a suggestion for a nick name please give it I'll welcome it XD)

*012*2015-04-07 19:00

{{:

It's getting better ^__^

}}

That's all you seem to say XD

*014*2015-04-08 08:05

Cant argue with that XD

*015*2015-04-08 15:06

Key:

- Jake

- Hasaki

- Unnamed Mightyena

###

The next day came and I was finally discharged from the PokeCentre's hospital with Hasaki and the Poochyena. I walked to route between Oldale and Petalburg and the Mightyena jumped out. I took this opportunity to use my newly acquired Pokespeak.

{Hey there Mightyena, here's your cub}

I placed him down on the floor and he ran to his mother. The Mightyena bowed her head

{I sincerely apologise for trying to attack you yesterday.}

I smiled.

{Think nothing of it. You were doing what was best for your cub. I understand.}

{Please don't hesitate to visit some time. It's the least I could do.}

{Sure. I'll do that when I'm back around here}

The Mightyena nodded and walked off with it's cub.

I wondered where the Mightyena had picked up the pokespeak from. The only thing I could think of was a Pokemon Ranger. But I didn't dwell on it to much.

I knew my first stop on my journey was back In my hometown, Rustburo City. I decided to have Hasaki accompany me on the trip. I pulled out his pokeball and threw it into the air. It opened and Hasaki materialised on my shoulder.

Hasaki stretched out and lead on his side.

{So where we off to?}

I looked up at the sky.

{We're going back to my home in Rustburo. After I get the necessary gear together and say my goodbyes were of the the gym at Rustburo for out first gym battle.}

Hasaki frowned.

{Don't you think your rushing this a bit. I mean this is a gym after all plus you have to think about type advantages and disadvantages. Not to mention their Pokémon's strength....}

I put my hand up to stop him talking.

{When the hell did you become an expert!?}

Hasaki blushed.

{Well, I sort of "Intruded" on maybe 30 gym battles or so.}

I was left gobsmacked. A Pokemon that knew more than I did.

{Note to self: Remind me to make you my strategist.}

We both shared a chuckle but were interrupted by me keeling over. It hadn't occurred to me that I hadn't been to the restroom in sometime and as a result the need to pee had crept up on me and hit me like a ton of bricks.

Hasaki latched on to my shoulder and re-righted himself.

{Whoa! Jake you ok!?}

I was about to answer him with the truth but I didn't want to lose those only shred of dignity I had left.

{Y-yeah. Don't worry, I just took a misstep and stumbled.}

*016*2015-04-09 15:14

Key:

- Jake

- Hasaki

###

[Hasaki's POV]

I knew he was lying. He doesn't give me enough credit than he should. It happened many a time while I've been sat in the tall grass, trainers pass and they keel over and pass it off as "Stumbling".

When in truth, they just need to pee.

I played along with Jake, know that his dignity meant something to him.

{Jeez, be careful. I don't want you hurting yourself... Or me for that matter}

Jake laughed and shocked his head.

{Thanks for the concern.}

I stood on his shoulder and lent back on his head.

{Is that sarcasm I detect Jakey boy?}

He looked at me with a look of faked disgust.

{Hasaki! What do you take me for!}

We shared another laugh together but I could see that Jake was trying to contain the laugh.

I sighed.

Jake continued to walk at a somewhat brisk pace as we passed through Petalburg City. I would have assumed that he would have stopped here but he just kept on walking.

I then felt my own bladder twinge. Now realizing what predicament I was in, I cursed silently. Fortunately, although the need to pee was quite bad, I could bear with it for now.

It took us over 15 minutes to navigate Petalburg City. Oddly enough it was busy at this time of day. Obviously something was happening. I grabbed my crotch to ease the feeling.

(sorry it's a tad short.)

*017*2015-04-10 17:25

Key:

- Jake

- Hasaki

###

[Jake's POV]

Whatever was happening at Petalburg didn't help my current situation. But I sensed a change in Hasaki's emotional state. His cheeriness had been replaced with minor distress. I looked over to him and notice him grabbing his crotch but trying to be discreet about it. I smiled devilishly. Now we were both in the same boat.

As I approached Petalburg Woods a strong wave hit and I grabbed my crotch. My heart was racing, for the first time I was actually enjoying this. The excitement of knowing you could wet at anytime coupled with the excitement of being in the public eye made this so much more fun. I never felt like this before and came up with last of dignity that he was going to throw away he devised a devilish plan.

{H-Hey Hasaki, I've got a proposition.}

Hasaki didn't look much better of then me.

{W-what is it?}

I smiled.

{We both know that we're both holding out. So lets make a game out of this.}

I was hoping he would consider the idea.

{Damn... Was it that obvious? Doesn't matter.... Ok... I play this game, but we need to find a hidden spot.}

I nodded.

{Way ahead of you}

I walked tentatively; hand still grabbing crotch, to my secret location near the entrance of the woods.

I clambered through brush and brambles till we came to a clearing. The clearing was quite big. No obvious way in or out. The grass was lush, green and well taken care of. And hardly a sound could be heard. This was essentially my home away from home.

Hasaki looked in awe before a wave of desperation hit him.

{So what are the rules?}

{Simple. We would both drink the same amount of liquid and hold it until someone wets themself. The loser is the one who wets themself.}

Hasaki partly frowned.

{Sounds easy enough.}

We nodded and now the game begins. We were both already pretty desperate already plus we didn't bring any water with us so it was just a question of when?

*018*2015-04-11 09:07

Key:

- Jake

- Hasaki

(also the first time where a POV change happens during events :D)

###

10 minutes later we were still holding.

{How close are you? Outta 10}

{8, You?}

{9. Crap how are you doing better!?}

I couldn't help but bounce from foot to foot. I jammed my hands as far into my crotch as I could. I couldn't help but think I was going to lose. Both me and Hasaki could be heard audibly groaning trying our best to hold it. Then a sound reached my ears. It was the sound of faint hissing and liquid hitting the grass. I looked to Hasaki who had his eyes close and his mouth open audibly sighing. A smile crossed my face but was quickly diminished, now with Hasaki peeing was making it worse for me to keep holding. I squeezed my legs together with my hands buried in my crotch to keep the dam from bursting. Eventually Hasaki stopped and just stood there.

{Well, looks like I miscalculated.}

I couldn't move an inch, doing so would mean wetting and I planned to hold out as much a possible, I enjoyed the desperate feeling and would experience it for as long as possible.

~~~~~~~~~~

[Hasaki's POV]

I didn't feel like I lost in this situation, it felt amazing to let that much urine out at once I such a state as that. I'm quite glad that Jake suggested it.

I looked to Jake who was trying hard to not leak. Then a evil and nasty though went through my mind.

{Come on Jake. You won. Just let the waters flow like a river or waterfall}

Jake grimaced at the sentence but he persisted.

{A crashing waterfall leading into a rushing creek.}

That was enough to make his dam break. A jet of urine shot into his boxers and quickly drenched them with his Jeans. A dark patch developed on Jake's jeans becoming bigger and bigger by the second. He moaned with sweet relief, it sounded like Jake was enjoying this more that he had let on. Eventually the hissing stopped and Jake collapsed to his knees.

{I know that was a dirty tactic but admit it... You really wanted that.}

Jake just knelt there. His cheeks were glowing red.

{Hasaki... Thank you. But that was... literally bellow the belt tactics.

I smiled.

Then a very loud moan of content then broke though. Me and Jake looked at each other as Jake stood up and we walked towards the sound. As we approached we saw a girl; same age as Jake, long auburn hair and piercing blue eye. And her Pokemon which by some miracle was also a Ralts. She stared at us like a fox at headlights.

*019*2015-04-12 16:18

[???'s POV]

I was petrified to see someone else standing over me. The person in question looked the same age as me. He had Fair and quite unkempt hair and soft green eyes. One if the eyes seemed to harbour a scar going from the top of his right cheek bone to the edge of his eyebrow. We stared at each other for a while eyeing each other up and down before both bursting out laughing.

"Who knew someone else knew about this spot? This was supposed to be my secret getaway." The male said offering a hand. I saw his other hand move towards his ear, I assume he was turning off his Pokespeak.

"Well, if it make you feel any better. I came across this by mistake." I said blushing. I brought my hand to my ear and did the same

The male eyed me down once again.

"Well, you look like you were enjoying yourself" he said with a devious grin.

"Same could be said about you" I pointed to the plainly apparent wet patch on his jeans.

We both laughed again and he then stuck his hand out.

"The names Jake. My fair lady." I gave him my hand and he kissed it.

I blushed but played along with his little performance.

"Your may call me Grace, Sir Jake" I curtsied. We both looked at each other for a minute. Then Jake spoke.

"So Grace. Where are you from exactly?" He asked sitting on the ground, his Ralts walked towards Hildegarde curiously.

"I'm a Rustburo girl" I answered sitting down with him watching both our Ralts. They began to talk to each other. Or at least it looked like it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[Hildegarde's POV]

The Ralts walked closer to me, he had a curious look on his face.

"Well? Speak!" I ordered.

The ralts just gave a weird look. "Bit feisty aren't we?" He said smiling.

"Tch, I have no interest to talk to you." I responded crossing my arms

"Jeez, Don't get so worked up. Our trainers seem to be enjoying the chat." He said

I sighed "Her baser urges are what are making her like that." I said.

"I understand that our trainers baser urges are in effect right now, but seriously you could at least talk to me like an intellectual equal." He said so confidently

I looked to him surprised. He had actually caught my attention which was strange for me. Was it his bravado? Or was it that i had finally found someone I could actually talk to?

"I supposed I could honor this request." I said

The ralts smiled "See, Was that difficult? I can sense that your hostility is placed for a specified reason? Prey tell, what might that reason be?" He said.

I sat down. "We've encountered many species of Pokemon and each one has just been vulgar and intellectually inferior. As such, I've abandoned the notion of social commune." I said.

"Ah, That makes things perfectly clear now. Well, Your hostility is well placed in my personal opinion." He siad

I smiled. This ralts was something else. "Now I ask thee. What are you know as?" I said

"Hasaki Ma'am, Yourself?" He responded.

"Hildegarde" I said.

"Hildegarde. A name most fitting for someone as well mannered as yourself." He said.

"I appreciate the compliment" I said smiling.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

[Jake's POV]

"Ah! I'm Rustburo born to." I said with a smile.

"I was on my way back to Rustburo when... Well, you can kind of guess." I said blushing.

She smiled. "Don't be embarrassed about it. It's actually fun! Me and Hildegarde were actually doing a holding contest. As you can see I lost..." She said frowning.

"Well, if your not busy later how about a date at the Restaurant by the Devon Corporation Building. Actually that came out wro..." She put a finger to my lip to shut me up.

"I'd love to. But on one condition." She said smiling

I nodded straight away. I knew what she wanted "Of course, no problem. But you better do the same." I said in a playful manner.

She nodded "I won't back down from a challenge. I'll see you at 6pm then." She said standing up. She put her hand out and helped me get up.

Hasaki jumped back into my shoulder as I

I took Grace's hand and she pulled me up.

"We drink a liter thirty minutes before the date, then the rest is as it comes." I said.

She smiled confidently "Your on!" She said before turning and walking into the brush with Her Ralts in tow.

I stood shocked for a few seconds. By my own bumbling's I had asked Grace for a date. The original idea was to travel back to Rustburo with her but I'd somehow done one better?!

*020*2015-04-12 16:46

Sorry if it's soo long XD

*021*2015-04-13 17:00

Key:

- Jake

- Hasaki

- Grace

- Hildegard

- Jake's Mom

- Jake's Dad

- Fang

###

[Hasaki's POV]

I just watched as the beautiful Hildegard and Grace walked away. I could believe that he would just let them walk away.

{Jake! Are you high!? Look what just walked away from us!}

I waited and there was no answer

{Jakey boy! Hellooooo!}

I walked to the Pokespeak in his ear and flipped the switch

{Hey! Ignoramus! Talk!}

Jake jostled quickly and put his hand on his chest.

{Jeez, Saki. Don't do that.}

{Well, you had your Pokespeak off. Plus I'm a little peeved at you!}

He looked at me confused.

{I believe I don't follow?}

I face palmed and threw my hands towards the brush.

{You just let two stunners walk.}

He laughed

{What do you mean? We're supposed to be meet them at 6pm for a date?}

{I mean that yo- Wait... WHAT!}

I could understand why Jake jumped now. The shock of it had gotten to him and now it had got to me.

{Long story short, I kind of messed up in asking if I could accompany her back to Rustburo.}

I gave a look of immense confusion.

{How you royally messed that up and ended up asking her out, I will never know.}

I was kind of relieved that we were going to seem them again.

{Don't act like you didn't want to see them again. I can sense your emotions.}

I sighed. Damn Pokespeak. I sat in his shoulder and yawned.

{Well, I don't know about you but I gonna catch up on some beauty sleep}

Jake smiled and brought out my pokeball.

{Well, I'll put you back till then.}

{Sure. Don't really care as long as I can get some sleep}

I tapped the pokeball on his head and he disappeared back into the ball.

I then sighed before forcing out whatever was left in my bladder. A feeling of warmth rushed through my body as the warm urine cascaded down my leg into my shoes. I smiled and walked towards into the brush heading back to Rustburo to prepare for tonight's festivities.

###

[Hildegard's POV]

{I'm disappointed by you Grace. Letting your baser urges take over}

Grace just laughed

{Come on Hilda, don't be so reserved. And anyway I could see you talking to his Ralts, you were enjoying it, so don't talk to me about baser urges missy!}

I just huffed and tutted

{Tch. You would think that wouldn't you. Such a shame.}

But she was right... That Ralts was... Something else. He was intelligent and kind. Unlike the rest of the Pokemon I've met. Pigs, all of them.

{Well, you have accepted the terms of the date, so we can't expect to stand up the poor fellows}

{Exactly, now your thinking with common sense.}

Grace smiled devilishly.

{And I have just the dress for such an occasion.}

I just shook my head. But smiled afterwards. We exited the forest through the trees rather than the path and walked back to Rustburo. Today was going to be a weird day.

~~~~~~~~~~

[Jake's POV]

We finally made it out of the forest about 10 minutes after Grace did. I decided to go home and change first. I quickly made my way back to my home situated just below the Rustburo gym. The door was unlocked so I tentatively opened the door and popped my head round the door everyone seemed to be busy with what ever they were doing. So I snuck in and closed the door. Fortunately everyone in my family albeit from my sister; who would be getting hers soon, had Pokespeak so I thought I'd surprise them.

I was glad Professor Birch taught me how to change the Pokespeak's channel frequency. I turned the little knob on. The side of it till I heard my mother talking to the family Poochyena.

{Is Jake ok? When will he be back?}

{I don't know, Fang. I'm sure he'll be back soon.}

{His a strong kid, he's our kid, He's probably out making friends already.}

I shrugged. My father wasn't totally wrong.

I smiled before turning the Pokespeak back to mine and Hasaki's channel. I made for the stairs and tentatively walked up them. Luckily the stairs don't creek so I made it up without a problem. I slipped past the open door to my sister's bedroom but peered in before moving to my room; my sister was contently drawing. She was quite the artist for 14 year old.

I entered my room and closed the door. I led on my bed and sighed happily. Everything that had happened today felt like one weird dream. I took Hasaki's Pokeball out and threw it onto the bed for the time being and stood back up going to my wardrobe. I opened the door and looked at all the clothing I had. I picked out a pink polo shirt, Sand coloured chinos and a pair of Converse® Trainers, walked over to my bed and placed them on the bed. I walked back and picked out the burgundy waistcoat and matching suit pants as well as a white polo shirt. I walked back to the bed and placed them next to my casual clothes. All this was for what was to come. The date and ultimately saying goodbye before leaving on my journey.

I removed my pee stained jeans and boxers and threw them into the laundry basket leaving my bottom half naked as I walked to the chest of drawers. I opened one of the drawers and pulled out a clean pair of boxer shorts and put them on my half naked body. I removed my shirt and threw it into the laundry basket as well. I walked back to my bed and sat on it. Grabbing Hasaki's ball I threw it up in the air and Hasaki came out on my bed.

~~~~~~~~~~

[Hasaki's POV]

{Is it time already?}

{Not yet mate. Still some time.}

I looked around the room.

{So this is your room? Do your family know your home?}

{Not yet, I'm going to surprise them.}

{Ah, well. It looks like you're prepared for tonight.}

{Don't think your getting off easy. Your wearing a tux to our double date.}

I looked confused.

{Why? I'll look like a fool.}

{You already look like a fool. Trust me Hildegarde will love you in a suit.}

I sighed. I knew there was no real way out of this. Who knows maybe it wouldn't be so bad.

~~~~~~~~~~

(Several hours later)

~~~~~~~~~~

[Hildegarde's POV]

{Y-Your out of you mind if you think I'm wearing that!}

{You don't have a choice missy. I'm not going to let you ruin this date even if it means dragging you there!}

{I refuse to wear it!}

Grace grabbed me and forced me into something very frilly and puffy.

{d'aww, don't you look adorable!}

I looked into the mirror in shock. She had put me into a dress that looked mildly reminiscent to something a maid would wear

{I look like a wet nurse! How is that adorable?!}

{Well, with a name like Hildegarde, it think it suit you rather well.}

I seethed in anger but just sat down sighing.

Grave finished dressing and let her hair down. She had already finished her liter of water before the date like she promised, I refused to but in the end gave in, so I drank my fill of the water. Even a Pokemon bladder isn't as big as a human one, drinking a liter would be suicide.

I felt a twinge in my bladder as we left her room.

Grace picked me up and placed me on her shoulder which relieved me. I didn't have to worry about walking.

(Yes I did make a reference to Beelzebub. Good of you to notice ;) )

