Caren's Accident (FF Omorashi)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-10-14 10:13

Four heroes have descended upon the world. One was a Warrior, equipped with a sword and light armor. He went by the name Marlowe. The second was Caren, a brown-haired White Mage in a white robe and a wooden staff. The third's name was Mistique, who was a black mage with purple hair; the rare completely-human type. The last was a Thief, whose name was Ryan.

(Now, I'd love to fill in the background plot, but I feel that it's gonna take up the whole page... And I'm pretty sure that everybody knows the plot, already, so I'm just gonna skip over to the part where they get sent to whoop Garland and take back Princess Sarah.)

"So, all we have to do is beat this guy up and get back the princess?" Ryan summarized.

"Yeah," Marlowe replied. "He's in the castle north from here."

"Fine, as long as we don't have to carry her back home."

The four had just left the kingdom of Cornelia when they had suddenly encountered a horde of goblins.

"Goblins? Really?" Misty said as she began to cast Fire on the lead goblin. Marlowe took down the rest, except the one Caren seemed to have trouble taking down. She could barely leave a scratch on it. Ryan finally got annoyed enough to slam it into a tree.

After hours of wandering around (due to Marlowe being terrible at navigating and Caren constantly taking off), they finally reached the Old Shrine. The first thing they ran into was Garland.

"Well, that was convenient," Misty complimented. "So, how should we whoop him?"

"A sneak attack might work," Marlowe suggested.

"Wait," Caren interrupted. "Shouldn't we hear out his story, first? I mean, there's always a reason behind everything."

"Well, I'd say we stop the chatting and start fighting!" Ryan suggested as he took out his rapier and rushed straight into battle, unfortunately dragging the others with him. He got KO'ed on the first turn, fortunately.

"Saw THAT one coming," Misty said as she casts Thunder on Garland. Marlowe used the only Phoenix Down to revive Ryan, and Caren healed him with Cure. The second he had the chance, Ryan swung hard at Garland, making the final blow. After Garland had disappeared into the abyss, the team checked on Sarah's status. At that point, Caren began to fidget.

"Uh, guys," she said. "Can we stop at a rest stop along the way? I really need to use the toilet."

"Can't you just go on that hay stack?" Ryan suggested.

"EW! NO!" Misty shouted. "Not while everyone's looking!"

"It's better than wetting herself, right? Besides, I'm pretty sure it's just me and Marlowe watching."

"It's okay," Caren said. "I can hold onto it a little while longer."

Hours have passed until the team had finally returned to Cornelia with the princess. Immediately, the princess's sister gave each one of them a kiss on the cheek, and the king had sent a crew to build a bridge for them. Their next goal was to obtain the four Crystals of Light and defeat Garland.

That night, the team had rented a room at an inn in Castle Town. Finally making it to a toilet, Caren rushed straight to the bathroom and closed the door. But the minute she pulled up her robe to grab her panties, she could feel something warm and watery running down her legs at a fast rate. Her robe had slowly turned yellow in the front (she was thankful that she didn't wear anything else other than panties), making it noticeable. At that moment, Misty woke up to rush to the bathroom. She ran past the toilet and approached the bath tub. She lifted her skirt and moved her panties to the side. In seconds, Caren could see a massive stream coming out of her, but in a much clearer color than the one she released onto herself. After a while of figuring out the differences, the two waches their hands together and went right back to bed.

The next morning, the team had set off on a quest to recover the Crystals, only to run into a town filled with pirates.

*003*2012-10-14 21:15

{{:

Not a bad story, but I think it could have used a little more focus on the desperation. I understand that you wrote this pretty quickly though, and it's not bad for that.

}}

{{:

Pretty decent, like Om-G said, I would've prefered more desperation, but otherwise it's pretty good.

}}

Well, I'd love to have put more thought into the desperation, but it was like 4 in the mornin' when I started this, and I was more tired than a bored lion (I literally woke up two hours ago. lol ).

I'll make an extension to it tonight, once I'm done doin' a few errands. :D

Thanks, though. :)

*004*2012-10-19 08:33

Weeks later, the four went out on a quest to get a rat's tail for Bahamut. Right before leaving town, Marlowe suggested everyone use the bathroom before heading out. He and Ryan had already went, and Misty had kept a bucket in case she needed to go. Caren, on the other hand, said that she didn't feel the need to go, so she didn't go. But after the ship took off, she began to regret it as pressure had began to build up in her bladder again. She know that the ship didn't have a bathroom, so she had to make do with the bucket Misty had kept, which is apparently still missing from when Marlowe had a bit of a hangover a few moments ago (he partied a lot back in town).

"I sure hope I can find a restroom, soon," Caren said to herself as she desperately holds onto her hot liquids and waited until the ship landed in the middle of a forest-- miles away from their destination. By that time, her bladder had reached its bursting point. She ended up letting out a few drops into her panties. At that moment, some worms came out of nowhere and attacked her, knocking her on the ground. She almost released another flood into her panties, but she quickly stopped it before it came out and got back up.

"These worms can't take boiling water!" Ryan shouted, analyzing the worms' weaknesses. "Got any ideas?"

Misty hatched a very brilliant idea. Since she had no Water spells (and she was kind of desperate, too), she simply put away her staff, pulled up her skirt, moved her panties to the side, and leaned forward. She waited for the worm to get close, then she released a massive jet stream onto it, which, needless to mention, was scalding hot. The worm quickly turned away and tried to run, but was finished off by Ryan's cutlass. The second one was already weakened by Marlowe's sword. Misty couldn't help, though, but to continue spraying onto the first one. She got a little of it into its mouth, then continued down its body to its tail. After the stream had stopped, she picked her staff back up and casts a sleeping spell that put the third worm to sleep.

Caren became even more desperate after watching Misty go on one of the worms. Slowly, she picked up her hammer and casts Healara on the whole party, but then got paralyzed from getting bitten by the second worm, who immediately ran away after seeing what happened to the first one. The third one was handled by Marlowe's sword. Because her body was paralyzed, she couldn't move at all, meaning she could no longer try to hold in her liquids. After a moment, she had released it in her panties, making a large puddle on the ground. Because she was laying down, it had got all over her robe and much of her hair.

Caren's paralysis had subsided after a while, but her accident was very obvious. Despite this, however, the group continued forward. Hopefully, her robe and hair would dry up in the sun before she reaches her destination.

