Mega Man Dream Shift: Dark Legacy

Author: Raisuga

*000*2014-02-18 23:28

Chapter I - Awakening

Rize City... The biggest city in the world and home to some of the greatest minds Earth has ever seen. One of these minds, in fact, was the reason that we have been made aware that there is an alternate world that cannot be seen by normal means and runs parallel to our own world: the Dreamscape. In the Dreamscape, dreams manifest into beings that represent the strongest emotion in the dream they were born from. These beings are called vibes. Normally vibes are peaceful, however there are those who are born from the bad dreams as well... These are, ironically, the nightmares and if they are strong enough, they can posess the human who dreamed them and become a Vibrant, increasing their power ten fold.

Thankfully, these nightmares and Vibrants are constantly under watch by a special police force that have the power to enter the Dreamscape and take them out. These brave men and women are called Seekers and their team is called the Nightmare Eradication Squad, or NES. This team was first founded ten years ago by a scientist and seven others who discovered the Dreamscape and became the first Seekers. Of the original team, only three remain alive and well-known today, two are missing, and the rest have been killed in the line of duty.

In fact, my father is actually the commander of Rize City's NES. He's not just any Seeker either, he's an Origin! One of the first eight! One day, I'll join him and my older brother as a Seeker and stop the nightmares! We will become the most powerful team NES has to offer and everyone will know my name! Shir-

"Shiroji Akihiko! If you fall asleep in this classroom one more time I will write you up!" Someone shouted, causing Shiroji to look up lazily, drool on his chin.

"Aw come on Miss Zanders... Everyone knows this topic anyway..." he replied, yawning and wiping the drool off his chin. She shook her head and rubbed her eyes with her thumb and index finger, a teacher's version of a facepalm.

"Oh really? Then tell me, what is the name of the device that allows a human to become a Seeker and how does it work?" She replied, smirking at him. He surprised her by walking up to the touch-screen board and started drawing what looked like a smart phone only it was designed to fit on your wrist.

"The name of the device is called the Particle Converter, or more commonly known as a ParCon. As its name describes, it converts our physical bodies into a spiritual form that allows us to enter the Dreamscape. As to how it does this, nobody knows since that information is kept classified." He continued to draw pictures on the screen to demonstrate his explaination. "Did you honestly think that the son of one of the Origins wouldn't know this stuff?!" Miss Zanders' smuggish expression quickly turned into one of pure annoyance.

"Okay then, how about you explain this to us then, since you're the expert. What was the name of the scientist that founded NES?" She knew she got him this time. He knew a lot about the gadgets and the Seekers themselves, but she knew that he always failed to grasp the history of the subject. His silence was enough to satisfy her. "That's what I thought! Now sit back down and start paying attention. For everyone's information, the scientist's name was Sosuke Neroku. Now turn to page five hundred and thirty four." She told everyone, waving an arm across the screen to erase the drawings as he walked away. She stopped, however, when she saw the words "Evil Hag" with an arrow pointing at her. She turned around furiously, the class laughing once they realized what Shiroji had done. One of his clasmates even held a hand out to give him a high five, which Shiroji accepted with a smile.

"THAT DOES IT SHIROJI!" She screams, pulling out an incident sheet and writing him up. After she was finished, she walked over to him and slammed the paper on his desk and pointed to the door, his usual signal to leave the room. It was common knowledge that he and Miss Zanders hated each other. Well SHE hated him for some reason, but he suspected that it had something to do with the fact that she used to have a crush on his dad, but he turned her down. This leads him to believe that she tries to get revenge by giving him a hard time any chance she gets. He just sighed, grabbed the paper, and started walking out of the classroom.

As he walked down the hall, he passed the trophy case where he couldn't help but stare at the shiny gold badge in the front that said, "Kizuru Akihiko - Rize City Matrial Arts Champion year 2437." As he stared at it, he couldn't help but cry to himself. Kizuru was Shiroji's older brother who joined NES as their father's partner. Sadly, the nightmare he was supposed to destroy took over his girlfriend's body and became an abnormally powerful Vibrant. He refused to fight back and eventually the Vibrant killed him and his girlfriend in an explosion and escaped. There was nothing left of his body.

The bell rang, signalling the end of the day and bringing Shiroji back to reality. Figuring that if he didn't want to be murderd tomorrow by Miss Zanders, he would still stop by the office before leaving.

As he walked into the office the secretary looked at the paper in his hand and didn't even say anything and just pointed him to the door behind her, knowing the routine with him and Miss Zander. Shiroji just nodded and knocked on the door before walking in. Mr. Roswell, a man in his late fifties with graying brown hair and always wore a suit, was sitting behind his desk and rolled his eyes as Shiroji walked in.

"Okay what did the devil send you here for this time buddy?" He said sarcastically. It was also known that Mr. Roswell wasn't very fond of Miss Zanders either, however he can't fire her due to the fact that her father was a member of the school district's board of directory. Shiroji just sat in his usual chair and sighed.

"I swear she just hates me... although I have to admit I DID sort of provoke her this time..." He told him, handing him the incident sheet. Surprisingly enough, Mr. Roswell just chuckled.

"Did you really call her an evil hag?" He asked him, an eyebrow raised in curiosity. When Shiroji nodded, the principal just laughed. "I couldn't agree more!" This made Shiroji smile too. This is why he liked Mr. Roswell; he had a cool, down to earth attitude and acted more like a father figure to the students than anything else.

"I swear that woman needs to get laid..." Shiroji said aloud. "Sorry sir!" He added, remembering that Mr. Roswell was still the principal, no matter how cool he was. He just smiled and shook his head as he wrote something and handed it to Shiroji. It was his detention schedule for next week. "I take it you bumped down the punishment for me again?"

"All you did was call her an evil hag... and yet she requested detention for nine school days... I would bump it down to just two days, however considering the size of your file I can't really go much lower than that."

"That's okay sir. I appreciate what you could do." Shiroji replied with a smile.

"Just promise me one thing, Shiro..."

"What would that be?"

"Please please PLEASE try to stay out of Miss Zanders' hair! I know everyone hates her but I can do with some peace for a little bit." He answered, winking. Shiroji promised he would try to stay on her good side, although that was nearly impossible, and left to go get his stuff from his locker.

As he walked home, he couldn't help but notice that he was walking down the road where his brother was killed. He found himself walking over to the oak tree in the park down the road, which still had scorch marks on its bark. He just sat against it for a little while, depressed and staring down at his reflection in a puddle next to him. He had short blonde hair and brown eyes and had an earring shaped like a crescent moon in his right ear that used to belong to Kizuru. There used to be two, however this was the only one found after the explosion.

"I swear Ruru! I will join NES and kill that Vibrant! I will make it pay for what it did to you and Jessica!" He stated, clenching his fist so tight that his fingernails dug into his palm, threatening to cut him. After sitting there for about a half an hour, he starts to leave when something catches his attention out of the corner of his eye next to the tree. Picking it up, he notices it looks like a ParCon, however it looked old and didn't have a brace for his wrist. Thinking that he would show it to his dad, he put it into his backpack and started to walk home.

As he got home, he walked upstairs to his room and got on his computer to check for his homework assignments. When he found that he didn't have any weekend homework, went over to his bed and put his headphones on, just laying there as he shook his foot to the beat of his favorite rock group "Shine." Eventually, he falls asleep with his headphones on, unaware of the eerie glow from his backpack...

The next morning he went downstairs to find his dad, only to find that nobody was home. Thinking that this was wierd for a Saturday, he looked over to the calender to see today's date circled with the words "Sierra's Party 1:30pm." He then looked at the clock and saw that it was already a quarter after one.

"Holy crap! They could've woke me up!" He said, rushing to his room and grabbing a new shirt and throwing his shoes on. He was so frustrated that nobody came to wake him. Sierra was his best friend since they were five, which was about twelves years ago. Finally getting his shoes tied and throwing on a hat, he snatches his backpack, which had Sierra's gift in it, and his skateboard up and runs outside, throwing the skateboard down in front of him and jumping on it to give him a little extra speed as he rushed to Sierra's house.

"I made it!" He said to himself as he stomped the back of the board, making it jump into the air so he could catch it as he walked up to Sierra's front door. As he walked inside however his sister gives him an evil glare as she walks over to him, although with blonde hair tied into a ponytail and cute blue eyes it made her seem a little less intimidating

"I was starting to think you were dead!" she yelled sarcastically. "I tried to wake you up for an hour before we left! AN HOUR!"

"Sorry I fell asleep with my headphones on. Why didn't you just come in?"

"The door was locked so I couldn't." She replied, poking him in the chest with every word.

"Sorry Becky. I'll be more careful not to lock my door anymore." He said apologetically. Becky just stared at him, as if deciding what to do with him. Eventually she turned around and started to walk off.

"I'll let it slide this time." She told him, walking into the kitchen. Chuckling and shaking his head, he looks for Sierra. After about a half an hour, he finally finds her standing on the balcony upstairs. As he approached her, however, something seemed off about her. It wasn't like her to be away from her friends when they were over. Finally, he walked over to her and put a hand on her shoulder, making her jump a little.

"Everything okay?" He asked her, staring into her green eyes that complimented her long naturally colored pink hair that was tied back in a single braid. She looked at him, shadows under her eyes suggesting that she hasn't been sleeping well recently.

"I'm okay." She told him, however he wasn't convinced. "Really I am. I'll be downstairs in a minute." Feeling that maybe he should tell his dad about this, if he was even here, he went downstairs and asked Becky where their father was. When she told him that he had to work today, he swore.

"Why, what's wrong Shiro?" Becky asked him, concerned.

"It's about Sierra... she looks like she hasn't slept for days." Shiroji replied, worry written all over his face. Becky's concern turned into panic as she whispered to him.

"You don't think..."

"It could be... Call him will ya? I forgot my phone at the house. I'll go check on her." He told her as she pulled her phone out to call their dad. He barely made it half way up the steps when a gust of wind pushed him back downstairs, scaring the guests. Suddenly Sierra starts coming down the steps, her hair flowing behind her out of its braid and her eyes pupil-less. It seemed as if the wind was spiraling around her.

"Dammit! EVERYONE GET OUT!!!" Shiroji shouted, making everyone run for the front door as he ran towards the back door, making Sierra, who was obviously possessed by a Vibrant, slowly follow him. As they both got outside, Sierra started to transform: White feathered wings sprouted from her back, her eyes turned completely red, two smaller wings sprouted right above her ears. Her fingers turned into pointed claws and her feet into talons. Finally, her body sprouted green feathers and a purple upper armor that mostly just covered her chest and lower armor that looked like a solid version of a bikini.

"Feeling brave, boy?" Sierra said, although her voice sounded as if there were two people talking in unison. The one voice was hers and the other was slightly lower pitched and more elegant. "Pity... You are quite handsome too..." She said as she raised a claw and attempted to strike him, only to be tackled by a man in a blue bodysuit with a long black sleeveless jacket with blue trim that was long enough to reach his ankles and silver gauntlets, boots, and helmet that had a single blue gem on the forehead and a blue visor. On his waist was a triple barreled handgun and on his back was a scythe. Shiroji recognized the man at once.

"DAD!" Shiroji exclaimed.

"Shiroji run! It's too dangerous here! Get everyone away!" His dad told him, grabbing his scythe as he began to fight Sierra.

"Don't hurt her Dad and be careful!" He yelled as he ran through the house only to stop when he heard what appeared to be static coming from his backpack. As he opened it, he noticed that something was glowing inside and dug around for its source. Finally he pulls out the ParCon he found and stares at its screen, the code "007-M3G4" was flashing on the screen. After staring at it for a minute, he looks back into the back yard to see his dad having a hard time with Sierra, then back to the ParCon.

He knew what he had to do...

Shiroji raised the ParCon into the air and pressed the button on the side, which he noticed every Seeker does to Shift into their Seeker Form, and becomes engulfed in a black aura. It felt as if he was being torn apart and pieced back together as a white body suit formed on him, then armor as black as night started to form starting with his boots, which had knee guards that ended in a point facing upward, then his gauntlets which had the same design elbow guards as his knee guards, then upper body armor with a violet gem in the center with a red scarf that trailed behind him wrapped around his neck.

And finally the helmet which was more of a mask really, covered his lower face and forehead, had two blades that connected at a point at the center of his forehead and curved towards the back of his head, growing in size until they reached the upper back of his head where they just stopped suddenly, and a violet visor. His short blond hair was now bleach white and spiked back. He had a blaster on both thighs and strapped to his lower back by the waist was a short sword. He looked toward the back door and started to head back outside.

Outside, Sierra was starting to get the upper hand on Shiroji's father.

"Had enough yet?" She said smugly, concentrating the wind into her hand and now holding a rapier which she pointed at him. He just smiled.

"Please, don't insult me. You must be new if you don't know who I am. I'm the commander of Rize City's NES team! Shota Akihiko, code name Reaper!" He said, twirling the scythe in his hand and bringing the blade down in front of him. "Now how about you tell me your name."

"I am Garuda the Gale! And yes I have heard of you, just never had the pleasure of fighting you!" She said, almost as if she was enjoying the fight. She rushed at him thrusting her rapier at his chest, but he easily blocked it with an upward swing of his scythe. He spun around and swung the blade three times in succession at Gale, missing each strike, but suddenly pulls out the gun and fires, hitting her in the chest and sending her flying back into the fence. Once she regained her composure, she disappeared in a flash and reappeared above him , stabbing rapidly from the air as she descended. Shota dodged just in time only to find her right next to him and stab him in the arm and pinning him down into the ground as the bloody blade sunk into the ground. She raised her other hand and the wind formed a spear.

"I must admit... I am slightly disappointed. I was expecting more from one of the Origins." She said, bringing the spear down towards his throat, but it was knocked out of her hand by an energy blast coming from the house. Both Gale and Shota looked over to see the source of the attack: a man in midnight black armor pointing a single blaster at Gale, red scarf flowing in the wind.

"That's enough Vibrant! I will be your opponent now!"

*002*2014-02-19 13:59

Thanks. Glad you like it

*004*2014-02-20 05:10

Chapter V: Madness

Everything was silent as Sierra kissed Mega Man, whose face was scarlet. As she ended the kiss, Shiroji noticed that she was also blushing. Suddenly, as if she snapped out of a trance, her eyes widened and turned just as red as he was.

"I-I don't know what came over me! I'm so sorry!" She exclaimed, turning redder by the minute. At this time, all of the students were whistling and whooping at them. Shiroji, still in shock, remained speechless. "Please don't think poorly of me for this!"

"I... um..." Was all Shiroji could manage to say when Reaper walked up to him, laughing.

"Although I wouldn't kiss you, I definitely agree on leaving your helmet open every once in a while." Reaper teased, making the students laugh. "But in all seriousness, I think it's about time everyone went home." Slowly, the students all went to their lockers and collected their backpacks, Shiroji and Reaper still standing together in the courtyard with a rather enraged but beaten Joshua. Reaper shot a glare over to Joshua. "I thought I told you to return to base! Do you want to make things worse on you than it has to be?!" Reaper shouted, still glaring at Joshua. He didn't speak, nor did his rage dissipate, as he slowly got to his feet and started to walk toward the school's main gate, stopping once he got there.

"Mega Man! This is FAR from over! I will hunt you down to the ends of the earth!" Joshua yelled as he pulled out his ParCon. Suddenly, Reaper rushed after Joshua.

"Joshua DON'T! If you Shift now you won't be stable!" Reaper cried out, but it was too late...

"SHIFT! VOLCANUS!" Joshua screamed, becoming engulfed in flames and emerging as Volcanus, his wounds from the fight with both Mega Man and Reaper returned almost instantly causing him to buckle at the knees. Once he recovered, he raised his left hand to his side, his arm outstretched, and began to gather energy into his palm.

"You're not seriously thinking about entering the Dreamscape, are you?! In your current condition, you won't last two minutes in there!" Reaper shouted, concern in his voice as he closed in on Volcanus with Mega Man close behind him. However, with a burst of light the portal opened to the Dreamscape and Volcanus walked through it, the portal closing behind him. Reaper stopped right where Volcanus just was and, to Shiroji's amazement, Shifted back into Shota. "Damn it, Joshua!" Shota cried, tears falling from his face and onto the pavement. He then looked to the sky. "Kizuru... Forgive me..."

"Reaper... Don't blame yourself." Shiroji said, resting his hand on Shota's shoulder. "Neither of us would have ever guessed that he would enter the Dreamscape in his current condition... It's not your fault."

"I know... but I promised my son I would look after Joshua..." Shota suddenly got quiet as he looked up into Shiroji's face.

"Your son... you mean Shiroji?" Shiroji asked, knowing full well that he wasn't who Shota was talking about.

"No... my other son, Kizuru... who was killed in action five months ago. He was my partner, as well as Joshua's best friend and rival at NES." Shota explained as he turned to look where the portal to the Dreamscape was only minutes ago. "He wasn't always like this... He used to be such a good guy... I can't believe how much he's changed since Kizuru died."

"I hate to cut the discussion short, Reaper... but shouldn't we go after him?" Shiroji suggested, but was surprised when Shota shook his head.

"Sadly, I can't... The only downside to my power is that, unless I'm in the Dreamscape, I can only remain in Shift form for thirty minutes at a time due to a Limiter Program that I haven't been able to completely remove yet. All of the Origins' ParCons have it. It used to be only twenty minutes, but I managed to break the program's code a bit and push the limit to thirty minutes." Shota replied grimly.

With this bit of news, Shiroji started to worry. This is bad! I don't know how to open the portal yet and Dad is powerless right now... and Joshua won't last much longer... Damn it! What should I do?! Shiroji thought as he tried to come up with a solution. Thinking about how Joshua summoned the portal, Shiroji raised his hand in front of him and tried to focus as hard as he could in opening a protal himself, however nothing happened.

"Damn it! How do you open the portal, Reaper? I'll go get him." Shiroji asked only to see Shota shake his head.

"The only way you can open a portal to the Dreamscape is if you are an officer-ranked Seeker. The Vibes and Nightmares in the Dreamscape are ten times as powerful as they would be here, which is why they tend to possess people so they can use the life force of their host as a catalyst to use their full power here. Due to this, low ranking Seekers cannot enter the Dreamscape unless accompanied by an officer. Since you aren't with NES, you can't open one." Shota explained.

"So there's nothing we can do?!" Shiroji exclaimed, swearing when Shota shook his head once again. Getting up, Shota pulls a small clear sheet with a cd in it and hands it to Shiroji.

"Here. This will come in handy for later down the road. It's a Seeker's best friend." Shota told him.

"What is it?" Shiroji asked, staring at the disk.

"It's a customization program for your ParCon: the PACS."

"PACS?"

"Particle Alteration and Customization System. You can use it to modify your Shift Form's functions and equipment. I owed you for saving me from Garuda the Gale, so I figured that I would give you one of these. Don't worry, I took the liberty of removing the Tracer function from it so you can't be found." Shota said, winking. "To use it, simply place the cd in the disk drive of your ParCon and plug the ParCon into your computer or phone."

"Thank you, Reaper. I'm sure it will be put to good use." Shiroji stated, materializing his ParCon and inserting the cd into it.

"Just remember that you didn't get it from me." Shota replied, winking. "Anyway, we should be heading out. I have to call in a rescue team so we can find Joshua and bring him back before he gets himself killed." With that, Shota pulled out his phone and started walking away from the school. Figuring that now would be a better time than ever, he jumps to the roof of the school and Shifts back into his human form. Once he collected his stuff from his homeroom classroom, he walks home.

Three days after the incident at the school, there was still no sign of Joshua and Shota has been working around the clock, even sleeping in his office apparently since he hasn't been home since the school incident. Although Becky was there all the time, the two of them never really hung out so he tended to just stay in his room and listen to music. Boredom now overtaking him, he decided to pull out his ParCon and plug it into his laptop as his father instructed.

Almost instantly, the PACS system booted up. Along the left edge of his screen was a guage with the word "Memory" above it, which was about sixty percent full. Below the guage, it told him how much memory was currently used alongside his Shift Form's maximum data capacity. Currently, his maximum was one gigabyte and six hundred and five megabytes were currently used. Mext to the guage was a rotating model of Mega Man, complete with weapons. Along the right edge of the screeen was a list of the programs currently in use, such as his Shift form, his blasters, his shortsword, the energy reserve for his blasters, and the operating system for his helmet, each program gave a brief description of its functions and how much memory each program took up. In the top right corner, he saw a box with the number fefty nine in it with the word "Fragments" to the left of it. Finally, there was the workspace of the program where he would create an/or install new programs for his ParCon.

For about an hour, he fiddled with the PACS to get a better understanding of how it worked. Eventually he got the hang of it and learned that the fragments were used to create new programs. The more advanced the program or equipment, the more fragments required. However, he had no idea how to find these fragments and figured he would do some more research on it later as he closed the laptop and got ready for bed.

As soon as he started to fall asleep, however, Shiroji hears an explosion from outside and runs to his window to find the neighbor's house on fire. Suddenly there was a knock at the door.

"Shiroji! Hurry we got to get out of here!" Becky shouted through the door.

"I know! I'm geting dressed! I'll be right behind you! Call the fire department and get going!" Shiroji replied as he unplugged his ParCon and opened his window. and jumped out of it.

"Shift! M3G4!" Shiroji shouted, transforming into Mega Man and, using the new Air Dash program he installed, flew into the burning house. Shiroji immediately used the

Barrier program to keep the flames at bay as he searched the house for his neighbors. After searching the whole house, he was relieved to find that nobody was inside. As he made his way to the back door, however, he saw the last person he was expecting to meet standing at the door: Volcanus.

"So... We meet again! I figured setting this house on fire would get your attention... Guess I was right." Volcanus told Shiroji with a twisted grin on his face.

"You destroyed someone's home... just to lure me out?! Are you insane?!" Shiroji demanded, only to get a maniacal laugh in return.

"Insane? Hardly... Determined is more like it. You and Reaper made a fool out of me... and I WILL see that you two pay for it... Starting with you!" Volcanus explained, opening a portal to the Dreamscape.

"You made a fool out of yourself, you lunatic!" Shiroji retalliated, aiming his blasters at Volcanus, however Volcanus merely chuckled.

"As much as I want to completely and utterly destroy you, I won't be fighing you here. Take the cd on the counter over there." Volcanus instructed, pointing towards a cd cloaked in a barrier. "That will grant you access to the Dreamscape. I won't be needing it anymore. I'll be expecting you tomorrow afternoon at noon in the park. Enter the Dreamscape there and I will be waiting for you there. Oh, by the way... for each hour that passes and you don't show up... I will do destroy someone else's home, and this time I will make sure that they are inside it when it happens!" With those words, and a maniacal laugh, he walks through the portal, closing it behind him.

"Damn it!" Shiroji swore, picking up the cd and running outside and running to the street where the firefighters were already attempting to put the fire out. Suddenly, he sees Becky sitting on the back of one of the fire trucks. Once she spots him, she starts to walk over to him, only to have a portal open up behind her and Volcanus grabs her by the arm, making her scream.

"LET HER GO VOLCANUS!" Shiroji shouted, pointing his blasters at him.

"Consider her your incentive to come and fight me. If you are even a minute too late, I will burn her alive!"

"You bastard! How much lower will you go?!"

"Tomorrow at noon, Mega Man! BE THERE!" Volcanus yells, pulling Becky into the portal with him. Not wasting any time, he runs to his room and transforms back into his normal form and plugs the ParCon into his laptop and installs the portal's codes so he can enter the Dreamscape. However, he found that he could not activate it until eleven in the morning, obviously to prevent him from sneaking in and taking back Becky.

"Hang in there Becky... I'm gonna bring you back home! I promise!" Shiroji swore, grabbing his ParCon and holding it to his chest as he looked out the window. Deciding that it would be wise to get some rest for tomorrow he goes to bed, only to find that his worry was keeping him awake. Eventually he does fall into an uneasy sleep filled with dreams of Becky being burnt alive and even becoming a Vibrant...

Waking up to his alarm, which was set for eleven am, he grabs his ParCon and Shifts into Mega Man and rushes for the park. Once there, he activates the Portal program and opens the way to the Dreamscape. Once it was stable, he walked through it and entered the Dreamscape for the first time.

*006*2014-02-20 16:16

Oh crap! Completely wrong chapter!!! Lmao I'll fix it when I get home tonight. Sorry about the mix up

