Neily and her roommate

Author: Blackxp

*000*2011-06-11 10:13

Neily and her roommate,patty, are in their dormitory room. They were playing drinking games and slept together. 2.00 in the morning, Neily woke up and felt a huge pressure in her abdomen. She checked if she wet the bed-but,no.'Whew!"she sighed. This sound woke Patty who lit the torch since it's so dark. She shone on Neily and saw her bulge bladder. "Oooo,someone's in need."cooed Patty. Neily blushed as red as a tomato, she took the torch from Patty and shone on Patty too."Ha! Don't laugh so much, I wont help you clean the mess!Huh!"shouted Neily gleefully.

Fighting back, Patty asked for a bladder competition between her and Neily. Neily looked taken back but agreed finally. Neily tried to go back sleeping but found her hand always going to the crotch to hold her full bladder. While Patty was trying to divert her own attention on her pressured bladder by reading a book but crossed her legs so hard together. A cold wind blew in, both of them clutched their crotch and shivered from the wind. It made their need even more caution than ever.

"please, Patty, can I stop the game? I really need to go now!" Neily squirmed in her bed so hard that the bed was creaking."ouch! It's getting painful!Please!" She looked at the desk wher Patty should be sitting, but found no sign of her. "What?! She went to the bathroom already?! That is cheating!OH!" Her shouting took up some of her energy and relaxed her muscles around her peehole which caused a small droplet leakage of urine to her panties. She concentrated back to the muscles and regained thecontrol.

She slowly walked small steps,grabbing her crotch, to the bathroom in their room's end.(Their room is so big!) "Patty, you bitch! You just don't want me to fight the bathroom with you so you made up the whole thing!" shouted Neily. She banged the door with one hand clutching her crotch and continue moving her thighs around. The door suddenly swung open and caused Neily leaked a squirt of urine."OH!" While she's not aware of，Patty locked the bathroom door. “Okay, get away, don’t block the way!” She pulled the door knob but it wouldn’t budged since it was locked. “Patty…don’t tell me you lock the door. And you cheated! You went to relieved yourself first!”

“So what if I cheat? The main problem is that you are so desp now, duh.” Said Patty gleefully. “Now my dear Neily, why don’t we sat on the bed to eased our nerve?”

Neily sat down obediently. Patty quickly tied her to the bed’s pole. “AH!” Another squirt of urine to her panties which is now wet from her two squirts. Neily struggled against the ropes but must also prevent the pee hole muscle from relaxing. “Ah…uh…uh…, let me…go…”said Neily, now many sweat sliding from her face. She was definitely tired from the holding. Patty removed Neily’s trousers and Neily felt the pressure on her abdomen lessened a bit. But not very long after the little relaxes, Patty finally tied her legs spread but she still managed to crossed them. Patty’s eyes glinted wickedly and picked out a feather and started tickling her crotch. “AHHHhhhh! Don’t! Hahahahaha! Don’t! Hahaha!” She finally couldn’t stand anymore and felt a hot powerful gush of pee shoting right at Patty’s face. The crotch area of her panties darkened very quickly with pee dripping along the sheet of the bed to the floor. ‘Ouch! Neily, you!” shouted Patty angrily.

Neily laughed but her smile faded as fast as it came. Uh…oh the mess she had made, the wetness of the sheet of the bed. She had peed herself so badly.

Patty now wiping the pee off her face said grimly “Let’s clean up.”

