Vicki Vale (Arkham City)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-11-23 06:03

I hope you enjoy, blah blah blah. I gotta pee, can't talk.

Her ruby red lips were drawn back in a frown across her porcelain face. Pearly white teeth grit against each other in an effort to contain pent up urine that was swelling up beneath her cocktail mini-dress. Vicki put her jacket back, which just happened to hang past her dress, and buttoned it up covering her bulging abdomen under two layers of clothing. It was even colder in the helicopter than the ground below, and the pilot refused to turn on the heat. Her camera man fixated on the Arkham City complex below as they hovered on the outskirts.

“There is still no confirmation on the condition of Bruce Wayne. Whether he is alive or not is still unknown.” She slipped her hand into her crotch as she tried to relieve some of the pressure. It was then that she noticed Batman emerge from the GCPD building. The news copter lowered to get a better view of him.

“My god, our mystery caller was correct. It looks like batman himself is exiting the building.” She said in awe, after all Vicki didn’t really think the anonymous caller was a credible source. In fact she had spent the past half hour hating him for making her sit outside of the building with no access to a bathroom.

“Is he really? Hello Gotham, it’s me. I’m afraid Ms. Vale will soon be leaving the airwaves.” The manic voice of Joker interrupted the broadcast, moments before an RPG rocket struck the tail of the helicopter sending it spiraling out of control. “We apologize for this interruption.”

Vicki felt herself begin to leak as she was thrown around the compartment, she tried to keep herself from falling out. “We’ve been hit! We’re going down! Mayday! Mayday!” The broadcast began to distort her voice. “If anyone can hear me we’re-“ the broadcast cut out at the copter spun out, crashing into a damaged bridge way. Vicki tumbled out, the only survivor.

She was miraculously unscathed albeit a few tears on her pantyhose and a new warm wetness in her panties… oh god…. So much…. pee… still left inside me. The little relief she got only edged on further waves of desperation to envelop her. She ignored it as she reached for her mic.

“Hello? Gotham! I don’t know if you can hear me. My news copter has been shot down. We’ve crashed down somewhere in Arkham city. We need help!” She cried into the mic as she crossed her legs, considering kicking off her heels. “I am now stuck on part of the old Gotham freeway in what looks like a turf war between…” She gasped as a gun shot rang out, a bullet narrowly missed Vicki. She backed up closer to the cover of the damaged helicopter.

“What the hell was that? Oh god! There are snipers! They are all around my position. I can see what looks like inmates moving in on us. If anyone can hear me, send help!” She began to constantly repeat cries for help as she trembled with desperation. She cowered behind the crash site as bullets bounced off the street around her. A spurt soaked her panties further as the warmth faded and was replaced with coldness she wondered if she would have icicles form beneath her.

“Gunfire has ceased from dini towers. I can no longer see the snipers on the roof of the apartment building.” She confirmed as the men seemed to have disappeared. Then the snipers on her left disappeared as well. “It appears the snipers covering my position from the south-east have gone. The roof of the kirshen building has gone quiet. Either they have all left, or someone has taken them out.”

Vicki began to pace back and forth, to keep her mind off of her bladder. She occasionally did an awkward dance until the figure of batman appeared before her. She gasped and stepped back, losing another spurt of pee.

Batman caught Vicki around the waist and shot a zipline to the old casino building behind her dropping her off there.

“You should be safe here for now. Stay here, and keep out of sight.” He commanded.

Ignoring her bladder for a moment she took the chance to speak. “Any chance I could get an exclusive. Care to tell Gotham what’s going on with your face?” She asked, referring to the scars and black veins coming from beneath his mask.

“No. Stay there and be quiet.” He demanded when he suddenly had a voice call out through his cowl.

“Now, that’s no way to talk to the nice reporter lady, bats.” The Joker teased.

“What do you want?” Batman asked gruffly.

“Who are you talking to.” Vicki asked, though she wanted to say: “If you aren’t going to give me an exclusive please leave before I pee myself!” Fortunately his back was too her and she risked holding herself and crossing her legs.

“Now see what you’ve done? The poor woman’s all confused. Hardly surprising, I suppose. I mean, she’s just been in a terrible accident.” The Joker laughed.

“That you caused.” Batman accused.

“How dare you! I’ve never been so… oh what the hell? Yeah, OK it was me.” The joker admitted. “I just need a little time to guarantee that Harley got back to me with my delicious cure, and if you are a good little boy I may even save a little for you. Unlikely I know, But I’m really your last hope aren’t I?” On that note Batman ascended to the sky.

“Well, Gotham, it appears I am safe, for now.” Definitely going to pee myself, but safe. She looked for a bathroom as she doubled over. It was futile. She took a few more steps, but her feet inevitably gave out from beneath her. Hot pee gushed from her urethra, soaking the snow beneath her to a dark yellow as steam billowed upwards. The relief was amazing and the warmth was even better. That didn’t matter though, Vicki tried to fight the flow as she rose to her feet. She only successed in causing rivulets of hot, golden pee to cascade down her legs, soaking her pantyhose and saturating her long, silky legs. The flood filled her high heel boots and caused a pool of urine to fill up to her ankles. She trembled as the last of the urine rolled down her thighs.

She examined herself, she was soaked, her legs were soaked, her dress and the back of her jacket was soaked. She was; however, alive.

*004*2012-11-24 23:28

{{: 

I was just about to request a story about Vicki when I saw this, so thanks!

}}

{{:

Thanks for this....i enjoyed it very much :)

}}

{{:

It was pretty good, I really enjoyed the desperation.

}}

Wow, thank! I'm glad you all liked it. I was actually disappointed in the way this story turned out; so I'm happy to hear that some people enjoyed it:D

*006*2012-11-25 01:11

{{: 

Dat was good! Keep them coming!

}}

Thanks! Glad you liked it:)

*008*2012-11-25 09:41

{{: 

Well i wasn't dissapointed with it....it was very good :)

}}

I'm glad you think so:)

