Omo Microfiction

Author: satyr

*000*2015-05-27 23:03

Microfiction is a creative challenge. There's no hard boundary between microfiction and longer fiction, but it's all about writing short. Usually you have a limit, so and so many words. The limit is up to you and common sense. You can aim to hit an exact word-count, or simply to write no longer than your limit.

The most famous microfiction story is Hemingway's: For sale: baby shoes, never worn.

Another good one is by Augusto Monterroso: Cuando despertó, el dinosaurio todavía estaba allí. When he woke, the dinosaur was still there.

You don't have to restrict yourself to one sentence.

When writing microfiction, you lack many of the tools of conventional fiction. There just isn't enough room to fit in traditional plotting, character development, or imagery. Instead of telling or showing, you'll find yourself evoking. The unsaid and implied becomes very important. You can do plot, but you have to present it in a very perfunctory way. The same goes for characterization. Often, it's better to just write a vignette that has neither per se, but evokes a lively image in the reader's mind. Hemingway's iceberg theory comes to mind. What goes on on the surface is just the tip, the rest is hidden underwater, but it's still there. The challenge is to find the right words to evoke something beyond what can be told straight in the few words you have.

I've written a few omorashi microfictions. Some are <50 words, some <100 words (as counted by my text editor), but no longer. If you want to take up the challenge, I'd be delighted. I'll probably update the thread periodically if you all enjoy this. The great thing about it is that you don't have to devote much time to it. But remember the quote (attributed to just about every writer ever, but still true): I didn't have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead.

Enough babbling!

80 words

She rose like a nymph out of the pool. Her feet pitter-pattered against the tiles. She was the last one. All the others had gone to the showers. The girl looked down at herself, her bathing suit, her toes. She knew she couldn't last all the way home. Looking left and right, as if crossing the road, the girl sat down and swung her feet over the water. The bounce of her butt on the tiles made the pool yellow.

50 words

I'm really impressed by your progress. We'll do one more set, and then we're done. You can do it! That's what you're paying me for! No excuses! Off the rack, down, and lift. I can see it in your face, you're really pushing yourself—Oh my god, are you peeing?

100 words

Really, it had started so innocently. She got up, Julie arrived, they ran and grabbed coffee and went to the boardwalk to watch the skateboarders without their* shirts on. She thought nothing of it. It was a hot day. A day that called for hydration. She carried a bottle. So did Julie. They'd been out all day, and there was nowhere to go. She was positively bouncing. Didn't Julie have to go? What was she, a camel? She felt something trickle into her panties and blushed. Soon it would be all over her jeans shorts. Total embarrassment. Unless—water fight!

* Footnote: this is where a feature some languages have called obviative pronouns would come in handy. You don't have to worry about that, just know that you could use them to specify whether it's the skateboarders or the girls that are shirtless.

50 words

The scene: two desperate housewives, one bathroom. Both have toddlers in strollers. Both trying to hide their predicament by chatting about gardens and spring. But there: one makes a break for the bathroom. The other is stuck. She's out of time, but not out of options. Squat over toddler diaper.

100 words

I could use a break, what about you? Yeah, cool, I'll just stay in the car and read. You sure? Yes, mom, I'm not three. That was two hours ago. She felt three. Slowly, it was creeping out. She could feel her panties sticking to her. She shifted her feet and some more came out. It broke through her jeans and bloomed like a flower, drawn by a three-year-old for her mother. She tried, so hard. But then it flowed. Out between her legs, under her butt, and into the seat. She let out a sob and her mother saw.

100 words

The bladder is a fascinating organ. The whole wall is a muscle called the detrusor, which relaxes to allow urine to fill the bladder. As a continuation of the detrusor, the internal sphincter is held shut to prevent leakage at inapportune moments. Both are under autonomous, that is to say involuntary control. The external sphincter, however, is under voluntary control, but it does not have infinite strength. When enough is enough, the detrusor contracts, and both sphincters relax, allowing the urine to flow out unimpeded. Truly, a remarkable instrument to humiliate a young medical student in front of her peers.

50 words

There's one thing adults never told you about partying: you need to pee. All the time. But that isn't the worst of it. She had discovered something far worse. You don't even care! Ludicrous, her rational mind insisted. On her way home, all over her dress, she learned her lesson.

100 words

Nadia was the kind of girl who didn't worry about things. She didn't worry about her grades. They worked out all right. She didn't worry money: her little job was enough. She didn't worry about taking out the trash. She didn't worry about the weather. And one thing that certainly always worked out was going to the bathroom. She didn't even think about it, not when she ordered the extra size drink at the movie theater, not in the car on the way home or when brushing her teeth. When Nadia woke up cold, she got something to worry about.

50 words

Oh my god, I'm not sure if I can do this. What if someone notices? It's totally obvious. Don't worry baby, no one's gonna notice. Only me. Okay? Okay. I'm gonna do it for you. I'll send you a picture.

From: Your Girl

Guess whose diapey leaked in class, asshole!

*002*2015-05-27 23:55

{{:

These are really cool!

I particularly loved the Nadia one, and the "I'm not 3!" girl in the car.

Do you mind me asking how old the wetter was in your head in each of those two? (Clearly part of the fun of microfiction is that it's not specified - but I'm curious what you were imagining!)

}}

Yes, that's the fun part.

Nadia: college girl, in my head.

I'm not three: mid-teens, I guess? The story works if she's ten or fifteen, but if it has sexual undertones for you (as it inevitably does for many of us), it's obviously better if she's older. The embarrassment also increases exponentially the older she is. Your ten-year-old had an accident? She's too old for it, but accidents happen. Fifteen? Whole nother story.

*005*2015-06-01 14:42

{{:

I hate to admit it, but I rather enjoy a few of these microfictions. I still prefer longer stories, but these are nice. They're like an appetizer to tide you over for a bigger meal.

}}

Pretty much all my stories have been very long. This is just a fun little thing to try something different. I'll update this thread later with some more very short stories.

I'll also try and get back to my longer stories. I think I have several that are on hold, they're kind of hanging there with no proper ending to the story arc.

*006*2015-06-02 17:26

Moar. If you like any of these and would like me to expand them into longer stories, I'll consider it.

100 words

Я не панимаю, he said. Bathroom for fuck's sake! Do. You. Have. A. Bathroom? Bafroom? Pee-pee? Yes! Nyet. Fuck fuck fuck. No! I'm leaking. Sarah, what am I gonna do? I don't know. Maybe just... I can't fucking squat in the street! This fucking Russian... Noo! Rachel, you seriously having an accident? Yes! You're twenty-three! I'M FUCKING DOING IT OKAY I CAN'T STOP I'M PEEING OH MY GOD IT'S COMING OUT!!!!111 Jesus, Rachel, it's everywhere. You peed on my shoe! Please, Sarah, just let me sit here in my puddle and quietly curse the universe. Ew. It's in my socks.

100 words

She was pretty, tall, long brown hair and doe eyes. And she was his girlfriend. He admired her hips as she walked toward him. But her look said she wasn't happy to see him. What could he possibly have done wrong this time? He'd never understand women. As she got closer, he noticed a peculiar shadow. Her makeup running. She wasn't unhappy to see him. There was a long wet streak down her legs. The source, a dark spot glistening in the streetlight. A faint smell of urine hung in the air. Oh, how much fun he was gonna have.

50 words

It starts at her peehole and spreads, as if exploring the outside of her, into her panties. The panties soak it up. They've been sitting in the back of her closet. It's been too long since they tasted liquid of any kind. A shudder runs through her. Her panties smile.

80 words*

The twins are in the backseat of a car. Their older sister is in the front. One challenged the other: who can hold it the whole trip? You can't, you have a child's bladder, one of them said. Shut up, said the other. We're identical twins! We have the same bladders! Now one is openly squirming, the other trying to hide the fact that she's equally desperate. In the front, their sister observes, amused. Their mother is oblivious. For now.

* Note: considering making this into a longer story.

100 words

Hannah woke up desperate to pee. There was already a little wet dot between her legs. She swung her feet out and leaked. There was no time. She had to make it! Hannah ran to the bathroom, in time to release most of it in the toilet. She had no time to lock the door. Too preoccupied to notice her mother in the door. All done, honey? Whaa—mom! How did you...? I followed the trail of pee, honey. Looks like someone isn't ready to let go of her pull-ups. But mom... No buts, missy, you're ten. It's your responsibility.

100 words

A meeting was called. Mistakes had been made. Someone had to be held accountable. Who, they had not yet decided. Joyce had no particular desire to be there, but it was expected of her. Deciding who would take the fall dragged out. Apparently assigning blame to someone who had done no wrong was hard. Not morally, just practically. Another thing that was hard was her bladder. She had gone all day without a visit to the little lady's room. She had been squirming the last hour. sShe figured there was only one way to end this meeting. With a hiss.

100 words (allusion to messing)

Lily was hanging off the edge of a cliff. Literally. She'd been climbing with her friends, but her rope had gotten caught on some sharp edge, and although it should be impossible, the rope was absolutely torn apart. She feel thirty feet, she had a sharp pain in her side, and she was clinging for dear life. Finally, she managed to haul herself up on the edge. Lily, you okay? They yelled from above. I'm mostly fine, she yelled back. Except for the pain in her side and the lump in her pants and the wet streaks down her thighs.

80 words

It wasn't like she needed the diapers. It wasn't like she was incontinent or anything. The thing was, she was going to be stuck on a bus for hours. The last time that happened, let's just say a regrettable incident happened all over her. Now she could just let go anytime she wanted to. It was about time she did. The warmth spread in her lap, contained, and to her surprise, it was quite cozy. She might actually like it.

60 words

Ali had the idea he was gonna get her. She was his boss, and here they were on a not-officially-a-date date. He liked her alright, not in a girlfriend way, but she needed to be knocked down a peg. So he kept her hydrated all day and accidentally drove the wrong way, and accidently let her off a little too late.

125 words (includes sex)

She was on her knees, panties in a heap on the floor. Let's just say he was enjoying himself. The problem was, she really, really had to pee. In her position, she couldn't even squirm. She considered aborting mission to run for the bathroom, but that seemed like bad manners. He was about to peak, anyway. Just a little longer. She engaged her best techniques. Yes, she is a geek. But some men find glasses sexy, and he was such a man. There is no mathematical equation that describes this situation, however. First, a little leaked out, then she just couldn't. It all came out. What would he think? Babe, you've never been more sexy than in this moment. Phew. That was a close call.

*007*2015-06-12 17:06

Haiku (12 words)

She drank way too much

Bladder miscalculated

Bed wet like a girl

100 words

The light drizzle began soaking into her clothes, chilling her skin. She stood at a bus stop with no shelter, beside an old woman and a young man. The coffee and tea had conspired to take her to her breaking point. Then she realized: everyone was wet to the bone. Tentatively, she allowed some to leak past her defenses. It travelled down her thigh, joining the rain. She tried to let out a little more, but there was no stopping once she started. The rain masked her relief. A little puddle formed under her. She blushed, but no one noticed.

75 words

I want to go on that one! Are you sure? It looks pretty scary. Relax, it's only a roller coaster. We have to get in line now or we're never getting the front. But I have to... Come on! Why are you so nervous? You can't stand still. You won't die, I promise. Oh, we're up. Strap in. Wooooohoooo! That was awesome! Wait, why are you crying? What's that? You peed yourself? Oh my god.

100 words

Jane stirs in her sleep. Uneasy dreams. Beside her is Jo. They're sharing a bed for the night. Jo used to wet the bed. Jane did not. She keeps tossing. Then, through her bikini panties. A little bit, sliding down. Soaking into the bedding. A little more. Running down, into the sheets, and as Jane turns, it gets under Jo too. A big, wet spot under the both of them. Jane wakes up. Cold. She realizes what happened. Shocked, but resourceful, she changes panties, then moves Jo over to her spot. Jane wakes her gently, comforting her. An accident, awful.

50 words

The couch is just too comfortable. I'm too sleepy. The movie is almost over. I haven't been since noon. I just want to sleep. Fuck it. I'm peeing here. Screw the couch, we should get a new one. It actually feels kind of nice. I feel innocent like a child.

*013*2015-06-20 19:38

{{:

There's an automated thing that turns the word p-i-s-s-i-n-g into w-e-t-t-i-n-g. As a result my second to last microstory doesn't make sense. It won't let me edit it either.

}}

Wait, really? You can say "fuck" but not "wetting"?

100 words

I knew the moment I walked into the theater that the extra large coke was a mistake. But I couldn't help myself. I had salty popcorn and I was thirsty. By the middle of the movie, all the liquid had migrated to my bladder. I couldn't sit still. I put my hands in my lap. Finally, a little came out. I was teary. But the seats around me were empty. I had an idea: I spread my legs out and lifted my bum. Then I peed, and left the theater with only a small wet spot to show for it.

100 words

Dentists terrify me. Their tools are the spawn of satan. Only when the pain exceeds my fear do I go, and not without a valium. This time, I asked for an appointment today, and the only available time was right now. This was a problem, because I hadn't peed in hours. The battle between bladder and toothache was won by the teeth. I went in with a full bladder and left with an empty one. Jesus Christ, he said, you're a grown woman! What do you expect, I tried to say, when you stick a murder weapon in my mouth.

70 words

There's nothing better than a warm bed with a human bed warmer by your side. I always feel so safe and protected. I'm ashamed to say that, at twenty-six, I'm still afraid of the dark. I have to wake him up every time I have to pee. He's getting tired of following me to the bathroom like I'm a puppy. Unfortunately for him, this dilemma means I'm not quite housebroken.

20 words

Beach. Sun. Rolling waves and surfers and girls peeing through their bikinis. Staples of a childhood. Birthplace of a fetish.

100 words

She'd never been as embarrassed as when her brother barged in on her changing out of pee-soaked clothes. Her jeans were piled on the floor, and her panties were halfway see-through. In her haste, she hadn't locked the bathroom door. He stood paralyzed for a moment before turning away. He walked out, and said through the door, Anna, what happened? Anna was even more embarrassed by the fact that she hadn't been stuck in traffic, like last time, or couldn't find the bathroom in a department store, like the time before that. She'd simply been on the computer too long.

*021*2015-06-24 21:17

100 words

I'm at my limit. I just need to get home. But I can't step on the cracks. I just can't! I stepped on one and had to hop back all the way and do it over again. I don't know if I can make it. But I'm more afraid to step on the cracks than of peeing myself in public. Can't explain it. It's just how it is. Hop, hop, hop, stop. I can't fight two forces at once. I have to let it run down my legs, I have to let my boyfriend know. The whole world is cracks.

100 words

Babe, do you need to pee? No. Okay. Let's see about those shoes, then. Why are you fidgeting? I'm just excited about shoes, silly! This is how I always stand when I'm trying on shoes. I want these ones! Don't you want to look at some others? No. Okay, go pay. I'll wait. Babe, what's that smell? I think you should go to the bathroom right now. Noooo! Are you my girlfriend or a child? Okay, I'll go. It wasn't even that bad! Are your panties clean and dry? Uh... Almost? Did you learn anything today? These shoes are ugly.

70 words

Special Incidents Report: Triad Cryogenics Institute, 9/27/33.

Woman approached front desk, asking to be let up to third floor restrooms. Was redirected to bioidentifaction department. Observed by nanodrone cameras, seen to be in some distress. Could not supply correct bioidentifaction. Returned to front desk. Climbed over desk while shouting obscenities at attendant. Guards called. Was dragged from the premises, while pee trailed out of the legs of her hazard suit.

130 words

She sat on the edge of her bed, waving her feet in the air. It was her childhood bed, although she was no child anymore. She recalled how she used to be afraid of monsters under her bed. If she woke up and had to pee, she had to hold it all night, or in times of desperation, throw her pillow on the floor and hope the monster wouldn't grab her. So many nights, curled up holding herself. She leaned back, pictured the monster, with one giant eye, an amoebic visage, yet also claws. It felt strangely freeing to lean back with that familiar feeling of desperation, a whole family dinner's worth of drinks pushing on her, prompting her to squirm. Unlike in her childhood, she smiled and let go.

100 words (the only ones for me are the mad ones...)

... and exploding like stars in the sky in the birthing of a new solar system, dewdrops on a morning window rudely scattered by a child's hand eager to see what the day has to bring, singing like an angry cat, spreading like milk from a dropped glass, a painting made by flinging colors at the ground, like a pitcher of lemonade poured in reverse, red as a stoplight, she sat in Literature 101 and thought about the difference between similes and metaphors as she began to feel uncomfortably warm around her butt, what metaphors could apply to this moment?

