Humiliating Bedwetting

Author: Axis

*000*2013-05-14 03:02

This is a story I wrote for Kelli, but I worked way too hard on it not to post it here.

Susan yawned as she opened the door of her bedroom. After a tiring day at school, she just wanted to flop onto her bed and go to sleep. Unfortunately, she had to get ready first. She took off her jeans and tank top, replacing them with a pink nightgown. She decided that she didn't need panties, so she got in bed without any. As soon as she pulled up the covers and got comfortable, she felt a twinge in her bladder. She put a hand on her stomach, easing the small pain. She figured she could just wait until tomorrow since she was much too tired to get up. She turned off her bedside lamp, and dozed off.

That night, she dreamt that she was at school. She was in class, and she really needed to pee. She raised her hand, but the teacher didn't seem to notice. After what felt like forever, the teacher finally asked her what she wanted. As pee slowly leaked into her panties, she frantically told him about her need, but all he said was: "Wake up, sweetie. you're going to be late. Wake up...wake up..."

"Wake up! Come on Susan, get up!" It was Susan's mother, trying to get her daughter awake before she ended up missing the bus. Susan awoke with a start, as intense pain and agony assaulted her pee hole. She immediately put two fingers on it to stop any leaking. Then, her mother pulled the covers back in one swift move, and Susan had no choice but to take her fingers away. She tried to hold it in on her own, but it was no use. Pee squirted, then flowed from beneath her nightgown, soaking her bed sheets. Her mother just stood there, shocked at what she saw. Her teenage daughter was wetting the bed right in front of her!

"Susan! Absolutely not!" Her mother scolded, slapping her rear repeatedly as she continued to pee uncontrollably. Susan screamed in pain,"I'm sorry, Mom! I won't do it again! Owww!"

"Damn right you won't! I'm calling your father right now so we can talk about this."

"No, don't!" Susan pleaded. She was embarrassed enough without also getting chewed out by her father. Susan's mother left the room, and Susan sat up. Her hands were soaked with a mix of urine and tears as she overheard her mother telling him what had happened. Then, her mother walked back into the room.

"Get ready for school and don't you dare miss the bus. I'll think about how to punish you, and it will start by having you clean up this mess before you leave, understood?"

"Yes, mother." Susan sighed and did as she was told. The next morning, she woke up just as desperate as before, if not a little more so. She jumped up and ran, hands between her legs, toward the bathroom. She tried the knob, but it was locked. Then she saw the sign on the door. It had a crude drawing of a girl with a yellow circle around her feet, and it read,"Toilets for Adults Only." Great. Susan got ready for school, skipping most of the steps due to the locked bathroom, and waited outside for the bus. It was a cold winter day out, and it was not helping. She danced in place until she saw the bus turn the corner. She stood as still as she could as the doors opened, and she got on.

Thankfully, she was one of the first stops, so there were not a bunch of kids to shove past. She took a seat as far back as she could, and squirmed violently. She tried everything from bouncing up and down to sitting on her heel, but nothing seemed to help whatsoever. Finally, the bus arrived at the school building. She waited in agony for the kids in front of her to get off the bus, whispering 'hurry up' over and over to herself. She hopped off the bus and ran inside, no longer caring who saw her with her hands now firmly down her unbuttoned jeans and laced white panties. She felt a spurt of warmth hit her hands, and she ran even harder. As soon as she reached the bathroom, she shoved the door open and dashed inside.

BOOM!

She hit the ground hard after crashing into someone. That someone turned out to be a guy from her AP Chemistry class, Ron. Even being knocked to the floor, he looked dreamy. He looked a bit like Jacob from the Twilight films.

"Susan?" he asked. "Why are you in here?"

"Wha-? Oh, umm, am I, uh, not in the girls' room?"

"Nope."

"Oh...sorry." She was lost in his eyes. He made her forget everything that was bothering her, and she felt her stress just melt away. She felt relieved...uh-oh. She looked down and, sure enough, she was having another accident. Right in front of Ron. "I'm so sorry! Don't look at me!" she squealed as pee gushed into her jeans and spilled out onto the floor of the boys' bathroom. She felt so defeated, there was nothing she could do. She felt her panties become soaked and sticky with all the pee flowing through them.

Ron couldn't help but watch in amazement as this beautiful girl unleashed a torrent of pee into her clothes. He felt bad for her, so he walked over and helped her up. A few drops of pee fell from her soaked jeans as he helped her to the nurse's office. He winked at her before leaving to go back to class, and she couldn't help but smile and blush. Her smile soon turned into a frown, however. Her mother was really going to pissed about this, pun intended.

*002*2013-05-16 23:50

Umm...the dream ends when she wakes up...

*005*2013-05-17 23:28

Oh, I see. I'm sorry. Yes the dream ends with her mother waking her up and the rest is real life.

