Vinyl Scratch (MLP) Story

Author: Captain L

*000*2014-12-09 23:33

This is an excerpt from a story I've written, specifically the first chapter. If you like what you read, check out the rest of the story here

###

The multi-colored flashing lights, bathing the audience in their glow and giving them a different hue. Everything in the room vibrating from the thumping bass line. Each member of the crowd singing along to the song being performed (some better than others, though with so many voices, it’s hard to tell). She was in her element, the one place she felt she fit like the correct puzzle piece.

Vinyl Scratch, more commonly known by the stage name DJ PON3, was a music mare. She never quite fit in as a young mare, when the schools she went to were strict and no-nonsense. She was often sent out of class for “disturbing the peace”, as her teachers always called it. She never understood it, the worst she did was pull out the heavy metal music and start headbanging. The other kids loved it!

Her home life wasn’t much better. Granted, her parents accepted her habits when she wasn’t breaking the rules, but they were always hoping what she was going through was just a phase. Of course, considering her natural neon blue hair, they should have known better. It’s just like what a young Vinyl used to say, “I march to the beat of a different drummer. But instead of a drummer, it’s a cool DJ with a nice, hot flank!” Her personality hadn’t changed much over the years.

So, once she was finally free, she pursued her dream of becoming somepony in the music business. It was all thanks to a barely-older-than-herself stallion, Neon Light, who saw the potential she possessed and the talent she could bring. The fact that she had sex with him probably helped, too.

Neon Light was a lot like Vinyl Scratch in a lot of ways. They both shared an affinity for the techno beats, both wore outrageously sized sunglasses, and both had odd manes. She had the weird color, his, while a normal black, was all spiky. He had previously talked about how cool it would be if he dyed it golden, but something always stopped him. Usually, it was Vinyl Scratch. Neon could be a wild card, and that’s what she loved about him.

Not in a romantic way, of course. Vinyl was never one for romance. Her preferred night involved taking home some stallion from a show and doing him, and that was the end of it. She was a mare with needs, and romance wasn’t one of them. Her relationship with Neon was a bit different, though. Being partners in music, the two of them often spent plenty of time with each other, making him the only stallion (not related to her) whose personality she knew. And if either required some action, it would be done. It was a glamorous partnership.

Neon Light was currently on stage, performing. The crowd was fully into his act, hopping, bobbing, and singing along. To any normal pony, the voices blended together into an incomprehensible mess. But Vinyl Scratch had enough experience to make a sound from the gibberish, and she could pretty clearly hear what was supposed to be singing.

Neon Light was enjoying the attention, as he usually did. He strutted across the stage, swirled his tail, and shook his head to the beat. He was having fun doing what he did best, and the ponies congregated before him agreed. But eventually, the song must end, and it did.

Neon took center stage. “Alright, you’ve been a tremendous crowd, and I’m disappointed to say that my half of the show is over. But, once we come back from a 15 minute break, you will all get to enjoy the pumping beats of my sexy partner, DJ PON3!”

The ponies cheered as the colorful lights faded, and normal ones came on. The crowd disbanded as the two DJs trotted into their backstage room.

The room could really only be described by one word: crap. But it had chairs, a light, and a decent lack of infestations. So it was enough. Neon flopped down in a decidedly uncomfortable chair while Vinyl reached into a cooler and grabbed a can.

Neon laughed. “Really, Vinyl? You’re having another one of those energy drinks? You drink enough of those, and you’re going to start glowing!”

Vinyl stopped drinking for a second, before tilting the can upwards as far as she could, chugging the drink down. Once it was gone, she removed the can from her lips and tossed into a trashcan. “Really? Do you think that’ll happen?”

He let out an exasperated sigh. “I was joking, Scratch. Even if it was possible to drink enough of those to create a glow, there’s no way it’s a smaller number than the lethal amount. Why do you even need to drink one at this point? You haven’t done anything in the show!”

“Hey, watching you perform is exhausting! And this place doesn’t have the best ventilation, either. All those jumping and whooping ponies really heat up the room.”

“I noticed. You were letting out a pretty good sweat.” Neon licked his lips.

Vinyl noticed, and walked to the door, playfully wiggling her butt. “Sorry, but not right now. It’s not a time limitation, I know you can finish in the intermission time we have left, but I still need to get set up. Don’t worry, though, I’m free after the show.” She walked out, back to the stage to make sure her equipment was properly set up.

Vinyl walked back onto the stage, where most of the crowd was still waiting. They cheered at her entrance, though it was much quieter than it would be if her act was actually starting. She trotted to her turntable, a few lights on the console glowing. Like any good musician, she set up the equipment before the show started, it just required a quick check to make sure it was all still functional.

A few sound checks, and everything seemed perfect. Vinyl stood before the ponies, back from the intermission, watching her. The normal lights dimmed to blackness, a loud cheer came from the crowd, and the true rave began.

Flashing lights, techno beats, ponies jumping and singing, this was where Vinyl Scratch belonged. Everything was going perfectly, exactly as she had always performed. Except for one annoying little detail: the growing pressure between her hind legs.

Vinyl knew exactly what it was. Inevitability. The guaranteed conclusion to the amount of liquids she had ingested earlier. It was those same liquids working their way out of her digestive system, where they awaited expulsion from her body. In layman’s terms, she had to pee. Badly.

This was something she had dealt with before. Music was her special talent, what she loved doing. It made sense that she would get so engrossed in it that she could ignore bodily functions. She had accidents more often than she would admit before. But those were all during practice or leisure. She had never encountered this problem in front of a crowd.

Vinyl was worried, not sure what she could do. She wasn’t stopping her performance for a bathroom break. Vinyl held no secrets when it came to those certain body parts, but this was something entirely different. There was no way she was telling ponies she didn’t know something so personal.

As much as she hated to admit it, she really only had one option: hold it. There was still an hour left in her show, and she wasn’t too confident in her abilities. But she could at least secretly cross her hind legs behind her turntable, and she was quite proud of her skill at faking things (don’t tell any of her sex partners that).

Much like Vinyl would do, Neon was out in the wings of the stage, watching his partner’s performance. From this vantage point, he could very clearly see Vinyl’s predicament, and he was conflicted. On one hoof, considering some of the things she had done to him in the past, leaving her out there seemed like some good retribution. On the other hoof, it didn’t mean it wasn’t a dick move. Then again, watching her struggle with her body, legs crossed, bouncing slightly, it got him feeling something between his hind legs as well. He wasn’t sure which option to take.

In the end, his nice side won out, and he trotted to the power supply for their equipment. Looking around to be sure he was unseen, he nonchalantely flipped the switch, stopping the music.

Vinyl, just as confused as the rest of the ponies, turned her head to the sides of the stage, where she saw Neon, making a calling motion with his hoof. She quickly trotted to him, where he whispered “You owe me.”

Vinyl silently thanked Neon, and ran off to the filly’s room. The venue had two sets of bathrooms, one for the crowd, and one backstage for performers. Vinyl chose the latter, and rushed in as quickly as she could. She was not prepared for what she found.

The filly’s room was dirty, appalling, disgusting. She could probably catch 100 different diseases just standing there. She was used to some filth, but this was too much. “Has this room ever been cleaned,” she questioned angrily. She would be one to demand a janitor head in, if more pressing matters weren’t making themselves more apparent. Her bladder was pressing harder against her, attempting to force its contents out. Vinyl responded by squeezing her legs tighter, bouncing on them, and immediately rushing to use the colt’s room instead.

It was no worse, but no better either. Vinyl cringed, both at the absolutely amazing mess, and the now-severe pains she was feeling. The idea of just giving up and using it was starting to seem appealing to her, but a quick look at the ceiling quickly changed that. Clinging to the tiles was a spider, one approximately the size of one of Vintl’s goggles (according to her, her perception wasn’t exact at that point). She wouldn’t admit it, but she always had a fear of large insects. Just the sight of the arachnid was enough to send her into a minor panic, but one bad enough to make her release some of her urine. Now in full panic, she rushed out to reassess her plan.

She didn’t dare examine the damage her leak caused, but against her white coat, it couldn’t be good. “You can handle this, you can handle this, don’t panic…” She frantically looked around for some other option. Her eye caught a door leading outside, and she seriously began to consider it. This late at night, what pony would be around to catch me? This sort of idea normally wouldn’t cross her mind, but desperation can do strange things to a pony. She was ready to take the door, until she noticed two words above it in glowing letters: emergency exit. Ignoring the obvious “emergency” pun, she knew that if she opened it, the alarms would go off, the crowd would exit the building, straight to where she would be relieving herself. Not the most ideal scenario.

Vinyl’s options were quite limited at this point. She could tell that she was approaching a complete loss of control by her next idea, using the cans she had being drinking from earlier. As hard as it was to disregard any plan at this point, she already knew from past experimentation that she could not aim that well. So that left one choice that wasn’t wetting herself, using the crowd bathrooms, any worry of ponies seeing her in this state long gone.

She passed by the stage, where Neon was attempting to entertain the crowd. Having heard his improv skills before, Vinyl felt sorry for the ponies. But that pity quickly turned to embarrassment when her entrance attracted the attention of every pony standing in the room, each seemingly enthralled by her desperation. All the focus on her, combined with her time simply running out, opened the floodgates. Her not-so-private parts became a faucet, releasing what would be a very long pee.

Vinyl was in such shock that she couldn’t control her emotions. One part of her was angry, both at herself for bringing this upon herself, and at the other ponies for still staring. Another part was just embarrassed that something like this was happening to a full-grown mare like herself, so much so that she felt her eyes tearing up. She used her magic to slowly remove her goggles so she could cry freely. Might as well let out any other type of liquid at this point.

After what seemed like 5 minutes, she felt her stream finally grow weak and stop. She opened her eyes, still crying, to see the ponies still watching her. It wasn’t everyday that they would see something like this. She looked to Neon, still on stage, hoping for some form of comfort. What she found was a stallion, staring at her in awe, mouth agape. Turning back to the crowd, she found all the stallions doing the same, any pegasi having their wings extended. She knew what this was, something she had induced in many a stallion before. Complete arousal.

Wiping away her tears, she smiled, knowing that she somehow succeeded at something. She sighed in relief, seeing as how she didn’t during her tinkle, and felt happy. Thank Celestia most of my fans are huge perverts.

*002*2014-12-14 00:41

{{: 

Oh hey, it's you! You do good work. I've been waiting for more of your stuff for a while, especially a continuation of The Omorashi Chronicles.

}}

Believe me, I'd like to get back to it, seeing as how it's my most popular story in terms of views. I just haven't had the time to write for any of my stories in the last semester of school. It's on my to-do list for the end of the year, but the Mega Man story I'm also working on takes precedence.

*003*2014-12-14 17:49

{{: 

I enjoyed it a lot and would like to read more. Sadly, Fim fiction isn't very screen reader friendly. Have you posted the full story to any other sites?

}}

I have not because FIMFiction is good for posting them, but I can link to a plain-text version of the story

, an HTML version

, and an ePub

. I think the links may update as the story does, but I can't be sure on that.

