Georgia's wet morning

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2011-12-22 23:41

Georgia flicked her long blonde hair back as she strolled into the school gates, proudly showing off her new designer handbag to passerby's. Georgia was a 14 year old girl with beautiful beach blonde hair. She had brown eyes and an amazing smile, which exposed her perfectly formed teeth. She ruffled her collar and pulled up her skirt as she walked into the Social Area to find her friends.

"Georgia!" her friend Shannon called to her. "Over here."

Georgia put her bag down by her locker and skipped over to Shannon. Suddenly, Dylan and his mates charged into the Social Area, mud covered across their already dirty clothes. Dylan had blonde hair, similar to Georgia's and had green/blue eyes.

"You should've seen us Shannon," Dylan said with a tone of humour.

"I'm sure I should've," Shannon replied, her voice littered with sarcasm.

"C'mon lads!"

Dylan and his gang charged back out the door and outside. Georgia looked through a window and saw them belly-flopping off grass banks, rolling in the filth that the recent rain had caused.

"They're idiots," Georgia exclaimed.

"I know, but it's kinda cute watching them."

"What? How can you think that's cute? I don't understand some people." Georgia's voice trailed off as the bell rang, signalling all the students to grab their stuff and go to their form registration, where after that, they spent the remaining half hour socialising.

After form registration, Georgia and the rest of her form group exited their form room and headed to their first lesson: Maths. Georgia was nearly at the door to the Maths room when she felt a small twitch in her bladder. She was quick to shake it off and entered the classroom.

"I want you to do the exercises on page 36 to 39. You should know what to do. If you have any questions, don't be afraid to ask."

The class opened their textbooks to the pages that the teacher had ordered them to.

"Fractions. I hate fractions," Georgia whispered to Shannon.

"Damn right. I'm pretty sure you speak for the whole class when you say that."

Georgia felt another twitch in her bladder, but ignored it. The thought of hard work managed to help her forget it. However, half-way through the lesson, Georgia felt more urine filling up in her bladder. She wasn't really desperate, so she decided she would go on the way to her next lesson. But ten minutes later, her bladder started to fill up even more. Georgia still decided that it was best to hold on. There was only twenty minutes left. Suddenly, Dylan let out a massive belch, causing the class to erupt in immature laughter, and a small dribble of urine to leak into Georgia's black panties. She quickly squeezed her crotch, trying hard not to let any urine escape, but no more came out. It just must've been the element of surprise that made her dribble a little bit.

"No homework tonight class," the Math teacher announced to the class, causing the class to be sweeped in relief. Georgia quickly packed up her books into her designer bag and ran out the classroom, dashing to the direction of the girls bathroom, only to be swept away by a swarm of seniors exiting a classroom.

"Shoot!" Georgia cursed under her breath. She then felt a warm sensation down in her panties. Realising that the knock must've caused her to pee a little bit, Georgia grabbed her crotch and attempted to run to the toilets.

"What are you doing?" Georgia's science teacher said. "You need to be in class now. Go!"

The teacher pushed her in the direction of the science lab. Georgia swore at the teacher under her breath and walked to the lab in a strange movement.

Georgia crossed her legs tightly, trying to hold back what felt like a flood. More urine spurted into her panties and then leaked down her leg. She then quickly threw her hand down her skirt and squeezed her panties as tightly as possible. She started to feel liquids around her panties. It didn't feel like she was peeing, so it must've been sweat from all the desperation.

"Ok, if I just position myself correctly, I might be able to get up and ask the teacher if I can use the loo."

Georgia was just about to stand up when a voice whispered "can you help me on question 5?"

It was Shannon.

"Erm, I'm stuck on that one too. I was just gonna go and ask the teacher now."

Georgia stood up, only for more pee to fire out of her urethra. She waddled over to the teacher's desk and asked in a hushed voice, "please can I use the loo?"

"No," the teacher replied, "this is revision for an important test. You can't miss any of it!"

"Fine," Georgia skulked back to her seat, not wondering if she could hold for much longer.

"Did she say anything?" Shannon asked.

"No, stupid cow, said we have to look it up in the textbook," Georgia lied.

"Crap."

Georgia had forgotten about her desperation until a long spurt of pee dribbled into her panties. She jammed her hand into her crotch in an attempt to get out of class dry. She made sure no-one was watching her as she used her spare hand to try and do her work, but she couldn't concentrate on her work, only on her bladder.

The sound of the bell was like heaven to Georgia. She leaped off her chair, only to notice a small puddle on her chair.

"Crap, I hope no-one notices that."

She sprinted out of the door and dashed through the hallways, hand in crotch.

"Yes, almost there!"

Georgia's heart skipped a beat when she saw the long line outside the toilets.

"Aah, what am I going to do? I can't wet myself. The school is massive, the next toilet will be at the other end of the school. I've only got one option."

Georgia darted outside, pee running down her legs. She ran onto the field and ducked behind a bush. Her bladder was aching so much now, she had to let it out. She let go of her crotch and quickly tried to pull her skirt down, but it was too late. Her pee started leaking out in spurts first, then in multiple dribbles, before finally forming a stream. It soaked her panties completely and started leaking down her skirt. The pee then started filling up in her black cotton panties and then leaking out onto the muddy field. Her skirt soon became an ocean of urine. Georgia was now in tears. How was she going to hide her wetness? Her question was the answered when it started to rain, soaking Georgia completely in a mix of both rain and urine. She then felt relaxed and started peeing again, causing the rain puddle underneath her to become diluted in yellow. She then quickly ran inside, trying to avoid getting even more wet than she already was.

*002*2012-01-19 23:04

{{: 

I guess everyone that saw her thought she was wet cause of the rain. Clever ^.^

}}

Hehe :)

