Laundry Day

Author: fullbladder

*000*2015-04-20 15:00

I was inspired to write a story of this nature by some negative feedback I received for one of my past stories. The reader didn't like the sexual ending to it. This one probably won't be his/her cup to tea, since it's full of sexual material (almost a love story first and a pee story second). However, I do think others might enjoy it but it is a bit on the long side and requires patience to read through. Please let me know what you think!

Emily pressed her thick legs together as she bit her lip to stifle another orgasmic shriek. Even when lost in her dreamy world of temporary bliss, she gravely feared the idea of the hot couple next door listening in on her sinful self-pleasure.

She flipped over to her stomach, still grinding her fingers furiously on her clitoris. Her eyes opened briefly as she located the lower edge of her pillow to bite down on, then shut again as she vividly fantasized the cute boy downstairs licking her. His fat cock would grow inside his pants until he finally made her cum and then she would return the sexual favor. Releasing his strained member from his boxers or briefs would be an absolute thrill for her in itself. She would then invite him into her mouth. His hot cum would eventually fill her oral cavity as he exploded and she would pull his cock out to feel his sweet nectar spray all over her face.

The vision was enough to push Emily over the edge. She screamed into her pillow as the powerful climaxing sensation overcame her and she shuddered helplessly in place for a few seconds. She collapsed into a flat position, still clutching her womanhood. She finally released the pillow from her fierce bite and rested the side of her head on it, breathing heavily. As she moved her hand away from her crotch, she felt the soft absorbent fabric of the towel beneath her, an unwelcome reminder of her embarrassing secret.

Sighing, she flipped to her back and dragged the towel up for inspection. As she feared, it was dripping wet and saturated with a familiar aroma. She shifted her feet around the bed to regrettably confirm that the wetness had spread well beyond the towel. She had once again made a huge mess all over her bed, squirting inadvertently as she touched herself to orgasm. It was a part of why she was still a virgin at age 22, though there were certainly a thousand other reasons too.

She stared up at the ceiling; the old greying color reminded her of a dull overcast morning, much like the hundreds she had spent walking to school during her childhood. She wanted to enjoy the final portion of her Saturday masturbation session, the denouement as an old English teacher might call it, before she gathered together her wet sheets and made her way to the laundry room downstairs. She hoped none of the building's other residents were planning along the same lines. She would hate to be questioned about her wet, smelly bedding. In any case, she would make sure her current surroundings were secluded well, beneath other clothes in her laundry basket.

Wet bedsheets were not a happy thought for Emily. She had always been a weak-bladdered girl, having night-time accidents until age ten. She was well-known as a pants wetter in elementary school until grade three. Even today, she was careful of not being caught with a full bladder. All the bullying and name-calling had left her as a socially awkward and shy outcast through her teen years. She was self-conscious about nearly everything- her chubby frame especially her big ass and legs, her round face, her slightly uneven breasts, her low-pitched voice. She couldn't even imagine the humiliation of squirting everywhere in the presence of a sexual partner.

Being raised in a traditional and conservative Chinese household, she had first learned about masturbation in sex-ed class at the age of 12. With some more research of her own on the internet, she discovered a temporary release from the social anxiety she felt on a daily basis. It was a means of escape and natural comfort in all environments. She touched herself in the bathroom stall at school almost every day. She used the water stream to pleasure herself in the shower. However, her bed ended up becoming strictly off limits. She had tried rubbing herself off a number of times prior to going to sleep, but had always ended up with a wet bed. In fact, she had thought she had peed in her sleep the first time she had done it. She had fallen asleep right after climaxing and awoken the next morning in a panic that she had wet her bed, over two years after kicking the habit. Despite her attempt to hide the evidence, her mom had quietly replaced her sheets after she had left for school.

Emily had discovered the cause of the initial "accident" a few nights later, when she happened to open her eyes while cumming to discover her pussy shooting out mighty spurts of clear fluid all over her bed. She had researched the topic on the internet, coming across some rather arousing pornography as well as articles and scientific studies. Despite all the online claims of guys loving a woman who squirts, Emily was still severely embarrassed at her predicament. Last week, she had come across a news article covering a recent research study which had found that fluid released during squirting was essentially urine. Learning this had not helped Emily's self esteem one bit.

Emily had finally moved away from her parents' home after completing her Arts degree and finding a job as a graphics designer for a marketing company. An investment in a waterproof mattress protector and several towels now allowed her to conveniently masturbate in her bed when she desired. It was still a real hassle having to wash everything so often, so she tried to limit how often she did it. She really didn't like leaving the bed soiled for too long; the smell really filled her little bedroom after a day or so.

Emily resisted the urge to drift back to sleep and arose to clean up. She stumbled naked to the bathroom, deciding to wipe off her lower body with a wet towel for now and shower after she dumped her laundry into the washing machine. A quick rinse of mouthwash got the stale morning breath smell out of her mouth and treated her with a cool minty taste. Forgoing the effort of putting on a fresh pair of panties, she pulled on a old pair of light grey yoga pants. She felt naughty and horny with the nylon fabric rubbing against her pussy.

She wondered if the outline of her vagina would show if she bent over. She admired the courage of her fit young yoga instructor who always wore skin-tight yoga pants in front of the class. Her camel-toe always showed, along with her perky nipples through those clingy white t-shirts with no bra underneath. Emily assumed she enjoyed the attention. She wasn't complaining though- the class had its fair share of handsome men who probably remained loyal because of the fine scenery.

Emily threw on a pink t-shirt and filled her laundry basket with the wet sheets and dirty clothes scattered all over bedroom floor. She took the elevator down and observed herself briefly in the mirrored wall behind her. Her jet black hair was tied back in a ponytail but still scattered messily around her face. A bit of eyeliner still showed around the inner corners of her oriental eyes, having survived the rushed face washing last night. She certainly didn't look her best, but it was okay. Running into another tenant in the laundry room was not a strong possibility. In her three months living at the four storey condo, she had only found company down there once. That was on a weekday evening, but the laundry room was a whole different ball game on weekend mornings. In fact, the entire building was eerily silent- not much activity of any sort could be heard.

Emily regretted her appearance the moment the elevator door opened. The cute boy from second floor was waiting for his washing machine cycle to finish. Emily considered setting down her laundry basket at her feet and pushing the third floor button to head right back to her room, but the young man had already turned around to notice her. "Hi", he said with a big welcoming smile. Emily met his gaze for a few seconds and mumbled a shy "Hi" in return. She looked around for somewhere to set her laundry down away from him; she didn't want him to smell her female ejaculate. Unfortunately, the laundry room was small, with only one washing machine and dryer. To Emily's dismay, he followed her to the far end of the room to introduce himself.

"Hi, I'm Milan. Sorry about hogging the machine- the washing part will be all done in about five minutes."

Emily was taken by surprise by his confidence. She had run into him twice before, in the elevator after work. He was well dressed, in a black suit with a briefcase. She had wondered which profession he was in. The mystery around him was definitely a big part of her fantasy. Maybe he was a successful lawyer. Or perhaps he worked in a large firm downtown. Was he single? Part of her wanted to know the answer to that last question so desperately, but a bigger part of her accepted that she would never be able to ask him. She wished she could at least talk to him, for a start. Well, this was her chance. He had never really started a conversation with her before, just a quick greeting with a smile and a "Have a good one" as he exited the elevator.

Emily accepted his handshake and forced herself to look in his eyes, despite her introvert urges to look past him at the old, rattling washing machine. His hand was a bit rougher than she expected and he had a strong grip. "N-no problem, I'm Emily." She realized then that his warm smile and gaze into her eyes had never departed from his face. He was definitely expecting her to continue the conversation. "So... you... doing laundry?"

Emily's face burned red as the last word left her mouth. Such a retarded question! Why couldn't she think of something smarter to say? UGH!

Milan giggled, "Yeah, I try to get my laundry done on Friday night so I can enjoy my weekend, but I got stuck with a big project at work... so here I am! You look like you have a giant load to get through also!" He gestured at her basket and giggled again.

Emily forced herself to smile and chuckle back, trying to bury the embarrassment she felt over both her stupid question and the wet contents of her basket. "What do you do?"

"I'm a Market Research Analyst for ebay. I basically look at the purchasing and surfing habits.. or trends.. probably a better way to put it... of online shoppers and analyze ways to better sell to them. Not the most glamorous job, but it's interesting to me." He shrugged, as if he knew the job seemed boring to her. "What about you?"

"I'm a graphics designer- I design posters, flyers, online ads, basically everything. Your job sounds really interesting, by the way." Emily blushed slightly, hoping her attraction for him wasn't too obvious. At least her conversation skills were not as lame anymore. He really was handsome, with hazelnut brown eyes, dark brown hair, and a tall muscular build. He had a deep voice, with a hint of European accent which Emily couldn't identify exactly. She wondered if he was an immigrant or a product of relocated parents, as she was. Today, he was casually dressed in jeans, a University of Michigan sweatshirt, and leather sandals. The scene seemed a little out of place, with all of her fantasies starting with him dressed up in formal attire and then stripping down from there.

Milan seemed encouraged by her interest and started going into detail about some of the work he had done recently. Emily nodded politely and laughed at the appropriate moments. She noticed his eyes wander briefly down to her chest and realized in horror that her nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric; she wasn't wearing a bra! She casually crossed her arms over her breasts to try to shield the sight from his view. Milan's excited chatter was interrupted by the washing machine behind him coming to an abrupt halt.

He excused himself and quickly shifted his laundry to the dryer, gesturing for Emily to go ahead and use the washer. Emily hesitated, not wishing to handle her wet bedding in front of him, but decided he would be none the wiser if she did it quickly. She dumped her load in with a swift upheaval of the basket and quickly shut the door. She could feel his eyes admiring her bosom again as she worked. She strangely felt sexually charged at being admired in a vulnerable state.

He waited until she turned back to him before speaking again. "Emily, what would you say to a quick brunch with me while we wait for the laundry?"

Emily was surprised at the direct invitation. She had never been on a date before and here was her crush asking her to step out with him in her yoga pants and tight t-shirt revealing her tits to the world! "Um.. sure, but do you think I could run upstairs and grab my coat first?"

Emily saw him give a long parting glance at her boobs on display before replying. "Yes, of course. I'll meet you in the lobby."

Emily smiled at him and rushed into the elevator with the intention of quickly pulling on underwear. She changed her mind as she ripped off her t-shirt. Milan was clearly enjoying the naughty show she was giving him. Why was she being so uptight? Screw the bra and panties! She replaced her t-shirt and threw on a light coat, already planning to take it off as soon as she got to the restaurant.

The walk ended up being slower and longer than Emily expected, which was completely fine by her. They walked towards the south end of the city, ending up in the oldest and most historic area from which the city of Surrey had grown. Milan seemed to be the natural talker, so she felt comfortable with not being pressured to talk too much. Even with her limited input, she could feel the chemistry between them as the chat moved seamlessly from their current lives to their past and future ambitions.

Twenty minutes later, they finally reached the tiny pub, which Milan described as his favorite place in town. The soft classical music in the background was the perfect "spice" to the hardwood floors, tables, and chairs which composed the ancient but well-kept establishment. The place was empty, with the exception of the bartender and a middle-aged couple seated in a corner to the right of the bar. Milan led the way to a table for two on the other side of the bar.

Prior to sitting down, Emily removed her jacket and caught a brief look of surprise in Milan's eyes. As she had assumed, he had been fully expecting her to put on a bra when she had the opportunity. This time, Emily made no attempt to shield her 32B breasts from his view, even though she felt slightly uncomfortable whenever he casually glanced down at them. She had to feign confidence even though she was sorely lacking it. She hoped she wasn't coming across as too slutty. The waitress brought over the breakfast menus and asked if they wanted to start with something to drink. To Emily's surprise, Milan requested a pitcher of the pub's specialty draught beer.

"I'm sorry, Emily. I know it's early, but I have got to get you to try some of this beer they brew up in Minnesota- it's absolutely incredible!"

Emily happily nodded her head, hoping the beer would help calm her nerves a little. She had never been in love but this feeling fit everything she had ever read about the feeling, with a warm excitement filling her from head to toe and butterflies fluttering in her stomach. Gosh, Milan was so amazing. She could just listen to him talk endlessly.

The beer was delicious, as Milan had promised. The food took a while to arrive, so they had their glasses nearly emptied when the waitress came around again. Thinking quickly, Milan emptied the pitcher into the two glasses and ordered another. Emily wasn't objecting- the alcohol was helping her become more talkative. As an added benefit, the tone of the dialogue was evolving towards more liveliness and flirting. She didn't drink too often, so she felt pretty buzzed even before they started on the second pitcher. The two of them sat there long after the food was gone, sipping away. Things were progressing pleasantly quickly, with lots of back and forth touching between jokes, even a few playful kicks exchanged under the table. Emily was taken back by her own confidence, but the beer and love fueled haze had extinguished her inhibitions.

As they finished drinking the second pitcher, nearly two hours after arriving at the pub, Milan finally called for the bill. Despite Emily's protests, he paid for the both of them as a true gentleman. Emily got up first to give him ample opportunity to see her nipples one last time before she bundled up again. As she zipped up, she realized that she needed to pee, and quite badly at that. All the joking and flirting had kept her mind off her steadily growing need until she had stood up. The act seemed to enhance her bladder's fullness to a very noticeable level. She opened her mouth to tell Milan she was going to pay a quick visit to the ladies, but saw that he was already up and ready to leave. She hesitated, not wanting to make him wait for her especially now that he was out of his seat.

It wasn't a long way home- she could definitely hold it until she got back to her condo. She was probably just being her usual overly precautious self. She quickly started walking with Milan out of the pub and they were on their way home. Five minutes into the walk, Emily's need for the toilet had seemed to multiply significantly. The beer was filling her bladder at a rapid rate and she had grown quieter in her verbal exchanges with Milan, as more of her attention went to her growing predicament. He seemed to sense the change in her and remained silent for a minute as well.

"Is everything okay?" he finally asked after some careful deliberation. Emily could tell that he was perplexed by her sudden withdrawn attitude.

"Well.. it's just that.." She debated internally about telling him that she needed to pee. Despite her drunk state, she was still shy about such matters. Oh screw it- telling him the truth was better than leading him to think she was bored by him. "I really need to pee. I should have gone at the pub, but I just didn't want to make you wait for me."

Milan giggled. God, that little laugh of his was just adorable. It was almost hard to believe it came from a tall, well-built man. "Oh, that would have been no problem at all! Let's find you a washroom, shall we?" He immediately scanned the area to identify a possible gas station or restaurant.

Emily blushed in slight humiliation at the sight of her date seeking out a toilet for her. They were already halfway home! She was not a little girl! She could absolutely hold her pee for ten more minutes until she got to her own washroom. She should not have brought up the topic at all. "No, no! It's quite alright- I'm fine! I was just a bit distracted that's all. I'll go when I get home."

Emily blushed again. Talking about her personal needs to the man of her dreams was really embarrassing. If only she had just excused herself back at the pub! All of this embarrassing dialogue could have been avoided!

"Alright then." Milan seemed to detect her discomfort in the topic and decided not to push further. Emily could see that he thought it was no big deal to stop for a pee break, but was glad he decided not to argue the point. Her stubbornness was definitely irrational- she knew it. She just couldn't admit to him that she needed to go as badly as she did. It was getting increasingly painful to walk as her bladder sent warning signs to her brain. They walked past an open-door cafe and Emily saw Milan hesitate as if he was about to suggest that she use the ladies room inside. He glanced over at her as she sternly avoided eye contact and kept walking, successfully conveying that he shouldn't bring up the pee topic again. Emily wondered if he could detect how badly she needed relief by her body language. Only five minutes from home- soon enough she would be able to pee.

Emily's pace slowed as she felt the weight of her bladder exerting pressure on her pussy. She was dangerously full and needed to pee so desperately. She was surprised by how quickly her bladder had filled up since they had left the pub. It must be a combination of the alcohol's diuretic effect and the walk getting her kidneys working faster. Milan politely slowed down to match her pace.

"He deserves better than a little fat-assed girl like me." Emily thought to herself as she hobbled along. A strong spasm from her bladder made her halt in her tracks and bend over. She almost reached into her crotch to reduce some of the pressure, but caught herself in time. She definitely did NOT want to hold her pussy in front of Milan. She looked up in humiliation to find Milan standing and waiting for her to start walking again, watching her as she struggled to maintain control of her own bladder. She quickly straightened up and marched forward. They were only a minute or two from home. She could do this.

The sight of the building somehow made it even harder to hold it. She tried to discreetly push on her vagina as she walked towards the building, but Milan noticed the hand movement and glanced at her crotch. Blushing again, she quickly let go, almost leaking into her form-fitting yoga pants in the process. She remembered that she wasn't wearing panties so even the tiniest spurt would show on the light grey cloth. As Milan unlocked the door, she had no choice but to clutch herself to prevent an accident.

The elevator door opened in front of them and two young women stepped out, immediately bursting into laughter at the sight of Emily on the verge of wetting herself. She desperately bounced in place pressing her thighs together and cautiously moving her hands away from her most intimate region. She was so, so close to losing control. Just a few more moments before she could relieve herself in her toilet. She had come too far to lose the battle now. She deliberately wobbled towards the elevator door which was patiently being held open by Milan.

"I-I'm sorry about this. You must think I'm such a baby." Emily sobbed as she spoke, nearly in tears from the excruciating pain of holding in her pee and the humiliation she felt. She shoved her hands in her crotch again as the elevator lurched upwards. She felt a few drops escape her tortured pee-hole and she gritted her teeth together to squeeze harder.

"It's fine, Emily- happens to the best of us. Don't worry- you're almost home. I had a great date with you- thanks for everything." To her surprise, he bowed down to meet her hunched over posture and planted a quick kiss on her lips. Surprised by the act, Emily felt herself leak again. A wet warmness covered her fingers. "Great," she thought to herself, "My first kiss and I'm wetting my pants like a little girl."

The elevator finally lurched to a stop at the third floor. The ten second ride had felt like five minutes in her helplessly desperate state. They waited for the doors to open but nothing happened.

"What the FUCK?" yelled Emily. She had been banking on getting into her bathroom in about ten seconds and now the goddamn elevator was stuck! She pounded her fist helplessly on the white doors, crying. Acting lady-like in front of Milan was now the last thing on her mind- she just wanted to get to her toilet and PEE! She was about to completely disgrace herself and it was all because of a stuck elevator! Milan put his arm around her and tried to comfort her until she finally stopped banging on the door and the crying subsided to a quiet sob. He pulled out his cell phone and called the building manager to report the incident.

Emily squirmed helplessly as another squirt evaded her. Her fingers were digging deep into her vulva through the thin fabric and she once again felt the warmth on her hand. This time, her pee flowed down to her palm. She clenched her fingers tight together to prevent dripping down to the tiled floor below. All of her concentration was allocated to not urinating in her pants somehow. It was a losing battle and she knew it. Why the hell had she not peed at the pub? Why didn't she ask Milan to wait for a couple minutes at the cafe? Why was she so stupid? She somehow never heard a single word of Milan's thirty second phone to the building manager. He hung up the phone to update her on the situation. It was grave news.

"Hey Emily, um...the building manager is not at home at the moment but he's rushing back to try to reset the elevator from the electric breaker downstairs. He understands it's an emergency so he will try to get here in about ten minutes."

Ten minutes! There was no way on God's green earth she would ever be able to hold on that long! Why, oh why, had she not gone at the fucking pub? The same regret was returning to her thoughts over and over, each time more frustrating than the last. She began bawling all over again, shifting desperately in place to prevent another squirt. Milan seemed unsure about how to handle the situation. Here was a smoking hot curvy woman in an elevator alone with him slowly but surely wetting her pants, in a state of embarrassment and despair. If only he could do something to help her!

Emily leaked again, this time just barely regaining control. Her eyes widened in panic as her pants darkened from wetness flowing beyond her iron grip down her right inner thigh. She took a glimpse at the mirror behind and her and confirmed that her ass was soaked. Milan would surely see that, if he hadn't already. She wondered what the point of even trying to hold on any longer was. Her pants were already wet and there was an eternity to wait before the elevator opened. There was no way she would make it that long. Her bladder was already filled well beyond capacity. It was literally a ticking time bomb.

Yet another squirt escaped her strained pussy and Emily finally surrendered the battle. She was too tired, too hopeless, too desperate to hold on a second longer. Her pee flowed violently through her fingers, rapidly enveloping her tights in a shameful darkness. The loud splattering sound of her pee hitting the floor filled the elevator. Emily finally dropped her hand from her crotch and sighed with relief as pee continued to cascade out of her. She stared down at her crotch almost in disbelief as the stream formed a growing light yellow puddle at her feet. The warmth running down her legs felt strangely pleasant, but nothing compared to the epic relief of finally letting go after holding for way too long. Her bladder pulsed inside of her as it emptied leisurely, steadily returning to its unstretched state. She could smell a hint of alcohol in the pee aroma filling the elevator. She finally finished peeing, standing frozen in place until the final drops hit the floor.

The silence in the elevator seemed to last an eternity as Emily continued staring down at her feet, not so much in disbelief anymore but in deep shame. She couldn't believe she had just wet herself! And in the presence of her first date, first kiss, first everything pretty much. She wanted to die. Any form of violent, painful death would be a welcome exchange for the humiliation she felt at that moment. She finally found the courage to sneak a peek at Milan from the corner of her eye. He had his eyes glued on her wet butt, but a look of intrigue, not disgust covered his face. She also noticed that he was standing quite awkwardly, shifting from foot to foot. With all her focus on her own need, she had missed his obvious pee dancing. He had not visited the toilets for the duration of their date either.

"I'm sorry, Milan," sobbed Emily. "I really had to go and I just couldn't hold it anymore!"

Milan continued to stand in his corner in silence. The look of panic on his face suddenly intensified as he grabbed his crotch, dancing desperately on the spot. Emily felt sympathy for him despite her own state. Luckily she was in a better position to help than he had been. It was still an embarrassing solution to present to him, especially in peed pants. However, it was the least that she could do considering he was also on the verge of wetting himself.

"U- Um... Milan... Why don't you just p-pee here since it's all wet anyway? I promise I won't look."

Milan looked around and realized she was right. No one would be able to tell that he had peed on the floor since Emily's accident had wet the entire elevator floor. He turned to the corner and unzipped himself with shaking hands, and not a moment too soon. He immediately peed a powerful stream, trying his best to hit only the floor at his feet and not the mirror in front of him. Emily turned away and shut her eyes, as she had promised.

Suddenly, the elevator lurched. Anticipating that the door was about to open, Milan tried to stop peeing mid-stream. He was just barely able to stop, zip up, and turn around as the door opened. There was no one outside. Emily could tell from his desperate squirming that he would helplessly start peeing at any moment. There was no way he would be able to stay dry until he got to his own room. She grabbed his hand and rushed him down the hall to her unit. He had a firm grip on his crotch, as he tried desperately not to spurt in his jeans. As Emily unlocked the door and directed him to the toilet, he started losing control. He just made it into her shower before his pee flowed through his jeans and right through his sandals. Emily walked into the open washroom to find him still peeing himself as he stared at her in shame.

"Sorry, I guess I had to go really bad as well and letting some go in the elevator made it that much worse. I been needing to go since back at the pub- was actually hoping you would ask to stop on the walk home so I could pee too."

Emily was oddly turned on by the sight of the attractive man in wet jeans in her shower. A force beyond her timid self seemed to take over as she compulsively made her way over to him to touch the wet denim fabric. She ran her fingertips lightly up his leg until she reached his groin. That was where the pee had originated from- his cock. It was quite exciting, in a sense. He had lost control of his manhood and pissed himself. It somehow negated her own accident. Because they had both seen each other wet themselves, there was no reason to be embarrassed or judge the other.

Emily's light touch was enough to produce a raging erection in Milan's wet briefs. He pulled her into the shower and turned the water on, wetting their clothes further. He pulled down her tight pants, surprised to find her naked underneath. He gripped her large, wet buttocks finally giving into the animal instinct he had experienced all morning. Emily moaned as his manly hands overpowered her and dragged her face-wards into the shower wall. He undid his pants as Emily ripped off her shirt so he could caress her breasts as he fucked her from behind. She screamed with pleasure, not caring what her neighbors heard.

All three sets of Emily's bed linens needed washing by the time Milan left her condo on Monday morning.

*002*2015-04-20 16:18

{{:

OMG, this was absolutely wonderful! And without the weak bladder thing and apartment condo and handsome guy and the Chinese racial thing, I can relate to this in two ways. Thank you so much for writing this piece of exquisite artwork. You have a talent for writing and whoever gave you negative feedback for it being a love story first and pee story second...well, I think they need to get their priorities straight. This was absolutely wonderful.

However...I must critique one thing. Female ejaculate is not urine...not 99.95% of the time anyway.

}}

Haha- thanks for that. I don't really know for sure either.. just read this article a while back though:

%http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/seriouslyscience/2015/01/12/proof-female-ejaculation-just-pee/#.VTUmaCHBzGc

*008*2015-05-08 05:10

{{:

Loved this one. Absolutely awesome.

...Just one thing...

The story comments on her thick legs and she calls herself a fat-ass. 32B is not an uncommon size for Chinese women but simultaneously having a fat ass would be unlikely. She'd have a hell of a time shopping for clothes, at any rate. Size XS or US size 2 is typically designed around 32B. Sorry for getting weirdo expert on you. The girl who taught me about bra sizes had a 32B chest :D

But regardless, super hot, amazing story. Two thumbs up.

}}

Haha thanks for the feedback- I kind of based this angle on my experience with traditional Chinese views where the "slim" look is highly regarded so small breasts (I don't really view 32B as too small- still very hot) are not frowned upon so much, but girls are way more concerned about thicker thighs and butts even though they might be the norm for white girls. Personally, I adore an Asian with curves especially a fine ass :D

*011*2015-05-14 12:08

Thanks everyone for the great feedback- you all are amazing! I can't stress enough how good it feels to have your work appreciated!

I have something that I'd like to run by you (was debating if I should ask this in the requests thread or here, but it seemed a little out of place in requests)....

When writing this particular story (and reading some Stephen King lol), I realized that I enjoy working on longer projects. So, I decided to try something completely different- a short novel of sorts. I have been writing a longer story with chapters between ~1500 and 2500 words each and am currently on the fifth segment. As you might expect, there is a lot more emphasis on character development and finer details with something like this, so not all the chapters have pee-related stuff in them. I figure it might end up being 30,000 words or more before it's finished.

My question to you is if you would prefer me to start posting this project now or all at once when it's finished. I am not sure how often I'll be working on it, but currently have been writing quite frequently. Please let me know and thanks again :)

*013*2015-05-18 04:31

{{:

I think you should start it now. It will be a bit long for me if I see it all at once and that way you can do cliffhangers, ask members to vote on the course of the next chapter and also I'll have something to look forwards to on the weekend.

}}

Thanks for the response, Shine!

Sorry, I didn't see it sooner- been busy the last few days. Actually, my story is almost all done- should definitely have it finished tomorrow or the day after then I'll post it. I'll definitely do an interactive story in the near future like you suggested :)

