Everybody Loves Raymond FanFic #1

Author: Brenman

*000*2021-11-27 12:34

This was a piece that I wrote on commission. An Everybody Loves Raymond (the sitcom) Fanfiction request. One of 2 requested by the individual. Enjoy. Also, know that I WILL WRITE ON COMMISSION! $ HIT ME UP!

Debra Baron, try as hard as she might, just couldn’t seem to sift and filter and parse through the complex emotions that were running through her body. She trounced around in her bedroom in nervous circles unable to decide he sartorial makeup for the evening. Should she wear blue jeans and a green sweater, or nice red summery dress? Khakis and and a blue blouse? For reasons which she didn’t care to analyze too closely, Debra had always leaned away from the skirts and dresses and preferred to wear pants, something seemingly too “girlish” about wearing a garment with a hemline, something which would objectify and showcase her mom-legs, firm and sexy as Debra’s were, she never felt appropriate at her age, showing her legs, particularly as her son’s friends were often at the house and had reached an age where they’d be routinely caught with their eyes glued to Debra’s rear end when she’d bend over to iron a shirt, or retrieve ice from the lower section of the refrigerator.

Today was different however, for when Debra wold normally have ignored and avoided all reflective surfaces in her own home, today, as her gorgeous derriere jiggled in the mirror as she spun round in confused circles searching for the right clothing, her pert, milfy, mom-butt caught her gaze, and Debra took in for a long moment her hard earned physique in the mirror. She had a gorgeous head of red hair, beautifully sultry looking makeup, nice round breasts that jiggled in her bra when she bounced up and down momentarily on her toes, and a slim stomach outlined in her (panties).

Debra dared herself to spin round for a moment, so that she could ogle her own butt in the mirror briefly. She did, and boy did she have a gorgeous ass. Debra’s frequent squatting and bending from performing her typical, and typically overlooked by Ray, household chores had resulted in a firm, round behind characteristic of all of the hardworking women her age, who while physically active, still had a bit of that mom-dough on her rear end and her thick strong thighs from carrying babies. Still, sexy as Debra Baron was, this was her usual body, so why did she feel so…mixed up today? Why was she so extra-attentive to her physique on this afternoon in particular?

The answer was actually quite simple, but whether in an attempt to avoid the impending flood of emotion, or as some deeper, darker act of denial to herself, Debra refused to directly acknowledge the reason for her flighty emotions and her unquenchable sense of auto-erotic arousal, that is, until she descended the stairs finally, having donned khakis and her tight green sweater, and was met face to face with her lovely sister Jennifer. It was all in the family.

A word on Jennifer. Jennifer was Debra’s sister and was visiting to inform the Barons of her vocational decision. Jennifer was going to join a convent to be a nun, and admirable as this may have seemed for anyone else, Debra simply could not abide by the idea that her beautiful sister was going to leave her for good to live a saintly life of nun hood and…celibacy. Debra had never considered herself to be a lesbian, and in fact couldn’t even quantify the number of Earth-shattering orgasms she’d rocked herself to while being impaled by Ray’s ramrod-hard cock over the years, but something about the shared blood spilled Debra’s desires over into the domain of the taboo, and fetishistic too. Jennifer was taller than Debra, she was thinner, she had more overtly feminine features and mannerisms, and she had a cheerleader’s body, that even for her age, rivaled Debra’s thick stocky figure for hottest-milf-in-the-neighborhood.

Jennifer couldn’t help but notice when her sister’s husbands brother Robert had drank in her figure from head to toe the first time he’d seen her again since she’d been visiting, his eyes lingering on her pert boobs being tightly encased and showed off in her tight, pink, pastel sweater. Debra was as turned on as anyone by her beautiful sister, with her mane of curly golden ringlets of hair, her beatific smile, her slime waistline, her toned thighs, her smooth calves, her flawless feet and toes. Debra wanted to fuck her sister, and though she could never bring herself to tell Jennifer this directly, Debra, with nothing left to lose now, decided that once and for all she was at least going to make the first move towards informing her sister of just how much love, and lust, she felt for her, in a last desperate attempt to convince her not to join the convent.

“Jennifer.” Debra said, looking her sister’s pert body up and down, forcing her gaze to remain locked on her sisters eyes for long enough not to second guess her request as she asked,

“You can’t go. You can’t. Jennifer I love you.”

Jennifer stood speechless for a moment, looking utterly confused at Debra’s words. Finally she asked,

“I beg your pardon.” as she stared up at Debra, making no move to slow her descent down the stairs.

“I don’t want you to go Jennifer. You’re all I have. I love you, I’ve always loved you. Yes, I’m married, I have children, that’s how this society works, that’s how the world works, man meets woman puts ring on finger joins bank accounts buys house collects equity retires raises kids!” Debra shouted without allowing herself to breathe. She needed to get this out. “But I love you!” she said, emphasizing the word love.

Jennifer’s lower lip quivered. She too now was confused emotionally and didn’t know how to react to her sister’s proclamation of love.

“Debra I’ve never had the husband, the kids, the house, the retirement, all of this” she motioned around to the living room with her arms, “and I just, I love the lord. Well you were raised Catholic too, but it’s just, look I love all of you too, but I - I have to go and do this.” she said. “And anyway, what do you mean by love? And how does Ray fit into all this anyway?” Jennifer asked Debra.

“Do you see Ray anywhere around here?” Debra asked, she too now motioning around the living room with her arms. Ray’s face was on the walls with that big dorky smile in family photographs adorning the room 360, but Ray, and the children, in their corporeal form were miles away at the boys’ little league practice. “And love? What do I mean by love? Jennifer…”

And with this, without any hesitation, Debra stepped right up to her sister and reached with her left hand behind her sister’s lithe back and clung her sweater behind her, while with her right hand, Debra slid her fingers between her sister’s slim waist and her pants, and panties as she kept her gaze locked on her sisters. Jennifer at first reacted with shock, not knowing what to do in the surprise circumstances, but a split-second later, Debra was rubbing Jennifer’s clitoris with her big finger, instantly producing moisture from Jennifer’s pussy as her eyes went weak with arousal, and in spite of herself, her mouth let out a “ohhh” of pleasure, feeling sexual stimulation for the first time in months.

“Yeah” Debra said quietly as she continued to rub her sisters clit, her finger growing wetter and wetter with Jennifer’s juices, producing a swelling feeling of arousal in her own crotch. Debra quickly pulled her hand from her sister’s pants, sticking her fingers in her mouth, taking a moment to taste the residue of Jennifer’s pussy, but using her mouth primarily to wet her fingers even more as she then plunged her hand down to Jennifer’s womanhood again, as she located Jennifer’s most sensitive nodule of femininity with her big finger and again began to rub voraciously.

Debra, meanwhile, couldn’t help but step from foot to foot, as her own body was quickly growing with insatiable arousal and the deep, yearning need to rub her own little clitoris and get some sexual gratification too. Debra desperately wanted to rub herself, but she had to resist long enough to get her challenge out to her sister while she was spellbound in a state of arousal. Debra could feel her sisters body trembling with sexual arousal in her left hand as she caressed her back through her sweater.

“Now you listen to me, Jennifer.” Debra stared with demonic focus into her sisters eyes, her sister gyrating and writhing like a little girl as her pussy consistently grew wetter and wetter, soaking Debra’s entire hand now. “I love you. I want you going nowhere. I need you in a way that I don’t need Ray, because Ray cant do it for me like you. We love you here, and you’re going to stay.” Jennifer nodded, but couldn’t speak regardless. It wasn’t fair, Debra was using her hand and sexual arousal to fog out any thoughts of dissent in Jennifer’s mind. It just wasn’t fair, Jennifer hadn't had any sexual gratification in months and months now, and was desperate for some sexual tension relief after such a long dry spell, and this was her sister, someone, that while perhaps inappropriately, was close, and could be trusted.

Jennifer didn’t know what to say, but instead just reached down and prodded Debra’s hand into her womanhood with greater pressure, her lips letting out a simple, but desperate and strained sounding, “Debra, please, it’s been so long.” her voice quivering and drifting away on the word “long”, sounding almost as if she were singing, Her body started to tremble and tighten up in contractions, but Debra was smart enough not to let her sister cum and come back to her senses just yet. She yanked her hand rapidly from her sisters pants before Jennifer could reach a so desperately needed climax.

“Ah ah ah!” Debra said with real tone in her voice. “No cumming. You don’t get to cum yet.” Debra said, waving her hand in the air high above her head. Jennifer reached in the air for her sisters hand, uttering a whimpered, “please. please.” her voice shaking, her eyes welling up with tears in arousal, her orgasm was so close, why couldn’t Debra just let her cum and get it out of her system before Ray and the boys showed up and she’d be forced to prolong her masturbation til she was alone in bed in the evening, and what if the arousal left her body by then?

Men had it so easy, they could just jerk off whenever, wherever, for girls it was so much more difficult, and this was partly why Jennifer had decided to become a nun, being unmarried at her age. But right now, she just needed to cum! Why couldn’t Debra just be nice and finish her off?! Jennifer couldn’t wait, and shoved her own hand down her pants. But Debra was adamant, and quickly pulled her sisters hand back into the open air, her sister whimpering and curtsying at being denied the ability to touch herself, her voraciously wet pussy, aflame with arousal…

“No, Jennifer. No cumming, no touching, and….” Debra got close to her sister, their faces inches apart, “No peeing.”

“What?” Jennifer asked.

“That’s right, no peeing. We’ll make this fair and we’ll make it fun. You and I are going to have a pee holding contest and if I win, Jennifer…” here Debra stuck her hand down her sisters pants, was astonished at the wetness of her sisters panties, found her little clit, and again went hard at work to stimulate her sister and keep her hypnotized, in a position unable to say no. “…well then you have to stay here and live nearby and pay visits and not become a goddamn nun, for Christ sake. Do we have an agreement?” Debra searched Jennifers’s turned on eyes for consent. But Jennifer couldn’t think straight, she just needed an orgasm then maybe she could think clearly again, but she was so turned on that she was actually doing all she could to drive her pelvis forcefully against her sisters prodding, so as to get maximum pressure from Debra’s fingers. She was so close to cumming. She just needed another twenty seconds to push herself over the edge…

“Do we have an agreement?” Debra asked again with greater urgency. Jennifer couldn’t think. Her body trembling, her voice quivering, sounding like she was crying she let out, “Please, I need to cum…”

“No! No cumming Jennifer!” Debra whipped out her hand again. “Do we have an agreement or not?!” Debra demanded.

“Uhhhh!” Jennifer whimpered at her orgasm being denied again. “Yes! yes yes yes okay, now please….” Jennifer begged as she reached out and grabbed Debra’s hand, attempting to pull it back down to her womanhood.

“Ah ah ah. First we get changed. This way. Now.” Debra said as she quickly stepped past her and ascended the stairs, turning back to be sure Jennifer was following her.

Debra and Jennifer stepped into Debra and Ray’s bedroom. Jennifer looked around, a sight she was unfamiliar with, the lovemaking quarters of along-married couple. Still, the bed was perfectly made and had the pristine, almost magazine-photo look of a bedroom that was more of a movie set, or TV set, of a happily married couple, and the bed definitely seemed as though it lacked action, or maybe it was just her sex-starved mind and body that lacked action, a sentiment, a bodily reality, that bled into her thinking.

“Here, we’re gonna wear these, to make it more interesting.” Debra was saying, as before Jennifer knew it, her sister held up two pairs of black little shorts, runner’s shorts of a black lycra-like material with white stripes running down the sides. “This is way if you pee, sorry, if we pee, cause it might be me too, then at least you wont be soaking your own pants, I’ve provided some for you. Now here you go, come on, change, the boys’ll be here soon.” Debra said, shoving the shorts into Jennifer’s still quivering hands. The bed laid out enticingly just beside them, Jennifer longed to just plunge forward onto the bed and have her sister follow behind her and just fuck the living daylight out of her with her hands while they made out on the bed.

Jennifer wanted to think wholesome thoughts, she wanted to think Holy thoughts of the Lord, and of the convent that she was soon to join, but her brain chemistry had been thoroughly and frustratingly shaken up and spun out of balance by her sister’s sexual come-on just several minutes ago now. She still felt aroused. She still hungered for an orgasm. Couldn’t she and Debra just but the crap and help each other get off before the men got back home? Still, she couldn’t bring herself to say anything too argumentative to Debra as she watched her sister step out of the pants that were around her ankles and bring her little black shorts up around her waist. These shorts were ridiculously short of Debra, and clung to her butt with scandalous tightness and detail. The round outline of Debra’s pert ass stood out with mouthwatering detail against the brightly lit tile floor of the master bathroom just beyond her. Jennifer looked from Debra’s shorts to the similar pair of shorts in her own hands.

“These are so small, Debra. Surely we’re not gonna wear these to dinner?” Jennifer said, not even fully understanding why they were going to change into shorts now. Couldn’t they just finger each other real quick and keep it a secret afterwards? Debra looked at Jennifer, at her hot flushed cheeks, still bright red from the arousal of several minutes before. Jennifer looked so pretty, with her angelic locks of curly golden hair crowning her blushed face. Jennifer looked like an angel for sure, but an angel in distress, needing something, needing an orgasm.

“Jennifer, put those shorts on now. Change quickly before the boys get back home. Put them on before I change my mind.” Debra said.

Without waiting any further, Jennifer reached down to the sides of her pants and gripped them with both hands, slowly pulling them down over her gorgeous ass. Debra watched her sister remove her pants in what felt like slow-motion, taking in every detail of Jennifer’s alluring curves, the smooth pale skin of her behind. Debra wanted to kiss her sister’s angelic ass, just a quick little peck on the round soft flesh of her left, or right, butt cheek, just a little love tap of a kiss. Jennifer’s pants were so tight however that when she removed her pants fully, the pants brought her underwear down with them, the fabrics clinging to each other, as Jennifer’s tight, milfy pussy crowned with golden pubic hairs was revealed, as was the wetness and moisture surrounding Jennifer’s beautiful pussy, so wet, so juicy looking, yet so beautiful and angelic.

Debra wanted to resist and maintain the high ground, she wanted to keep up the disposition of the disciplined sister who was strong and restrained enough to call the shots like a dominatrix, but seeing her sister bend over, her butt sticking out as she brought her pants and panties down to her ankles, Debra felt her knees grow weak with arousal, and she lunged forward suddenly without stopping herself. Debra lunged her face hard into her sister’s wet cunt, sticking out from behind, as Debra reached around with both hands, grabbing her sisters waist, keeping her from falling forward onto the bed before her as she plowed her nose and her tongue into Jennifers’ wet, protruding pussy.

“OHHHH!!! Oh yesssssss! Please Debra!” Jennifer moaned as she pushed her ass back hard against her sister’s face. Jennifer couldn’t resist anymore now too as she mashed her womanhood as hard as she could onto her sister’s hungry face, and after a moment or two, Jennifer finally managed to locate Debra’s writhing tongue with her clitoris, and the joining of the two released sensations of lust, pleasure and arousal that Jennifer hadn’t experienced in years, if ever.

“OHHHHHHHHHH UGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!” Jennifer moaned and groaned loudly and agressively, finally getting some real pleasure, some real gratification. She just needed some action. She hadn’t been touched for a very long time, and she needed to finally let off some steam. A girl has needs, whether holy or unholy. The girls were interrupted however, by the sound of the door opening and Ray and the boys coming in and taking downstairs in the living room. Debra, in a moment of panic, was sufficiently startled enough to pull her face from her sisters cunt and stand up rapidly.

“Stop, we have to stop now. More later maybe. Get those shorts on now! Meet us downstairs, I’ll distract the boys.” Debra said as she began stepping in the direction of the bedroom door. Jennifer dutifully did as she told with her body, stepping out of her pants completely now, reapplying her panties, pulling up her little shorts, but mer mouth simply mouthed the sloppy words,

“You said more later? Debra?” as she stared across the room at Debra. Debra turned round, stopped at the door facing her sister.

“Maybe” Debra said. Jennifer walked towards the master bathroom after pulling up her shorts.

“Where are you going?” Debra demanded.

“To check how I look.” Jennifer examined the shorts in the mirror. they were tiny, exposing her whole legs all the way up, just barely big enough to even be called shorts and not underwear, they were scandalously small, and certainly not dinner attire. Debra watched her sister look herself over in the mirror.

“Come on now, Jennifer, we’re going downstairs, and I don't expect to see you enter a restroom unmonitored, or in fact really at all until our contest has finished. No cumming and no peeing for you, now come on lets go.” Debra said hearing the boys voices continuing to murmur downstairs. No peeing? Jennifer just wanted to cum, now what had she gotten herself into?

Ray and the boys were home now, along with Ray’s big and tall brother Robert. Ray and Robert were taken aback at first by the ridiculous sight of these two sexy ladies donning short shorts and tight little sweaters as Ray quickly joked,

“HEY! What is this hooters?! Boys cover you eyes! You too Robert!” with a big gregarious smile on his face, before leaning in close to Debra with a more serious what gives? look on his face. Debra simply ignored him, instead turning to Robert asking,

“How was work Robert?” leaving Ray looking stupefied. Debra wasn’t going to let Ray intervene in her plans this evening, the stakes were just too high and the implications just too important. Her sister was either going off to be a nun or she wasn’t, and Debra had one last chance to try to steer the direction of her sister’s future trajectory, and she’d be damned if she were going to let her sexy sister run off and become a nun. Ray looked over Jennifer, this tall lovely lady with angelic hair, her hot, flushed looking cheeks, her nipples standing tall through her tight pink sweater, her incongruous short shorts showing off her long tanned thighs.

“Work? Work was good.” stammered Robert as he struggled not to stare at these two lovely ladies’ long nude thighs, so prominently on display in the brightly lit kitchen. Debra and Jennifer began to remove pots and pans in preparation for dinner, all but ignoring the men entirely as they stood stupefied in the living room.

“Seriously though, Deb, what with the shorts?” Ray asked.

“Laundry day, Ray. Alright?” Debra said to her husband with demonic attitude. Ray and Debra both knew she’d done laundry over the weekend only a couple days ago, but something in her tone said to Ray, dont’ you dare fuck with me right now. And Ray took the hint. He thought back over the past thirty six hours searching for some wrong he had committed or mistake he’d made to warrant this kind of response from Deb, but he couldn’t think of anything. He decided to grab a beer, and one for Robert as well and block out any uncertain thoughts while he let the women prepare dinner.

The next ninety minutes or so proceeded with the girls cooking a feast of gloriously delicious Italian dishes. Lemon chicken, past with pest, rolls from the oven, etc. The cooking was second nature for these girls, and so Jennifer nearly forgot herself entirely, when, after having finished prepping the pasta at the end of their cooking session while Debra began to gather silverware from the kitchen drawer, Jennifer took a couple of routine steps towards the restroom adjacent to the kitchen.

“Ah!” Debra said raising her index finger authoritatively into the air, momentarily forgetting her surroundings. She looked back towards the men, but their attention was unwaveringly aimed towards the TV while they guzzled down their beers. Debra turned back to Jennifer as she whispered,

“No restroom, Jen. No peeing.” Jennifer suddenly remembered her agreement not to pee, and Debra noticed her sister’s legs flexing now, looking definitely like Jennifer needed a piss. They had been drinking glasses of wine while cooking dinner together, and Debra realized at that moment that neither she nor Jennifer had had a piss before the holding contest had begun. How desperate was Jennifer? Debra found herself wondering. Debra certainly needed to pee by now, but had put it off by habit, determined to get the whole meal fully cooked on time, something shed been trained to be used to now after years of being a dutiful mother and housewife. Jennifer nodded and stepped away from the bathroom, back into the kitchen as she helped Debra to set the table with the food and silverware.

As soon as Ray and Robert and the boys had sat down at the table, feasting their eyes on the great big meal before them, Debra and Jennifer finally got to sit down as well. It was only upon sitting that the women felt the fullness of their bladders in full effect. “Ohh” Debra said, wincing slightly as she sat her nice ass in shorts on the dining room chair beneath her. Jennifer squirmed in her seat momentarily, and Deb couldn’t help but notice her sisters rounded waistline protruding as she sat down. Jennifer’s legs were bouncing underneath the table, and she just couldn’t keep them still.

Debra needed to piss for sure, but she was used to this feeling at dinner, routinely putting off peeing until she’d finished washing the dishes after the family meal, often bouncing and squirming to the arousal of her horny husband Ray, always yearning for sex. Still, Jennifer looked desperate for a pee, and rather than treat her sister with empathy, Debra decided to challenge her sister. Debra picked up the wine bottle on the table before her, and holding out her wine glass with the other hand, began a long, slow pour of wine, topping off her glass as the liquid tinkle and splashed with itself inside the glass.

“Ohhh” a quiet whimper escaped Jennifer’s lips, a sound that had escaped notice of the males at the table but that Debra, paying close attention, drank in with delight. Her sister definitely needed to pee with great urgency, evidenced by her reaction to the liquid tinkling sound of the wine pouring into the glass, and white wine, a golden honey yellow color, nonetheless. Jennifer quickly reached down and touched her crotch a moment before pulling her hand away quickly, returning her grip to her fork and knife.

“Here let me top you off too, Jen.” Debra said cruelly as without waiting for any resistance, or any response whatsoever, she reached forward with the wine bottle and poured a long slow pour of white wine into Jen’s glass just feet before her strained looking face, her sweaty neck, her writhing body. As the liquid tinkled and splashed in the glass directly before her, Jennifer’s knuckles turned white as she gripped her fork and knife tightly, fighting the urge to squeeze herself in front of the others at the dinner table. She kept her lips locked and her hands away from her crotch as she stared at the yellow liquid being poured out in front of her. Her thighs couldn't fight the need to fan in and out quickly though, something she continued to do until Ray heard a clapping sound, not knowing the it was the sound of Jennifer’s clapping thighs, and said aloud,

“What’s that sound?” looking around the table. Jennifer immediately stopped clapping her thighs in and out, and blushed a bright pink in the cheeks, realizing that her composure was slipping and her desperate need to urinate was soon to become apparent to the others if she didn’t maintain her composure. Debra just drank it all in with glee and delight as she tortured her sister with the liquid splashing noise.

The next twenty minutes proceeded with Jennifer shifting constantly in her seat, and Debra too fighting to keep her own squirming to a minimum, feeling slightly bad in that she might be “cheating” by sitting on her heel, pressing her vagina tightly against her foot through the thin fabric of her shorts. This may have been cheating in that she’d told Jennifer that she wasn’t allowed to hold herself, and here she was holding herself with her foot, but she didn’t care, cheating to keep her sister around felt well worth it to Debra.

When it seemed almost as if Jennifer and Debra were going to make it through the entire dinner unscathed, dry, with their dignity intact, one of the boys knocked his glass of grape juice over, the liquid spilling across the table in front of Jennifer and right onto her lap. Quickly she shot up fro her seat and grabbed her crotch with one hand, exclaiming,

“Oh my god oh my god oh my god” as she danced from foot to foot.

“Oh my god, Im so sorry, here.” Ray said, standing up from the table too now, handing his napkin across the table to Jennifer. It seemed that momentarily everyone was too distracted with the spilt wine on the table and Jennifer’s shorts to notice her frantic pee dancing, assuming maybe that she were just attempting to get the wine off of her short before there was a stain. She quickly drove down her pee dancing, catching a glowering glare from Debra, and instead made an attempt to dry off her shorts with the napkin as Ray and Robert were now padding up the liquid on the table with other napkins, ushering the boys away from the spill lest they stain their shorts. It seemed to be tacitly agreed upon that dinner was over now, and Robert was upset with himself for having spilt wine everywhere.

“Deb, come on, get the table cleared, we gotta get that table cloth up and soaked with some soda water before it stains.” Ray was saying.

“Soda water?!” Debra asked, momentarily returning to her mind as mother-and-housewife.

“There’s ginger ale in the fridge, come one!” Ray shouted. Debra rushed past her sister to retrieve ginger ale from the kitchen. Jennifer quickly followed behind her with dishes from the table. Ten minutes later Ray was sedan wrapping leftovers as the women were busy padding ginger ale onto the stained table cloth, attempting to save it, or at least salvage something from the damage. Maybe this table cloth was to become the family picnic table cloth, as it was now stained, she thought to herself. Looking over, she saw that her sister’s thighs were tensing and quivering, and that she couldn’t keep her weight balanced on one foot. She definitely needed to pee quite badly by this point, and looking up, Debra noticed her sister’s forehead sweating and her face donning an expression of real worry now, of real urgency. Suddenly Jennifer stopped tending to the table cloth, turning to Debra saying,

“Deb, please, I need to pee so badly, I don’t care anymore, I need to go to the bathroom.” as she stepped from foot to foot. Debra felt bad for her sister, but also felt herself going numb between the legs and her pussy began to throb with wetness, stimulation, arousal, seeing her sexy sister dance subtly from foot to foot with panic in her voice. Debra was conflicted, caught between empathizing with her desperate sister, between feeling triumph at having apparently won the holding contest by default, between arousal and an urge to fuck the life out of her sexy sister, and with annoyance that her husband, kids, and brother-in-law were in the house and wouldn't leave them alone for some girl-on-girl time.

“Ray, why don’t you and the boys go out for some ice cream?” Debra said to her husband.

“Ice cream? Really?” Ray asked, turning to his wife across the living room. The boys were exited however, and lept up from the couch like dogs hearing the word “walk”. Debra wasted no time. She stepped right up next to her husband and said to him quietly, but convincingly,

“Look, she wants to wash her shorts cause of the wine spill but her other clothes still have to dry. You dont want my sister walking around the house in her panties in front of everyone right? Just give us an hour okay, and the clothes will be out of the dryer.” Debra said. Ray knew something was up, but couldn’t rightly question Debra too much in front of the others, and as the twin boys were at this point pulling on his trousers, saying, “Ice cream! Ice cream!”. he simply said,

“Boys, Robert, Ice cream time!” to the cheers of his twin boys. He turned once more to Debra.

“We’ll talk later.” he said. Debra nodded, she didn't care anymore, she just wanted the males to leave the house and give her and her sister some privacy. Soon the boys were out the door, and Debra was quick to lock it behind them. She turned round to face Jennifer, who was at this point holding herself seeing as how all the male eyeballs had left the vicinity.

“I need to pee, Deb. I just wish, I just don’t understand what all of this is about?” Jennifer said, stepping back and forth from foot to foot. Debra noticed rivulets of pee streaming lightly down her sisters long thighs.

“Come here.” Debra said, pulling her sister by the hand towards the kitchen. They passed through the kitchen quickly and stepped in the direction of the bathroom where Jennifer had been halted earlier. Debra towed her sister into the restroom behind her and shut the door behind the two of them, even though they were in the house alone now. Something about locking the door made this all the more incognito, all the more secretive, all the more forbidden, all the more arousing…

“Come on.” Debra said as she pulled down her shorts and sat on the toilet.

“Oh please let me go first, Deb. I’m really desperate.” whimpered Jennifer in a pleading tone of voice, squeezing her crotch tightly again with both hands this time.

“Come on.” Debra said again as she reached forward and pulled her sisters’ hands away from her crotch, before pulling down he sisters shorts and underwear as well. Her sister’s golden haired vagina stood enticingly before Debra’s face, her pussy being on Deb’s eye-level now as Deb sat on the toilet. Drops of piss were all around Jennifer’s wet pussy, and Deb wanted a taste. Debra lunged forward and mashed her tongue hard against the folds of Jennifer’s vagina, tasting her delicious girl-pee mixed with her womanly juices, her tongue managing to push past the strong muscular barrier of Jen’s pussy as it made it’s way inside her most private quarters. Jen moaned in arousal but quickly grabbed Debra by the hair on the back of her head, pulling her head away as she grabbed her naked crotch quickly trying to stop herself from peeing.

Pee was splashing from her vagina now, getting all over her legs and hitting Debra’s stomach. Debra pulled off her sweater and bra over her head, now fully nude, pushing her tits forward momentarily, wetting them with her sister’s piss, before grabbing Jennifer by the waist and pulling her down onto a sitting position on Debra’s own thighs, her sister straddling her now, facing her, sitting on top of her legs as Debra remained sitting on the toilet. Jennifer’s pussy was directly in front of Debra’s and Jennifer frantically clawed at her little pussy trying to keep herself from peeing, as he legs were now widely splayed.

“It’s okay, Jen. Pee. Pee on me, it’s okay.” Debra said, pulling her sister’s hands away from her crotch again. Jen let out a strained sounding whimper again, as her pussy finally unleashed a high-pressured torrent of urine that shot right at Debra’s naked pussy. Debra yanked her sister’s sweater and bra off too now. Debra’s body shook like an Earthquake in arousal, seeing this as Debra began peeing now as well, into the toilet, bowl, and took the opportunity to finger herself amidst the colliding rivers of urine down at her crotch. Jennifer rubbed herself manically as she pissed and pissed, her sister pissing with even greater force, sending her river of hot girl-pee right at Debra’s flaming pussy. Her sister, shuddering with relief, looked down and saw Debra fingering herself.

“Hey, that’s not fair, how come you get to-“ but then Debra stood up, like a man, shoving her fingers hard into Jennifer’s pussy as she backed her sister against he bathroom wall bend her, both their pussies now still peeing but peeing onto the tiled floor.

“Hey” Jennifer said.

“Shut up! Just shut the fuck up and let me fuck you! Stupid nun-bitch! You’re not gonna be a nun! You wanna fuck your own sister!” Debra yelled with sexual arousal induced aggression as she proceeded to finger her sister against the bathroom wall with rigorous speed and force. Pretty soon Debra was yanking open the restroom door, backing her sister into the living room and down onto the sofa, her left hand never leaving Jennifer’s pussy.

Jennifer’s body was rocking and quivering on the couch. The inner thighs still splashed with pee, her pussy staining the couch, she felt as if she’d left the material world altogether and was in fact undergoing a sublimation process similar in it’s profundity to becoming a nun. Jennifer was finally getting over herself, getting over her hangups, her lack of self-esteem, as one of the closest and most loving people in her life was now busy frigging her, and frigging herself right in this ridiculously conventional American family living room. It felt so scandalous, two sisters fucking on the couch while one’s husband had to leave the house on command to “go and get ice cream” like a pet ordered to do a trick.

“What’s the matter baby girl?” Debra asked, seeing her sister’s entire body seethe and writhe and gyrate and apply as much pressure to Debra’s fingering hand as possible, desperate to push herself over into orgasm. “What’s the matter? Huh Jen? You need an orgasm? Huh? You need to cum?” Debra asked.

“Yes, please don't stop. I need to cum so badly” Jennifer pleaded, sounding so turned on that she was nearly crying for the imminent orgasmic relief.

“You need to cum? Well, guess what, so do I, but good girls don't get to cum in this house, and nuns never get to cum anywhere!” Debra yelled at Jennifer, before spitting on Jennifers tits as she continued to finger fuck her. “Now, look, you know you want this, and so do I. You’re not really gonna run off and become a nun are you?” Debra pleaded in a state of mutual arousal.

“I’ll stay I’ll stay I’ll stay!”Jennifer yelled. “Please! Please just make me cum, Deb!” This was all Debra needed to hear. She fingered her sister and she fingered herself hard, matching the pace between her two hands, as Jennifer reached up and held Debra’s head with both hands. The two women could feel it coming, and they felt it coming together, as one entity. The two women’s bodies were ROCKED with a mind-bending orgasm that sent their pussies SHOOTING girl-cum all over each other and all over the sofa, soaking the upholstery in their squirting pussy juice.

“OHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!” they both yelled as their bodies buckled and shook and contracted and SOAKED with living room sofa as the two girls CAME and CAME and CAME, managing together to sustain a fifteen-second long orgasm that left both girls heaving for air as Debra’s body collapsed on top of Jennifer’s both of them sweating profusely, breathing heavily with the post-coital bliss that was rocking through their bodies. It took them a good five to ten minutes to gather their senses again and realize that they had to get all of the seat cushion covers off of the couch and into the washing machine. The entire living room still smelled of pussy when Ray and Robert and the boys finally returned home. The girls were now changed into their normal modest clothing, and both women had a beatific expression on their face, the result of hard earned orgasms.

Ray wanted sex that night, and Debra felt for him, especially given the ridiculously sexy circumstances she got to experience on this lucky day. She looked forward to more time with her sister in the future as she once again removed her clotting and backed her husband onto th bed behind him. Ray reached forward and played with her cunt.

“Wow, you’re wet” he said.

You have no idea, Debra thought to herself.

THE END

YOU LIKE MY WRITING?! I WILL WRITE ON COMMISSION! $ LET ME WRITE OUT YOUR FANTASY SCENARIO! CONTACT ME!

