What I did in the Holidays by Hermione Grainger part 3

Author: sobbi5

*000*2014-10-21 10:23

What Hermione did in the Holidays part 3; - sorry you need to read part 1 & 2 first

Hermione finished her shower in the upstairs fitting area bathroom, dried herself and put on the white towelling robe that Madam Susie had left her before walking downstairs to the shop. When she got there her mum and Susie were busy talking and looking at a variety of different styles of knickers and bras.

Hermione’s mother handed her a nice looking lacy bra – white but much nicer than anything she had worn so far –“try this on dear, it should be the right size and fit from the measurements Susie did”. Hermione did as she was told and put it on with Susie assisting to adjust the straps to just the right length.

“Try walking up and down in it to see how it feels” she was told and duly did so – it felt very comfortable, much better than her old ones – she had come expect that she needed to keep everything adjusted to be tight for control to stop bouncing, but this bra hardly felt to be there although she could tell it was controlling any tendency to bounce very well – and as well it felt very nice on the skin of her breasts and the gentle slight rub on her nipples was quickly making them stand up to attention.

After a couple of minutes walking around Susie said “ok now take it off and let us check for anything biting into you”. Susie looked at Hermione’s back and shoulders, then under her arms and round her upper waist and noted there were no marks so the fitting was good, she told her to turn round and face them and Hermione saw her mother smile on seeing her erect nipples –“looks like you have got the perfect fit once again Susie!” said her mum and which Susie simple smiled herself and said “we aim to please”.

“Ok” said mum “knickers next – everyday ones first”. Susie took some not very exciting looking school knickers from one of the shop drawers saying these should be correct from our checks but try a pair on”. Hermione was not overly thrilled to be putting blue school knickers on now, but did as she was told only to find that whilst her old ones were comfortable these felt almost incredible, a gentle firm feel all over – but she quickly realised that the firmness of the material over her pussy was making it start to swell and this triggered her nipples to push out even more.

“Looks like we got the right fit” said Susie as mum looked on with a gentle smile on her lips. Hermione looked at them both and managed to say “yes they fit fine, but I would really like some pretty frilly grown up ones”.

“That’s ok” said mum “we came here to do that, but I think you can see why it is important to get the right fitting first – it really helps to feel good and that’s why I keep coming”. They looked at various colours and fabrics before settling on several pairs in different light colours – turquoise like her mum had wet this morning – pink, pale blue, pale green, and yellow. Hermione picked up some black ones and looked at them, but her mother smiled at her and said” you have no need for sexy black lace knickers yet!” However she did select matching suspender belts for the colours of the ones she had.

After they had finished Susie said to Hermione come back upstairs with me and we will sort a few details. Hermione was puzzled but did as she was asked - as they went up the stairs Susie said “I really like your mum, I have known her since I was a little girl playing in the shop – but like all mum’s she is a bit over protective. Firstly here is my card – send me an owl when you need the sexy black knickers and I will get them to you by return in a plain wrapping simply marked “Susie” – with your figure and beauty I don’t expect it to be long before I hear from you. Secondly I hope you will join W3, I will come up for a reunion next term so come along and meet me there. Finally whilst someone else may tell you this I invented this spell out of necessity and other have found it usefull – and many have found it pleasurable. On the back of her card she wrote “ru –bar- nicicus”. Hermione looked at this and asked “please tell me more”.

“Sure” Susie responded “When you are in the shop for long periods with lots of customers you must watch them carefully otherwise stock disappears – with some ordinary women you would swear they knew magic the way they hide knickers and bras in coats, bags- up their own knickers etc.”

“So it gets very difficult sometimes to go for a wee when you need it, my mum coped by wearing nappies and plastic knickers on days she knew it would be hard, but she was not one of the special band of wet witches like you and me so she got little pleasure from doing this. As you will have guessed I like wetting my knickers and when I first took over the shop I simply hid a thick towel behind the counter and did it in my pants and through into the towel when every I need to, but it is still rather open and with lots of customers it was hard to do so without being caught.

So I did lots of research though the old books looking for how to put spells onto clothes and I finally found the secret was that you needed to spit the word(s) up into little bits and say them slowly – I suppose because the material is a slow learner - it is hard for it to cotton on. The spell I have written down will simply turn whatever knickers you are wearing into a super grade of rubber or plastic pants. It works best with full knickers – like the ones you now have bought for school – say the spell and the elastic round the legs and waist will lighten up and the fabric, whilst still feeling like cotton, will become completely water tight – or should I say completely “wee tight” and will flex and expand just like thin rubber. This means that I can do it in my knickers whenever I am busy with customers and I can’t get to the toilet.”

Hermione looked at her a bit open mouthed to which Susie responded to saying – “OK I admit that I like the feeling of warm wee round my pussy and I use the spell most of the time - but it works brilliantly as long as you do not physically force the wee out of them by sitting down too hard or the like”. Susie pulled her belt out of her skirt and let it drop to the floor showing Hermione she was wearing a bottle green coloured version of the school knickers that Hermione was buying – but they were bulging. Susie pulled the waist out and said to Hermione – “Look”

Unable to resist Hermione looked over the waistband of Susie’s knickers to see her clean shaven pussy bathed in a pool of wee – she gently touched the outside of the fabric which looked absolutely soaked – but felt dry. Without thinking she put her hand inside to feel the fabric – which was wet – and then let her fingers drop into the puddle, gently rubbing against Susie’s pussy lips at which Susie let out a sound like a “purr”. That feels great she said, but we do not have time to explore now – please come to the W3 meeting and we can talk and explore more there – promise you will come please?. Hermione shook herself realising what she had done, but smiled and said “I promise – I was not going to go because I did not think I would know anyone, but meeting you there would be good and you have already taught me so much I must at least learn how to say thank you to you.”

Hermione quickly got dressed into her old knickers and clothes but overheard Susie after she went into the bathroom let out another purr as she also heard the sound of pee falling onto the floor so Susie must have pulled one of the knickers’ legs out to let the puddle escape.

Back downstairs again Susie carefully wrapped everything up for Hermione’s purchases plus a few pairs of pretty lacy knickers for mum. Mum was ready to pay when Susie stated – as this is Hermione’s first fitting I will give you a 50% discount on all of her purchases, I really hope we will see her again (Hermione saw her give her a quick wink at that), which mum was very gracious about.

They said good-bye and walked out of the shop back towards the car. It was a lovely warm afternoon and as they went past a bakers with lovely smells coming form it mum said – let’s grab some food and sit down by the riverside in the park for a picnic. They chose some sandwiches and cakes with bottles of cold drink and walked to car. A short drive later they pulled into a car park with a short walk to a grassy area alongside the river, taking their food and a blanket to sit on they walked down a little way so they were in a nice secluded area away from houses – alongside the walkway but mostly screened by bushes.

Mum said ‘I like it here” it is very peaceful, mid week, like today, few people walk by.” They sat quietly for a while enjoying the peace (and their food and drinks). Mum lay back and spoke – “I did not try to listen to you and Susie talking and I did not actually hear you saying anything – but you obviously were getting on very well with her. Am I right in guessing she is special like you are?”. Hermione looked at her mum and thought “for all she is not a witch she has a knack of knowing what is going on!” Hermione said to her mum “yes you are right - and then told her about how she was the one that picked Hermione’s talent. Mum simply said, “I’m not surprised, I was always sure her mum had something special about her the way she dealt with some of the really snooty upper class women who tried to look down on her. I remember when my mum took me here it seemed that way too many such difficult women suddenly ended up having accidents in their knickers in the middle of the shop!”

They continued to lay back and relax and mum said “well I said there would be no secrets so I need to talk to you about next weekend. It is the annual reunion for my university class and I am due to go to the events for the week end. Do you remember meeting a lady you called “Aunty Pat” when she called to visit from time to time”?. Hermione thought and said “She was a very nice friendly lady who must be about your age - from what I remember, but Dad didn’t seem too happy when she was around”.

Mum looked over at her and said “that was very perceptive of you when you were quite young. Pat and I were at college together – in fact we shared a flat together for three years – and most of that time we shared a bed – quite often a wet one!”. I really enjoyed our time together and we still enjoy our reunions. Pat never got into boys (or rather vice-versa!) and has spent her life living with a couple of other lesbian friends. Being absolutely honest with you I love the way a woman knows how to touch you intimately, slowly, gently, gradually bring you to a peak of pleasure – but I found I also like the rough thrust of a man’s prick inside me – particularly your father’s – nothing else is the same – not even if it is made from the finest rubber or plastic.”

Hermione went silent as her mum talked, but noticed that her nipples were starting to stand up, her pussy was starting to tingle, and she was getting close to needing to pee again. Hermione slid down the gentle slope off the blanket a bit, letting the back of her skirt stay where it was so that her bum and knickers were on the grass – she listened as her mum continued but playing “let it go – then stop” almost wetting herself and building up a great sexual tension in her pussy.

Her mum continued “ I was planning just to go up for the dinner on the one night on Saturday and come back the next morning as you were here, although it starts on Thursday and goes through to Sunday evening. However it appears that you have grown up a lot and clearly enjoy female company so would you like to come with me and we will go for the whole time. There may be other girls there your age, but I suspect you might like to meet Pat again as an adult, I would gladly let you learn from her.”

By the end of mum’s talk Hermione was not quite with it and just mumbled something– she was in her own world more involved with the feel of her pussy and the pressure of her wee trying to escape into her knickers. The next thing she heard was her mum saying “just do it Hermione you look beautiful”. Hermione by then actually had no choice and did a first spurt into her pink pants she opened her eyes and looked around to see her mum was now sitting below her looking up her skirt, smiling, “just do it” she said again but there was no need as Hermione lost all control and flooded her wee into her knickers, all over her pussy, down her bum – and she shook with pleasure as she did it.

She came to quickly to see her mum back laying on the rug, face down- and looking down she saw her mum had pulled the front of her skirt up and from the waist down she was laying on the grass – her legs were splayed apart and she guessed mum was pushing her pussy into the ground. Hermione got up enjoying the feel of her wet knickers as she did so and quickly moved to sit below her mum. Mum groaned and whispered I have held this all morning and afternoon till now, I leaked a little over our lunch so my panties are a bit wet – but now for the deluge!

Hermione looked up her mums’ skirt at the crotch of her black knickers, but even in the sunlight it was hard to see if they were wet – then Hermione heard the hiss as her mum lost control and started to empty her bladder into her knickers, part way through mum moved into a kneeling position, but with her hands forward – like a dog – so Hermione could see the crotch of the black knickers sag with all of the pee mum was emptying into it. Most of the wee ran down the upper part of her legs and then into a puddle on the ground. The puddle under her flowed in a little stream down towards Hermione who wriggled over so she was sitting on the ground so the stream stopped against her already soaked pink gusset. She rubbed her pussy with the wee and soon shook and climaxed.

Finally mum came to a stop and turned over so she sat the (previously dry) seat of her knickers in her puddle of wee and wriggled in it, rubbing her pussy with her fingers till she too shook with the pleasure of her climax. She opened her eyes and saw Hermione sitting in the puddle post climax, her knickers absolutely soaked.

“I take that as a yes please I would like to come to see Aunty Pat” said mum. Hermione looked and said – “if there is more to learn I would love to do “Holiday study” with you and Aunty Pat”.

“OK, I will arrange it said mum – I expect I will need to give your father an extra special treat to get him to agree – he knows about me and Pat hence his dislike”.

They stood up and mum said “I did bring some of our new knickers down here in my bag, but I am going to keep my wet ones on to go home, I am sure I can keep them warm and wet during the drive. I have towels and plastic in the boot to keep the seats safe – do you want to change or stay in your wet ones?

Hermione took in the latest information and looking at her mum pulled up her skirt and deliberately squeezed out the last drops of pee – “wet please” was all she said.

Too follow – Next Visit to meet Aunty Pat

After – the stay at the Weasley’s – Ron’s Navy blue knickers

