The Conduit - Page 2

Author: Garrus

*026*2014-10-15 21:12

Thanks for the support, it always helps. I'm a bit worried the plot is going to get even more convoluted moving forward, but we'll see how it goes.

*028*2014-10-17 05:08

{{: 

This is a great story, but I was wondering something. Was this story a one time thing, or was it an intro to a series of stories?

}}

Well this story is still going if that's what you're asking. I'll probably have a new chapter up tomorrow.

But if you're wondering if there will be multiple stories that take place in the same universe, the answer is I'm not sure. I did write another story with some of the same characters a few days ago called 'An Embarrassing Day at the Pool' but that one was a different kind of theme, and I probably won't continue that one.

When I eventually finish this story I might continue it in a series, but for now I'm just going to focus on writing this one.

*030*2014-10-17 16:10

{{: 

So do the powers only work on females? I'm not into male urination, but from a narrative point of view it seems strange that every victim has been a girl.

}}

As far as I know, there's no reason why they wouldn't affect males in the same way. I'm just not into male wetting, so it probably won't show up unless the plot demands it.

So far I haven't written any male characters, mostly because anytime I consider it, I realize I'd prefer that character to be played by a cute girl with a possibility of peeing her pants. In an earlier chapter I kind of made fun of myself and my lack of male characters when Mari said: "I'm starting to doubt whether there are even any guys in this town to begin with."

There might be male characters or even a male love interest down the line, but for now I'm just trying to keep the plot cohesive as it gets more and more strange in the next chapter.

*032*2014-10-17 19:19

Okay so as a warning, this chapter starts off with lots of plot and not much wetting. And the plot gets kinda crazy here, so if you get confused it's probably not just you.

Chapter 5

The Seeker may peer into the body and past of another. These are the tools by which the gifted are found.

The Fount that springs eternal, from naught unto another. From another back to naught. Naught that comes from naught may remain overlong.

The Sealer comes in two forms. The internal seal placed upon thyself, and the external applied to another.

The Shield serves to protect, or to obscure. Not even the sight of a Seeker may pierce that which a Shield protects.

The Receiver from another unto thine self. The burden of a Receiver is always great.

The Conduit, from within to without, out of one unto others. Balance will persist.

One may fail, and two will be overrun, but the strand of three cords is not easily broken.

Those with the Gift must remain true; there will always be those who sow Chaos.

Beware the Void, draw from it if you must, but pour into it sparingly.

'Non pascam pecus dormientis'

'State contra aestus'

'Dum mea vesica evacuat'

'Dum corpus meum in arido'

Live the words and guard thine heart daughter of the Gift.

### Excerpt from: The Chosen of the Gift

"Why have you returned Aiwren?" The woman's voice sounded soft and gentle to Sarah, but that did not stop Aiwren from flinching as though struck.

"That's because-"

"As I recall, your mission was to confirm the presence of a conduit. To observe, and nothing more."

"I know, but Seles, she..."

"Silence, return to your quarters. I will hear your report later. For now I will get to know our guest." Aiwren did as she was told, backing out of the room; leaving Sarah alone with the woman named Seles.

Seles stood with her back to Sarah, not making any indication that she even knew Sarah was in the room. The woman's hair fell in black waves down most of her back, and it seemed to be swaying as the light from the setting sun shone through the lone window in the room. Seles continued to stare out the window, apparently deep in thought. The building they were in was not particularly tall, but it was elevated high enough above the surrounding buildings to provide a scenic view of the city. Tired of being ignored Sarah stepped up next to the woman and gazed out the window alongside her.

"You should not have been brought here child."

"I wanted to find some answers. I wasn't forced to come or anything, and it's not Aiwren's fault, I basically forced her to bring me."

"We have been searching for you for years." The woman sighed, still not looking at Sarah. "It would be a shame to ruin everything by rushing when we are so close."

"I don't understand any of this. When are you going to answer my questions?" Sarah demanded.

"I suppose you deserve some answers." Seles finally turned to face Sarah.

Sarah had to stifle a gasp as she locked eyes with the woman. She looked younger than Sarah had first thought, she couldn't have been more than twenty five or so, but that was not what shocked Sarah. One of her eyes was a pretty green color, but the other was completely black. With no visible pupil, it was impossible to tell where the eye was looking, or if it could even see at all.

Seles smiled slightly, and brushed her bangs forward, covering the mysterious eye, although Sarah still felt like it was watching her.

"I suppose I should start with who 'we' are. I, as well as the others living here, are members of an organization more ancient than you can imagine. We are tasked with locating and training bearers of the Gift, so that they will not be corrupted by Darkness. When threats do arise, we must be the ones to suppress them." Seles explained as she sat at the small table in the room and gestured for Sarah to do the same.

"So by 'gift' do you mean the whole 'Conduit' thing?' Sarah asked, sitting.

"Indeed. Although you are the first conduit we have located in more than twenty years."

"Oh yeah, Aiwren mentioned that she wasn't a conduit. She said she was a 'fount' or something like that."

"Indeed, her's is one of the more fickle Gifts; any mistake could cost us dearly. That is why I must be hard on her."

"So does that mean there are other powers besides those two?"

"Yes, you are correct. I am what is called a Seeker. I peer into the bodies of others, and I can see how full their bladder is. With focus, I can also learn other things about a target; such as, when they last had an accident, the number of accidents they have had, and how long they can hold their pee before they have an accident. In addition, Seekers can also identify others who have the Gift, so my main purpose is to locate girls like you."

"Are there more powers? What are they?"

"Later, I shall provide you with a copy of the ancient text that details the Gifts, but for now I ask that you only listen. There is a war going on; a war that has been raging for thousands of years. Order versus Chaos, Light versus Dark, the Gifted versus the Void. There is a Darkness in this world; unseen, yet always present, always watching. There are those who have the ability to see the Void, and those without the power to resist are taken by it, indoctrinated, and made to serve the Void. The Void is powerful, and it tempts others with offers of greater power; not all are strong enough to resist." Seles raised a hand to her hidden eye as though it pained her, but a moment later she continued as though nothing was amiss.

"Those with the Gift, such as yourself, have the power to touch the Void, but in doing so you will surely draw its gaze upon you. It seems you have escaped its notice thus far, but you cannot do so forever, and when the Void turns its eye to you, those corrupted by the Void will surely come for you. In bringing you here, Aiwren may have put you in grave danger, but it is too late to worry about that now. So now I ask you; Sarah, daughter of the Gift, will you join us in our struggle against the Darkness?"

Sarah sat quietly, stunned at all the information that was suddenly thrust upon her.

"I uh-I just came here to get some information, but you want me to join a war? Do you actually expect me to believe anything you just told me?" Sarah asked incredulously.

"I understand your confusion. I was just as doubtful when I first heard the story. I made the mistake of walking away, and within the week the Void found me. It did not come to me with destruction and chaos, instead it used weapons far more effective, lies and sugar-coated words. The Void whispered things to me, things I wanted to hear, things I had always secretly believed. The Void is tricky and clever, it granted me power, and asked for nothing in return, and when it tried to take everything from me, I almost wanted it to.

"You have to believe me Sarah, because if you don't, then I fear for us all. You have the gift, so you have the ability to touch the Void. It is the only way for you to understand the situation." Seles stood and moved closer to Sarah.

Sarah stood as well backing up slightly, a bit nervous now.

"Uh, if it's all the same to you, I think I'll pass on interacting with an all-powerful creature of darkness."

"Not all-powerful, just more powerful than me or you." Seles swept the hair back off her face, and Sarah was once again pierced with the pitch black eye. "Now open your eyes, and see the enemy we face, so that you might understand!"

Sarah felt as though she had been staring through a darkened piece of glass until this very moment. Suddenly all the colors she saw seemed brighter and more vibrant, but she noticed something else as well. Drifting all around, only completely visible when she chose to focus on it, was some sort of mist. It did not obscure her vision, but it was there nonetheless. Now that she noticed it, it felt almost warm, a comforting pressure against her skin. Sarah turned to the window and gazed out over the city, the mist could be seen everywhere as far as Sarah could tell, but no one else seemed to notice it.

All of a sudden, Sarah found herself staring down at the city as though she were hovering over it; she could still feel herself standing at the window, but at the same time she was removed from herself. Looking down from her new vantage point, she saw hundreds of little lights, each one somehow unique, even though they all looked the same, some were brighter than others, and some where larger, there were even a couple that were different colors. Sarah somehow felt certain that each of these lights were a person. Sarah wasn't sure how she knew this, but it just felt right to her.

The mist swirled gently around Sarah, and she suddenly became aware of her need to pee, the need was so great that Sarah wasn't sure how she had ignored it until now. She was more desperate than she had ever been before, Sarah tried to hold herself, anything to give her some relief from this desperation, but she realized that her body was miles below her, no doubt one of those little shinning lights. With a new plan in her mind, Sarah focused on the lights, choosing one light that was so dim she could barely see it. Sarah was directly next to the source of the light; of course she was, she had been here the entire time, hadn't she? Sarah's thoughts were growing cloudy as she slowly drifted around the woman who was glowing dimly, no wait, that was the mist that was lazily circling the woman, not Sarah.

Even as she thought this, her need to pee was somehow getting even worse, so Sarah did what felt natural, she slowly transferred her pee to the woman. Sarah watched as the mist slowly penetrated her body, slowly filling her bladder. Sarah couldn't tear her eyes away as the light coming from the woman got brighter and brighter, it was beautiful. Part of Sarah couldn't help but watch as the woman collapsed to her knees and a puddle of pee poured out, staining the woman's pants. These thoughts were quickly banished, as Sarah noticed her need to pee had hardly diminished at all. Staring down once more on all the lights scattered below her, Sarah selected each of the hundreds of lights she saw and poured herself into them; as she swirled around each of them, all the lights became brighter and more beautiful. Sarah was delighted as she watched the lights glow and twinkle beneath and around her. Sarah had to find more, surely there were other lights she could find.

"-rah! Sarah! Can you hear me? Sarah you have to come back!"

Sarah suddenly found herself back in her old body; still staring out the window, but in the reflection of the glass, Sarah saw that both her eyes had become pitch black. Sarah jumped back in surprise.

"Ah, what? What happened?" Sarah glanced tentatively back at her reflection and was relieved to see that her eyes were back to normal.

"I'm sorry Sarah, I just wanted to show you what we are dealing with. I didn't think you would be drawn so far in so quickly. Are you alright? Do you feel okay?"

"Yeah, I guess so." Sarah answered slowly, she felt a great sense of loss; as though she had just lost the use of a limb that she didn't know she ever had.

"Sarah. Look at me. I know the Void can feel seductive; so much power, it's easy to get lost in it. You have to remember who you are, the Void will try and take that from you."

Sarah nodded. Still shaken by the experience.

"Why don't you go lie down and rest a bit."

"Yeah thanks. Wait what time is it? I should call my mom."

"I'll show you to a room you can use, there is a phone there you can use if you need it." Seles led Sarah out of the room and down a hallway, stopping at one of the rooms. "Please take all the time you need. I've found that it can help to write about the experience, there is a desk with paper and pens that you can use if you wish."

Sarah stepped inside the room, and Seles closed the door behind her. Suddenly realizing just how tired she was, Sarah collapsed into the bed, and was asleep soon after.

Seles entered a different room, this one obviously saw more use than the one Sarah was now using. There was a bookshelf with numerous books and magazines; posters covered one of the walls, and a young girl with white hair was huddled on the bed, both hands clenched desperately between her legs. The girl looked up as Seles entered the room.

"Oh Seles, can I-" Aiwren started.

"No, you still have some room left. You'll have to wait. I need to talk with you about this girl, Sarah."

"Ohhh" Aiwren moaned rubbing her crotch as she struggled not to wet herself.

"That girl is not a normal Conduit. She received the Void eyes when she touched the Void, only a Seeker should be able to do that, and she didn't wet herself, even after being under for so long."

"Ah" Aiwren gripped herself even harder at the mention of wetting, but still managed to reply. "I noticed the same thing when I first made contact. She's definitely a Conduit, but when I filled her way past full, but she didn't even leak. She told me herself that she can't even pee if she wanted to. She has to be some sort of Sealer."

"It's impossible, there has never been any case of a girl displaying multiple Gifts." Seles was speaking to herself as much as she was the desperate girl before her. "But I can't deny that she has already done things that would be impossible for just a Conduit."

"Ahh, that's why I decided to bring her here. I wasn't sure what to do anymore."

"Yes I suppose that was the best decision, all things considered. Oops, looks like you leaked a bit."

Aiwren blushed, she felt the small wet spot beneath her hands, it couldn't be more than a couple inches wide, and she was certain it wasn't visible yet, but Seles was a Seeker, so she couldn't hide it from her.

"I'm worried though," Seles said, ignoring Aiwren's embarrassment. "The Void obviously wants her very badly. It could mean trouble if they learn where she is."

"Wh-What happened when she touched it?" Aiwren stammered through her desperation.

"I'm not sure, even with my eye I could only tell that she drew in a large amount of the Void, I'm not sure what she did with the power; we can only hope she didn't cause any permanent harm, whatever she did."

"Well, as long as she was drawing from the void, and not feeding it, it's okay right?"

"It should be so, but I still fear what the Void may be planning. This girl must be tremendously powerful to wield the void so effortlessly."

"She's stronger than anyone I've seen, she managed to transfer to more than twenty people at once when we were in class. That's almost as strong as the stories of the great heroes I've read. Ah, now please, can't I go pee? I'm going to have an accident."

"Oh I don't think you're quite full enough yet." Seles said, smiling. "You disobeyed my direct orders, what were you thinking? Filling her bladder as soon as you found her. Your job was to wait and observe. Besides, you still have some room, about ten percent left I'd say."

"Ohhh," Aiwren moaned, hunching over even further on her bed. "I really don't think I can hold anymore."

A short hiss sounded through the room, as Aiwren lost another leak. The stain on the pink sweat pants Aiwren had changed into was now clearly visible, even from under the hands that gripped hard enough to quickly cut off the leak.

I wish I hadn't taken off my diap...I mean my Conduit protection gear. Aiwren thought to herself desperately, as another small leak seeped out from between her fingers.

"Oh dear, you've leaked quite a bit haven't you? Now you've got about fifteen percent capacity left, I guess you'll be able to hold on a while now huh?"

"No, please. I'm sorry." Aiwren pleaded, but it was too late. Even as she was speaking, the floodgates opened, and a torrent of pee rushed out from under her hands, soaking her pants and the bed beneath her completely. "Nooooo."

"Oh no, you've made quite a mess haven't you. I thought you were done wetting the bed." Seles said with a wink. "Well I trust you've learned your lesson, and I hope you will stick to the plan in the future."

"Yes Seles." Aiwren said with her red face staring at the wet spot on her pants. She was terribly embarrassed, but the relief to finally let go was so overwhelming she could barely feel the shame.

"Seles, Ma'am, I think you need to see this." A girl strode into the room, barely pausing to look at the soaked girl keeling on a very wet bed. "It's on the news." The girl picked up the remote that was on top of the television sitting against one of the walls in the room. Turning it on, she quickly changed the channel to a news program where an interviewer could be seen talking to several young women.

Seles stared at the title of the broadcast, before looking back at Aiwren with a hint of fear in her eyes.

"What has she done?"

*037*2014-10-26 00:49

Thanks for the positive feedback.

Sorry for the long break between chapters, I've been busy, and there were other distractions as well.

I'll try to get back to writing tomorrow if I can.

*039*2014-10-26 19:38

{{: 

I really truly wish I could write like this! This story is fantastic on so many levels! The story is awesome. The description and the though that goes into each paragraph makes me feel like I could be one of the characters, or someone nearby, witnessing everything that is happening, and wondering myself, about things that have not yet come to light.

This might be one of the best epics on this site!

}}

I'm sure you must be exaggerating, but I thank you for the kind words nonetheless.

I have tired to keep the story interesting and entertaining, even though I feel like the tone sometimes changes drastically from chapter to chapter. I hope everyone will continue to enjoy the story; I'm working on the next chapter right now.

*042*2014-11-02 14:26

Sorry for the long absence, but this next chapter that I'm writing has been kicking my butt. I'm hoping to get it ironed out today, so with luck it could be up today or tomorrow.

*045*2014-11-03 06:19

Well here it is, I struggled more with this chapter than any previous one. Hopefully it turned out well.

Chapter 6

We are quick to assign an impersonal, gender neutral pronoun to the Void, and perhaps it is easier to think of the Void as simply an 'it', but we must take care. The elders likely chose to refer to 'it' as such, better to dehumanize the enemy they no doubt thought. Perhaps it has worked too well, already I have heard 'void' used as a verb, meaning 'to empty', it is a more fitting word than most realize. Even so, there is no denying that the Void has a distinct personality. The records I have found have conflicting reports, some insist the Void is a female entity who warmly embraces and protects her followers, other documents declare the Void to have a masculine personality, empowering and encouraging disciples. Although the two main reports that I have access to span a thousand years they are both quite clear on one point: 'The Void is alive, and He or She is watching.'

### The Chosen of the Gift

"Do you know what this means!?"

"Of course I do, but there's nothing-"

"Nothing? This isn't nothing Seles. It's hundreds of them, and it could be permanent."

Raised voices roused Sarah from her light sleep. The voices were still indistinct, but as Sarah became more awake she recognized one of the speakers.

"I know, I know." It was Seles speaking, she sounded agitated, but not as much as the voice that responded.

"I'm not sure you do know, because if you did you would be doing something about it." The voice was unfamiliar to Sarah, but it sounded as though it belonged to a young girl, likely close to Sarah's own age.

"What would you have me do? It's been done, I can't just fix it."

"It's only going to get worse from here. For now they're fine calling it a 'flash mob' or 'student activism', but that won't last. What's going to happen when dozens of girls show up at the doctor for incontinence? They're going to start using words like 'disease' or 'virus' and then comes the 'contagious' question. This will cause a panic, and it's all that girl's fault."

"You can't blame Sarah for this." Seles sounded angry now, and Sarah blushed slightly when she realized they were talking about her. Sarah had no idea what they were talking about, but it sounded serious, whatever it was. "If you need someone to blame, blame the Void. Or maybe you've forgotten what our enemy is."

"No...of course not." The girl sounded abashed.

"You've certainly managed to forget your place. I am thankful for your insight, but I am in charge here, and I will decide what our next move is." Seles spoke with a tone of finality that was obviously not missed by the other girl, who Sarah heard offer a meek farewell, and exit the room that Seles was occupying.

Making up her mind, Sarah stood up and made her way into the hall, pausing briefly to knock on the already open door, before stepping into the room where Seles was currently sitting.

"Ah, Sarah, please come in." Seles welcomed the girl, standing to greet her. "How are you feeling, did you sleep well?"

"Yes, I feel fine, but uh, what you were talking about just now..."

"Hmm I had hoped we wouldn't wake you, but we were being rather loud I fear. It is perhaps, not how I would have chosen to tell you, but there is something you need to know. First; however, I would like to hear what you remember from last night."

"Last night? It's morning already?" Sarah asked, surprised. She had certainly not expected to spend the night in this place, and she had never called her mother to tell her she'd be late.

"Yes, it seems you were quite exhausted. Please do not be concerned, there is no school today, as you know, and I took the liberty of calling your home. I spoke with your mother and told her I was the mother of a new friend, and you wanted to sleep over. She gave consent quite readily."

"Well I guess it's alright then..." Sarah wasn't sure how Seles had managed to get her home phone number, but she decided that question could wait. "But as for last night...It's strange. I can't really remember much. I remember arriving here, and I talked with you for a few minutes, but then my memory's all fuzzy. The next thing I can really remember is waking up. Everything in between seems like a half-remembered dream. I remember flying, and lots of bright lights, but that's about it."

"Well that is to be expected. You touched the Void for the first time last night, and hopefully for the last time as well. The Void drew you in deeper and faster than anyone else I have ever seen. While you were under it's influence you...did something. I'm sure you'll see or hear about it soon enough anyway, but you need to understand that nothing that happened was your fault."

"Okaaay." Sarah said slowly, she was still confused as to what was going on. "So 'the void' 'the darkness' and 'the mist' are all the same thing right?"

"Indeed, three names for one enemy. A force incredibly powerful, as you realized last night, yet it tries to tempt Gifted with this power, to ensnare them with it. You wielded the Void more powerfully than anyone I have ever seen. You used the void to pour into a number of girls, quite a large number actually."

Sarah was trying to listen intently to what Seles was saying, Seles seemed to think it was very important, but Sarah found it hard to focus. Mist was floating around the room, just lazily drifting, seemingly unaffected by any draft in the house or the movement of Seles' hands, but whenever Sarah took a breath, the mist seemed to pull in closer to Sarah's body and it would twirl around whenever she moved.

"Are you listening?" Seles didn't sound particularly mad, but Sarah still blushed when she looked back up at Seles.

"Oh yeah, sorry. It's just, I can't believe this mist was really here all the time and I just couldn't see it."

"Yes, I can understand the feeling, but I am sure you will soon become accustomed to its presence. For all but Seekers, the mist remains mostly hidden, only becoming truly visible when focused upon. Even I barely notice it with my good eye." Seles explained gesturing to her normal looking green eye, her ominous looking black eye hidden behind her bangs. "You need only be concerned if the mist becomes dark, that indicates the Void has turned its attention upon you.

"O-of course." Sarah nodded, looking once more at the pale, thick mist that somehow did not obscure her vision, despite its apparent thickness. "What were you saying?"

"Well...It seems you, under the influence of the Void, caused a number of girls to have accidents. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal, it goes against what we stand for here, but it was not you, rather the Void acting through you. The problem here is that you targeted more than just a couple of girls; your power was amplified by the Void, and you touched the entire student body of an all girls school." Seles spoke gently, as though trying to convince herself of something as she continued. "It's not your fault obviously, but you caused almost two hundred girls to have accidents simultaneously."

"Oh..."

"This event will no doubt bring unwanted attention on this city, we will likely have to relocate sooner than we planned. I'm afraid the even was more than just a mass wetting. No doubt by using your Gift you have caused numerous accidents over the years, but what happened yesterday was different, the Gifts are of Control, but the power that you wielded was of the Void. The Void entered those girls, not just the contents of your bladder, the Void overwhelmed their Control. Every person is different, some have more of Control in them, and others have more of the Void, but when each of those girls were overwhelmed by the Void, many of them lost the Control they had.

The scout I sent to investigate has reported that many of the girls are now unable to control their bladders. They have lost Control, this will only serve to strengthen the Void, so this is a huge blow to our efforts against the void. The scout I sent was upset about the outcome, that was the conversation that likely woke you earlier." Seles grew more and more animated, she did not seem particularly angry, but rather desperate for Sarah to understand something.

"I-I'm sorry." Sarah was slightly overwhelmed by all the information that was just thrust upon her, but she still felt like she had disappointed Seles in some way, despite the woman's friendly tone.

"Like I said, I do not blame you for this. I only blame the Void. What has been done, is done. We can only concern ourselves with what we will do moving forward. And as for that, I would like to speak with you about joining us here as a Daughter of the Gift. With your abilities, we can strike back at the Void two-fold."

"Seles....do you need to pee?" Sarah asked rather suddenly

"I-uh what?" Seles was clearly caught off guard, but Sarah finally realized what had been bothering her.

The mist was still swirling around Seles, but right where Sarah imagined her bladder would be there was a light. The light was glowing rather brightly, and once Sarah noticed the light it was too distracting to simply ignore. As she continued to stare at it, the light seemed to take on a shape, it wasn't a shape Sarah recognized, but she still felt sure it was Seles' bladder. The light was almost full, with just a little bit of empty space left at the top.

"Well," Sarah started, tilting her head in confusion. "I'm not completely sure, but I think I can see your bladder, and it looks just about full."

"I-That's impossible, I mean I know your power seems unusual, but...Tell me exactly what you see." Seles looked uncertain now.

As Sarah tried to explain exactly what she could see, Seles' face barely betrayed any emotion, but Sarah could see in her visible eye that she was surprised, shocked even.

"It's exactly as you say, there's no doubt then, you have a Seeker's eyes. That makes you a Seeker, as well as a Conduit. I'll have to do more research on this subject, and perhaps see if you have any other Gifts as well. Ah!" Seles cut herself off and bent forward. According to what Sarah saw, there was no longer any empty space in Seles' light; her bladder was completely full.

"Are you okay? Shouldn't you go to the bathroom before you have an accident?"

"No no, I'm okay. I had one of our Sealers place a seal on me. All the girls here undergo this type of training regularly. It is designed to increase our capacity, and thereby our Control. I will make sure to have the seal removed before it becomes dangerous, but for now I have trained my self to maintain composure under such circumstances, as would be necessary in battle."

"I see..." Sarah was used to her bladder being uncomfortably full, but she still couldn't imagine anyone going through that discomfort for some sort of training. Even after everything she had seen and heard since coming to this place, Sarah couldn't help but still feel skeptical about everything these people seemed to believe.

Good versus Evil, Light versus Dark, this sort of thing doesn't actually exist does it? Sarah thought to herself. But these powers are definitely real, and these people sure seem to know a lot more about them than I do.

"Sarah." Seles started speaking once more with her usual air of importance. "I will not ask you to swear yourself to our sisterhood today, but I would ask that you return here with Aiwren so that you might learn our history and understand our cause. During that time I hope that we may learn the extent of your unique powers and perhaps you will come to fight alongside us as well."

"Oh-uh sure...I want to learn about my powers too. I guess I can come here after school again some time."

"Splendid." Seles moved towards the door and gestured for Sarah to do the same. "I have duties I must see to. Feel free to look around here if you wish, Aiwren should be here somewhere. Otherwise I do hope to see you again soon."

"Goodbye then, Seles."

"Farewell," Seles paused and turned back towards Sarah. "One final thing, if I may. I realize you are in a rather unique situation, because you are unable to pee, the only way you can relieve yourself is by filling another. Generally, such practices are frowned upon by our order; especially in the case of Founts, who fill others with small amounts of the Void itself. I realize you are a Conduit, but there is still a saying we have: 'Cherish the pain of holding, for it shall bring you closer to Control, but the uncontrolled release feeds only the Void.' I would ask that when you transfer your urine to another, you do not fill them to the point of having an accident."

"I can try." Sarah responded, noncommittally.

"Hmmm, I suppose that is all I can ask for." And with that, Seles swept away down the hall.

Sarah turned back towards where she thought the entrance to this building was, and began walking. After two dead-ends and a stairway that lead only to an empty room, Sarah finally had to admit that she was lost in the building she had previously thought of as small. Giving up on her quest for the exit, Sarah decided it would be faster to find someone who could tell her how to get out of this place. The only problem was Sarah hadn't seen another living soul since she parted with Seles. Sarah returned to her wandering, but this time she opened every unlocked door she came to, hoping there would be someone inside, but to no avail. All the doors Sarah tried either led to deserted rooms, or more doors. Finally, Sarah opened an old worn wooden door that appeared to contain some sort of exercise room. Sarah was relieved to hear the sounds of someone inside, so she stepped into the room, eager to get on her way.

"Ha...ha...ah" There was a girl, about Sarah's height, but with short cropped brown hair, she was currently ferociously attacking a punching bag. After several more punches and a devastating kick, the girl spotted Sarah in the mirrors that coated the back wall of the room. As the punching bag still swayed ominously, the girl turned towards Sarah, with the same scowl she had while she was fighting imaginary opponents.

"Uh, Hi" Sarah nervously spoke to the unfriendly looking girl. "I'm a bit lost, and I was wondering if you could tell me how to get out of this place."

"You don't belong here." The girl's frightening attitude showed no sign of lightening.

"Oh, sorry if I was interrupting you, I wasn't trying to go into restricted areas, but, like I said, I'm lost."

"You don't belong here." The girl repeated. "In this building, this place is meant for those who fight the Void. All you've done since you arrived is help the Void, and destroy the lives of those two hundred girls."

Sarah finally realized that she recognized this girl's voice, she had been the one arguing with Seles when Sarah woke up. It seemed like she still blamed Sarah for what she had done the night before.

"I'm sorry for whatever it was that happened, but that wasn't my fault, Seles said..."

"Oh I know very well what Seles said. She said what she had to say, that she will overlook the atrocities you committed so she can make use of your abilities." The girl had her hands clenched into fists, and Sarah found herself backing up as the girl slowly walked towards her.

"Maybe I should go." Sarah was becoming uncomfortable with this angry looking girl, and it was obvious that she wasn't interested in helping Sarah.

The girl ignored Sarah's words and continued her approach.

"What makes you so special, huh? You nearly get taken by the Void and suddenly you're her favorite? You help the Void destroy people's lives, and you get praised for it? IT"S NOT FAIR!"

The girls sudden shouting startled Sarah and caused her to flinch as she backed up into the wall. There was no where left for her to retreat, there were a couple of doors along the wall, but Sarah couldn't remember which one she had entered through.

"WHY SHOULD YOU GET TO LIVE BUT MY FAMILY HAVE TO DIE? WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE IF MY SISTER IS DEAD?"

Sarah stood frozen as the girl in front of her continued to rage; in fact, it wasn't just Sarah that was frozen. The mist that had been gently swirling around the room as usual had gone completely still. Sarah watched as the mist surrounding the other girl was suddenly repelled, leaving the girl standing in an open area, devoid of the mist.

"THE VOID TOOK MY FAMILY AWAY FROM ME. I'LL DESTROY IT, STARTING WITH ANYONE WHO SERVES THE VOID." The girl was still shouting, but it sounded as though all the emotion had left her voice. She looked at Sarah, her eyes had turned completely white, and she showed a sinister smile as she continued speaking. "Someone like you."

Sarah lurched back instinctively as the other girl lunged forward towards her. Sarah had watched the girl train with the punching bag earlier, if it came down to a direct fight, Sarah would surely lose. Sarah continued to back away, keeping a close eye on the girl, Sarah eyed the doors that were now on the other side of her opponent.

"You are an evil creature, you should be killed before you can do more harm." The girl's voice no longer sounded like her own, perhaps it was due to the complete absence of emotion.

Sarah could only think of one way to fight the girl, so she immediately threw all of the liquid in her bladder at the girl, but something stopped it short. Sarah could still feel the liquid in her bladder, but when she tried to fill the girl's bladder, something got in the way, a barrier of some kind.

Another smile appeared on the approaching girl's face. "Oh, didn't you know? I'm a shield. You won't be able to win like that." The girl lunged at Sarah again. This time, Sarah wasn't quite as fast with her dodging. A hardened fist caught Sarah in the side, and she went tumbling away from the impact, unsteadily regaining her feet. Sarah was grasping her side, but the pain was deadened by the adrenalin pounding through her system. This girl was actually trying to kill her.

Just what have I gotten myself into? Sarah thought to herself as she tried to circle back towards one of the doors without making her intentions obvious.

"I'm sorry for whatever happened to your family, but I had nothing to do with that." Sarah desperately tried to reason with the girl who had now planted herself firmly between Sarah and the doors. "I came here to help you fight the Void, you don't have to do this."

"We don't need your help. An abomination like you should just DIE." The girl aimed a kick at Sarah's head, and Sarah felt the foot barely pass over the top of her head as she scrambled on all fours past the girl. Sarah abandoned all pretense, and turned her back on the other girl as she ran for the nearest door and yanked on the handle. The door did not open.

"Huh?" Sarah tried again, but no matter which way she pushed or pulled the door, it would not open. There was no visible lock or keyhole on the door, but something was holding it shut.

"Hahahaha." An eerie laugh filled the room, a laugh devoid of emotion. "Do you still not understand the situation? Let me enlighten you."

Sarah cried out as she was slammed against the door from behind. A vice like grip gripped her neck from behind, and Sarah was dragged back towards the center of the room.

"You are an unwanted abomination; so you must die."

Sarah's vision was still blurry, and as her sight sharpened, she saw her attacker retrieving what looked like a wooden sword from a cabinet in one corner of the room. Sarah struggled to rise, but she barely managed to sit up before she was thrown back to the ground. The girl mounted Sarah's chest and pressed the sword against Sarah's throat.

Sarah coughed and chocked as she struggled to draw breath. Her vision grew blurry once again as her brain was deprived of oxygen, or was it because the mists seemed to grow thicker? The mist looked like they were swirling faster than before, they seemed to be spinning around the room.

As Sarah lay staring at the ceiling, the spinning mists made her almost forget that she was dying. Sarah supposed that must be what this feeling was; it didn't feel so bad. The pain in her side was all but gone, and she was feeling warm now. The edges of her vision were going dark, but she could still see the mists spinning above her, she liked watching them, at least they would be with her when she died. No, you have to keep going, a voice seemed to whisper in Sarah's ear. Why? Sarah asked herself, what was the point in struggling when it would be so much easier to just fall asleep. Sarah's eyelids started to droop as she stared at the mists. She wished she could touch them, before the end came. Why can't I? Sarah wondered, and when no voice answered, Sarah reached out and touched the mists, not with her hands, but she touched them all the same.

The mists were warm, Sarah was starting to feel cold now, so she pulled some of the warm mists inside of her. The mists shone from inside her, it was so bright. Sarah felt pain now, why did it hurt? Wasn't it all over already? She needed to pee, it hurt so much now. There was a girl on top of her, so Sarah tried to push some of the light into her, not too much, Sarah wanted to stay warm. Something stopped the light, the girl was completely dark, no light at all inside of her. Sarah felt an overwhelming sadness for the girl.

Desperate to help, Sarah threw all of her light at the girl, it wouldn't go through. Sarah was getting cold again. Sarah tried one last time, she could feel the liquid light from her bladder desperately trying to enter the other girl, Sarah continued to push with everything she had, until she finally felt something give way. The light streamed into the other girl, she was glowing beautifully now, Sarah collapsed back happy. Sarah was almost dark now, she just needed to close her eyes and drift away.

"NOOOO!" A loud scream startled Sarah back to her senses, the fact that she was even alive surprised Sarah. As she struggled to come to grips with the situation she realized there was a heavy weight on her lower body. Sarah propped herself up on her elbows and a wooden sword clattered to the ground from where it had lay upon Sarah's neck. Staring at the girl who had come very close to killing her, Sarah watched as the girl kneeled on Sarah's legs, with both hands thrust between her legs, and a wet spot on her grey sweat pants.

"Control is absolute, there is no room for weakness." The girl's voice still sounded inhuman, but it was now tinged with emotion and desperation.

Sarah watched as the mists that had previously been held back at a great distance from the girl, slowly crept back, twisting through the air. Until finally, the mist touched her. The girl cried out again, and Sarah felt her own crotch become soaked with warm wetness as the girl lost control on top of Sarah. The girl's pants became significantly darker and wetter as she continued peeing for more than a minute, Sarah lay still while she became soaked by the other girl's pee, weak from her near death experience and unsure if she was still in danger from the peeing girl. Once the stream of urine finally stopped the girl collapsed, apparently unconscious. Sarah slid out from under the girl and rose to unsteady feet, despite almost dying, she seemed to be in fairly good shape. Her side stung a bit where she had been struck, but Sarah made it to the door that refused to open before without any problem. Trying the door again, Sarah was surprised to see that the door now swung open easily.

"Sarah? I didn't know you were still here. Are you okay?" It was Aiwren, looking concerned. "I heard shouts, but the door wouldn't open, and why are you all wet?" Aiwren looked down at Sarah's soaked pants.

"It's a long story." Sarah felt relieved she had found someone who was less likely to attack her. "Basically that girl over there went crazy and attacked me, but I managed to stop her somehow."

"Wha-" Aiwren looked shocked, she glanced passed Sarah at the unconscious girl laying in a yellow puddle. "Elizabeth? Really? And you were able to beat her? But why would she attack you?"

"I'm not really sure what happened, but I don't think she was herself. At first she was just angry at me because of what I did with the Void, but then she changed. I think something took control of her and tried to kill me."

"We should tell Seles about this, and you should see a doctor to make sure you're alright, there's a doctor close by, I can take you there, oh and I should have someone check on Elizabeth too." Aiwren spoke quickly, obviously shaken by the recent events.

"Slow down Aiwren, everything's going to be fine." Sarah found it odd to be comforting the someone else when she herself had almost died, but Aiwren was obviously more distraught than Sarah was. "Why don't you go get Seles...Ah but before you do that, can you show me the way out of here? That's what I was looking for when I stumbled upon Elizabeth here."

"Oh, of course...but wait, you shouldn't leave now. You need to see Seles, and you should rest."

"I'm fine, really. And I already stayed out all night yesterday, I should go home before my mom starts freaking out. You just tell Seles what happened, and make sure Elizabeth is alright. And I'll talk to you tomorrow, hopefully Seles will have some answers before then."

"Ah...okay then. I'll show you the exit." Aiwren was obviously less than happy about Sarah's plan, but she wasn't willing to argue it further.

"Thanks" Sarah followed Aiwren down several twisting hallways, through a number of doors, and around several corners until they finally arrived in front of the entrance Sarah remembered.

After another short farewell, Sarah walked through the door, and soon found herself back outside. She took a deep breath before wincing and grabbing her injured side. It wasn't a terrible wound, but it would probably leave a nasty bruise.

Sarah made her way back to the train station, before she realized why it seemed like people were looking at her funny. Sarah looked down and remembered that her pants were badly stained from the accident Elizabeth had. Sarah wished she had asked Aiwren for a change of pants before leaving, now it looked like Sarah had peed herself. Sarah blushed as another group of girls passed, obviously noticing Sarah's apparent accident. It had been so long since Sarah had been able to have accidents, she had forgotten how embarrassing it could be.

Sarah tried to distract herself from the attention her wet pants were attracting, she watched as the mists twirled and danced through the air. It was a shame most people would never see them, they were quite beautiful. People didn't even disturb the mist, it just continued to flow normally, no matter how people moved. Except for Sarah that is; she swept her arm through the mists, lazily tracing a pattern in them. A train pulled into the station, it wasn't Sarah's, so she went back to looking around.

Sarah spotted something strange on the far side of the station, across several sets of tracks. The mist seemed to be pulsing, it would compress for half a second, and then it would expand again. This pattern continued several times in the minute that Sarah was watching. After the train pulled away, and Sarah could see clearly to the other side of the tracks, Sarah saw a person standing in the middle of the mists that were behaving so strangely. It looked like a girl, but she was wearing some kind of hood and she was too far away for Sarah to see clearly. Sarah stepped forward, nearing the edge of the station, trying to get a clearer look at the girl. Sarah saw the girl smile, it looked like she was looking at Sarah. The girl raised one of her hands to her mouth and nod. Sarah took another half step towards the girl and open her mouth slightly in her curiosity.

Two arms wrapped roughly around Sarah, but before she could scream, another hand pressed a damp rag up against her mouth and nose. Sarah smelled some sort of chemical as her body went numb and her mind grew hazy. Before she lost consciousness completely, she felt her assailants lay her gently down, and the last thing she saw was the mist swirling as it was traced through the air in strange patterns by every move these unfamiliar individuals made.

"We've got her, we're coming back now."

*048*2014-11-03 14:16

{{: 

YOU sir, are quite the tale-weaver. I eagerly await the next installment!!!!!

}}

Thanks for saying so.

My only concern is that these past couple chapters, and maybe the next ones too (I'm not really sure yet), focus less on omorashi and more on other aspects of the story. Hopefully it's enough to keep people interested
