Lucy's Diary

Author: Piddly

*000*2019-09-11 18:37

Hiya guys!

If any of you have been following @Piddly

's story, you’ll probably know who I am. But for those of you who don’t, my name is Lucy and I’m 11 years old. I’m right at the very end of my last year at primary school, and I can’t wait to finish and go to the big school with my new friend Ellie. I’ve had a pretty embarrassing week so far, but I’ve also met my first boyfriend, and my Mum’s got herself a new fella too - Graham, that’s his name, he’s also Ellie’s Dad. It’s all a bit complicated, but if you have a read of the story you’ll soon pick it up.

Sorry, I’m getting ahead of myself a bit there! You’re probably all wondering what a character out of a story is doing here, aren’t you? Well, Piddly keeps telling me off for butting in, and he told me to go and write in a diary or something instead of interrupting his story all the time, so here I am. I think he meant like a proper written diary, but then nobody would ever get to see it, and you all seemed to like what I had to say so I thought why not do it here instead. Anyway, I said his story, but it’s my story really, so why shouldn’t I be allowed to tell it my own way?

I’m gonna try and write something every day if I can, but I can’t promise. You see, I need to use Piddly’s laptop to get on here, so I’ll only get the chance when he leaves it lying around, or if he goes to bed early, and even then only if none of the others are looking.

Keep an eye on my diary if you want to find out all of the best secrets, the things I’m not allowed to tell anybody and even ### shhhhh ### the things that Piddly doesn’t even know.

Don’t forget to check back later guys to find out what I’ve been up to today.

Lots of love, Lucy D x x x

*004*2019-09-11 20:40

Hi again everyone.

Wow, what a weekend it’s been! Sorry, this is just a bit of a recap more than anything - I've probably already told you most things when I've 'butted in' to @Piddly

's story . Since I'm not supposed to do that any more though, I'll be able to tell you a lot more here than I ever could on there. He's going to have his work cut out now keeping up with his own story!

After such a horrible week, where I not only had an ‘accident’ in school which I know you all read about, I also wet my bed for the first time in, like, forever which was super embarrassing, my weekend really couldn’t have been better.

We had a really cool sleepover at my friend Emily’s for her birthday, and loads of us stayed over. There was Emily - obviously, Me, Becky, Dan, - I’ll tell you more about him real soon - Katie, Laura and Danielle, but she only stayed for half of it in the end - just you wait until you hear why.

So first we spent ages at the park, which was really good fun. Sometimes I think I’m a bit too old to play at the park anymore, but there were loads of us together so we could play games and stuff. I had a bit of a disaster though, Becks and Em convinced me to go for a sneaky wee behind a bush, but it all went wrong and I ended up weeing all in my jeans, which was horrible. I didn’t, like, have an accident and wet myself or anything, but I’ve never had a wee outside before and it just went EVERYWHERE, really gross and soooooo embarrassing. Em and Becks saw It happen, and we had to tell Dan so he could help hide it from the others. But then Lisa, Em’s Mum found out too, and I felt like such a baby. She was cool though and helped me, which was sweet.

Let me tell you about Dan quickly. He’s this boy from my class at school, and he’s really, really cute. I didn’t even know him until last week, when I had my little ‘accident’ at school (which I REALLY don’t want to talk about, EVER AGAIN!), but I think I’ve fallen in love with him. He’s so lovely, and he really stood up for me when other kids were giving me a hard time. I found out the reason at the weekend, we’re not supposed to tell anybody but I know I can trust you guys, you see Dan still wets his bed sometimes, so he knows how embarrassing it can be to have an accident, and I think that’s why he helped me. He told us all at the weekend, because he didn’t want to hide it anymore, but in the end it wasn’t him who ended up wetting the bed at the sleepover!

You know I said Danielle had to go home early? Well, I’m going to tell you all a REAL big secret now, but you’ve got to promise that you won’t tell anybody else, ok? You see, Danielle can sometimes be pretty mean and a bit of a bully. She’s our friend, but I don’t know why, sometimes she’s a bit nasty. She was being horrible at Emily’s, and then the next morning she had gone, and nobody knew what had happened. Turns out, after being mean to Becky when she admitted to wetting herself during truth or dare, Danielle then wet her bed! Can you believe it?? We’ve not seen her since, and because I’m not supposed to know I can’t say anything to her about it of course, but in a way I’m glad it happened, because maybe now she’ll learn that sometimes accidents happen and it’s not fair to make fun of people because of it.

Anyway, back to the story. After we’d been to the park, and before we played truth or dare, we went in Em’s Mum’s hot tub! That was AMAZING, I’ve never been in one before, but I can’t wait to have another go. It was just like being in a bath, lovely and hot, but with bubbles too. I wish we had a hot tub at home, maybe Mum will buy one?

Probably the biggest thing that happened to me over the weekend though was that I met a girl called Ellie. If you were paying attention when I started my diary, you’ll know that Graham’s her Dad, and he’s mum’s new boyfriend. They all met at DinoLand where Mum had taken my annoying little brother Jack and his friend, whilst I was at Em’s. Ellie’s a couple of years older than me, and goes to the high school I’m starting in September, but she’s sooooo cool. It’s funny really, she’s older than me but we get on so well, it’s like we’re the same age. I’m actually at her house now whilst I’m writing this, she went to the toilet but she’s been gone a really long time now. I’ll let you know the next time I write what she was doing, unless it’s something disgusting like having a number 2, then I won’t, haha.

I don’t know what’s been going on the past few days, but as well as what I’ve already told you, and what happened to me at school, I’m fairly sure my Mum had an accident at the petrol station earlier today when I made her laugh too hard, and then when we got here Jack wet himself all over Graham’s porch too! It’s really weird, and quite awkward. Ellie was telling me some really strange things too…interesting, but definitely strange. I’m going to talk to her some more about it all when she comes back, then maybe I’ll be able to tell you a few of them tomorrow? I’m sworn to secrecy, but so long as you lot promise not to tell then I’m sure it’ll be fine. But, if Ellie ever asks you, I’ve not said a word, got it?

Ooh, here she comes. Ah, she’s wearing her pyjamas now for some reason, I wonder why? Sorry, I’ve gotta go, but I’ll be back soon, and I’ll see if I can find out what’s going on so I can tell you all.

Night night everyone.

Lucy D x x x

Ps. @Melificentfan

& @Ishigreensa

, wow what a fantastic idea! Although I guess some of it is a bit personal and private, and I'm probably gonna tell you some things about Ellie here too. Hmm, let me have a think about it, and I may see what she things too.

*007*2019-09-11 22:29

@Barry

I haven't a clue myself!

I'm guessing it must be hidden or something, as my post count and up votes etc. haven't gone down as I assume they would if it had been deleted for some reason. Although it no longer appears in my recent activity section.

I've got a direct link saved in my favourites, and that doesn't work either.

Update - I asked over on Discord, and Kozmo mentioned they're just looking it over currently, due to the nature of the story.

I'm hoping all is OK, but just in case there's anything amiss or that they're not happy with, I'll hold off adding to this little side story too until I have some feedback.

*014*2019-09-19 11:03

Thanks guys, it really does mean a lot that so many of you are missing the story, I can't believe just how many people were so invested in it! And thanks to those of you who have reached out to me privately too.

I submitted a support request, so I've asked there whether there's any update or not, to save a further public debate as I think that's rather been done to death already, with the only concensus being that everybody's views are different (speaking as Brit...kind of reminds me of Brexit ).

I must stress though that I know Maki and Kozmo are incredibly busy, and reading through 150k+ of my waffle, plus the literally hundreds of responses too, really is no small undertaking. Given the nature of the concerns raised I'd much rather know that everything is above board than not, so I think it's a case of it will take as long as it takes to get a decision, and that's perfectly understandable and absolutely fine.

Thanks again for your continued support.

*016*2019-09-28 20:57

Hi Everybody,

Just a quick update, as quite a few who were following the story have contacted me directly both on here and also a couple of other forums I'm a member of, and I thought it would be easier to just post once rather than trying to respond to everybody each time I receive a message.

So I I spoke to Kozmo a few days ago over on Discord, and she's confirmed that the story is still pending review, purely due to the volume of text which needs to be read - fair enough!

So for those who were worried, it's not dead and I very much hope to be able to pick up where I left off at some point in the not too distant future. I'm not able to resume yet though, even elsewhere, as I don't have any of the most recent 100 or so chapters to refer back to, and if I'm totally honest I really don't have the heart to start again from scratch - this damned thing took up practically 2 months of my life as it is, which considering we were less than a week into the story is some going!

Thank you all of you for your continued support, you really will never know just how much it means to me. Waking up each day to messages and enquiries where you've tracked me down to other places warms my heart and reassures me that despite some understandable concerns from some quarters, I must have been doing something right.

As promised, I'll keep you all posted and hope to be back soon. x

*021*2019-09-29 09:26

Blimey, thanks guys, you're making me blush now!

I share all of your frustration, believe me I do, but at the same time having had some less than pleasant experiences myself as a minor I'm glad that the site staff take a positive, pro-active stance to anything that may be considered dubious or to have crossed a line, and whilst it's irritating at the end of the day it's only a minor inconvenience (probably far less of an inconvenience to me and you guys than it is to poor Kozmo, who has to read through basically the first couple of Harry Potter books on a subject she likely has little interest in!)

The question of what we consider to be acceptable or not, I think we'd all agree, something that's always going to be a matter of personal morals, and something that will vary wildly from one member to the next. It's been debated at some length over in the suggestions forum and on the Discord server in the Contributors channel too, so if anybody has a differing view to those already expressed (or wishes to elaborate on the points already made) please do so, it's ben a lively and informative debate and has opened my eyes to may differing viewpoints, some of which I'll hold my hands up and admit I'd never considered before.

@tevoka

I'm absolutely blown away that somebody thought so much of my musings that they kept a backup! Wow!! If you wouldn't mind sending me a copy of what you have, that would be much appreciated. I've got probably the first 25 or so chapters, but nothing much after that, only rough notes - the good news though is that I think I've got most of Lucy's little interventions. Still hoping that I won't have to piece it all back together again of course, but would be great to have a copy of at least most of it, if only to show what I spent 2 months of my life doing!

*023*2019-10-04 20:02

@Ishigreensa

Thank you as ever for your continued, unwavering support, it's greatly appreciated. And of course to everybody else who has followed my story from the beginning, or found it along the way, and enjoyed what I've written.

You're right, in line with the new policy changes, it wouldn't be considered to be appropriate here. There's been quite. lengthy debate over on the suggestions forum, where lots of different points of view have been aired. If you fancy a read, you can find it here -

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/52776-fetishizing-children-is-bad-mmkay/?do=embed"

Ultimately this wasn't the outcome I was hoping for as you may expect, but given how the discussion went I can fully understand why this decision has been taken, and whilst I may not like it I do find myself having to agree that it's perhaps for the best. It will of course affect quite a lot of stories, not just mine, which is sad for the authors and the fans of their work, but perhaps it's better than the alternative given some of the views expressed.

I've copied my response to Maki's update below - I'll let you all know if and when he manages to find a way of getting a full backup for me, and in anticipation I'm already working on somewhere to host it and, with permission, I'll share a link too.

{{2 hours ago, Piddly said:

Thank you for providing that update @Maki

.

Whilst it's not what I was hoping the outcome would be, I fully understand the reasons behind it, and if I'm totally honest given the direction this particular thread has taken it doesn't really surprise me. On balance, despite not being the side of the debate that I was on, I think it's probably the safest outcome and leaves little room for ambiguity in the future.

I don't have a full backup copy of my Forgotten Homework story unfortunately, only some partial extracts which other members have been kind enough to provide. I realise give the length it's probably quite a challenge, so don't worry I wouldn't expect anything to happen quickly, but if you are able to find a way of allowing to have a copy of the thread then that would be greatly appreciated.

I'll be honest, given writing fiction of that nature is one of the primary reasons for me joining here, I'll probably have to see whether I can find a place where there's an audience for such works and where they are considered acceptable to share. Don't worry, I'll of course be sticking around here to, as aside from my own writing I do enjoy many of the debates and discussions, but what would the stance be on me sharing an external link to the new home for my story if/when I find somewhere? As I know it had a large number of followers on here. (to clarify, given there aren't many communities where this would probably fit, it may be that I'll look to host it privately on it's own blog/site, so I wouldn't be looking to share a link to another forum to take users away from here.)

Thanks again for the time that I know has gone into this.

}}

