Problems for the 7's (Valkyria Chronicles Fanfic)

Author: Qrogan

*000*2015-11-18 00:53

Hey everyone. This is my first ever fanfic. I've worked really hard on this and I'm really looking forward to writing more for you guys! Post any suggestions in the comments and please do enjoy my story. You can learn much more about the lore by playing the game. For those who know the plot, I'm keeping Isara alive because of two things: She's my favorite character in the game and I didn't want her to die, and two, after Mulberry, if she survives, she would be perfect for the omorashi role depending on where I decide the shot is placed.

This fanfic starts during the Mulberry Incident, Chapter 11 in the game.

Chapter 1: The Mulberry Incident

Isara had been up all night last night working on the final touches of the smokescreen she was presenting today. When she looked at the clock to see how much time she had to reach the briefing, she was already 5 minutes late! Isara rushed down the hallways to reach the briefing to present her idea in time. Once she got there Rosie was complaining about how she didn't have 'nine lives' and that they didn't stand a chance on the beaches. Isara walked in when her brother noticed her. Welkin and the others had been wondering where Isara had gone off to because she hadn't gotten to the briefing yet. Isara presented her invention, the smokescreen. It would create a cloud of smoke where it hit, and blind the enemy guns so they could get past harmlessly. Zaka, having a small light tank, his Shamrock, could not load the smoke shells, his tank barrel was too small to hold it.

Isara had been dealing with minor stress incontinence and since she could wash her own clothes when things got out of hand, things stayed discreet. Lucky her she had only had accidents alone, and she'd been piloting the Edelweiss in many battles before. She was confident she could make it through, even though it seemed as if it was getting worse with every battle. The separation at Kloden had really made problems for her. She didn't know why and the doctors said it's completely normal and ok, but she was worried about being found out. Rosie of all people would make fun of her, since Rosie has some kind of hate for Darcsens. That would change after Mulberry, but no one knew that yet.

As Isara was loading the Edelweiss with the smokescreen ammo, Alicia came up to see what was up. "Hey Isara." someone told her. Isara turned around to see Alicia standing behind her. "Oh, hi Alicia." Isara told her, still loading the Edelweiss. "How's loading the tank going? Need help?" Alicia asked politely, "No thanks, but thanks Alicia." Isara said as she turned back around to put the last shell into the tank. Isara felt a familiar pain in her bladder. She had to go to the restroom. She still had plenty of time to do that, so she decided to do that. She didn't want to have to explain to Marina why there was a uniform and a wet pair of panties on a hanging rack again.

She hated that she had stress incontinence. It reduced the things she could do at a time. If Isara did too many things at once, she might have an accident. She had this feeling in her gut that it wasn't just stress incontinence and the doctor was hiding something from her.

As Isara was loading the Edelweiss into a landing craft to be taken to Mulberry by the Navy, her brother Welkin was standing next to Alicia, talking about something. Isara didn't want to interrupt their conversation, so she just sat on the tank and waited for the navy men to tell her they were all getting on to depart. With all that was going on, Isara thought just maybe, maybe the Navy would help out on the beaches and her smokescreen would be useless, and her brilliant idea would've gone to waste. Isara really wanted to fly with Welkin. Welkin had said he wanted to fly like the birds, and Isara spent her free time building an airplane to do just that.

Tension onboard the ship was rising and everyone was getting nervous about the battle ahead of them. Welkin was worried about Isara and not being able to relay orders to the squad, something that he ended up doing very nicely. Isara was just prepping the tanks for battle when her brother came up. "Hey Is." Isara turned around to see her brother, just trying to make smalltalk. "Hey Welks." That's what they called each other. Welkin and Isara just kept on with smalltalk until Isara excused herself for the restroom... Again. Once Isara got out one of the crewmen informed her that the squad was getting ready to make the landing.

Everyone was ready to land and the squad members selected to go were ready and in the right place. The ramps went down and Isara rolled the Edelweiss on the right with the Shamrock on the left. The infantry were behind the tanks when the first smoke round flew into the sand, blinding the enemy emplacements so that the squad could rush past to take the first camp. Jane was shot in the leg and had to be retreated to camp. Hanes replaced her and mowed down the imperial resistance with Rosie and Largo. The lancers and shocktroopers with Welkin on the left turn of the fork inland were also doing well.

While the other troops moved up to the Imperial strongpoint, Welkin alongside Zaka were sniping the vulnerable emplacements with their tank cannons, to much avail. Isara loaded another smokescreen into the Edelweiss and blinded the invulnerable emplacements while Zaka provided cover fire. The tanks, on a ledge, because they were stopped after the beach by a roadblock and trenches, were proving quite useful. That was until Rosie found herself in some trouble after the smokescreen died off.

Rosie was right between the two gun emplacements when she dropped the good luck charm Isara had given her during the Feast celebration, right before they left off for the landing. Rosie, not wanting to lose the doll, because it was special to her for some reason, ducked down to grab it as another smokescreen hit and a 50. cal bullet zipped just inches above her head. "Wow, that really IS a good luck charm!" Rosie exclaimed to herself as she looked at the doll that saved her life. She ran past the emplacements to catch up and the demolitions team cleared the roadblock so the tanks could pass after Mulberry was secured.

Isara hopped out of the tank to make small talk with her brother when Rosie approached Isara with the doll she had made her. "You... kept it?" asked Isara with a bright face. "Yeah.. You saved my life out there. I owe you. What do you want?" Rosie asked Isara most sincerely. "I want to hear you sing Rosie. I want to hear you sing." Isara replied with a smile. "It's a deal." Rosie said, sticking her hand out to shake Isara's. Isara took Rosie's hand when a noise suddenly echoed, a sniper gunshot. Isara fell to the ground as Rosie held off the counterattack with the others in shock. Once the Imperials fled, Rosie called the medic and Welkin and Isara were having small talk, but any talk mattered a lot right now to all the 7's.

Isara had been in shock. The bullet went right through her gut, and it hurt a great deal. She continued to talk to Welkin about flying and how she wanted to fly with him so much while everyone pulled out as much Ragnaid they could to try and keep Isara alive and listened very closely to what she was telling her brother. The medic soon arrived and got enough Ragnaid on Isara to get her to the hospital to get her patched up. All the 7's could really do now was only hope Isara would live on to see another day and that she would be okay.

*002*2015-11-18 02:35

Why thank you. I'm glad you liked it. I worked quite hard on it. I'll be posting the next chapter hopefully tomorrow. I was actually crying to my own story when I made this chapter because no matter what that part always makes me cry.

The Mulberry Incident in the game and this fanfic is much more meaningful if you understand how much Rosie absolutely hated Isara b/c she's darcsen, and Rosie had outright refused the doll in front of Isara earlier that day b/c Isara was a darcsen. Darcsens are like jews in europa basically. Mistreated and enslaved in Fouzen or living poor lives. (unless you're Isara, she lives with Welkin who is the son of a great general.) The year would be 1935 EU, which I can only guess converted to the real timeline of BCE would be around the time of the Holocaust.

*005*2015-11-18 19:53

{{: 

I think I'm only on chapter 6 >~<

This is rather well done, Valkyria Chronicles is everything I wanted Battalion Wars to be, so I do enjoy seeing a story of it on here! I definitely hope to read the next part!

}}

Wow! I'm really glad you're liking it! Chapter 7 is really hard, so just put your tank on the ledge and snipe off the turrets. Be sure to keep lancers loaded and try to hit all 3 cooling systems with a mortar. Also, once the boss is vulnerable, shoot it like all heck breaks loose, because it will. Selvaria goes Valkyria (you'll see.) and you can't kill her. Timed basically. She likes to stick with Maxi though.

I have also played both Battalion Wars games and I very much liked the similarity when I got Valkyria Chronicles. I'm currently working on Chapter two and I should be typing it real soon.

*007*2015-11-18 22:58

Chapter 2: Isara's 'Worst Case Scenario'

When Isara woke up in the hospital, still quite dreary from all that sleep, she was surprised to be in the hospital and then her gut hurt and she remembered. Where was Welkin and the others? Her question was answered when she saw them all sitting in the room with the nurses over her. "May I... get up?" she asked quietly. One of the nurses looked at her pitifully, and said "No, not yet. We're still analyzing the damage. It shouldn't be long now." and the nurse returned to analyzing the damage and applied more Ragnaid to ease the pain. Isara quickly fell back asleep, because the medical Ragnaid caused sleepiness due to strong dosage.

Rosie had been excessively worried about losing Isara ever since the Mulberry Incident, and didn't get any rest for it. She told Welkin about what Isara had done for her. "I don't know why I dove for the doll, but any reason, it saved my life." Rosie told Welkin, who was worried sick for his sister.

While Isara was in the hospital, Squad 7 was on leave and was off-duty no matter how hard the Army would try to get them back in action. A temporary tank driver wasn't going to pass with the 7's, not while Isara was alive.

Isara woke up about 5 hours later, and something felt... icky. Not just any icky either, like the kind you get from wetting. Isara decided the try and get up, but the nurses put her back down told her it was okay. Did the nurses really disregard she needed the restroom to get cleaned up? "I need to go to the rest-" Isara was interrupted by the nurse who whispered in her ear "You're fine. We've got you protected." Wait what? The nurses had her in diapers? "It can't have been that bad.." Isara stated, confused. The nurse gave Isara a detailed report of the damage, and it was actually that bad, actually worse. The bullet apparently ricocheted into her bowels as well, and therefore causing absolutely no control over her bladder or bowels.

Isara was very worried now, because this meant a multitude of problems. She's Darcsen, so if one of the other squad members sees her have an accident, it'll spread, and that would really suck for her and the other 7's. "Is the protection a permanent thing ma'am?" she asked, hoping to get a "no", but instead the nurse responded with "Yes Isara, they are, no amount of surgery or Ragnaid can fix torn tissue. Sorry." and her hopes were instantly broken. She wasn't getting out of diapers, and the nurses wouldn't allow it. But in the long run, Isara somewhat appreciated the fact that they did diaper her, because if they didn't she'd have a lot more than a wet pair of panties to explain. That didn't change the fact that it was really embarrassing. The nurse then changed her into something dry so she could sleep.

"When will I be able to leave this room?" Isara asked the nurse with some concern. "Tomorrow at 7:00, just an hour before breakfast." the nurse told her. Isara decided now to argue, it wouldn't change anything. She went back to sleep, and the nurse continued to finish Isara.

While the squad was waiting, Welkin got information that Squad 7 was assigned to taking Bruhl, and this would happen after Isara was back in action, obviously. Rosie decided she'd ask Welkin "So, uhm, Bruhl, you guys live there?". Welkin answered very thoroughly "Yeah, it's a nice place. I think it'll help morale if we take it back.". Rosie couldn't disagree to that, everyone was really down lately.

A day later, an hour before breakfast, Isara was dismissed to go see the rest of the squad. She still had diapers on, they weren't going away, but hopefully, the pants and skirt would hide any bulge that the diaper created. She didn't like referring to them as diapers, so she decided to call them medical undergarments. They were very silent, and the nurse had said it would absorb and hold a lot.

Once Isara reached the mess hall where everyone was at and found the 7's, she got a very warm welcome from everyone. Welkin, Rosie, Alicia, and the others were overjoyed to see Isara was back up and walking around. Welkin told Isara just how worried they were for her. Alicia and Rosie said about the same. After breakfast, her food wasn't agreeing well with her stomach. She decided to make a run for the restroom. Just after she got in the door she stopped. She couldn't help it, and her bladder gave first. The warm feeling didn't go anywhere, that was good. She tried to reach the toilet but after a few steps forward, her bowels gave in. The undergarments stretched as the poop suddenly filled them. Mortified, Isara knew that she'd have to figure out how she was going to get replacements, since she didn't bring her bag which had extras in it with her, it was in her room.

She ditched the diaper into the trashcan and made sure she didn't have anything else in her. Isara ran through the hallways to her room and got changed up. The nurse had been right, she was literally unable to control her bowels or bladder for normal amounts of time. When she had thrown the soiled undergarment into the Squad 7 restroom, she saw other, different undergarments than hers. Not like she had been looking for those, but now she knew she wasn't alone. But who was it wearing them? She'd wouldn't know for some time.

A few days later, Isara had to attend a meeting with the squad. They were reclaiming their hometown of Bruhl. That would help morale. She understood the plan, and she wanted to go, but she'd have to tell the others the situation. Would they laugh it off, or be just accept it like she did? She insisted on going, and the others were overjoyed to let her. If there was anyone who would take it seriously and not laugh it off, it was her brother.

Isara invited Welkin to her room, Alicia insisted on coming in to hear about it too, but she told her that it was a personal matter. Once Welkin got in she closed the door and Alicia went about her business. Isara sat down on her bed and Welkin asked "What's up Is?". Isara told him "I invited you here because there's something you really need to know." and she meant that fully. "So what's so important?" asked Welkin, quite interested now. Isara blushed a bit, and said "Well, the nurse put me in... the..-" Welkin interrupted and said he understood fully and knew exactly how it felt. "Is, I'm wearing them too. Ever since that blast at Kloden. Alicia has them too. I'm just glad you were able to tell me." he told her. "Thank you Welks for not laughing." she told him, blushing a little less now.

Alicia asked "So Welkin, what you guys talking about in there?" knowing Welkin was much more open about the topic. Welkin looked around to make sure no one was eavesdropping and said "She's got them now too." Alicia felt a little bad for Isara, it wasn't really the best thing that could happen in one's life.

The 7's rolled out for Bruhl to reclaim Isara, Welkin, and Alicia's hometown.

*009*2015-11-18 23:32

I'm glad you liked it. I'll try to get the next chapter out before the end of this week. :)

*012*2015-11-19 20:46

{{: 

I wasn't expecting that (the end), but it definitely is interesting! Keep up the good work!

}}

Well, I mean, Welkin and Alicia both were hit by a mortar and thrown down a cliff by an explosion. It was only reasonable to make them have incontinence too. I should have the next chapter out soon.

*014*2015-11-19 22:12

Chapter 3: Nightmares in the Tank

While on the move to reclaim their hometown of Bruhl, Isara thought about the situation. She got sniped in the gut and tissues controlling both her bladder and bowels were destroyed so she had to wear medical undergarments and couldn't control herself in those areas. She knew it would be a lifetime thing. The damage wouldn't just heal on it's own, and no amount of medical care could fix that. In the midst of her thinking, her brother, Welkin, asked her "Hey Is, I'm just wondering, did you bring extras? I think you'll need them. I've had it happen too." She blushed, but at least there was no one else in the tank and no one could hear what was going on inside of the tank. She smiled and said "Yes. I'm not planning on any heated changes though. It shouldn't be a problem. Don't worry Welks." With that, the tank continued to roll alongside the Shamrock, and the rest of the 7's followed the tanks to reclaim Bruhl.

While camping just outside of Bruhl, the night before retaking it, Isara was in her tent when she felt a buildup. It wouldn't last long, but the toilet was a few steps away. But that didn't change that she still couldn't hold it like that anymore. When she got up, she didn't even know she went until she felt her undergarments stretching. Warm mush filled them as her bladder emptied as well. She didn't even know she had to pee until she got warm around the groin as well. This wasn't the first time, but it was a nuisance she didn't particularly care for just yet. She got changed and trashed the soiled undergarments in the portable trash can and turned on a Ragnite lamp. She had learned that ragnite powered lamps would hide the smell and eliminate the odor of soiled undergarments. After that, she went back outside to see what the small talk was about when she saw Rosie sitting over by the Edelweiss.

Rosie walked up and said "Hey Isara. I know you want me to sing for you. Haven't got the chance yet. I was thinking maybe since we're all camping out here I could sing for you now." Isara had remembered over on Mulberry now. "Yes! I would love to hear you sing, I bet you're great." Isara decided she'd sit on the edge of the tank, it was pretty much her favorite thing other than her brother and the other 7's. Rosie went around to see who wanted to hear her perform for Isara. Everyone was there once Rosie was getting ready.

No one had ever heard Rosie sing before. It was going to be a treat for the entire squad. When people started hearing about why she was singing, everyone was in. So there they were, all of Squad 7, sitting down on a tank in front of Bruhl listening to Rosie sing a song. Rosie was a great singer. She sung at a bar before she joined the militia, she was quite popular there. But she didn't sing any of the classics. It was just for Isara. The whole squad was moved to tears. Even Rosie was crying when she finished. Everyone gave a round of applause.

Rosie was taken off guard when she felt a body collide with hers. It was Isara giving her a big hug. She decided it was only fair to hug back. "Hey Isara." Rosie said, still trying to figure out exactly what was going on it all happened so quickly. Isara looked up at her, and said "You did great Rosie. I'd love to hear you again sometime." Rosie looked back at Isara, and told her "Yeah, maybe I'll do it again sometime."

The next day Isara got ready and pitched her tent. Everyone took down camp to get ready to reclaim Bruhl. Once everyone was ready, Isara hopped into the Edelweiss with Welkin. Welkin gave the order to move out. The tanks rolled and the militia marched to Bruhl. Most of Bruhl had been destroyed or ransacked. It made the squad sick, how could the Imperials do this to such a small, tactically useless village? The march took an hour, and when they stopped, Isara decided to hop out and take a look. She was surprised to see just how bad it had gotten. The Mill was destroyed and the village was ransacked. Welkin began issuing squad members to their positions, this time everyone was in. No one got in the reserves. It was the squad at it's fullest taking back Bruhl.

Welkin hopped in the tank and gave out the order to move out and take back Bruhl. Isara moved the Edelweiss onwards on the left, while the Shamrock covered the right. That's when an Imperial tank destroyer round shook Isara's tank and was immobilized. The treads were destroyed. Welkin gave orders to return fire and Isara did just that. That's when she realized something was off. She was wet and she was sitting in a pile of mush. If it was just urine she wouldn't have a problem but it's never just 1 thing when she needs it to be.. She never planned on any heated changes, but lucky for her she had extras in the tank. Only problem was that they were in the smack middle of a combat encounter. Isara shouted out over the gunfire "Uhhh, Welks!" Welkin saw Isara "What's going on Is?" Isara loaded another round and shot the tank destroyer again to little avail.

Shouting over the gunfire again, she told him "Problem!" and Welkin realized this and gave himself a mental smack in the face. She had an accident IN the tank. This had happened to him before. He needed to give her time to get cleaned up and this was hard to do. Normally he would change afterwards but she had other problems. Welkin had the Shamrock take the tank destroyers flank with Rosie charging the tank to reach its rear. Isara fired another round and the Shamrock fired a round into the weak point and the tank destroyed blew up. Welkin had to think quickly. The tank was immobilized and Isara needed to get herself cleaned up.

Welkin opened up the hatch and provided rifle fire on some Imperial shocktroopers while 2 things were happening. Isara was getting cleaned up and an engineer was repairing the tank. That engineer happened to be Homer. Homer wasn't a social person but he knew his topic very well.

Isara wasted no time getting cleaned up when Welkin opened the hatch to provide covering fire. She told Welkin when she was prepared for duty again. She threw the soiled undergarments on a Imperial troop through the hatch, taking the Imperial by surprise and started running around with it on his helmet. He was later gunned down by Alicia, who grabbed a bag and hid in some grass right after she shot him down.

While Alicia was shooting down the Imperial troop that was running around like a bee might buzz around you when it's angry, she had an accident. She took down the trooper and felt a wetness in the groin. She cursed herself and had the troops around her advance as she took her diaper bag out and crawled into some tall grass behind a building to get cleaned up. Heated changes just weren't her thing. She had one in Mulberry after getting up the beach as well, except she had to hide behind the Edelweiss after everyone else ran up ahead. At least she had some more privacy than a big open beach behind a tank this time around.

After reclaiming Bruhl, the squad got into one of the hotels to rest up before trekking back to Randgriz. Welkin, Isara, and Alicia meanwhile all went over to the mansion to get some alone time. Alicia told Isara about her situation too. "I heard about your problem. It wasn't just my ankle that was damaged. Not amount of herbs could fix the wet floor in the morning. Welkin had it too." Isara blushed, but she knew they understood. Alicia told her "At least you didn't get the horrifying experience of waking up in a puddle." and she chuckled some. Isara realized that they were safe to talk to these things about just then, because they were both very close friends and had similar problems. That was the first positivity she'd heard about her problems in a long time. After looking around the mansion for some time, the three returned to the abandoned hotel and got some rest with the other squad members.

Isara got up to get changed and ready to go when she was stopped by Alicia. Alicia said hi and went about her clean-up routine the same as Isara. Welkin got lucky and woke up dry, but he didn't make it too far without having to clean up. Once everyone was awake the squad walked around Bruhl for a bit. After a few hours, Welkin rounded up the squad to get ready for departure. Kreis, the tank driver for the Shamrock, ran into Isara on his way back to the tank. Kreis just said "Hey Isara, glad we got Bruhl back for you guys." and continued on his way.

Welkin rounded up the squad and Isara hopped in the tank, this time being sure to have extra undergarments and a ragnite lamp with her just incase something bad happened. Welkin issued the order to march back to Randgriz once the Army arrived to secure it. As the 7's left, they could see reconstruction being made on the Mill. Alicia got tired and hopped on the Edelweiss for a ride.

Squad 7 was on it's way back to Randgriz from the successful liberation of Bruhl. Everyone was glad to have Isara back in action.

*016*2015-11-19 23:03

I'm glad you like it. Hoping I can get the next one out in a matter of days. It doesn't take long and I have plenty of time to spare for this.

*018*2015-11-20 23:30

I'm trying to figure something out. For all of you who've played the game past Chapter 13 and 14, should I combine both parts of the clash at Naggiar into 1 chapter? I'm just wondering if I should divide Naggiar into 2 parts.

*020*2015-11-21 06:07

Chapter 13 was really kind of uneventful if you ask me. There were some cutscenes and a battle, but I personally think I should make 1 chapter. A brief description of chpt 13 ingame, then somewhat longer for chpt 14. Then the post results. (I'm deciding to worsen Alicia's situation with the story here. It seems like such a great opportunity I just can't pass it.)

I'll be heading out of state next week, some time after Tuesday. I'll try to get the next chapter out by Monday or Tuesday if my weekends are uneventful enough. I don't have anything planned for my weekend so I should have it out later today. For now, I'm logging off to get some rest.

Last thing, did you get past chapter 7? Please do tell me if my advice was helpful. I would love to know how it turned out for you. Logging off for tonight.

Good night!

*021*2015-11-21 20:42

### Chapter 4: Clash At Naggiar ###

Once they got back from Bruhl, Isara had heard talk about a big battle at Naggiar. She didn't really give it much thought until a few days later when the captain called them in to be briefed on the situation. The Imperial forces were gathering all their military might on Naggiar, and the Gallian Army would be marching onto the Imperial forces with the militia in tow. It was plain madness. The Imperials outnumbered them 3 to 1. No one knew if the Imperial Valkyria would be there either. It was impossible to defeat the Imperial forces on a big open plain like that.

When Welkin heard about this he too thought it was madness. It was another suicide mission like the Vasel Bridge, but there was no rivers and fog to hide an approach by water. Just a big, open, war torn field. If he knew what Naggiar was like, he knew the Imperials would dig into the trenches and cause havoc to any Gallians who dared run across the open field. Tanks would have trouble getting around too, the trenches would stop them dead in their tracks.

Everyone was worried about the situation. If it weren't already bad enough for everyone, it was a coin flip away from disaster. If the Valkyria showed up on the field, Welkin knew they didn't stand a single chance. He'd seen what she could do. They could only hope she didn't show up.

Isara saw Welkin stressing over the operation, so she decided to try and cheer him up. "Hey Welks." Welkin looked over to see Isara there, at least there was someone to talk to. "Hey Is. What is it?" Isara just replied with "Nothing, just trying to cheer you up." Welkin liked that, he needed someone to cheer him up, he was too stressed over the next operation. Isara and Welkin just sat there in his room talking to each other for a bit.

A few days later, it was time to roll out. Isara made some final preparations on the Edelweiss while R&D worked on the Shamrock. Once everyone was marching for Naggiar, things got really tense. Whole squads were having nervous breakdowns and stopping for some time. At one point Squad 7 set up camp to get some rest, since marching was really stressful at the time.

Rosie decided to sing again, and everyone just sat on the tanks and listened to her sing for a bit and clapped at the end.

Isara's situation was growing worse every week. At first it was just daytime loss of control. Now it was 24/7 loss of control. The next morning she woke up she was wet, mushy, and warm. She went about usual clean-up and decided to reduce her fiber intake. Ragnaid helped some so ever 2 hours she'd give herself Ragnaid to try and not have to change every hour. It worked very well.

This time she had prepared for a heated change incase she needed one. She never knew she wouldn't have the time but she would have to try. The 7's were marching onto Naggiar late morning and reached there around 2:00 PM.

The Gallian Army marched first. They charged the Imperial line with tanks and shot them down with rifles. The 7's covered the flank. Things were going good until 2 giant tanks that spat out fireballs into trenches came out. Isara shouted out "Welks! Problem on the field!" Welkin looked over and he knew it was a problem. "Yeah?" Isara pointed at the intelligence she had on the new enemies. "They shoot fire! Heavy tanks and they have anti-tank capabilities!" That was bad. Heavy tanks that shoot fire from mortars or flamethrowers.

Welkin made the order to split up. One team would go with the Shamrock to take out tank A, while the other would go with him to take out tank B. Snipers would reach high ground and provide cover fire where it was needed.

Isara was beginning to feel a buildup, this hadn't happened in a week or so. Right now it really sucked because she was in a tank in the middle of combat. She could only hold for as long as possible. Once group B reached it's target, Isara saw it. The horrifying heavy tank that stood there. That's when it happened. The horrifying tank shot off a fiery mortar round that hit the trench to her left. Her body just let go at that instant, she didn't know until she felt herself sitting in a wet pile of mush. This was a problem. She had no time to clean up and she couldn't buy herself any time. It felt good, but it was disgusting at the same time. She shouted across the gunfire again "Problem!" and Welkin instantly went into action to buy her some time.

Nothing was more horrifying than looking out the hatch and realizing that you couldn't buy your incontinent sister time to get cleaned up. He slumped back down into the tank. "How bad is it Is?" he was hoping it wasn't too bad. Isara blushed heavily, but answered with a straight face "Really bad." This was bad. "By what it looks like I can't buy you enough time. Can you tough it out?" Isara realized this was her only option. She didn't like it, but she needed to do what she had to. "Yes Welks. I think I can make it." That was going to have to do. If she said anymore she'd start sobbing.

Isara lit the ragnite lamp and applied some Ragnaid to try and hold off another wave of waste until she could reach a restroom after the fight. She was going to need a longer shower than normal this time around. She loaded the tank and she realized another horrifying fact, she still had more. She really needed to get her part done with. At this point tank A was down, just about all the lancers had gone after it. Group A was coming to reinforce them.

Once Group A arrived and saw how bad it was, Zaka was horrified. That tank was putting up a fight. What worried him more was what was behind it. A wave of shocktroopers, snipers, and scouts, with 2 lancers in tow. They had to take down that tank ASAP.

The two tanks fired at the same time and disabled the mortar, but the Imperial tank fired back and KOed the Shamrock's driver. Zaka took personal control and fired a shell right into the cannon of the enemy tank. The Imperial tank blew up in flames. Zaka then called his main engineer, Nadine, to come and dive the tank back to basecamp.

Isara was driving her tank back to camp when her situation got worse. She had another bad accident in the same pair of medical undergarments. She began to feel warm again, and she was beyond disgusted and embarrassed. She was absolutely mortified. She was surprised it hadn't blown up or leaked, but it made an awful looking bulge that showed horribly when she bent down. So she had to squat to pick up her lamp, Ragnaid, and bag. That was a bad idea. When she squatted her bowels just emptied itself completely then her bladder did the same. A drip escaped and hit the floor. She grabbed a paper towel from her bag and wiped down the floor where it landed, disposed of the wet paper towel, then got out of the tank and rushed for the restroom with her bag.

Alicia had saw Isara running like mad hornet, so she decided it wasn't the time to make small-talk with her. She had a faint idea of what happened. Alicia was in one of the trenches with Susie and Vyse when a fiery mortar round hit and scattered them. She herself had to find another trench and pull a fresh diaper out to get changed. She hadn't had the worst of it yet.

Alicia was making her normal checkups around base camp when Welkin approached her. "Hey Alicia, how are you?" She told Welkin about her accident, they'd do this sometimes just to keep each other laughing. They'd laugh at each other then Welkin got a little serious. "Isara had it worse." Alicia stood there and looked at him for a bit and processed what she had saw earlier. "I saw that, I think. Isara was running towards the restroom faster than Hanes charging an Imperial dead in front of him. That's when a sniper round echoed and Alicia fell down to the ground. She was rushed to the nearest medical tent and everyone was there hoping she'd live. Alicia hadn't gotten shot in the gut, it was a perfect crippling shot, like if it wasn't supposed to kill her. It hit her in the shoulder and she fell from the shock.

All anyone else could do was praise her for not panicking and get the nurse to work faster. Soon enough everyone got tired and fell asleep. This is when Faldio, who had fired the round at Welkin's girlfriend even though he and Welkin were great friends, entered the medical tent with a Valkyrian lance and shield, to place on Alicia. Faldio was sure she was a Valkyria, as she had opened that door in the Barious ruins. Faldio's assumption would be proved the next morning.

*022*2015-11-24 00:36

It suddenly got lonely. ;-;

