MasterXploder's Story Commissions General Thread

Author: MasterXploder

*000*2018-05-27 18:48

So this is an idea I've sort of toyed around with for a while, but after some encouragement from friends, I have decided to open myself up to taking commissions. Why am I doing this? Well, it sounds like fun, for one. Getting paid to do something I enjoy is also great, although I'm not exactly hurting for cash at the moment. Mostly though, it's to see how I handle writing while being beholden to another person. Part of the reason it takes me so long to write a story is because I am not under any sort of pressure to get it out in a timely manner. As I learned in my college days, I work best when someone else is counting on me to get it done, and what better way to ensure that then to have them actually paying me to make it? I am well aware that this could crash and burn horribly, but I would rather say that I tried and failed to do something ambitious than to not bother at all.

Without further ado, here's the criteria for requesting a commission from me. Note that this can be subject to change at any time.

Pricing: For pre-existing characters: $5 for every 1,000 words, $2 for an extra 500 words. For original characters: $8 for every 1,000 words, $3 for an extra 500 words. I will need you to provide good details of your OC before and during the writing since I will not be to able to research these characters through normal means. No more than 5,000 words per commission, and only one commission per person at a time. I ask for the full price upfront. If I have to cancel the commission for whatever reason, I will refund your money. What I will not write about: Scat Diapers/Ageplay Adult Male omorashi/peeing Overly violent, non-consensual, or cruel scenarios (i.e. someone being tortured/abused until they wet themselves, mind control, stories intended to bash a character or make them look bad) Anything that would be obviously out-of-character (i.e. The shy girl suddenly brazenly peeing in front of others, E-rated characters dropping f-bombs, etc.)

While I won’t shy away from writing sexual themes, I would still prefer for the omo/peeing to be the focus of the story. Smut that just happens to have a little peeing is not really what I’m interested in. What I specialize in and am okay with writing: Stories about women, both loli and adult Stories about young boys, no older than early teens Fighting scenes Furry/anthro characters Stories with comedy and lighthearted tones Cute, if not necessarily romantic, pairings Story Examples: Putting the P in PC Gaming

(Huniepop) Ahlbi and Rayfa: Ace Holders

(Ace Attorney: Spirit of Justice) Turning the Blue Ocean Yellow

(Fire Emblem: Heroes) Mipha’s Disgrace

(Zelda: Breath of the Wild) What’s a Bathroom, Again?

(Xenoblade Chronicles 2) Franchises I am most familiar with: Almost anything Nintendo-related, including but not limited to: The Legend of Zelda Fire Emblem (Note: Does not include the GBA titles) Xenoblade Chronicles Splatoon ARMS Pokemon (Both human and Pokemon omo is fine) Star Fox A few non-Nintendo games, including but not limited to: Huniepop Nier: Automata Persona 5 (Note: Still in the middle of playing this) Final Fantasy 9 Monster Hunter A Hat in Time Ace Attorney Anime franchises: My Hero Academia Miss Kobayashi’s Dragon Maid Aggretsuko (Note: not up to date on this) Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure Disclaimers: Please note that requesting a story from one of the listed franchises does not guarantee I will be able to write about it. I am a slow writer and I work a part-time job. Depending on how long the story is, it may take over a month for me to finish it. I will post updates and stay in contact when I can, but I hope you can be patient with me otherwise.

And there you have it. Feel free to post your commissions either in here or through private messages. Now to watch this thread sink straight into the void without a single request...

*003*2018-05-28 03:39

{{49 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

So, for say a story of 3k words it'd be $15 while a 4k story is $20? As I wouldn't mind giving this a try.

}}

Correct, and if you'd like to add an extra 500 words, it would be an extra $2 on top of that ($3 if we're covering OC's).

{{28 minutes ago, irvinegamer said:

I too am interested. I have a wishlist of omorashi characters I would hope one day happen in fan art and/or fanfic. Do you me to PM you my wishlist?

Also, you said you can do furry. But not male omorashi unless it's younger boys. What about male-furry omorashi like Bugs Bunny or Sonic the Hedgehog?

I'm also a fan of Zelda. I like Young Link.

}}

You can feel free to PM me your ideas and I can tell you which ones I'd be able to work with. Regarding male furry... that's a tricky one. It'd likely have to be a case-by-case basis, with younger furs being much more likely to be written than older characters (Though I'll tell you right now, I don't feel up to writing Looney Tunes omo. Just can't do it, man.)

*006*2018-05-28 14:24

{{9 hours ago, Night Rain said:

No they would be a normal character if i could get something with Dawn from pokemon It'd be nice.

}}

Now would this be the Dawn from the anime or from the games proper? I don’t really pay attention to the anime, so I would likely be using the game version of her.

*008*2018-05-28 17:31

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

The game version of her will be used.

}}

Okay then, I'll have to do research on her character as it's been a long time since I played Diamond/Pearl. Would you mind helping me out with that? Also, is there a specific scenario you want for her? I'll need more to go on than just "Write about this character". The more detail, the better.

*010*2018-05-28 20:37

{{12 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

Like what would you need to know about her in terms of research? I will think of something. Which you will be able to work with.

}}

Personality, dialogue, the actions she takes in the game, and anything else noteworthy about her. I wanna make sure to capture the character I’m writing about. Take your time with deciding your scenario. It’s your money, after all.

*015*2018-05-28 23:04

{{1 hour ago, vfbbf said:

If someone pays for a story, will you publish it for everyone to see, or just for the payer?

}}

That will depend on the commissioner. If they want the story to remain private, then I will respect their wishes.

{{33 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

That's pretty much the best place to start, the scenario being that Dawn aims to try and capture the legendary Pokemon Mesprit only to be attacked by Starly which could cause Dawn to have an accident or it happens while meeting Mesprit.

}}

So going for the classic "Too determined to finish the job to stop and pee" story? I can work with that. I might send a PM to you to ask for some more details on what you want in the story, then I'll try and make up an outline with that, and then we can finally discuss money.

*017*2018-05-29 16:17

Okay, since I'm getting a lot more attention for this than I expected, I'll go ahead and talk about this: At the moment, I would only like to seriously handle no more than two commissions at a time. I may have already hit this number depending on the people messaging me. This doesn't mean that you can't talk to me about a commission if I'm already working on two other ones, but it will mean you'll have to wait a bit until I get to properly working on yours.

*018*2018-05-30 15:23

Well, I officially have gotten started on my first commissioned project, that being Night Rain's Dawn story. I am also close to receiving a second commission soon, so I'm already booked up for the foreseeable future. I'm very surprised at how quickly the ball got rolling here; for a minute, I was genuinely worried I would not get a single request and this thread would be doomed to die. Can safely that's not happening now. Anyways, back to work! I'm actually getting paid for this stuff now, can you believe it?

*019*2018-06-04 14:41

Update: I am now working on two separate commissions, so I currently have no open slots for now. I'm hoping to have the first one out by the end of next week, but the second one will take a while as it is a full 5,000 word story. Hopefully, it will still be finished at a quicker rate than I normally write, but we'll see how that goes. Anyways, on to writing!

*020*2018-06-09 03:44

In case you missed it, my first commissioned story has now been posted

. This means I now have an open slot again, so if you're interested, don't hesitate to reply or send me a message.

*021*2018-06-24 23:05

I am very close to finishing my next commissioned work. I am waiting on the requester to read through it and leave his feedback before letting an editor go over it. This means I’ll have both slots empty soon, giving you twice the chance for a story. In the meantime, I’ll start working on a new story, although any commissions I get will take priority over it. Fingers crossed that I’ll have the new story up by tomorrow night!

*022*2018-07-25 04:06

It's been a while, but I finally got a new commission going. I've also decided to put all my commission guidelines into a Google Doc, which you can check out here

. This way, I can update it with new info as necessary. I still have an open slot if anyone out there might be interested in contacting me, too.

*023*2018-08-27 19:11

And the newest batch of commissioned stories have been finished, both within a week of each other. I've hit unprecedented levels of productivity that I doubt I'll ever see again.

Anyways, I have a new idea for another story, so in the meantime, I will only take one new commission for the time being. Working on three stories at the same time just sounds like overkill to me, so I'd rather not do that. Rest assured, this will not be a permanent change. I'll open up a second slot whenever I'm done with the personal story.

