Peeing in the Park - A Lesbian Public Desperation Story

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-04-25 14:20

Hi all,

I've just finished "Peeing in the Park," my latest story about two best friends watching an open air play and holding in gallons of pee, hoping to make it through the performance without wetting themselves. Not only that but they gradually fall in love too! (Based on a true story if you were wondering!)

To celebrate the publication on kindle, here's chapter 1 for your reading pleasure. If you'd like to read the rest you can get the details from lunaswift.com

Or go straight to the amazon page $$ for the book. It's only 99c (77p) so an absolute bargain for you wonderful kindle readers!

Hope you like it and enough talking, on with the story.

Chapter 1 – Play in the Park

“I’ll meet you by the river.”

I hung up and headed out the door, my bladder protesting my choice. I needed to pee but I was already running late. Not only that but if I went to the toilet now I might miss my chance to get a decent seat.

I’d never been to an outdoor theatre performance, it wasn’t really my kind of thing. But several of my friends were going and they’d already paid for my ticket so it would have been rude to turn them down.

I walked through town with the heat of the sun warming my bare arms. My light summer dress was perfect for this kind of weather, especially as it gave me a chance to show off my legs, the one part of my body I was truly happy with.

I was hoping I’d have time to go to the toilet when I reached the park but the queue was enormous. It was as if the entire city had decided to come out and enjoy the sunshine. Families were picnicking, topless men were playing football and then I spotted my friends waving at me from the riverside.

I half jogged over, immediately regretting it as my full bladder sloshed around inside me.

“Hi!” Josie called out, throwing her arms round me and squeezing me far too tightly for comfort. “Come on, the shows about to start.”

She linked arms with me and we walked behind Ann and Marie towards the metal fencing that blocked entry to the makeshift arena. Marie handed over the tickets to a thoroughly miserable old man in a fluorescent coat.

“Excuse me,” I asked as the others walked inside. Behind me the queue waited impatiently.

“Yes,” the old man snapped, glancing behind me at the long line of people.

“Is there a bathroom inside at all?”

“I think so,” he replied before shoving me along. He actually put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me away. I walked into the arena, feeling shocked but vowing not to let him spoil my afternoon.

“Are you okay?” Josie asked when I caught up with her, weaving through the rows of plastic seats arranged neatly facing the stage.

“I just need to find the bathroom.”

“Me too,” she replied. “But it’s about to start. We better wait for the interval.”

I wanted to tell her I wasn’t sure I could wait that long but I felt I might sound a bit too much like a whiny schoolgirl. So with my bladder pressing against the waistband of my panties, stretched and overfilled like a balloon inside me, I made my way slowly to the seat beside Marie.

I leaned back on my chair and tried to relax. “How long is this thing anyway?” I asked.

Ann passed me her programme. “Two and a half hours I think.”

I shuddered internally. There was no way I’d be able to last that long. I only hoped I could survive until the interval.

A huge couple tried to push their way past us, chairs giving away against them. As they reached me, the husband tripped, stumbling to the side and landing straight on my lap. I was winded by his sheer bulk, the air pushed straight out of my lungs as he tried unsuccessfully to get back to his feet. The weight of him against me made me wince with pain, my bladder being squashed flat by him.

Eventually he regained his balance, muttering an apology as he scuttled after his wife who was tutting loudly.

“Ow,” I whispered to Josie as on stage the announcer strode out, holding a microphone, welcoming us all.

I was only half listening as he talked nonstop about the value of our support and the wonderful play we were about to see. My need to pee was more urgent than I’d ever felt before. I was squirming slightly in my seat to try and control my desperation but not wanting to reveal how much I needed to go.

The play began a minute later and it gave me a chance to lean forwards on my seat, ostensibly to better see the performers but really to give me another way to move around better. I was jiggling my feet up and down on the grass, the dew on my bare heels not helping with my need to urinate.

Beside me I could see Josie sitting back in her chair, her legs crossed. As I looked at her I could just see she was tensing and relaxing her leg muscles, was she as desperate as me? Could anyone in the world be as desperate as me?

Every minute that passed seemed to take a lifetime. After an hour, I knew I could wait no longer. I was praying for the interval so I could go and find the toilet and let go the galloon of water I felt was trapped inside me. On stage a firework went off, making all of us jump. I shot back in my seat and to my eternal shame, a little leak of pee soaked into my panties before I was able to regain control and clench everything I had, fighting to stop the ultimate humiliation, wetting myself in public.

The wet warmth on the fabric of my underwear was a constant reminder of how close I’d just come to peeing my panties for real and as the interval finally came round, I was getting the start of a stress headache.

I jumped to my feet before the actors had even left the stage, pushing my way along the row of people until I reached the aisle and looked round me. Josie came up behind me and took my hand in hers. “What are you looking for?” she asked. “The plot? Some decent acting maybe? Only I don’t think we’ll find any here today.”

“Don’t make me laugh,” I replied, squirming on the spot, my legs rubbing together as my bladder threatened to explode any moment. “I need to pee.”

