Competition Entry - Desperate Tails

Author: Slater

*000*2012-01-24 13:05

This is what would've been submitted to the competition about a group of friends in an omorashi experience during a show. Just about when I was really fixing to complete it, my computer crashed. Months later I've gotten a new one and last week got a portable hard drive with the old information. Congrats to the winner (BTW, I don't know where to read the story).

Characters are the from the 80's TV show, Alvin and the Chipmunks.

The Chipettes were excited to be on a road trip to attend a concert rather than performing one. Between their little legs each was a route 44 root beer, the signature and favorite drink between them and the Chipmunks. The girls couldn’t even remember the last time they were simply in a theatre for a movie. But they were also rather nervous as the aged Ms. Miller was driving the car and trying to read a map.

Jeanette, the one with wide pink glasses gasped as she grabbed the steering wheel and jerked the car out of incoming traffic.

Eleanor, a bit chubby in light green greedily slurped down hers, but held her forehead. “Oh, brain freeze,” she complained as she held her forehead.

Britney was focused on the time as she gingerly took gulps from her drink nearly the size of her torso. “We are going to make it there on time right?”

Jeanette dragged the map away from Ms. Miller’s face, looked at her watch and scratched some numbers on her notepad. “If we get there,” she said looking out the window, she wobbled the pencil at a sign and made a few more additions to her math. “According to my calculations, we’ll be there about ten minutes before show time at this rate.”

“Oh!” Britney gasped, “We don’t know when the Chipmunks are performing! They could be the opening act! They won’t hold the front row seats forever! Fans are such greedy people, why they’d practically jump over the rows to get our spots!”

“Uh, don’t you think you’re overreacting?” Eleanor asked. “I’m sure our seats will be available when we get there, as long as we’re on time.”

“She’s right,” Jeanette replied sipping her drink, “we reserved them the day the concert was established.”

“But the line!” Britney insisted as Eleanor slurped her drink, “It’ll probably be half an hour before we even get in at all. And then people have to pack their tents and move their porter potties…”

Eleanor’s eyes perked up as she quietly burped. She blushed and put a finger to her cheek, “Eh, u-u-u-uh—speaking of porter potties…”

Britney ignored her sister. “And the lighting, sleeping bags, and security taking out people with fake tickets.”

Jeanette giggled. “Britney, I’m quite sure that it’s highly improbable, even impossible, for someone to haul their own porter potty to wait in line.

Britney put on her pout face as she quietly took sips of her root beer. Jeanette adjusted her pink glasses and continuing drinking. “Mmm, it’s been so long since we could have soda, preparing our voices for performances all the time.”

Eleanor pursed her lips before speaking loudly, “Yes, and said root beer is making me need a porter potty right now.”

Britney rolled her eyes and folded her arms. “Eleanor, did you drink yours too fast again?”

Her younger sister put her pointer fingers together and looked away, “I uh—um—maybe?”

“How bad is it?” Jeanette asked.

“Oh, not at all, just now noticed really.”

Britney put a hand on Ms. Miller’s shoulder. “Step on it, Ms. Miller! We don’t have time for bathroom breaks!”

Thirty minutes passed. Jeanette began biting the edge of her pencil as she was reading, right foot tucked under her left leg where her uneven white socks hung limp, wiggling from her constant motion. The spine of the book sat comfortably over her light purple and short skirt, though it pressed into her crotch every now and then. She looked over at her now nearly empty route 44 soda, picking it up and scooting the last bit of ice into her mouth.

Eleanor’s situation was much more visible, tapping and scooting to the sound of music in her headphones. She shifted and swung her feet around, bouncing slightly and trying to distract herself with the countryside scenery.

Britney on the other hand pretended absolutely nothing was wrong. She sat up straight and true, rapidly texting away on her cell phone with her knees under her thick teal pantyhose locked tightly together.

Ms. Miller looked at an oncoming sign for the next rest stop. “Girls, are you sure you don’t want a bathroom break?”

“No,” Britney said dropping her phone and moving forward. “No, nothing of the sort! We’re just fine, right?” She looked over at Eleanor who bit her lip and pressed her hands together in pleading motion.

Jeanette pulled up her notebook again and looked at her numbers. “I’m afraid Britney may be right,” she heavily sighed. “If we stop for even five minutes, with the time I calculate rush hour traffic may be at this intersection and the rest of it, and knowing this area is notorious for long bathroom lines—we’d be here about ten minutes, which would actually extend our time by almost thirty minutes.”

She continued her tech-babble as she opened a handheld computer. “And according to blog posts and current reviews, the line is getting pretty long, extending our wait to nearly an hour by stopping now.”

Eleanor rose her right hand as her left went between her legs, “But…”

“But nothing Eleanor!” Britney hissed. She grabbed her sister’s arms, pulling out the one in her dress, and began violently shaking them, “No, no, no! You’re a big girl, you can make it! We all can!”

“Well, in that case,” Ms. Miller said holding up her drink. “Why don’t you girls be nice and finish this off for me please?” she wagged her other hand, both hands off the steering wheel. “Don’t want to be wasteful. It’s quite alright; I didn’t get a lot of ice so it shouldn’t be watered down.”

“The wheel please, Ms. Miller,” Jeanette said grabbing the route 44 drink.

The elderly woman put her right hand gently on the wheel and began lecturing them about money, costs, and wastefulness. As she did, she switched hands for gestures and began swerving in the road a bit.

“Ms. Miller! Fine!” Britney shouted. “Please, you’ll draw attention to the cops! We’ll drink it!”

Eleanor was already quite horrified at the statement. She dug both hands firmly in her crotch and gritted her teeth. “Oh,” she whispered, “my poor bladder!”

“Oh don’t worry Eleanor,” Britney said grabbing the drink from Jeanette, “you don’t have to have any of it,” and she began taking massive gulps. She sighed and smacked her lips, “It’s getting hot,” and she continued gulping. She eventually drew up a paper towel and wiped her mouth, handing the remaining half of the root beer to Jeanette.

The eldest girl looked at the cup and before she drank any, dryly gulped loudly, cowering at the daunting challenge. “Oh, I’m going to regret this.” She sighed, closed her book, tucked it tightly between her legs and began rapidly drinking the root beer.

Just as she finished, they passed the rest stop, while Eleanor leaning over the passenger side and nearly whimpering at the sight, like a traveler in a desert would at an oasis.

Another forty minutes passed and the car entered the city of their destination. Jeanette tightened up, sweating profusely and constantly rubbing her legs together. Trying to distract herself with her book, a foot shoved into her short light purple skirt. But even stringing a few words together was difficult; she nervously rubbed her glasses with her long-sleeve shirt and began trembling.

Eleanor stopped listening to her music, both hands jammed into her crotch, legs tightly shifting. She looked out the window at the sites, but seeing a water fountain made her squeal and look straight ahead, teeth cringing and grinding together.

Britney was still trying to hide her own desperation, but this was proving impossible. She held a straight, angered face with her legs crossed and swinging. She adjusted her posture every time Eleanor looked at her and then re-crossed her legs. Then she gasped. “There! There it is! We made it!”

“Well I guess you girls were right,” Ms. Miller replied, “we’re here twenty-five minutes early. But look, the line is moving fast.”

“Let’s hurry up inside!” Britney said.

“While you stand in line Ms. Miller,” Eleanor suggested, “can we go to the bathroom?”

Ms. Miller laughed. “Why of course dear! In fact, I can just drop you off here.”

Before the car could even come to a complete stop, the Chipettes were out of their seatbelts and opening car doors. They didn’t even stop to look at the lights and sites of downtown, only focused on getting inside.

They used their short stature to their advantage and began weaving through an eager crowd, but they finally stopped at a pair of blue pants that stood in their way at every angle they turned.

“Wristbands please,” the venue security guard asked. “And please, no pushing.”

“Oh, please sir,” Eleanor said, “we’re the Chipettes, we’ve got tickets!”

“Never heard of you,” he replied.

Britney gave him a rude gasp. “Oh, where do you live? In a cave? Surely we’ve performed here before,” she replied.

“I was homeless just a few months ago,” he responded, “so I don’t take well to that attitude. No wristbands, no entry.”

“Not—not even for the bathroom?” Eleanor cried as both hands grasped her crotch.

He laughed. “Nice try girls, but the venue’s bathrooms are paid guests only.”

The girls quickly turned, Eleanor still begging when Britney grabbed her arm and pulled her away. “Come on. We have to find another way in.”

Jeanette cleared her throat, “Or another bathroom.”

“Way out here?” Britney asked. “We’ll not only get lost, we’ll probably be late. Unless I was right about people bringing their own…”

“Porter potties!” Eleanor gleamed as she pointed.

There in the middle of a parking lot were three porter potties. The girls looked at each other and dashed towards the location. They were facing the backside of them but they couldn’t see anyone around it. They climbed the short hill as hard as they could, stumbling on rocks as they could each only use one hand. Britney forgot she was supposed to be mature about it but her face couldn’t hide it with her anger and determination. Jeanette curled her lips in and looked rather queasy. Eleanor was gritting her teeth with eyes filling with tears of desperation.

But when they made it to the top, a line of twenty people stood in front of each. Britney stomped her foot and crossed her arms. “This—is so unfair.”

“Oh, I almost went,” Eleanor whispered crossing her legs and stepping one foot on the other, hands wringing her tie.

“We don’t have time to wait in this line, we have to get in!”

Britney grabbed both her sisters arms and pulled them back to the venue’s entry line where Ms. Miller was waving for them.

Britney began her speech as they walked, both girls quite unwilling, “Our number one priority is to get to those seats and make sure nobody has taken them! It is the most…” she stopped for a second, a tiny squirt of pee slipping out of her little crotch. She bit her lip, “it is the highest—yes the most important thing right now.”

Another fifteen minutes passed, and Britney saw her salvation: the four front row chairs just waiting for them. They were in the spotlight from her point-of-view. “Hurry!” she urged. “We have to save our spots!”

Eleanor kept looking over her shoulder at the back doors but followed her sisters in fear of getting lost in the crowd. They set down some items and Ms. Miller took a seat.

“I’ll save your spots,” she assured with a nod, “just go find the bathrooms.”

But as they turned around and were about to take their first step when the lights went dark and a stream of strobe lights flooded the auditorium. The announcer introduced himself and called for the show to begin.

Each girl tightened her eyes closed, and they reluctantly turned back to sit back down.

“Simon said he dedicated a song to me,” Jeanette admitted.

“Theodore was presenting a big surprise on stage for me,” Eleanor followed up.

“Alvin promised to mention us and present our world tour. He said they would shine the spotlight on us.”

They gingerly shuffled down the row and sat down, Ms. Miller chuckling. “Oh, back so soon?”

“We’ll be fine,” they said in unison.

Eleanor gasped and turned to Britney on the far left, “But Britney! What if the Chipmunks aren’t the opening act?”

“They have to be,” she assured. “That, or the opening act is something other than singing, and they’ll be right after. Or they’ll be brought on through the opening act. It doesn’t matter Eleanor, we can’t miss it!”

A local dance group was introduced, a group of black high school students entered the stage a la Michael Jackson moonwalk, and everyone cheered. The girls gulped and Britney’s sisters glared at her.

Each of the girls seemed surprised at how long they could keep holding it in. But just as the third singing act ended and an announcer appeared to reveal some dedication and news, Eleanor shrieked loudly. Her green eyes widened and her fingers curled up tightly. Her jaw quivered and her eyes slowly slipped to an endless, dreamy stare before she looked down.

Jeanette’s worried face turned to her right. After the crowd’s cheer quieted, a faint hissing sound was audible and a dark spot began to rapidly expand on Eleanor’s green dress. She could feel her white panties quickly become drenched in her warm pee, the plastic chair cupping the puddle around her butt, crotch, and thighs. Tears gently swelled up in her eyes as she quietly sobbed, looking down at the damage.

It didn’t take long for the onrushing pee to tap on the floor, first from the back, like a waterfall spreading outward to the red carpet below, dampening it in a maroon color. Eleanor spread her legs out apart slightly, as her urine soaked deeply through her knee-length dress and fell down in a separate puddle from the font below her feet.

She tightened her breathing as her fattened bladder relaxed. She pushed out the rest as hard as she could to get it over with, fluxing the waterfall to merge the front and back puddles beneath her seat together in one large mass. She leaned back breathing harder with closed eyes, trying to relax as she waited for it to finally finish.

As the last of it came out, Eleanor rubbed her eyebrows with her right hand, tilting her head back and moaning.

“Did—did you just wet yourself?” Jeanette asked, knowing the obvious answer.

Eleanor only nodded.

Ms. Miller left moments before as the base was too harsh on her, and Jeanette leaned over to Britney. “Eleanor just wet herself!” she whispered loudly. She turned back to look behind them and saw the people seated behind them didn’t seem to take notice. Jeanette patted her sister with her right hand as she straightened up and held her crotch with her left. “It’s ok; we can get Ms. Miller to get a cup of water or something and we—can—can—,”

Jeanette stopped and looked down as a warm tingling sensation in her skirt washed over. “Spill—it.”

The girl moved her hands away from her crotch and placed them on the handles of her chair as if ready to jump, breathing gently and watching as her own short purple ruffled skirt became heavily drenched in pee. Her matching purple panties were soaked and squishy as she squirmed and shifted her position.

Jeanette then went into action, trying to soak up as much of it as possible with her skirt and some napkins so it wouldn’t puddle on the ground, squirming forwards and backwards, but she could feel the puddle growing steadily and strongly around her thighs. “No, oh no…”

The crowd stood up at the command of the next performing artist. Jeanette put a finger to her lower lip as she looked around, pee still flowing hard and without signs of stopping soon. So she stood up with the crowd to not raise attention and continued peeing standing up. But now her white, uneven socks were getting soggy as a heavy, golden stream shot out from between her legs. She stepped shoulder-width apart and listened to it slap the ground, creating now multiple puddles, with her shoes getting wet as well. She dearly hoped that the sound wouldn’t cause someone to look down and see her extremely well-soaked purple skirt.

Her sister Eleanor didn’t stand up though, preferring to stay seated, but when she realized that Jeanette was peeing, she stood up and stepped to the right side a bit away from her, knowing that Jeanette drank far more than she did, and that her bladder was much bigger. The fact showed: as Jeanette stood there, awestruck with hands at her side, continuing to breathe hard and steady, her puddle grew around her feet, spreading outward. She gulped, having peed for a straight minute already, without any sign of finishing soon.

“Jeanette!” Britney hissed. “You too? I really, really hope nobody finds out.” The girl in pink knew in the back of her mind though, that her time wasn’t far away, and that Jeanette, the one with the toughest bladder amongst them was wetting herself (albeit for the first time), it wouldn’t be long before she followed their feat.

Britney hunched over on crossed legs as she watched Jeanette stand still, unmoving, watching her own puddle grow while rivers of glistening pee trickled down her legs and into her shoes. As her pee stream flickered, Jeanette rubbed the outline of her wet, purple skirt, wet everywhere from trying to absorb it earlier. She looked at her feet and socks, lifting up her right leg partially and feeling the marshy wetness in her shoe as she squished the warmth in them.

And she finally finished, just as the crowd began to sit down. Jeanette wanted to faint, but instead fell back into her seat, nearly slipping in the puddle her butt was now soaking into even more. She looked to her right at Eleanor, and then to her left at Britney.

Horrified at what was going on, Britney sprung up from her seat. “I just—just can’t wet my pants here in public!”

Grasping her crotch, Britney made a run for the bathroom. Headline stories of her two sisters peeing themselves on the front page lined her racing mind, as did other possibilities, like all three of them being made fun of as the Chip-wets. Her eyes became teary as her lower jaw quivered but the bathroom sign was in site…

… as was a line of girls and women. She chattered on her nails, looking back at the auditorium doors, the line, and all around. Britney raked her left leg against her right, thick cotton teal pantyhose stretching as she did. She also thought of her two sisters, crying in their seats.

She gingerly walked back to her seat and looked to her right; Jeanette and Eleanor were trying to comfort each other.

Jeanette frowned as she looked at the singers continue. “Don’t worry Eleanor, we’ll—we’ll laugh at this later someday.”

Britney sighed, took a big gulp and grabbed on Jeanette’s left hand. “Squeeze tightly,” she said as she looked up. Jeanette looked curiously at her sister and suddenly felt blood-pumping pressure around her fingers as her sister grasped her hand with all her might. Despite the pain, she did as her sister asked, and clenched back.

The crowd was again prompted to stand up. The three girls did so and closing her eyes, Britney did the only thing she could for her sisters: force a steaming, strong, hissing spurt of pee right into her white panties and straight into her pantyhose.

Stepping her legs apart, she pressed a long, thick stream of golden warmth right out of her crotch onto the ground as the rest of it exploded into her teal leggings. She could feel the multiple streams trickle down her legs, spreading out quickly from her butt down her thighs, down her calves, down into her shoes.

Britney couldn’t bear to watch herself, looking up at the lights and as she willingly relieved herself, surrounded by people on all sides. Tears came down her cheeks as pee ruptured out of her crotch and bled all over her teal pantyhose, making her accident far more noticeable than that of her sisters. But she knew it was happening in any way.

Ms. Miller came back around that time, and putting a hand on her mouth and one on her chest, gasped. “Oh my—my poor dears…”

“Don’t draw attention Ms. Miller,” Jeanette whispered as loud as she could.

Ms. Miller left again, supposedly to help them get cleaned up or something. The girls didn’t know what to do. The boys were probably going to perform a song dedication, which would bring a spotlight on them, and the entire auditorium would know that the Chipettes had wet themselves at a concert.

“The papers will tear us to pieces!” Britney cried.

The girls continued to wait, hope, pray, and plead with any divine beings that may exist. Ms. Miller returned with three, XXXL concert T-shirts, long enough to be dresses. The girls quickly put them on and used the wads of napkins to glob up what was on their seats. But nothing was getting the job done.

“I have an idea,” Jeanette gulped. “Take your clothes off.”

“What?” Britney sneered.

“Just try and do it under the T-shirts and use your clothes to mop up the pee. Then we can put our clothes in Ms. Miller’s bag.”

Blushing almost as much as they did when they peed, the girls took their clothes off. Britney had an especially hard time fumbling with her over-soaked tights, pee squeezing down her legs as she tried peeling them away from herself.

“Oh, oh! This is—just so gross!” Britney whined. “This is the worst day of my life!”

“Look at the bright side;” Eleanor piped in as they carefully bent over to mop up their puddles on the ground, “nobody seemed to have noticed so far. And if they did, we can just say Jeanette clumsily spilled our drinks all over us.”

Jeanette glared at her sister and cleared her throat but then sighed. “Yeah, you’re right. That’s probably best—and most convincing.”

Just as they were finishing up, still bent over, a giant spotlight shone on them. The girls all froze as the rest of the room went completely dark.

“Quick!” Eleanor squealed, “Shove them under your seats!”

And with that, Alvin and the Chipmunks dressed in their best white tuxes walked on stage, and the crowd went wild.

Alvin cleared his throat. “We would like to address and dedicate this song to our number one fans, Britney…”

“Jeanette,” Simon continued…

“… and Eleanor!” Theodore finished.

The girls blushed, people in rows all around them sprouting, “Awe, how cute!” and patting their heads and touching their shoulders.

“Oh my god…” Britney said slumping in her seat, “that—was so close…” and she slipped into a faint.

