Daniel and Amy - Page 32

Author: Barry

*777*2017-06-17 09:35

Chapter 24:

Amy was in an excitable, happy mood when she arrived home. She hugged her mother, thanking her again for giving Nikki permission to come over. Eventually, Sonia sent her to her room to change the sheets on her bed, smiling to herself at her daughters incessant chatter. The turn around with Amy's attitude over the last month or so was astounding. She'd gone from a quiet, self absorbed little girl with a semi depressing Goth streak and not a lot of friends, to suddenly becoming more popular. Sonia was convinced that Danny had played a big part of that. He was such a sweet, lovely boy, and he was obviously very fond of Amy, and together, they were starting to shine, to come out from behind the walls that they'd built around themselves, and open up, at first to each other, then with other kids. Sue had been telling Sonia about how Dan now had made friends with other boys, and this cute little girl Nikki, was fast becoming a fixture in Amy's life.

Personally, Sonia couldn't be happier. That was one of the reasons she hadn't objected too hard about a school night sleepover, because she was just happy her little girl actually had friends that wanted to do that. Amy had been a bit mopey about Dan going away for "Three Whole Days," and having her bestie come over was perhaps just what Amy needed. Sonia grinned to herself. She'd be willing to bet that not a lot of actual studying would happen.

Amy ran upstairs, dumping her backpack, and kicking her shoes off. She opened her window, hoping that any pee smell that might be present, but unnoticeable to her by now, might air out. She needed to pee, but decided to change her sheets first. Her pull up was already wet anyway, a result of her wetting herself towards the end of Social Studies, the last lesson of the day.

Amy had been sitting there, bored with the lesson, and could feel herself starting to need to go. Of course she had peed at lunchtime, and had kept her diaper dry all day up till then, but suddenly, the extra juice box she'd drank before class started, had apparently made its way to her bladder.

A trip to the bathroom would at least get her out of class for a few minutes, and she had no doubt that she'd be given permission as soon as she asked. All the teachers knew about her bladder issues, and she had been told many times that she could simply just get up and leave should she need to,

But, mere seconds before she could politely raise her hand, another girl, Kimberly, thrust her own hand into the air, and requested permission to leave the room for the same reason. The teacher, Mrs Spratt, denied Kimberly the permission she had asked for, telling her firmly that there was only twenty minutes to go before the final bell, and surely she could hold on that long. Kim had sulkily agreed, and class resumed as normal.

But that put Amy in a predicament. If she was to ask, permission would be granted straight away, then all eyes would be on her, and the fact that she had been given special permission that hadn't been awarded to her classmates would be the topic of whispered discussion. All the girls knew Amy wore diapers and had a condition, but now, going to the loo would bring that condition to the fore again. She hated her incontinence becoming the main topic of conversation, and had decided not to ask, not to draw any attention to herself, but to just hold on, and trust her nappy should anything bad happen.

A pre-emptive strike was briefly considered, but quickly rejected as well. To guarantee a leak free experience, Amy knew she should be standing up, and wearing a fresh diaper, not one she was sitting in, been wearing for over 7 hours, and had taken down 3 times already today to use the toilet. The last time she'd gone, as soon as she'd finished her lunch, she'd noticed that the leg bands had stretched out of shape a bit. She had considered going to the nurses office to change, but her diaper was still dry, and she was having fun playing with Nikki, so she had decided to leave it on instead, expecting that it wouldn't be required to handle a big accident anyway, surely not anything bigger than an occasional dribble or squirt.

Now, sitting in class, her stomach starting to develop butterflies, she regretted that decision with a vengeance.

It seemed the more she tried not to think about it, the worse it got. Now the idea that she might be about to have an accident in class scared her. Again, she thought about getting permission, but a glance at the uncomfortable way Kim was sitting and the grumpy expression on her face changed Amy's mind again. Looking at the clock, she saw there was only 10 minutes left before the bell anyway.

Time dragged, but eventually passed. Mrs Spratt was reading aloud from a book, and the girls were reading their own copies, trying to keep up. Amy couldn't. Her concentration was taken up by the way her pee hole had started twitching, and she resigned herself to reading the entire chapter again later, just to see what she had missed. When the final bell sounded, there was a flurry of activity as all the girls started stowing their books and belongings into their bags or desks. Amy noticed how Kimberly almost ran from the room, looking worried, as her friends giggled.

Amy reached underneath her desk for her bag, and the sudden contraction of her stomach forced the first spurt out of her. She straightened up in her chair, and another jet of pee followed the first. Within seconds, her private area was coated in hot warmth, and her bottom felt wet. She clamped down with all she was worth, slamming her thighs together, and her eyes closed. She had momentarily regained control, but knew a much bigger accident was on the cards, as soon as she moved again.

The other girls filed out of the room with a wave of giggling and chattering, and Amy hung back, pretending to look for something in her desk. Thankfully, a couple of students had waited after class to see Mrs Spratt, and were busy asking her questions about something, and nobody had noticed Amy still sitting there.

She reached under the desk, quickly picked up her backpack, and sat it on her knees, pushing herself back from her desk. Amy stuck her right hand under her dress, and grabbed herself firmly by the diaper, pushing firmly against it, using her palm to hold it in place, spreading her fingers wide to press against the leak guards.

She looked up, sighing with relief at the sight of the back of her classmates heads, as the stood in front of Mrs Spratts desk, deep in earnest discussion about something, and blocking the teachers view.

Only seconds later, she lost control. The diaper started growing hot against her hand, and her bladder voided violently, gushing out its pent up contents faster than what her diaper could be counted on safely handling. Amy pressed her hand even more firmly into her nappy, and felt a pleasurable shiver pass over her as she proceeded to wet herself at her desk.

Because her bladder didn't contain the normal amount of fluid for a 14 year old, it didn't take her as long to empty it as it might for a regular kid, but it still seemed to take a long time, and Amy couldn't do anything except sit still, and try not to let anyone see her with her hand underneath her dress, squeezing tightly into her nappy. She finished urinating at the same time the other girls finished talking. Amy didn't think her bladder had fully emptied, but her level had dropped enough to stem the involuntary flow.

"Yes Amy? Do you need to see me too?" Mrs Spratt asked kindly, having seen one of her favourite pupils still sitting at her desk, open bag on her lap. Thankfully, her view didn't encompass the position of the girls right hand, or that of her school dress.

Amy sighed with relief as the last vestiges of her pee ran out, hopefully to be safely absorbed into her special underpants. She forced herself to sound more relaxed than she felt, as she feigned a frantic search of her bag with her left hand.

"No Mrs Spratt. I, uh, just can't find my bus pass, I know it's in here some....Oh! There it is! All good."

She stood up, and winced a bit as she felt a trickle snaking its way down her left leg, dripping off her knee, and leaving a couple of small drippy spots on the carpet. Mrs Spratt was still smiling benignly at her, so she ignored it, shouldered her bag, said goodbye, and walked out as normally as she could. It was hard to walk normally with her wet, swollen diaper hanging loosely between her thighs.

Initially, she considered changing her diaper before catching the bus, but she would miss the first bus if she did, and that would delay her getting home by over half an hour. That was unacceptable. She needed to get home, air her room out, change her sheets, and have a shower before her friend arrived.

Amy went to her locker, and looked around. Already, the hall was virtually empty. She reached below her dress with both hands, and snugged her diaper up as firmly as she could, getting rid of the sagging crotch problem, but leaving another couple of wet drops on the timber floor. That couldn't be helped of course, and she dragged her shoe over them, smearing them out so they'd dry quicker.

She noticed Kimberly on the bus. She was standing up due to lack of seats, and laughing gaily with her friends. Amy couldn't help but wonder why the other girl had tied her jumper around her waist so that it covered her bum. Perhaps she'd wet herself. Amy would probably never know.

She considered this as she stripped the quilt off her bed, knowing already exactly what she'd find. Her big, tape on diaper, or "sleep pants," had leaked a little bit two nights in a row. Not much, but enough to stain the light blue sheet in a couple of spots.

Amy probably wasn't as diligent about always changing her sheets as she should be. She wouldn't leave a soaked sheet on the bed or anything, but little leaks had stopped worrying her years ago. Sonia had declared that Amy be responsible for her own bed once she turned 10, and seldom helped her with it. The teenager changed her own bedding, and did the laundry herself. Although it was inconvenient, and a bit of a pain sometimes, at least it prevented any discussion or admittance about her bed wetting, and she was grateful about it, although begrudgingly.

The thing was, her queen sized bed was awkward to change, and an unpleasant task. As a result, she wasn't as pedantic as doing it, unless it really needed doing, which thankfully wasn't too often when she wore her tape on diapers. These minor little leaks were a nuisance, but could be tolerated. After all, she had both a plastic sheet and a mattress protector on her bed, and the top sheet usually dried out pretty quickly, so she sometimes ignored them.

Like she was ignoring her hot and heavy diaper.

Her attitude towards wearing a wet diaper could vary a lot, depending on her mood. If she was tired, grumpy, or miserable, (say for instance like a 14 year old girl,) she could loathe them. They were hot, itchy, uncomfortable, bulky, smelly and embarrassing. If she was busy, or in public, like somewhere that she couldn't immediately deal with it, she could learn to ignore it.

However, if she was happy, excited, comfortable, relaxed or aroused, (all of which she often was around Dan,) she loved wearing them, using them, and being comfortable about them, whether they were wet or dry. In this state, she was always acutely aware of her nappy, and enjoyed the way the padding rubbed against her, and she relished the feeling of being able to wear a wet diaper because it felt kinda naughty, even though it was expected of her.

Amy stared at the bed and sighed. There were two distinct urine stains on the light blue top sheet. Neither of them very big, but both were extremely noticeable. At least her quilt wasn't stained.

"Well," she thought to herself, "if I haveta change the sheets, my diaper, and have a shower, I might as well enjoy it!"

She took her dress and singlet off, along with her bra, leaving herself dressed in only her diaper and her white ankle socks with the folded tops, and lay down on the bed, shivering as the cool cotton caressed her back.

She spread her socked feet apart, imagining just how much Danny would enjoy seeing her laying here like this, in just her socks and a wet diaper. She leaned over and took her pacifier from her bedside drawer, and started sucking on it with quick, frequent sucks. She put her hands on her nipples, and felt them harden as her thoughts turned towards Dan. She relaxed her bladder, sucked her paci, and wet herself thoroughly again as she laid there, ridding herself of what she hadn't lost earlier, her breath coming in sharper gasps as she peed.

Only when she had completely emptied herself did she open her eyes and sit up. Her already soaked pull up had been totally filled beyond its capacity to function properly. It had leaked badly from both leg guards, as well as the waistband, and she found herself sitting in a big wet circle about 18 inches across. She stood up on her bed, keeping her socks out of the wet spot, and let her diaper fall around her ankles with a wet splat sound. She smiled to herself, then naked, apart from her socks, she jumped lithely from the bed.

Only then did she strip the sheets, using the dry top one to first dry her bum and private bits with, then wipe down the plastic sheet. She would wipe it with wet wipes before re-making the bed again. She slipped her dressing gown on, picked up Her uniform and sheets, and took them to the laundry room, only pausing briefly to dispose of her destroyed pull up.

Amy showered, dressed herself in her footie pyjamas and a fresh pull up, and made the bed.

She couldn't wait for Nikki to arrive.

*780*2017-06-20 14:36

Chapter 25:

The boys spent a very energetic afternoon. They played soccer, basketball, and did a treasure hunt. A big barbecue was cooked for dinner, and they feasted on sausages, hamburgers, chicken wings, kebabs, and salads, although there was more salad than meat leftover at the end of it. The fruit salad and ice cream was popular as well. Of course there were other options for the kids with more specific dietary needs, but our heroes didn't pay those options much heed.

After dinner, the students had the options of watching a movie, (the original Star Wars. The teachers picked it,) or attending the fire pits set up out the back of the buildings, with the opportunity to roast marshmallows and make s'mores, or just float between the two, and that's what they did. A bit of fire-play, a bit of movie, a lot of laughter, and a very good time.

At 10pm, they were sent off to their cabins, with instructions that the lights would automatically be switched off at 10:30. They would come on again at 6:30, and breakfast would be at 7:00. Tardiness would not be tolerated. Father Michaels dragged our intrepid foursome aside, having prepared a special lecture just for them, as they were the only cabin without a resident grownup present. All four boys swore that they would be on their best behaviour. Father Michaels actually believed them too.

These were four of his favourite kids, and apart from occasional general mischief, he had no reason to doubt them based on their track record. Of course he was fully aware of Dan and Scott's problems, and he sympathiesed with them, and admired Matt and Ali for their understanding. He made sure that they were aware of the privilege they were being afforded, and was confident that they would behave themselves. At least as much as what you would expect a bunch of unsupervised 14 year old boys could be.

Back at the cabin, after a semi-awkward discussion, it was decided that Matt and Ali would shower that night, leaving the bathroom free for Scott and Dan in the morning, should they especially need it.

Scott and Dan just chilled in the bedroom, making sure that they had their bags with their sleep pants ready to go, so they could get changed as soon as the bathroom was vacant. By the time the other boys were walking out, towelling down their wet hair, as they padded barefoot toward their bunks, now dressed in baggy sweats and pullovers, Dan and Scott were ready to go, although feeling nervous about what was to come inside the bathroom.

Dan paused to nudge Matt on the way past, silently warning the bigger kid that the Goodnight he was still apparently wearing, was sticking out the back of his sweatpants. Matt blushed, silently nodded his thanks, and subtly adjusted his pants to hide it. Dan winked at him, and was heartened when Matt winked back.

The two bed wetters didn't speak to each other as they changed. Each took the semi-private sanctuary of a toilet stall without a door, and they silently swapped their day clothes for night clothes, after trying their hardest to pee as much as possible, of course. For Scott, this included his first ever experience of wearing a proper, tape up adult diaper, and for Dan, swapping his still dry kiddie pull up for the same thing. Both boys dressed in baggy sweats, and Dan swapped his socks for his bed time ones, white ankle length ones.

Dan almost walked into Scott as he exited the stall. His mate was staring worriedly at his own crotch, and squeezing it at the same time. He looked up in surprise at seeing Dan there.

"Shit man! There things are kinda bulky, aren't they?"

"Compared to what you're used too, they are," Dan replied. "But don't worry 'bout it man. There's only us four in here, and we all know who's wearing and who isn't! Trust me, if you have an accident tonight, you're better to be wearing one of these."

Scott smiled, albeit a watery one. "I know mate, and I'm grateful, really. But you gotta unnerstand, I'm not used to these! They just feel kinda bulky." He paused before adding, "Not bad, I don't mean that. They actually feel kinda good. You know? Like safe or something? I like it to be honest. Just bulky, like everyone will know?"

"Only us here Scotty," Dan repeated. "Come on. Let's go to bed."

They ended up sitting beside each other on Dans bottom bunk, while their friends sat beside each other on Scott's bunk. If Matt and Ali noticed how Dan and Scott sat with Dans sleeping bag draped across their laps, then they didn't say anything. Matt on the other hand didn't appear to be in the least bit fazed about the kiddie pull up that he was still wearing, although of course Dan was the only other boy to know about it anyway.

"I've got smokes!" Matt whispered, although loudly.

"You beauty!" Ali exclaimed joyfully. "How many?"

"12. Three each!"

"And how and where are you gonna smoke them, dumb arse?" Scott asked.

Matt shrugged. "Why not in here? In the bathroom I mean? We can open the little windows above the toilets, blow the smoke out, and get rid of the ash and butt by flushing it! The windows are high enough so anyone outside won't smell it!"

He looked at the other boys for approval regarding his master plan. Ali was jiggling with excitement, Dan was grinning broadly, and only Scott looked like he had misgivings.

"You 'member what they said before we left, dontcha? Smoking is one of the BIG no-no's. If we get sprung, BANG! Sent home straight away, our pairs get billed for the fuel, and a weeks suspension on top! Ya really think it's worth it?"

Matt shrugged. "It's only us in here Scotty. The lights'll be going out in five minutes, then they'll do a bed check straight after, like they did last year. After that, say ten minutes, we'll be safe as houses! No grownups will be in here again till morning, and by then, any smell will be gone. We just brush our teeth again, mebbe spray some of that shit deodorant that Ali's got, and we'll be sweet. You don't haveta, of course, but what about you guys?" He gestured towards Dan and Ali. "You in?"

Ali was already nodding vigorously. He wouldn't need to be asked twice. Dan hated himself a little bit, but he wanted to as well. Both himself and Amy had made a pact that they wouldn't smoke anymore, but he'd already broken that once, at Scotts place, and besides, what she didn't know couldn't hurt him. Only Scott appeared to have any misgivings, and he was soon swayed towards the general opinion of the majority.

It was then, that the lights suddenly went out. The boys squealed at first, deliberately over-exaggerating their shock, play acting at being scared, but not for long. Dans friends remembered the surprise bed check of last year, and warned him about it.

"The freaking grownups waited about 10-15 minutes, then did a bed check," Ali explained in a whisper. "They caught a lot of kids mucking around, you know, playing around out of bed and shit, but I don't think they nailed anyone for anything real bad. But we better wait half hour or so 'fore we start smoking, just in case."

Ali and Matt clambered up onto their top bunks with the dexterity of spider-monkeys on speed. Dan stood just out of sight by one window, while Scott took up a similar position against the opposite one. About twenty minutes later, there patience was rewarded.

"FLASHLIGHT!" Dan hissed, and both he and Scotty performed a giggling run, padding over the timber floor quickly, and diving into their respective beds, stuffing their chuckling heads underneath their sleeping bags, trying to contain themselves.

Dan heard footsteps on the squeaky steps that led into the cabin, and he nervously quelled his laughter, and lay still, suddenly convinced that he was about to completely wet himself due to a combination of fear and laughing. For a second, he felt his pee holding muscles loosen, but nothing came out, as he had peed in the toilet not long before. He froze as the door briefly opened, a flashlight beam played around briefly, then the door closed again, almost silently. Dan remained quiet and still, but only for a few seconds, before he heard Ali giggling. Dan couldn't help himself, and joined in, followed almost instantly by Matt and Scott. Within seconds, all 4 boys were laughing uproariously, and trying to hide it, which of course, only made it worse. After they eventually regained control, they continued to lie there, having a whispered conversation about just how much fun this was, how they were going to enjoy a sneaky smoke, and how clever they were.

20 minutes later, it was deemed safe enough, by virtue of mutual decision. The four young boys alighted from their beds, and using the backlight on Dans phone, not even game enough to switch on the flashlight app, they snuck into the bathroom, entered two stalls, 2 boys in each, opened the tiny windows, and lit up a cigarette each.

The next 5 minutes was filled by nervous laughter, a bit of coughing, a lot of whispering, and some good old fashioned male teenage bonding. Matt and Dan somehow ended up sharing the same stall, and Matt even winked at Dan, flashing him a brief glimpse of the elastic waistband on his Goodnight, making Dan momentarily choke on his cigarette while attempting the drawback.

Once done, they made quadruplly sure that the ash and butts got flushed away properly, and then they lined up against the 2 sinks, and each boy brushed his teeth again. They couldn't stop laughing and joking with each other, even when they each took to separate stalls to again drain their bladders before going back to bed again.

Dan pulled his phone out, yawning widely as he did so, making him chuckle again. All four of them had been openly yawning since they finished their cigarettes. It was like the entire exciting, eventful. challenging, and scarey day, finally culminating in a very illicit, nerve-wracking smoke, had finally broken them. Suddenly, they were all exhausted, and for probably as long as they could remember, they actually WANTED to go to bed, and it wasn't even 11:30 yet!

Danny amused himself by looking at some pictures of Amy for a few minutes. Nothing explicit. The explicit ones that she sometimes sent, were never kept, not after he'd enjoyed himself at least once with them. Perhaps twice. He didn't save anything with any wetting, diapers, or nudity. Just ordinary pictures. Amy in her swimsuit. In her school uniform. Wearing her stripey knee socks with her little nightie. (He knew she was wearing a diaper in that photo, but it wasn't visible.)

But he didn't need nudity, just the sight of her was enough to sober him up. He instantly felt bad about smoking. He'd promised her he wouldn't, and since then, he'd now done it not once, but twice! It didn't help that he wouldn't see or talk to her for another two whole days either! Admittedly, even at home, he probably wouldn't have actually seen her over these days anyway, but shit! He would've at least spoke to her. The fact that Scott had admitted the same thing about himself and Nikki made Dan instantly feel better, then straight away feel guilty for feeling that way.

He sighed, then yawned again. Checking the time, he saw it was just on 11:30 now. He set his alarm for 3:00am, and tucked his phone underneath his pillow, and fell asleep almost instantly.

In his dream, Dan was busting for the toilet. He really needed to pee, but he wasn't wearing any protection at all, not even a Goodnight. He was wearing his Speedo bathers and nothing else, and he was about to wet himself.

To make matters worse, he was at school.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, he found a big, tape on, night time diaper. Exactly what he was wearing as he was having this dream. He didn't think twice, picking it up, putting it on, and taping it up, all over the top of his swimsuit. Somehow, in the dream, wearing the diaper wasn't embarrassing, but wetting your swimsuit was.

Dan relaxed, safe in the knowledge that he wasn't going to humiliate himself now. He knew exactly what was called for.

A pre-emptive strike.

He glanced around, seeing people everywhere, but not a single one of them paying him the slightest bit of attention. He was about to open his legs out, and stand there, in the playground, and wet his swimsuit and nappy, without a single care in the world, until he heard the siren,

It was a warning. Something was coming, and he stopped.

Waking up with a start, Dan fumbled beneath his pillow for his phone, trying to switch it off before it woke the other kids up. He crossed his legs and gritted his teeth, as he suddenly realised that he was only seconds away from flooding his diaper. Dropping his now silenced phone, he got out of bed, gripped his boyhood as tightly as he could through the protective layer of his nappy, and did a bow legged shuffle towards the ambient light showing through the crack underneath the bathroom door. Even though the cabin lights switched off, the toilet lights remained functional, for obvious reasons, but they could be switched off if desired. By unspoken agreement, the boys had opted to leave it on, each one grateful for the slight comfort that a faint light provides in a dark, unfamiliar room.

His socked feet made no noise, aside from the occasional squeaking of a loose floorboard, and he pee-pee danced himself into the nearest cubicle, where he gave himself his quickest ever diaper removal without causing any damage, and swung himself around into a sitting position, letting his dry nappy fall to the ground with an almost soundless 'plop.'

It seemed to Dan that he peed for an eternity, but at last, he finished. He was still more asleep than awake as he taped himself up again, relying on muscle memory and practice to complete the job.

He was sufficiently awake enough by the time he got back into bed, to feel a slight sense of pride and accomplishment.

He'd survived day one. Yes, his protection had gotten wet a couple of times, but that was minor. It hadn't been accidental, but controlled. At least mostly. He wouldn't consider his leakage on the hike. Didn't count. Jesus! He'd even gotten Matty to wear a pull up! And now, with careful planning, good management, and a bit of luck, he was going to make it through the first night dry.

One more night to go.

Dan rolled over, and without even realising that he was doing it, he put his thumb in his mouth.

Then he went to sleep.

*785*2017-06-27 02:50

Chapter 26:

The boys walked together towards the mess hall, slipping into the surging tide of laughing teenage boys headed in the same direction. They were a bit early, and had no trouble securing a table for four towards the back. Dan glanced idly at Scott as they took their seats, curious as to what the state of the other boys diaper had been like this morning. Dan had actually managed to fall into a deep sleep after going back to bed, and he hadn't woken up again once, so he hadn't seen or heard Scott getting up at all. Perhaps he hadn't. Scott had actually shaken Dan awake 5 minutes before the lights were due to come on, giving them a head start and some privacy from their friends, who were snoring softly. Dan had yawned and stretched as Scott walked away, and after giving Scott a head start, he collected his bag and went into the bathroom once he'd heard the water running.

Scott had gone into the shower stall furthest from the door, so Dan didn't have to walk past him. He removed his dry nappy along with his clothes as quickly as he could in the semi-privacy of the door less shower cubicle, folded his protection up for use later, and placed his bag on the bench outside the shower, then stepped underneath the running water as he started to shiver. Jesus it was cold down south compared to the city! He hadn't peed before getting in, and the combination of cold air, and hot running water on his body made his bladder suddenly clench, and a huge stream of pee erupted out of his semi-erect morning hard-on, spraying his tummy with warmth before he'd even gotten into the shower.

He had the strongest urge to masturbate. Not really over anything in particular, it's just one of the perks of being a horny adolescent. If he had have been at home, he would no doubt be taking himself in his hand by now, and his still boyish looking penis twitched excitedly at the thought, growing fully stiff and erect. He did wash himself thoroughly, but knowing Scott was standing only 12 feet away, their naked bodies only separated by the distance, and a few stall partitions, was enough to dissuade him from even thinking seriously about self pleasuring. The thought actually made him nervous, and his boyhood soon retreated back into its flaccid state.

It was when he turned the shower off that he realised that in his haste to get in, he'd left his towel in his bag. He was standing at the bench, naked and dripping everywhere, shivering with the cold that had now made his dick shrivel up so much that it almost disappeared, trying to dig his towel out, when Scott suddenly appeared, dressed but barefoot. Dan had the worst case of baby-dick that he'd had in ages, and he blushed deeply and turned around, hiding his embarrassment with his backpack, as he fumbled with his towel. Scott had no doubt seen his naked embarrassment, but didn't comment, pretending not to notice Dans nudity as he hurried past.

Dan had sighed with frustration after the door had swung closed. Almost every boy at camp would have some unspoken issues about being naked around other boys, either shame, embarrassment, or even simple curiosity, and being caught when your willie was doing an impression of a frightened turtle was pretty high on the list of possible cringeworthy situations. He hurriedly dried and dressed himself, and left the room, but not before checking the rubbish bin. He was wondering whether or not Scott had wet himself last night, but he couldn't tell by just looking at the plastic bags tied up in there.

Knowing one of those bags contained Matts pooey underwear, he wasn't going to start opening then to look for any trace of Scott's diaper. There was one un-bagged Goodnight, a camouflage pattern one that Dan easily recognised as one of his own, sitting on top, and obviously dry. He quickly worked out that it would be the one that Matt had been wearing since yesterday. Apparently he must've taken it off at some point during the night, after his stomach had stopped misbehaving. Dan was pleased that his mate hadn't ended up needing it. Scott had certainly appeared to be in a good mood this morning, but whether that meant that he hadn't wet himself, or he was just happy to have gotten away with it, Dan didn't know.

They took their seats around the table, and it soon became obvious that something was going on. A couple of kids were seen running from table to table, whispering excitedly, and boys where looking around in all directions. They didn't have to wait too long to find out, as Travis, a boy that Matt shared some classes with, soon came over and stage whispered to their table.

"Hey guys! Guess what? You know Aiden?"

They did know Aiden, or at least who he was. He was one of the smallest boys, obviously completely pre-pubescent. He actually looked like an 11 year old, although he was 13, and he was the smallest, youngest looking grade 8 in the school. "Shrimp," "Junior," and "Little Aiden" were common nick names that he had to put up with.

"What about him, Trav?" Scott asked.

"He like pissed the bed last night!" Travis informed them with something bordering on glee. "Completely soaked it! He was even wearing pyjamas! Can you believe that? He bought cartoon pyjamas to camp!"

Travis soon ran off, anxious to spread the latest gossip. Things like this can define what being a young teenage boy is like. It's not so much that you want to be mean to another kid that has suffered such a misfortune, but at least while everyone was focused on someone else, they were less likely to be picking on you. It kind of made you feel better about yourself, because you knew that you were out of the firing line of bullies and gossip for a little while at least, as they had an easier target to aim at.

"Poor little bastard," Scott said, after Travis had left, spreading his poisonous gossip like a trail behind him. His friends, being more accustomed to bed wetting than most kids their age, could only mutter in agreeance. They looked around, but couldn't spot the little boy anywhere.

Soon, breakfast was served. Scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and options on cereal, with juice, milk, and hot chocolate, and the guys filled there plates and dug in hungrily. They were perhaps ten minutes into their feast, when Ali nudged Dan, who looked up towards the door.

Father Michaels was entering, alongside a very red faced little boy, who kept his head down and didn't make eye contact. A wave of whispering and mild laughter swept like a wave around the room, although nobody would be game enough to actually point or laugh out loud, as that simply would not be tolerated. Nobody spoke to Aiden, and he fetched himself a bowl of cereal, and finished up sitting next to the old priest at the grownups table, where he spent more time listlessly stirring at his cornflakes than eating them.

"Why do ya suppose he would come to camp without any pull ups if he's a bed wetter?" Ali asked in a whisper.

Dan felt qualified to answer this. "It's probably just a one-off, Ali. I've been to a lot of doctors, and they all say the same kinda thing. Virtually every kid alive will wet the bed at least once in their life, although it's usually when they're younger than eight or nine, but it can happen anytime. 'Parrantely, puberty can cause it, or being like stressed out and stuff. Poor bloke is prolly just been like stressing out about coming to camp, had too much to drink last night, and hadda accident. Could happen to any kid here."

Ali actually paled, which isn't easy to do when you have brown skin. "You think so Dan? Like really? Any of us could just piss the bed for no reason?"

"Dans right mate," Scott replied. "My doctors said the same thing. Ya never know if they're just telling you bullshit to make you feel better or not, but that's what they say."

"Have you ever wet the bed Ali?" Dan asked, then immediately regretted it. He had been determined not to make a big deal out of wetting talk, but here he was, doing it at the breakfast table.

Ali didn't seem at all bothered though. "Yeah. Couple of times when I was little. I was never like a regular night wetter, not like my sister Tasha, but I remember having a couple of accidents. The last time I was about 8 I think. But I was pretty sick with the flu though."

Matt surprised them by suddenly adding to the conversation without being asked. "Me too," he said, his voice mumbling around a mouthful of bacon. "I pissed the bed once when I was nine. Had a bad dream I think."

"You never said anything about that before big fella," Scott said.

Matt shrugged. "You never asked," and went back to his food.

Dan and Scott exchanged glances at this latest revelation, but decided not to pursue it. "Do you think we should say anything to Aiden?" Dan whispered.

Scott shook his head adamantly. "No fucking way mate! I mean, I feel like bad for him and stuff, but think about it Danny. Even if we say anything to him, it's not gonna change what happened. He pissed the bed, end of story. Telling him anything about us isn't gonna fix it, it'll just put us in the spotlight. Better to just keep quiet, and let him deal with it. I know it's not great, but at the end of the day, telling him about our stuff ain't gonna change nothing. I feel sorry for him, but there's absolutely no way I'm telling him anything about myself. You can of course, that's up to you. But leave me outta it."

Dan was forced to agree, although a bit reluctantly. "S'pose your right mate. It was prolly just a one-off thing anyway." But he thought he might have a word with Aiden later anyway, not to tell him any secrets, but to let him know that not everyone was going to hate on him.

After breakfast, the boys gathered in the quadrangle, where they were led in a vigorous calisthenics class, warming them up for the day ahead. Dan was pleased to see that Aiden had joined in with the main group, and was talking to his friends. He even laughed a couple of times, which Dan saw as a good sign. He sincerely hoped the smaller kid would overcome his embarrassment about what had happened.

The boys were again broken up into different groups, with Dan and Matt being placed into the bike riding group to start off with. Dan was looking forward to riding a mountain bike along the forest tracks, but he had some concerns about wearing his pull up.

His experience had shown him two things about bikes and pull ups. First, a Goodnight didn't usually stand up too well with the rigours of bike riding, often breaking the elastic around the leg bands, and secondly, riding a bike usually resulted in his shirt creeping up, and his pants creeping down, meaning his little nappy had a better than average chance of being exposed.

Excusing himself briefly, he ran back to the cabin, where he removed his Goodnight, sat on the toilet and peed as much as he possibly could, and swapped his grey sweatpants for his camouflage shorts. This wouldn't attract any attention, as shorts were better than sweats for bike riding, and the dark green camo shorts would hide any leaks better if they should occur.

Being unprotected wasn't ideal, but Dan already knew that there were going to be times when wearing a diaper wouldn't be feasible, and this was one of them. Besides, as long as he was careful, he shouldn't have any problems.

It felt strange as he jogged back to where the other kids in his group were waiting for the teachers to unlock the bike shed. He felt lighter, freer somehow, almost normal. He remembered what it used to be like being a normal boy who didn't wear a diaper all day. He missed it, and for the thousandth time found himself wishing and hoping that perhaps one day he could be like that again.

At least he was now, if only briefly.

*787*2017-07-02 11:05

Chapter 27:

"Amy! Nikkis here!"

Sonia's voice resonated into Amy's room from downstairs via her open door. She had been laying across her freshly made bed, reading the chapter of her social studies book that she had been too distracted to concentrate on during class, her pacifier rolling around in her mouth as her tongue twirled it over and over as she concentrated. She grinned, throwing the dummy back into the safety of her drawer, slamming both it, and the book shut, then running downstairs as quickly as her footie pyjamas would allow on the polished floor. She ran into the kitchen, tilting her feet a bit to get off the grippers that covered her pyjama feet, and deliberately sliding to a dramatic stop in front of her friend, who laughed gaily.

"Amy! Don't do that! You'll break your damn leg or something." Sonia chided, trying hard not to appear at all amused by her daughters enthusiasm.

"Sorry mummy," she said, without a hint of sorrow, as she grabbed the shorter girl in a tight hug, making Nikki drop her bag and grunt as she returned it.

Nikki was dressed in a pair of black lycra knee length bicycle shorts, with a pink hoodie with the word "Princess" printed in pretty script across the front, with pink ankle socks and her sneakers.

"Aren't you cold?" Amy asked, pointing at her choice of shorts.

"Nah," Nikki replied with a grin. "So long as I've got a warm top on, I'm okay. My legs don't get cold."

"Come on! Let's go to my room," Amy squealed excitedly, grabbing Nikkis hand and dragging her toward the stairs. Sonia smiled at the sight of the girls as they ran up the stairs, holding hands and giggling. She noticed how her daughters diaper was sticking out of her pink pj pants, but didn't say anything. When Amy had arrived home from school, Sonia had suggested setting up the air mattress in her room for Nikki to sleep in, but Amy had declined, saying that Nikki could just bunk in with her.

"What about your nappy though? Nikkis sure to see or feel it."

"Doesn't matter mum. She knows I wear them. It won't bother her."

Sonia sighed, but smiled happily to herself. Teenage girls were just so hard to read sometimes. There were times when Amy could seem mature beyond her years, serious, solemn, even dour, especially when it came to dealing with her incontinence, but, at other times, she could be as silly and giggly as a three year old, running around without a care in the world about her nappy showing. But as long as she was happy, Sonia wouldn't interfere. If her daughter was comfortable enough to be openly padded around her friends, it was certainly better than "The Olden Days," as she was starting to think of them, when Amy had no friends and no social life. Back then, Sonia had begun to despair about her little girl ever even having friends, let alone being comfortable enough around them to let her protection show, not to mention sharing a bed while wearing them.

"Whaddya want to do?" Amy asked, as Nikki kicked her sneakers off without worrying about undoing the laces.

"Don't care," Nikki replied with a shrug of her scrawny shoulders. "So long as you don't actually expect us to do any stupid studying!" This proved to be somewhat hilarious, and both girls laughed out loud.

"We oughta make it look good though," Amy suggested, gesturing to her desk, where she'd spread out her science books for window dressing. Nikki grinned, adding her book, writing folder, and pencil case to the general clutter. Amy noticed again how everything that Nikki owned was cheap looking, obviously purchased from a K-mart or similar, just like her clothes, schoolbag, and lunchbox. She thought how it must be tough going to an expensive private school, where nearly all the kids came from families that were more financially comfortable than what yours was, and nearly everyone had the latest toys and gadgets. Nikki did have a cell phone, but it was a big old non-smartphone type, with no internet access, and prepaid, to be used only for texting and emergency calls.

"Wanna game?" She suggested, pointing at her Xbox, and Nikki enthusiastically agreed.

"I used to have a Xbox," she explained with a touch of sadness, "but it broke, and mum couldn't afford to fix it. I don't even have any games anymore. I sold 'em for extra money last holidays. I can't wait to turn 14 and a half so I can get a part time job!"

Getting an after school job wasn't anything that Amy had ever even considered. Firstly, she couldn't imagine wearing a diaper to work at McDonald's or anything, plus she didn't really need one. Sonia was able to provide her with most things that she needed within reason. The sudden realisation of their differing financial positions made her feel guilty, now she thought about it, but she didn't think that Nikki felt anything bad towards her, which was nice. Amy didn't think that Nikki actually had a bad or jealous bone in her skinny body.

Soon, they were laying on there stomachs, side by side, playing Spyro, and having a great time. They didn't even hear Sonia coming up the stairs, and she surprised them when she stuck her head through the open door to announce that dinner was ready.

"How's the studying going girls?" She asked sarcastically, suppressing a smile at the way both girls blushed.

"Just taking a break," a red faced Amy muttered, pointing at the book strewn desk. "Don't wanna like burn out you know?"

"Suuurrre, 'studying,' Sonia said with a grin, providing a silly voice to go with the air-quotation marks she made.

"Muuuummm......." Amy begun, but stopped when Sonia laughed at her, ducking out of the room.

"You think she's on to us?" Nikki whispered.

"Yeah," Amy replied. "I can never get too much past mum, but she's really cool though, you know, like for a mum. She can be a bit of a dag though."

Dinner was well received. Steak, salad, and french fries, with fruit salad for dessert. Amy had yogurt instead of ice cream on her fruit salad, less she risk upsetting her stomach again. She hadn't been game enough to have ice cream again since her disastrous messy accident in front of Dan and Sue way back when they first met. Nikki surprised them both with her appetite. She ate everything in front of her, quickly, but with manners, obviously relishing Sonia's cooking a lot, and even finished off some of Amy's unwanted fries, and accepting the offer of a second bowl of desert. Even though she was stick-thin, it appeared that she had hollow legs. Sonia eyed her with a touch of concern, silently wondering when the kid had last eaten a generous meal of decent food. She made a mental note to invite both Nikki and her mother around for meals more often.

"Can I help with the washing up?" Nikki asked politely after the table was cleared.

"Nah, we just chuck it all in the dishwasher," Amy explained. "Don't you guys have one?"

"Yeah. It's called 'me!' " Nikki said, and mother and daughter laughed at her joke, thanked her for offering, but Sonia sent them back upstairs to continue "studying," not forgetting to add the quotation marks.

The two teenagers decided that perhaps half an hour of revision might not be a bad idea, even though there was no test, but it made them feel a touch less guilty at the same time. Sonia was actually surprised when she knocked, then walked in anyway without being invited, and found the pair of them sitting opposite each other, cross legged on the floor, with their books spread out between them, giving each other random questions to answer. Sonia affected a dramatic swooning motion at the sight, and Amy responded by playfully sticking her tongue out while Nikki laughed.

"I'm going to pop over to Sues for a coffee," she explained. "She just rang me, and I think she's feeling a bit lost without Danny there."

"She's not the only one," Amy replied in a mock gloomy voice.

"Maybe I should invite her to your 'Our Boyfriends Are Away And We're Bored On A School Night Without Them, Even Though We Wouldn't See Them Anyway, So We'll Have A Slumber Party' party?" Sonia replied sarcastically, making Nikki giggle again at their mother-daughter byplay.

Amy quickly assured her that wasn't necessary, and after moaning dramatically about being "forced" into standing up and giving her mother a kiss goodbye, she turned around and grinned mischievously, as Sonia's footsteps echoed as they descended the stairs.

"Your mum is pretty cool," Nikki said with a grin, then burped, "and a great cook too!" She glanced at Amy, who was standing directly in front of her, then added "Your diapers sticking out, Ames." This was said in a complete matter-of-fact tone, as if she was commenting on the weather. It was one of the things Amy had grown to love about her friend.

"Meh! So? It's not like you haven't seen it before! Hey, are you cool about like sharing a bed, ya know, like sleeping with me? I mean, I am the worlds biggest bed-wetter and shit, I like totally get it if you'd rather sleep on the air bed thingy."

Nikki looked surprised. When Amy had suggested it earlier, Nikki had jumped at the chance. She wondered if perhaps she had somehow given Amy the idea that her bed wetting bothered her or something.

"Don't be stupid Ames! Coz I know you're gonna wet. Why do you suddenly think it'd bother me? It might cost you though. I might charge you a diaper for it, I think. Whaddya say? Can I please wear one too? I ran out of my Goodnights ages ago. If I hadda known we was going to like have a sleepover, I woulda saved one. To tell ya the truth, it'd actually make me feel better too. I mean, I haven't wet the bed in absolutely ages, like an accident I mean, I still do it on purpose every now and again, just to keep mum on her toes. I just like don't dare to do it too often, 'cause she'll end up taking me to the doctors, and he'll know I'm faking it. But it would be just my luck to actually have a real accident the first time I ever sleep in the same bed with anyone. I keep thinking it'll probably happen if I ever slept with Scotty, although that wouldn't be like for years or anything anyway."

"Cause you can wear one," Amy replied. "I was going to offer you one anyway. Not cause I thought you'd piss the bed or anything, but I know you like 'em, and it'd kinda make me feel better too. I've never-ever slept with anyone except mum, and even though I know you're cool, I still feel real weird about sleeping next to you while I'm diapered."

"BYE GIRLS!" Sonia shouted, and they yelled their response as the front door closed heavily, and the deadlock engaged.

"You still doing that pee-undie thing?" Amy asked with curiosity, feeling safer to openly talk about it now that her mother had left, and wetting was back on the agenda, as it always seemed to be whenever Nikki was around.

Nikki grinned broadly. "Wearing 'em right now," she admitted with a chuckle, patting herself softly on the crotch of her bike shorts. "Peed in this pair 37 times now! I've rinsed them under the shower a few times, but I haven't actually washed them, like in the machine. They're like permanently stained now."

"My God!" Amy replied, eyes open wide with wonder. "How come they don't smell then?"

I washed them in the shower yesterday," Nikki explained, "so they're as clean and fresh as they're ever gonna be. I was kinda hoping I might get to wet them tonight perhaps? You know, if we played any peeing games?"

"Whaddya mean 'if?' " Amy said wickedly, making them both giggle about the naughtiness of their conversation.

Nikki pulled at her crotch a bit. "I kinda need to go now actually. I deliberately didn't pee since after I got off the bus after school, 'cause I was sorta hoping we might do some pee stuff together tonight."

"Didja pee your pants in the park walking home again?" Amy asked, fascinated as always by Nikkis daring when it came to doing that while walking home.

Nikkis evil grin was answer enough. "Yeah. I wasn't going to. I peed at school at lunchtime, and I was gonna hold on and not go again until tonight, but by the time I got off the bus, I was busting, and I knew that there was absolutely no way that I was gonna be able to hold it for that long, and when I cut through the park, there was no one around, so I sat on a bench, pulled my dress up, and soaked my panties! Oh Amy! It felt sooo good! I made a HUUGE puddle under the bench, and my knickers were sticking to my butt! I was kinda lucky really. I passed a group of boys as I was walking out, and if they hadda turned up like a minute earlier, they woulda seen me sitting there holding my dress up while I peed through my underpants!"

"Oh man! That WAS lucky," Amy replied, feeling a familiar warmth that wasn't pee related inside her diaper, as she pictured Nikki wetting under her school uniform. "Your mum never finds out?"

"No. Not yet, anyway. I get home before she or Troy do, so I rinse 'em out, and hide them under my bed, and put clean ones on. If I get the chance to do my own laundry, I'll put them in the washer with my uniform, if not, I'll just leave the clean dry ones in the basket for mum to find. Sometimes, I'll get three or four pairs under my bed, and I'll haveta wash them by hand in the shower so mum doesn't find them." She shrugged, "It's pretty easy really."

"So.....are ya thinking about wetting yourself tonight?" Amy asked, trying to sound merely interested, and not excited.

"Course I am! If you are too? I didn't wanna keep borrowing your diapers all the time, that's why I wore my bike shorts. I can wet myself in them, you can't tell by looking, and they dry out real quick. I figured if we got the chance, I could maybe pee in them outside, then just get changed for bed!"

"Well, we've got a perfect chance now, don't we?" Amy asked. "Mum'll be gone for awhile, so we can go outside around the pool! I'll take my pyjamas and nappy off, put some pants on, and do it with you!"

Nikki squealed with delight, and clapped her hands together. "That's great Ames! I thought you'd probably be happy to do it with me!"

Amy busied herself, searching through her chest of drawers, finally emerging with her pink teddy bear panties, light blue high cut running shorts with lace trim, that she had wet in front of Dan when they had played in her pool a few weeks ago, and a bulky knitted jumper, with sleeves so long that her hands disappeared into them.

"What do you think of these?" she asked Nikki, showing her her choice of pants. "Danny liked it when I peed in these, but I think I'll need a jumper on tonight."

"They're cute!" Nikki exclaimed. "And, if you wanted too, I bought some cigarettes?"

Amy shook her head with a wistful smile. "No thanks Nik. Me and Danny made like a pact, that we aren't gonna smoke anymore, 'specially after we got caught last time."

Nikki looked confused. "When did you guys do that? Daniel was smoking with Matt and Ali at Scotts place when they slept over last week. Scott told me."

Amy rounded on her, eyes flashing.

"What? Danny was smoking? That little shit! He promised me he wasn't gonna do that anymore, and I said the same. The rotten bastard!"

Nikki suddenly felt contrite, realising that she had said something that she shouldn't have.

"Geez Ames, I'm sorry. I didn't know you guys had like made a deal like that. I shouldn't have said nothing. Don't get all mad with him."

"I'm not really mad," Amy explained. "I kinda understand why he would I s'pose. It's not like I don't ever feel like one myself, it's just I think he would be stronger than that, you know, like have more willpower and stuff. I'm just a bit disappointed that he didn't tell me, that's all."

"You're not gonna get into a big fight with him or anything, are ya?" Nikki asked, nervously.

"Nah, I guess not. But, if he can cheat like that, so can I!"

She turned her back to Nikki, and dropped her pyjama pants and pull up, unable to see the way Nikki admired her bare buttocks as she slipped into her panties and shorts, then shrugged into the jumper, pulling it over her pyjama top. Slipping her feet into her flip flops, she issued instructions to Nikki.

"Come on Nik. Let's go wet our pants! Bring ya smokes!"

*791*2017-07-05 13:00

Sorry for the delay, but I've actually been researching. I've been reading the whole thing from the start, although hurriedly, not actually word for word, making notes on relevant things.

It started when Amy was looking for her shorts to wet. I could not remember exactly what her favourite panties and shorts were that I'd mentioned last time.

Then there was the name of the substitute teacher who wouldn't let Dan go to the toilet, (Davies) or his teacher, (Ft Ryan.) Or a dozen other little things. Plus I wanted an accurate timeline written as well.

So for three days I've been making notes, and I'm up to page 19. From there, I can remember everything, so the urgency isn't there anymore, but I had to remember some details for upcoming chapters.

Ive actually got a lot more ideas and scenarios to play out now than what I had when I started! I've got a lot in store for the kids to come........

Some apologies though.

It is glaringly bad how many times I've rehashed Nikkis story. Someone (Alex or Jippy?) actually pointed this out before, but I couldn't see it until I re-read it. And I'm still doing it in the last chapter.

I think we all know about Nikkis quirks and backstory now. I've gotta stop repeating it and do more new stuff with her.

Ive kinda overdone her by repeating shit too often.

Also, I've been getting away from the core, "fun-stuff" a bit too much I think. Instead of being a fun, semi erotic fetish story, I think I've been starting to take it too seriously some times, perhaps taking the fun out of it a bit?

Im committed to Dans camping story playing out as I see it, but I've got too let the kids have a fun, wet, playful weekend when he gets home from camp......

The good news for me personally, is that I'm still really enjoying writing it, and Im about to start the next chapter as soon as I finish this Authors Note.

I just hope that some of you are still hanging on! Please give me your feedback guys and girls!

Am I starting to overthink this a bit too much lately?

I won't be able to reply for awhile as I'll have the next chapter saved in my drafts, and that automatically pops up as my next reply. (Phone, remember?)

Anyway, thanks for reading.

*796*2017-07-06 12:03

{{11 hours ago, DesperateCAN said:

Will there be some sort or a Flash-Forward to the future? With D&A married. You've put in little hints about the future in some chapters.

}}

I kinda doubt it, although I've thought about it. Part of the fun is watching them learn and grow, and I don't think it'd be the same as more jaded adults.

If anything, a glimpse into the future with them still together could be a nice, neat way to finally round out the last chapter eventually.

Or, I could kill them.........

