A Valentine's Wetting

Author: OmoGirl25

*000*2013-02-28 22:23

It was around 3pm on Thursday which happened to be Valentines Day. I was in my room waiting for Brian to come over like we planned. We were going to a movie that his mom and him had suggested we go see called “Warm Bodies”. I liked the sound of it since it was a zombie movie and had romance in it. I was excited to go. I was just worried because it had gotten to be later and later and Brian still had not shown up. I thought” oh great he wont get here till later and we will have to go to a later showing or we wont get to go at all”. He had said he was going to get all dressed up and I should to. There was time to do it but I didn’t know if he was gonna show so I didn’t bother even though I had all I was going to wear out.

It was around 3:30 or later then I decided I would go on my laptop until he came but that quickly ended when I was tired and close to falling asleep. So I thought oh well I don’t know when he is coming so a nap won’t be bad. So I laid my head on my pillow and fell asleep. It wasn’t much later that I was almost asleep and herd “don’t look” coming from outside my door. I pretended I was asleep like I always do and Brian came over and woke me up. “Wakey Wakey” he said. I rolled over and rubbed my eyes.

“Hi” I said in a sleepy voice. “Happy Valentine’s day Hun” Brian said. He was holding a single pink rose, a stuffed bunny, and a heart box of chocolates. “Thanks” I replied as I took the rose and smelled it. I put it down and he showed me the stuffed bunny. “My mom saw this on the way out and she thought it was cute” he said. “It is cute I love it” I replied to him. I snuggled it. “Hey it’s a ball” I said. I looked at the tag of the bunny. “A beanie baby ball”. I laughed as the words came out of my mouth. “I’ve never seen something like this before”.

“Yeah I no” he said. “They are new.” I put the bunny on my dresser next to my rose and placed the chocolate box on there as well. “I will save the chocolate for later” I said. He and I sat on my bed. I was still waking up and wasn’t fully conscious I would say. We both sat down on my bed and started cuddling. I felt so comfortable I almost felt like just sleeping and not going to the movie. But I had been looking forward to this for a while and knew I would go later.

We cuddled for a while then I looked at the clock and realized it was after 4pm. “wow” I said it’s after 4 I should probably get ready. I sighed as I got up from the bed. Brian got up and asked” do you want me to go out so it’s a surprise what your wearing?” yes” I said. “Awww” he moaned then he walked out the door. I followed behind him and closed my door and locked it. “Hey” he said from outside. I just laughed. “Wait can I play Pokémon while you get ready” he asked. “Huh oh sure”. I went over to my table b my bed and grabbed my DS with Pokémon in it. “Here you go” I said.

“Thanks” he replied. I got undressed and into my clothes I picked out. A short black skirt that went almost to my knees, a black cami, and my black and grayish white striped shirt I just got. Then I put on some makeup. I never usually wore it unless it was a special occasion. In my opinion I did an ok job on it. Then when I was done I put on a black headband and made my hair look nice. When I decided I looked nice I walked to the door and opened it. Brian looked up from the game and stared in awe. “Damn” he said slowly. He walked in my room. “I did an ok job on my makeup I think” I said.

“You look beautiful” He said fast. “Aww thanks” I said. He quickly grabbed me and pulled me close. “My sexy princess”. Then he kissed me. After I grabbed a light jacked that I thought went with the outfit and grabbed my phone and iPod. “I’ll bring my ID just incase it is a rated R movie but like you said it’s probably not” I said. “Yeah” he said. It was time to walk to the mall for the movie by this time. We walked downstairs and got our shoes on. At that time my parents and brother were right there. They were all doing their own thing. My dad asked” you going to the movie now? “Yeah we are dad” I said. “Have fun and be safe” my mom added. “Yes mom” I said. We walked out the door.

*002*2013-03-01 23:06

Continued...

It was cool outside and my legs were cold in a skirt. “It’s cold out” I complained. “We can always go back and change if you want” Brian said. “Nah I like this outfit “I said. We got to the top of the street and made our way to the stop light. “I’m more nervous now then I was before I came here” Brian said happily. I laughed “I’m excited to see the movie” I said. We got to the light and pressed the crosswalk button. We waited in the cold for the light to say cross. We kept complaining because it took a few minutes to let us walk. When it did we walked slowly. We got to the other side and the mall was very close. I had the urge to pee. I had realized a little before when we were walking. When I walked I kinda hopped a little.

“I gotta pee” I said. “We are close to the movies don’t worry you’ll make it” Brian said. “I know” I said. I kinda didn’t feel like going even though the urge would have gotten worse and I would be itching for a bathroom soon. We got inside the mall where the movies were. We stopped so Brian could get his money out to pay for tickets. He looked in his pockets and couldn’t fine it. “You’re kidding” I said sad like. He then realized it was in his back pocket of his pants. “Thank god. I would have made you walk back alone and get it” I said. I knew it was kinda mean but in reality if it had happened I would have walked back with him to get it. He paid for the tickets and we went to get popcorn and snacks. We got a large coke, medium popcorn and a box of Reese’s pieces. We walked into the theater and to our amazement no one was in there.

“Yes” we both said. We walked to the top of where the seats were. We sat in the middle of a row. I started eating the popcorn immediately because I had not eaten a lot earlier that day. “Someone was hungry” he said. I ate a few more bites and put it down. I looked down sadly. “I feel fat now”.“You’re not fat” he said. I had a long sip of the coke since I just had popcorn and my mouth was dry. We watched the trailers for a few minutes then I decided that I should go to the bathroom. I would have held it but I didn’t want to have to go during the movie and miss it. Even though before this happened I had imagined me having to pee very bad like I was bursting and having to wait cuz I wanted to finish the movie. But I didn’t want to take the risk.

“I’m gonna go to the bathroom before the movie starts” I said. “Ok” Brian said. I walked down out of the theater and looked for the bathroom. It took me a minute to realize there was one right outside our theater. I went in. I thought no one was in there until I heard a toilet flush when I was peeing. I stopped quickly and waited for the person to leave. “Phew” I sighed.

Then I finished up and washed my hands. To my amazement the girl was still there just finishing up doing her makeup. I thought she was gone. We both glanced at each other and gave a small smile. Then she left and I fixed my hair and went back to the theater. When I got back there were more people in the theater. And I saw the girl from the bathroom was there as well with her boyfriend I’m assuming. I sat down next to Brian and had a little bit of popcorn and pop. There were a ton of trailers and Brian kept complaining about it. I got a little annoyed but there were some good ones that I liked and thought I should go see.

*004*2013-03-05 02:42

I'm kinda surprised i didnt but i like how it turned out in the end

Finally the movie started. I was excited. Brian seemed relaxed when I looked at him. An hour and a half went by then I started to notice Brian was bouncing his leg and seemed to be fidgeting a lot. I didn’t know if he was doing it involuntarily like a restless leg or if he had to pee. I decided to wait it out and hope he would say something if he had to go. Around 15 minutes passed by then he said to me” I gotta pee”.

“Now?” I said shocked and seemingly annoyed. Yet in my head I was like “Yes he has to pee”.

“Can you wait till the movie is over”? I asked him. “Yeah” he said. “It should be over soon.” I looked at the clock on my phone it was around 6:45 or. I didn’t know how long the movie was going to be. Now knowing he had to pee I was noticing he was jiggling more and more and at times making some noises like he leaked a little. I was wondering if he was gonna make it. Luckily the movie got out at 7:15. Brian jumped out of his seat and grabbed his stuff. I was still sitting in my seat cuz I liked staying and watching the credits to see if there was anything more being shown. “The movie is over” he said. “I know, but I like to sit and see if there is anything at the end”. I said. He stood there for a bit then said “I don’t think there is anything more.”

“Fine I said. I started grabbing my stuff and he was already walking to the stairs. I got my stuff and started walking slowly to the stairs and down them. Brian was already turning the corner when he walked back and stood there waiting for me. We walked out of the theater. And he started looking for a bathroom. I quickly grabbed his arm and started walking towards the exit doors. “What are you doing?” Brian said loudly. “I have to pee” he said. “You will soon I wanna walk around the mall a little first.” I said. He tried to get away but I had a good grip on him. He sighed and stopped resisting. “Fine” he said. “But I will need to pee really soon, so don’t be too long”.

“Ok Hun don’t worry” I said with a smile on my face. We walked to the mall part and I thought of a few stores I could go in to make him wait. We went to between 5 and 10 stores and he became more and desperate. It got to the point he was holing himself with one hand and holding my hand with his other. He was moaning and walking carefully so as not to leak any. At times he even let go of me to hold himself more. I let him just follow behind me. “Hun, I really can’t wait anymore I’m gonna burst” Brian said. In my head I was going crazy. I loved seeing him desperate and about to wet himself.

“Okay okay I’ll take to the bathroom now” I said. “Thank you” he said. I was a little disappointed at him. I thought maybe he could last longer. We headed towards the bathroom. Brian was walking slow as his hands were holding himself and he didn’t want to leak. We were getting close to the food court when Brian stopped in his tracks. I looked back at him. “What’s wrong Hun, we are really close just a little further” I said. He was looking down hair in his eyes so I couldn’t see his expression. “Hun?” I asked concerned. “I...don’t know if I can make it.” He said tearing up. “Yes you can it’s just a little further” I said. I put my hand on him but as I did that he gasped and moaned.

“Fuck…no….” he slowly got the words out. I looked down and realized there was a wet spot on his pants. He grabbed himself tighter moaning. “You can do it Hun we are close” I said again. I hugged him. “You can do this, just slowly move.” I said reassuringly. He was breathing heavily. “Ok” he managed to sigh out. We slowly walked towards the bathrooms. When we got there we were shocked. They were being cleaned and no one was allowed in. “God dammit” I heard Chris say. “I can’t hold it any longer. I’m gonna pee now.” I grabbed his crotch. “What are you doing?” He screamed. “I’m trying to help” I said. “No, you’re gonna make it worse” he said gritting his teeth. Just at that moment I felt more of a wet spot and it was growing.

“Noooooo…..I’m…I’m peeing.” Brian moaned. He fell to the ground wetting himself. I let go of him since I knew I wouldn’t be any help. “Hnnnn I can’t stop it” he said. His pants grew wet and he made a puddle around where he sat. His head just was low and I couldn’t see his face. He peed for a few minutes then I heard him stop. “Are you done? I asked concerned. “Yeah” he sighed. “Can you stand up? I asked. He got up slowly his pants dripping a little. “Feel better? I asked. “I do” he said. He wiped his hands off as much as he could. I hugged him. “I’m sorry I made you wait so long to go” I apologized. “It’s ok Hun. As long as you had a fun time today that all I care about.” He said. I smiled. We then walked home hand in hand feeling closer to one another than before. We both had a fun Valentine’s Day we would not soon forget. ^_^ <3

