Dear Desperation Diary - The journal of a watersports novice

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-12-18 14:44

My latest effort is the diary of a watersports novice entitled Dear Desperation Diary

. I'd be happy to get any feedback you have about the first entry. It's from the perspective of a young woman who's moving to the city for the first time and discovers from her landlady a fetish she never knew existed.

1st August 2009

It’s been such a long day. Where do I start? Saying goodbye to everyone was awful but I’m sure I’ll be back soon enough, I don’t plan on staying away too long, not unless I can find somewhere cheaper to rent. I’m lodging in the house of a lovely but quite odd couple, John and Sue. They’ve said I can treat the whole house as my own but I don’t know if they were just being polite which is pretty good of them after our first meeting was when I peed in their front garden.

I’m getting ahead of myself. If I’m going to keep this diary properly I better try and do things in the right order. It took so long to drive here I was pretty desperate to pee by the time I reached the outskirts of the city. I looked for somewhere that might have toilets but ended up lost in the suburbs, a maze of houses and one way streets and no obvious way back to the main road. I ended up driving round and round in circles, getting so uncomfortably desperate I grew close to wetting myself in the car.

When I just couldn’t wait any longer I stopped and jumped out, spotting a high hedge round a garden. I darted through the open gate and round the side of the hedge, shielded from the road by the thick green leaves and with only one window of the house facing me. I couldn’t see anyone inside so I squatted down and pulled my panties to my knees, holding them away from me so as not to splash them. I’d hardly got them down when the world’s biggest piss gushed out of me, an unstoppable river that soaked the grass at my feet.

Of course it was at that point that a car pulled into the driveway next to the garden. There I was flashing my bits to the world and a woman climbs out of her car to find me squatting on her lawn. I willed myself to stop peeing but it just kept coming out even as I stood up and frantically pulled up my panties, getting them soaking wet, it was so embarrassing but finally I was able to stop any more from leaking out, even though it made me feel even more desperate than before with the hot liquid soaked into my underwear.

“Hello,” she said to me. As simple as that, as if I was an old friend of hers.

“I’m so sorry,” I replied. “I was really desperate and I couldn’t find a toilet and...” It felt awful, mumbling whilst the last escaping trickles of pee ran down my trouser leg. I could feel how warm my panties were and I wanted to run away but she was so polite to me, inviting me in the house to calm down and somehow in minutes we’d agreed I would rent the spare bedroom upstairs. I’m still not quite sure how that happened.

I lugged my suitcase in and emptied it out onto the bed, sorting through the contents to find a dry pair of knickers to change into. I took them with me to the bathroom. The door was open and I froze on the landing when I saw Sue sat on the toilet in there, her husband in the shower. It was one of those nozzle over the bath showers and there was no curtain. From the landing I could see pretty much every inch of his soaking wet body.

I’d never seen a man’s body like that before. He was cleaning himself thoroughly and my eyes were drawn to his penis, sticking out from his body, rock hard under his fumbling hands. I watched him rubbing and stroking it as he stared at his wife. She’d spread her legs wide and was holding her pussy open with her fingers.

It was weird, I’d intruded on something intimate and very private. I wanted to walk away but I couldn’t move. Sue began to pee while I stood there and it was at that point that she looked up and saw me. I expected her to yell at me or at least to push the door shut but she looked away again, as if she didn’t mind me watching her. I stared helplessly at her peeing whilst her husband stroked his cock. When she finished she stood up, pulling off her top to reveal her large round breasts before climbing into the shower and kissing her husband.

The spell was broken at last and I was able to move, running back to my room and closing the door gently behind me. I listened by the door, waiting for them to leave the bathroom so I could go in there. I knew what they were doing and I opened my door a crack to peek through, unable to help myself. From where I stood I could see straight in and the sight filled me with such an odd mix of feelings.

Sue was bent over in the bath, gripping the taps as John stood behind her holding her hips, thrusting in and out of her as they fucked, actually having sex as the water splashed down onto both of them. I kept looking at his face, seeing how happy he looked, the way he smiled each time he pushed himself into her, never saying a word.

I felt a tingle inside me, the kind of tingle that normally ends with me masturbating but I was too desperate for the toilet to enjoy the sensation. I pushed the door closed, not wanting to get any more turned on by the sight of his glistening cock moving in and out of her. I looked round the room for something to pee in, eventually settling on the bin in the corner. I would have to hide it and empty it once I could get into the bathroom. Or maybe out of the window.

I tried to distract myself for a while, still hoping they might finish and I could get to the toilet in time, ignoring the growing pain in my bladder as I hooked up my laptop and hung some clothes up in the wardrobe. Eventually I just couldn’t wait any longer, I had to pee and another glance out of the door showed they were still fucking in the bathroom.

I stepped out of my trousers and pulled off my panties before placing the bin between my legs. I squatted as low as I could, the plastic rim of the bin digging into my legs as I perched on top of it.

I was just about to let go when there was a knock on my door and Sue’s head peeked round, her face looking flushed and her hair dripping onto the floor.

“Just checking you’re okay,” she said, taking in the sight of me squatted over the bin. I wanted to hold in my pee but for the second time today it just started coming out. There was a long silence between us, the only sound was the loud hiss of the gushing pee falling into the bin as Sue’s eyes moved down to the flow of piss, entranced by the sight of my urination.

“I...I needed the bathroom,” I muttered.

“Don’t worry about it,” she replied. “I’ll rinse the bin out for you.”

She came into my room, quietly closing the door behind her, holding a towel to her chest and humming to herself as she waited patiently for me to finish peeing. I tried to force it out faster and a splash gushed out, nearly spraying onto the carpet. When I finally stopped the bin was surprisingly full and Sue snatched it from me before I could stop her.

“Won’t be a minute,” she said. I pulled up my knickers as she walked away. She had to let go of her towel to open the door and it slipped down, falling to the floor and revealing her naked body to me for the second time that evening.

“Oops,” she giggled, not bothering to pick it back up. “Back in a minute.”

I looked at the rounded shape of her breasts as she backed out of the door, her nipples were rock hard and I felt a sudden urge to suck them into my mouth, the first thought I’d ever had about women in that way. I heard her pour the contents of the bin into the toilet before she came back to sit beside me on the bed, putting an arm round my shoulder.

I didn’t want to look at her body but I couldn’t help it, she was so close to me, I could feel her leg against mine as she faced me and kissed my cheek. “You stay here as long as you like. Pop and see me if you need anything.”

I saw this notebook in the drawer and I just had to write down everything that’s happened, in case I wake up tomorrow and think it was all a dream. I’m still not sure if I want to stay here but at least I’ve somewhere to sleep for tonight and I can always find somewhere else tomorrow.

Hope you liked the first diary entry. The other entries can be found in the book on amazon

.

Luna

