The Omorashi Complex

Author: GaijinJohn

*000*2012-07-11 15:59

I told Kimiko about this idea a while ago. Surprisingly, she liked it, but asked if she could be in it. I thought that was quite a strange request, since this is basically about the humiliation of pretty girls like her, but I obliged. I'll just get a few lines done before going to bed.

My first draft of this was in Japanese; since the website specifies to use English, I have translated it as best I can, though it can be difficult to reflect honorifics and status in English.

###

The first thing Kimiko thought as she emerged from a narcotic stupor was that her head hurt. The second thing was that she needed to use the bathroom. Neither of these things merited much concern. As her eyes opened she noticed a third, far more disturbing thing which jolted her awake. She'd never seen the room she was sitting in the corner of before, and it certainly wasn't the bar she'd fallen asleep in. The room resembled a tiled bathroom around 10x10x10 metres in size, and was completely empty, except for 3 other girls whom her eyes were too drowsy to identify in the other corners, a girl in a suit standing in the centre of the room, and a large man in a military uniform with his arm around her. There was a solitary door on 1 side.

As her vision became clearer she could identify several cameras pointing in various angles positioned around the room. She looked down at her body and received another shock. Her clothes were not the same. They'd stripped her...at least she had clothes, if only a white t-shirt and a blue miniskirt, both of which were tight and revealing. The only apparel she had from the night before were her socks and cheap trainers. Lifting her skirt up, she could see she was still wearing her white underwear too. If she was not still addled with chloroform, she would have panicked. Since she was, she sat still and breathed deeply.

The large man walked over to her and crouched down. Looking at his face, she could see that despite his muscular build he still had the face of a charming schoolboy. Actually, he was one of the most attractive men she'd seen in a while. If it wasn't for the suspicion that he was about to ravish her, she might have liked him.

"Madam, she's woken up."

"Help her up." It was the girl in the suit. Her voice was that of a schoolteacher ordering a boy.

"Yes, madam."

He grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her upright far too quickly. Kimiko's stomach vaulted. By now her eyes had recovered enough to regard the girl in the suit. Even to a straight girl, she was exceptionally attractive. The skirt of her suit finished, like Kimiko's, too far above her knees for the remotest sense of decency. Below were toned legs in transluscent tights exaggerated by the excruciatingly high heels she wore. Kimiko never wore high heels. (Neither does Kimiko in real life. I've taught her well.) It's not worth shortening your hamstrings for appearances. Besides, she didn't need to enhance her appearance. Most men, and some women, had complimented her on how pretty her face, or, in cruder cases, her rear was. The fact that she was still a virgin at 19 was a choice, and one she was proud of. A cruel suspicion told her it would not be something to be proud of for much longer.

###

Well, at least I got it started. Hopefully I'll be able to get some more done tomorrow.

*001*2012-07-15 10:00

At last, I've actually got round to doing some more.

###

"You are a pretty girl, aren't you?"

"Well, I guess so..." Kimiko struggled to seem as calm as possible in her circumstances. She wasn't going to be timid this time. She was going to be assertive.

"Do you have a boyfriend? Is he handsome?"

"That's none of your business."

An intimidating silence ensued as the girl stared at her with complete contempt.

"Now, listen," said the girl, slowly and ominously. "You're going to do exactly what I say, and answer any questions I ask you."

"Why?"

The man tightened his grip on her arm. His other hand patted a holster on his waist.

"If you don't comply, Takahiro here will have to discipline you. And I promise you won't enjoy it." Kimiko was filling with a surreal fear which accentuated her need of relief. This stuff didn't happen in real life, did it? She wasn't really going to be raped, surely...

"Yes, madam," she whimpered, lowering her head.

"Come over here, Takahiro." The girl was beckoning him. Takahiro strode into the centre of the room and stood by her.

"Good boy. Now, help up all the other girls and bring them over here."

"Yes, madam." He followed her orders swiftly and exactly. Kimiko's bladder was causing her some severe discomfort. She rubbed her legs together in an attempt to reduce the pain without showing it too much. She looked up and saw the faces of the other girls. All of them were exceptionally attractive and dressed the same as her, save for the colour of their indecently short skirts.

"Missy Pissy?" came an incredulous voice Kimiko knew far too well. "You're here?"

"Yes, Yaeko. I'm here." Of all the people she knew to be in this room, she could hardly have feared worse. Yaeko, dressed now in a red miniskirt, had tormented her since her first day at college. She was equally attractive externally, but internally she was a nasty little bitch. Kimiko hated her, and so in return, but while Kimiko never wished to see her again, she loved bullying Kimiko more than almost anything else.

"And you two? Really? Holy shit." Kimiko looked right and saw 2 of her friends, Kasumi and Tomoe, dressed in purple miniskirts and standing very close holding hands. Both of them were rubbing their legs as if desperate for the bathroom. If the "hot lesbian" stereotype could be personified, here were 2 of the finest examples. She was simultaneously relieved that there were people she liked with her and worried for their safety. Yaeko, notoriously homophobic, also took great pride and passion in making their lives as miserable as she could.

###

Well, at least I got a bit more done.

*004*2012-07-17 16:01

###

"Stand against the wall," said the girl in the suit. Takahiro patted his holster again. All 4 girls pressed their backs against the wall as quickly as possible, given the state of desperation they were in.

"Now, listen. I'm sure you're all worried that Takahiro is going to rape you or something. Let me tell you honestly, he won't hurt you..."

Kimiko relaxed a little, but only a little. She didn't trust that girl at all.

"...if you do exactly as I say. If you disobey me, you will be severely punished. And I don't care how kinky you are, you won't enjoy it."

Even Takahiro was looking slightly worried at this point. Glancing into her eyes Kimiko saw a mind more depraved than any she'd glimpsed before. A stunningly smart and sexy girl was not the stereotype of a pervert, but Kimiko had no doubt that "pervert" was the label which fitted this girl the most accurately. She felt a deeper fear than she ever had before. Her bladder was causing her severe pain, but she tried not to show it. All the other girls, even Yaeko, were trembling slightly, and all of them were suffering as a result of their bladders.

"My request of you is simple," the girl continued. "Are you all house-trained?"

"What do you mean?" Yaeko's defiant drone was laced with fear.

"Can you all control your bladders?" The girl spoke as if that was a serious question.

"Well, I can, and I think those two can, but Missy Pissy here has some serious issues."

Kimiko was affronted, but she dared not object.

"That's 3 out of 4 at least. All I am asking you is not to wet yourselves. It's that simple."

"Well, that's easy enough. Where's the bathroom?"

The girl giggled. Giggled is really too innocuous a word to describe her laugh. Sniggered is probably closer.

"Through that door. Takahiro has the keys."

"Can we go, then? I really need to pee."

"No. That's the point. You have to stay in this room and not wet yourselves. And don't think you can just drop your knickers and pee on the floor. You will hold it in until your bladder ruptures if I say so."

Yaeko's arrogance dissipated. Kimiko felt her fear and desperation increase, hand in hand. Kasumi and Tomoe were rubbing their legs and clutching hands so tight their knuckles had whitened.

"I can see all 4 of you are in dire need of relief. But let me tell you this. If you had one half of the contents of my bladder inside yours, you would wet yourself instantly. I have not used the bathroom for hours." Behind her calm demeanour this girl was more desperate than the 4 against the wall put together. Her impeccably toned legs slid past each other, the only indication of an agonising desperation.

"Why am I keeping you here? The answer is simple. I enjoy seeing pretty girls desperate for the bathroom, and enjoy being desperate for the bathroom myself. I've done this sort of thing before, and let me tell you this - I have never even let a drop of urine touch my underwear. But the other girls? Well, they last a while - sometimes up to an hour - but they all drench themselves in the end, and you are no different. So I give you a challenge. If any of you can hold it in so long that I wet myself before you do, you can go free. The rest of you...well, Takahiro has a lot in store for you."

The 4 girls stood stunned, unable to believe or understand what they had been told. The girl in the suit was confident. No girl had ever taken her remotely near her limits before. Her underwear was safe today. Takahiro, the only one in the room not in need of the bathroom, was showing some distress.

###

Now I'm off to bed - just to sleep this evening, unfortunately.

*005*2012-07-18 15:38

I've decided to discontinue this for 3 reasons.

1. I have a much better idea in store.

2. The quality of the writing here is, to say the least, abysmal, and nowhere near my highest standard.

3. Subsequent events involve high levels of non-consensuality and may violate (ha ha) the Terms of Service.

Apologies to all who were following this.

