Red Hood (Arkham Knight spoilers)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2015-09-13 09:15

This story spoils Arkham Knight's Knightfall ending. Don't read if you haven't hundred percented Arkham Knight. With that being said, this was a fun little adventure into male omorashi sort of. Enjoy I guess.

I once had someone tell me that seeing the life drain from the face of a man who knows they are going to die is the worst thing to witness. I’ve got to tell you though; seeing the serial rapist in front of me resign to his fate was a little bit thrilling. I leveled my pistol at his head. Are you feeling lucky punk?

“Oracle to Little Red, come in Little Red.” A woman’s voice spoke through my comm.

“Barbara?” I asked skeptically.

“Great. Just give my name out to a criminal, again. Thanks a lot for that Jason.” Barbara scolded me.

BANG! “I don’t think he will be an issue.”

“Jesus Christ! Jason, we don’t kill.”

“I think you have me confused for someone else. What do you want, anyways?”

“Two Face has escaped GCPD. With Bruce… we need you to stop him. No killing.”

“That’s not really my M.O. Maybe you should put Tim on the case.” I wasn’t very good at hiding my contempt for the new boy wonder.

“Tim is investigating a loose end in the Order of St. Dumas case. And before you ask, Dick is taking care of Blüdhaven.”

“St. Dumas? Does that have something to do with the wannabe knight running around during my siege on Gotham?”

“Focus, Jason. I need your help on this case.”

“Fine. I owe you anyway.”

“Oh, you mean for getting me kidnapped and almost killed?”

“Bruce caught you.”

“Whatever. Harvey’s last known location is the Solomon Wayne Courthouse in the Arkham City remnants.”

“Of course he is.” I rolled his eyes.

It didn’t take Jason too long before he was perched outside the courthouse. His helmet’s infrared allowed him to scope out the interior. “No guards? You’ve really fallen haven’t you, Dent.”

“Don’t underestimate him.” Barbara warned.

“He’s an ex lawyer. I think I can take him.” I sneered.

“Before you die, can you tell me what happened to you?”

“What do you mean?”

“We were all taught by Bruce, what went wrong with you?”

“It’s like what Dick always says. You can take the boy out of crime, but you can’t take crime out of the boy.”

“It’s circus. He says circus.”

“Close enough. Listen, Babs, I have hot date. Gotta go.” I clicked off the comm. “Hey, Dent. How’s it hanging.”

“Great, another two bit gangster who thinks he’s worth our time.” Two face growled.

“Are you retarded? Do you know who I am? I am the goddam Batman…’s replacement.”

“Of course you are. Don’t you realize you vigilante types only create the monsters you claim to fight?” Harvey cast his gaze downward.

“I have a solution for said monsters.” I held up a gun. “I have two! I know you like that sort of thing.”

“At least you are honest about your inner darkness.” Two face growled.

I should have heard the steps approaching. Bruce would have. My helmet’s live feed was reduced to static as the crowbar met the back of my head. The helmet didn’t reduce the impact and I was floored.

I came to in a small cell. Through a layer of bullet proof glass I saw my guns and my helmet. I was exposed.

“I was hoping for someone I would know. Who the hell are you?” Some thug asked.

“Your worst nightmare.”

“Says the guy locked in a cell.”

“Why don’t you let me out? I don’t have my weapons and it would prove yourself to two face.”

“Well… yeah I can take you.”

Idiot. As I moved to my feet my bladder ached. Damn. It really hurt. Distracted by my bodily need (Bruce would be furious) I almost didn’t dodge the thug’s charge. Almost. Before the scum knew what hit him he was out.

Ki- …catch Dent, then find bathroom. I told myself, struggling to retain a cavalier gait. I took my helmet and guns before I moved back to the courtroom.

“Really Dent. One thug? Is that all that you could find?”

“Damn kid. Why don’t you just give up.” Two face growled.

“Riiight. I really should have learned my lesson last time. I mean you locked me in a cell with an incompetent guard. Let me guess, the coin told you to do it. Right? Let me tell you a secret: you can lie about what the coin says. No one will care.”

“Where would be the justice in that?” Harvey asked. I almost pitied the psychopath.

“What’s the coin telling you now?” I leveled my gun at him.

The disfigured bastard flipped the coin in the air and almost immediately snatched it back, his eyes gazed at the results.

“This is my exit.” Two-face growled. He jumped through the stained glass and head off into the night. I might have reacted quick enough to stop him if I wasn’t trying so hard to no pee-pee dance.

I charged after him. “Jumping through glass, Dent? Do you want scars on the other half too?” For a middle aged ex lawyer he was fast. Weighed down by my bladder I couldn’t catch up.

“Damn.” I mumbled. Immediately I felt hot piss roll down my legs. The relief was almost worth it. Hot liquid sprayed down my thighs. I was sure I was leaving a trail of urine behind me. Actually I looked back and could definitely see tiny puddles of urine trail behind me. It was worth it. As more and more pee cascaded down my legs and splattered across the ground behind I could put more focus into pushing myself forward.

Urine soaked legs threw the earth behind me. The distance between my fellow psychopath and I closed. Harvey darted into an alleyway. I followed his suit. He approached a fork in the alley. Two paths. Two choices.

“Ask the quarter Harvey. Which way do you go. I know you wanna.”

He was actually frightened. With Bruce at least he knew he would survive. Dent must be facing his own morality at the moment. Luckily for him, I was obligated to take him alive. He doesn’t need to know that though.

He actually threw the coin in the air. No longer distracted by my bladder I fired my gun. The coin was gone. Harvey turned to face me, dumbstruck. He tried to formulate a sentence but could only mumbled incoherencies. His legs trembled as I aimed my pistol at him. Something hissed. The part of his pants that were white began to darken and cling to his leg. Pee began to snake away from his feet and pool in the dirty alley.

“You would think you would go number two.” I cocked my head. I clicked on my comm after subduing Dent. Not that he really needed it.

“Finally. What the hell was that about, Todd.” Barbara demanded.

“I got the job done, didn’t I? Debt paid.”

“Fine. You are free to go.” She grumbled.

“Will do. And by the way…. Give my condolences to Dick… if you talk to him. And… I am sorry.”

“I-… Let’s just… I don’t know. By the way, Todd, you may have turned off your comm but I could still see and hear everything you could. Maybe even more so.”

“So you saw Dent piss himself?” I laughed.

“Well yeah, but maybe don’t look at your own potty trail.” Barbara laughed.

*002*2015-09-15 06:53

{{: 

Well THAT was beyond enjoyable. I was already excited for the bits with Jason, but the added scene with Two-Face? Absolutely magnificent.

}}

Would you say it was batman beyond enjoyable;). I'm glad you enjoyed it:)

