Another Note, Redux

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2014-06-01 08:13

Chapter 1: Another Way, Another Start

"N..No....I can't..." a feeble voice whimpered out, as a warmth greeted her lower extremities. It started as a small spot, barely the size of a dime. However, the white cotton quickly gave way to a clear stream, and as it dampened, so did the butt of her seat. The leak had sprung, the dam was bursting, and as the girl's legs quivered around her hands that failed to contain the flood, there was a freeze.

A stutter in the video as it started that arduous process of buffering, and another figure groaned slightly, this one notably deeper. Error messages popped up along the screen, and as the lights on a connected router flickered, annoyed hands roughly grasped at the power cord, and unplugged it.

"Not again..." the voice called, a young male in his later teens. As a pair of headphones were slid off of his head and placed on the table, he ran a hand through his shoulder length, dark green hair. "Damn Router's been giving me trouble for weeks...Maybe time to get a new one."

He stood from his chair and started around his place of residence, a Cozy, (if small) Apartment. Soft brown carpet blanketed most of the area, save for the kitchen and bathroom, and as he strode into the small bathroom, passing by the sink and toilet, he started up the shower. He'd woken up a bit early to..indulge in a video, but with his router temporarily having gone out again....

"It must be a sign..." he muttered to himself, as he disrobed, preparing for his routine. "Or maybe I'm just unlucky..."

It was a simple enough routine. Shower, get dressed, and grab something to eat for breakfast before school started. Well, it would have been simple enough if....

"F..Faust!" a lightly panicked voice cried out, as the sounds of his front door opening echoed throughout the apartment. "Yuno's sorry, but this is an emergency!"

The boy flinched at the voice, his mind racing to piece together the image of the girl that had arrived. She had long pink hair, with two tied pigtails that extended down to her waist, matching, watchful pink eyes that showed off an intense focus on even the lightest of daily activities, and modest, but very much noticeable breasts, usually concealed behind a slightly loose shirt. He had to call out..He had to tell her he was in the bathroom....But, as he heard the girl hastily kicking off her shoes, and noticed he'd forgotten to shut the bathroom door, he knew he had only one option. He quickly hopped into the bathtub, and hid behind the shower curtain, practically falling down as he leaned flat against the wall. As he heard the girl hastily darting into the bathroom, he stilled his breath.

'If she sees me in here....' he thought, glancing at his prone, bare form. If she so much as peeked around the corner of the curtain....

"Ohhh..Ohhhh..Yuno hopes Faust doesn't mind..." he heard the girl's voice moan, before he heard her walking over, and plopping down onto the toilet bowl. The sound had barely reached Faust's ears, before he started to hear a loud, gushing noise, as the girl's stream splashed into the bowl, setting his mind ablaze with thoughts and imagery. He could hear the girl letting out a soft whimper as her stream continued to hiss fiercely, causing his face to flush crimson as he pondered her state, prior to entering.

'She must have been holding it for quite a while.' he thought, as the bathroom was filled with the girl's soft moans of relief. He had to cover his mouth to quiet his own breathing, worried that even the lightest of sounds would give him away. The girl's hissing stream started to quiet down a bit after what felt like an eternity, before he heard her breathe a sigh of relief.

"Ohhh...Yuno's never cutting it that close again..." the girl moaned out in relief, as she grabbed at the toilet paper next to the commode. "Yuno very nearly wet herself...."

The boy flinched at this, waiting quietly as the girl wiped herself, then stood back on her feet, and turned around. She let out a short, sharp gasp at this, making his heart skip a beat in fear.

"W..wow..." the girl's voice called, sounding quite surprised. "Yuno's....Yuno's lucky Faust didn't walk in on her. She was so close to piddling her panties, she didn't even shut the door behind her. Though, Yuno wouldn't have minded too badly if Faust saw her...."

He could hear the girl flushing the toilet at this, as he hoped she would turn around to leave the bathroom. He quietly leaned over the curtain at this, hazarding a peek to see if she was. As he saw the girl's blue skirt, covering her shapely bottom (And stopping just shy of her knees) he breathed a silent sigh of relief as she turned, heading towards the kitchen. Faust hesitantly climbed out of the bathtub after a few more steps before moving towards the bathroom door. He paused for a few moments, pondering his next move, before shutting it, and clicking the lock shut,

'She..She just...and I...' he thought to himself, feeling his heart still pounding beneath his chest, before moving towards the toilet, and staring at it for a bit. A few mere moments ago, the girl had been sitting on this very seat...and as he started to lose himself to a lewd daydream, he heard her voice again.

"Faust? Is that you?" Yuno's voice called from the other side of the door, snapping him out of his trance. He moved back towards the shower and started running the water at this, drowning out the girl's words, and giving him a cover to work with. He then pushed up on a small part below the faucet, quickly starting up the shower before he could hear the girl say anything else. He climbed in soon after, letting the warm, hot water start to wash over his body, and relieve some of the tension he felt in his shoulders from hiding. He shook his head under the water after a bit, trying to dissuade the vulgar thoughts from his mind that emerged from a few seconds ago, grateful that the girl hadn't found him out while she was doing the deed.

'Talk about an interesting morning...' he thought to himself, before starting to lose himself in the warm, comforting shower.

A couple of minutes passed as he finished out his shower, before toweling off, getting dressed, and heading back to the door of the bathroom, trying to put on what he hoped was a neutral expression.

'Just have to..play it cool...' Faust thought to himself, opening the door. Predictably, he was soon ambushed by his pink haired friend, who he knew had been eagerly awaiting his exit from the shower.

"Faust! Good morning!" Yuno cooed, grabbing onto his arm and squeezing it tightly. "Your Timing couldn't have been better. Yuno....A..Ah.."

The girl flushed a bit at this, suddenly weighing the idea of confessing to what had happened before he had taken his shower, before shaking her head. "Y..Yuno means, she just got here! Right after you got out of the shower! isn't that amazing?"

"Y..Yeah." Faust called back, flushing as he averted his gaze from the girl. "It's something else, for sure."

Yuno paused for a bit in what he hoped was embarrassment, and not suspicion, before starting to hum cheerily, a smile finding it's way back to her face.

"Well, Yuno just knows Faust well, is all." She remarked, giggling. "From his favorite foods, to his favorite color, his sizes, to even his sleeping schedule!"

Faust gave a slightly nervous chuckle at this, as he forced a smile.

"Yeah.." he remarked, as he gently started to pull away. "Anyways..I gotta grab my things from my room Yuno. Could you get me something from the fridge before we head out? I kind of overslept, and think we might be coming close to running late."

The girl nodded at this, beaming a contagious smile, before she let go of her boy, and started off towards the kitchen again. Faust breathed a small sigh of relief at this, before moving to his bedroom to gather his books. He scooped up a small black bag that was laying on the floor. before starting to stuff them in.

"Math...Science...History.." he muttered as he deposited them, dully. "Just another day at School ahead of us...Nothing. new. Nothing interesting...Nothing...."

He paused at this, noticing a small black book that was sitting under his English Book that he was rather sure wasn't there when he woke up this morning.

'What book is this?' he thought quietly, before lifting up his English book, and glancing at the new one beneath it. It had an..unnatural, almost sinister feel about it as he ran his fingers over it. He could practically feel a jolt through his body as he ran his fingers down the smooth cover, black as night, save for two words on the cover, looking carefully, and beautifully penned in white ink, presumably the subject manner of it .

'Another Note'

*005*2014-06-05 05:08

Chapter 2: A chance encounter

The boy turned the book over in his hands, looking at the newest arrival. Though the cover seemed to be of a simple material, something about it seemed...unsettling to him.

Don't suppose Yuno left this here as a joke.. Faust thought, before he flipped it open, seeing but a simple line on the front page.

'The person whose name is written in this book, will wet themselves.'

Faust's face lit up bright red at this, quickly closing the book.

'Now I KNOW it's a joke.' Faust thought, as he shook his head. "It's not like something like that would even.."

"Even be what?" another, unfamiliar voice interjected. A disturbingly sweet, sultry voice. He nearly yelped in surprise, but as he turned to try to see the source of the voice, he was greeted with nothing.

"Maybe I'm just...imagining things." he muttered to himself, rubbing his head. He did wake up earlier than he was used to, so it could just be his mind playing tricks on him.

"Faust?" Yuno's voice piped up. "Is everything okay in there? Do you need Yuno to help you with your things?"

"Ah..I'm fine!" He quickly called back, as he picked up his English book, and stuffed it into his bag. "I was just...fixing up my bed is all. Be out in a sec."

His eyes glanced towards the black notebook, eyeing it warily. Part of him just wanted to leave it where it was, and throw it out later. It was clearly a Hoax with how brazen it was in it's 'effects'...and yet.. Part of Faust wanted it to be true. He wanted the notebook to have some sort of power towards it, even if it made no logical sense for it to. He wanted that kind of power.

"Oh, okay." the girl's voice called, snapping him out of his thoughts again. "Though, could you please hurry up a little? Yuno doesn't want Faust or Yuno to be late!"

Faust took a last glance at the book, before hastily stuffing it into his bag, and flinging it over his shoulder. As he started to head out towards the door, and his Pink haired friend, he had but one thought.

Well, what's the worst that could happen?

The pair had made it to their bus stop in the nick of time, boarding it without much trouble. Even as Faust looked around at the sea of heads, pink eyes behind him scanning the area.

"There!" she exclaimed, pushing past him and grasping his hand, as she guided him towards an empty seat. He always sat by Yuno on the ride to school, and today seemed as if it would be no different. Yuno moved in towards the window seat, leaving Faust to idle on the outside, where he could see many familiar faces. There were girls from his class, talking about something he couldn't hear, another student feverishly finishing some homework, and one of the swimming club members slumped up against the window.

Guess the rumors are true....She really can sleep anywhere. he thought lightly to himself, quickly averting his gaze so as to not look like he was ogling her. Even in a position like his, where you couldn't help but look all around the area, he tried to keep his eyes from wandering.

Which is why, when he found his eyes meeting another girl's figure, he flinched. Her shoulder length, bob cut purple hair caught his eye, alright...But seeing her body start to tremble, and her arms at her sides, he couldn't help but notice the signs. She was quivering, shaking, and if he could see her face, he bet she'd be cringing too. He had just been about to think more into it, when a gentle nudge snapped him out of it.

"What are you looking at, Faust?" Yuno's voice inquired innocently, as she peered over the seat.

"N..Nothing!" Faust quickly stammered, sitting back down hurriedly. "It's just...just..."

A small grin seemed to form onto Yuno's lips at this, before she poked Faust in the side.

"Yuno understands." She ribbed, nudging him. "Faust is looking at the girl three rows up, isn't he?"

Faust quietly shook his head, prompting a stiffer poke from his pink haired interrogator.

"Yuno knows what she sees." she called, leaning forward with a slight edge to her voice. "You shouldn't try lying to her. Faust isn't very good at lying."

The boy flinched a bit at this, before nodding quietly, turning his head back to the purple haired girl.

"Yeah...I'm just..." he admitted, glancing at her. "I'm....just wondering..."

"If she's gonna make it?" the girl interjected, leaning over. "Yuno..doubts it. Yuno knows that girl..."

Faust paused at this, before turning towards the pink haired girl, whose eyes had focused on the desperate purple haired girl. He could see her sliding back and forth in her seat, the edge of her purple skirt visible when he leaned to the side.

"Necromonium! Stay in your seat!" the voice of the bus driver called, quickly snapping his attention back to the seat in front of him. He was a bit worried...but, at the same time, a part of him wanted to peer back over at her. To see if he could make out her face at this...to...

Suddenly, the world started spinning, and Faust felt his head clouding up. He closed his eyes at this, and leaned forward, feeling his stomach start to lurch.

"Faust?" Yuno's voice called, as he felt a hand placed on his back, gently reassuring him. "Are you gonna to be okay?" She continued to rub at his back gently, a look of concern on his face. Faust quietly groaned, his thoughts of the girl in front of him quickly fading.

"I'll..be fine." he called, as he leaned forward, waiting on his body to settle. He got motion sick rather easily if he moved around while riding in any kind of motor vehicle, and the bus was no exception. It was all he could do the rest of the ride to keep his stomach from rebelling against him, and the bus couldn't have made it's final stop any sooner. A gentle rubbing at his back, and a reassuring voice met his ears again.

"We're there, Faust." Yuno's voice called, as the doors to the bus opened. Immediately, the purple haired girl jerked up from her seat, and dashed to the front of the bus, her hands pressed firmly against the front of her skirt. Faust could see the girl darting out, as Yuno stood up, holding out her hand.

"Thanks." Faust called in a quiet voice, as he took her hand, and made his way to his feet. The rest of the group herded up, quickly crowding the middle of the bus. Shoulders bumped, people chattered, and as they shuffled off, Faust and Yuno stood back to let them disperse. Faust was wary of getting ill, and Yuno....Didn't like to be touched. After a solid minute of chatter and herding, the two were alone on the bus save for the driver.

"Come on lovebugs.." the driver called, glancing at them through the rear view mirror. "I know school sucks, but you should get to class. If you don't work hard, you'll end up like me, driving kids around. Ha!"

"Maybe I wouldn't get so sick then.." Faust mumbled, as he sidled out of the seat, Yuno quickly following in behind him as they started up. Faust's eyes wandered as they moved, eyes forward and idly scanning the bus. As he moved past the seat the purple haired girl was sitting in, a small shimmer caught their eyes.

"Ah....She must have Lost a little.." Yuno's voice whispered to him, prompting the boy to blush from ear to ear. However, as he looked up from the wet spot, he saw a small black bag against the seat.

It must be hers.. he thought, before leaning over, and picking it up. I'll..Give it to her when I see her in class. The two shuffled off the bus at this, starting through the school doors at this, and entered the halls. As they moved, Yuno quickly quickened her pace, moving to his side.

"Yuno will..see you in class." She called, a bit of urgency in her step. "Yuno has to go..freshen up real quick."

"Ah, okay Yuno." Faust called, averting his gaze from hers as she quickly scurried off.

'She really could just tell me she's going to the bathroom.' he though, before pushing into the classroom. His eyes quickly scanned the room for the purple haired girl, hoping she was there. However, as he scoured the room, he couldn't find her.

'Could have sworn...' he thought, before moving to sit down at his desk. As he placed his things down though, he was greeted with a sensation he hadn't been expecting this early in the day.

Throb

He flinched as he slid his hands down a bit. He hadn't actually got around to using the bathroom before they got to school. Normally, he'd just be able to hold it, but something compelled him to move. Told him that if he hadn't started moving right away, he was going to be wetting himself.

It's not even that bad...but.. he thought, as his feet carried him along, moving through the halls swiftly. The small urge started to grow at this, and as he moved along, he quickened his pace a little. He could feel a few pairs of eyes following him, and a shiver seemed to run down his spine. Something about the whole situation was just..outwardly strange. He quickly rounded the corner in the hall, and ducked into the men's bathroom, seeing that it was empty. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see a flash of black, but that didn't matter now. 'God..Haven't had to go this bad in a while.' he thought, ducking into one of the stalls and unbuttoning his pants. As he opened his pants up, and started to prepare to relieve himself, he felt a hand graze his cheek.

"Hello there, boy." the same, sultry voice from the morning that he was sure he imagined called. His eyes glanced down at the hand on his cheek, a black, leathery material covering a set of long slender fingers. He turned his head ever so slightly, his eyes moving.

"Wha..." he called, getting part of a glance at the figure. It was taller than he was, with an otherworldly pale tone to it's skin. Red, ruby eyes with a commanding tone to match, and a rather..generous Bosom that gave away it's gender easily. They were easily C's, possibly even Ds..And as his eyes went up and down, the figure was wearing a dark and tight outfit, that hugged her curves in a most flattering fashion. However, there was one thing that betrayed the woman's true nature. Something that he was ashamed to have not noticed until just now...

"Do you like my wings, Boy?" the woman called, black, feathery wings draping around him, and brushing against his skin. Each pinion felt like a jolt through his body, and even as his bladder relieved itself, he couldn't help but shiver wildly as they stroked at him.

"W...What.." he stammered, as he shook, his face paling a bit in surprise. "What the Hell are You?!"

[Chapter 2: A Chance Encounter, End]

*010*2014-06-14 18:11

Chapter 3: [A Push in the Right Direction]

"Now Now Now...That's incredibly Rude of you to say.." the mysterious winged woman called, with a dark grin. "When you see a friend, you ask 'How are you?'" Her wings brushed over him, sending shivers all through his body. "How are you?"

Faust flushed at this, his bladder finally ceasing, as he put himself away, and turned around to get a look at the woman. Pale, almost porcelin skin...Generous breasts, full curves all through her body, and long, silver hair that completed the 'otherworldly' air about her. She was quite pleasing to look at, but he had more important things than that to learn.

"My..Friend?" he inquired, as he pulled up his zipper. "I don't remember ever meeting someone..quite like you." However, before he could fasten the button on his pants, lithe, soft fingers slid down between his hands.

"You still don't know.." she called, gently pressing against him, as her fingers worked around the button. "I'm nice enough to leave you that little book, and you don't use it. After that little scene from this morning, I figured you'd...Jump at the idea."

Faust flushed, before falling back on the toilet seat, and gripping his pants.

"W..What are you talking about?" he called, hastily buttoning his pants as his face flushed bright red. "I...I don't...I don't know what you're.."

"Shhhhhh..Hush hush, darling." she cooed, glancing around as footsteps started to echo in the bathroom. "Don't want everyone to know that you're talking to yourself, now do you?"

"W..Wha?" Faust sounded, as the being moved back, floating towards him. As he was worried about being pressed back into the stall, the woman simple faded, floating back through him. He felt several jolts through his body, and shivered lightly.

"Only you can see me.." she called, her fingers sliding around his cheek. "Only You can hear me. Anyone who's touched my book..That lovely note you picked up, can even warrant my attention."

Faust shook a bit, before placing his hand on the stall door. He quietly pushed it open, obtaining nothing more than a slight glance from the other boy in there. Even as he walked out with the voluptuous figure, the boy did not react. Even as he turned, and looked at where she was...His expression didn't shift.

It really is like she's not there to them. he thought, quietly passing through the bathroom and halls. Even with class beginning, there were still a few students walking about. And yet, no matter how many walked by, none of them turned their eyes to his newest, ethereal companion. He opened the door to his classroom, the only reaction being his teacher turning.

"Ah, so nice of you to join us, Mister Necromonium." she replied, curtly. Even as he strode in with the floating etheral woman following behind him, nobody batted an eye. Not even..

"Faust!" Yuno's voice called, beckoning him over to the seat beside him. Faust hesitated for a bit, watching the ethereal woman float over to the desk beside where Yuno was gesturing, sitting on the top of the desk, rather than in the seat. The desk did not falter or shake in the lightest, even as she settled down on it. She crossed her Long legs, her hands resting on the desk to relax. As Faust moved over, he couldn't help but get a quick look at her long, slender legs, covered by thigh high black stockings. He flushed slightly, prompting a giggle from his companion.

"Like what you see, Hon?" the woman called, as Faust felt someone tugging on his shirt.

"Faust?" Yuno sounded, a gentle concern in her tone. "Are you okay? Yuno is a bit worried you're glancing off like that...."

"Ah, I'm fine, I'm fine." Faust called, quickly raising his hand to his face, and rubbing his eyes. "Just...a little tired, is all. Long night.."

"And quite the vulgar morning." the woman's voice called, the same rosy tone to her voice teasing him. "What with your little darling here nearly wetting all over her pink, polka dot panties. I think there was a little spot.."

Faust's face lit up at this, bright red as a ripe tomato. His thoughts raced back towards the morning and the near-miss in his bathroom, before hearing the teacher crack her ruler on her desk.

"Alright everyone, settle down, settle down." she called, strutting around the room. "I know you're all so excited to be here, but you all have some learning to do. So, you can all start by..."

Several hours passed, class feeling like it was moving a bit faster than usual today.

Could just be because I've had a crazy morning... Faust thought to himself, as he leaned down onto his desk. He'd finished most of his work for the period, class had ended, and he was just about to catch up on his missed sleep when...

"N..Necromonium?" an unfamilar, yet quiet voice called out. He quietly opened his eyes and leaned up at this, seeing the purple haired girl from the bus this morning.

"Yes?" He answered lightly, noticing she was holding her bag. "Ah, I'm glad you got your bag back. I..."

"Y..yes. Thank you." the girl called, flushing slightly. "Yu..Yuno told me you picked it up for me on the bus. I...wanted to properly thank you for bringing it, N..Nec..Nec..."

"It's no problem." Faust replied, waving his hand a bit. "And..please, call me Faust. My last name's..kind of a mouthful."

"R..Right...F..Faust." the girl stammered back, before quickly turning away from him. "I...I've got to go do S-something. I'll see you later..F..Faust."

Her hands seemed to slide down to her waist at this, as she darted off. He could hear the long quiet woman next to him click her tongue lightly, and shake her head.

"Poor thing's got no capacity." the otherworldly woman chided, her fingers tapping at her sides. A small, yet perceptible smirk could be seen on the woman's face as she watched the girl dart out, as if knowing the outcome of the girl's predicament, before even she would. Faust bit his tongue on a response, before standing up from his desk.

"I'm..gonna run to the bathroom real quick." he informed the pink haired girl beside him, who sprang to her feet.

"Yuno will go too." she piped up quickly, latching onto his arm. "Yuno didn't want to go out into the halls alone, without Faust beside her."

Faust gently shook his head, a small smirk finding it's way to his lips, as his gaze turned back to the Ethereal figure. The ever present, ever spine-tingling smirk on her face still. As they marched out, she started to gently glide along, her ruby eyes shimmering with the tells of a plan.

"History wasn't too bad today, for once." Faust spoke to Yuno, trying to dissipate the silence between them, from his monitoring the woman.

"Yeah, but Yuno doesn't much like History." she cooed back, squeezing his arm. "Yuno thinks we should focus on the here and now..And our time to come!"

Faust could hear the woman's voice giggle slightly at this, clearly taking on a second meaning to the phrase. He gently shook his head, as they came up to the bathrooms, Yuno moving to the one opposite of him.

"You'll wait for Yuno if you're done first, right Faust?" the girl asked sweetly. "So that she doesn't have to walk back alone?"

"Of course." Faust replied, with a gentle smile. "So long as you're willing to wait on Me, if you're done first too."

Yuno giggled at this, nodding lightly as she quickly twirled, Faust catching the tiniest glimpse of pink dots underneath her skirt as it went up a bit. His face flushed red again, before the woman placed her slender fingers on his back, her hands feeling firmly at him as she guided him in.

"You want to see more, don't you?" she sounded, her small smile a bit wider this time. "You want to see something better than that video you were watching, don't you?"

"How do you...How did..." Faust stammered, trying to ask two questions at once, before shaking ihs head.

"Just...What do you even want? I don't know who you are...what you are..or even why you're here. Why don't you tell me?"

The woman's smirk lightly faded at this, before she closed her eyes and let out a small sigh.

"Very well, if you must know.." she called, folding her arms under her bosom, emphasizing it towards him. "I guess I can start..at the top....Much like you seem to be."

Faust's gaze quickly averted at this, flushed once more.

"I...I wasn't staring." he denied quickly, prompting the smirk to return, with a slight giggle. After a few moments, the woman mounted herself onto the sink, and looked Faust straight in the eye.

"My name is Saril." She called, one of her hands moving to rest under her chin. "I'm a Goddess, you see."

"God?" Faust interjected, raising an eyebrow. "A God of what, exactly?"

His question was met with a stern glare and a slight scowl, prompting shivers of a different kind down his back. She didn't have to say anything for him to get what she meant from that. "Sorry, sorry..I'll be quiet."

Saril's smirk returned, as she uncrossed her legs, Faust getting a good view up her inner thighs, just shy of where her panties would be.

"Good." she stated, her eyes watching his every move, and how he looked her over. "I am a Goddess of one's latent, carnal desires. Of Lust, of Mateship, of..intimacy. Foreplay, intercourse, and the like. However, for the sake of this journey...You can say I'm a goddess of..Accidents."

Faust's face flushed slightly, mouthing the word as he stifled his response. The woman's smile broadened, as she crossed her legs once more.

"You see, as a Goddess, I get to witness all sorts of things from all over." Saril continued, her tone losing a bit of it's sensuality, for a more..dulled tone. "But you see, it all gets..dreadfully dull after a time. Watching event after event, thing after thing...It's like that video you were watching before. Pleasant, but far from...Ideal."

Faust averted his gaze from the woman again, still thinking about it. He didn't want to say it, but he had been losing interest in a lot of the videos he'd seen. They were likely actresses, all paid to pretend to put on a show, then get their paycheck. They didn't seem genuine at all. Just carbon copies of the ones before them, and the ones that would be after.

"Soooo..." Saril added, snapping him out of his train of thought. "I figured, why should I be content to just watch, when I can....act?"

Her long, slender fingers reach into her tight outfit, pulling out a single piece of paper that had been tucked away in her bra. She held it out for Faust to grab, letting him do so before she continued.

"As you can see here.." she called, as he unfolded the paper, still warm from it's previous position, with a rosy scent to it. "I took a few..liberties with my work."

Faust glanced at the paper, flushing as he started to read it over.

Yuno Gasai: Drinks a large coffee on her way to her friend's house. Feels herself starting to fill up rather fast, and bursts into the building without letting him answer. Barely makes it to the toilet before wetting fiercely.

His mind raced to put images to the words. The pink haired girl sipping at a cup of the energy-provoking drink. After a quick pace, her face flushing and her stance staggering as her hands slid down. Yuno gently pressing at her skirt as she started to hastily sprint towards her destination. Her shaking hands gripping the doorknob of his house, and charging towards his bathroom. As her hands would move to the side of her skirt to peel down her panties, a small golden spot on the front of them, a long finger pressed to his face to snap him out of it.

"Somebody's fantasizing." Saril teased lightly, having leaned forward towards him, and exposing more than a healthy amount of cleavage. Faust choked back a response, before the woman floated over to him, and wrapped her arms around him. His eyes glanced below Yuno's name, seeing his own.

Faustus Necromonium: Heads towards the bathroom and makes it to the first stall, before starting to gush.

"You see?" Saril called, as her hands trailed down his side. "With this, you don't have to fantasize about your lewd dreams. You can make them happen."

Faust blushed at this, starting to consider the possibilities. He could make scenes as he pleased. He could witness something that he'd always wanted to see...

"How do I know it's real?" He called, quietly. "How do I know you're not just trying to humiliate me, and that the school's in on it?"

Saril let out a small chuckle, floating back around him and placing herself on the sink once more.

"How about a trade?" She called, her fingers sliding down to her tight skirt. "I'll give you the undergarments I'm wearing, soaked with piss..."

Faust's view trailed down to her skirt, watching as some black, silky undergarments were welcomed into his view. As he tried to avoid staring, he saw the woman pulling out an intricate, black pen from her side.

"If you...Give my little Note, a try." She propositioned, spreading her legs to show off the lace covering her, and holding the pen out to him to grasp. "Just....One....Time."

[Chapter 3: a Push in the Right Direction, End]

