Problems for the 7's (Valkyria Chronicles Fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Qrogan

*025*2015-11-24 02:20

{{:

Ah, I've been meaning to reply! I haven't read the latest part or been able to comment on the last thing you said, but I've been so busy with work (such as Fallout 4) that I haven't gotten a chance to play more of Valkyria Chronicles. I'll read the latest chapter soon, hopefully, and I'll comment on it then.

I think the worst thing about writing DL stories is, no matter how good they are, they still have a niche appeal, even on this site.

}}

I don't think I'd call it DL yet... But I do find myself thinking how boring the story might be. I try my best to spice things up a bit but there's that point in writing where you just need to stop or things get too... vivid for the reader. It's hard when you do diaper stories. I'm kind of jealous you have Fallout 4, I really want it but it's so darn expensive. $60 is a lot more than it sounds when you're poor.

*027*2015-11-25 04:00

I'm heading up to Michigan for some things tomorrow, so I'll be there until this upcoming Sunday. Hopefully I can get chapter 5 in via Ipad but, I might not be able to get Chapter 5 out until next week. I'll try to get it posted up there but I'd say a safe time to expect the next chapter is next week.

I've seen a lot of people lately viewing this fanfic so I just want you guys to know, please leave a comment! It helps me decide what to do with the next chapter and makes this fanfic page not so... boring! Side chatter is always nice every now and then. Just try and keep it positive. But please, feel free to critique my fanfic politely, as it helps me make the next chapters even better. Just don't go overboard. It's my first.

Just leave all your comments here and I'll check them all out as soon as I can. Thank you for your patience guys (and girls)!

*029*2015-12-01 17:25

Im back. I was back Sunday but now I've chopped (sliced more like it.) my finger open. Had to get to ER for stitches so I won't be able to post much until the 10th or around that time. Really sorry about the wait.

*032*2015-12-05 03:26

Thanks for all the positive energy, I really appreciate it. I have 3 stitches to be exact... It seems to be healing quite nicely so I hope I'll be able to get chapt. 5 in soon but like I said, doc said 10 days so sometime around the 10th.

{{:

Don't you die on us man!... Or woman.... Or alien life form.

}}

Yup. I'm in that 'alien life form' section. I won't die though. wasn't that bad.

*034*2015-12-05 22:36

I have it dressed up but it's still sorta hard to type. Small rounds of typing won't hurt but a chapter makes me nervous. Instinctually using my left index finger could be catastrophic if it's bad enough...

*035*2015-12-09 23:38

Stitches coming out tomorrow. Really excited to get these darn things out of my skin. Only hope it won't get busted back open by a random jerk or something. Home stretch!

*036*2015-12-10 23:15

The honors have been done! The stitches are out now and I am still alive! *still alive song from portal plays* Here's the long-overdue Chapter 5 you've all been waiting so patiently for! Again, thank you all for the support!

Chapter 5: Awakening and Troubles

Before Faldio came in at night with the lance and shield,there really wasn't much that could be done for Alicia, but the doctors were working overtime to try and get it fixed so she could be back in action ASAP. Isara was stressed out as well, just as the whole squad was. Everyone was still shocked that Alicia was shot. Alicia herself was shell-shocked from the sniper round. An hour later, Welkin was called to the medical tent to find the doctor holding a rifle round.

"It's a round from an experimental sniper rifle." The doctor sounded quite sad when he stated "It's from a Gallian experimental sniper rifle." Welkin just wasn't ready for that yet. "Wait, so the sniper was on our side!?" Nothing sucked more than knowing someone on your team just shot your girlfriend, according to Welkin's thoughts just then. Alicia woke up to find every member of Squad 7 in the medical tent with her. The ragnaid helped, it felt wonderful, but she was more worried about her gunshot wound and how it hadn't healed like normal. Everyone was getting ready to leave for bed and she passed out again.

The doctor on duty was getting ready but heard a crackling, he grabbed a fresh diaper from Alicia's diaper bag and got her changed, he'd had worse in his days than a small wetting. He took her bag back to her tent and left her to heal overnight, since it was common knowledge that she just randomly healed overnight.

Once Faldio was sure no one was watching, he walked in the medical tent and laid the armaments of the Valkyrur upon Alicia's chest and left the tent to get some sleep. He thought about what he had done. He had robbed the nearby museum of its prized possessions, the Valkyria lance and shield, then ordered a experimental sniper rifle and sniped Alicia, Welkin's... his friend's, girlfriend. He was ready for whatever would happen next once he was found out.

The next morning Alicia had disappeared, couldn't be found. Everyone was shocked once more. Squad 7 rolled out without Alicia. Bad news for them, the Imperial Valkyria, Selvaria, was also there. She walked out before the Gallians. "Drop your weapons and surrender! Or Naggiar Plains. . . Will drink deeply of your blood!" All the Gallian soldiers suddenly looked back and gasped. Of course, so did Squad 7. There stood Alicia, armed with the cobalt flame, lance, and shield, meaning she was a Valkyria. Welkin stared for a moment. "No... She can't be Valkyria!!" Everyone was surprised that she was Valkyria.

Alicia wasn't actually conscious. She was sleepwalking really. She walked past the entire Gallian Army to the front. Selvaria was confused, how could there be more than one Valkyria? "Another sister of the Valkyrur?" Selvaria leaped into action screaming "Well there can only.. be.. ONE!!!!" What should have chopped Alicia in half just hit the ground as Alicia stood only about 6 inches from Selvaria's lance. Both armies watched in awe as the two Valkyrur fought against one another.

Selvaria was getting tired of Alicia's calm movements, so she decided it was time to finish the duel. She charged Alicia full force. Alicia leaped into the air and Selvaria watched in horror as Alicia's lance and shield, which were still retracted and unused the whole time so far, extended and charged. All Selvaria could do was brace herself as she wet herself, why was she wetting herself? The warmth spread down her legs and utterly distracted her. That's when the beam of cobalt light hit her shield and blew her down to the ground. Her weapons retracted and she passed out.

The Gallian Army fought on, and at one point, Alicia passed out. Alicia just... passed out right in front of the Edelweiss. Welkin called the medic who got Alicia back in the medical tent. Alicia had already turned the odds of the fight so much. She needed that rest.

Isara was in the tank when a tank destroyer round went right into the cockpit and landed in front of her feet. She picked it up and saw it was a D-5S 30 85mm tank destroyer round. It literally tore a hole in the Gallian tank. Just before it could fire again Largo, on it's flank, put a lancer round in it's rear and it blew up. That D-S5 30 round scared her so much she had an accident. Luckily, it wasn't very messy, but there was still a sizable mess. She also noticed how it felt... good. That didn't stop her from being grossed out but it felt good. She went about the routine of letting Welkin know so he could buy her time to get changed, without him looking. It had been about 2 or 3 months since the Mulberry event, so she got used to the warm feeling, but she'd never really liked it before now.

Although Welkin didn't know Isara was finally liking it, he liked it himself. Alicia didn't indulge and nor did he. Mostly because it was still gross and awkward. Welkin wasn't the type to go "Ewwwwww gross!!! " but he didn't like his situation. What he did like was the protection that he felt when he wore them, just like Alicia and Isara. Gallia had pushed the Imperials back from Naggiar. If Mulberry wasn't scary, Naggiar sure was.

Back at Randgriz, 4 days later, Welkin looked into who has or had their hands on the experimental sniper rifle the doctor had talked about. The clerk said a tank commander by the name of Faldio Landzaat had gotten one, and she remembered because tank commanders don't usually order snipers. When Welkin searched Faldio's room, since Faldio was out, sure enough, there lied a notebook. He opened the notebook to see notes on the Valkyrur and Alicia. A shocking phrase Welkin found pointed evidence to Faldio being the culprit of sniping Alicia.

"I shot her... I shot Alicia, Welkin's... My friend's, girlfriend. I shot her. I had to, she is a Valkyria. I had to do it or we would have lost." That was what Welkin found in the notebook. He tore off the page and stormed down to where Faldio was in the briefing room with Captain Varrot. "Faldio, answer me. Did you shoot Alicia?" Faldio just looked at Welkin sadly. "I had to Welkin. If I hadn't ha--" Welkin interrupted with a quick swing of his fist. "There were other ways!" Faldio held his cheek where he was hit. "What do you think would have happened if Alicia's powers hadn't have been awakened!" Welkin attempted to throw his fist again to have it caught by Varrot. "Enough! Falido, solitary until further notice for intentionally shooting a comrade. Welkin, 24 hours of isolation for engaging in fisticuffs!"

Alicia woke up to find her diaper felt heavier, by like a gram. The nurse was sitting next to her. "We had to change what kind of diaper you wear. Ever since your Valkyria powers... awakened, your problem has gotten worse." The nurse looks quite sorry for it, but Alicia understood. Wait, that wasn't a dream? She did that!? She was shocked. But she was thankful the nurse had done what she had done, since she had seen the puddle forming underneath the Imperial Valkyria, Selvaria, during their duel she wasn't even conscious in. The nurse had suggested the possibility of a developing diaper fetish in her, along with Welkin and Isara, since they had recently checked in on it. She asked what a diaper fetish was. "Basically, a diaper fetish is where one unconsciously likes wearing and sometimes even using diapers." The nurse was quite serious, having trouble keeping a straight face, but Alicia was like that too.

Alicia thanked the nurse again and walked out to talk to Welkin about it. Sadly, they didn't have the time for talk, since Varrot called a meeting on the next battle, at Ghirlandaio. The goal was to drive the Imperials out of Gallia and win the war in that 1 fight. Selvaria was reported to be there too. That didn't make anyone too happy. But it still had to happen. So the 7's arranged a meeting to discuss this matter. At this rate, the war, hopefully, would be over soon. Or so they thought..

*038*2015-12-11 03:21

Sorry about the wait. Gotta get some sleep. Stitches came out. Large bandage on it to protect it. It should be good to play my violin again by Monday or Tuesday, can't wait! Logging off for tonight. Good night guys.

*040*2015-12-12 00:27

I'm wondering if I should have this 'trio' indulge in it or keep it as it is. It's so hard to strike the two evils at once. Passive or Aggressive? That's the question I am trying to get both, and it is sooooo hard. If anyone has suggestions to make it better, please do let me know here in this wonderful comment sections.

To all you lurkers out there, just join the community! It's fun!

*041*2015-12-22 20:01

Sorry for the wait. Had to fly cross-state. No access to computers meant I wasn't going to be posting anything. Working hard on the next chapter at Ghirlandaio. It should be out soon!

*042*2015-12-26 03:25

Chapter 6: The Eve Ghirlandaio (DISCLAIMER - This is a mini-chapter, so it won't have much content, but it contributes to the story heavily, so please read it.)

No one felt like fighting at the shronthold Ghirlandaio. Everyone knew the Imperial Valkyria, Selvaria, would be there. No one knew if she was planning on using her powers again, and it scared everyone. General Damon had made orders to move on the fortress at dawn Wednesday morning, but no one really wanted to obey him. The last time Damon made orders, 1/5 of the Gallian Army was decimated.

Squad 7 wasn't up to it either. It was Tuesday morning, and everyone had just set up camp in northeastern region of Naggiar Plains. No one liked the idea of pushing forward so quickly, and with the amount of Imperials at Ghirlandaio, it seemed impossible. In Damon's mind, since they had a Valkyria, he'd just keep charging forwards and claiming territory. Alicia wasn't ready either. The soldiers had been telling her to 'Save Gallia' all day so far, and it was worrying her.

*Ghirlandaio, Tuesday Evening, Imperial Command*

Emperor Maximilian sat at his desk patiently waiting for news on the Gallian assault. He knew it was coming. If he knew just how ridiculously dumb Damon was, he knew the Gallians would attack Ghirlandaio. The door opened, and in walked an Imperial officer from Central. "The Marmota is complete, sir." Maximilian just simply grinned and looked at the war table one last time.

Selvaria walked outside to look at the entrance of the fortress. Ever since Maximilian gave her that order, she'd been wrecked. How could she just... die? Selvaria loved her lord too much to disobey though. Nothing would get in her way, not even the soggy diaper. Ever since Naggiar, when Jaeger found the puddle, he suggested "Valkyria Protection", basically diapers... he was just trying to make her feel better about her situation. She hated them, but since it kept morale high for her and her soldiers, she suffered through.

*044*2016-01-12 23:54

Sorry for no update, been really busy with school starting back up and Chromebooks coming in next week... I'm hoping I can get Chapter 7 in by February.

*046*2016-01-13 20:56

### Chapter 7: The Battle at Ghirlandaio ###

### EU 1935, Outside Ghirlandaio--

Squad 7 was going about the usual routine it had been doing for the past 2 or 3 weeks outside Ghirlandaio, which consisted of preparing the tank, checking the guns, and for Welkin, Alicia, and Isara, the daily 4-5 diaper changes. News had spread that General Damon would arrive sometime tomorrow, and that he would be attending the battle personally. Isara had multiple close calls, the closest being with Jane, who really wasn't paying attention, thank god.

Isara had been doing work on the Edelweiss when she had an accident, so she went behind Welkin's tent to the outhouse, unfortunately, Jane had been right behind Welkin's tent around the same time, which Isara had noticed after she had changed. Jane hadn't seen anything, but she looked up when the wind blew across her face randomly. Luckily for Isara, Jane didn't think to look at the outhouse... so Isara's dignity was still intact.

### EU 1935, Walls of Ghirlandaio--

The Imperial troops were about telling rumors that the Gallians were really heading towards the Marmota, and that the assault on Ghirlandaio was a mistake in the intelligence system, which was practically just Maximilian taking a guess at Damon's strategies. Selvaria had her own problems, standing on a wall all day was quite boring. If the Gallians really did attack Ghirlandaio, which she knew fully, the Imperials outside on the grass wouldn't do the trick. Not if they assault is being lead by who she thinks is leading it...

Maximilian had already called the train to Ghirlandaio for departure to the Imperial-Federation-Gallian Border where the Marmota was located, and surely the train would arrive and be out of range when Selvaria completes her mission. Maximilian had no intentions of blowing up Gallia with the Valkof unless he really had to. His plan was to ram the Marmota into Randgriz castle and if Cordelia didn't surrender the nation, he would use the Valkof on something as a demonstration of what it can really do. If anyone happened to get onboard the land-battleship, he would eliminate them personally with his experimental Valkyria project, plugging himself into a artificial Valkyrian lance and shield, causing devastation to anyone in his way. If defeated, he could use his own Final Flame to destroy Gallia once and for all.

### EU 1935, Thursday Morning, Outside Ghirlandaio--

Damon had arrived at around 4:00AM, when Isara had finally fell asleep. Isara would be woken up later at around 5:00PM if she wasn't awake still, since she did have to drive the Edelweiss into battle. Damon, being the greedy idiot he is, demanded the militia move their camps to the crappier grounds so the Army could set up in the better campground area. So the Militia had to spend the next few hours in mud, and Isara was also shook awake to help move.

At around 6:00PM, after everything was prepped and ready for combat, Damon gave the order to attack. Damon knew the place well, since he had been there when it was taken, pulling a stunt with banished poison gas to get out unharmed, then blaming the use of the gas on the Imperials, which worked, even though it was obvious the Imperials didn't need it. As Squad 7, being the spearhead of just about every assault, they went into combat and did their thing. Welkin had forgotten to use the restroom at 5, so he had a building urge inside of him mid-battle.

As Rosie whacked the rail switch hard enough to KO a train, Welkin's urge got worse. An Imperial soldier threw a grenade out, busting the left tread. The explosion literally scared the crap out of him, as he noticed he had an accident as it happened. Isara on the other hand, who was driving the tank waiting for coordinates and a target, wondered what the holdup was. Isara attempted to move the tank, but it was to no avail. She called for an engineer on the radio, who would be there in a matter of minutes.

Welkin needed time to get changed. He'd never had this kind of disaster before, so while the tank was out of order, he ducked down and explained the situation to Isara so she wouldn't start asking random questions, and started getting changed. He finished just before the engineer, Homer, arrived to fix up the tank. He went back to his spot and gave the order to move out after the field repairs. Some Imperial tank destroyers had scored hits on the tank and were harmlessly deflected, since the Edelweiss had received some new Ragnite plating. After Ghirlandaio was taken and the walls blasted open, everyone got settled in for a quick rest outside.

Before the initial assault inside the fort could begin, Selvaria appeared on the walls. She said some pretty dull words, and then challenged Squad 7 to a fight, her being "human" this time, since Alicia had bested her already as a Valkyria. The fight raged on for about 5 hours, until finally, Alicia got behind Selvaria and took the shot, Selvaria falling to her knees being shot so much beforehand. Once they were all on "good terms" again, Selvaria stated how she was struck down and congratulated the 7's for their fighting. "How do you fight like that?" Asked a curious Alicia, who was also Valkyrian. Selvaria replied with a blank "Because I love Him." Alicia couldn't possibly understand.

Alicia had been through much in her times already, and had a budding relationship with Welkin. Selvaria on the other hand, was raised in a lab, until Maximilian had reached out to her and gave her a name and a purpose in life. Selvaria loved Maximilian more than a father, or mother. She loved him more than her own life. In the midst of the conversation, Damon appeared and had his soldiers knock out Selvaria after she made one last request, which was to have her troops transported away by Squad 7.

### 1935 EU, The next day, Inside Ghirlandaio --

Selvaria awoke to be chained and in-front of the monster General Damon. General Damon was just sitting in Maximilian's old chair and congratulating himself for the work of Squad 7. General Damon made multiple insults to Selvaria before finally, she asked "How long has it been since Squad 7 left?" Damon grunted. "About 3 hours, why do you ask?" Damon also called her a witch, and a monster. "I think you forget who I am, General Damon." Selvaria began the process of the Final Flame, breaking from her chains. The Gallian soldiers freaked and Damon gave an order to shoot.

The bullets went through Selvaria as she winced at the shots and the pain they brought. She then blew up. destroying the entire Gallian Army, the Imperial Rear-guard, and killing Damon.

### EU 1935, Safe Distance from Explosion at Ghirlandaio --

A rumble in the ground could be heard as Squad 7 followed the path up. When they looked over at where Ghirlandaio once was, all there was was a mushroom cloud from an explosion. "So this is your answer... Selvaria." Alicia looked at the explosion again as the light hit their eyes. Just after it settled, Captain Varrot came running in, with bad news. "Bad news! There's a massive land-battleship heading through the Kloden Wildwoods on a course for Randgriz!" Everyone turned to see Varrot. She talked about an operation to stop it, Maiden's Shield, working with the Randgriz Royal Guard. It had to work, or Randgriz was doomed to fall. Everyone moved out for the exit of the Kloden Wildwood, with only about 1 week to get there tops. They all could only hope to get there in time.

*048*2016-01-16 06:26

I got my second fanfic out, Star Wars fanfic from the perspective of a stormtrooper in the 501st. Here's the link if you're interested: https://omorashi.org/topic/29491-a-stormtroopers-troubles/

