The Mansion of Eight Doors (Howl's Moving Castle) Parody

Author: PaolaR

*000*2014-10-22 15:42

The Mansion of Eight Doors

A Howl's Moving Castle Spin Off (idea)

Stephanie Morales gasped as soon as the door had snapped closed behind her, and she heard a grinding noise as she faced inward at a circular room with eight doors that all looked the same. What was more, the room started to spin. The doors started to circle her, slowly at first, but within a minute, had sped up to the point that her head felt dizzy, and she lost her balance calling on her butt! Nineteen year old, twice held back, high school senior, Stephanie Morales closed her eyes and held her head as the room spun around. She felt like she was going to be sick.

Her long black hair, the bangs long enough to hide her chocolate brown eyes, and the sides long enough to come down her shoulders and the ends extending past her breasts. The back of her hair fell to near the middle of her back. Her top, a brown and yellow horizontal striped shirt, giving the illusion of some body to the thinner than average girl's body, was untucked from her blue jeans that were pulled up just enough that her parents would be happy with her appearance.

"Where in the world am I?" she asked herself aloud. "I could have sworn this was supposed to be the girls' toilets!" Once the room had stopped moving, and she felt that her head had also stopped spinning, she opened her eyes and pulled herself to her feet. The room was nothing but a circular hall with eight doors in it, and now, she had no idea of which door she had come through from.

Stephanie's light brown arms were exposed from the elbow out because of the short sleeve style of her shirt. Her arms were sort of shaking, and seemed to have goosebumps on them. The hairline just up under her bangs at the room of where her hair grows from, felt warm and slightly wet. Her face felt lightly pink and her eyes were darting this way and that, expecting something out of the ordinary to come from one of the currently closed doors. She wondered, if she just sat there and waited, if someone would come looking for her. She wondered if she should try to get out of the room, and then find her way back to her class. She wondered if the toilets were just one more door beyond this room.

After looking around at the similar brown doors once more, Stephanie knew somehow, that no one would go looking for her, or at least, not anyone that could find her. There was something surreal about this place, and about the events that had brought her here. On an ordinary day, she was sure that the old tyrant, Mr. Hagan, her English teacher, would have made her just sit and wait no matter how much she begged him to let her out of class. On an ordinary day, she wouldn't even need to pee as badly as she had had to go, and what was interesting, was that even at the moment, her need was suppressed greatly in favor of her curiosity of having found this strange room. How could she have been nearly leaking in class, and now, feel only slightly like she had to go?

"Well, I suppose A'll have to find a way out of here on my own. No one has come through her in the last five minutes, and I don't I better wait any longer or Mr. Hagan will never trust me again."

She walked over to a random door, since there was no way to know which one she came from, and pulled on it. It didn't move. She pushed on it, it didn't move. The knob didn't turn. It seemed to be locked. Were all the doors locked? Surely not! One of them had to be the door she had come through, and therefore, lead back down the hall to her English class.

Giving up on the first door she tired, she walked to another door, randomly, and pushed on it while turning the handle. This one did push open.

Part 1 is not finished, but I'm too tired to finish it right now.

I hope this is an interesting start.

No, I do not hope to make this a multi-chapter story. I hope to finish it sooner than later.

