Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 19

Author: Alexxx

*452*2014-08-24 04:24

Agreed! Working on it -- just got back from a mini vacation, and now I'm back to writing! :3

*457*2014-09-05 01:27

(You all are entirely too kind to me. You're all the reason I love to create ^_^, thanks so much.)

###

(Josh POV)

“Hey, do you…mind if I ask you something?”

An autumn breeze traced by, causing the grass to bend at our feet. Though this area was heavily forested, wild Pokémon kept weeds and, ironically, tall grass to a minimum, allowing ease of passage through the otherwise densely forested area. I had met up with Oxygen and after a slightly tearful reunion, we choose once again to team up once more. Sandy was accompanying us temporarily, well, accompanying me anyway, just as a last goodbye before my journey took me too far away. The others were in their Pokéballs, more than content with allowing us to transverse the forested walkway into the deep canopy of Sinnoh’s woods.

“Ask away.” Sandy shrugged, her hands folded behind her head, relaxed.

“Why did you put on that show at the end, with the vices and sins? Did you actually believe that?”

Sandy chuckled. “If you didn’t notice, we at the Elite four have a soft spot for theatrics, Josh.”

I smirked, glaring at my chocolate companion. “That’s not an answer.”

“Having trouble extrapolating today?”

“Only as much as you being direct.”

Sandy scoffed. “I’m as direct as a flight from here to Kanto!”

“In a hurricane, maybe.”

She grinned, elbowing me hard in the ribs. “Perhaps.”

“So? Did you mean it?”

“Mean what?” she blinked innocently.

“You’re infuriating.”

“And you’re a dog that won’t let go of a bone.” She shot back, smirking at my annoyance. “Must everything be analyzed under such scrutiny?”

“This is my life! Your life; our life. It deserves some introspection, yeah.”

“Very well.” She cleared her throat, and stood a bit straighter. “Yes. I believe our vices give us strength.”

I frowned. “More than our virtues? More than anything else?”

“I didn’t say that.”

“Then why do you represent it? Why do you fight as if that was the ideal you hold to the highest regard?” Sandy gave another careless shrug, causing me to audibly growl. “You have to know! You have to-”

“I don’t haaaave to do anything.” She twirled around. “Make it worth my while.”

“Alright. What do you have in mind?”

“I know perfectly well why I fight the way I do, Josh, though explaining it in this fashion is so…” Sandy waved in the air as if to grasp an elusive word. “…it doesn’t do it justice. Let me show you.”

Sandy put down her pack and grabbed a dark bottle from deep inside it, with a strange top and a stranger, but intriguing smell.

“I…don’t drink.” I winced.

“You did in your dream.”

I shot her an incredulous look. “That was different.”

“So you drink to alleviate suffering, but not to have fun? That’s backwards.”

“I don’t drink at all-”

Sandy brought out a few cups, ignoring me completely. “Your subconscious doesn’t seem to agree.”

“That was Darkrai’s influence!”

“Mmhmm. Mmhmm.” Sandy nodded mockingly.

“I’m serious!”

“Look, if you want closure on this, I’m giving you a way.” She held up her glass in a toast.

“I don’t want it like this.”

Sandy’s grin broke into a sigh. “Josh…you know I’m not the best at explaining things, or about expressing myself. I’m trying right now. Please?”

I stared at the swirling brown liquid suspiciously. “…This isn’t just a test?”

“No.”

“Okay. Alright, I’ll do it.”

Sandy beamed, handing me a shot. “Alright, now give me three of your Pokéballs at random.”

“What!?”

She tipped the cup backwards, downing an entire contents in one massive gulp. “Rematch time, bitch!”

###

“Here are the rules, since you seem to like them so much.” Sandy quipped, her shot glass already filled to the brim. “Standard three on three.

Healing items are allowed, but they must be mixed with shots. This, specifically.” She waves a small dark liquor about, which smells of citrus and spice. “If you choose to heal a Pokémon, with a mixed drink, you have to ingest the same amount that you feed the Pokémon. Lastly, if a Pokémon gets knocked out, you’re allowed to receive them indefinitely, though you have to have a shot of this straight to do so.”

“So…what’s the win condition? Until one of us dies from alcohol poisoning?”

“First one to pee themselves loses.” Sandy grins. “And if your Pokémon piss themselves then you have to take a shot.”

I looked at my Pokéballs. It appears I had Static, Nova, and Skarr on my side, which meant Sandy had Mew, Myst, and Oxygen.

Mew would be a problem…She could just continue attacking with him and force me to revive my Pokémon until I black out. Though, perhaps I could stall Mew with Static, paralyses him, and then deal with him that way. It would instead put Sandy on the defensive, which is where I want her.

Leading with Static would be risky if she sent out Oxygen first, though isn’t that the point of this? To demonstrate risk, and to relieve me – metaphorically and literally – of my inhibitions?

Screw it. I choose Static.

I tossed out his Pokéball at the same time Sandy threw hers. Myst appeared on the other side of the battlefield, looking curiously at Static.

"She’s not an Ancient." Static observed.

"Perhaps we should explain the rules to everyone first." I giggled, despite myself.

###

"Sure."

"You’re okay with this?" Skarr gawked at Oxygen, who merely shrugged. "You don’t find this weird, or odd, or unusual at all? You’re just going to accept these bizarre, possibly harmful rules, to our trainers and yourself? I can accept that everyone else here has some kind of freakish, psychosexual Freudian disorder, but you too? How can you justify this!?"

Oxygen grinned shrewdly. "Dude, I’ve been sober for months. I don’t understand most of this," He looked sheepishly at Sandy and myself, "But if there’s an opportunity for booze, I’m in. You guys can squabble about winning and losing, all I want is a good fight and a good drink."

"A man after my own heart." Sandy nodded fiercely.

"You’re all going to get bladder infections." Skarr mumbled.

"You’re going to get a rectal infection from the stick up your ass.” Static snorted.

"I do not-" Skarr tried, but he was drowned out by everyone else’s laughter. "Ugh, come now. Am I really the only one who thinks this is even remotely strange?" The feathers on his head seemed to fall in defeat. "Nova? Myst? Mew? Anyone?"

"I don’t know; I just like games." Nova shrugged, a confident, knowing smirk etched in his eager smile.

"And I just like winning." Myst added.

"Mew?" Skarr begged.

"It’s okay. Many of my creations have gone their entire lives being ignorant to the potential job of oddities that their small minds deem inappropriate. It is nothing to be ashamed of."

Skarr glared at Mew while Mew beamed in turn. I wonder if he truly knew how condescending he was at times.

"Fine!" Skarr growled. "I’ll play. Just so the teams won’t be uneven, and so I won’t be the stick in the mud."

Static gave Skarr an odd look. "Wasn’t the stick in your a-"

"I REMEMBER WHERE THE STICK WAS, STATIC!"

