The Assistant - Page 3

Author: Anubis

*051*2013-11-08 05:23

13

It was exactly three-thirty and Danielle felt like her bladder was going to explode. She was rocking back and forth in her chair, with her legs double crossed, and her hands pressed against her pee hole. How am I going to make it until four?! I don't think I can do it!

Beads of sweat were forming on her forehead and she gasped as an intense bladder spasm nearly sent a spurt of pee shooting into her panties.

Miss Andrews must have put diuretics in my water or something, she thought. What am I going to do?

She had made no progress with her work in half an hour, but Danielle didn't care all that much. All of her attention was on making it until four. I must make it until four! I have to!

Katherine took a quick glance in Danielle's direction and Danielle noticed. When she caught her boss looking, Katherine had a devious grin on her face. She is doing this on purpose! If that doesn't prove it, then what does?

Deciding that it was time to do something about her situation, she got up from behind her desk and shuffled over to Katherine, who was still grinning at her.

“Alright Miss Andrews, this has gone far enough!” Danielle cried. “I know you are trying to make me wet myself on purpose, so don't try and act like you don't know what I'm talking about.”

Katherine leaned back in her chair and folded her arms. “Oh, is that your hypothesis? Where did you come up with that one?”

Danielle bent forward at the waist and grimaced as she felt another bladder spasm. Where she stood in front of Katherine's desk, she squirmed around like a worm on a hook, trying not to lose her balance and fall, knowing that if she did, her bladder would empty itself on the floor.

“If-if you don't stop this, Miss Andrews, I will-”

Katherine chuckled and interrupted Danielle. “You will what? You're going to report me to some authority, for purposefully keeping you away from a toilet so that you wet yourself? You should know, Danielle, that I don't take kindly to slander.”

Trying to keep calm, Danielle pressed harder into her urethra and squeezed her legs together, tighter than ever. “How can you lie to me like that, when I saw you grinning at me and watching me squirm around in my seat?!”

Katherine pressed the tip of her index finger on her lips and shook her head, still grinning. When she removed it, she said, “I'm grinning because it is amusing to see the situation you have put yourself into. It's not my fault that you squandered every opportunity to use a toilet that you had.”

Danielle scowled at her boss, ready to defend herself, but was unable to do so as she had another bladder spasm and lost a spurt of pee into her panties. Her face turned red and Katherine laughed.

“Did you really just do what I think you did?” Katherine asked.

Danielle didn't reply, so Katherine pointed at Danielle's desk. “How about you return to your desk and have a seat. You are not going to leave this room until four, unless you want to look elsewhere for employment.”

Danielle did as she was told and took a seat. She crossed her legs again and groaned loudly. “Miss Andrews, please let me go to the restroom!”

Upon hearing her start to beg, Katherine gave her assistant a seductive look and bit her lower lip. “Do you need to go that badly? Well, I guess it's a good thing that your leather chair is water-proof and that you have a fan to dry yourself off with.”

Danielle started whimpering as she lost control of her bladder again and peed into her panties for nearly two seconds before regaining control.

“Please don't make me wet myself completely, Miss Andrews,” Danielle said, almost whining as she said it. “I really need this job and I need the money. I can't wet myself again!”

Katherine giggled and put both of her high-heel clad feet on her desk and crossed her legs. “So, I suppose you're about to tell me that you'll do anything I ask, if I let you take an early break and let you keep your job.”

Danielle nodded and closed her eyes tight as another intense urge to pee caused her to lose control. She gasped as her pee sprayed into her panties and moaned while she fought to stop the flow. The stream was powerful and lasted for about five seconds.

A small puddle of pee formed underneath Danielle's rear end, creating a wet spot on the back of her skirt.

“Yes Miss Andrews, I'll do anything!

Katherine rubbed her chin with the fingers on her right hand as she looked up at the ceiling, appearing to be deep in thought.

“Well, if you really want to keep your job and have an early break, then you can run an errand for me.”

Danielle smiled wide and slowly stood up. “I'll go do any errand you want me to do, Miss Andrews.”

Unfortunately, her happiness was short-lived when Katherine said, “Only when you have completed the errand, will I allow you to have an early break.”

No! Danielle blushed and bit her lower lip in despair. There is no way I can run an errand like this!

“Danielle, I want you to go down the hall, to the Security Station, and get some files from John,” Katherine said. “He's the big, dark guy with the muscles. He already knows which files I need, so when you say that you are there to get some files for me, he'll know what you're talking about.”

With her fingers pressed against the opening of her urethra, Danielle felt hopeful. That doesn't sound too bad. Maybe I can do it!

Very slowly, she shuffled out of her office, but froze just past the doorway, when she squirted more pee into her panties. “Oh god...”

With the fact that Danielle peed again being plainly obvious to Katherine, she said, “You could always drink what's left in one of those water bottles on the floor, in your office, and pee in it. However, if you do it, then you better make sure none of the pee ends up on the floor.”

Danielle groaned loudly again and bent forward at the waist. With all of her strength, she pressed her fingers into her pee hole as pee leaked through her sphincter again, but prevented it from escaping her body completely. Okay, there is no way I can run this errand without wetting myself. What should I do?

Deciding that the errand was too much for her, Danielle shuffled back into her office and picked up the bottle she had already drank from that afternoon. Since it was nearly empty, she figured she could just pee into it, without emptying the last gulp of water that was in it.

She tensed all of the muscles in her body and held her breath as she reached up to unscrew the cap on the water bottle. With no hands over her pee hole, her tired holding muscles were the only thing between the ocean of pee inside of her and the inside of her panties.

When Danielle removed the cap, she tossed it to the floor and shuffled back to her seat. She took a seat and found that Katherine was still watching her. For some reason that Danielle did not understand, knowing that her boss was watching her, as she was right on the edge of spraying pee all over the floor, made her extremely horny.

Danielle slid her butt forward on the chair so that her crotch was over the floor. She slid her skirt back, so it was no longer covering her butt, and with one hand, she pulled her panties to one side and used her fingers to place the opening of the bottle around her urethra.

I can't believe she is letting me do this, Danielle thought as she dampened her fingers and the opening of the bottle with her arousal juice.

Come on, I can do this! I need relief! As desperate as she was, she was afraid of slipping and spraying pee on the floor, instead of in the bottle, and was unable to relax and let the liquid flow.

{{:

This story is amazing! I have been reading the story chapter by chapter, and can't help but feel sorry for poor Danielle. At the same time, the whole scenario is as erotic of a desperation story as I have ever read. Thank you for the amazing details. Can't wait for the next installment.

}}

I'm glad you are enjoying the story. Thanks for the comment.

*056*2013-11-11 01:27

14

Come on Danielle, you've got to let it out! Danielle tried to relax and let the pee flow, but it still didn't come. This can't be happening! Please come out, pee, I'm bursting!

Katherine folded her hands, placed her elbows on her desk, and leaned forward, watching and waiting. She saw Danielle's quivering legs and the bottle hanging down between them, underneath her desk.

Danielle kept glancing up at her boss and back down at the bottle she was holding. Come on, you can do this Danielle. You must do this!

She closed her eyes and tried again to relax. After a short pause, a slow trickle of pee went into the bottle and the room was quiet enough that both Danielle and Katherine could hear it splashing into the water at the bottom.

Yes, it's coming! As Danielle's stream became a powerful spray, she sighed loudly. “Yes...”

Just then, she heard the doors of Katherine's office open and close, followed by the sound of footsteps approaching Katherine.

In a panic, Danielle squeezed her holding muscles and fought to stop the flow, but it hurt and she couldn't make it stop right away.

No, stop! After peeing, full-stream, for about ten seconds, Danielle was able to stop the flow, but by then, the person who had entered the room was already standing in front of Katherine's desk. She looked up and there was David, the guy from the elevator.

David was smiling and he quickly looked over at Danielle for a second. Filled with embarrassment, Danielle's face turned red and she quickly moved the bottle away from her crotch and hid it behind her back, but feared that he already knew what she had been doing.

“So, is the ID card scanner out there fixed?” Katherine asked, looking serious and ready to get down to business.

David nodded. “Yeah, we've got it working again, so there shouldn't be any more troubles with security.”

Katherine smiled at David. “Good. Hopefully this doesn't happen again.”

David glanced at Danielle again and nodded. “Hello, Danielle.” He then turned away and walked back to the doors and out into the hall.

Katherine glanced at Danielle and started laughing when she saw how red her assistant's face was. Danielle's bladder was still hurting and was still really full, so she pulled the bottle from its hiding place and lowered it to her crotch again.

The bottle held about an eighth of its capacity when she started peeing, but now the bottle was a third full and the liquid inside was clear, but slightly yellow. Danielle was going to fill it up even more, but Katherine pointed at her. “Nope, you're done peeing.”

Danielle opened her eyes wide and her lower jaw dropped. “No, I'm not even close to done!”

Katherine got up from her desk and walked into Danielle's office. Afraid of her boss seeing her stained panties, she lifted herself up and yanked her skirt over her crotch.

“You've peed enough that you should be able to hold it until four,” Katherine said. “That is all I was going to let you do anyway.”

Danielle shook her head. “It's over twenty minutes away, Miss Andrews. Please, I really need to pee. Just let me finish!”

Katherine held her open hand towards Danielle. “Since you couldn't wait until four, I let you pee out enough that you could hold it in until then.”

Danielle glared at her. “You said I could use the bottle and that I wasn't supposed to get pee on the floor. You never said I had to stop.”

Katherine put her hands on her hips and glared back. “I know what I said, but you are an adult and should be able to hold it in until your break. I was generous by letting you pee as much as you did.”

Danielle reluctantly held the bottle out to her boss. She crossed her legs and started bouncing them up and down. “Miss Andrews, please...”

Katherine snatched the bottle out of Danielle's hand. “Nope, you're all done, until four.”

Danielle tried to protest again, but Katherine looked at the screen of Danielle's laptop and cut her off. “It looks like you're in the middle of a project that should have been all done this morning. You haven't made any progress in a while, have you?”

Danielle's face became red from embarrassment, again. “I really needed to go to the restroom and my bladder hasn't been empty all day!”

Katherine turned away and said, “That's not my fault or my problem. Now, get back to work. I would hate to fire you on your first day.”

Danielle then remembered that she had a second bottle of water sitting on the floor. She quickly grabbed it and saw that it was still a quarter full.

Katherine walked out of the side office and turned so that she was walking towards the doors that led to the hallway. When Danielle heard the doors open and close, she lifted her butt off the chair and moved her skirt up around her waist so that it was out of the way. Then, she unscrewed the cap, slid forward to the edge of the chair, and pulled her panties to one side.

Come on Danielle, you've got to pee in this thing before she gets back. Danielle tried to hurry as she held her panties out of the way and placed the opening of the bottle around her pee hole.

With her eyes closed, she tried to relax. After a short pause, a stream of pee fell into the bottle. Danielle tipped her head back as the sound of her pee hitting the water inside of the bottle filled the room.

That feels so good! Keeping her eyes closed, she sighed as her bladder slowly drained into the bottle. The relief was amazing. “Mm...”

The bottle filled up quickly as her pee sprayed into it at full blast and she should have been paying more attention to what was happening. Danielle's bladder was still about a quarter full when the bottle overflowed and the opening of her urethra became completely covered with pee.

“No!” she cried, suddenly cutting off the flow. Pee drizzled to the floor as she pulled the bottle away from her crotch. She quickly put the cap back on the bottle and set it down, somewhere that it was out of the way.

I need to clean up this pee before Miss Andrews gets back! She slid her panties down to her ankles and then kicked them off. Quickly, she got down on her hands and knees and soaked up the pee from the floor with her panties.

When she was done, she tossed the sopping panties into a nearby trash can. With that taken care of, she grabbed the bottle full of pee and set it in the trash can as well.

Alright, that's better... Danielle got back in her seat. Feeling relieved, she decided that it was time to get back to work, but she still couldn't concentrate, because she was very horny and really wanted to play with herself. The embarrassment of knowing that two different people had seen her peeing into a bottle was very erotic, though she was unsure as to why that was the case.

What was also arousing was the fact that she was at work, in her office, with no panties on underneath her skirt. She had never been in a public place without wearing panties under her skirt and never thought of doing it on purpose, so she didn't know how erotic it could be before then.

Since she was still alone after peeing and cleaning up the mess, she was tempted to start fingering herself right then and there, but didn't do it because she was afraid that Katherine would return at any moment.

*059*2013-11-11 22:43

{{:

Wow, i don't know how i missed this story until now, but this is really entertaining and well-written.

I'm looking forward to seeing more of it.

}}

Better late than never. I'm glad you liked what you've read so far.

*060*2013-11-14 18:13

15

For about fifteen minutes or so, Danielle didn't see Katherine return. She got a little bit of work done on the final presentation, in that amount of time, but she could hardly concentrate, when the only thing she wanted to do was stroke herself in the downstairs area, until she had an orgasm, but the fear that Katherine could walk in at any moment prevented it.

When her last break of the day was only five minutes off, Danielle decided that her boss wasn't going to come back right away, so she pulled the front of her skirt up towards her waist, completely exposing her bare vulva. Her clit was bulging out, demanding attention, and she reached down and started to gently stroke it.

“Mm...” She tipped her head back and slouched in her chair a little bit as she started to gradually stroke harder and faster. It felt so naughty to be doing it right there in her office. That made the experience all that more enjoyable.

“Mm!” Danielle was just moments away from climax when she heard the sound of the office doors opening and closing, followed by the sound of Katherine's high heels clicking on the floor towards her.

No, I wasn't finished yet! Danielle pulled her hand away and frantically covered herself with her skirt. Her fingers were all wet and she accidentally got a little of her lady juice on her skirt. She was afraid of Katherine finding out what she'd done, so she quickly grabbed a tissue from the box of tissues in front of her and started to dry off her fingers, to hide the evidence.

Katherine poked her head into the doorway and looked at Danielle. “Hello. Sorry I was gone for so long, but I've decided not to make you hold until four.”

Danielle gave her boss a puzzled look. “But you already did. It's only five minutes away.”

Suddenly, Katherine narrowed her eyes. “You seem a little too comfortable for someone who is bursting.”

Danielle shrugged. “I guess I peed enough, but didn't realize it sooner.”

She started to become nervous when Katherine entered the room and looked down at her. She balled the wet tissue in her hands and squeezed it between them, afraid that she had been caught.

Katherine slowly stepped towards the trash can and Danielle looked at it nervously.

“Someone looks a little guilty,” Katherine said as she took another step and looked down into the trash can.

Danielle jumped up from her seat. “I can explain.”

Katherine pointed down at the contents of the trash can. “What is this that I see? I see wet panties and a bottle full of pee in there. It looks like you don't need a break at four o'clock, after all.”

“Right, I guess I don't need it anymore,” Danielle said. “Am I in trouble because I didn't wait?”

Katherine frowned. “Well, I should have taken that second bottle, but I forgot about it being here. I'm not going to fire you, if that's what you are asking.”

Danielle smiled and sighed with relief as she sat back down. “Good, I thought you were going to.”

A grin appeared on Katherine's face and she folded her arms over her chest. “I'm going to give you some overtime today. You're going to be here an extra two hours.”

Danielle wasn't sure how she felt about being there twelve hours instead of ten, but overtime meant extra money, so it sounded like a good deal. However, she was suspicious of her boss.

Katherine stepped out of the room for a moment and returned with four twenty-ounce bottles of cold water, from her private refrigerator, which sat against the wall, a few feet to the right of Danielle's office doorway.

Katherine set the bottles on the desk in front of Danielle and she opened her eyes wide with horror. “I'm not going to drink all of those!”

Katherine laughed. “Of course not. I'm going to drink two and you're going to drink two. We're both going to be here an extra two hours and we need to make sure we don't get dehydrated.”

Danielle grabbed one of the bottles and unscrewed the cap. She took a small sip, certain that something was off. There could be more diuretics in these... Even if there isn't anything in the water, it will be four hours until the end of the work day and I'll be bursting long before then, if I drink two of these!

Katherine picked up one of them, took off the cap, and gulped down a whole quarter of the bottle. Then, she put the cap back on and picked up another one. “I'm going to take these and the ones in front of you are yours.”

Katherine turned and walked away, leaving Danielle feeling worried and extremely aroused. She knew that she was expected to drink all of the water, but she didn't know what her boss was planning. She felt a strong sense of excitement about not knowing what Katherine was up to.

She was absolutely certain that her boss was purposefully trying to keep her bladder full, but she didn't understand why Katherine was going to drink so much water, along with her.

Katherine took a seat behind her own desk and her eyes met with Danielle's. Danielle was filled with excitement as she took a big gulp of water from the bottle she had already opened. Katherine's eyes lit up as she watched her assistant drink, turning Danielle on even more, which she didn't think was possible.

Much to her surprise, Danielle had discovered a new side to her sexuality that she never knew was there. Being dominated and controlled like she was, filled her with excitement and fear. As much as she did not want to admit that she liked this, she certainly couldn't deny it.

*062*2013-11-15 00:17

{{:

I have a feeling where this is going to and if I'm correct I'm going to like yhis story even better.

}}

I sure hope you like it better when you see where this is going. If not, then I would have failed my audience as a writer.

*065*2013-11-15 15:17

{{:

OMG, i sense a holding contest in the offing...

Excellent work, my friend. You have us all on the edge of our seats, damp or not !

}}

Should I take your comment as a sign that the most recent chapter made a certain someone damp in a certain place that shall not be named? If this is the case, then the next chapter is going to be good!

16

It was five o'clock and Danielle was on the phone, talking to a farm owner who lived just outside of Lewisville. Katherine had previously offered him a large sum of cash, in exchange for his property, and Danielle was scheduling a meeting with him for the next day.

Though she tried to pay attention to the conversation, Danielle was already bouncing in her seat and had her legs crossed. Lying on the floor, beside her desk, was an empty water bottle. She had gulped it all down by a quarter after four and was already halfway through her second bottle of water, which was still sitting on her desk.

“So, I'll see you and your boss tomorrow at one?” the farmer asked, making sure he had all of the information straight.

Danielle twisted her body side-to-side, turning the rotating chair with it, and grimaced. “Yes. We'll be there.”

The farmer on the other end laughed. “Thanks for this deal! I really need this cash.”

Danielle grunted a little as she fought against a bladder spasm and placed one hand between her legs.

The farmer heard Danielle's grunt, which told him that she was suffering from some sort of discomfort. “Are you alright ma'am?”

Danielle pressed her hand against her crotch and squeezed her muscles as she waited for the urge to pass. “Yes, I am alright. See you tomorrow sir. Bye.”

She hung up the phone and looked up. Katherine was standing in the doorway, leaning her shoulder into the wooden frame, with a grin on her face. “You need to pee that badly already?”

Danielle nodded. “Yes. All of this water is going right through me and my holding muscles are tired out from all of the other times I've had to hold it today.”

Katherine left the doorway and walked up to the desk. She placed both hands on top of the desk and leaned on it. “So, the urges are coming sooner and stronger than before?”

Danielle quickly placed both hands between her legs. “Yes, they are. I am not going to be able to make it until eight!”

Katherine slowly walked around the desk and Danielle watched, but did not move. She went behind Danielle and placed one hand on each of her shoulders.

Danielle could hear her boss's gentle breathing as she leaned on her and lowered her head towards her ear. After a short pause, she heard Katherine whisper to her. “I need to pee too and I'm going to hold it with you. It only seems fair.”

Danielle started to rub her labia through her skirt when her boss admitted to needing to pee. Knowing that she wasn't the only one in need of the toilet made her want to have an orgasm so badly.

Katherine moved her hands, reached down, and grabbed Danielle's wrists. “No rubbing yourself in the office, young lady. Your work day's not over and your break time has passed.”

Danielle stopped rubbing and kept her hands still, while pressing into her crotch. Being dominated and denied an orgasm by her boss was very erotic for her and she loved how horny she was. “Okay, Miss Andrews. I'll stop.”

Katherine pulled her hands away and placed one of them on Danielle's right cheek for a few seconds. “Good girl.”

With her high heels clicking, Katherine walked around the desk again and returned to the doorway, where she glanced back at Danielle and smiled, before leaving the little office.

Once she was alone in the room, Danielle grabbed the half-full bottle of water and gulped down another quarter of it. When she put the cap back on, she couldn't help but think about how strange all of this was.

She didn't understand how she had come to enjoy being in this situation. Perhaps her will had been broken by Katherine, making it possible to enjoy experiencing what she once hated. Or maybe, she had always liked being desperate and forced to hold her pee, but was afraid to admit it, and suppressed it.

Thinking back, Danielle remembered that as a teenager and a child, needing to pee and not being able to, always felt exciting for her, though she found the idea of holding and possibly wetting in public frightening. She especially feared wetting in public, after she wet herself as a young child, in Elementary School, and the kids in her class laughed...

As the minutes continued ticking by, Danielle's desperation increased. By five-thirty, all of the water she had been given was gone and when she looked at Katherine, she could see that her boss was fidgeting in her seat. Miss Andrews is getting desperate!

Unfortunately, her own desperation appeared to be far more severe than Katherine's, as she felt like she had a bloated water balloon inside of her, filled to the brim with pee. Not wanting to disappoint Katherine and risk getting in trouble, she did everything she could to keep holding. She had every muscle in her body tensed and her hands were practically welded against her wet pussy.

When it was a quarter to six, Danielle got up out of her seat and hobbled over towards her boss, with her legs pressed together and her fingers glued over her urethra. Katherine had her legs crossed and was bouncing them up and down as her desperate assistant slowly approached her.

“Miss Andrews, I can't hold it much more. I'm just about at my limit and I-” Danielle stopped talking and gasped as her bladder was struck with another spasm and a little bit of urine squirted out of her, onto her fingers.

Katherine smiled at her and stood up. She moved beside Danielle and grabbed her shoulders. “You've got to keep holding it. Don't let it gush out until your work day is done.”

Danielle groaned as more pee escaped from her bladder and she pressed even harder against her crotch, trying to prevent it from falling to the floor. “I don't think I can do it, Miss Andrews!”

“If a little leaks out here and there, there isn't much you can do about that,” Katherine said. “But, don't completely soak yourself.”

Danielle nodded and grimaced. “I'll try not to.”

Where Katherine was standing, she crossed her legs and blew air out of her mouth. “I'm almost as desperate as you, but not quite. I don't think I can make it to the end of the day, either.”

“If we aren't going to make it, then what should we do?” Danielle asked.

Katherine looked down at Danielle's pretty legs, which were double -crossed, and narrowed her eyes. “Hmm... If you can just make it until six, the day will be over for almost everyone here. We will practically be alone from then until eight, when the evening employees arrive.”

Danielle groaned as a few drops of pee fell between her fingers and splashed on her legs, just above the knees, sending small droplets of clear liquid splattering in all directions. “What will we do at six?”

“We will help each other hold,” Katherine replied. “Maybe I'll even let you pee early, as well as have the orgasm you've been wanting for the last two hours.”

Danielle closed her eyes, bit her lower lip, and nodded. Her whole body started shaking as more pee dribbled out of her, onto her fingers. When the leak stopped, she opened her eyes again. “I can make it until six, I think, but not much longer than that.”

Katherine smiled and looked out through the glass wall behind her desk, at the afternoon sun. “Good. Now, return to your office. You never know who might call.”

Danielle looked back at her office from where she stood, beside Katherine. When she was so close to bursting, the little room, just a few feet away, seemed like it was miles off in the distance. Despite the fear that all of her pee would gush out on the way there, she turned around and slowly hobbled back to her little office.

*067*2013-11-17 04:08

Thanks for the comments everyone. I'm glad that this story has pleased so many readers. To show my appreciation, I have written a special chapter for everyone who is a fan of this erotic tale of desperation and wetting.

17

It was six o'clock at last, the end of the work day. David pressed the down button for the elevator and waited for it to arrive on his floor. With most of the building going home for the night, he was sure glad there were multiple elevators.

While David waited for the doors to open, he thought about the odd thing he witnessed while paying a small visit to Ms. Andrews. He wasn't completely certain, but he thought he saw and heard Danielle peeing into a bottle. He had only caught a slight glimpse of what he thought could have been the bottom of a water bottle underneath her desk, between her legs. He clearly remembered her face turning red as she quickly hid the mysterious container behind her back.

It was probably a bottle filled with pee that she was hiding! David thought.

As the doors of the elevator opened, he got into the elevator, along with several other coworkers, before hitting the button for the lobby.

He remembered the muffled sound of Danielle's pee going into the plastic bottle, at full blast, as he approached Ms. Andrews, before glancing in the side office, at the very lovely Danielle.

I wonder if Miss Andrews ever let any of her past assistants pee into a bottle in their office? Maybe she likes seeing women desperate, like I do, so she has been purposefully keeping her assistants away from the restrooms, causing them to wet themselves!

He thought back to early in the afternoon when he saw Danielle's wet skirt. Back then, he had been fairly certain that she had peed herself, probably while sitting down, but the story about having water spilled on her was equally as believable.

Regardless, it seemed extremely likely that Ms. Andrews was forcing Danielle to hold her pee until she wet herself. Thinking about this possibility gave David an erection. He imagined Danielle begging Ms. Andrews to use the restroom, only to be told no, multiple times.

He tried to imagine the conversation between the two of them when Ms. Andrews finally allowed her new assistant to pee into the bottle.

In his mind, he imagined Danielle sitting behind her desk, while her boss stood over her, with a whip in her hand. He pictured Danielle with a red face as she sat with her legs crossed and her hands pressing into her crotch, through her skirt, as she looked up at her boss. “Miss Andrews, I'm going to burst! Please let me take a wee!”

He pictured Ms. Andrews slapping the desk in the side office with her whip, startling her assistant, causing her to lose a spurt into her panties.

I wonder what her panties look like... I'd like to know if she was even wearing any.

In his head, he imagined Ms. Andrews smiling sadistically at Danielle. “You may pee into an empty water bottle, but you may not leave this room. If you slip and spill any pee on the floor, I will whip your bare butt until it is red!”

“No, please, don't do that!” Danielle begged. “I promise that I won't slip and get pee on the floor!”

When the elevator reached the bottom floor, the doors opened, snapping David out of his fantasy. As he got out, he walked into the lobby and found it full of employees, some carrying briefcases, some purses, some nothing at all. He looked around to see if Danielle was there, but she was nowhere to be found.

Maybe Danielle already left or hasn't come down yet, David thought. Or maybe she is working late and Miss Andrews is going to continue dominating her up there. Ooh, I wish I could be upstairs to see that.

With a smile on his face, David walked towards the front doors of the building and walked out, trying to imagine what sort of things might be going on between Danielle and Ms. Andrews.

###

It was exactly six and Katherine was tapping her fingers on the digital clock on her desk with one hand. It came with an alarm that signaled each break in the day, but she had turned off the alarm long before, to keep Danielle clueless as to the times when there would be breaks.

If only she had known that she really did have a break at three, Katherine thought, almost laughing. Turning off the alarm and putting a little false information on her PDA was just too good...

She had both of her legs crossed and one hand in between them. She was rubbing her crotch through her skirt and panties. She could feel her own bladder swelling up inside of her and hoped that what she had planned would turn out better than it did with her last two assistants. One of them threatened to press charges on me and the other simply ran away and never came back. I hope Danielle is more accepting. She seems like she will be, since I know a horny girl when I see one!

Where Danielle was sitting, she was whimpering and was sitting on one of her heels, with both of her shoes kicked off to the side. Katherine was sure that her desperate assistant was grinding that heel in there, doing everything possible to keep that urethra blocked, for as long it was safe to do so. Wanting to know how Danielle was doing, Katherine got up and approached her.

“How are you doing with your hold?” Katherine asked.

Danielle's face was red and there were beads of sweat on her forehead. “I am in pain...”

Katherine crossed her legs and closed her eyes as she felt her first strong urge. She nearly lost a little bit of pee into her panties, but was able to keep it held in. When she opened her eyes, she smiled. “If it gets too painful, don't be afraid to let out a little bit of pee. I don't want you to hurt yourself.”

Danielle pressed her heel into her crotch, through her skirt, and cried out loudly. “Miss Andrews, I can't do it!”

Katherine watched as her assistant moved her heel and stood up. She pressed her legs together and groaned loudly as streams of pee ran down her legs, towards her feet.

Katherine got down on her knees in front of Danielle and lifted up her assistant's skirt. “Don't let out too much. You need to stop the flow.”

Danielle did not resist as her boss uncovered her very private area and reached down with both hands to stop the flow, which was nothing more than a slow trickle. “I can't, Miss Andrews!”

Katherine smiled as she watched her assistant press her fingers into her crotch, finally able to stop the trickling of pee. When the flow ceased, Danielle sighed and lowered her hands. She looked down at Katherine, but kept her legs pressed together.

“So, my dear assistant, did you pee out enough that you are now able to hold it a little while longer?”

Danielle nodded and bit her lower lip. “Yes, but I still need to pee very badly.”

Katherine lowered her gaze and looked straight ahead, at the little patch of pubic hair on Danielle's groin. She lowered her gaze slightly and took a gander at the lovely girl's outer labia. There were droplets of clear liquid hanging from them, ready to fall off. Katherine watched as one fell and splashed on the skin of Danielle's leg below.

After watching more droplets fall from Danielle's outer lips, she decided that it was time to come clean and see what would happen. “I need to be honest, Danielle. All day, I really have been trying to keep you away from a toilet, just so I could see you squirm and wet yourself, because I think it's so sexy.”

She looked up at Danielle and saw a faint smile appear on the young woman's face. “I know, Miss Andrews. I'm not stupid.”

Katherine chuckled as she dropped the skirt, allowing it to cover Danielle's womanhood again, and stood up from the floor. “Of course you're not stupid. You accused me of this long before the last two assistants did. It took them a couple of days of misery and wetting to figure it out.”

Katherine groaned as she felt another urge to pee. She put one hand against her crotch and pressed through her skirt and panties, to hold back the flood.

Danielle looked into Katherine's eyes and scowled at her. “After all that you have put me through today, I feel like I should hate you, but...”

Did she really just say 'but'? Katherine couldn't believe what she was hearing. “You feel like you should hate me, but you are horny, correct?”

Danielle nodded as her expression softened. Katherine saw a gleam in Danielle's eyes that she had not seen in the last two assistants' eyes. “Holding in a full bladder is really exciting and it makes me, um, you know. It's just that being desperate and wetting in public is so humiliating.”

Katherine smiled. “Do you want revenge for what I have done to you? I was mean.”

A smirk appeared on Danielle's face as she looked down at Katherine's crossed legs and the hand she had between them. Katherine glanced down too and then looked back at Danielle's face. “Um, there is something else that you should know.”

Danielle looked back at her boss and a puzzled expression appeared on her face. “What is that?”

A wicked grin appeared on Katherine's face. “You actually were supposed to have a break at three, but I turned off the alarm on my clock and put a false time on your PDA, before you arrived this morning.”

Danielle's eyes went wide and she suddenly looked really angry for a moment, but that did not last, as her expression softened again and she smiled. “Why would you do such a thing, Miss Andrews? Why are you so mean to me?”

Katherine put her face up close to Danielle's, so that their lips were almost touching. “I am mean to you because I can get away with it. I promise that I will make up for it.”

“How?” Danielle asked.

Katherine got back down on her knees again and lifted up Danielle's skirt. Once again, Danielle made no move to stop her. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she dipped her head, placed her lips between her assistant's legs, and stuck out her tongue.

*070*2013-11-17 14:06

{{:

“Holding in a full bladder is really exciting and it makes me, um, you know. It's just that being desperate and wetting in public is so humiliating.”

OMG... you have just said it all right there, for this girl anyhow. And even the humiliation is exciting... in the end.

So i have to say that i LOVE this chapter... i knew that the two of them were meant for each other !

}}

I had a feeling you would love this chapter Frosty. For me, it was probably the hottest chapter so far, though most of the others were really hot too, because of how I planned to end the chapter. Two hot, desperate ladies holding full bladders while being intimate is about as hot as it gets.

*071*2013-11-17 19:07

I've got another chapter that I think you're going to love, Frosty.

18

Danielle looked down into Katherine's eyes and gasped as she felt a warm tongue gently touch her clitoris. It felt so good, but she had never done anything like this with a woman before. She had only ever been intimate with men and even then, it never had anything to do with domination or pee.

“Wait, stop, please,” Danielle said. She backed away and Katherine pulled her tongue back into her mouth.

Katherine got up from the floor and let the skirt fall back over Danielle's crotch again. She put her hands on Danielle's shoulders. “What's the matter?”

Danielle crossed her legs as she fought against another strong urge to pee. “It's just that I've never done this with a woman and it's so strange. As much as I want, well, you know, it's confusing and feels so wrong.”

Katherine smiled and jerked her hands away from Danielle's shoulders so she could put them between her own legs and press against her pee hole through her skirt. “It may be a little strange to you, having never done this before. All of it is taboo and I can understand if you feel uncomfortable about going forward. We can just hold and not do the other stuff, if that is what you want.”

Danielle shook her head. “It's not that I feel uncomfortable about going forward, it's that I feel like I'm not supposed to enjoy this. A lot of people would not understand how a sane person could enjoy being forced to hold their pee while being intimate with a member of the same sex.”

Katherine frowned and started twisting her body side-to-side, with her hands still pressed into her crotch. “You have been conditioned to feel uncomfortable about liking it, either by family or the culture around you. Danielle, if you like it, it shouldn't matter what anyone else thinks. Besides, we are the only people who will ever know.”

Maybe she is right. Danielle thought. Even if it is considered wrong to enjoy bladder domination, or even to desire intimacy with a woman, by many people, why should it matter to me what they think?

She looked into Katherine's eyes, knowing what she wanted, deciding that she wasn't going to let other people's opinions stand in her way. “I want this, Miss Andrews. I think I am ready to go forward.”

A grin appeared on Katherine's face. “Are you sure?”

Danielle nodded and then got down on the floor, so that she was sitting on her butt. She looked up at Katherine as she lay down on her back. Having only emptied a small portion of the pee she had been holding, the space left behind by the leak was filling up quickly. She felt a bladder spasm and pressed her legs together.

Katherine got down on her knees as Danielle fought to stay in control. She closed her eyes as she clenched her holding muscles. The spasm was so strong, she felt like all of her pee was going to gush out, right then.

“Keep holding,” Katherine whispered. Danielle felt her boss gently place her hands on her knees. She allowed her boss to slowly spread her legs apart, though she feared that she was going to spray pee all over.

“Oh Miss Andrews, I can't have my legs spread out like this!” she cried. “I'm going to lose it again if I don't close them!”

Katherine pushed Danielle's skirt up onto her stomach, so it was completely out of the way, and placed one hand on her assistant's pee hole. “Don't worry Danielle, I will help you.”

Breathing heavily and grunting, Danielle struggled to keep the ocean in her bladder contained as Katherine lowered her face down towards her crotch and stuck out her tongue again.

Danielle turned her head sharply to the right as she felt Katherine's warm tongue touch her clitoris again. She felt the tip of the tongue move back and forth over it and then around it in a circle. “That feels good, Miss Andrews...”

The tongue soon moved away and she wanted it to touch her again. “Please do that again.”

When Katherine did not put her tongue back, she opened her eyes and saw a devious grin on Katherine's face. She watched as her boss frantically removed her business jacket, after fumbling with the buttons on the front. Once it was off, she tossed it to the side and quickly put both hands between her legs.

Danielle reached her hands towards her own crotch and pressed her fingers against her pee hole, fighting a strong urge of her own, which nearly caused her to spray the front of Katherine's white shirt with pee, from between the parted lips of her womanhood.

Katherine lifted her hands up again and pressed both of her legs together. Danielle watched as she fumbled with the buttons on her shirt, with trembling hands. She kept stopping and shoving one hand between her legs and then pulling the hand away to finish with the buttons.

When the buttons were finally undone, Katherine quickly pulled off her shirt and tossed it to the side. Now, she was wearing only her black skirt, gray panties, high heals, and a lacy, gray bra, which just barely covered her nipples.

Katherine leaned down and used one hand to support herself, while keeping the other between her legs.

Danielle pulled her hands out of the way and gasped as a squirt of pee flew out of her urethra and splashed on Katherine's chest. She tensed all of the muscles in her body and cut off the flow. She closed her eyes again and felt Katherine's tongue make contact with her clitoris.

She felt the tongue move side-to-side over it, before it was pulled away again. Miss Andrews, why are you teasing me so much?!

After a short wait, Danielle heard the sound of high heel shoes clattering to the floor in the distance, followed by the sound of a piece of clothing falling to the floor. She opened her eyes again and saw her boss in only her underwear, her skirt no longer in the picture.

She looked at Katherine's curves and muscular abs. She was a very sexy, forty-something woman. Katherine was still on her knees, with her legs pressed together, and both hands inside of her underwear.

“Miss Andrews, please...”

Katherine chuckled as she bobbed her torso and head up and down. “Do you really think I'm going to let you climax that easily? You've got to wait to get the good stuff, young lady.”

Danielle put both of her hands over her crotch and pressed against her pee hole as a strong urge forced her sphincter open. She stopped the flow with her fingers, trying not to let it out, but she couldn't seal her bladder back up. “Miss Andrews, I can't hold it! If I move my hands again, it's going to come out!”

Pulling one hand out of her panties, Katherine crawled forward with her knees and one hand until she was looking straight down into Danielle's eyes. “I have an idea.”

Waiting to see what her plan was, she watched as Katherine stood on her knees and pulled her other hand out of her panties. With shaky hands, she fumbled with the buttons on the front of Danielle's business-jacket. Once the buttons were undone, she sat up and allowed Katherine to pull off the jacket and toss it out of the way.

Katherine was about to start taking off Danielle's shirt, but stopped suddenly with a loud squeal. Danielle watched as pee started flowing through Katherine's panties and drizzled on the floor. Katherine quickly put both hands between her legs and pressed through her panties, stopping the flow.

“If I can't pee, then neither can you,” Danielle said with a smile.

Still sitting up, Danielle pulled both hands away from her crotch and frantically tried to get her shirt off. While she struggled with the buttons, pee trickled out of her urethra and formed a wet spot on the back of her skirt. Katherine pulled one hand from her crotch and pressed her fingers over Danielle's pee hole, helping her to keep the clear liquid inside. The flow slowed down quite a bit, but a few droplets made it past her fingers.

When Danielle had her shirt off, she threw her shirt off to the side, exposing the pink sports bra that covered her breasts, which matched the panties she had tossed into the trash can. She then lay back down on the floor.

Katherine let go of her assistant's crotch for a moment and she turned her body, so that Danielle got a nice view of her panty covered butt. She lifted one leg up in the air and Danielle heard her groan loudly as her boss straddled her chest.

Katherine placed both of her hands against Danielle's crotch and pressed the pee hole with her fingers, all the while grunting and swaying her hips. Danielle watched as more urine trickled through Katherine's panties and drizzled on her chest. Not wanting her boss to pee, she reached up with both hands and pressed against Katherine's crotch with her hands, stopping the flow.

“This is how we will help each other hold,” Katherine said.

“Mm-hmm,” Danielle replied. Using one hand, Danielle slowly moved Katherine's wet, gray panties aside a little bit, so she could see one side of Katherine's vulva. Wanting to see more, she took pressure off of Katherine's crotch and pulled the panties all the way over, so she could see the whole thing. Katherine's clitoris was bulging out, looking like it was in desperate need of some stroking, and the rest of her womanhood was wet and glistening in the light of the evening sun that entered the room through the window above the filing cabinets that were behind Danielle's desk.

Since Danielle wasn't pressing against Katherine's pee hole anymore, a squirt of pee shot out and splattered on her chest. She then used one hand to hold the panties out of the way and the other to press against Katherine's urethra.

While they were in this position, Danielle felt one of Katherine's finger tips gently touch her clitoris. Once it made contact, it sat there for a few seconds, before Katherine started to gently stroke it, causing her to moan softly.

*073*2013-11-18 13:48

{{:

Now I am so highly aroused I have a strong desire to ... well you know.

}}

I'm not surprised. I got so highly aroused while writing that I almost couldn't make it through chapter 18 without stopping and doing what you wanted to do after reading.

