On the Lam: a side story

Author: Fire Ninja

*000*2012-02-20 05:16

Please note this is my first attempt at making a story. The next chapter will be about his sister Vivian, and a lot of her wetting. It will be better than the one im posting now. I needed to get one posted. The story that i have here just fills in some gaps between when the event happened, and how the Asylum reacts to the escape. I know it is a bit jumpy, but the next few chapters will explane the history behind the two, and how they became to work at the Asylum at the top elite. Please leave comments as to how i could improve.

“You don’t understand sir! That girl kidnapped my son! She no longer just knows telekinesis, but she knows how to control fire! She burnt my phone, shoved me to the wall with her power, and kidnapped my son! You have to send out men to find him! I want him home safe!” Jonathon yelled at the manager of the asylum.

“Look Jonathon, I will take this under advisement, and I warn you, watch you tone around me, remember who keeps your paycheck. “The manager replied with anger in his tone. “Now, leave me at once, I don’t want to see you while your out of line. “He said ushering him to the door.

“But… my son….he,” Jonathon stated before he was cut off.

“ENOUGH JONATHON” he yelled at him “leave at once, And don’t come back until I call you. Got it?” he snapped at him

“yes sir” Jonathon said in a submissive tone as he walked out of the office, not knowing that conversation was not as private as he thought. Standing in the dark gloomy corner of the room, was the commanding officer of the elite task force of the asylum.

“Terro, this has gotten out of hand… I want you to take you and your sister’s team to deal with this situation. We have to keep this quiet, and out of the media’s ears. If it gets loud, I authorize you and your sister to use any means necessary to bring them back. Is that clear?”

“Most certainly, if I would have been working the day she got free, I guarantee that she would not have gotten far. I will gather our team of 8 and find out where they have gone. And from what Jonathon said, I know that she couldn’t have gained a power, Jonathon’s son must control fire… if I have to get loud… he might not survive sir… “Terro replied after walking forward. Terro was 5 foot and 8 inches tall, wearing a black heavily armored vest, specially designed for him and his unique gift. The outfit also had a pair of gloves, and boots, all uniquely designed for him.

“If you worked that day, a lot wouldn’t of happened. However because of your sister, the breakout was contained, you are the best guards we have, I understand that his son might be a casualty in bringing her in… if he is… then we will blame it on her. Now do what needs to be done. I already have a team out looking for her, a group of 6. Now, you know what will happen if you or you sister double cross us right?” the manager asked him.

“Yes sir, the necklace around my neck will detonate with the ice fire, killing me or her instantly. Ill let you know when we meet up with the team” he replied as he walked out the door to gather the team.

That was all a few days ago, about 4 days now. Terro and his sister had split the groups up on two different Leeds, one was in a town where a Durango was recently won, by a boy and a girl, all having accidents. The other lead was from the team who was already after them, who had tracked them to a hotel in New Orleans. Terro’s team was in charge of joining the tracking group.

Terro was on his way to the location, when he got a call from the group “ no! you are not to enter! Do not do anything with out me! Well stop them before … shit…..! im 5 minutes out… hold on.” She slammed the phone down into the seat him, flooring the car to get to the area faster. In the distance of the hotel, he could hear gun firing, “shit… its gone loud…” he mumbled to his self-making a wide right turn, tires squelching as he turned. The 2012 lambo handled it like a champ.

During the turn, he saw a fireball shoot out of a hotel room, into the building across the street, swerving into the lot of the hotel, a large explosion from behind him was heard. “Damn it to hell…” he cursed to himself getting out if the car after parking it , leaving the keys in the ignition. Already feeling his bladder filling up as a diamond texture formed on his palms, in a blue color, eyes turning bright crystal blue, the gloves emitting a faint blue aura as it helped amplify his ability, looking at the fire of the building. Hearing people scream for help next door as the explosion sent fire into the buildings surrounding it.

He looked up to the hotel room, and the men , the weapons flying to the air. “she’s here too…” he mumbled, spikes, traction, all of ice started forming from the bottom of the boots, helping keep terro in one position, unless he moved himself. He looked back and forth, trying to figure out which action to do, since he can only use it once before he loses control of his bladder. Screaming people, or capture the fugitive…. Making the choice was hard, but he finally decided. He looked at the building on fire, pointing both his hands at the building. The fire burning the building slowly started turning blue, as the flames dimished a bit, before the entire building turned to ice. At the exact same time a warm wet feeling started trickling down his legs.

A golden stream was shooting out of his penis and into his pants. the dampness was felt down both his pant legs as they darkened faster as the stream continues to gush down both legs as he continued to use his power to dimished the flames that still burned in the buildings. Once the stream finished, he collapsed to the ground, as all the fire was dimished, and turned to ice. the amount of fire that was put out was too much for him. Once he woke up, there were cops, firemen, ambulances, his group, and his sister surrounded the scene of the incident. The one thing he could not find was his lambo.

*002*2012-02-20 06:48

Heh thanks. i hope i didnt do anything that would not be ok with you

*004*2012-03-15 02:38

Sorry it is taking so long. i expected work to be easier sence we are slow, i was wrong. im about halfway with the story, im trying to make it longer. but we will see. In the upcomming chappter it will beabout the sister. and what happened after deployment to find the break outs. and how she got to be at the door. now im still figureing out what her power is as well.. i need help. Personal message me as to what you think her power should be, it cannot be fire, ice/water, and tele. there will be 2 days to figure out her power before i finalize the story

*005*2012-04-10 14:58

I wish I could tell you I grew up living a normal life… a mom… dad… brother or sister to grow up with, a normal home, friends, and going to school for education. I wish I could tell you I was just a normal girl, however im far from normal. My name is Kelly; I think that is the most normal thing about me is my name. When I was born, I had killed my mother, and everyone in the hospital with a giant explosion, the only survivors was me and my brother Terro. You would think that something like this would be on the news? Well you’re wrong. An industry covered it up, a rehab/ research group covered it up saying terrorist bombed it. From that moment my life, and so did my brothers, change for the worst.

My brother controls ice, and water, however cannot summon water, there has to be water nearby. My powers? I have no set power, every month, I guess it’s called a period for normal girls; I shift powers every single day until the cycle is completed. Each time my powers shift I have to relearn how to control them. When then cycle happens, each time my powers are used, it doesn’t matter that I emptied it a few minutes before or not my bladder refills to the brim instantly, and releases without any control. My brother on the other hand, he gets himself every time he uses his power… with whatever he has inside of it….

Kelly had received her orders from her brother, he had just finished getting done with talking with the boss, or the councilor as he wants them to call him. “So, we are going after a girl with telekinesis huh? This should be fun” she smirked to her brother forming a ball of blue flames in her hand turning it to red and to blue, back and forth.

“It’s supposed to be a simple retrieval with her. For us, it shouldn’t be a problem; however there is a boy with her. We are to leave him unharmed, if we can” he smirked to her “he also wants it quiet” he added in as he packed his belongings for the trip to track her down. “ we have reports of her in a town about 10 miles or so from here, saying a girl keeps wetting herself there, the description fits our target, saying she was heading to new Orleans” he informed his sister

“New Orleans? I thought that place was destroyed by that tidal wave….” She asked him “well never mind it. We can track her, wherever she goes. “She smiled sliding up her blue silky panties from behind the screen for privacy. “Besides, the more she runs, the funner it will be for us. And longer the chance we have of finding a way to break the damned necklaces we have that the councilor uses to control us.” She whispered to him as she also slid up her black skirt with blue stripes down both of her sides. The length went down to her knees as she stood at 5foot 6. “So what’s the plan?” she asked him as she slid on her matching vest with the blue stripes down the side, almost parallel with the skirts stripes. She also slides up her black leather silk looking boots, that go up to just about 7 inches away from her knees. She smiles, knowing this outfit will protect her from her current powers of fire and fire ice.

“I heard that they are in a car, ill check out the towns south of there, you will check our Orleans and see what you can find” terro replied to her as he finished packing. “I’ll go ahead and head out, ill contact you when I find something” he replies.

That was about a week ago, and here Kelly finds herself in the middle of Orleans, finding out information about what happened at a car event. Upon finding out what happened, she called her brother to inform him. “Yea, they were here…. They both entered to win a dodge car, said they headed south, that was about 5 hours ago “ she informed him “ and they won because all the girls bladders started overflowing, it seems like that someone has a power that controls bladders, and its trailing them… either that or one of them can…. I found out a girl went before touching the car, and had no water, or anything and suddenly had to pee. Said she held on as long as she could, smelling the air full of pee only made it worse for her. She did say something was weird about the girl though,” she replied to him.

“Thanks, I’ll continue heading up, a team found the car that fits the description, there in a hotel. I’ve asked them not to move in, but we will see, how fast can you get here?” he asked her as the sound of his lambo engine roared in the background.

“In about 20 minutes, im getting into my Acura” she replied as she slid in, and roared down the road. About 10 minutes into the drive she realized that she had yet to use the bathroom the entire day, knowing what happens when it’s full, she debated on what to do, as she bounced her legs up and down in desperation while diving 150mph on the highway with her emergency lights flashing. As she continued to get closer to her location, she knew she couldn’t last much longer, whimpering cuz it was a new car, she took one hand off the stearin wheel, hitching her skirt up a bit, as her panties where now revealed. “God this sucks…” she cried out a bit as she felt the hot warmth of her pee fill up her panties before a dark spot softly formed on the center of her panties. She sighed in relief feeling the warm liquid filling her panties before arching through the center of her panties onto the seat, before it was hungrily absorbed into the soft cushion of the car.

The feeling of wetting herself in her fancy car was exhilarating, a feeling she never felt before, it was turning her on in a way as the juices continued to leak out into her panties, pooling around her bottom, and soaking into the seat. She was glad that her brother wasn’t here to witness this incident at the time as she slid her panties to the side to watch the stream arch from her now exposed pussy, arching out of her, in a dark golden stream which splattered onto the floorboard of the car as she continued on down the road to the hotel. Upon seeing a building in flames, then turning into ice, she abruptly stopped her stream. Her heart sank, knowing that this event just got loud, Hearing screaming, from her brother on the radio to the teams there, and then him going silent.

She witnessed the cars go flying, along with the men... she cursed to herself parking her car, still with about ¼ of a bladder. Hopping out, seeing the girl in the room, using her ability’s to throw her brothers troops around. “Damn it damn it” she whispered feeling something elts in her, the changing feeling. She then proceeded to sneak up the flight of stairs hearing commotion going on in the room, a male, it sounded like Jonathan. “That idiot…” she whispered as she then powered up her powers, red fire in one hand and blue in the other. The blue fire would freeze her in place, the red, would restrain her after the freeze faded. “Inmate! Freeze!” she yelled at her

As soon as she yelled for the girl to freeze, her powers dimished, and a sensation in her body caused her to go numb. Her cycle had started. “shit shit shit” she cried out as she then lifted from the walkway and flung out into the sidewalk. A dark golden stream trailing behind her as she proceeded to wet herself as her powers changed to telekinesis for the remainder of the day. As she flew out into the parking lot, her stream had splattered on the girl inside, on her face and clothes for a brief second. Kelly landed hard, on top of a car, knocking her out for the time being, but when she woke, all hell had broken lose. She wet in cold wet clothes, with cold liquid in her boots, and her brother’s car was missing. And she knew there was no tracking in it. “ this isn’t going to be good” she whispered as she stood up, medics asking her questions, as she did all she could to regain the situation.

((Sorry for the delay, been busy, and my recent chapter was accidently deleted. Her cycle does not include blood, like normal cycles of a female. All cryisysem is welcomed… 1500 words))

*006*2012-04-12 12:55

Any one have any ideas for imprrovement on my writing?

