Emily's long trip home

Author: pwpj

*000*2015-12-14 00:05

My story posted last week, about a desperate student disrupted by bad weather, included reference to a previous near-miss. Here's the story of how that happened...please let me know what you like/dislike for future stories! I like to write realistic scenarios that I can imagine happening to an average girl in real life with a bit of (bad) luck.

Emily had been working in a city-centre pub in Edinburgh for the last year or so. She was a student now in the second year of her course and although she received a reasonable amount of money from the student support, and a little from her parents, she worked a few evenings per week to make life a little more comfortable with a bit more spending money.

She didn't normally work Thursdays, but it was the week before Christmas and the manager of the pub, Aaron, had offered her some extra hours. As her exams were now over, and she'd be glad of the extra money, she agreed.

And so it was that Emily found herself behind the bar on a busy Thursday night. She was a good-looking 18 year old, with long brown hair and blue eyes, cute freckles and a reasonably well in shape body. She'd left home in plenty of time, dressing in a white blouse and a tight black skirt with black tights. A white bra covered her 32C breasts, and she had put on turquoise lacey knickers under the skirt. She usually wore trousers and therefore had to wear a thong to avoid VPL, but as she had a skirt on she felt she could wear something a bit prettier! Arriving in town, she stopped at a coffee shop - the evening shift would cause her to need caffeine! After popping in to Boots for a couple of things, she headed towards the small pub where she worked. Many office workers were having pre-Christmas drinks, so the bar was busy even when she arrived at 4pm.

Emily was working with another student, Sarah that evening. Sarah was Irish, with deep blue eyes and blonde hair, and a combination of cleavage and sweet smile which meant she often received a large amount of tips! The two girls were working with Aaron, the manager, and all three were kept busy. The bar was extremely warm and Emily kept taking large gulps from a glass of cold water she kept behind the counter - especially with all the running about she was having to do. A couple of hours into her shift, she started to need a wee, but there was no prospect of a break now - it was far too busy!

She continued for a little while and found herself becoming increasingly desperate, but Aaron had previously said that she could have her break at 9.30 when, he hoped, it would be quieter. Emily was trying to figure out how she could pop to the loo when Aaron broke off from a conversation with an indignant middle-aged lady and came to her. "Apparently there's no paper in the ladies, would you mind going and putting a new roll out?" he said, handing her the keys. Emily laughed to herself and said she'd go and sort it.

Heading downstairs into the basement she fetched a few rolls from the cleaning cupboard and re-filled the dispensers. Now needing a wee pretty badly, she locked herself in a cubicle, pulled up her tight black skirt and her tights and knickers down. She sat and appreciated the ability to rest her weary feet as she let a strong hissing pee stream loose, and tried to make sure she was completely empty before wiping and flushing.

Returning to the bar she reported to Aaron that all was in good order in the ladies, and having taken another drink of water she continued serving. At one point, the jeers of some drole office workers caught her attention, and she could see that Sarah was reaching up to fetch a bottle from the top shelf to the point that the bottom of her white knickers was visible to the men behind a bar. It wasn't usual for Sarah to look so flustered as she did when tugging her skirt back down, but Emily didn't have her down as the kind of girl to wear such plain underwear! Her mind wandered to her own skirt and she felt herself self-consciously tugging it down at any opportunity, lest she become the object of the drunk bankers ogling.

By 9pm it had quietened down, with many people having gone on to other pubs or clubs or headed home early, and Sarah was the first to go off for her break, leaving Emily and Aaron to run the bar. It wasn't too hectic, although it was very warm inside, so they opened a couple of windows a crack to let a breeze through. Emily took another drink from her water and set to work loading the dishwasher with glasses. She had served a few more customers and in-between had managed to clean the bar area and get all the glasses collected, whilst Aaron re-stocked the spirits.

At about 9.30 Sarah returned from her break and it was time for Emily to have hers. She was feeling quite tired to poured herself a Diet Coke and went downstairs to the staff room with a packet of crisps. She took her shoes off and relaxed on the sofa in the small room which, being air-conditioned, was a pleasant change to the main bar upstairs. At about 9.45 the phone rang, from upstairs - could she come back quickly, it had suddenly got busy? Emily finished the rest of her coke and slipped her shoes back on before she hurried upstairs and found the bar had become packed out once more with people coming out of the theatre. This was annoying, as this time of day on a weeknight was usually getting quite quiet and meant they could get ahead on the cleaning and re-stocking. It was also uncomfortably warm, thought Emily, as she took another drink of ice cold water to make up for all the rushing around she was doing.

11pm came, last orders. The last drinks were served and Emily, Sarah and Aaron started tidying up and washing up for the night. "Is it usually like this on a Thursday?" asked Emily. "Nah, not really" replied Sarah "It's usually a piece of cake, but will you just look at the tips we've got" she said pointing to a glass filled right to the brim. Emily was thankful for Sarah's cleavage as she remembered how tips were shared between the staff equally - not, as had once been suggested, proportionally according to bra size!

Aaron locked the doors a little after 11.15 and the last few glasses were washed up. All three staff were tired and, on his suggestion, they retreated downstairs to the staffroom to share out the tips and enjoy a cold beer each. Sarah related tales of a guy she had started seeing recently whilst Aaron separated the cash equally between the three.

Although it was now approaching midnight, all three were so tired there was little incentive to move in a hurry. In fact, it was Sarah who made the first move to leave - "Right, must be off, last bus is in 10 minutes and I don't want to miss it again?".

"What're you on about?" replied Emily "you could get the nightbus?".

"Ha!" replied Sarah "you forget it's a Thursday - there are no nightbuses". Emily suddenly realised she'd reckoned without the timetable being less comprehensive on a Thursday than her usual Friday, and checking her phone she realised that her last bus home was scheduled to leave the bus stop in under 5 minutes. "Shit!" she cursed - unusual for her - and finishing the last of her beer she said her hurried goodbyes to Sarah and Aaron and left the staff exit.

It was extremely cold outside, as December in Scotland is wont to be, and the cars parked in the alleyway had frosted-over windscreens. Emily shivered and pulled her coat closer as she realised she needed a wee. She would usually have gone before leaving anywhere - especially somewhere that she'd drunk a beer, a diet coke and copious amounts of water since last going - but the urgency of catching the last bus was more important. Still, it wouldn't be long, she thought - it's late at night, only perhaps 20 minutes and she'd be home.

Walking quickly served three purposes - making her bladder feel more comfortable, making her feel warmer and getting her to the bus stop in time. Fortunately, she needn't have worried about the latter at least, as when she arrived at the bus stop there was still 5 minutes to go until the bus arrived, according to the indicator board. "Damn!" she said to nobody in particular "I had time to do a wee before I left!". As Emily stood in the cold street she found herself bending her knees slightly, then crossing her legs, before raising her left leg up slightly. Her need for relief had intensified since she had left the pub - probably because of the cold.

The maroon-coloured double-decker approached, so it wouldn't be too long until they were home. Emily dropped her money into the machine and took her ticket, selecting a seat upstairs near the front. The bus pulled away from the stop and lumbered through the city centre one-way systems and traffic lights, picking up a few people here and there. Emily realised that she was fidgeting quite considerably and wondered what it must look like, so she resolved to sit normally and not fidget. This lasted all of 10 seconds, as she felt increased pressure on her bladder, so she compromised by crossing her legs tightly and hoped that this would relieve the pressure.

The bus left the city centre on one of the main roads and Emily was pleased to see that progress was rapid. She looked at her phone and worked out that, given where they were, they should be at her bus stop in about 15 minutes, which meant she'd be home in 20. Twenty minutes, and she'd be able to have a wee.

Conscious of a lack of movement, Emily looked up and saw a traffic queue ahead of the stationary bus, caused by some temporary traffic lights. Men in high-vis jackets were working with pneumatic drills and buckets of tar to replace the road surface, so the temporary lights had been set up. Damn! They sat for quite some time as traffic from the other direction, and the side turning, took their turns to go across the half of the road which remained open. Finally the lights turned green and the traffic moved forward slowly forwards, the bus pulling out slightly to the other side of the road. Damn! The lights had gone red just as they reached them, but fortunately the driver seemed keen to get on his way and he quickly sped through the roadworks and on to the open road on the other side.

It was quite rare for bus drivers to make good progress, noted Emily, as they would usually dawdle like nobody's business. Her bladder was causing her great pain now, and she was thankful she'd chosen a skirt rather than a pair of trousers with a tight belt. She was really pretty desperate and crossing her legs was only going so far. She looked around - there were a couple of people upstairs, but they were quite a way back, so Emily surreptitiously edged her short tight skirt up slightly, above her crotch, so that she could directly hold herself. Looking down, she could see her black tights and underneath them the outline of her turquoise lacey knickers. Buttoning her coat up, she could reach inside and hold her crotch without anybody being any the wiser.

She was just praising her unknown foresight when the bus pulled up opposite the garage and the engine turned off. "Y'alright Bill?" she could hear the driver saying downstairs, and looking out the window she could see another driver getting on board. Shit! Drivers sometimes changed over at this point, and looking at her watch it was pretty much the time she should have reached her stop by now, but this was at least 10 minutes away.

"Ah havny seen you in weeks eh!" replied Bill loudly, "Ah'v goat a right easy one the night eh, take this up the top an' back tae the depot via the bypass, then hame tae me supper"*. The two men chatted for a couple of minutes whilst Emily's bladder screamed at her, making its presence felt. "See yer later Bill, have a gid night pal" she heard, and she could see the original driver ease himself off the bus and waddle towards the depot. The replacement driver started up the engine (for a heart stopping moment, the first attempt failed, but Emily practically lept for joy when it fired up on the second try) and sped away from the depot.

The main road was pretty empty at this time of night, and there were only half a dozen people left on the bus. Three of them alighted at a stop in the next suburb, and the bus left the edge of the city bound only for the final residential area where Emily lived. She was fortunate to have been able to secure a 3-bedroom semi-detatched house with two of her friends, in an area where students often didn't live. There wasn't a direct bus to the university, but it was about a half an hour walk away, and Emily could drive if it was raining. Her flatmates were both away at the moment, having left to go back down to their respective family homes over Christmas. Emily had the run of the place for the next few days until she went back over to nearby Fife for Christmas with her own family.

After a lively ride on the last bit of fast road - Emily appreciated how many potholes you never really felt unless you had an uncomfortably full bladder - they pulled into the area where she lived. Not long now, only three more stops. The bus turned off the main road and threaded its way through the residential streets, dropping somebody off opposite the main shops, now closed up for the night.

Her stop was next. Emily realised that whilst she was moving, she couldn't hold on to her crotch as she had been doing so far. She took a deep breath in and stood up to pull the cord to ring the bell. The bus pulled up smoothly to her stop and she gingerly eased herself downstairs and out the back door, thanking the driver in a shaky voice as she did so. She stood on the pavement as the bus roared off into the night, and realised that she was only a few minutes from home, but time was of the essence. She started walking with very awkward gait - trying, as she was, to cause maximum pressure on her crotch.

Her bladder felt like a hot stone in her stomach. Her home was not far away at all but the effort was going to be substantial. Suddenly, she felt her bladder spasm and contract slightly, allowing a very small dribble of pee to leak from her tight sphincter and dampen her knickers. Emily realised that time was very low and she could only run and hope for the best.

Realising that nobody was around, at a quarter to one on a Friday morning in a quiet residential street, Emily grabbed her crotch with one hand and ran like no tomorrow down the road. She had been quite athletic in her early teenage years, although nobody had ever timed her running in a tight skirt and slip-on shoes. She managed to reach the front door of her house without further leakage, but as she fumbled desperately for the key she could feel a tightening in her bladder and she froze. She could hear a hissing noise for about a second as her tortured bladder betrayed her and let a second-long leak of pee out. Keys. Where the fuck are they?! Come on. Toilet's not far away. You can do this.

She found the key. Hand trembling, she undid the yale lock and stepped over the threshold, kicking the door shut with a slam from the inside. Emily unceremoniously dumped her bag in the hallway and dropped her coat on the floor. Another tightening of the bladder, another hissing sound, another one second release. Almost there. At least she was alone now. She tore up the stairs, with another one second leak as she was halfway up, followed by another as she ran across the hallway - getting closer and closer together. Bursting into the bathroom she pulled on the light cord and the fluorescent light flickered on. She entered the threshold and felt another one second leak into her knickers, which were beginning to feel rather warm.

Desperately, she tried to ram her sphincter shut for just a few more seconds so she could get on the toilet. But as soon as the leak was over, another one started - there were three one-second leaks as she moved across the bathroom with barely a break between them - and then her bladder just gave up entirely and the bathroom filled with the sound of loud hissing as Emily wet herself. So close. So, so close. She stood there in her blouse, skirt and tights as she emptied her bladder into her knickers, dribbling down the legs of her tights into pools on the lino floor by her feet. She had been tense for over an hour now and it felt wonderful to be able to relax herself completely. The relief was amazing. As her bladder became almost entirely empty, she found herself pushing to rid herself of the final bit. What the heck, her tights were drenched anyway.

Emily came to her senses a minute or so later. What had she done? At the age of 18, she had uncontrollably wet herself in the bathroom, not three feet from the toilet. She surveyed the damage. Her turquoise lacey knickers were sodden, and her tights had a wet patch running down the inside leg to her feet, and a large patch over her crotch and bum. Gingerly, she removed first her blouse and bra and dropped them in the washing basket, before stepping into the bath and taking a quick hot shower as she stripped her tights and knickers off. She left them in the bathtub, to put them in the wash separately in the morning.

How lucky she was, she thought, that her housemates were away. She still self-consciously dashed across the hallway naked to her room, where she put on a pair of plain black knickers and some pyjamas. Returning to the bathroom to take her makeup off, there was still a puddle of yellow in the middle of the floor. By the time this had been mopped up she needed to go again, and she sat down on the toilet and let another stream loose, impressed that her bladder had been holding even more than she'd just let out. She thought about the evening she'd had. She was so close to the toilet. If any of the things hadn't happened - if she'd have gone for a wee before she left work - or if she'd have not had that beer, or if the bus hadn't got stuck in the roadworks, or if the driver hadn't changed over...

Emily popped back downstairs and tidied her bag and coat. There was a very small wet patch on the hallway carpet where she'd started to seriously leak. There was still washing of her wet clothes to do, but that could wait until the morning. It was nearly two a.m. by now and she was exhausted.

Crawling into bed she saw a text on her phone from Aaron, asking if she got home ok and would she be interested in working next Thursday, too? She sighed. Next time, she'd definitely check the timetable before agreeing to anything.

Please let me know what you think of this writing. I might see if Emily can make an appearance in another story, or perhaps continue my writing with another character. Either way, I'm open to ideas. I like realistic scenarios which could befall any young lady through circumstance or poor choice, as opposed to wildly unrealistic things which you could never imagine actually happening.

* - It strikes me that those without knowledge of British dialects may find this particular sentence confusing! In RP, it would be along the lines of - "I've got a right easy one tonight, take this up the top and then back to the depot via the bypass, then home to my dinner."

*003*2015-12-16 21:46

Thanks guys!

*006*2015-12-20 23:29

{{:

I love this story and I love your idea of making realistic scenarios, I often find some wetting stories to be a bit far fetched and while I enjoy them all the same the element of realism makes that you are achieving in these stories, particularly by following the news is very refreshing, please continue to write these stories as the two you have posted so far are among my favorite stories ever!

}}

Thanks. I posted some last year based on another character, and I'm writing another one now, again based on a realistic scenario.

