The Witches Wet (Comission for Zaku II)

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-05-08 00:05

The five members of the Witches Five sat apprehensively around the lab. None were willing to admit to the other that they had failed to collect a single Pure Heart Crystal. Each of the women sat thinking of their failed attempts. Each had come so close in their plans, but those damn sailor scouts thwarted their attempts and now it was time to pay the price for their failure. Why couldn’t they just be chewed out by the boss and be done with it, thought Eudial as she sat at her organ and played one depressing song after another. What would her punishment be? They wouldn’t take away her precious organ would they?

Sure the other witches had complained many times about the noise and had referred to her playing as “a symphony of 100 mating cats” but that’s just because they didn’t appreciate fine art like she did. Eudial tossed her flaming red hair back off her shoulders and looked around the room at each depressed face. Even Mimete had taken disinterest in her in favor of repeatedly smoothing out her black and yellow skirt in a rather OCD like fashion. Eudial noticed something was off the moment she had opened her locker and noticed not a single snail was placed in it; not even under the lid of the organ as she had spent many hours cleaning snail trails off the keys in the past. Not that she was complaining though.

“Hello, my children.” Dr. Tomoe said causing the five witches to jump. “It is performance review time.” He said cheerily as each of the witches looked everywhere but at him. “Inside this hat are several slips of paper. Each one has a punishment for whoever collected the least amount of Pure Hearts.” This was going to be good, he thought with a smile. The girls needed to be punished for their failure and what a better way than a little humiliation. So what if it was also one of his fantasies? The girls didn’t need to know that. “So who here wants to admit they got the lowest amount, hmm?” He teased. “No? Well how about you, Tellu. Care to tell us how many hearts you collected?”

“Uhh, well, you see.” The green haired woman stuttered as she looked down at her long black and green dress as she tried to come up with an excuse. Tellu’s plan had gone well at first. Many students had bought her plants and they collected fine hosts indeed; until Sailor Jupiter ruined her plans. “None.” Tellu finally admitted as the other witches silently let out their collectively held breathes.

Dr. Tomoe made a tsk sound as he moved on to his next target. “Ptilol? Cyprine? Who ever you are right now. No? Eudial?” Dr. Tomoe shook his head in mock disgust as the red headed women cast her ruby red eyes to the ground. “Did anyone succeed? Not a single pure heart from any of you? This is UNACCEPTABLE!” he yelled out making the witches jump. “Since you all failed, each of you will be performing the penalty task.” he said shoving the hat toward the silver haired woman. “Choose carefully, Viluy.” he said with a smile as she slowly dropped her hand into the hat a pulled out a slip of paper. She opened it up as her beautiful white cheeks tinted with a slight beige color.

“Are you serious?” she asked looking from him to the piece of paper. “Let me choose another one!” she pleaded.

“Nu-uh, what you see is what you get. Now how about you read out what you ladies will be doing first thing tomorrow morning.”

“W-wet yourself in front of everybody.” Viluy read from the card. The other witches moaned in disgust as each protested.

“How about you girl make it interesting?” Dr. Tomoe said as he brushed his silver hair back. “Since you each failed to one up the other, now’s your chance. I know just how much you ladies like competition so how about I make this interesting. I suggest a little contest. A holding contest if you will. The rules will be simple, the last one dry doesn’t have to wet themselves.”

“You want us to have a pee holding contest?” Eudial said looking a little disgusted and doubtful.

“Well you don’t have too.” he said shrugging his shoulders and straightening out his white lab coat. “ You can just piss yourself first thing in the morning and get it over with, but you’ll ruin your nice outfit.”

“You mean we have to do it fully dressed? In our costumes? No way i’m taking it to the dry cleaners with pee stains on it!” Viluy said crossing her arms as her face flushed at the very thought.

“Well then if you don’t want to might I suggest winning?” he said with a smirk. “Oh, and winner gets a request of their choice. A new weapon, or a vehicle...a certain piano smashed to pieces…” he added as Eudial clenched her fists. Four out of the five witches looked excited at that last prospect and muttered amongst themselves.

“I can’t wait to smash that thing to pieces!” Mimete exclaimed. “It’s sounds like nails on a chalkboard.”

“What and you think you’re singing doesn’t?” Eudial said as her temper began showing. “When I win I’m going to use my wish to keep you from cleaning your costume! Don’t worry I think piss stains will go well with that outfit. I’m sure you can still become an idol afterwards though. An idol of water sports that is.”

“Why you!” Mimete said pouncing on top of Eudial with a fistful of her hair.

“What are you two fighting about now?” Kaolinite asked in a bored tone of voice as she rolled her eyes. She stood by the door observing the brawl in mild annoyance. Such immaturity she thought as she lightly traced her large black pendant with her fingers. Her long red hair flowed down onto her black dress that covered everything but her enormously large bust. “Did we meet our quota for the month?” she asked Dr. Tomoe ignoring the other girls squabble.

“Not even close.” he answered standing up a little straighter. “I was just going over their punishment now.”

“You’re not going to believe what he’s making us do!” Viluy complained.

“As long as they suffer do as you wish.” Kaolinite said before leaving and slamming the door closed behind her.

###

That is how the witches five ended up in the situation they presently found themselves in. Beads of sweat formed down the girls faces and they strained and fought to contain the river, no the lake, the flood inside of them. Each girl made eye contact with the other to see where they stood in terms of desperation. Once the subject of honor was brought up each refused to back down from the challenge no matter how trivial it may be.

“Why did I ever agree to do this?” Tellu whined as she crossed her legs and bent forward. Her green hair bounced up and down as it’s owner hobbled in place. Her matching green eyes watered from the effort as she fought to hold on to her dignity and pride. She would not lose to these...these...witches! No, more like bitches! At this moment in time each girl was her enemy.

“Because you didn’t have a choice just like the rest of us.” Viluy answered as she too grasped herself in desperation. “Just be thankful YOUR leggings aren’t white.” she said hating herself for her previous taste in fashion. When she had first designed her costume white leggings looked ideal with her black ensemble with white and black pattern that flared out from the bottom to match her white flowing hair. Now she looked at it with disgust. If she lost there would be no hiding it.

“Ready to give up yet?” Mimete taunted as she strained with all her might to hide her discomfort and appear at ease to Eudial who appeared to be doing the same. She could feel the bulge in her bladder pressing against her skin. She could do this! She thought until a rather strong urge caused her to grind her teeth as her legs automatically came together.

“Maybe it’s you who should give up!” Eudial called back tossing her long red hair aside. She knew she had this. Her bladder could withstand much more than this. She smiled confidently as she gazed upon the other girls. Tellu already looked ready to lose it and even Viluy was already holding herself! She glanced to Cyprine who appeared to be having a one sided argument with Ptilol. If the observer didn’t know Cyprine shared her body with her twin; it would appear the blue haired women was crazy as she yelled and answered herself. It was really between the three of them.

Tellu tried her best to hide her smile. Her plan was working she thought as she let out a fake groan. She would lure them into a false sense of security. She really wasn’t as desperate as she appeared to be. Sure, if given the choice she would have emptied her bladder several hours ago at least, but she could manage. It was Cyprine that usually played the mind games, but two could play at that game! ...Or was it three? she wondered as she remembered the girls indwelling twin. No matter she reassured herself shaking away the petty thought.

Once she won this her precious plants would be getting the best fertilizer money could buy. It was made with ground up human remains and just a touch of magic that would guarantee whatever plant it would be mixed in with would be twice, no three times as strong. This was her chance to grow out her Tellun’s and make them unstoppable! She rubbed her stomach a little as a wave of true desperation washed over her. She’d have to stop her acting now she thought as it was bringing real urges with it. An alarm buzzed grabbed all five girls attention.

“That’s the end of round one!” Dr. Tomoe called out. “Now the real fun begins! For this round you are allowed to use your powers ONCE to try and make the other lose control. Your attack can only affect ONE person. You have one try, use it wisely.” he said from his seat as he watched on. Other colleagues had joined the fun once they found out what was going on. Some took bets, while others just enjoyed watching the annoying women suffer. Dr. Tomoe had originally wanted this to be a more private viewing, but once word spread many were eager to watch the show. He sighed and rubbed his temples at all the gawkers and onlookers who chatted away. It wasn’t supposed to be like this.

Cyprine searched for her target. She knew whoever she used her power on would lose instantly. She was a level 999 and once she used her power to manipulate someone into giving up and wetting, they would have no choice but to obey. They would be powerless against her suggestion, but the question remained. Who to use it on? There was Eudial, but she was always butting heads with Mimete. As annoying as those two were even she didn’t have the heart to end their fun. This was a battle between the two of them, who was she to butt in and stop them? Even if she took down Eudial instead of Mimete she would still likely find snails in places she did not wish to find them in a form of retaliation from Mimete. This left Tellu, who already looked desperate as it was, and Viluy. Yes, it would be Viluy she thought as she set her sights on the white haired beauty.

“Woo! C’mon, Eudial, I’ve got money on you!” someone yelled from the crowd. Cyprine was instantly snapped from her concentration as she turned to glare up at the lab assistant who dared to speak up. That’s when she laid eyes on the depressed face of Dr. Tomoe. Clearly he was not enjoying himself like the rest of his co-workers. Unlike them, he did not enjoy seeing them suffer she thought. If someone had to watch and be the judge she would prefer it was just him. That’s when an idea struck her.

“Dr. Tomoe?” she called out as she shifted from foot to foot from her own need. “May my power effect more than one person if it is not aimed at my fellow contestants?” she said with a wink at him. He thought about it. Was she going to do what he thought she was?

“If it will not affect myself or them in any way I don’t see why not.” he answered while pointing to the other girls.

“Oh, c'mon!” A person from the crowd moaned.

There is nothing interesting happening here. You suddenly realize you have much work to do and deadlines to meet. Cyprine thought as she projected it into to watching crowd.

“Shit!” they heard someone yell who started making their way to the exit. “I forgot about that report the boss wanted me to have in by lunch time!”

“Me too!”

“My boss is going to kill me for sure!”

In no time at all people began “remembering” things they were supposed to do or simply lost interest in the proceedings and began exiting one after another until only the six of them were alone in the room.

“Fool! You used your power for that?” Mimete yelled even though she too was grateful for the vanishing crowd. The blonde with struck with a greater urge as she nearly doubled over. This was bad she thought. She had only been at this for a few hours and already it had come to this? Beads of sweat began forming on her forehead. She made sure no one was paying her any mind as she patted the inside of her legs to make sure everything was in place. She scanned the area again before letting a little bit out.

“I changed my mind!” Dr. Tomoe yelled. “No powers. You’re going to do this the old fashioned way. Besides, I don’t want any damages to this place coming out of my paycheck. As a thank you to Cyprine, are there any rules in this you want changed?”

Cyprine nodded. “Can we take our costumes off?”

“Sure.” Dr. Tomoe shrugged. He had really wanted to them wet their costumes, but this worked too. At least he could enjoy this alone instead of having a crowd of people breathing down his neck. It was thanks to her after all.

Cyprine smiled as she started stripping leaving herself in just her blue bra and matching panties followed by Eudial and Viluy.

“Ah, it feels so much better to get that added pressure off my bladder!” Viluy explained as she rubbed her stomach and hopped from foot to foot unable to keep still. “Why aren’t you two stripping?’ she asked as she looked to Tellu and Mimete.

“I’m not wearing anything under this.” Tellu admitted blushing causing the three half naked girls to snicker.

“What about you, Mimete? Are you going commando also?” Eudial teased coming towards her.

“Yeah, t-that’s it.” Mimete said sounding unconvincing as her face was wracked with guilt. Eudial noticed right away Mimete was acting suspicious and decided to keep an eye on her.

“That’s the end of round two!” Dr. Tomoe called as a buzzer sounded. “Round three is about to start. The rules are simple, you can’t move. At all.”

“What?” They all groaned. It was hard enough being able to move. They all did a last minute dance before they took their positions. Viluy audibly gulped as she stopped moving. The pressure was almost unbearable as some immediately came out dampening her white panties. She quickly managed to tighten her legs together to stop the flow. Tellu was visibly shaking in her green dress. The fabric tightened against her bulging bladder putting pressure on it. At first a little escaped just like Viluy, but as hard as she tried she couldn’t stop it as it began trickling down her legs. With a sigh of regret she squatted down and let go moaning in relief as she did. Urine hissed loudly as it came in contact with her greens tights which darkened and quickly spilled pee onto the ground as it formed a puddle underneath her. If she was going to go out; she was going to make it so much worse for everyone watching.

The four remaining girls watched in awe and desperation as a look of contentment filled Tellu’s face. After holding it for so long it became so tempting to just let go like that. The sounds of splashing urine was like nails on a chalkboard and only worsened their desperation. All except for Mimete’s, Eudial noticed. As time went on and their desperation worsened Eudial noticed something strange about Mimete’s tights.

“Hey, Tellu! Come here a second.” Eudial called out as the soaked girl stood and made her way over. Eudial whispered something in her ear as Tellu nodded in agreement. Before Mimete could stop her, Tellu came up behind her and pulled her tights down revealing the bag, tubes, and funnel held in place by tape. All the girls stared at Mimete as their anger boiled over as they stared at the bag that had been slowly filling with pee throughout this whole ordeal. Here Mimete was taking the pressure off while the rest of them were suffering!

“It seems we have a cheater in our midst.” Dr. Tomoe said calmly as he watched on. “Tellu, feel free to use your powers and let her feel how uncomfortable being wet it.”

“With pleasure.” she said as vines came shooting out of nowhere and ripped the contraption off of Mimete.

“No! No!” Mimete screamed as the vines began gently caressing her sides making her giggle.”No! Please stop!” She laughed as she fell to the floor. The vines slowly snaked their way to the bottoms of her feet and began their merciless assault until soon Mimete was left lying in a puddle of her own pee. “My skirt and tights!” she frowned as she inspected the damage once Tellu’s vines made their way back to their owner.

“Looks like there’s only three of you left.” Dr. Tomoe said smiling as he sat back and enjoyed the show.

The three remaining witches stared intently at each other. It wouldn’t be long now Eudial thought as she watched Viluy biting her lip and moaning. Sure enough the white haired women bent forward as a yellow stream began making it’s way down each leg as it puddled into the floor beneath her. Now it was just Eudial and Cyprine. Both girls stood facing each other in their underwear fearing that uttering a single word would relax the hold on their bladders and cause them to lose. This was no longer about the wish each girl said through their eye contact. This was about proving who was the best. This was about honor! Ah, who were they kidding, it was SO about the wish. Eudial imagined her own music hall where she could practice in peace away from the moaning and groaning of these uncouth...were they really her sisters?

Cyprine on the other hand imagined a way to be permanently detached from her twin.

“Like I want to share head space with you either!” Ptilol barked.

“I can’t argue with you right now! I’m trying to concentrate!” Cyprine yelled back

“Don’t ignore me! I’m talking to you!”

“Go away!”

“Fine! I will! As soon as I come out!” Ptilol shot back as she prepared to split from Cyprine.

“No! Wait! Stop!” Cyprine yelled in a panic, but it was too late. As Cyprine and Ptilol began splitting into two beings Cyprine lost her hold on her bladder is it splashed to the ground as the large puddle began flowing out over the floor proving that whoever had built this place had done a terrible job of leveling it. Dr. Tomoe stood from his chair and began a slow clap as Eudial made a mad dash for the door.

“Bathroom! Bathroom! Bathroom! What are you doing, Tellu? Move!” Eudial yelled jumping up and down while grabbing herself. She had begun leaking long ago and the moisture had shown through her red panties.

“Aww, c’mon, Eudial, just go ahead and go. You know you want to. Just stop moving and let everything come out; it will feel so good!” Viluy teased as she too got in Eudials way.

“No! Let me go!” Eudial begged as she felt something prickly beginning to wrap around her torso. “Tellu! Stop it! Get your vines off me!”

“Just close your eyes and let go!” Mimete said with a giggle.

“Let it out! Let it out!” The four girls began chanting.

“No, stop it.” she begged as she felt the last of her energy slip away until finally she couldn’t take it anymore as she spread her legs and let go.

“Woo!” The four others cheered as Eudials face began matching the color of her hair and eyes as she kept going and going and going proving to everyone that if she could hold that much she certainly did have the largest bladder of them all.

“What the hell happened in here?!” An angry voice exclaimed as the six of them turned to see Kaolinite standing in the hall with a look of disgust on her face. “Eudial! Are you wetting yourself!?”

“I can’t stop.” Eudial whimpered as her body refused her commands. Kaolinite stood glaring at Eudial until she finally stopped, but only because she was completely empty. She turned to glare upon the others and took notice that they too were soaked. “Disgusting.” she growled. “Clean this up! And you!.” She said pointing to Dr. Tomoe. “This is coming out of your paycheck!” She screamed before turning around the slamming the door shut behind her.

Totally worth it, Dr. Tomoe thought as he stood from his chair and made his way to the exit.

“It is okay to just let go and wet yourself. It’s only natural after all.” A voice suggested in his head. Yeah, it was only natural. What goes in must come out, he thought as he stood in place and felt a warmth begin to surround his crouch and make its way down his legs and into his shoes.

“Sorry, girls, couldn’t help myself.” Ptilol said with a smile as she leaned against the wall.

