Penny’s New Bike

Author: Barry

*000*2019-10-09 02:13

Penny’s New Bike.

Chapter 1.

“PENNY! PHONE!”

Penny heard her mums call, and walked briskly from her room, an inquisitive look on her face. She didn’t receive a lot of calls on the house phone, as like most 18 year olds, her and most of her friends usually did most of their socialising via their cell phones or laptops.

“Who is it mum?” She whispered, taking the handset, and covering the mouthpiece with her hand.

“Some lady from the Cancer Research Foundation,” her mum whispered back. “What do you think it’s about?”

Penny felt an excited tingle surging through her body. It could only be one thing, something that she had been daydreaming about lately.

The raffle!

Penny and her mum had been shopping recently, and the Cancer Research Foundation had been selling raffle tickets in the mall for five dollars each. First prize was a new car, second was a moped, third was a new bicycle. Not just any bicycle, but a proper road racing one, with an ultra lightweight carbon fibre frame, with a clothing and accessory package thrown in.

Obviously Penny would love the car or moped, but any of the top three prizes would make her daily commute to college a lot easier. Her mum had bought them a ticket each, and had listed their landline number on the tickets. That had to be it!

“Hello?” Penny said, her voice shaking with excitement, as her mother hovered beside her, listening anxiously. Jackie, Penny’s mother had forgotten all about the raffle, and her concern was entirely about why someone from the CRF would be ringing her hopefully perfectly healthy daughter!

“Yes. Yes, this is her, I mean me. I’m me. I mean her....” Penny was too excited to think straight, and was starting to glow with embarrassment with how she suddenly seemed to have so much trouble talking.

“Yes. Yes I did. That’s right,” she looked at her mum, and suddenly squealed with excitement.

“OHMYGOD! YOU’REKIDDINGME! REALLY?!?”

Holding the phone away from her mouth, she almost shouted at her mother. “I’ve won a prize mum! I’ve won that freaking bike!”

Jackie could here the lady on the other end of the phone laughing loudly, and she clapped her hands with excitement for her daughter, before fetching a pad and pencil for Penny to take notes with.

After the call had ended, Jackie and her daughter sat at the kitchen table with a calming cup of tea, while Penny filled her in on all the details.

She had indeed won the third prize, a new bike valued at almost $5000, with all the extra accessories, including an electronic trip meter, a good quality bike lock, a water bottle, pump, maintenance kit, as well as a complete clothing package! She was ecstatic!

“I almost wet my pants!” Penny said. “I’ve never been so excited!”

Jackie laughed. Her daughter had been known to do that before, but not for at least a couple of years now. When she had been younger, Penny’s bladder had been just a little bit on the weaker side of normal, but as she had progressed through adolescence, it seemed to have strengthened itself as she had gotten older. As far as Jackie knew, Penny hadn’t wet herself for quite some time now, although she didn’t often do her daughters laundry much these days....

Mother and daughter talked excitedly about Penny’s good fortune, and started to make plans about how she could go about collecting her new bike. The bike store that had provided the prize was almost 20 kilometres away, and neither Jackie’s, or her husband Dereks cars had bike racks fitted, and were both too small to fit one in.

“It’s no problem mum,” Penny declared happily. “I can ride it home! I’ve just gotta get up there to collect it. Apparently I can do it on Saturday morning! I’m sure dad will take me, if I ask him.”

Jackie was unconvinced. “It’s a long way Pen. You haven’t ridden a bike for awhile now. Do you think you can ride that far?”

Penny laughed. “Easy mum! This thing is as light as a feather! It’s an actual proper road racing bike you know! It’ll be super easy. Besides, if daddy takes me up there, I can just take my time, and stop at the beach for a swim on the way back. It’ll be awesome!”

The family lived near the beach, and although the shop was a bit of a distance away, it would be mostly a flat, safe ride on the bike path that followed the freeway into their little slice of suburbia, with only a couple of small hills to manoeuvre as she got closer to home.

Pennys father Derek was almost knocked off his feet by his daughter as soon as he walked in the door, and soon found himself agreeing to take her to the store on Saturday.

“As long as it’s not too early,” he stipulated. “I’m going into the office anyway around mid morning, so as long as we can organise it for around then, it’s fine.”

“Thanks daddy,” Penny squealed with delight, making him laugh as she wrapped him in a big hug, and kissed him on the cheek.

Later, in her room, Penny started planning her trip. One of the highest priorities wasn’t just the ride, but how she could showcase it on her social media accounts. Like a lot of girls her age, she dreamed of being an “Influencer,” or at least “Instagram Famous,” although her rather mundane life of living with her parents and being a freshman at college didn’t exactly lead itself to a lot of followers outside her own circle of friends.

She looked at herself in the mirror, self consciously admiring her reflection. She certainly thought that she could be considered pretty! The usual trademark features were there. Her hair was naturally blonde, her figure slim and curvy, and although her breasts weren’t huge, they weren’t exactly flat either! Her butt was nice and round, and would certainly look even rounder in her new skin tight lycra pants that she would soon be getting! She was of average height, and her teeth were nice and straight.

Penny sighed at the girl in the mirror. Yes, she was reasonably attractive, but apparently she lacked that certain “something,” that special sparkle that made a stunningly beautiful girl step up from an average pretty one.

“Never mind,” she told herself. “Wrap yourself up in some skin tight lycra, take some snaps with the flash new bike, and the old IG might light up like a neon billboard!”

She really didn’t expect it would happen, but at least she might get a few likes on her social media accounts at least! Even if she didn’t, it would be so super cool having a bike that cost more than some of her friends cars!

Yup. She couldn’t wait till Saturday.

Turning away from the mirror, she opened her wardrobe door, and checked the panties that were hanging up in there. They were still wet. It probably wasn’t surprising, she thought. The phone call that had made her squirt uncontrollably into her pants with excitement had only happened a couple of hours ago.

At least her skirt had prevented her mother from seeing any wet spot, and although she had needed to quickly rub her socked foot across a couple of drips on the floor, her mum hadn’t noticed that either.

Nobody had seen her wet herself for almost two years now, and although it still happened occasionally, she hoped that nobody would ever know that little accidents still affected her sometimes.

*006*2019-10-09 22:06

Thanks everyone. It’s nice to be writing again!

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Nice start here, just curious though but if I can ask this. But will diapers be featured in this story?

}}

No. A diaper free story this time. Although I wish I was wearing one!

*007*2019-10-09 23:44

Chapter 2:

Saturday couldn’t come quickly enough for Penny, but of course it eventually arrived. She was up and out of bed by 7, which was an amazing achievement for her, especially on a weekend. She had lay awake last night planning her trip down the the most infinitesimal details, and couldn’t wait to pack her things and get going.

As usual, her bladder was full upon awakening, but she chose to try and ignore it for awhile, being intent on selecting the right clothes and accessories for the big ride. Besides, she had her own adjoining bathroom, so nobody had to see her bouncing around, squeezing her legs together, or potty dancing like a little girl. She caught sight of herself in the mirror, with her hand resting on the crotch of her pink panties, nearly fully visible from beneath her cropped t-shirt, and it reminded her of something.

Penny went to her closet, and took out a pair of panties and a pair of black leggings that were hanging in there. This had been the result of a big accident she had suffered after school yesterday. She had been late leaving class, and had almost missed the bus, so she had decided to skip the usual bathroom stop and wait until she got home.

That had proved to be a bad decision. During the last few minutes of her bus ride, her urgent need to pee had skyrocketed, and suddenly she had felt a seeping warmth in her leggings. She had been convinced that she was about to lose complete control on the bus, but had somehow managed to make it to her stop, where she had virtually jumped off, and hobbled into the small neighbourhood park, where she had sat on a bench, only seconds before her bladder had completely let go, and a torrent of pee had poured out of her, completely soaking her leggings, and splattering noisily to the ground, where a huge puddle had formed on the concrete underneath her bench.

Completely mortified, she had hurried off, nearly in tears, as wet drips continued to snake down her legs, as she cut through the park, miraculously avoiding all contact with people, and even getting home without being spotted. Her luck was even better there, with both her parents being out, allowing her to make a quick and drippy run to her room to get changed, only moments before her mum had arrived back from the shop.

Shivering at the memory of her close call, she threw her wet clothes into the shower, the second time she had done so this week, and the second time she had been lucky enough to get away with it. The thought crossed her mind that she really would have to start being more careful about going to the toilet when she needed to.

Growing up, wet panties weren’t an uncommon occurrence for Penny. She had always been a bit prone to the occasional unexpected leaks when she was younger, although fully wetting herself as she had done yesterday was a very rare event. It must’ve been at least two years ago since it had happened last, she thought to herself, back when her mum was still doing her laundry for her. In fact, that last big accident at 16 had been the prime motivator for her to start doing her own washing. Since then, although her knickers sometimes got a bit wet, there had been no more full blown accidents, until yesterday, and she had always managed to take care of the occasional pair of wet undies without anybody else finding out. As far as her mum knew, Penny had kept her panties dry for nearly 2 years now, and she fully intended for her to keep thinking that way.

Besides, the occasional little leak didn’t really count as a proper pants wetting, did it? Lots of girls had little spurts in their knickers from time to time! Admittedly, they probably didn’t completely piss themselves like she had done yesterday, but that was only a one-off incident, which could happen to anyone. Couldn’t it? Anyway, she had gotten away with it without anyone knowing, and after she had rinsed her panties and leggings in the shower, she would do a load of washing, which she did every Saturday morning, and nobody would be the wiser.

Penny did glance at toilet while she was in there, and the sight of it made her cross her legs, but, she was going to have a shower in a few minutes anyway, and was still super excited to start picking her clothes out, so although she had only just decided to be more prudent about going to the toilet, she decided that she could hold on for just a little bit longer.

Besides, she really didn’t need to go THAT badly...

Back in the bedroom, she began selecting her outfit. Because she would be getting a whole new cycling kit, she would have to carry whatever she wore up there, home again, so she didn’t want to wear too much. Plus, the skintight lycra would show off a panty line, so that had to be a consideration as well. The fact that she had planned to stop at the beach for a swim on her way home, made the choice of underwear very easy.

Opening her drawers, Penny selected a very tiny thong style bikini, pure white. It wouldn’t show a panty line through her cycling shorts, and she could swim in it without taking a change of clothes, except for a dry pair of panties to change into.

She laid it out on the bed, her toes curling as she bounced on the balls of her feet, her need to pee getting worse. She would need a small backpack, and had a perfect one in her wardrobe. The backpack would only need to be big enough to carry her t-shirt, shorts, flip flops, wallet, and of course her phone, which would be used extensively to update her IG, Tumblr, Facebook, and Snapchat accounts, showing all her friends and followers her beautiful new bike, with the obligatory cafe stop thrown in for good measure.

In the interests of weight conservation, (Nothing to do with looking pretty of course,) Penny selected a sleeveless strappy top to wear, and some high cut cotton running shorts. She knew her father would complain about the lack of fabric involved, but sometimes old people just don’t “get it.”

A towel would be needed, and she was sure that she had a mid-sized one in the bottom drawer of her dresser, so she squatted down on her haunches to open it.

This turned out to be a big mistake.

As her knees opened, and her bottom dropped to just above her heels, she felt a sudden loosening sensation inside of her body, and her pee hole twitched, only a second before a strong jet of hot pee shot out of her. It was powerful enough to shoot straight through her pink cotton panties, arcing out both in front and behind her, instantly soaking her feet, and even hitting the front of her opened bottom drawer.

Penny yelped in surprise, and tried to close her legs and place a protective hand against her crotch at the same time, which only led to her stumbling backwards, and landing firmly on her butt.

That was all the trigger that her full bladder needed to give up completely, and although she sat flat on the vinyl plank covered floor, and crossed her ankles tightly as she hunched forward, she couldn’t stop the flow at all. Penny hissed in a sharp intake of breath, the hand between her legs getting wet, as a huge puddle began spreading out in all directions from beneath her bottom, and the feeling of hot wetness spread all the way down the back of her thighs to behind her knees.

It seemed like she peed for an eternity, but it was probably only ten seconds or so before she had let enough out to regain control again. It is amazing just how much liquid can get released within ten seconds, and by the time the out of control flow had eventually been stopped, she found herself sitting in the middle of a puddle that was at least a meter round.

When she was sure that she had finished, at least for now, she had no choice but to put both her hands into the puddle to help herself stand up, getting her feet wet as well. The girl peeled her now dark pink panties off, noticing how they were completely saturated all the way up to back elastic, and dropped them with a splash into the puddle. She then removed her t-shirt, and gave herself a quick wipe between the legs, on her bottom, and the inside of her legs, trying to wipe as many drops away as she could. Penny threw the shirt just clear of the puddle, and stepped out onto it, using it to dry her feet.

She was completely mortified by what had happened, and her heart was pounding, with the only thoughts being to clean up the mess quickly before anyone found out. Now completely naked, she hurriedly padded into her bathroom, picking up a couple of already used towels from the floor, which she used to soak up the seemingly monstrous sized puddle. Wetting a towel with hot water, she wiped the floor as best she could, thanking her lucky stars that her parents had replaced most of the carpet in the house with vinyl planking not long ago. Her sodden panties and shirt got thrown into the bottom of the shower with the other wet clothes, and she stood back, turning the water on.

A few cold drops fell against her breasts, and the remaining pee in her bladder flowed freely, running down over her legs and feet, soaking into the large pile of already pee-soaked clothes on the floor. This time, she made no attempt to stop it, and in fact she even pushed a bit, sighing with relief as her bladder finally emptied itself of the last of her morning’s ablutions.

She was disgusted with herself after having two major accidents within the last 15 or so hours, but the relief was nothing short of incredible. As she started washing herself thoroughly, standing on the wet clothes, she found herself paying particular attention to the private area between her legs as she scrubbed, and had to muffle her moaning sounds as another type of physical relief swiftly overwhelmed her.

*009*2019-10-09 23:53

{{2 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

Oh well, maybe next time.

}}

I’ll see how people react to the character. Maybe Penny could be a continuing character in a set of short stories. As you know, I like using the same characters, and until I know what will happen with Daniel and Amy, I might stick with Penny for awhile if people like her. That means that diapers could show up in a future story.

Believe me, I’ve thought about it.

*013*2019-10-10 06:07

{{21 minutes ago, mikey mike said:

I'm liking this story very much Barry and I think you're doing a great job with it. Looking forward to seeing how you move the story along in future chapters.

Hopefully D&A is safe now, but we'll have to see won't we?

}}

Thanks mate. I think the introduction of Aiden and Maria will be its inevitable downfall. It’s a pity. I like those two.

It looks like the powers that be are treating it on a case by case basis for now, as in, it’ll stay up until the point that someone reports it. There’s a few people that are having the time of their narrow little lives reporting stuff like D & A, so I think it’s only a matter of time.

Ive openly told Maki what the content involves, but it’s still up, at least for now. But I imagine it’ll eventually get removed once it’s reported.

In the meantime, I feel safe enough to continue it, as I now have a complete backup copy up to the last chapter, so I can continue it elsewhere if and when that time comes.

Hopefully Penny’s adventures might fill that void!

*015*2019-10-10 07:15

{{24 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

I have a feeling I will know who will be the one to do that.

}}

Me too.

*016*2019-10-11 04:21

Chapter 3

Penny stepped out of the shower with her head spinning. She had not intended to pleasure herself at all. As a matter of fact, until she had started washing, bringing herself to orgasm would’ve been the furthest thing from her mind. All she had wanted to do, was cleanse herself of her shameful accident, and give her clothes a much needed rinsing, so exactly where that sudden burst of horniness had come from, she had no idea. In fact, as her orgasm had approached, she had been thinking of absolutely nothing at all, just enjoying the sensation of her fingers rubbing against her special spot with ever increasing pressure and urgency. Usually, she fantasied about whichever person she was currently crushing on, (usually boys, but not always) but this time, the simple act of touching herself had been enough.

It was weird, she thought, and decided that she might try it again in the future, just clearing her mind of any of her normal fantasies, and concentrating on the physical act of pleasure itself. If only she knew what had triggered that desire in the first place.

But there was no time for further contemplation now, she had to get her laundry in the washing machine before her parents got up.

After toweling herself at least mostly dry, she again wetted a towel, and gave the floor another good wipe, finally convinced that all the evidence of her humiliating accident had been properly erased. She slipped into her shorts and t-shirt, and padded quickly but quietly to the laundry room, where she was able to get her embarrassing load of laundry started without anyone asking any awkward questions.

Back in her room, she undressed again, and started from scratch, wriggling into her little bikini, before tying her hair back into what she hoped look like a cute but sporty ponytail, then sat on the floor to paint her toenails. After all, an IG pic of her pretty feet in the sand at the beach was one of her many planned social media updates for the day. When her toenails and then fingernails were freshly painted and dry, she again dressed herself in her cute little shorts and strappy shirt.

While she was preparing, she was severely admonishing herself mentally at the same time. After two years of not having a big wetting accident, she was angry that she had now put herself in the position of doing so not once, but twice in less than a day. That wasn’t good enough, and it had to stop. Both times were caused by her failing to listen to her body crying out for relief, and she resolved to herself that she simply wouldn’t let it happen again.

Yes, her panties might sometimes get a bit wet if she got a bit excited, or coughed, laughed, sneezed, or even tried doing something physical with a full bladder, but that was different. A little occasional leak was something a lot of women endured, she knew this, as she had researched it, but full-on wetting yourself was something completely different. Especially if it was completely avoidable by simply going to the toilet when you knew you needed it!

Yep. From now on, she wouldn’t hesitate to visit a bathroom if the urge hit her, and she would just accept the fact that sometimes damp panties would occur as she went about her daily life. After all, her occasional little leaks were usually just that, little. She rarely lost more than a drop or two, or perhaps maybe a tiny little leak. Her natural choice of clothing leant more towards dresses and skirts, or darker coloured jeans and shorts, and she knew from experience that her tiny dribbles rarely showed on her outer clothes anyway.

“It’s a good thing I don’t go for light grey or pink yoga pants,” she thought with a chuckle. “That would be a bit more awkward!”

The sound of her mum moving in the kitchen got her motivated, and she padded down to join her.

“Hi mum. How’s it going?” Penny asked by way of greeting.

“I’m good sweetie. How about you? Did you get any sleep last night?” Jackie replied with a grin, knowing how excited her daughter had been before going to bed.

Penny giggled. “A bit. I’ve been up for awhile though. I put a load of washing on already.”

“Good girl. Don’t forget to take it out though! Don’t leave it in there all day like you did last week. It goes all smelly. Now. Do you want any breakfast?”

“Nah,” Penny replied. “Just juice and coffee. I’ll stop and grab something on the ride back.”

Jackie smiled. “Something nice for the old Instagram account Pen?”

Penny blushed. “Don’t be silly mum. It’s just a nice day to sit in a cafe, that’s all....”

Jackie chuckled at her daughter’s reaction. She knew that posting some shots of a delicious breakfast was the main reason her daughter would stop there. Ah well, if it made her happy....

Penny and Jackie chatted happily over their morning juice and coffee, and although Penny was sorely tempted by her mothers offer of scrambled eggs, she resolved herself to wait until she got to the cafe later. Derek was up and dressed by 8:30, and by then his daughter was almost bouncing with excitement to go, but she knew it was too early yet. Pouring herself a second coffee, she retreated back to her room to do her makeup.

Penny was standing in her bathroom, leaning close to the mirror, trying her hardest to get her eyebrows “on point,” (which is very important for a great selfie,) and the cold tiles under her feet we’re sending signals to her bladder that she needed to pee, at least a little bit. Her eyebrows were nearly done, when she found herself suddenly resting one foot on top of the other, almost crossing her legs.

She remembered the stern talking too that she’d given herself earlier, and immediately abandoned her makeup, and stepped over to the toilet instead. The relief was incredible, and she was surprised to find herself feeling just a teeny bit proud that she’d managed to listen to her body, and “make it to the potty” on time, just like a big girl should. Apparently her recent accidents had bothered her on a far deeper level than she had thought, and she resolved herself once again to no longer ever delay a toilet stop unless it was absolutely necessary. She remained seated longer than usual, until her bowels started loosening, so she stayed there until she had gone “number twos” as well. It felt a bit strange being proud of a successful toilet visit, but hey, at least her pants were clean and dry.

A quick visit back to the kitchen confirmed her suspicions. Her dad wasn’t ready to go yet, so more out of boredom than anything, Penny poured a third coffee. She usually limited herself to only having two a day, but she could justify the caffeine hit by the big ride she would soon undertake.

Finally, by 10 o’clock, her father was ready to leave, after the expected expression of distaste over Penny’s lack of clothing, but he was placated when she explained again that a brand new wardrobe of sports clothing awaited her, and she was simply trying to minimise weight and space.

When she collected her bag from her room, she visited the toilet once more, just in case, and was a bit surprised by the amount of pee that she expelled, as it hadn’t been all that long since her last visit.

“Must be that extra coffee,” she thought. “It IS a diuretic I suppose.”

She paused long enough for a quick selfie.

#SOEXCITED

#GETTINGMYNEWBIKE

#CANTWAIT

By the time her dads car pulled out of the driveway, her IG had already received two likes!

This was going to be a good day.

*024*2019-10-14 05:34

Chapter 4

Penny and Derek chatted amiably on the drive up the freeway, while her phone continued to emit occasional pings and pops. Her Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook accounts were all jingling along merrily, as her friends and followers expressed their support for her either in “likes” or comments.

Although her father kept telling her that he really should just drop her off and go, he was almost as excited as what she was, and he couldn’t resist walking into the shop with her to get a glimpse of her new bike.

“Oh wow Penny. You’re right. That is an incredible looking machine,” he exclaimed in awe, marvelling at how light it was when he picked it up with one hand.

Penny beamed with joy. “I know dad. Right? It’s awesome!”

“Good morning. Can I help you,” a voice enquired from behind them, causing them to turn around, coming face to face with a smiling sales lady, maybe 10 years older than Penny.

Penny nervously stuck out her hand, and introduced herself, “I won this bike in the Cancer Raffle,” she added.

The lady beamed with delight. “Penny! Of course you did! We’ve been expecting you this morning. We’re all so excited for you. Congratulations! You’ve got a heap of things to look at and pick out as part of your package!”

Derek gave his daughter a quick squeeze around the shoulders. “It looks like everything is under control here Pen. I better get to the office. You sure you’re okay riding home?”

She kissed her father lightly on the cheek, and assured him that she’d be fine, and let the sales lady, Veronica, lead her over to meet the store manager as Derek left.

The manager, Steve, was just as nice as Veronica, and they began giving her a tour of the store, pointing out the various accessories and clothing that she could choose from to customise her new bike.

“Once your kitted out, we’d like to get some photos of you and the bike for our Facebook page, and a small story in the local paper,” Steve informed her, and Penny readily agreed.

Penny noticed a Coke machine near the counter, so she purchased a 600ml bottle to sip on, as the tour progressed.

There was so much to choose from! The style of handlebars, the seat, the pedals, trip meter, water bottle, and they hadn’t even gotten to the clothes yet!

It didn’t take too long though, perhaps 20 minutes, as Penny sat on a few different bikes and experimented with a few styles. She was pretty ambivalent about most things, except for deciding straight away that she definitely didn’t want the pedals that clipped her feet in place, worried that she wouldn’t be able to unclip them in time when she had to stop.

“Okay,” Veronica announced with a clap of her hands. “Steve will get one of the boys out back to set it up for you, then we’ll get the seat and handle bars set up correctly. Now comes the fun part, the clothes!”

She calculated how much of her budget was still available, and Penny was delighted to discover it was probably more than she had thought. She would definitely be able to dress herself nicely from head to toe. She disposed of her now empty Coke bottle, (thinking where on Earth did that go?) and headed into the clothing section.

Having already Googled her options, her heart was set on black and pink, and she wasted no time in choosing a matching outfit.

She began with a lycra riding shirt that was predominantly black and grey, with large pink splashes under the arms, matching black lycra knee length shorts, black, but with hot pink inner legs and crotch, hot pink ankle socks, a pink helmet, white riding shoes with pink highlights and laces, and a pink and white drink bottle.

She admired her reflection in the change room mirror, and after alternating between a few different sizes, she was completely dressed and ready to go, and proudly thought to herself that she looked almost like a professional rider, and she loved how the skintight clothing accentuated her boobs and bum. She particularly liked the bright pink flashes running down her inner legs and over her crotch, which seemed to draw attention to her well formed legs, and displayed her pubic mound nicely, without giving her a camel toe. She packed her old clothes and flip flops into her backpack, and headed back to the counter just as her new bike was being wheeled out.

Straddling the bike, the young assistants adjusted the heights of the seat and handlebars, and positioned the brakes and gear levers at there optimum placement for her natural grip.

Veronica was busily ringing up the total, and happily informed Penny that she had spent her voucher very well, and had ten dollars left. Wanting to get absolute maximum benefit from her prize, Penny added another 600ml Coke, and a 600ml bottle of water for her new riding bottle, and her money was then completely spent. She didn’t particularly feel like she needed the second bottle of Coke, but hey, she wasn’t going to waste anything, so she proceeded to start drinking it, as the employees started setting up for the photo shoot. Although she wasn’t overly thirsty, Penny drank deeply, more out of a feeling of almost over anxious excitement rather than thirst. Her photo was going to appear in the local paper, and she would be sure to get someone to take a couple of pictures using her own phone as well, as her IG and Facebook accounts were now well and truly due for the first proper photos of the day.

Veronica produced a very expensive looking camera, and handed it to one of the younger workers, and thus the photo shoot began. Penny assumed a number of happy, smiling poses, standing beside the bike, wearing her new clothes and helmet, alternating between giving handshakes to Steve and Veronica. It took a bit longer than usual, as Penny had given the young man her phone as well, shyly asking him to take the same pictures for her as they went through it all.

In no time at all, she had somehow managed to finish her second bottle of Coke, meaning that she had drank 1.2 litres since walking into the shop less than two hours ago, and she admonished herself for doing so. She usually tried to limit the amount of sugary drinks that she consumed, as she was still prone to the occasional outbreak of acne if she drank too much. Bah. That would be tomorrow’s problem now. Today, her face was blemish free and looking pretty, which was the most important thing considering the selfies that still needed to be taken.

“This is great!” Steve said with a grin. “You should be a model, Penny.” This will be a great advertisement for the shop! Now, if we could have just a couple more of you sitting on your new bike please?”

Happy to oblige, Penny swung her leg high and over the saddle easily, but she suddenly grimaced just before her bottom came to rest on the seat. As she’d performed that manoeuvre, her bladder had announced that it was nearly at capacity, and Penny had felt a slight loosening sensation from between her lycra covered legs, and she hunched forward a bit, pressing her suddenly quivering pee hole firmly into the seat. For a nasty second, she had thought that she had wet her pants, or was about to, but by clamping down hard on her pelvic muscles, she realised that although she had almost leaked, she hadn’t, at least not yet.

The feeling surprised her, as she had had absolutely no realisation up until then that she needed to pee at all, her level of excitement keeping most other thoughts at bay, but now she had felt it, she couldn’t unfeel it, and the fullness coming from her bladder seemed like the most overpowering sensation of all. How she hadn’t noticed it before was a mystery to her, but now, she realised that she desperately needed to visit a toilet as a matter of urgency.

However, she was able to maintain her smile, knowing that these photos were important, and although she was clamping her pelvic muscles with all her might, nobody looking on would’ve been at all the wiser.

Not a moment too soon, the photo shoot was over, and Penny very carefully swung her leg back off the bike, silently gritting her teeth the whole time, then tried to stand nonchalantly without it looking like she was squeezing her thighs together with all her might. She looked nervously around the store, hoping to see a public bathroom, but to no avail. This was bad. She needed to go to the toilet LIKE RIGHT NOW, and had no idea where the nearest public bathrooms might be located.

Salvation came to her in the form of Veronica, who sidled up to the girl and whispered conspiratorially in her ear.

“Thanks for that Penny, I’m sure you’ll help us sell lots of bikes! But, you’ve got a big ride ahead of you, would you like to use the bathroom before you go?”

Penny blushed, as deeply pink as the splashes on her new clothes.

“Oh my God, is it that noticeable?”

Veronica laughed. “Oh dear! You do, don’t you? No darling, I didn’t notice at all, really! I just know what it’s like trying to ride when I need to use the toilet, that’s all! I just thought you might want to make a quick pit stop before you left. There’s an employee rest room out the back if you want to go?”

A furiously blushing Penny nodded her head quickly. “Yes please Veronica, I, Uh, was actually thinking I might need to go before I start riding. Too much Coke I think...”

Veronica led her around the back of the counter, and through a door marked “Employees Only,” and Penny followed her down a short corridor, past a small staff room, to where there were two doors side by side, marked Men’s and Ladies respectfully.

Forgetting all semblance of maintaining here composure, Penny uttered a strained “Thanks,” and hurried into the ladies bathroom, which was empty, and contained two stalls. The sight of a toilet, and the potential relief it promised, made her pee hole twitch violently, and she felt a drop or two leak out, as she ran into the cubicle, yanking her new cycling shorts quickly down, and biting her bottom lip, as she tried to stifle a moan as she wrestled with her bikini panties.

Her bottom hit the seat a full second before her bladder capitulated, and she couldn’t muffle the sigh of relief as her pent up stream flowed strongly into the bowl below. She nervously looked down, into the pants that were puddled around the hot pink ankle socks she wore, and saw a wet spot in her bikini, the size and shape of a small egg. With a furiously beating heart, she looked further, into her new lycra pants, and sighed with relief when she saw that the pink lycra crotch was still dry.

Penny pulled a wad of toilet paper off the roll, and started blotting her bikini pants, trying to calculate exactly how much she had drank so far today, and figure out why she had been suddenly hit with such a strong bout of desperation. As she calculated, it became suddenly clear.

Three large coffees, two glasses of juice, a glass of water, and over a litre of Coke. God! No wonder she had needed to pee so quickly. She still had to ride home yet as well! Plus, one more coffee was obligatory, as the “#Sitting In The Cafe, Enjoying Breakfast With My New Bike,” selfie, showiness the bike behind a carefully positioned shot of her eggs Benedict and latte was an imperative part of her Social Media plans for the day.

“I’ll just have to make sure I make a bathroom stop if I need one,” she chided herself, as she pulled her slightly soggy bikini pants back up, followed by her shorts, then she washed her hands, and went to say her final goodbyes to Steve and Veronica, hoping that her knickers would dry before a wet spot became visible on her pink crotch.

They should. It was a lovely day for a ride.

