Legend of korra tales

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-04-09 02:47

Here are two versions of a story a friend and I wrote. The first is his, the second one is mine.

At the Air Temple Island, home of Tenzin and his children, Tenzin was preparing to leave for Republic City. After the Equalist attack on the city, much work was needed to fix the damage done. Pema also volunteered her time, but had to leave her youngest children, Rohan and Meelo, to be watched by Korra. Jinora and Ikki were to go as well, but thanks to some heavy convincing that she was old enough to watch Ikki, Jinora was allowed to stay on the island by herself, under the condition that she keep a close eye on her younger sister. Once the rest of the family departed on Oogi, their flying bison, the two girls were left to do whatever they could to pass the time.

“We could practice our bending some more. That always seems to make the time go by.” Jinora said, knowing her soon-to-be-bored sister would be pestering for entertainment in a matter of moments.

“But that’s boring. We already do that whenever dad’s here.” Ikki complained. “I wanna do something fun.”

“If you have a better idea, I’d like to hear it.” Jinora said.

Ikki just pouted, knowing very well she couldn’t think of anything to do.

“I’ll tell you what. Why don’t we make a game out of it?” Jinora asked. “I’ll do a certain airbending move, and you try to copy it to your best effort. After that, you do a move and I’ll see if I can emulate. First one to give up loses.”

“That sounds fun.” Ikki said. “Let’s do it!”

“Alright. Meet me out back and I’ll lead the way.”

Jinora and Ikki made their way to a nice, grassy area behind their home. Once facing each other, Jinora started out simple with a quick blast of wind while Ikki flawlessly followed suit. Jinora’s techniques got progressively harder, from balancing a falling leaf to riding a ball of wind, as the session went on. Eventually, Ikki found herself unable to keep up and fell to the ground. Jinora just walked over and extended a hand.

“Wanna try again?” Jinora asked helping her sister up.

“No fair, I was distracted.” Ikki said.

“Distracted by what?” Jinora said.

“I have to go potty super bad.” Ikki whined.

“Can’t it wait?”

Ikki just shook her head genially.

“Fine.” Jinora sighed.

“Okay!.” Ikki exclaimed happily as she ran to a nearby tree, dropped her pants and underwear, squatted down and peed a thick, clear stream onto the tree.

“What are you doing?” Jinora asked, shocked that her sister was doing such a deed out in the open.

“Going tinkle, duh.” Ikki said still peeing.

“Out in the grass?” Jinora asked.

“Why not? We did it all the time, remember?” Ikki said. “How’s this any different?”

“Number one: We gave that up years ago. Number two: There’s a bathroom in the house. Go there.”

“Kinda too late for that, don’t you think?” Ikki asked.

“Why would you even think of peeing out here as your first choice?”

“I just realized, I never knew how many trees are on this island alone.” Ikki said, seemingly ignoring her sister.

“Don’t change the subject.” Jinora said sternly.

“I’m not. I’m saying I’m finding out how many trees are on the island by marking each one as I pass it.”

“You’re seriously thinking about going to the bathroom on every single tree on this island?”

“It sounds like fun.” Ikki said joyfully. “Wanna come?”

Jinora just sighed, knowing very well her sister was having too much fun with her new game and knowing she had to keep an eye on her the whole time.

“Fine. But don’t expect me to join in.”

“Yay!” Ikki said taking off her lower garments, leaving them in the grass and running into the deeper part of the woods, completely naked from the waist down.

“Ikki! Get back and…oh why bother?” Jinora said as she followed Ikki into the woods.

With Jinora close behind her, Ikki just moved from tree to tree, squatting and peeing. Jinora was almost amazed that her sister could pee so much on command, almost as if she stored enough urine just for this occasion. After a while, Ikki walked over to her sister.

“How many trees was that? I lost count.”

“37.” Jinora said impressed.

“Uggh. This is so boring.” Ikki groaned.

“So you’ll go back and call it quits?”

“Nope!” Ikki smiled. “I just have to make going to the bathroom more fun.”

“How are you going to do that?”

Ikki said nothing. She just got on all fours and stood next to the tree. She then lifted her leg so that her foot was touching the tree and peed. Her stream just poured out and splattered right on the trunk. After putting a clear mark on the tree, she put her leg back down and crawled to the next tree where she proceeded to do the same thing for that and the next few trees.

“Look at me. I’m a goat dog.” Ikki said peeing and giggling.

“Cute.” Jinora said. She admitted it did sound a bit like fun to be peeing in such unusual ways, and in a place pee wasn’t meant to go.

“Next!” Ikki said.

She then stood up and faced away from the tree. She then bent down so that her body was at a near ninety degree angle and made a nice pee right on the bark of the tree. On that tree and on the next five or ten, she managed to pee right on the mark in the same position.

“How acrobatic.” Jinora admired.

“That’s nothing.” Ikki said cheerfully. “Watch this.”

Ikki then did a half-somersault and balanced herself on her head. She then lifted herself up with her palms, all while facing another tree. After a few seconds, a nice stream of pee shot straight in the air like a fountain and arched forward after reaching a few feet in the air from the source. Ikki just giggled as her pee sprinkled the grass by the tree and made a nice pitter-patter. Jinora was amazed by what she saw, and now she was more than convinced.

“What unique expressions of a menial act.” Jinora said. “Can I try?”

“Sure, but two things.” Ikki said. “Number one. How many trees have I sprinkled on again? I lost count.”

“102.” Jinora said.

“Seriously?” Ikki asked.

“Yeah, I’m surprised too.” Jinora said.

“Number two. Let’s make a game out of it.” Ikki asked. “I’ll go pee-pee in a certain position and you try to copy me. If you miss a position before I run out of ideas or I no longer have to go, you lose. What do you say?”

Not one to turn down a challenge, she immediately extended her hand to accept. Ikki then shook her sister’s hand and the challenge was on.

“Let’s start simple.” Ikki said facing a tree.

“You’re just gonna squat?” Jinora asked.

“Squatting is boring.” Ikki said. “I’ll just kneel, like this.”

Ikki then got on her knees and peed. She just giggled as the grass tickled her.

“I like being this close to the grass, because then I can feel the grass brush up against my Little Ikki.” Ikki said giving her vagina a pet name. “And it’s a good feeling.”

Jinora said nothing. She just lowered her garments all the way to her ankles and knelt on the ground the same way her sister was and let her warm pee flow out. She just giggled as the force of her peeing caused the grass to brush up against her vagina and tickle her. Once finished, she stood up and grabbed a few blades of grass and began to wipe the pee droplets from her little slit.

“Don’t bother.” Ikki said standing up. “You’re just going to end up peeing again in less than a minute. Why do you think I haven’t been wiping?”

“I guess your right.” Jinora said dropping the grass and began pulling up her garments.

“Don’t bother with that either.” Ikki said. “You’ll just be lowering them again and again. Better to save yourself some time.”

“I’m not running around half-naked while I pee from tree to tree.” Jinora said.

“Don’t be a sissy.” Ikki said. “I’m doing it and it’s just the two of us.”

Jinora just sighed, taking off her garments and placing them on the grass below. Ikki just knelt down as she got a good look at Jinora’s vagina.

“Wow...” Ikki said quietly in awe. “So that's your Little Jinora. It’s so pretty.”

“Will you stop staring?” Jinora said covering herself. “Plus why do you care? You have one too. Besides, you already saw it when we bathed together.”

“Yeah, but that was years ago.” Ikki said.

“Let’s just continue.” Jinora said.

With both girls half naked, Ikki made her way to the next unmarked tree and did something a little different: She just faced a tree, spread and bent her legs, put both hands on her labia, spread the two folds of skin with her index and middle fingers and peed straight forward, right on the trunk of the tree.

“Wheeee!” Ikki exclaimed rocking her hips from side to side. “Look at me. I’m going pee-pee like Meelo!”

Jinora just stared in awe.

“Ikki, how are you doing that?” She asked.

“You know what? I have no idea.” Ikki said. “But now you have to try.”

“Can I get a practice round?” Jinora asked.

“Good idea.” Ikki asked. “You can practice using Little Ikki.”

“What? No!” Jinora exclaimed. “I can’t touch you down there. It’s indecent.”

“It’s okay, I don’t mind.” Ikki said. “Plus you won’t get wet should you miss.”

“I guess you’re right.” Jinora said.

She then stood right behind her sister, placed her fingers on Ikki’s labia and spread them apart. Ikki immediately peed and Jinora tried to control the stream. Jinora tried to aim, but was constantly thrown off by Ikki’s shaking as she laughed due to the ticklish feeling of other hands moving her most sensitive place. Ikki eventually stopped peeing as it became too much.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Ikki said calming down. “I guess this was a bad idea.”

“Well, I think I got the basic position down.” Jinora said. “I’ll give it a try now.”

Jinora then faced a tree and spread her labia in the same way she did with Ikki. She then took a deep exhale and peed. Jinora watched as the pee poured out and splattered the tree below.

“You’re doing it, Jinora!” Ikki said excitedly. “You’re doing it!”

“I don’t believe this.” Jinora said happily. She secretly envied Meelo and how he could pee standing up. Had he known that Ikki could do it to, she would’ve asked her long ago. Now she couldn’t wait to see the look of her brother’s face when he saw that both of his sisters could pee just like him. Maybe she could help potty-train Rohan once he was old enough.

Once finished, she went to the next tree to see what Ikki was going to do next. Ikki just jumped up and latched herself to the tree. With her body pressed against the trunk, Ikki’s pee sprayed out like water coming out of a hose with the thumb pressed against the opening and sprinkled several drops all across the tree. Ikki then finished and motioned to Jinora.

“Your turn.” Ikki smiled.

Jinora just ran up and latch herself to an adjacent tree. Like with Ikki, the pee stream sprayed out and scattered into several droplets in various directions on the tree. She then finished and prepared herself for Ikki’s next challenge.

“Let’s go a bit easier this time.” Ikki said.

This time, she just placed her hands on the sides of her hips and thrust her pelvis forward. With nothing holding her back, Ikki just let the pee flow, slightly arching forward and hitting the tree.

“That’s it?” Jinora asked in disbelief.

Jinora just copied her sister’s position, hands on hips and pelvic thrust. However, unlike Ikki, Jinora’s pee just fell straight down, right on the grass below.

“How did that happen?” Jinora asked.

“Dunno.” Ikki said. “I guess some peoples’ pee-places work differently than others’. Let’s try another method.”

Ikki then climbed up another tree and made her way to a large forked bough, while Jinora did the same for another tree. Placing each foot on each ‘path’, Ikki and Jinora simultaneously let loose more pee, which fell and stained the tree below. Once finished, both jumped down and proceeded with the next level.

“Okay, we’ve tested your skill.” Ikki said. “Now let’s test your speed.”

“Speed.”

“Using what you learned for stand-peeing, both of us are gonna pee a ring around a given tree. The first to finish their ring wins.”

“You’re on.” Jinora said getting into position in front of a tree and spreading her labia.

“Ready?” Ikki said in the same position at her own tree. “Go.”

Ikki then quickly shuffled her feet around the tree as she peed a nice thick stream. Jinora was having trouble catching up; she couldn’t move as quickly as Ikki and some of it even got on her legs. After a full minute, Jinora finally completed her ring, only to be met by Ikki.

“What took you?” Ikki asked. “ I finished seconds ago.”

“Sorry that some of us aren’t as nimble as you.” Jinora said.

“Next challenge!” Ikki shouted.

For the next tree, Ikki just stood normally. Before peeing, she just cupped her hands together and placed them right between her legs. Ikki then relaxed and peed right into her hands. Each time she filled up, she uncupped her hands, causing the pee to make a huge splash on the tree. It took a few fill-ups, but she was able to get all her pee into her hands and then onto the tree.

“Now you.” Ikki said.

Not wanting to be outdone, Jinora just spread and bent her legs, used two fingers of one hand to spread her labia and used the other hand to create a hollow hemisphere out of air, leaned back and peed. Ikki watched in amazement as Jinora’s pee arched several feet in the air and landed perfectly in her makeshift bowl. Aiming with one hand and collecting with another, Jinora made sure that she had as much pee as possible. Once the bowl was full, Jinora ceased peeing and emptied the bowl onto the tree and grass. Jinora just smiled as Ikki said nothing.

“Okay, I give.” Ikki said. “So how many trees did we pee on?”

“You know what? I lost count.” Jinora said. “I was having so much fun.”

Both girls just burst out laughing, realizing the forgotten purpose of their expedition. Just then, something caught Ikki’s ear.

“Hey listen.” Ikki said. She then walked towards the source of the noise with Jinora behind her. Once reaching it, they paused and looked at their discovery: A rapidly flowing river with plenty of fresh water.

“It’s a stream.” Jinora said.

“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Ikki asked.

“Freestyle?” Jinora asked.

“Freestyle.”

Immediately, the two went to the stream to drink as much as they could. Having so much fun, they decided to refill their bladders and have their own pee fun: They peed doing handstands, they peed into the stream, they peed both traditionally and in unorthodox ways. They peed shapes and characters and all sorts of symbols. And finally, they filled up until the desperation was unbearable for one big finale.

“You ready.” Ikki said wincing in pain, keeping her pee from pouring out.

“Let’s just go already.” Jinora said hopping in desperation.

The two then faced each other, bent and spread their legs, spread their labia with both hands and peed.

“Swordfight!” The two shouted.

Ikki and Jinora rocked their hips from side to side as their pee streams clashed together like swords in a duel. The girls were having so much fun, watching their pee streams hit the ground below while trying to get the other wet. Once they were certain that each got the other wet, they stopped moving their hips and aimed their streams so that they were touching and hit the ground below making one large puddle. This went on for nearly a minute until the streams died down. After pushing out the last spurts, they both knelt down and got a close look at the product of their effort.

“Wow…” Ikki said admiring the deep, foamy pool of urine. “We peed that much in one go.”

“We sure did.” Jinora said. “Hey, can we wipe now? I feel so icky down there.”

“Oh, go ahead.” Ikki said as she grabbed a leaf and wiped her vagina dry. “Can I wipe you?”

“Absolutely not.” Jinora snapped.

“Can’t blame me for trying.” Ikki said to herself and Jinora wiped her vagina clean of all the wetness of her several pee sessions.

Once finished, the two began to make their way back home.

“It’s a shame we never did find out how many trees there were.” Ikki said.

“10,552.” Jinora said candidly.

“What?” Ikki asked. “How do you know?”

“Easy.” Jinora said. “I just took the area of one tree and compared it to the area of all the uninhabited space on the island. The answer should come to close to my guess.”

Ikki thought about this.

“Okay.” Ikki said. “But if you’re right, it was my guess.”

After reaching the clearing, they walked out and reached the grassy patch where it all began, only to find Tenzin waiting for them and staring at them.

“Dad, you’re home.” Jinora said. “How was Republic City? Did you get us anything?”

“Umm…” Tenzin said as he pointed down to them.

“What?” Ikki asked as the two girls looked down. They then stared in shock as they realized what happened: They forgot to put their lower garments back on. They had so much fun; it totally slipped their minds. And now they were in the presence of their father, completely naked from the waist down and with their vaginas, Little Ikki and Little Jinora, completely exposed for the world to see.

“I’m sorry, dad.” Jinora stuttered. “We just…”

“I don’t want to know.” Tenzin interrupted. “Just get dressed and meet us for dinner.”

“Alright.” Ikki said as she and Jinora went to their rooms to get fresh clothes.

“You know he’s going to ask eventually, right?” Jinora asked.

“Yeah, but by the time he does, we’ll have an excuse ready.” Ikki said smiling.

“If you say so.”

The girls then headed up, put on new underwear and pants and headed to meet with the rest of the family. Despite the awkwardness at the end, both sisters could agree that they had the most fun they ever had. Jinora herself couldn’t wait until she was left alone again with Ikki. Maybe next time, she’ll be the one to ask to play.

My version

Jinora and Ikki were sent to spend the day together as an idea by Tenzin and Pema for them to bond and get along better. The sisters were in a clearing some distance from home. Both were doing what they normally did. Ikki was airbending and acting excited over everything and Jinora sat reading.

After awhile, Ikki walked up to Jinora. "I'm going to the bathroom," said Ikki. "Don't mind me," said Jinora, not looking up. "But the bathroom is so far away and would be a long walk there and back again," said Ikki. "Even with your fast airbending?" asked Jinora. "Besides, going inside is boring. I want to make it fun," said Ikki. "I'm going to go on a tree."

"Do as you like," said Jinora. "Which tree?" asked Ikki. "There are so many to choose from."

"Just pick one. It doesn't matter which," said Jinora. "How many tree are there?" asked Ikki. Suddenly, she said, "I know a fun way to go to the bathroom and count the trees! But it's too much for me. Won't you join me? I could use your intellegence."

Ikki continued to act cute and excited that even Jinora couldn't refuse. They walked to a row of trees. "We can make it a project," suggested Jinora. "A couple times a day, we can try it. I'll count the trees in one area and we can have our fun." Jinora secretly thought peeing on trees might be fun. Like Ikki, she wondered what it might be like to pee away from a bathroom.

After counting 20 trees in the area, both squatted on one and relaxed. The sensation of peeing outside was relaxing and enjoyable, they thought. The soft sound of urine hitting the ground, the puddles forming around them, and the idea of peeing in different places. Even Jirona had to admit it was a nice feeling.

For their next time, Ikki made another suggestion. "Let's try different postions every time. You can keep track of every one we use."

"Fine," said Jinora. "What do you want to try first?"

"Standing," said Ikki. Standing in front of a tree, she pulled her bottoms down, adjusted her lower body with her fingers, and let out a stream of urine that hit the grass at her feet. "I want to try," said Jinora, impressed. She stood by Ikki and copyed her. Jinora was able to get her pee to arch higher than Ikki's. "Not bad for your first time," said Ikki. "Your's is pretty good too," said Jinora. Both tried to change their direction and crossed streams. They started to lose control after a minute. "That tickles!" said Ikki, as Jinora's stream hit Ikki's feet. Ikki returned the favor. "It does," agreed Jinora, amid their giggling.

"Since you're good at standing," said Ikki, "let's see if you can copy the new moves I thought of. Ikki pressed her body against a tree. "Simple," said Jinora, who did the same with ease. "Let's try balance." She peed with one leg up. "That's easy," said Ikki, trying it. "Impressive," said Jinora. This time Jinora bent sideways facing the tree and peed on it with one leg in the air. Ikki tried it. It wasn't as good as Jinora, but still an achievement.

"You might be better at that," said Ikki, "but how fast are you? While going, make a circle around the tree." Both moved sideways around a tree, trying to keep their streams in front and making a circle. "I finished first!" said Ikki. "With a little practice, I'll win next time," said Jinora. "Watch this." Jinora airbended herself onto a branch. Hanging upside down, she relased a stream that arched over her and fell to the ground.

With a burst of speed, Ikki caught it in her hands. "Nice catch," said Jinora, as Ikki splashed it on the tree. They switched places and Jinora proved to be as fast as Ikki this time. "Now let's race up the row and get each tree," said Ikki. "The first one to reach the end wins." Knowing their clothes would get in the way, they threw them off completely. On a ball of air, each girl raced up the row, getting a little pee on each tree before they both reached the end at the same time.

"It seems you are my equal in that," said Jinora. They bathed in a nearby stream before having fun without thought of competition. They tried headstands and making shapes and words in the ground. They connected their streams and with a finger, caused the streams to shoot sideways onto a tree. They finished the day peeing upside down off a branch together.

"How many trees are there?" asked Ikki. "My final count is 10,552," said Jinora. Even through the project was done, Jinora wanted to keep peeing outside as much as possible. Once, when she thought she was alone, she found a spot and peed standing. "Guess I'm not the only one who had fun," said Ikki, coming up. Once more, they crossed their streams. Then Ikki got behind Jinora and replaced Jinora's fingers in postion with her own. Jinora tried the same with Ikki. "We can try this while trying the postions again," said Jinora. "The fun continues," said Ikki, as the sisters planned another fun day.

