Confessions: The Time I Wet My Diaper On Live TV

Author: Barry

*000*2019-07-09 14:59

Hi again everyone. Thought I’d try something a little different.

There is an interesting thread on here about whether or not omo stories need a plot, good characters, or just omo.

There’s some very good and diverse answers. Very interesting. Most of my stories have fairly big character development, and I love a good plot.

It inspired me to see if I could write one with the attention more on the omo, less on the characters, and SHORT!

This was the result.

In brief, desperation, wetting, diapers, female, male juvenile, (and a little bit of plot) based on an anonymous internet confessions page.

Internetconfessions.tellthetruth.org!

Today’s question:Toilet trouble! Share your embarrassing potty problems or stories anonymously!

Page 54

More posts

Hi Everyone!

My name is Candy, (not really, but it’ll do for a name for this story!)

I’m 18 now, but I want to tell you about the time I was 16, AND PEED IN A DIAPER LIVE ON TELEVISION!

That’s right! I really did, and it was almost traumatising at the time, but I love the memory now.

Here’s what happened:

OMG. I can’t believe I’m actually typing this, but I’ve always kind of had a bit of a pee fetish. Ever since I was a little girl, I’ve liked the feeling of wearing wet panties. I loved peeing in my swimsuit, and I still do. Sometimes, I wet myself for fun, and rub one out through my wet knickers.

You’re probably wondering why I’m telling you this, as it’s not a pee accident story, but it’s important, as it helped lead me into that desperate situation in the first place.

Anyway, Sweet Sixteen year old, occasionally-wets-herself-for-fun, me, gets asked to babysit my younger cousin, who I’ll call Bradley, who was 11. My aunt needed to go away overnight, and she wanted me to stay with Braddles at her fancy apartment. They have a small dog that needs walking and feeding, and besides, Braddles still wet the bed sometimes, and he felt much more comfortable sleeping in his own bed. He’s a good kid, and although he’s a booger headed little boy, he’s a lot of fun to look after. We always played games and shit.

But I had another scheming plan in mind!

It involved Bradley’s bed wetting. You see, I knew the kid wore pull ups to bed, and I was starting to really indulge my blossoming interest in all things involving wet pants and panties, and I’d recently begun fantasising about what it would feel like to wear a diaper again.....

I’d been exploring online, and it opened up a whole new world to me! I wasn’t the only one like this! Other people liked it too, and they often wore diapers....

Now sixteen year old me had no access to diapers at all, unless I actually went and bought some, and there was no-fucking-way that THAT was ever gonna happen! So I’d already come to terms with the idea that I’d probably never get to ever try diapers, when my aunt asked me to look after Bradley! BINGO! Straight away I knew, this would be my one chance to try a diaper!

My aunts apartment is super nice. It’s only a small block of four apartments on two floors, but they’re like really expensive, and very posh. Very secure too. That’s why my mom and my aunt didn’t mind me staying there with the kid.

So. I get there, it’s late summer, and still very warm, although an afternoon thunderstorm was brewing. We walked the dog, and just made it back as the rain started. His mom left, and we played some video games.

He’s a good kid.

During a bathroom visit, I look in the under-sink cupboard. Success! Two opened packets of pull-ups in there! I remembered that Bradley didn’t like to keep them in his room, in case anyone should see them. So they were stored under the bathroom sink where he could put them on in private before going to bed. There was enough under the sink to suggest that one missing wouldn’t be noticeable.

Making sure the door was locked, I pulled out a pack and examined them. They were large kid sized, in a really groovy camouflage pattern, designed with boys in mind.

Boys be damned! They were the cutest thing I’d ever seen, and they would fit! Braddles was a bit on the heavy side, and if they fitted him, they’d fit me as well.

That evening, we ate dinner, played, watched tv and stuff, until I finally got him bed at 10 o’clock. I couldn’t wait! I was almost begging to put that cute little nappy on! I gave him 20 minutes to get to sleep, checked on him, then went straight for a diaper!

Back in my room, my hands were shaking with excitement, as I poked and squeezed at this cute little pull-up I held. I had absolutely no memory whatsoever of ever wearing a diaper, and I couldn’t wait!

I wore my Disney themed cotton nightie. It’s only a cheap thing from K-Mart, but I love it! I actually still use it today. It’s pink, and it’s like a little girls pattern, with a big picture of Minnie Mouse on the front. It’s short, but would be long enough to cover my diaper.

Just.

I teamed this up my white ankle socks, and I thought I looked simply adorable! Just like a little girl who needs her nighttime panties.

The next problem of course, was using the diaper. As much as I was looking forward to wetting it, it was a one-off gift from the Gods, something to be treasured. I really wanted to use it, but I also wanted to just wear it as long as possible.

So I’d come up with a brilliant idea.

I’d wear panties under it. I could wet my panties on the toilet, then put the little diaper over them! It should let me feel nice and wet, I won’t get the bed wet, and I can wear it all night! Then, tomorrow morning, I’d wet it before I shower. Perfect!

I was already wearing the underwear I wanted to wet. A pair of really cute “Hello Kitty” knickers, which were pink, with pictures. My room has its own bathroom, (told you these were posh apartments!) and having removed my sweat pants, I sat on the toilet, and completely soaked my pretty kitty knickers. I’d been holding on for a couple of hours, and actually needed to go. I must’ve peed through those panties for a good 20 seconds I reckon. The pee spread everywhere through them, making waterfalls from the back, front, crotch, and even the side, all simultaneously. I rubbed myself for a few seconds, squeezing the hot liquid out of my panties be grinding them between my fingers and my clit. I forced myself to stop before I came. I had plans for that after, maybe even wait till I used the diaper the next day? Lol. Like THAT was likely to happen! I was so horny, I’d probably give over to the Goddess of self pleasure as soon as I got into bed!

Here was the moment of truth. I gingerly stepped into the little camouflage pull-up, and reverently slid it up my legs, then between them, where they slowly and erotically caressed my piss soaked knickers, mushing them firmly against my sex.

OMG. They fit so well. I cupped my padded crotch, feeling a heat emanating from there, before I grabbed a towel, and padded my little stocking feet back into the bedroom. I lay the towel down on the bed, just in case my panties should leak, and got in.

I hardly moved at first, then I started grinding my ass firmly into the mattress. My pissy underpants spread across my backside, under the padding, and I stroked my pussy through the warm crotch.

I took my time, and eventually experienced the most intense orgasm of my entire life, even up till now, as wave upon wave of delicious pleasure washed over me. I may have even peed just a tiny bit as I came, but of course there was no way of telling by then.

Sweaty, panting, and drained, I took a few big gulps of water from the glass beside my bed, then flopped back down again. Suddenly, I felt like I could sleep for a week.

Force of habit had me pulling back the bedclothes to get up, so I could use the toilet before bed, but I’d only just had a huge pee less than twenty minutes ago.

Although I felt like I could probably go again if I tried......

Screw it. I’d just peed, and I was too tired and relaxed to move. I’d no doubt wake up during the night to go, and I’d deal with that when it happens. There was no danger of me not waking up and wetting the bed. Like wearing diapers as a kid, I don’t recall wetting the bed at all.

It’s kinda strange how I’ve ended up enjoying it now, isn’t it?

I took another big sip of water, turned the light off, and snuggled into the bed, enjoying the feeling of warm padding around my butt and girlhood. My bladder hardly nagged me. After a moment, I was able to tune it out, and I fell asleep quickly and easily.

I woke up around 3am, needing to pee. I panicked a bit at first, because I felt wetness between my legs, and it took a second or two before I remembered that I was wearing a pull-up and still wet knickers. For the briefest moment, I actually contemplated letting go in the bed. After all, I was padded, and sleeping on a folded towel. But, I knew from my previous experiences with Bradley, that they still sometimes leaked, and that was with his little kid sized accidents, so the amount I was holding would definitely end up in the bed, as once I let go, I probably wouldn’t be able to stop until I had emptied myself. Now there was no way I wanted to risk wetting my aunts bed, so I knew I had to get up and use the toilet.

I threw the bedclothes back, and swung my little socked feet onto the floor, while I fumbled with the bedside light, eventually switching it on, with my eyes squinted shut, ready for the sudden burst of illumination.

What happened next, almost scared the shit out of me. Literally.

As soon as the light came on, a very loud, strident alarm sounded.

At 3am, having just woken up, I was completely disoriented, and at first I thought that I’d inadvertently switched it on myself somehow. It took a few seconds of wild eyed fumbling before I realised that it was nothing that I’d done, but was in fact the buildings fire alarm, I could smell smoke, there was a loud banging coming from the direction of the front door, and the dog was barking!

I ran to the front door, switching on lights on the way. I didn’t even consider the stranger-danger aspect of opening the door without checking first, as I knew something was drastically wrong. Sure enough, a man wearing a bathrobe over his pyjamas stood there, looking relieved at having woken me.

He identified himself as my aunts neighbor, and I did the same, explaining exactly why I was there. We could both smell the acrid odour of smoke wafting through the hall, and knew we needed to evacuate, ASAP. I left him to go back and fetch his wife, while I ran back inside to Bradley’s room.

Honestly, that kid can sleep through anything, but wakes up fully straight away. I’m so jealous, lol.

It only took a moment to explain to him what was happening, and God bless him, he didn’t try and argue or anything, at least until he got up. He stood at the door, with a look of uncertainty on his face.

“Candy, I gotta pee first,” he informed me, clamping his little hand onto the crotch of his Batman themed footie pyjamas.

“No time little dude, we gotta go,” I said firmly, steering him towards the door. “But you’re wearing your sleep pants anyway, so don’t worry if they get wet,” I assured him.

SHIT!

It suddenly dawned on me. I was wearing his sleep pants too!

I started to turn back to the bedroom, anxious to take them off. I hadn’t bought my own dressing gown with me, and I suddenly felt very vulnerable and afraid. But, the dog was yapping, Bradley was whimpering and doing a potty dance, and then the neighbors arrived back at the open door to check on us.

I simply didn’t have time.

I picked up the dog, grabbed Braddles by the shoulder, and followed the neighbors to the fire escape stairwell. We only had to go down two flights of stairs, and within two minutes, we were standing outside the lobby, the sounds of fire engines approaching battled for dominance with the alarm.

It had been raining, and quite hard, although it had stopped some time ago. The rain had cooled things down, and although it wasn’t cold, it was definitely cooler than it had been for awhile during our hot summer months. There’s an evacuation zone meeting point in the car park, where people from the downstairs units were congregated, and we started to make our way towards them, and I gratefully put the dog down to roam around. It was becoming an effort to hold him without leaking, although he’s only a small dog.

Now the air was cool, and the puddle that I stepped in was even cooler, soaking my once pristine white socks into a dirty, semi-transparent mess.

Immediately I realised something.

I really did need to pee, badly.

The “survivors” huddled together under the pale yellow glow of the sodium arc lamp that stood near the evacuation area sign, casting worried glances at the building, then turning towards the lights and sirens of four fire trucks rounding the nearest corner, the reflection of red and blue lights magnified and refracted a hundred times over in the water that lay across the black pavement. Most of them were talking to each other, but Braddles and I were for the moment excluded from their conversations.

After all, not only were we strangers, well I was at least, but they were grownups, and we were children, so our input wasn’t sought. That suited me fine. All I could think about, was how badly I needed to pee. The weird part was, we were all standing in a huge, shallow puddle, maybe an inch or two deep, but none of us attempted to move. I guess we were like sheep. There was a sign that said to stay there. Plus a light. Even lines on the ground! So we did. Even though most of us were either barefoot, or in sandals, slippers, or flip flops.

Can you imagine what it’s like, waking up to go to the bathroom, then having the living daylights frightened out of you, before traipsing outside in the middle of the damn night, only to stand in the cold air with your feet soaking in a puddle? Trust me. It doesn’t help.

I shifted my weight from my left leg to my right, which of course caused a splash in the puddle I was in, spraying my ankles with more cold water. My socks were completely saturated, all the way to the top, and my cold toes kept curling at the sensation.

It didn’t help that my panties were still wet inside my diaper, and were now cooling off quickly, enveloping my vagina in a clammy coldness.

The irony wasn’t lost on me. Here I was, finally wearing a diaper at last, but I couldn’t relax and enjoy it at all. My nightie only covered me to mid thigh, and I was constantly pulling down at the hem, both in pee desperation and modesty.

You may be asking why I didn’t just wet in my little nappy, but I was too afraid to. I’ve seen enough videos on the ‘net to know that these little kids pull ups don’t hold much, and leak easily, even when used carefully, and I felt like I was holding enough pee inside me to fill The Great Lakes. My poor bladder was aching and distended, even to the point of pain, but I knew if I gave up and let go, I’d have pee literally flooding down my legs, splashing noisily into the puddle I was sharing with at least ten other people, and the overhead light would reveal my shame to them all.

I was brought back to reality by Bradley tugging on my arm. I looked down, and he gazed back, with a look of terror on his face, and he motioned for me to lean in so he could whisper. It was pretty obvious what he was about to say, as he had one hand locked in a death grip of his crotch, and his little feet, covered by his footies, were marching up and down in the puddle. I bent down as much as I dared, keeping hold of my nightie so it wouldn’t rise up, and show my diaper.

“Caaaaannnnndyyyyy. I need to pee,” he whispered, as if I couldn’t figure that out already.

“Sorry dude. Nothing I can do,” I told him, as his bottom lip started quivering.

“I can’t hold it,” he informed me.

I looked at him. He looked very cute in his Batman pj’s. The pants were black, with little yellow bat signs all over them, and his top had a grey middle section, with a bat logo on his chest, and the arms were black, matching his pants.

He whimpered to himself, not letting go of his little pecker, and continuing to splash around in the puddle. It would be so blatantly obvious to anyone who looked at him that here was a little boy doing a major potty dance. His pants were down a little bit, and his shirt up, and his night nappy was visible around his chubby hips. I had to do something to help him.

I reached down, and snugged his pants up over his pull up, and pulled his shirt down. That hid his sleep pants at least, but didn’t fix his situation. I ran an appraising eye over his attire once more.

“Bradley,” I whispered, “you’re going to have to do it in your pants,” I said. “It’s ok. You’ve got your special underwear on.”

“NO!” He hissed, a little too loudly. “I don’t pee in my pants when I’m awake! Ever! Besides, what if I leak?”

“Braddles. Dude. It’s ok. It’s not like you’re having an accident or anything. You’re allowed too. I give you permission.”

He looked at me sideways, but shook his head, now with both hands between his legs.

“Brad. Listen to me. Your pants are black, and already pretty wet. It’s dark. Nobody will see. And if you do it on purpose, you might be able to do it slowly so your pull up doesn’t leak. If you wait too long, you’ll have a huge accident and probably make a mess. Besides, look at you! Soon everyone’s gonna know you need to potty. Trust me. If I were you, I’d go in my pull up.”

“Would you? Really?” He asked, mouth agape with wonder.

I felt like an A-Grade hypocrite then. Here I was, wearing the exact same pull up as him, and encouraging him to use it, saying I’d do it too, but I was trying not to as well. Still, I could hardly tell him I was indeed wearing one though, could I?

“Yes little buddy. If I had a pull up, I’d most definitely use it.”

While all this had been happening, the fire crews had parked, and were beginning an inspection of the building, and talking to the other residents, which of course meant that everyone was trying to speak at once, and over everybody else.

I nudged the boy. “Now Bradley. While no one is watching!”

I’m not sure if he listened to me, or started to lose control, but his legs spread, and he bowed his head to stare at his lap, while still holding his pecker with one hand. Even with the alarm still blaring, I’m sure that I heard a faint hissing sound.

Bradley’s toes curled up inside his footies, and I saw a couple of drops falling from between his legs into the puddle, and a shiny strip briefly appeared on the inside of each legs, but was quickly absorbed. Even his hand looked wet in the meagre light. There was no doubt, the little guy had just completely flooded his pants. I think he must’ve peed for nearly thirty seconds, before he shuddered, and let out a deep sigh of relief.

He looked up at me sheepishly, a glow of embarrassment on his chubby cheeks, and I could tell by looking at his butt, that his diaper was full. The bulge in his pants was obvious, to me at least, but of course I wouldn’t tell him.

“Feel better buddy?” I asked him, trying to give an encouraging smile.

“Uh-huh,” he replied, squeezing himself again, then looking worriedly at his wet hand.

“Don’t worry about it,” I assured him. “It’s our little secret, and nobody else will ever know.”

At least I got a watery smile out of him. I’d almost expected a mini meltdown.

My own predicament was getting worse. The sight of him wetting himself was nearly too much for me. I couldn’t keep my feet still, and it felt like my pee hole was having contractions. It was pulsing with its need for release, and my swollen bladder ached, along with my tummy and my back. I was starting to feel actual pain.

I was just about to attempt to sneak away to the side, out of the light, and try to let at least a bit out, just to ease the strain, but suddenly there was a fireman in front of me.

He asked a few questions. What apartment we were from? Was there anyone else in there? Had there been any sort of fire or smoke from our apartment? Was I sure?

I will admit, my answers were short, mostly monosyllabic, and my tone of voice wasn’t exactly inspiring, but I was so distracted!

Just then, the dog returned, and put his paws on my legs to be picked up. More to distract myself from further conversation with the fireman than anything, I bent down to pick the dog up, and a big squirt of pee shot into my panties, and my diaper by default. I quickly stood up straight again, feeling my cold, clammy crotch instantly get warm and cozy again, although I had to cross my legs and try to look nonchalant at the same time.

The squirt didn’t help, it only made things worse. Now it felt like entire contents of my bladder were straining at my pee hole, and the warm wetness pressing against it only exaggerated the feeling. I barely heard the last couple of questions the fireman asked me, before he finally moved on to someone else.

It was official. My pants were wet. I’d had an accident. Only a minor one, but there was more to come shortly, I was sure of it. Bradley was still absentmindedly touching his wet pants, and I yearned to touch my own. Oh God. It even felt like I needed to fart.

“Stop touching your pants,” I instructed the boy, and he dropped his hand away, and stared off into the dark, glowing with embarrassment, poor kid.

Oops! Another leak. Smaller this time, but harder to cut off. It sort of trickled out, and I had to clamp down with all my might to stop it. My legs were pressed tightly together, and I felt a tiny trickle on the top of my left thigh.

Ugh. So totally not good. I was losing the battle. The urge was intensifying as my ability to hold declined. I felt a delicious warmth between my legs, as my little nappy swelled up between them, but again I managed to stop. Even the dog stopped wriggling around in my arms, as though it could sense something was wrong.

There was nothing else for it. I simply had to pee, and immediately. I was going to step into the shadows, and just let go. I just couldn’t physically hold on any longer. I turned to Bradley.

“Can you hold the pupper for a minute please Brad?”

A voice from behind startled me.

“Miss? Wait a moment please? John! Tony! Over here now please. Got a hot one! Pretty young girl with a puppy!”

I recognised her straight away. She was a reporter for our local news station! I won’t name her, or the station, but suffice to say our little city was big enough to have its own television station.

“Can we just ask you a couple of questions please young lady?”

Before I could respond, a guy with a camera on his shoulder, and another guy with a boom microphone appeared. The dazzling light on the camera was switched on, trained right at my face, and the reporter was asking me what I knew, which was absolutely nothing.

My nerves suddenly kicked in, and my bladder ached and quivered. She was going with the “Human Interest/Traumatic Experience” angle, and trying to sound concerned and invested in me as a person. All I wanted to do was scream “Goddammit! Just let me pee my pants in peace!”

But that would’ve been wrong.

The questions continued, my nerves got worse, and the frightened dog kept wiggling around. Because I was being filmed, I couldn’t exactly cross my legs and potty dance like Bradley had done before with the unselfconsciousness of a little kid, so I had to stand still and bear it.

Until I couldn’t.

During some inane question about the building, my bladder literally spasmed. Literally. It shook. Whatever muscles that had been holding it back, had suddenly had enough.

I was looking the reporter in the eye, when I felt it coming. A huge, heavy warmth flooded my little nappy, and burst past the leg guards. My inner legs were drenched in hot urine, as it ran from below my nightie, down my legs, to soak my dirty socks with a fresh warming wetness. I think because I kept my legs together, it didn’t waterfall down with a huge splash, just caressed my legs with multiple streams of varying size. I felt the warmth being wicked upwards, around and over my bum, before the trickle started on the back of my calves.

Somehow, I didn’t freeze. I finished telling her how we’d been evacuated nearly an hour ago, but hadn’t seen a fire yet. I glanced up at the camera, and it was aimed directly at my face, so my lower body shouldn’t be visible, and the Ace Reporter hadn’t glanced down either.

But when I saw the sound guy, my heart froze. He was looking from my face, to my legs and feet, and back again. He’d seen it all. His mouth was open, and he looked dazed, like he couldn’t believe what he just saw.

The interview was over in less than a minute, and the trio moved off, fresh on the hunt for more gripping interviews. But the glances back that I got from the sound guy were as almost humorous as they were continuous.

It was replayed on the morning and evening news, both times complete with my interview, but I was only visible from the boobs up, and they didn’t show me picking up the puppy.

I taped it, and i can watch it over and over, and I cannot believe I’m actually watching myself pissing uncontrollably into a diaper on live tv! It makes me horny.

Anyway, to wrap it up, there was no fire. A short in an electrical circuit melted something, and the smoke went through the air conditioning.

Bradley and I went back inside, both with saturated socks and equally wet diapers on, although only one of us knew about the latter of course! Once inside, safely on the tiled entry, Bradley took his footy pants off, and I removed my socks, and giggled at the sight of his diapered butt, hugely swollen and swinging low from his hips as he ran to the bathroom, anxious to change away from anyone else. I knew my own diaper was hanging just as low, and would flop around between my legs, if I tried to run like Bradley.

But, unlike him, I wasn’t in a hurry to take my wet nappy off at all. In fact, now I’d calmed down, I was ready to pee again, and I wanted to do it in my pants. While he cleaned himself up with wet wipes in his room, I did a deliberately dramatic potty dance in the lounge room, squeezing my pull up with a hand under my nightie, tingling with pleasure as I mushed it against my girlhood.

I calmed myself by finding my phone, and texting my aunt, and my mom, telling them about the “fire,” and letting them know we were fine. It was after five before Brad got to sleep, in a fresh pull up and Iron Man pj’s, and I could finally go to the bathroom.

I stood in the bath, counted to ten, and let go, releasing a fresh torrent of hot liquid into my Hello Kitty underpants, then into the ruined padding on my absurdly cute camouflage pull up. By this stage, it was completely non-effective for absorption, and the contents of my voided bladder cascaded almost unrestrained down my shaking legs and cold feet.

I absolutely destroyed that diaper by rubbing it, before I almost collapsed in the shower at 5:30.

So. That’s my contribution to “embarrassing pee stories,” and also a good explanation of how I became a diaper lover!

Candy XOXO

