A School Girl Accadent

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2014-02-09 05:20

Lindsey woke up that morning knowing it would be a bad day, just not knowing to what extent bad would become. Her mom woke her late, an hour after her alarm was supposed to go off. She was late for the bus already and didn’t have time to even think. She threw on her uniform and a sweatshirt, grabbed her pack and ran to the bus. She got there just as it was pulling away so she ran like the wind to catch the driver’s attention. Finally the bus stopped for her and let her take a seat. No good seats were open, leaving her next to Randall, this creepy kid who’s been crushing on her since fifth grade. She thought after five years he would have gotten the message, but nope, he still stares at her like a puppy. She rolled her eyes and sat down.

Usually after twenty minutes Lindsey would be walking in the doors of Watercress High, but not today. Today there was a power line down on 5th Avenue so they were stuck behind a line of cars facing a 20 minute wait for the crew to fix it. A pain stabbed at her abdomen. Shit. She never had the chance to pee this morning. This was going to be a long day.

After the crew finally finished the fix the bus got going to school and arrived, as the bell rang. Lindsey ran to class and took her seat, almost forgetting to take off her sweatshirt. School rules say no non-uniform clothing is to be worn during school hours with the exception of spirit days. She rolled her eyes and tried to forget the twinge in her bladder. First lesson was math so it was easy to get lost in the formulas. The bell rang and Lindsey turned in her assignments, wandering to her next class, forgetting how much she has to pee.

Next lesson was history. The second she heard the instructors droning monotone voice she tuned out the outside world. That’s when a sudden wave of desperation hit her. Her hands shot to her panties, grabbing hard at her wee hole to keep it all in. There was no way she was going to raise her hand and leave class; that was way too embarrassing. She would have to wait until break. It was only 50 minutes away. She would definitely make it.

Boy was she wrong. Twenty minutes into class a big spurt of pee shot into her panties, causing Lindsey to squeak. Luckily the teacher was playing a video so it was loud and dark. Her face was beat red and she was breathing hard. She could feel a small damp patch on her panties. Panic sets in, not helping her situation. She starts shaking and presses her hands firmly on her wee hole. She crosses her legs hard.

Minutes pass, but it feels like hours. She breaths slowly, deliberately, as to not pressure her bladder. Soon she will not be able to hold it all in anymore.

Ten minutes before class is over the movie ends and the instructor turns the lights back on. He says something about the assignment for next week, but Lindsey is too focused on not peeing all over her pleated uniform skirt to listen. Just then a big spurt shoots into her panties, and the flood gates release. Pee gushes out of her, covering her panties, skirt and chair, splattering to the floor. Her face turns an even deeper shade of red and her classmates start. She is mortified, but so relieved.

She sits there for at least two minutes peeing forcefully into her panties. The second she stops she grabs her bag and bolts out of the classroom, leaving a trail of pee behind her.

