The Softball Accident

Author: Palloren

*000*2016-11-10 04:45

Elizabeth, but for the sake of shortness, Eliza, was 17 year old girl and was the star player for her high school softball team. She has amber hair, green eyes, and decently tan skin, about 5 "9", and played third base. So now that I have explained our main character, lets jump into the story.

Eliza was driving from home to the baseball diamonds, her high school, the Greenville Spartans, were playing the Gallupsburg Jaguars, the Spartans rivals, so this was a big game. Once she got there she got started warming up, she practiced fielding and catching.

She looked at some of the boys in her grade from over the fence, and posed in her green uniform with light gray pants. She could see some of them blushing a very deep red, but she didn't have time to focus on that, she had a game to play.

The first inning was underway, and she was third to bat up in the bottom of the first. She swung and missed the first pitch, along with the second, but the third was hit way out there, not a home run, but out there. She put on the wheels, and barely was able to make a inside the park home run, she went into the dugout, and chugged all the water from her bottle, as she was very tired. "Your gonna have to pee later" Marcy, a team mate of hers. commented. "I'll be fine" Eliza replied.

Unfortunately, Marcy's prediction came true, as Eliza's bladder started to fill in the top of the fifth inning. She crossed her legs in the dugout, until it was her turn to bat again. She began to start practice swinging, but after a fast, powerful swing, she felt a tiny stream escape her bladder and leak into her panties. She put her hand to her crotch, and was able to stop it before it caused real damage.

Luckily, for Eliza, the third out was made before it was her turn to bat, and was sent out to field. She found it much easier to field with a full bladder then bat with one. While focusing on her bladder, she didn't notice a ball flying at her until the last second, and stretched to catch it, but in the process let a stream escape, making her panties damp and warm. Throwing it to first wasn't easy either, as when she threw it, another stream escaped, and now it was able to be noticed, but only if you looked closely.

After the third out was made, it was her turn to bat again. She was sure the catcher noticed her wet spot after she gave her a strange look. Eliza struck out on purpose so she could just hold in her pee better, she hadn't peed herself since the 5th grade, and she certainly didn't want to now, not with all these people around.

Finally, it was the 9th inning. "Just one more inning to go" She thought, but remembered the baseball park had no bathrooms "Well lets at least just make it to my car before I blow, that way no one would see me pee". Two outs were made, "So close" She thought, feeling like she would burst any second, like a ticking tocking time bomb.

She was so focused on her aching bladder, she didn't seem to notice the ball hurdling right towards. Eliza didn't notice the ball till the last second, but this time, she missed the catch, and the ball nailed her right in her bladder.

That was the final push her bladder needed, and pee was sent streaming all over her pants, and by everywhere, I mean everywhere, it came as a slow stream at first, but soon turned into a jet of pee. Everyone just stopped and stared, the pee was so easy to notice in her gray baseball pants, Eliza felt so relaxed and relieved, she didn't even notice everyone staring at her.

That was until realization kicked in, and she remembered she was in public, her face light red on the spot. So just to get her humiliation over with, she walked over, and tagged the runner, she was still standing there from shock.

Then she packed up her things in the dugout, and headed for her car. Marcy was able to catch her though, and quickly added this before Eliza got to her car. "I told you so".

