The day she got me into omo

Author: Quest

*000*2017-10-02 19:56

Ever since joining this community, I've been envious of the extremely well written wetting experiences shared by so many of you. Since English isn't my primary language, I haven't bothered trying to tell the story that changed everything. Today, I want to change that. :) The following story is as accurate as my memory allows, though I changed the girl's name to protect her identity.

It's hard to believe she's standing in my living room right now. Surely, it's been what, two years? Maybe three. She didn't change at all.

I met Zoe back in college through a mutual friend. We immediately liked each other. She was very soft spoken, shy even, had a wonderfully open view of the world, and was incredibly cute, looking much younger than she actually was. With her clear blue eyes, light blonde hair to complement her babyface, and at just 5'5", many wouldn't believe she was in college.

Zoe's open mind was the thing that attracted me most to her. I could tell her anything that came up in my mind, unfiltered and without fear of being rejected or laughed at. Her eloquence and view of anything that wasn't particularly mainstream was delightful and refreshing. Zoe was always interested to know more, and would never judge. Sometimes, she'd even surprise me by telling me she had the same feelings or even experiences like me. She was a joy to have around.

At some point, during a time when the diaper lover in me felt very lonely, I decided to confide in Zoe. Not having a lot of experience talking about diapers with people in real life, it went better than I could have hoped for. Zoe wanted to know more about that DL thing. She thought it was really cool that I told her, and was interested in trying it out. A long story short, we would wear together in my dorm room on several occasions, sometimes even go for a night walk, wet freely, change openly, and often end up having sex.

Having a friend with such benefits was out of this world, and only in hindsight do I realise this. As I was a few years older than Zoe, I finished college sooner, moved to a new city and basically a new life. Other than the occasional texts, we were, as the proverb goes, out of sight, thus out of mind.

Until today.

Just like me a few years before, Zoe had finally finished college. Remarkably, she ended up moving to the same town as I now live in. She actually lives closer to me now than during our college years. As soon as she told me she had moved, I invited her to my house to catch up after some years of near silence. We both knew, however, that this wouldn't be talking only.

Before Zoe arrived, I went to my bed room to get two diapers. They were Tenas, though quite a bit thinner than the ones I have usually. I put them on a corner of the table in the living room, quite subtly, but certainly not invisibly. It didn't take Zoe a long time to spot them. "I really want to wear those again", she said smiling. We both grabbed a Tena. Still a little bit shy, we each took our own corner of the living room, took off our own pants and underwear, and put on the Tenas. She looked great, wearing nothing but a top and her diaper, even if she didn't put it on quite right. I helped her adjust it, which turned me on. Judging from her breathing, it did the same for her.

We made ourselves some tea and sat in front of the TV, on the floor, doing the catch up that was the main reason (or excuse) for her visit. As the conversations went on, and more and more tea went down too, we knew what was coming. Or at least, that's what I thought. The next diaper wetting would change everything.

While I had been leaking bit by bit, Zoe had a hard time wetting herself while sitting. She tried doing it unsuspiciously during our conversation, but it didn't work, so she finally stood up. I knew what time it was. I had seen this many times before, years ago. Zoe was a great wetter: not one to go often, but once she went... she wouldn't stop. The floodgates of heaven would open and remain so for a long time.

Years later, it was going to happen again. Slowly, Zoe tilted her head, looking downwards. As I was still sitting on the floor, I had a close-up view of her diaper. One last gasp, and Zoe let go. The moment I had craved for was here. Zoe's hissing was perfectly loud and intense, putting the Tena to good use. The wetness spread so fast and the warmth beamed in my face. The colour of her diaper change quickly. Her piss kept spreading, until it had nowhere else to go. When that happened, her diaper started to swell more and more, becoming larger and hotter, almost like a balloon, with her stream showing no intention of slowing. Zoe was my muse, my god, my queen, standing in the middle of my living room, with her eyes wide open, watching on as she deliberately wet herself, for her and my pleasure, which I had the privilege of seeing from barely two feet away, sitting in my own damp diaper.

As her stream slowly came to a pause, Zoe stood there in maximum arousement, enjoying what she had missed out on for so long. I noticed her diaper couldn't handle all her wetness. The Tena didn't leak, but it was clear that a lot of pee was floating in her diaper without actually being absorbed. Every little movement made her tremble, purely from her own piss playing with her clit.

That's when I made the move that changed everything.

I took my hand and pushed on the front of her diaper. Immediately, Zoe's warm piss bursted out through the sides of her diaper. She moaned loudly as both the floor and myself got wet instantly, like a sea wave that hit the shores. One of the tapes of Zoe's Tena had also let go, a result of her pretty bad taping in the first place. I decided to pull the diaper off her, with more piss flying around. This is the moment where something new was born, something that will never leave me: I'm not only a diaper lover anymore. Anything that has to do something with peeing inappropriately or deliberately wakes my senses, even when there's no diaper.

The evening was far from over. Zoe begged me to wet my diaper some more, though I shortly after decided to take it off too, curious about the new interest I had just discovered. By then, we were both completely naked, the tops taken off as well, and I would lie on the floor, in all her pee that exploded from her just before. I absolutely never thought I could enjoy that, lying in such a puddle, but the exhilaration was immense.

The image that will forever be imprinted in my memory was about to be made next. While I was lying there, the beautiful, babyfaced blonde, with piercing blue eyes and big beautiful breats was standing over me, like a giant, ready to crush everything in her path, one hand on her pussy, about to piss all over me. It took her a while, maybe because she couldn't stop touching herself, and every second added to the excitement, until, finally, she let go. Heaven once more opened the floodgates, and I was the sole recipient, watching, then feeling it all happen. Her warmth spread over my belly, then found its way south. Whether it was deliberate or not I don't know, but much of her pee also made it into my mouth, another first I thought I would never experience, let alone enjoy.

It now was my turn. I pulled Zoe on her knees, desperate to see her lying in the pool we, but mainly she, had made. It was a sight to behold once she was lying there, this sexy girl in the middle of the newest taboo I had just discovered. I just couldn't believe my luck. Many people must have felt bad and insecure once they found out they were into omo, and my first experience was with a stunning beauty who, by all measures, enjoyed this at least as much as I did. That feeling of validation was powerful, and it was what made it really easy for me to let go over her, my wetness bouncing off her body, and seeing her shiver once my stream hit her clit.

As the night went on, the visual memories fade. What remains is that overwhelming feeling of ecstacy that probably will never return in full force, not like it was that particular night. Once we cooled off, we used several towels to clean the floor, which I threw into the washing machine directly. As for us, we took a shower together. Perhaps unexpectedly, that was my least favourite moment. It's the time when reality started sinking in, and made me think: "what the hell am I doing?" It's the one thing I have yet to conquer: not feeling bad about being a diaper or omo lover after the fact.

In the months after, Zoe and I would meet up regularly, experiencing more exciting omo stuff. Just once during that time, I recorded a video of one of our encounters, which I uploaded a while ago

.

Today, sadly, Zoe and I aren't in contact anymore, as we both moved on and are seeing other people. Seeing each other, as it turns out, still produces a lot of electricity that we can't really handle in this current reality.

I hope you enjoyed reading this, and if you did, I'd be happy to write more about some of our other get togethers. :)
