Faust's Family Featurette

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2015-11-05 09:53

Hello! Faust here! it has been a long time since Faust's last post, but Faust has been busy with life lately.

Things have changed a lot over the time period that Faust has been gone, and the world has expanded greatly......

So, Faust figures he'll ease everyone into it! With a few new faces.......

Faust hopes you enjoy! ^_^

===

Faust's Family Featurette

Knock knock knock

It had been a routine morning for Faust. Sun was shining through the windows, his apartment was clean, save for a few discarded soda cans beside his desk. Faust had a particularly...notty picture of a certain blonde haired girl on his computer...But, he paid it no mind.

Knock knock knock

"Ah, I'm coming." Faust's voice called as the person outside knocked once more, walking towards the door. The only people that usually came around this early were door-to-door salesmen, and religious recruiters.

'I'll just listen to what they have to say, and politely refute them. he thought to himself, sliding open a lock, and opening his door. What awaited him was neither a salesman, or a pastor....But instead..

"Hiya! You're...Faustus Necromonium, right?"

It was a girl. One that was about a head shorter than him, with short violet hair. Two hairclips that resembled a direction pad decorated her hair, and she was wearing a white jacket that stopped just shy of her hips. Under that, he could make out a purple skirt that barely touched at her outer thighs.

"Hell-o? Are you Faustus Necromonium, or do I need to check another house?" the girl called, purple orbs glancing up at him as she spoke. "I've already been to six, and I'd really like to find him before.."

"No, No, you're right here." Faust stammered quickly, having been staring a bit more than intended. "I mean, I'm right....Yeah. I'm Faust. Sorry about that."

"Ah! Finally!" the girl called, before tackling into him, arms wrapping around him in a vicegrip that threatened to cave in his lungs. "I've been looking all over for you! My mom said you lived in the area, but I didn't think i'd find you so easy, Cuz." Faust blinked a bit, wincing from the agony of affection.

"C..cuz?" he groaned out, trying to gently ease the girl off of him.

"Oh, right." the girl called, letting him go for a much needed breath of air, before spinning around. "I'm Juuni. Juuni Neptunia. Or, Nep if you prefer. Or Nep-Nep, or..."

"Faust." He stated lightly, holding his hand out a bit. "Call me Faust, Nep."

"Faust, then!" Juuni mused, lightly bouncing on her heels. "Your Mom and my mom were sisters! Well..still are...and all. Just...you know. So, that makes us first cousins! Hence, why I called you 'Cuz'. Cause you're my cuz, Cuz."

"Right." Faust replied lightly, glancing the girl over. She seemed to have a habit of...motor-mouthing. Though, there was something oddly endearing about her. 'No idea Mom had a sister. Though...'

"Thaaaat being said....Mind if I come in?" Juuni asked, glancing to the sides of the door. "I umm...I need to wash my hands. Been shaking too many strangers hands, and...you know. Germs and all that."

"Hm? Oh, sure." Faust stated, opening the door. The girl started into his apartment eagerly...And as he turned to move back in, he caught full view of the picture on his screen. A flush rose to his face when he realized he hadn't clicked out of the image, and he quickly started to pace over to his computer.

"A..Ah? What's wrong?" Juuni asked back, watching as he backed up over his monitor.

"O..Oh, nothing." Faust lied quickly, his hands moving to grip at his mouse. "Just..figured you didn't wanna see this...Um....Movie I was watching."

A small chuckle escaped the girl's lips at this, as she moved over, lightly poking his nose with a finger.

"We're family, ya know?" she stated with a chuckle. "S'not gonna matter if I see some of your porn, cuz. It's just how boys are, after all."

"It's not porn!" Faust protested, as Juuni shook her head, walking on.

"Suuuuuuuuuure it's not." she stated, walking into the bathroom with a few stiff steps. "Well, so long as you don't have any naughty thoughts about me, it should be fine."

The door was shut before he could defend his case anymore, and he quickly spun around to close the images he was looking at. Anything that he figured could be even remotely damning was quickly exited out of, as he moved to pick up the soda cans next to his desk.

'That was too close.' he thought, depositing the cans...before a thought found it's way to his head.

'Wait, why would she close the door if she was just washing her hands?' he thought, before shaking his head, trying to purge it just as quickly as it came. 'No...No, it's fine. She's..probably just weird like that.'

The sounds of flushing filled the halls at this, as the door was opened once more, and he heard her calling out in relief.

"Whew....That was close." Juuni mused, stretching a bit. "An extra DP this morning was definitely not the best idea."

Faust opened his mouth to say something, but quickly shut it as he pushed the thought out of his mind.

'Shut up...quit while you're behind.' he told himself, before the girl walked over to him, glancing up.

"So, we just kinda sorta moved into town the other day, and I don't know my way around at all." Juuni started, looking up at his uneasy face. "If you could...It'd be super nice if the bestest cousin of all time could show me around...Plz?" She made an absurd pouty face as she placed her request, forcing Faust to avert his eyes.

"Yeah...Yeah sure." he quickly retorted, trying to hide his flush. "It's Sunday, so I'm free. I can show you around town."

"Yay! Thanks cuz!" the girl called, glomping onto him once more, before starting to tug on his arm. "C'mon C'mon C'mon, let's go!"

"W..wait, let me get ready real quick at least!!!"

========

"And over there, is the Library. We've got one at school, but this one's got a bunch of other things we could read. Books, Manga, manuals.." Faust explained, gesturing over a hill at a tall building.

"Oooh, I wonder if they have that manga about the guy who wins fights with a single hit!" Juuni piped back, smirking. "One-hit man, or something like that..yeah?"

"They might." Faust replied with an easier smile, looking around. The two had been walking around the neighborhood for a while now, from the Park, to outside school grounds, to some of the big-chain convienence stores. A low growl escaped his stomach at this, as he looked around once more.

"Ah...I'm getting hungryyyy!" Juuni moaned, glancing around. "Is there a place we can get some food around here? I'm starved!"

"I was just thinking the same thing." Faust replied with a small chuckle, glancing around. "We could get something at the Wcdonalds, if you want."

"Yes, Please!" Juuni mused back, prompting the two to move over to it. A place that specialized in all of the generals. Burgers, Fries, and other fatty foods.

"So, what would you like?" Faust asked Juuni, lightly. "I've got a bit of money, so Order whatever you like."

"Sure thing Broth..." Juuni started, before cupping her hands over her mouth. "I..I mean..Cuz."

Faust raised an eyebrow at this, before looking over at the person behind the counter. A familiar head of pink, with similar eyes glancing back.

"Ah! Faust!" Yuno's voice mused, waving eagerly as she saw him. "Yuno didn't expect you to swing by!"

"Ah, hey Yuno." Faust replied, lightly. "Didn't know you worked here." Eyes glanced over the girl's figure, a black shirt accentuating her body, while some jeans hugged her sides neatly. A nametag was placed in a precarious place to be caught looking..Though, he didn't need it to know her.

"Yuno just got the job a few days ago." she piped back, glancing over to see the purple haired girl. "And...Who is this?"

"Ah..! I'm Neptunia...Juuni Neptunia!" Juuni replied, with a small wave. "Faust here's my cousin. We just kinda moved into town, and he was showing us around."

"Ah...Is that so?" Yuno mused back, glancing over her for a few moments, before smiling sweetly back at him. "Yuno didn't know you had Family. It's nice to meet you, Neppy."

"Thanks!" Juuni called with a small smile, missing a small flicker in the girl's eyes.

"So...What can Yuno do for you two today?" the pinkette called, tapping at a computer. "Yuno's been on register for hours, but she can help you two before she takes her break."

Faust had to stifle some particularly naughty thoughts at the girl's mention of a lack of breaks...And put on his best poker face.

"I'll just take a number 1." he answered, gesturing up at the menu. A simple burger, fries, and a soda. "What about you, Nep?"

"Ah..! I'll take a seven! With a large drink!" the girl piped up quickly, pointing.

"Yuno sees.." the pinkette replied, typing them up...And then discreetly dancing her fingers over a few buttons. The drawer opened, and shut immediately, without giving Faust the chance to even pull out his wallet.

"Um...How much is it?" Faust asked quietly, as Yuno glanced around.

"Yuno'll cover it." she called with a wink, giving a small wave. "Yuno'll prepare it..So, just go find a seat, okies?"

Faust paused, but nodded quietly, smiling.

"Sure. Thanks, Yuno." he replied, walking around the restuarant. Juuni paced alongside him, leaning over to whisper.

"She likes you, doesn't she?" She teased, elbowing him slightly in the side. "Pinkie there."

"Maybe.." Faust replied innocently, quickly taking a seat at a booth. "She pays for my food a lot, and cooks for me."

"You liiike her, don't you?" Juuni replied, gently poking him as she sat across from him. "You liiiiiike her."

"Maybe.." Faust retorted in the same tone, but with a mischievious wink, prompting the girl to smirk.

"You liiiiike her. You waaaaaaant her." Juuni mused, starting to reach over the table. "Faust and Yuno, Sittin in a tree. K-I-S-S-..."

"Yuno can see your underwear, Neppy." the pink haired girl mused flatly, holding two trays of food. The purple haired girl yipped at this, hands moving to tug down her skirt as her face flushed redder than the ketchup.

"S..Shush." Juuni stammered, her gaze averting. "D..Don't look at something like that."

"Heheheh..Yuno was kidding." the pinkette called, setting down the food, and drinks. "Though, Neppy needs to be careful when wearing a skirt in public. Otherwise, people might get an unintended view."

"I didn't see anything." Faust interjected with a small chuckle, prompting a glare from the purple-haired girl.

"Hush you.." She pouted, averting her gaze. "We're related...So, You shouldn't be looking anyways."

Faust nodded a bit, starting to put a fry in his mouth, as the pinkette leaned back.

"Well, Yuno's gonna go take her break now." she mused, a small tremble in her step as she moved away. "Yuno hopes you both enjoy your meals!"

"We will, thanks." Faust replied with a wave, as the girl quickly paced towards the restrooms. He had to suppress another flush that rose to his lips, as his embarrassed cousin examined the quality of the tile floor. A few quiet moments passed, before one of them had to break the silence.

"You..really didn't see anything, right?" Juuni replied meekly, prompting a quiet smile from Faust.

"Of course not." he replied, honestly. "Though...I think you almost called me brother, earlier." A red flush made it's way to the girl's face again, as she looked down.

"W..well..I've just." Juuni replied, now busying herself with pushing around her food. "I'veneverreallyhadabrotherbefore....And..You..Well.."

"I've never really had a sister before, either." Faust replied lightly, prompting the girl to look up. "If you really want..you can call me brother, instead of 'Cuz.' I don't mind." There was a small pause, before he looked up again. "Though..you probably should eat, before it gets cold."

"R..Right, bro..brother." Juuni replied, before starting to devour her food hungrily. With the occasional slurp from the fountain drinks, dips in ketchup and various condiments, and a few movements from refills...The two eventually finished their meal.

"Phew...that was good." Faust replied lightly, as Juuni hopped up from her seat.

"Yeah.." she replied, glancing over at the path that the pink haired girl had taken earlier. "Be right back though...I need to...wash the grease off of my hands."

Faust gave a small, teasing smile...before standing up.

"I'll go wait by the door then." he mused, opting to be sweet, instead of pestering her. The two parted ways for a few moments...before Faust saw the girl walking over to the doorway with him.

"Ah? Washed them that fast?" he asked, prompting the girl to stand up a bit stiffer than usual.

"Wha..? I..I mean yeah." Juuni replied, starting to push him a bit. "W..we should get going. Like..nowish. Yeah?"

Faust had enough time to look up and see a yellow sign in front of one of the bathroom doors at this, in case the girl's insistance wasn't enough to tip him off. He had to suppress a small smirk at this, moving along as the girl pushed him out of the Wcdonalds.

"So..where do we go now?" he asked lightly, watching the girl lightly tremble as he moved behind her.

"Somewhere! Anywhere! B..back home." the girl hurried called, her legs starting to tense up a bit. Faust could see her biting her lip, as he moved along beside her.

"Back home? We're not even done with the tour..." he mused, prompting the girl to turn around and pout at him.

"Let's...Go..Back..to your..home." she stated firmly, tears lightly welling in her eyes. Faust flinched a bit, but nodded quietly.

"Y..Yeah..let's go." he stated, flushing as the girl took several, terse steps along. They had a bit of a winding path to take...And as they slowly progressed in silence, he could see her shaking more and more....her pace slowing minute by minute.

"Juuni...Are you okay?" he eventually asked, breaking the silence with an obvious question.

"I..I'm FINE!" Juuni retorted sharply, biting her lip as her hands slid between her thighs, gripping at herself. "I just....I....Ohhh..It's never been this bad before.."

"Nep?" Faust asked lightly, as the girl let out a small whine, bouncing on her toes. "Are you.."

"I...I...I'm gonna be honest...I've....I've really gotta pee." Juuni replied hurriedly, shaking her head. "I..I don't know what's happened....I only had o...one soda.."

Faust had to avert his gaze at this, blushing deeply as she voiced her concern.

"F...Faust...Faust it's really bad.." she quickly stammered, glancing back at him with a needy, flushed face. Her hands were balled into fists, as she pressed into her skirt, whimpering.

"We..We'll be home in a few minutes.." Faust tried to assure Juuni, as the girl stomped her foot.

"Faust, I Can't hold it that long!" she borderline yelled at him, blushing. "I Have to pee in the next few seconds, or I'm going to p..P...P.."

The girl whimpered, closing her eyes and trembling wildly as she fought to contain herself.

"

O..okay.." Faust replied meekly, glancing along the path to see an alleyway. "H..here...just..over here..And you can..."

The girl quickly barreled past him at the mention, Faust's eyes glancing down to her glistening thighs with a flush. The girl's hands quickly hooked her skirt, hoisting it up over her thighs to show off a pair of blue-striped panties that hugged her hips and rump perfectly.

"D..D..Don't look... Don't watch...I'm.." Juuni sobbed, as a Pssssh...Pssssh..PSSSSSSSSSHHHHHH-ing sound rang out. A small stream started to spray out between her thighs, the white material starting to quickly darken grey as a pool puddled at her feet. Despite her insistence, Faust couldn't tear his eyes away from the girl's untimely accident, clear piddle flooding down her legs. After a solid minute of release, the violet haired girl's stream died down...Even as she sniffled and whimpered.

"I...I...I.." the girl sniffled, starting to rub her eyes. "I...can't...can't believe.."

Faust had eventually managed to tear his eyes away from the girl, as she slowly stood up, holding her skirt out to avoid saturating the front of it. "I..I..Uwahhh.."

"T..there there...It's...okay." Faust replied, moving over. "I..I don't think anyone...s..saw.."

"YOU saw!" Juuni replied quickly, pointing a finger at him...As her skirt matted to the front of her soaked waist. "And...I just..I...Ohhh..."

"It'll..be fine." Faust replied, quietly as he glanced around. "If..If we move quickly..We'll make it home, and no one will see."

The girl flushed, and whimpered...before glancing away, and gesturing.

"G..Go on ahead..." she stammered, averting her gaze. "I'll..i'll catch up in a sec.."

Faust wanted to say something to her, but quickly started to move along the path, stealing a quick look back at his cousin...To see her peeling down her striped panties.

"I..I said go ahead!" she quickly snapped, blushing. "I..Illicit skirtographer! Vulgar cousin! L-Lewd brother!"

Faust quickly blushed himself, turning around to make his way towards his place hurriedly...Being joined by Juuni after a few minutes.

=======

The two made their way to Faust's apartment after a few minutes, having been in complete silence, and avoiding each other's gaze the whole path. As Faust went to open the door, Juuni turned.

"Well..I should be heading home about now." the girl called, curtly.

"Oh..okay." Faust replied quietly, trying to not picture what he'd just seen. Some girl he'd learned he was related to him...And she'd just had a shameful, gusher of an accident right in front of him. It was enough to plague his mind, but he was still worried about how the girl felt.

"It...It was kind of nice." she replied back, a bit of warmth coming back into her voice. "Even with...what happened..I really enjoyed hanging out with you, Faust."

Faust smiled lightly, as he turned around.

"It was really nice too, Si...Nep." he replied back to her, the girl's expression softening as well.

"We'll have to do it again, sometime. Well, maybe not exactly what happened, but like, hanging out..and not having to worry about bathroom stuffs and...Um..Well..you know what I mean."

Faust did his best to suppress his flush at this, nodding.

"Yeah...We'll have to again sometime." he replied, holding out his arms for a hug.

"Y-Yeah!" she called back with a smile, reaching to wrap her arms around him..but then quickly backing up. "O..Oh...maybe sometime when I'm not...I mean, when my skirt's not...Ya'know."

Faust's eyes glanced down for a moment to see the wet spot on her skirt, before averting his gaze again, and rubbing the back of his head.

"Y..Yeah. Next time." he replied, before moving over to rub her head instead. "I'll hug the stuffing out of ya, Sis."

"Not if I hug it out of you first..brother." Juuni mused back, before turning. "I'll see you later...Lecherous skirtographer."

Faust smirked lightly, before turning to go back into his apartment, shutting the door as he heard his phone buzzing. He quietly moved to the desk where his phone was, picking it up and flipping it open.

"A message?" he said out loud, before pressing a button, opening it up quickly.

'Hey Faust. Yuno hopes your cousin wasn't too upset about what happened. Yuno just wanted to play a little prank on Neppy...Or, would it be better to be Nep-Pee? Ehehehe...Sorry, Yuno is silly.'

Faust smirked lightly at the teasing nickname, before hearing his phone buzz again. He exited the previous message, and opened the other, flushing deeply at the contents.

'Yuno Found these in an alleyway! Yuno wonders if Faust and Nep-pee would know anything about these. =3'

Below the text was a picture of the wet, striped panties he recognized as being discarded by his cousin...And he quickly closed the phone, quashing several vulgar thoughts.

'She's my cousin...She's my cousin..she's my cousin.' he thought to himself, quickly. 'Don't think vulgar things about your relatives...'

========

End

*005*2015-11-11 04:34

Featurette #2. Faust knows it says 'Faust's Family Featurette', but Faust wants to focus on more than just relatives to Faust!

...And with a little bit, Faust hopes you enjoy this fic as well as the others.

Now then..a peek into another family....With a twist Faust will reveal later...

==========

Bzzt....Bzzzt...Bzzzzt...Ca-lick

It was early in the day. A slender hand moved over to shut off an alarm clock. A few moments passed...Before the covers on the bed were flung off, and the figure before responded to her own personal alarm clock.

'Ahhhh..! No no no...Stop!..' she thought, a hand shooting between her legs to grip at her leaking faucet. A dark, damp spot was shining on her green pajama pants, as she scampered down the hall. Jet after jet wet her hands, as she barrelled through the door to the bathroom, and quickly turned. Her rump was almost completely soaked through as she plopped down on the toilet.

"Uwahh....I...kind of made it." she called to herself, examining her damp clothes as her bladder relaxed, warmth spreading under her as she flooded her pajama pants. A few mostly quiet moments passed, before the girl stood up, took off her pajama pants, and dried off her legs.

"Those'll have to go in the wash..." she said with a somber pause, striding across the house bare from the waist down. She wadded them up, and tossed them into a hamper, as she quickly moved back to her room.

'Good thing Dad's out.' she thought, closing the door to her room. A quick rummage through some drawers, and she quickly covered herself with a pair of black boyshorts. She quietly moved over to her desk, and pulled out a small black book. Her other hand reach for a pen, and she quickly started writing.

'Dear Diary. It's Youmu again. she started, letting out a light sigh. 'I wet myself again this morning...But, at least I didn't wet the bed!....At least, I don't think I did.'

She peered over at the bed where she'd flung off her covers, seeing the pristine white sheets.

'Yeah. Didn't wet the bed at all!' she wrote with a small, confident smile. 'An improvement. Hopefully, a good sign of things to come from here. Sis is still at her friend's, so I don't have to worry about her teasing me...And Dad's busy with work again. I hope he can get some time off soon. Oh, sorry Diary..I didn't mean to rant. I was just writing to mention this'll be my first day at our new school. I'm a bit worried, because of my...condition...But, Dad says he spoke with the Superintendent of the school...And that things'll be fine. I surely hope so..'

She lightly placed the tip of her pen in her mouth, nibbling on it for a few moments, before writing a little more.

'Well, the only way i'll know is when I go. So, I'm gonna go get ready now Diary. I'll tell you how my first day went when I get back!'

Youmu closed her diary, and placed it back on her desk, quickly rummaging through her clothes. Gathering a green top, with a matching skirt that would come to her knees, she made her way back to the bathroom. Stripping her clothes off, she hopped into the shower quickly to wash herself off. Warm water splashed over her...and she could already feel the lightest of pangs.

"I really hate having a tiny bladder.." She grumbled to herself, scrubbing at her own silver hair, and slender, lithe body. Her breasts were barely B's, and she didn't have much in the way of curves...But, she was content with almost everything about her body. Everything...save for her own small bladder.

The doctors didn't find anything wrong with her body that could explain it, nor was there anything that could be done about it. She could hold her urges in for just over two hours during the day...But any longer than that, and it would usually end up running down her legs. It was an embarassing, personal problem.. But, she'd have to manage it. As she grabbed her towel and dried off, she quickly sat on the toilet and loosed her waters once more. A soft sigh escaped her lips, as she then wiped herself off...And pulled on her clothes.

"Well, here goes nothing." she sounded to herself, clenching her fists to try to pump herself up. She moved to the door at this, pulling on her shoes and starting out.

She had a small walk over to a bus-stop, a few minutes to ride...And she'd be there. At least, in theory. She held her things over her chest as she waited, the morning air a bit cold.

'I hope It doesn't take too long to get here.' she thought to herself, shivering lightly as she tapped her feet. 'And that everyone's nice...and...ohhh, I'm overthinking this, aren't I?'

Youmu sighed again, before hearing some telltale signs, the big yellow bus driving on down the road. She smiled lightly, a hand moving to dust at her outfit and steel herself. It was coming closer.....Driving closer....Closer....

'It's here!' she thought, the door on the bus opening.

"New girl? Konpaku?" the bus driver's voice called, looking her over. They were an older woman...Though, it was hard to read the woman's expression.

"Y..Yeah. That's me." Youmu replied, nodding quietly. The woman gestured for her to step on, so she did. Moving up the steps, she peered in at the crowd of students on the bus. A myriad of faces, hair colors, and outfits greeted her. Appraised her...And generally made her uneasy. She peered down the row of students....and inched her way back. Heads turned away from her as she walked...All looking rather indifferent, or otherwise uninviting. Her grip on her things tightened as she glanced for a spot to sit.

'There has to be somewhere..' she thought, as one person's eyes looked over her. A figure with dark green hair, and blue eyes.

"Hiya." the boy called, scooting towards the window. "You can sit here, if you like." Youmu stopped for a bit, as the bus started to move forward, prompting her to nod.

"Sure...Thank you." she called, quickly moving to sit down next to the boy. He held a warm smile as he looked her over, both of them seeming to pause in an uncomfortable quiet...before the dull roar of chatter and gossip began anew.

"So, you're new?" the boy asked her, breaking the ice.

"Y..yeah. We moved here over the summer." Youmu replied, nodding. "Though, this'll be my first time going to this school."

The boy nodded quietly at this, before holding out his hand lightly.

"Well, welcome!" the boy called, smiling. "I'm Faustus. Faustus Necromonium."

Youmu paused for a few moments, before taking his hand in a gentle shake.

"Youmu Konpaku." she answered, lightly shaking his hand up and down. "Thank you.."

The two had some light conversation as the bus went along it's path, only two stops before they would be at the school. A girl with pink hair that sat behind them, and a girl with black hair that took a spot near the front. Though there was a bit of unease on the way to school, she brushed it off as nerves. Soon enough, the bus pulled into position in front of the school, and everyone started to stand up.

"Well, we're here." Faust mused lightly, holding his things under his arm. "Here's hoping we have classes together, or something."

"Yeah.." she called to herself, filing in line behind the mass of students, as they filed out of the bus.

=======

A few minutes, a few turns into the wrong classes, and some forgiving teachers later...

She finally made her way to her first class....

Math class.

'Hoo boy...You're ten minutes late on your first day. Way to go, Youmu.' she thought to herself, looking over the class. Much like her old school, the students seemed...Less than enthused to be learning numbers.

"And I hope you all treat Miss Konpaku here with the same respect and decency that you give me." the teacher called, snapping Youmu out of her minature trance. "Miss Konpaku, you can take a seat wherever you like. We're just reviewing some basic things, so if you have any trouble, you can ask me."

"O..okay." She replied quietly, as she glanced around the room once more. The students seemed about as interested in her as they were in the lesson...save for one waving hand near the back. She peered over to see the boy from the bus, inviting her to sit next to him in the back...Along with the pink haired girl next to him. Youmu breathed a small sigh of relief, before starting to the back, taking a seat to his other side.

"Didn't think I'd see you here, Konpaku." Faust's voice called quietly, trying to not attract the attention of the teacher. "Guess we're in at least one of the same classes."

Youmu nodded lightly, as the lesson began. She didn't dare talk while the teacher began her lesson, merely nodding and taking notes. A light panging in her bladder alerted her to a need that would need tending to quickly, as the teacher turned around to face them again.

"Alright. That's everything we had to cover for today." the teacher called, setting her ruler on her desk. "You can spend the last ten minutes of class doing whatever you like...So long as you are quiet."

The class's mood seemed to raise considerably at the freedom, everyone breaking out into conversations with one another. Youmu went to raise her hand, before the green haired boy moved over.

"So, what's your next class?" Faust asked, prompting the girl to pull out a piece of paper.

"Ah..here. Biology." she answered, meekly. "Then there's lunch, and after that, I have PE.."

"Ah, I have PE after lunch too!" Faust called with a barely contained smile. "So, we'll see each oth-"

"Is Faust excited to have PE with Yuno too?" the pink haired girl called from behind him, prompting him to turn.

"Oh...Most definite-"

"Or does Faust just want to see Yuno in gym shorts?"

There was a quiet pause from the green haired boy, as he started to blush ear to ear. A moment's peace for Youmu to hold up her hand, and excuse herself....But...

"Teacher! Yuno..needs to go to the bathroom." the pinkette called, sniping her chances quickly.

"Ah..Sure thing, Miss Gasai." the teacher called, holding out a pass. The pinkette quickly moved over to snatch it up, darting out of the room. Youmu felt her bladder redouble it's efforts at this, her hands quickly darting between her dress.

'It's okay...You can hold it..' she encouraged herself, lightly whimpering as she felt her body tensing up. It was only a few more minutes....Surely, she could manage that.....

The ringing of the bell came sooner than she expected, and the girl stood up quickly, starting towards the door.

"Ah! Konpaku, Don't you want some help getting to your next class?" Faust's voice called to her, as she darted.

"I'mSorryButIgottarunNow" she quickly stammered, darting through the halls, her eyes scattering about. There were crowds of students, people cluttering the halls, and lots of dangerous places to be standing. She held herself brazenly as she moved, too worried about soaking on her first day to care about her self-image. Room after room she passed, door after door, and pulse after pulse from her bladder.....

'Where..ARE the bathrooms in this school?!' she thought in a panick, feeling her lower muscles lax slightly. 'Ah..No no..! Not now..Not yet..!'

She redoubled her efforts, before seeing a door with a figure on it.

"Ah...F..finally..!" she called to herself, shoving her way into the room and darting for a stall. She shut the door firmly, and hoisted up her skirt, a warmth starting to sputter through her underwear.

"No no..! So close...!" she called, hooking the waistband of her undergarments, before yanking them down to her ankles, and plopping down on the seat. A rushing torrent of fluid gushed out from her lower lips at this, spraying all over the bowl of the toilet as she let out a sigh of relief.

"M..M..made it.." she mused to herself, looking down at her underwear. There was a wet patch just bigger than a half dollar on them..But they weren't completely ruined. She could take them off, and wash them easily...and no one would be any the wiser.

At least that was the plan, before she heard the door shutting once more, and a pair of very much...masculine voices calling out.

"Hey, did you see that silver haired girl running through the halls?"

"Isn't she the daughter of...Well, you know who?"

"What? Voldemort?" one boy snarked, prompting a thump.

"No, Stupid. The.."

Youmu's face had gone from relieved, to aghast with horror. A quick peer under the stall let her see the base of what was definitely not another commode. Rather, it was a urinal....Which told her all she needed to know.....

"I'm.." She spoke softly to herself, her face starting to burn in shame. "I'm..In the boy's bathroom.."

[To Be Continued....]

*008*2015-12-04 04:57

[Part 2/2 of FFF, featuring Youmu]

Faust hopes you enjoy, and read it all the way through. For...reasons.

###

"Ah, we'd better get to class." one of the boy's voices called, as Youmu felt her heart pounding in her chest. "You know how tough Miss Shiranui can be."

"Ah...Right. She doesn't relent for anyone that's late." the other voice replied...as Youmu listened to the sounds of their retreating footsteps. Youmu gulped nervously, wondering...worrying if she should try to leave the bathroom.

"J..just a little longer.." she thought to herself out loud, pulling her panties up, and standing against the door. Nervous fingers slid towards the lock...and pulled it open, as she held a breath.

'Just..the faster I get out of here....' she thought, as she peered outside of the stall. 'The less..I have to worry about.'

She started forth with a hesitant step.....Then another...and a last one. She peered around nervously, looking for any signs of life into the bathroom, before breaking out into a sprint. She quickly paced out of the bathroom, shoving the door open with a trembling hand. However, as she rounded the corner to ensure her escape...she found herself slamming into another wayward student.

"A..Ah...Sorry about.." a familiar voice called out in pain, as Youmu was knocked on her butt. "Oh..Konpaku! Are you okay?"

"F..Faust?" Youmu stammered slightly, her face positively glowing as she covered herself. "I..I'm sorry! It's just..I'm running late...and..Umm.."

"A..Ah, it's fine." he replied, waving a hand. "I understand. Things like this happen."

The boy offered her a hand up, the girl quietly taking it as she appeared to be examining the quality of the floor.

"Just...probably should be more careful, yeah?"

"R..Right." She apologized, her eyes slowly moving to meet his. As she did though, there was something....sticking in his hair. "Where...did that come from?"

Faust paused at this, his expression going a bit blank.

"Where'd what come from?" he replied, prompting the girl to stand up on her toes to pull it from his head. It looked like...

"It's..a feather?" Youmu sounded, looking it over. The material was too fine to belong to a bird...and yet, something about it sent a shiver down her spine. "I've...never seen anything like this.."

Faust's expression suddenly paled again, as he darted past her.

"Oh, Sorry, but I...have some urgent business to take care of!" he called out hurriedly, darting past her in the way she'd been moving out of the bathroom. She paused for the lightest of moments to consider, before flushing herself, and reaching for her schedule.

"Room...Two-ten.." she called to herself, busying her thoughts, and anxiously awaiting her judgement from the teacher. She counted down the doors as she walked down the halls, a nervous, slow pace making the situation that much worse.

"Two oh-six...Two oh Eight.....Here.."

Two ten. She held her breath, and pushed open the door meekly.

"Ah...it seems we have a late guest." the teacher's voice immediately called, making the girl flinch. "Well, don't be shy now. Come on in..."

Youmu whimpered softly, before pushing open the door. Twenty eight pairs of eyes focused on her at this, as she clutched her things.

"I..I'm sorry. I just.." she started to explain, before the scornful expression of the biology teacher melted, and he put on a warm, if plastic smile.

"O..Oh, I'm sorry Miss Konpaku." he quickly interjected, his hands moving as if waving away her worries. "I didn't know it was you. Please, have a seat."

Youmu paused at this, blinking incredulously. The teacher had been stern mere moments ago...and then, changed his tune. She idly wondered if it had to do with...

"Did she just get Mister Freeze to relent?"

"Man, I didn't know he could show mercy."

"She must be..."

The voices of her classmates made her flush slightly as she sat down, and pulled out her biology book.

"So, if you'll all be so kind as to open to page 32..."

=======

Most of the hour passed by fruitlessly, with Youmu doing her best to ignore the murmurs and stares of her classmates. She crossed her legs under the desk, feeling her body starting to remind her of her own personal timer. A small pulse in her lower belly made her bite her lip slightly, pondering if she should make a break for the bathroom when the door opened. However, as the bell rang, she quickly saw the group of students seem to completlely swarm the door. It was amazing how well they moved in synch....and filed out of the room. As she started to her feet though, the teacher appeared at her side...As if by magic.

"Do you need any help finding the Cafeteria, Miss Konpaku?" the teacher called, prompting Youmu to gather her things quietly.

"N..No thanks. I saw it on the way here.." she called out nervously, quickly pushing past the teacher. He'd been acting a bit strange the whole period...putting on a cautious tone when speaking with her. As if worried he would offend her....

'Nevermind that..' she thought, starting to round the corner. 'I should probably head to the bathroom first. Don't want to risk..'

"Ah! It's that girl from first period, Faust!" a peppy, girl's voice called out. Youmu flinched at the familiar tone, turning as a head of pink haired girl approached her quickly. A slam not dissimilar to the one she'd been victim to pre-class resounded into her again..as the girl did what could only be called a glomp. Another warm, soft body pressed against her, hands wandering over her body as she wriggled. "Yuno was wondering about you!"

"A..Ah...Gasai.." she replied meekly, as the girl wrapped her arms uncomfortably around her stomach. "P...P..please let g-"

"Yuno must insist that you eat with us!" the girl cooed lightly, as the green haired boy walked over nervously.

"Yeah..sorry, she's a bit.....Er.." He apologized, struggling to find the right words.

"Forceful?"

"Yuno just wants to make sure Youmu enjoys her time at our school!" the girl called with a wide grin, squeezing her a bit tighter. She could feel her body winding up..protesting..and tensing at the pressure. She writhed, and tried her best to escape the girl's seemingly iron grip...before suddenly feel her grip lax.

"Sure, but you don't have to take her prisoner." Faust lightly admonished with a small, but playful bop on her head. "She can sit with us if she wants, or not. It's her choice. Right, Konpaku?"

"I..It's fine.." Youmu stammered back, blushing as she tensed her legs. The sudden relief in pressure was assuring, but she had been dangerously close to a leak there. Not that she would admit it with the two nearby... "I..I don't know anyone else around here..So I'd..Love to. I just...F..Forgot something in class!"

"Ah...I hate it when I do that." Faust replied, waving lightly. "We'll wait for you in the lunchroom, okay?"

"Okay!" Youmu quickly interjected, darting off away from the two. Her bladder was panging idly, as if warning her that she was going to be hitting a dangerous spot soon. She quickly circled the corner, and went to check the sign on the door...before her heart sank.

Closed for Cleaning.

"No...!" she called out, crossing her legs firmly. She bounced in place, trying to calm herself. "No..No no...."

She took in a sharp breath, and exhaled just as quickly.

'I..I can hold it a little longer..' she told herself, applying some pressure between her legs. 'Just...just until after lunch. Then, I can go before the next class. Yeah...Yeah...Yeah, I can do that!'

She took a few more deep breaths, before slowing down...and straightening herself out.

"Just...have to be careful....when I eat." she told herself, starting to quietly, but quickly pace back to the lunchroom. "Can't let them know...anything's up."

She was far too embarrassed to admit she had a problem, especially on her first day...And, if she could manage.....

"Hey! Over here!" Faust's voice called out to her after she grabbed her food. She looked over at the two, the pink haired girl holding up a fork with some food on it.

"Say 'Ah' Faust!" Yuno's voice cooed, even as Youmu took her seat. Faust bit down on the food, turning his eyes as he chewed on the offered morsel.

"So...." Faust called between bites, swallowing. "What's up? Anything happen in Biology? Mister Volorian give you any trouble?"

"Mister...Voloria..." Youmu started, before a small ding seemed to almost ring out. "Oh! You mean..."

"Mister-Freeze!" Yuno chimed in, with a smirk. "He's infamous for being cruel, and merciless towards his students. Yuno had him once..."

"Ah..but he seemed nice to me." Youmu replied meekly, lightly pushing at her food. "Maybe....."

"Ah...Well, that's good news!" Faust replied, shoveling more food into his mouth. "So...Um..Whatcha do for fun? Do you like singing? Play any instruments?"

"Er...No." Youmu added, meekly. "I kind of..Dabble in Kendo..but, I've never really..."

"Oooh! Yuno sees!" Yuno chimed in, entwining her fingers as she looked over the girl with...strangely analytical eyes. "Yuno's never been fond of that kind of thing, but she bets you can do some really cool stuff!"

"W..Well, I'm just.." Youmu started, before pausing with a sharp breath. She crossed her legs under the table, her bladder making itself known once more. Her hands practically rushed for her lap, as Faust chugged at his own drink.

"You'll have to show us sometime." He called, Yuno's lips curling into a small smile.

"Yuno bets you have a lovely singing voice!" Yuno mused softly, her eyes now darting across the lunchroom as a whole. "You just need Yuno to give you a little...Push."

"No..! No...I'm..Fine." Youmu's voice stammered out, flushing. "I..I mean...W..well, maybe... We'll see...."

Her bladder was pounding...demanding that she try to leave now...But, she didn't want to make a scene of things. And since the two had been so nice as to sit with her...

"Ah..Yuno needs to freshen up before next class." the pinkette called to the two, standing up hurriedly. "Faust knows how the lines are before gym class.."

"Ah...Go ahead." Faust called, oblivious to Youmu's own plight, as he turned. "I'll make sure Konpaku can find her way to class.

Youmu saw this as her chance. She could just excuse herself with Yuno, and go to the bathroom! All she had to do was open her mouth, and....ask.

"Are you going to eat that?" Faust asked lightly, pointing at her food. She'd barely touched it, having more pressing concerns.

"A..Ah..No.." she replied lightly, pushing the tray towards him. "I..I'm not feeling that hungry."

"Oh..Thank you." Faust replied, starting to chow down on her food as well. "School food's not the best...but it's something, yeah?"

"Y..Yeah." Youmu replied, turning her head. The pinkette had vanished from sight, thus ridding her of her escape. She bit her lip softly, trembling as the pressure in her lower belly mounted. It was getting bad...Very, very bad...

"U..Ummm.." She stammered, mustering up all of her courage. "F..Faust...Is...is there..any way..."

'Briiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing..Briiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing

"E..EEP!" Youmu squeaked, tensing up as she felt her heart skip a beat...and the tiniest amount of warmth escaping her. She crossed her legs sharply, as Faust started to stand up.

"Ah..looks like Lunch is over." he called somberly, before lifting the trays. "C'mon Konpaku, I'll show you the way to the gym."

"S..Sure....." She replied sheepishly, her face burning lightly. She could tell by squeezing her legs it wasn't a big spot...But, there was something in her panties now. It was probably about the size of a penny, or a nickle...but, it wasn't showing through her clothes. "T..Though..I kind of...need to.."

The rush of the crowd drowned out her request at this, as she struggled to keep her vulnerable bladder out of elbowing range of the rampaging students. Faust weaved his own way through the crowd, giving her an idea of which way to move to avoid the worst of it. As they managed to get into the hall though, she lightly tugged on his shirt.

"Umm...Faust..." she started, meekly. "I...Um...I really...really..."

Tears were starting to well up in her eyes, as she tensed her lower muscles as best she could. "I...really.. need to...head to the bathro..."

"Ah..! ...Oh no.." Faust replied, glancing down the hall. A myriad of students had been gathered up around the bathrooms, all looking furious or agonized as the Janitor held out his hands.

"I'm sorry, but you can't go in." the man called, apologetically. "There's..been an incident, and one of the water pipes burst. It's not safe for you students to use this bathroom.."

"But I need to go NOW!" One student called, trying to barge past him. The Janitor pushed the girl back gently, waving his hands.

"It's not my call to make.." he replied sternly, holding up his broom. "You'll have to go to the upstairs one. Or, somewhere else...Just..Not this one."

Youmu let out a soft whimper at this, her face scrunching up as she fought to keep it all in. A burst water pipe? It had to be something like that...

Faust however, took the girl's arm and started to gently tug her along a different path. Youmu flinched a bit at the sudden contact, but did her best to follow him along..as they came outside of one of the larger rooms in the school.

"In here.." Faust called, waving a hand. "The Gym's got changing rooms, and bathrooms in there. You can make it!"

Youmu staggered her way in, whining as she hesitantly took step after step towards the room he was pointing at.

'Gotta....gotta be careful..' she thought, placing one foot in front of the other, shakily. 'So...I'm so close...'

Step by step..inch by inch...she got closer to the door. And, as Faust held said door open for her to walk through, she felt another spurt of warmth escape her.

"A..Ah..! No no no!" She called to herself, darting into the room at this, her eyes scrunched shut in need. However, as she moved around the corner to where she could find her salvation....

Disaster struck, in the form of a familiar figure with pink hair.

"Ah...!" Yuno's voice sounded out, too late as the two collided with a resounding force. Youmu's heels caught along Yuno's body, and she felt herself careening towards the ground.

As if in slow motion, she felt her body connect with the floor...And then...

Warmth. If the previous bursts had been little squirts, or sprays, this was an ocean of warmth spraying through her clothes. What had been a small spot was completely eclipsed by the burst of her own held waters crashing against her garments. She let out a pained, needy whine as her body's holding muscles finally reached their limits...And she flooded herself. Golden warmth spread out from beneath her, soaking her from her rump to her ankles...And making a sizable puddle underneath her. For a solid minute, she gushed, whimpered, and sobbed....having been within reach of a toilet...and having failed, utterly.

"Wow...Youmu must have been holding it for a while." Yuno's voice called, adding to Youmu's own embarassment. "Yuno is impressed..."

"I..Impressed?!" Youmu stammered out, in tears. "I..I just wet myself! In SCHOOL!"

"Yuno knows." Yuno mused, softly. "But...Yuno hasn't seen anyone flood quite as well as Youmu did. Yuno wonders...."

Youmu's face was burning red, as she tried to straighten herself up and try to make herself presentable.

"I...It's not like i wanted to..." she stammered out, blushing. "It just..It happens.."

"Yuno knows." Yuno's voice mused once more, smiling softly. "Yuno knows you just had an accident. Yuno just...wonders how a..certain someone would feel, upon seeing this."

Youmu's face lit up once more, as she bowed down deeply.

"A..Ah..! You mean Faust?!" She started, hurriedly. "P..please don't tell him! I..I don't want him to know that I.."

"Yuno isn't trying to blackmail Youmu." Yuno quickly interjected, waggling a finger. "Yuno would never do something so...vile. No...Yuno just wonders for a...different reason."

"D..different reason?!" Youmu stammered, as she heard another sharp ringing. Yuno grinned lightly, and started to push the girl behind the lockers.

"Yuno thinks Youmu should get changed...Very soon." She commented, lightly. "Yuno thinks Youmu doesn't want to be known as the school panty-piddler, does she?"

Youmu blushed deeply, but nodded, trying to cover her wet spot up. The girl wasn't..ridiculing her, but she was..helping her? Her intentions weren't clear to her...But when the girl came back with a set of gym clothes and a towel, she quickly accepted the girl's kindness. She wiped herself dry, before starting to change into the outfit, hearing the crowd of girls walking into the room and chatting amoungst themselves.

Youmu herself stayed hidden from the others, tugging on a pair of gym shorts and a white T-shirt over it. The shirt was a bit loose on her, but the shorts hugged her a bit tightly. Already, she could feel the lightest bits of pressure protesting under the tight shorts, and she bit her lip.

'After everyone leaves.. she thought, remembering the teacher beforehand. He'd been nice enough to giv her some time...So, the gym teacher would likely have the same reaction once they knew who she was. It felt odd taking advantage of her heritage like that, but...

As she thought, she could hear the door shutting several times....signalling the girls having flocked out of the changing room. She waited for a few moments, before peering out of the corner. Her puddle had seemingly disappeared, likely the work of Yuno...And she had the room to herself once more.

"W...well..better safe than sorry.." she called, moving to tug her shorts off as she moved towards the toilet. She'd just had an accident, after all...So, she wasn't going to take any chances.

"KONPAKU!"

Or..so she'd hoped. An unfamilair voice sneered at her, an older women with raven-colored hair and a scowl yelled at her through the locker room. She froze, her fingers having been in the sides of her shorts as she heard the woman stomping over to her.

"We can't begin class, if you keep wetting around in here!" She snarled, grabbing the girl by her shoulder roughly. "Out. Class is NOW, and I will not be kept waiting."

"A..Ah..Wait.." Youmu started, before being tugged out of the room. She was...most definitely not familiar with this woman. Before she knew it, she was already out in the gym with the others dressed similarly.

"Class, this is Youmu Konpaku." the woman sneered, with a sour tone to her voice. "Don't give her any special treatment just because she's new. Just like how I won't be easy on you all, just because I'm substituting for gym class today."

"Ah..? What happened to miss.."

"She got sick, and had to leave early." the woman called, bitterly. "So, it's up to me to make sure you brats are in shape. So, let's start with ten laps around the gym. Come on, get moving!"

The class quickly started to pace around the Gym, as commanded. Youmu moving as quickly as she could, in fear of agitating the substitute once more. Yet, as she moved around for the ninth lap, she felt a horrifyingly familiar pressure.

"A..Ah...?!" she sounded to herself, slowing down as she lowered her hands. "O..Oh no...not now...It's too soon."

Her pace started to slow to a crawl, as her bladder's pressure mounted abnormally fast. As if someone had been pouring a pitcher of water directly into her bladder. "M..Miss..I.."

"You what?!" the teacher snarled, stomping over to her. "You think you're going to try to get off without finishing your laps?"

"Miss, please..! I need to go to the restroom!" she pleaded, with a whimper. "I'm certain my Father has sent notes to.."

"I don't care what your father says." The woman sneered, pointing. "When you're in this Gym class, you'll do as I say. Understood, Konpaku?"

Youmu whimpered, nodding shakily as she tried her best to continue running. The pressure under her shorts continued to mount, quickly reaching critical levels as she barely made her way around for the tenth, and final lap.

'Don't pee...Don't pee...Don't pee..' she thought to herself, biting her lip as she rounded the first corner. It was maddening....The way her bladder nearly felt like it was sloshing, and splashing about inside of her. The way her shorts dug into her waist didn't help matters, especially as she rounded the second corner.

It was all she could do to not grip herself directly, in front of everyone else. Some of the students had slacked off, and were still circling around....While others like Yuno and Faust had already finished their laps, and were watching the others.

'Please, don't let them look my way..' she thought as the third corner was conquered, looking up at the fourth and final one she needed to pass.

Just a little more.. she thought to herself, before something strange seemed to appear.

A small windfall of black feathers seemed to flutter down from the skies, lining up her intended path. From the last corner, to the locker rooms....And likely to the toilet. The girl could make out pale skin...and black wings.

"What is.." she sounded as her foot crossed the line to the fourth corner, before a voice pulled her down to reality.

"Konpaku!" the teacher snarled, venomously. "If you have time to daydream, you clearly don't need to go to the bathroom!"

"A..Ah! No..That's not it at all!" Youmu stammered, turning to gesture at the feathers, and figure. "It's just that I.."

As she looked though, the figure, and feathers had vanished. She blinked quietly, wondering if she had just been dreaming...As the woman glared her down.

"You're clearly just delusional." she snapped, putting her hands on her hips. "You can do fifty jumping jacks, and other stretches with the others. Then I might let you go."

Youmu's face paled at the woman's request.

"F..Fifty?!" she thought, her bladder pounding at her. "B..But...I don't think I can even..."

"Fifty, or else." the woman replied coldly, staring her down. "I can just as easily get you wrote up on your first day. I'm sure your father would love to hear about that."

Youmu recoiled, whimpering softly as she staggered over to the only two people she knew in the room.

"Is..she always like this?" She called meekly, Faust peering over her shoulder.

"She's not our regular teacher...but yes." he called, with a flat tone. "She tends to pick on people, and try to force them to perform their best. But, she's way too harsh.."

Youmu stood on shaky legs as she tried to gauge her ability to contain herself. She felt like she hadn't gone after lunch at all....And she hadn't drank anything extra.

'Why is it..so bad..? she thought, as she did her best to spread her legs and arms for a jumping jack.

Spurt!

Bad idea.....

"A..Ah..!" She called softly, hands shooting down to clench at herself quickly as the teacher turned her way. She gripped herself as tightly as she could, trying to fight the incoming flow......But..

"Miss Konpaku..!" the teacher started, snarling. Youmu could feel her resistance melting under the woman's cold stare, even as she started closer. "You call that a Jumping jack? It's clear that you're too.."

"Shut up!" Faust's voice quickly interjected, causing the girl...and the rest of the class to freeze. The cruel teacher looked at the boy, dumbstruck...as he moved over in front of the girl.

"You shouldn't be picking on her...especially because it's her first day! Some of us aren't exactly experts on fitness and such, like you."

The woman sneered, and gave a firm smirk as she looked at Youmu's anguished face.

"Well, I am the gym teacher for a reason.." she started, telltale cruelty in her eyes anticipating the moment. "It's only right that I am to educate you all on how to do things the right way. Running, Jumping jacks..Push ups..."

"Like pushing up your bra, S..saggy tits?" Faust countered quickly.

The whole room fell silent, and one could almost hear a snapping sound, as the woman's attention shifted audibly.

"What. Did. You. Say. Necromonium?" the teacher sounded, more malice seeping into her words with each passing syllable.

"We..well..I was just thinking..." Faust called, starting to buckle much like the girl had been. "Maybe..you're acting like that, because you're...getting on in the years. So..instead of being a rational..adult about it. You're..being a.....B..B..Bitch."

The whole class fell silent, in awe of the boy's words. Was it bravery, standing up to her? Or..stupidity, provoking her so strongly? Whatever it was, the woman had forgotten about Youmu entirely, stomping over to the boy with a renewed rage.....Which meant..

"Youmu! This way!" Yuno's voice called, tugging the girl by her arm as the teacher's anger started to boil out.

"I can't..! You...Piece of....! Disobedient...Impudent......"

The teacher struggled to avoid using swears, but it was clear by the strain on her face she was fighting a losing battle. "Oughta...string you up by your....And.."

Youmu's bladder pounded at her mercilessly, forcing her to take attention away from her classmate that had drawn the ire of the teacher, and focus it on her body's failing control.

"Youmu is almost there!" Yuno's voice called, dragging her through the door. "Yuno knows she can make it! Just..hold it a little longer..and..!"

Step by step, drop by drop...Youmu could feel herself losing it. She rounded the corner, and saw the toilet, staggering towards it with the pinkette's guidance.

She felt damp...Part of it had started to trail down her legs...But, she couldn't give up quite yet...

And..eventually, she could feel her body's final assault on her unleashing. She didn't have time to fight with the shorts, or any other part of her...

She only had the time to sit down on the toilet, and gush out the unnatural flood through her tight shorts. The material darkened considerably in a flash, and streams gushed down her legs, through the crotch of her shorts...and into the toilet. A maddening sense of relief started to wash over her, her whole body relaxing as she gushed into the commode.

"O.O..Ohhh..." she moaned softly, feeling her tensions melt away as her eyes fluttered closed. For a few moments, she could forget about the close call, her soaking shorts,And about the previous incident...

Merley content to let her waters flow as quickly as they could. Eventually, she could feel it sputtering to a stop...and she heard a girl clearing her throat.

"Yuno..presumes Youmu is done?" the girl called, with a small, uneasy smile. Youmu's face lit up again, as she threw her hands over the soaked portion of her shorts.

"O..Oh.. yes." she stammered, blushing ear to ear. "B..B..But..There's no way I can go out there...right..now.."

"Yuno understands." Yuno called, holding up another set of clothes, and another towel. Youmu idly wondered where, or why she had such things...but, quickly made use of them, wiping and changing hurriedly as she dreaded leaving the locker room.

'I really hope she's not gonna turn back around on me when I get out..' she thought to herself, a single hand pushing on the door to head out.

A few ominous moments of silence......

And then, nothing. As she peered around the corner, the others were all talking amoungst themselves, pretending to do the exercises mentioned by the substitute. Though, the woman in question, and the boy that had helped her were nowhere to be found.

"I can't believe Faust said that."

"Yeah...he's gonna get in serious trouble.."

"Especially with Vess on the case...I Think she's gonna kill him."

"No, stupid. Teachers can't kill students..."

Youmu moved about quietly, looking for a quieter place to sit as the students talked, and bickered amoung themselves. The fact none of them turned an eye to her meant she clearly wasn't the focus of the school. A small sigh of relief washed over her, as she glanced around.

"Don't worry about Faust." Yuno's voice called, seemingly out of nowhere as Youmu felt herself surprised by the pinkette again. "He's been through worse. And he has Yuno to help him."

"I..I wasn't..." she protested, before sighing quietly. "Okay..maybe a bit. I just...Well..I should probably thank him. And you too, Yuno. For..well..."

Yuno merely gave a small, coy grin as she leaned in to whisper.

"Yuno's good at keeping secrets." She whispered, quietly. "Yuno won't tell everyone about what Youmu did....And she appreciates your thanks..."

Youmu's face flushed again, as she buried her head in her knees lightly.

"T..Thank you again.." The girl meekly replied. "An..and..if you see him before I Do..thank Faust for me too, okay?"

"Yuno will do!" the girl replied with an enthusiastic tone, as the bell for class started to ring, signalling the end of gym.

====

As the last period of class ended, Youmu put away her supplies neatly.

"Well..at least that was normal.." she sounded to herself, as she started to follow the herd of students out of class. It was the end of the school day....and what a day it had been. She hadn't seen Yuno or Faust since they parted aways from Gym, nor when she got on her bus. The two seemed inseperable, but she still worried why neither of them got on.

"Not to mention, my clothes went missing.." she spoke to herself, wondering. True, they were soaked, but it still worried her slightly. Her bladder hadn't had any strange spikes in need...and she'd managed to get through the bus ride quickly, and neatly. As she peered out the window though, there was a long black car in the driveway.

"Ah?! Dad's home!" She called excitedly, darting through the bus, and to her front door. She thrust open the door, looking up as a figure wearing a large black robe turned around.

"Ah..Honey, shoes." the voice called, as she glomped onto him, excitedly.

"Dad!" she mused, nuzzling into him. "You're home!"

"So I am.." he called, a firm hand patting her head. "I Hope your first day at school wasn't too troublesome. I had a talk with all of the staff, but I heard they had a substitute."

'That explains a lot..' she thought, chuckling a bit.

"Dad, I know You're The Grim Reaper." she started, lightly patting his robed shoulder. "But I'm a big girl. I can handle myself now."

"I know dear.." he called, sheepishly. "I just worry is all, sweetie...."

===

"Yuno can't believe you did that, Faust." The pinkette's voice called, as the two made their way into his place. "Calling out the Sub like that. Yuno was very, Very impressed at your bravery."

"Yeah...Tell that to the week of detention I got." Faust replied back, shaking his head. "She was just being way out of line. I couldn't let her bully Konpaku like that, ya know?"

He pushed open the door, feeling the pinkette moosh up behind him in a hug.

"Oh, Yuno definitely knows." the girl cooed, pushing the door closed with her feet. "Yuno thinks Faust deserves something...special for being such a brave...kind boy."

"What'd you have in mind?" Faust replied lightly, as the girl pressed something warm to his hands. A flush came to his lips, as the girl leaned in to whisper.

"You'll find out in a minute...Fausty." she whispered, lightly blowing in his ear. "Meet Yuno in the shower in..two minutes. And be....prepared."

Faust blushed from ear to ear, as the girl skipped off to the bathroom. He looked down into his hands, green stripes soaked with lewd warmth....As he put his bag on the counter.

"I see you've become a bit bolder with your note." a familiar, sensual voice called out, as he turned his head. "And here I thought I'd never see you touch it again."

"Well, I can't abandon something as good as this." he called to the Goddess of Lust that followed him, Saril. A hand pulled out the familiar black note, as he opened it up. "Though, I haven't had to use it at all today. Maybe it's a bit of good fortune on my part with her.."

Saril smirked, running her fingers over the boy's chin.

"Fortune, or misfortune?" she mused, with a grin. "I suppose only time will tell..."

"You're as ambiguous as ever." Faust mused, running his fingers over the book once again. "Though...I have to wonder if she could see you. She was..acting a bit...weird when you were around."

"I doubt it." Saril assured, with her confident grin. "It'd take something special to be able to see a Goddess of lust like myself. Nothing short of divine..."

"Fauuuuust~ Yuno is waiting~"

"Much like her." Saril teased, nudging him. "You'd best not keep her. It's rude to make a lady wait."

"Right...right." Faust called, setting the notebook back in his bag. "I suppose I'll have to save my thoughts for...another time."

[Part 2, End]

