Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 15

Author: Alexxx

*352*2014-01-03 04:58

As I flew over Kanto, the sun ignited the horizon in a sea of color.

I was home.

I was hundreds of feet in the air, with the deafening wind howling through my hair, but I was at peace. There was something to reassuring about being where I belonged, not necessarily in position but in life. Everything I needed I had in my pack, and I was pursuing my dream.

I was accomplishing my dream.

"This is freedom." I smiled, letting go of Skarr with one hand to feel the wind blow through my fingers.

"Hmmm?"

"This. The open sky, the fresh, crisp air." I laughed into the wind. "This is freedom."

"Hardly." Skarr snorted. "I'm the one flying you. You're bound by my whims -- I could take you anywhere."

"If that's true, then why are we going to Celadon, where I want to go?"

"Perhaps our whims coincide." Skarr grinned, his amber eyes shining.

"How fortunate."

Skarr tilted his head ever so slightly, and changed course. "Ladies and gentlemen of the flight deck."

"Hmmm?"

"This is your captain speaking. We may experience some slight turbulence...." Skarr suddenly dove downward, causing me to yelp. "...and this is a reminder to double-check that your restraints are firmly in place."

"Skaaaaarr!" I screamed, laughing as we soared at ridiculous speeds. "What are you doing?"

"Please refrain from smoking, walking, or using the lavatories as we make our decent. Thank you."

"You're insane!"

Skarr smashed against something with his left wing, causing it to explode into a mess of red. He flipped upside-down and caught it in his beak, then corkscrewed and righted himself once more. "Thank you once again for your patience. Looks like clear skies from here on out. Thank you for flying on Skarmory airlines on your non-stop service to Celadon."

I turned, trying to make out what was in Skarr held in his mouth. "What just happened?"

Skarr grinned, turning to me with half a dead Sparrow hanging from the side of his mouth. "I was hungry for a mid-flight snack."

"Ewww, Skarr!"

"What? I've seen you eat Fearow before. This is no different."

"Yeah, but it's cooked, and seasoned and everything first!"

"So what, I don't mutilate, burn, and fowl my food before I eat it, and that disturbs you?"

"Actually, I would consider that Sparrow properly mutilated."

Skarr chuckled. "Well, perhaps I was trying to be a bit fancy. I knew I could catch it in my mouth, but I didn't know if I could cut it in half mid-flight."

"And?"

"Success!"

"We're going to need to land by a lake before we get to Celadon -- you look like you just murdered someone." I giggled, looking at Skarr's bloody maw.

"Why? Humans should see me and tremble!" Skarr laughed, lazily making his way to one of Celadon's many lakes.

###

(??? POV)

I felt most at home in the dark. I was never a troublemaker even as a child, but something about the night made me calm. I felt as if I belonged when the shadows came, and I felt a kinship with the slivers of the moon. I was lying down, and the world was a glorious shade of black -- that perfect shade where you're unsure whether your eyes are open or closed. I would have been content to exist in this twilight forever slowly easing myself to sleep had it not been for the troubled breathing beside me.

Perhaps to others it would appear as if she was sleeping, but I knew better. Years of companionship had taught me when she was troubled, and when she was just feigning sleep. I didn’t need the light to tell me she was distressed, or where the curve of her stomach would lay on the bed. I curled around her gently, and caressed her with a palm.

“Do you hate me?” She whispered into the dark.

“I could never hate you.”

“I don’t understand how you couldn’t. I hate myself.”

“You had your reasons, and he has his.”

“I promised you -- I promised us...I would be better than this.” She sighed, clutching a pillow between her arms.

“It was better this time.”

“He still ran away, Keith. Just like last time. I caused it then and I caused it now.”

The soft sound of tears tore at my heart, and I clutched Margret all the tighter. “It was better this time. He will come back, and he’ll be okay. I promise.”

“How do you know?”

“Because he’s just as stubborn as you.” I smiled, finding her cheek in the midnight and placing a small kiss. “That and your hair, that’s what he got from you.”

She laughed lightly, then sighed. “I am sorry...It’s hard for me to put the past behind, but when this is all over, I will apologize to him.”

“That’ll mean a lot to Josh.”

“Do you think it will be enough?”

“I think it would speak mountains.” I nodded, resting my head against my arm.

“...Thank you.”

“Always, my love.”

###

(Josh POV)

“Taking a journey?” The cashier smirked.

“Taking the journey.” I nodded, zipping up my pack. That was the last of the supplies I would need from Celadon, including all of the items I would need for the Cave. You could never be too prepared, after all...

"Are you ready yet?" Skarr flapped his wings impatiently.

"Almost. Let me check everything one more time."

"You are the champion of over-preparation."

"Better that then the alternative." I shrugged.

"Of what? Being normal?"

"Worse; underprepared." I gulped, zipping up my bag for the fifth time. "Over prepared people have sore shoulders. Underprepared people don’t make it out of the Cave. At least, not alive."

"Relax. You won’t perish in our care." Skarr waved a wing.

"Forgive me if I still take precautions." I grinned, slinging my pack over my shoulders. "Alright! Vermillion or bust!"

"Finally." Skarr lowered himself, and I hopped on his back. "Any longer and I would have begun to rust."

*359*2014-01-09 04:52

(Guardian of the Eight Trial, POV)

"Relax. No one's come in years. Don't be so on edge."

My eyes were glazed over with trepidation, and sweat trickled down my neck like blood. I could all but hear her lamentation, crying out for a sacrifice. She could smell her food coming, and she was growing impatient. We had kept her waiting for far too long...

"It's just a cave, man. Relax."

"It's not just a cave." I shivered. "There's something in there. Something's gonna happen. I know it. I feel it."

"Don't go mental on me, Jim." Tobias waved off my concern. "If you keep sputtering about the cave being alive they're gonna lock you up, man. "

"Call me what you want. I've been guarding her for nearly a decade and I know something's up. I-I've been having dreams."

"How about we switch places? You guard the seventh trial, and I'll guard the eight. Maybe being too close to the entrance has been screwing with you, you know?"

"I'm not crazy!" I shouted, grabbing his smooth white jacket with my sweaty palms. "I know what I saw!"

"What did you see, then?" Tobias frowned, crossing his arms.

"The Cave. It's...it's like she's growing." I looked behind my shoulder, just to ensure the Cave hadn't moved. "See the shadows by the entrance? They're bigger, man. She's extending. She's reaching for something, and I know what it is. It's a man."

"A man?"

"A man. A man made of shadows of the darkest night. I see him in my dreams -- his piercing red gaze, and the spikes jutting out of his inky flesh. He's the only one that can sate her hunger. He's the one she craves."

"Maybe you need to lie down, Jim. Take the day off. Get some rest."

"He's coming. And when he gets here, I don't know what he'll do."

"No one is coming. We're gonna get you home, get you some water, and tomorrow this will all be just a-"

"First Guardian to Two through Eight, do you copy?" A gruff, female voice demanded though the radio clipped to Tobias' belt.

"Seventh and Eight Guardian, loud and clear. What do you need, Number One?"

"T-there's a trainer here, a-at least, I think he's a trainer."

"Huh?"

"You know that Night-Blight or whatever thing that was on the news? He's here...and he has all the badges."

Tobias took a long look at the radio, before cautiously pressing the speaker again. "What's he look like?"

"Like something out of a horror film, man." One responded, her voice rough but shaky. "He was pitch black but with glowing red eyes, and these weird spikes sticking out of-"

"When you finish your idle gossip, I am here to prove my worth."

I froze. My stomach twisted into knots, and I felt sick. Slowly I turned, and I saw the product of my nightmares standing before me.

"I have obtained every badge, and bested every test." Nightshade spoke, presenting his badges. "Now I will best your 'Cave', defeat your masters, and the world shall once again recognize the strength of the shadows. Do you have reason to oppose me, or shall I continue undeterred?"

"You may pass." Tobias spoke for both of us, nudging me out of the way. The monster strolled past both of us, leaving a trail of shadows behind himself that slowly melded into the aether.

"W-what will you do to us?" I choked out.

The beast turned to me, burning a hole with his blazing red eyes. "Speak your mind, mortal."

"Once you win, what will you do?"

The shade smiled. "Disappear. What more do you expect from a shadow? Once I have my moment in the light, I will be gone."

"You...you won't harm us?"

"What would I gain from your demise?"

"I thought you were evil."

"Evil may lurk inside of me, but can you not claim the same of yourself? Our actions speak for our hearts, and mine only yearns for ambition."

NightShade gave a curt nod, and headed towards the cave.

"Wait!" I screamed. Nightshade turned to me. "You can't go in there! S-something waits for you. Something...dark. Darker than you. Darker then us all!"

"It is not my destiny to fear the darkness. I am forged from-"

"You don't understand!" I shouted, wringing my hand together.

NightShade walked over to me, and placed a hand on my shoulder. "Believe me, I understand. I know what I risk, yet my destiny demands I continue." Nightshade sighed, and for one brief moment, he looked very, very human. "You can feel her too, can't you Guardian?" he asked. "She demands a sacrifice."

"Be careful."

Nightshade smiled warily, and turned towards the Cave. "I was made from shadows, Guardian. To others, the Cave symbolizes fear and mystery, but to me?" NightShade gave me one last grin. "To me...I'm finally going home."

###

(Josh POV)

Victory Road. The walk, presenting my badges, and taking the first steps up to the Champion. The fresh, vibrant grass brushed against the gold sculpted statues of heroes of lore, and of heroes to come. The steps to the cave were worn with time; each held a story of steps taken by legends, steps taken by Masters, and steps taken by those the cave would claim.

I noticed my step caused a crack in the staircase to widen. What would my destiny entail?

"A...are we going in?"

"Do we have a reason not to?"

"Well, I mean, we could always train m-more..."

"We could train for a lifetime." Static rolled his "Of course we're going in. We're ready."

The cave's mouth was massive. It was carved to look like a literal mouth -- eyes and a snout included, with sharp, intimidating fangs. It may have stirred fear in some, but the only emotion I felt was one of paralyzing, giddy excitement. It was all I could do to continue moving forward.

Nova wrung his tail between his paws. "O-okay."

"We'll be okay." Myst smiled.

Nova gave her an apprehensive look. "H-how do you know?"

"Because you'll protect me." She grinned, nuzzling his snout with her own.

"Alright! What are we waiting for?" Static motioned towards the entrance.

"Follow Josh with care. A dark aura surrounds this place..." Mew frowned, still strapped to my wrist.

"I also feel uneasy, Josh." Skarr frowned. "Is it wise to release us here? I, for one, won't be much use on my feet."

"I imagine the cave will open up more, once we're inside." I answered.

Skarr nodded. "Mmmm."

I took my first step into the cave. Our footsteps echoed loudly though the cave, like we were a small but invincible army. "Through our trials, we were tested. Through our journey, we were made into a team. We were forged together. I couldn't ask for a better team."

"D'awwww." Skarr smiled. Myst elbowed him hard beneath the wing, and he winced. Our footsteps seemed smaller somehow.

"I'm serious. I know, as long as we stick together, we'll never-" Suddenly, the cave was pitch black. "Nova? A little help here?"

Silence.

"Nova? Static? Skarr? Myst? Hello?"

Nothing.

"Anyone?"

"...anyone...?" The Cave echoed back, mockingly.

"I'm still here." Mew responded. I breathed a quick sight of relief, and shoved my hand in my pocked, holding on tightly to the watch. "But I don't feel the presence of the others anymore, Josh."

I leaned against the wall, waiting for the flurry of thoughts in my mind die down. "W-we'll find each other. Whatever trick or test this is, we'll pass."

"Through hell and back again." Mew nodded.

"Where do you know that from?"

"I don't." Mew giggled. "You do."

###

(Nova POV)

"As long as we stick together, we'll never-"

Silence. Sickening, horrifying, silence.

"Josh!" I screamed, whirling around with my tiny light, trying to catch sight of my trainer. My wing clipped a wall, and I winced. "Myst!"

"...Anyone...?"

*361*2014-01-15 18:30

(Skarr POV)

"As long as we stick together, we'll never-"

Gone. Gone like time; precious moments slipping out of your control.

I whirled around, but met only blackness. Without Nova’s light, I was blind. I called out, but silence was the only reply.

“Anyone?” I gulped, pleading I wasn’t as alone as I felt.

“It’s been awhile, Sky-Sky.” An entity purred from within the dark. I felt nauseous hearing that voice, and the nickname I had struggled for so long to forget.

I growled, swirling around trying to find the source of the voice. “Where are you?”

“Where do you want me to be?” came her sultry reply.

“Gone!” I charged where I thought she might be, and swung a sharpened wing at the voice, but hit nothing.

“So much spite, Sky-Sky.”

“You broke my heart, you uncontrolled siren!” I swiped again, but missed.

“Siren? Oh, how your words wound me…”

I lunged again, and my wing finally hit flesh. I drove my wing tip further, and plunged my wing deep inside my foe.

“If you wanted to penetrate me, you could’ve just asked.”

“Get off me, you pervert!” I screamed, trying to wrench my wing free. She pulled it further in, and enveloped me in warm goo.

“What ever happened to us, Sky-Sky? There was a time you would beg me never to stop, and now you just want me gone. What happened between us?”

She was up to my neck, nearly drowning me in her liquid form. “I saw you for the monster you were, Ditto.”

She laughed, a horrible, gruesome laugh. “Monster? I simply aim to please. I am a mirror. Is it my fault when I reflected you, you were shown you true colors?”

“I just wanted to be loved!” I struggled against her hold.

“And I just wanted to be your lover. Why do you fight me, Sky-Sky?”

“Because those aren’t the same!” I broke her hold, and slashed her with my poisoned, winged blades. “I craved love, and you craved lust. When I could no longer sate you, you tossed me aside for another! You never even cared!”

“I cared.” I felt something crash against my skull – something hard, and metal. “I cared about myself.”

I winced in pain, and readied myself. “A battle? You knew you could never best me! And poisoned, no less!”

“You can’t poison me, Sky-Sky.” I slashed at the source of the sound, but my wing collided against a hauntingly similar metal wing. “Didn’t your trainer teach you that?”

“You’re sick!”

“You don’t need to agree with me, Sky-Sky. In fact, you don’t even need to be conscious.”

Another strike came from behind me, and collided with the base of my skull. I winced, and prepared myself for battle.

“It won’t be as fun with you knocked out, of course.” Ditto’s sickening laugh echoed through the Cave. “But I’ve had worse…”

###

(Nova POV)

"Hello? Anyone?"

Stay calm, Nova. You can do this. Find the others; they’ll know what to do.

With my paws in a death grip around my tail, I hobbled further into the Cave. It was terrifying. Echoes of other things reverberated through the Cave igniting my imagination with all the horrifying ways I knew I was about to die.

"Hello….?"

Blindness would be better than the meager light that I had. At least with no light, I didn’t have to see the monster kill me. I would have blessed ignorance right up to the point the monster’s jaws were upon me, instead of seeing the monster a moment before it got me. Maybe it would taunt me. Come into and out of the light for a while, just enough so I knew it was there, like toying with its prey. Then, only when I had lost all hope-

"Myst?" I blinked.

A Zoroark whirled around with fright, then faded from existence.

"Wait, Myst! It’s me, Nova! You’re alright! You don’t have to hide!"

“Nova?” An unfamiliar voice echoed.

"M-Myst? Is that you?"

“Yes…” The Zoroark stepped out of its illusion, and stared at me with piercing blue eyes. Suddenly I felt hazy, almost if I was in a dream. Everything was so surreal.

“Why…why are your eyes blue?” I asked, almost in slow motion.

“What color should they be?”

“Red. Your eyes are red, Myst.”

“Then they’ll be red.” And the Zoroark’s eyes turned red, to match Myst’s.

“Like carved rubies…” I mumbled.

“Tell me more about me.” The Zoroark implored.

“You’re…beautiful, and fun. Smart, and…powerful. Brave, in a way I can never be.”

The Zoroark nuzzled against my neck. “We have history, I see.”

“You’re loyal…”

“Yes, that was always a fault of mine.” The Zoroark ran a paw through my coat. “Do you know where I would be, if I wouldn’t be here?”

“No…” I whispered. “I was looking for you.”

“Let’s go find me, alright Nova?”

“Okay…”

###

(Myst POV)

The darkness was no issue for me, of course. The more annoying element was Nova’s light. In complete darkness, I can see fine. Unfortunately, it doesn’t work well in moderate darkness. Nova’s light was distracting, and nearly blinded me when he walked in front.

"As long as we stick together, we'll never-"

How ironic that the second that distraction was gone, I would miss it more than the world.

"Nova!" I called out sharply. "Josh! Static! Skarr!"

No reply.

“Clever!” I shouted out angrily to the stalactites above me. “Divide us, is that your plan? Show yourself, you coward!”

The slow sound of dripping water was my only reply.

“Bastard!” I screamed.

Silence.

I ran deeper into the cave, with my illusions cloaking me like a second skin. My team needed me.

###

(Josh POV)

“Hey Mew?” I spoke aloud.

"Mmm?"

“Do you think it’s odd that we haven’t run into any wild Pokémon? I mean, I’ve heard stories of trainers’ entire teams getting whipped out by incredibly strong Pokémon. Doesn’t it strike you as odd that there hasn’t even been one?”

"No."

“Why not?”

"Because there’s something else here…"

My flashlight was dim, but it was effective enough. I stuck to the left wall – the only sure way to avoid getting lost.

“What do you mean, something else?”

"You felt it too, didn’t you? The aura. Something powerful lurks here."

"Something? You insult me, Creation."

I felt my spine shatter. My ribs collapsed in on themselves, piercing the organs underneath. I crumbled to the floor, my body broken.

I tasted blood.

"Release him at once!" Mew took his original form, and screamed into the blackness.

This voice didn’t roar. This voice didn’t scream, or shout. It was calculating. It was precise. "You don’t know the destruction this human nearly caused, and the destruction he is destined to create."

And it was immeasurably powerful.

"You’re wrong!"

"And what do you know, Nine hundred and seventeen?"

Nine hundred and seventeen…why is that number significant…?

"I know you are not a murderer."

"You mistake my artificial soul for one which has compassion."

I am dying…

"What has this human done to deserve death, brother?"

"After his time masquerading as Darkrai’s apprentice, tensions were arisen with the human leaders. The Ancients attacking humans is, as you know, against the treaty. It took several days to convince them of this trainer’s carelessness incompetence."

"Hardly Josh’s fault! Tensions were arisen because of Darkrai’s previous actions-"

"Awww. You named him."

"W-what?"

"Josh. You named your human. Adorable."

"They were on edge because of Darkrai’s previous transgressions! He could’ve have known about the fragile state of the treaty. He is ignorant of all of the

Ancestor’s communications!"

"As you are ignorant of his knowledge, newborn."

"Stop addressing me as such!"

"Then stop being so naive."

The being stepped out of the shadows, wielding psychic energy at the end of his orbed fingers. Unlike Mew, you could tell by the voice this creature was unmistakably male.

Mewtwo. The leader of the Ancients, and the one who stopped the Great War.

"I see the future, newborn. I see continents burning with the human’s atomic hellfire. I see humans and Pokémon alike oblivious up to the point of their obliteration. Billions of souls whipped out in the blink of our cosmic eye. And I see the single soul responsible." Mewtwo’s gaze fell upon me.

"The treaty isn’t so weak as to have one accident trigger a world war!"

"Do not act as if you remember all the intricacies of the Treaty, newborn. You don’t remember anything from that day, do you?"

"I remember dying for you." Mew spat.

Mewtwo cocked his head with interest. "You remember. Then you know why this human must die."

Mew shone with light, coming within inches of Mewtwo’s face. "Josh is not responsible for the end of the world, brother. I see more than you know. I recall eons before your creation. I recall when I was a mere idea in the mind of Arceus! Before the fate of the world rested on your mind, I was the protector of this fragile marble floating in space!"

"See then, brother! See the future. You know my actions here determine the fate of the world. You know I must kill him, to prevent-"

"Killing him is what sets the events in motion! He is the catalyst! His death is what triggers the investigation! The prosecution! The trap the humans set in motion, that you see coming from light-years away. Your retaliation, and then the war! It all starts here, right now!"

"Your mind is clouded with your feelings for this human."

"And yours is clouded with hate!"

"My interpretation of future events demands that I kill this one. Yours demands that you save it."

"So it would appear."

Mewtwo smiled a tired, knowing smile. "Last time we fought, things did not end well for you."

"I will fight you until my last breath, then I will return to resume."

"How many times did I kill you?"

"Three hundred and ninety-two." Mew spat.

"You are very resilient."

"You are very mortal. I do not have such restrictions."

"My mortality was the cost of having as much power as I possess. You are a slow, ever burning fire. I am an inferno – short lived, but fierce, and unforgiving." Mewtwo turned to face me again.

"You risk my wrath once more, brother?"

"No." Mewtwo turned from me, and gave Mew a haunting smile. "No. Proving this human’s ill intentions will be far simpler then killing you another three hundred and ninety-two times, dear brother…"

*364*2014-01-23 05:54

(fifty thousand views? Oh my gosh guys, you make me feel like I'm special or something! I love every single one of you! X3 *hugs*)

(Myst POV)

I was being watched. I felt it in my fur, the way it raised uneasily on my spine. I turned around slowly, feeling naked despite my illusion.

She made a mistake though. Light is almost impossible to mask, and in absolute darkness it shone like a torch.

“Par’thuanji.” the sociopath scoffed. “It’s been too long.”

“Good to see you’ve been well, Ethpa.” I growled. “How’s the old tribe?”

“Well enough without me, I’m sorry to say. Something about treason, and my questionable morality of sending you on your free cruise trip.”

“Oh yes. Well, the bag wasn’t too hard to chew myself out of. The real bitch was the drugs. You must’ve been a talented chief for me not to taste them”

“My own special blend, of course. Nasty side effects, though. You haven’t had any muscle weakness, have you?”

I froze.

“Don’t worry. Typically side effects don’t develop unless you’ve taken a lot of this particular poison. You would’ve had to start taking it since birth. Plus, you would have a list of other symptoms, like nausea, reddening of the eyes…”

“You fed me poison as a cub?” I threw off my illusion to glare at her with my poisoned, scarlet eyes. “What vendetta could you possibly have against a newborn!?”

“Your lineage was a danger to my leadership.” The glowing light came closer, and I readied myself to attack. “I would’ve killed you outright, but I was already under scrutiny from the others. I thought a slower working poison would be best, but I underestimated the dose. Still though, knowing my foe has an obvious weakness is better than-”

I charged at the light. Ethpa’s illusion was shattered, and she barely managed to jump out of the way. Nova stood next to her, eyes glazed with compliance.

“Nova?” I blinked, momentarily distracted. Ethpa smashed her foot into my chest, sending me crashing against the cave floor. “Augh!”

“Go on, get up.” Ethpa taunted. I growled at her from the cave floor, struggling to contact and sit up in the way I always knew I never could. “Hah. You look so adorably pitiful. I’ll come by later to kill you, but I’ll start with killing your friends first. Maybe I’ll even use your boy-toy here to help me. Isn’t that right, Nova?” Ethpa stroked Nova’s chin with a cruel claw.

“Don’t touch him!”

“Oh? I don’t think you’re in a position to order me around, Par’thu. Why don’t you just beg Nova to remember? Recall all the good times you’ve had together?”

“And you wonder why the tribe abandoned you.” I spat.

“See, now that hurts. Fine, if you insist, I’ll just get started.” Ethpa frowned, her ice blue eyes flashing red. “Nova, dear? Besides me, whom do you care for most in our little group?”

“Josh.” Nova droned soullessly. “He saved me…cares for me…”

“Good. Now we have a starting point.” Ethpa purred, strolling away, taking my light with her.

###

(Static POV)

A light. It was faint, but it was there. I ran up to it, entranced by its odd, alien beauty. I was scared I’d be trapped in the dark forever.

I could finally see my paws, though they were grey in the scarce light. I found a chamber that opened up into the night sky. A sea of stars, and just the hint of a new moon.

It had been so long, since that night I bobbed in the sea. The night I fought with Overdose, and the night he broke my muzzle. The night I cried into merciless sand, and the night I made peace with Death.

It felt strange, looking at the same stars, the same moon. I felt calm, tranquil. As if everything would be okay, in the end.

Is this what Josh sees when he looks at the stars?

“Hello, Static.”

My blood chilled in my veins, and I felt my heart nearly stop in my chest. Of course it would be him. Waiting to get me alone, to finish what he started. Just as quickly as it chilled, my blood ignited hot, hotter than I had ever felt before. I wasn’t scared. I wasn’t upset, or sad, or reminiscent.

I was angry.

And I refused to be Overdose’s victim.

Before he could blink, my foot was colliding with the side of his skull. He reeled back far too slowly, opening himself up for a punch to the gut. I hurled him against the wall, and sent every bolt of electricity into him I had.

“What are you doing here!?” I demanded, smashing him into the wall again.

“Take your time…” he groaned, staring at me with tired, emerald eyes. Emeralds that had been smashed and placed back together in a way that took out their sheen, and stole the light they should have refracted. Dark emeralds, shattered and worn.

“Why aren’t you fighting back? Why are you letting me win?” My voice shook with insecurity as I slammed him into the wall once more.

“Because you deserve this. Do whatever you will with me – I won’t resist.”

I tossed him to the ground, confused and disoriented. “What are you doing, Overdose? Shouldn’t you be at some mental hospital somewhere!?”

“Oxygen.”

“What?”

He panted, pushing himself off the ground. “My name is Oxygen now. I…I changed it.”

He was bruised, and bleeding. He wasn’t taking damage like he should’ve been. I was hurting him.

I didn’t trust him, but deep down, I felt bad for hurting him. “Why’d you change your name?”

He laughed a little, and sat on the ground. “I was at the hospital awhile, Sniv. Humans – they hook you up to stuff. They tell you numbers and statistics about you, you know?”

“Yeah, Josh does the same thing. Except with attacks, and math stuff.”

Overdose nodded. “Yeah, exactly, except with doctors it’s…stuff that’s inside you. Blood and…organs and stuff. They helped me but I hated them, except for this one nurse…” His eyes glazed, and he stared at the floor. “She was beautiful. She helped me.”

I frowned suspiciously. “What do you mean?”

His emerald eyes spilled over into his muzzle, coating a scar, and dribbling off his cheek. “One of the others told me…I could off myself by blowing bubbles into my I.V. – the little thing that humans use to put healing stuff in your blood.”

“Off yourself?”

“You know.” Overdose made a motion with his hand, like flicking off a light. “Forever.”

“What happened?”

“She stopped me. I yelled, I cried, I told her how I was completely evil and horrible and how I deserved to die, but…” Overdose smiled weakly.

“She saved you?”

“She said that I couldn’t be completely evil.” Overdose stared longingly at the moonlit floor. “Over half of me is water.”

I smiled, despite myself. It was too absurd. “What?”

“Then, she told me to take a deep breath, because some of me is air, too.” Overdose smiled. “I can’t be completely anything. I’m made up of a million tiny things – blood, iron, water…oxygen. Ever since, I kept the name. It…keeps me sane. Reminds me that I’m not who I was, and…there’s always something good inside me.” He smiled weakly. “Even if it is just air.”

“How did you get here?”

“Honestly, I wanted to find you.” He shrugged, collapsing on the smooth, rock floor, and placing a paw behind his head. “I was released from the MeadowCenter Facilities just a few days ago. Today I felt something want to pull me here. It said I would find you. I didn’t resist.”

“Why did you want to find me?”

Overdose covered his face. “I don’t know. So you could kill me? So you could get your revenge? So we could be even, and you could know I’m never going to hurt you again? So you could end the monster I-”

“I forgive you.”

Oxygen turned to me and blinked, then gave a little laugh. “What?”

“I forgive you. That’s why you came, isn’t it?”

“You don’t have to trick me to kill me.” Oxygen spread his arms wide. “I’m not going to fight it. Two weeks, and my doses wear off, forever. Two weeks, and I begin to heal from what I put my body through. I’m effected like humans until then. Every punch hits me. You can kill me with your attacks.”

“I don’t want to kill you.”

“You don’t know me.” I smirked, offering him a paw.

Oxygen shook his head. “What I did…you can’t forgive that.”

“I choose to forgive it anyway.”

“Sniv…”

“Static. Call me Static.”

I had never seen him cry before. It was weird. I dreamed about killing this guy, shoving my paw though his skull, or kicking him off a cliff. Ending him, forever. But…it wasn’t right. I saw something better in him now, a broken soul seeking redemption.

Who was I to take that away?

Oxygen took my paw, and he stood up. “I don’t know…how to thank you.”

“Help me find my trainer.” I nodded at the darkness. “We’ll get out of here together.”

###

{{: 

Oooh, even more story! Great, I was needing something to do.

Anyway, have you ever considered trying to write a book? Personally, I think you have the talent for it, and I'm quite sure others agree.

}}

(Gonna make me blush :3. I'm graduating soon in Game Writing, Game Development, and Game design, actually. I finished me first Interactive Novel the other day, and I hope to be releasing the other soon. Er'rything's free, just trying to get a name for myself for now. :3)

Like me on facebook please oh my god I'll love you forever

*366*2014-01-30 04:36

It was interesting having a new vantage point in my prone, helpless state. Now that I had a larger neck, I could tilt it, and watch as my stomach disobeyed my instructions to contract, just a little, so I could stop lying on my back like a newborn.

Get up. Get up! GET UP!

“Damn you, Ethpa!” I growled, smashing my fist against the cave floor. Yet, through my rage, a single coherent thought bubbled up.

I have hands.

I can touch the floor with my right hand.

I can roll over.

I can roll over.

I pushed off with my right claw, and rolled onto my stomach. My legs instinctively kicked at just the right moment, and I sprung to standing.

I did it.

My weakness no longer hinders me.

Time to save the rest, and repay Ethpa for all the kindness she’s shown me.

Silent as a shadow I dashed forward, cloaked in the caring hands of my illusions.

The feeling of my foot colliding against the back of her head was delightful, but what was better was the sound. Not only did it thwack appropriately, but it reverberated over and over, boasting my success throughout the cavern.

“Argh” Ethpa screamed, flying forward and crashing onto the ground. Her illusion vanished around her, leaving a dopey looking Nova standing to her side.

“Nice. Good to know you still have the honor of attacking your foe’s back.”

“Honor is a tool created by the twisted to gain an advantage on the foolish.” I smirked.

“A protégé after my own heart.” She grinned a tired grin, and flicked her wrist. “Nova, would you do the honors of finishing this little impostor?”

“Okay…” Nova turned to me, his claws phasing to shimmering rainbow. He looked adorable as always, even in his brainwashed, vacant-eyed form.

His first strike went wide, and I was able to duck under it and press myself against his chest.

“Death wish much?” Ethpa cackled as Nova glared, and attempted to gut me with both claws.

I kissed him hard, harder than I ever had before. It was easier now – other times I felt inadequate or off-put at the concept of such outward displays of affection. It was most likely due to the circumstances, mostly both of our lives in danger and the fact he most likely wouldn’t remember this. In time I would come clean, of course, but for now I enjoyed my secrets.

His tongue was confused, but warm. Wet, in the best, most desirable way.

“You plan to win him back through romance? You’re adorable.” Ethpa purred.

“No, I’m just brainwashing him deeper then you are.” I smirked, digging into his vacant eyes with my own, and pouring my will into his soul.

“What!? You can’t overcome my enchantment! And you risk hurting your lover!”

“I believe in him.” I pressed the tip of my forehead to his own, sealing the pact. “Nova, dear, do you mind finishing off my dear friend Ethpa here?”

“Of course.” Nova nodded slowly, brandishing his multicolored claws.

“Nova! It’s me, Myst! Your partner!” Ethpa squealed, backing away.

“You’re no partner of mine.” Nova roared, releasing a torrent of flame from his jaws. Ethpa collapsed on the floor, next to a partially melted stalagmite.

I wrapped my arms lazily around his neck, and smirked. Ah, if only I could do this when he was arguably conscious.

Nova wobbled slightly, and I released him.

“…I don’t feel good.” Nova sighed, eyes half closed.

“Bear with me one moment longer, love. It’ll be over soon.” I smiled at the word ‘love’. Had I ever used it before?

I strutted over to Ethpa, who was out cold. I opened her eyes with a paw, and stared deeply into them, forcing my will over her own.

‘You found me, and killed me.’ I forced the thought into her mind. ‘There was no one else here. Your bloodlust is now gone. You wish to start a new tribe, elsewhere, where you will not be the leader.’ I smiled to myself.

“Myst?”

“Coming.” I stood up, and walked over to Nova.

“I don’t like this place…” He frowned, gazing half-heartedly at the stone.

“We can leave.” I nodded.

“...Can you fix me?”

His little squeaky voice broke my heart. “Absolutely. Let’s just get out of here first, okay?”

“Okay…”

###

(Sorry for the shorter chap -- Getting back to college and such! Expect more next time :3)

*367*2014-02-06 05:01

(Skarr POV)

“Never…thought you could match my endurance…Sky-Sky…” Ditto wheezed, holding her side with a wing. “Why don’t you attack!? Why don’t you strike me? Why don’t you get what you desire?”

I stood immaculately at full health, daring her to strike me again. “You never could stand against me.”

“I am you! I’m an exact copy!” She Struggled against me again, smashing her wing badly against my exterior. “Exact! Your power, your ferocity…!” She struggled once more, crunching her neck at an odd angle. “Everything…” She panted, trying to stay conscious.

“Not my patience.” I smashed her with my wing, and she landed unconscious on the floor, melding back into her original form in a puddle of pink flab. “You could take my form, but I don’t think you knew anything about me. Maybe you’re right, and maybe I’m too slow to act upon my own interests, but it is a vice far too etched in steel to-”

“Skarr!” Someone shouted in the cave. I whirled around to see Nova waving happily, crushing me with a hug. “Oh! I was so scared! Do you know where Josh is?” Myst stood behind him happily, her tail flicking back and forth.

“Nova.” I blinked. “No, um, I don’t. I was separated, and found an…old foe.”

Myst grinned. “So did we. Love and friendship prevails, and all of that.”

“Hardly.” I scoffed. “I’m just made for defense, so stalling her out-”

“Yes, yes!” Myst waved me off. “We need to find the others! If this cave is testing us by bringing our foes, we need to help Josh and Static!”

“And Mew.” Nova whispered quietly. “What monsters do you think lurk in his past?”

###

(Josh POV)

"In that timeline he doesn’t even possess the ability of telekinesis!"

"He would gain it from under the tutelage of Darkrai, during his hospital stay after he underwent a near lethal exposure of the poison."

"That doesn’t explain the poison’s occurrence in the first place – Josh wasn’t poisoned, so that entire timeline is rendered moot!" Mew shouted, waving his arms accusatorily at the hanging lines in the air, each describing different, conflicting events through space-time.

‘Why haven’t I died yet?’ I wondered hazily, watching the blood drain from my body. Ironically, nothing actually hurt, it just felt numb and terribly wrong. Like the second you hear your bone snap, but before you feel it, or the second you see the bone protrude from the skin, but don’t quite feel the horrendous pain.

"Incorrect." Mewtwo moved two of the strands apart. "The timeline will resurge now, with this human, unless he is stopped."

"You are causing the resurgence of the timeline by interfering with this one! By killing Josh, you are guaranteeing this timeline’s intersection!"

"You misunderstand-"

"No! You misunderstand! Your events here, right now, will cause absolute devastation, not to mention the death of this innocent human."

Mewtwo scowled. "No human, anywhere, is innocent."

I could move my hand, and my shoulder. My arm was fractured terribly, but I could still move three of my fingers on my right hand, thumb included. I winced, pushing my hand down my side.

Mew’s eyes began to glow. "Your hatred threatens this world, Mewtwo."

"Your love for this being is what threatens the world. Make no mistake Mew," Mewtwo thrust out his palm, and captured Mew in a transparent blue orb. "You cannot stop me. I can only attempt to make you understand."

"You bastard!" Mew screamed, smashing his fists against the mental prison. "You’ll die! You’ll die before you’ll see the destruction you are destined to cause!"

"Are so committed to your logical fallacies that you would murder me, Brother?"

"You would kill this innocent human before even letting him speak!"

Mewtwo sighed, and pointed a finger at me. "Speak, then."

I cleared my throat, wincing as some blood made itself up as well. “I don’t intend on causing any harm-”

Mewtwo silenced me with a flick of his wrist. "This is absurd. Humans lie, constantly. We can’t derive the truth from this."

“You want the truth, Mewtwo?” I wheezed, glaring at him from the floor. He turned to me, with an amused expression. “I think we’re a lot alike. We’ve both accomplished a lot, though-” I coughed again, and more blood spilled from my lips. “-though yours is obviously more important, wars and all. I came from a home where I wasn’t really supported, and you came from…well, not the best starting place either.”

"Tortured and mutilated to life by humans, yes, I recall."

“Yet despite this, you choose to do good. You ended the war. You helped bring peace between Pokémon and humans, a peace that has lasted over forty years.”

"I was forced into making the treaty by humans. Your race simply killed without discrimination. You didn’t care who you hit, as long as you hit them hard. Ecosystems destroyed, billions killed. It was so terrible I had no choice but to relent."

“Boundless good, stopping a terrible war, and boundless evil, killing thousands and reducing cities to ash.”

"What is your point, human?"

“You do what you see as necessary, and I respect that.”

"You think you can win me over with flattery?"

“No. I think I’ll win you over by doing something equally necessary.” I grabbed the Masterball off my belt and smashed it onto the floor, unlocking the nightmare within.

###

(Myst POV)

“It’s Static!”

“And…is that Overdose?”

“I can’t tell; he’s too far away.”

“It’s definitely a Raichu…I think.”

I squinted, my illusion masking our presence in the darkness of the Cave. Per my instruction, Nova had attempted to dim his tail. To my surprise, he was moderately successful, and hid most of the excess light in his wings.

“That’s definitely Overdose.” I confirmed.

“What do we do?” Nova whispered.

“And why is Static willingly traveling with him?” Skarr noticed.

“He must be under a compulsion, like you were, Nova.” I nodded. “Let’s hit Overdose hard and fast. He has a lot of experience on us, but if we do this correctly we can get a hit on him before he knows what’s happening. Ready?”

“Absolutely!” Skarr nodded, and we all charged at once.

###

(Static POV)

“Now, at first I was all ‘No, plays are stupid, why would we ever want to do that’, right?”

“Yeah, it just seems kind of dumb. Why not watch a movie?” Oxygen nodded sympathetically.

“Exactly! But Josh was all poetic and whiny about it, so I we tried out and actually got pretty good roles. And it was…oddly fun. Pretending to be someone else, and having their-”

“Urk!” Oxygen suddenly cried, flying backwards and skidding against the cave floor. Something invisible slammed against his side, and he went spiraling into the air.

“Wait, guys! He’s with me!” I yelped, waving madly. Oxygen stopped moving, and just hovered oddly in the air.

“Nova! Static’s under a compulsion, remember? You don’t listen to him!” Myst’s voice hissed.

“Oops, sorry.” Nova’s apologetic voice echoed behind Oxygen. Oxygen stopped hovering and fell to the floor ungracefully.

“Stop! He’s not the enemy!” I raced towards overdose, and shielded him with my paws. “Seriously! Stop attacking!”

Myst materialized out of thin air. “Static, you’re obviously brainwashed-”

“You’re brainwashed!” I retorted.

In retrospect, it wasn’t the most well thought out comeback.

Myst groaned. “Static, move aside.”

“No! I won’t let you hurt him!”

“Static.” Oxygen winced, pushing himself up. “They won’t believe you. Let me talk to them.”

I gave him a skeptical look, but allowed him to stand and walk over to Myst.

“Sorry, I don’t believe we’ve met.” Oxygen bowed, more than a bit awkwardly.

“The pleasure’s mine.” Myst rolled her eyes. “Remind me why we’re not at your throats?”

###

“And that’s why I choose the name Oxygen. It keeps me…anchored, when things get too…too much.”

“Wow.” Nova hugged the scared Raichu. “I had no idea. I’m so sorry.”

“Don’t be. You didn’t do anything wrong; I was a monster back then, and you were just trying to protect your friend. I’m just…trying to make up for my past. As much as I can, anyway.”

“I think you’re full of shit.” Myst spat.

Oxygen shrugged. “I mean, I wouldn’t believe me either, but I am telling the truth.”

“Hmmm.” Myst snorted, tossing her hair back.

“In any case, we can talk while looking for your trainer. If you still want to stab me in the back, we can do that while walk-” An explosion interrupted him, shaking the cave itself and making stalactites crumble from the ceiling.

“That way!” I shouted, and Myst cloaked us in illusion as we raced forward towards the source.

###

(Josh POV)

"Well, well, well…" Darkrai cackled, appearing out of spiraling blackness. "Oh, how good it feels to feel. To exist. To be."

"Foolish human!" Mewtwo screamed, throwing a ball of prismatic energy at the black aberration. "What have you done!?"

Darkrai took the full force of the hit, grinned. "A battle of the ancients, Mewtwo. No limits, and no restrictions. Take it in. embrace it." Darkrai took a deep breath, and shadows enveloped the room, save for two glowing, red eyes. "You know what being in that pokeball felt like? The status, the dreamless state?"

"I command you to die!" Mewtwo threw another ball of energy, missing terribly and obliterating a stalactite on the floor.

"It felt like nothing. Just like your mind, Mewtwo. When I was just an idea, lurking inside your conscious mind. When I was but a nightmare of your tortured soul!"

"Josh!" a female voice shook my consciousness. I turned to see the air shimmer behind me, just a vague hint at what lay beneath.

"We’re here!"

"All of you?"

"Yeah! What can we do?"

We can still make it out of this. We’re together. We can still live.

"Stay hidden. Wait until you see an opening, then take it." I nodded.

"I have the humans to thank for consciousness," Darkrai continued. "The way they tore us apart, mind from host, but I have you to thank for that spark, Mewtwo. I am your fear, your pain, and suffering, and I will be your End."

"Die, spirit!" Mewtwo thrust another ball of orange energy, lighting up the darkness and smashing a whole in the wall. Darkrai cackled as the shadows swirled faster on the walls, reaching out and badly slicing the once grand Ancient. "You’re nothing more than a ghost of my might!"

"I’m much more than a ghost Mewtwo, and you’re about to see just how real I am." Darkrai appeared out of one of the walls and smashed Mewtwo with a wave of black energy, sending him flying in the air. Mewtwo retaliated by throwing another orange ball, just as Darkrai went in for the kill. The ball smashed straight inside Darkrai’s chest and exploded outward, obliterating him and causing a massive crater in the ground itself.

"…I did it." Mewtwo blinked at his hands with bewilderment. "I…I killed Darkrai."

"And I have the honor of knocking out an Ancient." Myst grinned a massive smile, and decked the back of Mewtwo’s head.

*372*2014-02-13 03:40

"I commend you for actually connecting the hit," Mewtwo winced, levitated Myst in front of him with a bluish black aura. "But I always assumed your race was more …intelligent…then dictated by your previous actions."

"Don’t just hold me here!" Myst growled, struggling against his telekinetic hold. "If you’re going to hurt me, then hurt me! Do it, your miserable excuse for a functioning Mew!"

"If you insist." Mewtwo flecked his wrist, and Myst screamed as an illusion dug its way out of her flesh and disappeared into the air. With another careless gesture, her body slammed against the cave wall, and slumped to the floor.

"Myst!" Nova cried, hiding behind a stalagmite.

"How many must be harmed in the futile attempt to save this human?" Mewtwo sneered, trapping Nova in a field of energy. Suddenly, a blur of chrome sliced at Mewtwo’s side, cutting a deep purple scar into already bruised, bleeding flesh. Mewtwo roared and blindly tossed a sphere of dark orange, crashing into the blur of steel and causing it to crumble to ground.

"Skarr!" Nova cried. His eyes shone white with anger, and he sliced through the telekinetic barrier, tackling Mewtwo with his rage. Skarr slowly pushed himself to standing, wincing as smoke trailed off his wings.

I felt better. With every strike Nova made, my bones didn’t feel as fragile, and my insides stabilized.

Am I…am I alright?

Static dove in, forgetting all the lessons and training we had done so long in favor of simply biting Mewtwo’s tail as hard as he could, and pouring every ounce of electricity he had into the Ancient. A Raichu came out of somewhere and bashed into him with a Volt Tackle, allowing Nova to gain leverage and slice Mewtwo badly across the face. Mew finally disintegrated the telekinetic sphere around him, and fell to the floor eager to join in the fight.

"Insolence!" Mewtwo boomed, grabbing the Raichu by its tail with a telekinetic fist, and swirling it around like a mace. He smashed the Raichu into Nova and Static, knocking them both backward and disorienting them. He then swung the Raichu even faster, and with sickening wet tearing sound, his tail tore off, and his body was flung against the wall.

"Everyone! Stop attacking separately! Combine your strongest attacks and hit him for one final shot!"

"Gladly." Mew growled, the sound of an old vendetta burning within his ageless voice.

"Not you." I ordered, and conveyed an entirely different set of instructions.

Mew blinked, shocked. "I…I did not consider that possibility."

"That’s why we’re a team. Now, go!"

“Cha!” Static exclaimed, lightning streaking out of his cheeks. At the same time, the lights dimmed as the Raichu sucked in a deep breath and blasted out a brilliant beam of white. Skarr dove at Mewtwo with all the speed he could muster, and Nova let lose a torrent of fire. Mewtwo threw up a telekinetic shield at the last moment, but it began to crack and splinter with the force of the combined attacks.

"ENOUGH!" Mewtwo screamed, exploding the barrier outward. With a bloody palm, he motioned towards Nova and choked him with a fierce mental grip, and thrust him at Skarr, knocking them both out. He grabbed Overdose – What is OVERDOSE doing here!? – and squeezed him like a tube of toothpaste, causing blood to spray out of the base of his torn tail, and bashed him against Static, leaving them both unconscious.

Mewtwo turned to me. I was standing, but barely. My nose bled freely, a result of my pathetic human will making an attempt at freedom against the strongest mind the universe has ever known.

"There will be tales told of this day." He growled in a raspy tone. "The day that, despite all odds, despite all the horrors and evils this world has inflected upon me, I managed to save it. How I killed you, Darkrai, and all of your followers, singlehandedly. How you all died, alone and broken, and how all your efforts failed."

"All his plans but one." Darkrai cackled musically, appearing from my shadow and giving Mewtwo a quirky, terrifying smile.

###

"What!?"Mewtwo cried, instantly summoning another orange sphere. The sphere flickered and faded from view, and Mewtwo blinked, unprepared and bewildered.

"It would be a shame if you were out of Focus Blasts, and had to resort to fighting me with your mind. Or, your fists rather. Those would be more effective."

"M-Mew!? You took on Darkrai’s form?" Mewtwo backed against the wall, his eyes growing wide. Cuts and bruises adorned his muscular frame, and he looked weary, weakened, and terrified.

"You fear Darkrai more than me. How intriguing." Mew let a streak of darkness, tearing at Mewtwo’s core.

"Aaaaugh!" He recoiled, clutching his chest. "N-no! Not like this!"

"Three hundred," The Mew-Darkrai smiled cruelly, letting out another blast of black. "And ninety two times, you killed me. You struck me down. Do you know how exhausting it is to die, over and over again? Important details obliterated, memories lost to the relentless tides of time?"

"P-please." Mewtwo begged, all the strength leaving his voice.

"My only regret is that you can only die once. You can never know my pain, but you will know Death. Everlasting, endless darkness." Mew grabbed Mewtwo in a pitch black aura, slowly draining the life out of the once near-invulnerable Ancient. Mewtwo went under, and slowly, his life began to wane.

“Stop.”

The Darkrai turned to me, and gave me a queer expression. "What?"

“Transform back, and stop it.” I ordered. “We’ve won. It’s over.”

The Darkrai levitated over to me, piercing me with its dark, hollow red eyes. "You will not halt my vengeance. Justice shall be wrought from the blood of my adversary."

“From the blood of your brother.”

The Darkrai stopped for a moment, and his eyes flickering blue. "T-that is irrelevant-"

“Born from your DNA, the only copy of you you may ever have.”

"H-he…" The Darkrai doubled over and melded into pink fur, then hugged me fiercely. "N-no! He deserves to die! He couldn’t listen to me, he was mean, illogical, blinded by emotions-"

“And what are you?”

Mew shook, and cried softly into his tail. I staggered over to my pokemon, and returned each to their Pokeballs. I paused for a moment at Overdose, as he slowly bled out at the tip of his torn tail.

Well, I didn’t kill him then, and I suppose I won’t leave him to die now. Plus, for whatever reason, he did risk his life for us. In the very least I can safely transport him back to the mental facility in a Pokeball.

With a flash of light, he accompanied me as well.

"I wanted to kill him." Mew spoke softly, shaking. "I wanted to hurt him. To make him suffer; to hurt him like he hurt me."

“Hate is a powerful emotion. I didn’t want to-”

"I don’t hate him!" Mew exclaimed, shaking with tears. "In a world full of life and wonder, I am ALONE. Everyone has their duo, their pair, to which they can love and feel kinship. Image my joy and wonder that humans could make my pair with science. Image my curiosity, and the feeling in my ageless heart as I contemplated the idea of, for once, not being alone."

I stood, immobilized with heart-wrenching realization.

"Then imagine my disappointment…when they came up with this. He…he is so close. The humans were on the cusp of creating my opposite, my pair, the one that I could spend the eons with in companionship and harmony, but instead…they befouled my creation…"

“You loved him.”

Mew paused, taking a shaky breath. "No. I loved what he could become. I realized I could fix him. I realized I could heal him of his deformities and pain, his mortality, but I could never change his mind. When I realized he was so susceptible to hate, when I realized his power and anger at his creators…" he shook, and I grabbed him in a fierce hug. "I-I couldn’t do it. Image him, immortal. Image him, his hate, his wrath, forever. I-I couldn’t justify it. B-but I can’t, I can’t go on forever alone, not when I was so close, not when I had hope, hope against the eternal tides of loneliness."

For a while, I just let him cry. I let him cry for the millennia of isolation he had suffered though, and the centuries of cold, quiet desolation.

I never thought of life as a burden.

"Y-you’re hurt." He sniffed, after a moment.

I smiled weakly, and held my side. “A little. How about we make it out of this cave, and I get you the biggest tub of ice cream you’ve ever seen?”

He laughed lightly, filling the air with his sad but sentimental amusement. "I-I’ll take you up on that, Josh. Thank you."

"Don’t mention it." I smiled, leaning heavily against his side.

*374*2014-02-20 05:58

“You s-should transform. You’ll be conspicuous-”

"Are you sure you’re alright? We’ve come a long way; your body is showing signs of fatigue and strain."

“I’ll be fine. Just a few more steps.”

Mew wrapped himself around my wrist, and once again adopted the form of my strange, backwards watch.

A grand, massive, multi-structured glossy red building staggered over us, overwhelming me with gratitude and awe. Only a small number of people had ever made it out of the Cave, and a smaller number still had the privilege of making it into the poke center on the top of the world. It was a misnomer of course; there were much taller mountains all across the world, but none in Kanto were harder to trek then the Cave.

I had made it. No, we had made it. I pressed my hand on the automatic door, leaning against in heavy as my breath fogged the glass. No more condescending remarks of how ‘I had just started my journey’. No more condescension from trainers more experienced then I, because now, I was one of the most experienced trainers. Best of the best. I had survived, and I was about to prove my worth to all of Kanto by defeating the Elite Four.

The door slid open, and I limped inside. Four of the staff stopped what they were doing to give me a bug-eyed expression of incredulity and surprise. In their career, it was doubtful more than one or two people had made it out of the caves alive.

“Move!” One of the more experienced nurses ordered, pushing some staff member’s aside and running to grab a hospital bed. Two more nurses grabbed and steadied me on both sides to keep me from falling.

“Are you alright, sir?” One of the nurses asked. She was smaller than the others, wide-eyed and fearful.

“Well enough.” I realized I likely looked like death, with my shirt stained red, and my lips covered in cracked, dried blood. The nurse from earlier wheeled the bed behind me, and pushed me lightly onto it.

“First…” I croaked and unclipping my belt, handing my Pokémon off to the wide-eyed nurse, “Heal them. Most just need rest, but the Raichu lost his tail. He isn’t mine, and…”

“We’ll fix everything, sir. Just lay back.” The nurse ordered shakily, wheeling me into the first available room. Another nurse took my Pokémon to another station, presumably to be healed. The nurse wasted no time hooking me up to an IV and getting my pulse and vitals checked. She stared guiltily for a moment, before once again looking at the monitors.

“Alright, everything’s good to go. You have some bruising and light internal bleeding, but with some rest, you’ll be okay.”

“Are you okay?”

The doctor flinched at the question, looking unnerved. “I-I’m fine.” She gave me an unsure, nervous glare. “Now, get some rest.”

I tried to ask more, but my body felt paralyzed and heavy. I fell onto the bed, with my eyes slowly closing without my permission.

"Sleep, Josh. You are wounded."

"Mew…no, wait-"

"Sleep. The answers you seek will be there when you are conscious yet again."

The effect wasn’t unyielding and demanding like Mewtwo’s, but it rendered the same effect. Exhausted from fighting, my will dissolved into nothingness, and I floated into blissful sleep.

###

I held my head firmly, rubbing my eyes with disbelief. "You want to what?"

Everyone was in a circle, staring at Static dubiously. Static growled a bit, and motioned Nova, Myst, Skarr, and myself to take a few steps back. "Okay, we don’t have a sixth, right? Oxygen did help us in the fight, and he’s a powerful pokemon. We’re at the Elite Four; I say we cut our losses and use him as our sixth."

"Um, that seems like a super bad idea."

"You are completely devoid of reason."

"You know he tried to kill you, right? Twice?"

I sighed, and cleared the air. "Moral issues aside, we already have an electric type on our team: you. We don’t need another, especially one in the exact same evolutionary line."

"But it can’t hurt, right? We don’t NEED him, but he would only be a help! We don’t have a sixth – even a low level would be better than nothing, and Oxygen’s a higher level than us all!"

Technically, he was right.

"Okay then, not putting moral issues aside." I groaned. "He tried to kill you, Static. He almost succeeded."

"He said he was sorry!" Static whined.

"That doesn’t resolve the issue." I pressed my palm to my face. "Look, more important than power, then endurance and resolve, is heart and trust. I don’t know what’s in his heart, and I don’t think I can ever trust-"

"I trust him." Static nodded confidently.

"Static, even if you believe everything about his time at the hospital, and his so called ‘change’ from Overdose to ‘Oxygen’-"

A slow, timid knock interrupted my thoughts. The door opened, and Oxygen stood awkwardly, with his hand at mid-knock. "Hey. Uh, finally got released from surgery, which is cool. The, uh," Skarr and Myst gave him a cool glare, while Nova and I just looked wary. "The surgeon had to make my tail longer though. Feels a little weird." He grinned nervously, and held his tail in his paws, feeling the slight extension. "Kinda like…well, like my tail grew an inch or two, hah." he shrugged. The room returned his uneasy stare, save for Static.

"We were just talking about you!" Static waved Oxygen over, and with a reluctant wince Oxygen sat by his side. This entire conversation was giving me a headache, and I rubbed my temple accordingly.

"Okay, so let me understand this correctly." I sighed, still rubbing my forehead. "You want to join our team?"

"Temporarily." Oxygen explained. "Static and I talked about it on the way to find you."

"Why?"

Oxygen took a deep breath, and blew it back out slowly. "I was, uh, I was pretty messed up at one point. I don’t really know what makes people as jacked up as I got – maybe it was a bit of what I had gone through as a cub or whatever, I don’t know, but I know some people that do." Oxygen took another breath, to calm his nerves. "The MeadowCenter got me out of a…pretty dark place, and they helped my friend Volt too, but…they don’t do it for, um…" Overdose gave Static a helpless expression. "How do I convey the thought? Berries?"

"Food, or like, money. What humans use to get food."

"That seems complicated, but yeah, food. They don’t get a lot of food out of it, or money, or anything. It’s a…um…"

"It’s a non-profit."

"YEAH!" Oxygen pointed at me, his eyes lighting up. "Yeah, that’s what they called it! And since they don’t earn a lot of food from it, it’s not as nice as it should be. I…I want to change that."

"Oh?"

"I want to sell myself as a Legendary Hunter for profit at the Battle Park. I’m strong and skilled, and I know how to take out something bigger than me. I could help out MeadowCenter – they deserve it. They’re smart and kind, and help messed up people like…like I was."

"Quite a change of heart." Myst hissed from a corner. "If you want to go be a Legend Hunter, what’s stopping you? Go do it. Go be. You don’t need any help from us."

"Well, one problem is getting there." Oxygen answered honestly. "I don’t want a vista. I want to live there, and the only way to do that is to either be a champion, or be related to someone who is. I know I’m strong enough to be an asset to your team, and…I just want to help, I guess. Help you guys, and help MeadowCenter."

"So charitable." Skarr droned from a corner. "We’re to believe, then, that you want to help us, ultimately helping your mental…hospital, or what have you, because of…what? The goodness of your heart?"

"Because, I want to have an impact. I want something to matter, you know?" Oxygen slumped against the wall. "In my short time here, I’ve only managed to really mess stuff up, for a lot of people. Before I…" Overdose drew a shaky breath. "…I want to matter. I want to help people, and do more good than harm."

"Before you what, die?" Skarr rolled his eyes. "What are you, thirty? You still have another good forty years." Static grinded his teeth in sympathy, and

Oxygen winced. "What?"

"A-actually I’m fourteen." Oxygen admitted, biting his tongue. "Three years older than Static."

We all let out a pent-up breath. Fourteen? He should be in his prime for a Raichu, instead of…well, let’s just say thirty was being a bit generous. He looked better than he used to, but he looked bad. Burned, gray fur, and a tired, thousand mile stare.

"They tell me I have about ten, good years left. Maybe thirteen if I lay low, and eat good and…stuff." Oxygen and covered his eyes with a paw and shook.

Static scooted over and hugged the scarred, shaking Raichu.

"I-I don’t w-want t-to die." He choked, shivering on the bed.

We all gave him his space, and digested his words. It would help having a sixth, but was it worth the risk?

###

“And, there are your discharge papers.”

“Thank you very much.”

“Not at all, sir.” The wide-eyed nurse bowed, smiling at me politely. Still, her eyes shone a hint of…fear? Or was that intrigue? It was something I couldn’t identify; a quiet spark of intensity.

“I’ll ask again…are you okay?” I asked. Her eyes almost dug into me, the way they pried with wanting. The nurse looked over her shoulder, then over my own. With a look of extreme urgency, she put her finger to her lips and grabbed me by my collar. She yanked me into an empty room, and swiftly locked the door.

“W-what’s going-”

“What was in it?” She asked, her eyes hungering for knowledge.

“Huh?”

“The Cave.” She was visibly shaking, with her hands held outwards trying to convey the intensity of her emotion. “I’ve worked here for two years, but no one has ever told me. They say they don’t know but they’re lying. I can feel it. I want to know so badly, but we’re not supposed to ask, and no one ever tells. Please.” She pressed her palms together, begging. “I need to know. What drove those men to insanity before the Great War? What is so terrible that it serves as a greater challenge then the Gauntlet of the Eight Gyms? What is inside it? What did you see; what did you experience? It is what they say? Is it living?” Her eyes burned into mine. “I need to know!”

I beckoned her closer. She eagerly placed her ear to my lips, and I could practically feel her curiosity burning off her flesh. I could feel her shaking with questions, and I knew exactly what to say.

“Judgment.” I whispered, the words barely escaping my lips. I then turned, unlocked the door, and walked out.

“Wait!” The nurse screamed after me. “What does that mean? Judgement? What does it signify? Were you judged? Is Arceus still alive? What does it mean? Tell me!”

And I held a finger to my lips, and just smiled.

###

"An entire week!? Josh, we’re right here!" Static squeaked with outrage.

"Static, try to understand."

"Dude we could go face the Elite Four right now. They’re literally right behind that line!" Static jabbed across the red, velvet plastic line that simply begged to be torn. "We could just go around there, and- look! There’s Lance, right there, buying a soda! He’s right there!" Static was shaking, and had a crazed, rabid look. "Why aren’t we challenging him!?"

I held my hands outward in an attempt to explain. "It’s for building teamwork-"

"We’ve been building teamwork for months! This entire journey is about building teamwork! I have teamwork leaking out of my ears! This is stupid, Josh! Let’s go fight the Elite Four right now!"

"If I may?" Skarr gave me a questioning look, and I nodded. "A few days ago, I mentioned that I felt…as if all of our time was divided with Josh and each other, instead of being trained one on one, like we used to."

"So this was your idea." Static growled.

"If I can continue." Skarr growled back. Static gave a huff, but relented. "Although I feel as if Josh is taking my idea to a bit of an extreme, I believe his idea has merit. We can all gain much more expertise fighting for a week straight and getting one-on-one training then we ever could from group training."

"And it doesn’t have to be about training." I nodded at Skarr, and he nodded back. "I’ve pushed you guys hard over the past few weeks, and you guys – all of you – have done amazingly, but pushing you guys isn’t my only job. I’m your trainer yes, but we’re also family, and friends. Maybe you want a week to talk about how you’re feeling," I gave Nova a small nod, and he have me a shy, understanding smirk. "Or watch the sun set over the valley, or anything. Or train! Whatever you guys want to do, this is your time to do it. After this," I held up my hand, and crunched it into a fist. "We face the Elite Four as a team, and show Kanto and the world just what we’re made of!"

"YEAH!" Static cried, pumping his fist into the air. The others followed, cheering with excitement. Through the chaos, I saw a small orange hand wave, trying to get my attention.

"Yeah Nova?"

"Um, does this mean Overdose is going to be on our team?" Nova asked timidly.

I took a slow, deep breath. "He’s going to get a week too, yes. I suppose we’ll see from there."

"Okay." Nova nodded, appeased. Skarr and Myst looked annoyed, but said nothing.

"Alright. Anyone want to go first?"

$$

$$

$$

