Cassie and David: The Lie

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-24 00:34

Cassie served her 1 week of grounding without incident. Shortly thereafter, Cassie was returning home with her mother. She had been to a meeting of her girl scout troop. As they walked up the steps to their house, Cassie spotted her friend David sitting on his steps reading a book. "Mom!" said Cassie, "I’m going over to see David." They stopped on their porch, and Cassie rocked side to side as they stood there. "Okay. Do you need to pee first?" asked Mrs. Smith. "No, Mommy." lied Cassie. "All right then. But, remember what your father said, "Do Not Pee Yourself!" she emphasized the last 4 words. "I won’t Mommy."

"Run along then." Cassie ran off toward David’s house. "Hey David!" she called. "Hi Cassie!" replied David. He looked at her as she stopped and stood on the sidewalk in front of him. She was wearing a girl scout uniform of a jade green skort, matching vest and a white short sleeve polo shirt. On the vest numerous patches and pins were attached.

"I just came from girl scouts," said Cassie as she stepped from foot to foot. "Oh , yeah?" said David. "I’m a Junior Girl Scout, but some day I’m going to fly up and be a Senior Girl Scout. See-th all of the-th-badges I’ve earned," said Cassie. "Wow! That’s a lot!" said David. Cassie crossed her legs and swung from side to side. "I’m in Boy Scouts," said David "One day I’m going to be an Eagle, that’s the highest rank there is -- Do you have to pee or something?"

Cassie had lifted the flap of her skort with her left hand and grabbed her crotch with her right hand and started walking in a circle. Cassie ignored the question and went on about scouts. "In-th-Girl Scouts-th-the highest award-th-is called the-th- Gold Award. Someday-th-I’m going to-th-earn it." she said. Cassie quickly squatted down and pressed her heel against her crotch. After a minute she abruptly stood up, lifted her skort flap with her left hand, and grabbed her crotch with her right hand and began pacing again. "You better go pee," said David, "I don’t want you to get in trouble again."

"I’ve-th-had to pee-th-since before-th-my meeting, and th-I drank-th-four cups-th-of punch there," Cassie said. "I-th-don’t know-th-how much-th-longer-th-I can hold-th-it. Oh!" Cassie suddenly stopped and thrust her other hand against her crotch, squeezing hard as she could with both hands as she grimaced and bent over at the waist.

"OH NO! I PEED MYSELF!" she moaned as pee gushed out around her hands and down her legs, forming a puddle on the sidewalk. Cassie peed and peed for over a minute. She started crying as the flow trickled and stopped. David took Cassie’s hand and led her to her front door. Mrs. Smith answered the doorbell, and frowned when she saw Cassie. "Mrs. Smith, please don’t be mad at Cassie, she had an accident," said David. "Oh Cassie! What did I tell you? Am I going to have to ground you again!"

"I’m sorry, Mommy," said Cassie, "I thought I could  hold it," she sobbed. "Thank you for walking Cassie home, David," said Mrs. Smith. "Cassie come inside and we’ll get you cleaned up. And then I’ll decide what I’m going to do with you!" That night, Cassie sat on the couch in the living room, her mother sitting in an armchair. Cassie waited anxiously, sure she would be punished for pee herself earlier that evening.

"Cassie, honey," started Mrs. Smith, "I’ve noticed you’ve started peeing yourself lately."

"Yes, Mommy."

"Your father, as you are aware, does not approve of such behavior."

"Yes, Mommy."

"My first instinct is to punish you for these wettings," said Mrs. Smith, "However, I’ve decided not to."  Cassie looked up at her mother in surprise. "You see, when I was younger I used to have pee accidents, too." continued Mrs. Smith. "At first, they were real accidents, but then I discovered that I liked to see how long I could hold my pee in." Cassie’s eyes grew as big as saucers. "So I started holding it on purpose. When I met your father, however, I stopped because he didn’t approve of it. So you see, how can I punish you for something I once enjoyed?" asked Mrs. Smith. "So, Cassie, all I’m going to do is ask that you not pee yourself around your father. Okay?"

"Okay, Mommy."

"Go to bed now, dear."

"Goodnight, Mommy."

