Super zero

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-02-20 00:26

I smiled widely as I guided my surfboard across the wave, the purple board sliced through the wave splashing water to my left as I felt my board run across the water as the wave approached shore. I loved the beach I thought as I swerved into a small jump on the wave. Surfing and volleyball were my two fortes and the beach was the perfect place for both.

I felt a twinge in my bladder as I was still around a hundred meters from shore. I nearly lost my footing as the pang startled me. I took a breath as I veered the board into a sort of vert before I released my bladder into my royal blue bikini, which generously showed off my large breasts, curvaceous butt, after all no one could see my urine gush down my long toned legs from this distance, and I would obviously sub-merge myself before coming to shore.

The hot urine felt almost comforting as it contrasted the cold ocean water. I laughed to myself at the feeling as my urine gushed down onto my board and into the ocean. I watched as a head a funnel appeared before me suddenly, it had been threatening to do so my whole time on the wave but I was worried it wouldn’t. I steered into the funnel as the water fell around me from both sides as the urine flow ended.

I felt the board shake from bad footing and for a moment I floated above the board but I landed back on instantly and regained my footing. I giggled, but it was more nervous, the funnel prevented anyone from seeing me fly for a short moment but it was still a scary feeling and that sort of added to the thrill of surfing as I emerged at the other end of the funnel I was a few meters from shore and I began to paddle back out to the ocean again, one last time in an attempt to wash the urine of completely.

Soon I saw a large wave growing in the ocean but in front of that was a slightly smaller one, just before paddling into the first wave I took a deep breath and dove beneath it. My vision blurred as I was completely under water and using the same propulsion I used to fly I shot like a bullet and emerged behind it in front of the larger wave. I quickly caught onto it an struggled to get my footing as the wave rushed back to shore, I made sure to make a show of my final ride, doing as many tricks before the wave crashed into the shallows.

I grinned widely and made my way back to the shore. I picked up my board as I stepped into the low tide before walking onto the hot sand. My feet burnt slightly as the went from the cold ocean to the hot sand, although it was slightly less bad than not having damp feet. I stepped lightly on the hot sand as I approached my beach blanket where my bag sat.

I set my board down and dried myself off with my towel. I then withdrew my clothes, I put on a light blue strapless top and a light denim mini skirt over my bikini and stepped into my black flip-flops. I placed on my large sunglasses before making my way to my car. I found my silver mustang in the lot easily and fastened my board onto the hood then unlocked the car and put my orange towel over the driver seat and sat down before driving an hour away to my house.

When you thought about it rationally, an hour wasn’t that long of a drive, especially compared to when I used to live in the mid-west of America now I lived near a beach in California in the rich city of Sterling Heights, but when it came to me, I was rarely rational, I loved to surf and even wore I had the bladder the size of a bebe pellet it felt like, of course peeing myself while surfing wasn’t the worse thing in the world, it actually felt kinda good, but while driving there and back definitely was not my definition of fun.

I decided ten minutes into the drive to pull through a Wendy’s drive-thru when my stomach growled. I waited in line impatiently, I already missed the feeling of surfing, and I hadn’t played volleyball in a week so I grew anxious, however I couldn’t go back, I had to meet my father for some reason at the High School football field.

While I sat in the line I checked out my appearance in the rearview mirror, my usually curly blonde hair was wet and matted against my face in messy strands. My cobalt blue eyes hid behind the sunglasses. My full red lips sat almost pouting on my beautiful face. I returned my focus to the drive-thru as the line moved and I placed my order, a spicy chicken sandwich, a large sprite a medium water and fries.

It was a lot for me to take in probably, butt my rigorous exercising usually kept my body slender enough that I was the sweetest eye candy to most of the boys. I drummed my fingers on the steering wheel unrhythmically as I waited for my turn which seemed to take forever. Finally I got my food and I pulled off to the side of the parking lot and ate my food quickly, I already slurped half my sprite away by the time I finished my sandwich and most of my fries and took a gulp of the cold water before driving.

Keeping my eyes on the road I would cautiously take a handful of fries or a drink of my sprite or water while I headed down the road. I smirked to myself as I switched on the free-way and picked up speed for a short while, however I eventually ended up getting stuck in traffic much to my dismay. I groaned and took a gulp of the rest of my sprite.

I slipped out my smartphone and quickly speed dialed my father while th car was at a complete standstill. The phone rang three times before my dad answered.

“Hello?” He asked,

“Hey dad, I’m going to be late, I got caught in traffic.” I said apologetically.

“You are driving and making a call?” He asked with a condescending tone.

“Dad, you know I’m a good driver, besides the car is literally stopped.” I replied sadly.

“That’s not what I asked you now was it.” He stated rather than asked.

“Yes dad, I’m calling you while driving, I’m sorry I won’t talk on the phone while driving anymore.” I sighed softly.

“Good. and I’ll be waiting here, try to hurry though.” He said.

“Ok, bye, love you.” I muttered.

“Love you too honey.” He said before hanging up. I put my phone on stand-by before dropping it in the passenger seat. I sighed and finished off my water as the traffic barely scooted forward. I groaned as the rolled forward at a snail’s pace. I gritted my teeth as my bladder already began to fill up while I was stuck in traffic. I tapped my fingers for ten minutes before the traffic cleared up and I drove off again, it was another hour before I arrived at the football field parking lot.

I surveyed the lot but my dad wasn’t here, that meant he was actually in the field. I sighed as I scaled the locked gate and saw him standing in the middle of the field and I approached him, he stood there patiently as I slowly shuffled over to him, my bladder was definitely starting to get full, but I figured I could manage through one of his lectures, all though this was an odd place for one.

“Hello Miranda.” He greeted solemnly.

“Hi.” I returned. “What are we doing here?” I asked looking around the empty field.

“It’s time you learned to fly. And since the football field has such a high tarp ceiling that mostly conceals us, I thought this would be a prime location” He said. I looked at him excited, he had already taught me my first power which had been lightning manipulation, and he had taught me a lot of minor levitation techniques but this would be my first time flying not counting the small gliding I did while surfing.

I stood before him anxiously, stepping from foot to foot to keep my bladder under control as he gave me a lecture.

“Do you have to use the bathroom?” He asked me concerned.

“uh… no.” I muttered, I was too excited to fly to waste time peeing.

“Ok then, remember your training from the simulation and proceed to fly, you are finally ready.”

He was referring to after the explosion of the Shironi organism that gave hundreds thousands of people super powers, his company, Mirage Industries has been experimenting on Shironi when it exploded, me within the proximity got infected with it. Since then they’ve hooked my body up to a computer that scanned my mutated DNA discovered my powers and in a dream like simulation has trained my powers till they manifested in my physical form.

Even after the manifestation of my powers I had to go through rigorous exercises to get my body to handle the force of my powers, and to learn to control them and I was finally ready to fly after proving to be able to handle over twenty g-force, enough to kill everyone else but me.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes and focused, I willed myself to float up. I opened my eyes to find myself twenty feet in the air floating. I took another breath and began to focus, to will myself to… before I even got through my mental preparations I managed to take off in flight. I felt thrilled as I soared through the air at break neck speeds. I cried out in glee as I shot up to the tarp before looping back down, my chest momentarily brushing against the strong material before I fell into a purposeful straight nose dive to the ground.

I felt the blood rush to my head as I flew at high speeds straight for the ground, the odd weightless ness despite my plummeting sent excitement through out my body as I spiraled downwards and then I felt my bladder gush.

The hot pee just burst from my crotch, it slithered down my abdomen and soaked my skirt and shirt as it streamed to my chest, before drizzling against my face, I blew the urine from my lips in a panick as I swerved upright. The hot urine continued to gush out none the less and it quickly streamed down my legs and fell to the ground like my left flip-flop.

I lost control of two things, my bladder and my flight. I smacked into the strong tarp and had the wind knocked out of me. I plummeted to the ground as my urine seeped through my skirt and streamed upwards before I regained flight control and flew my back, facing the ground, and the urine began to pool at the back of my bikini.

The urine seeped through my clothes with ease again and drizzled to the ground, I heard my dad cry in disgust and I twisted my body so I was flying with my front facing the ground and the pee still streamed out. I couldn’t hold back the flow it just kept streaming as I flew erratically trying to stop the flow, only to drizzle hot urine to the ground as it burst through my urethra and soaked my skirt thoroughly and my bikini bottom as well.

I felt tears as I began to land, I landed harder than I expected to and I tumbled onto my back winded. I felt the rest of the urine drizzle out and pool around me causing a small puddle of hot pee. I began to sob despite the odd tingling feeling of the urine run across my crotch around my butt before my dad approached me. I laid there in misery as he stared at me his lips pursed.

“I though you said you didn’t have to go pee?” He asked angrily. I felt myself stifle a sob.

“I was so excited I just thought it was the nerves.” I lied, realizing how childish the truth would have made me sound, I already looked childish peeing myself at sixteen, I didn’t need any more help.

“Whatever, just go drive back home, I’ll be there in a couple ours.” He was obviously furious with me and I saw why, I noticed I had peed on him, his hair was still wet and his shirt stained.

My ears burned as I hobbled back to my car, leaving the missing flip flop behind, as my bikini bottom still dripped pee onto the ground below me. I was extremely ashamed and sat atop my towel and laid my head against the wheel and just cried for a short while before I became aware of the cold itchiness of my clothes, even my shirt and bikini top from when I tried to nose-dive was soaked in cold urine. I groaned and stripped nude, and tossed the soaked clothing onto the floor of the passenger seat and drove off naked.

I felt myself tremble from sobbing so hard at the wheel and tears kept constantly brimming my eyes it turned my vision blurry and I swerved ac couple times trying to wipe them. I realized I wasn’t fit to drive, but my house was a few blocks away so I just continued on, I burst out into tears again and barely remained control of the car as I tried to regain my composure.

Suddenly I became aware of police siren tailing me. I groaned as I stopped at the side of the road and tried to grab my clothes to no avail, I quickly grabbed my towel from under my butt and used it to cover my body, just barely covering enough. I rolled down my window reluctantly.

“Miss you were driving erratically, have you been drinking.”

“No officer.” I sobbed dumbly.

“None the less I need you to step out of the vehicle.

“I rather not.” I stuttered.

“Miss I need you to step out of the vehicle.” He said irritated.

“I’m not wearing any clo-“

“I said step out of the vehicle, unless you want me to cancel your license.” He raised his voice in anger. I shuddered as I stepped out onto the street completely naked.

“Public nudity, as well as erratic driving. Get back in the car before you cause a scene!” He yelled although I noticed he became aroused.

I sat back in my seat uncomfortably and he came back with a thousand dollar ticket.”

“A thousand doll…. Ok officer.” I muttered and headed back home.

“I wrapped the towel around me before walking into my empty house and running into my room only to cry myself into an early sleep.

Ok so I hoped you liked it, wether or not I continue this story is completely up to how well it does comment wise

*002*2012-02-20 00:41

{{:

I enjoyed it. Just when I thought my story was going to sit at the top for at least a little bit you post right after me. :)

}}

Well the obvious solution Is I shall return a comment for yours since its part of my new policy:)

*005*2012-08-19 18:11

{{: 

Wow she went through a lot of humiliation. It was good, then hot, even hotter and at the end you just feel sorry for her. A nice different tone I like it.

}}

Glad you think so :D

