The Hike

Author: Dav

*000*2011-05-29 17:52

Sarah arrived home late in the evening. She went to her room, took off her bright blue jeans keeping on her a white T-shirt and her white cotton panties, and collapsed in the bed where she fell asleep in a matter of seconds. It was a dreamless sleep, she was probably too tired to have dreams.

She opened her eyes a little bit, an airplane passed above her house, half waking her from her sleep. "Funny, there is no airport nearby." she thought while unconsciously putting her right hand's fingers against her crotch. Her bladder was slowly filling up, not emptied the night before. She then continued on with her sleep, dreaming about being on a really long plane flight, worrying about her bladder that was giving the first signs of needing attention.

She woke up with a startle, she didn't remember anything that happened yesterday. She slowly got up from her bed, trying to make out the place she was in. It was her house, messy as always. She got up, removed her white T-shirt while noticing the need of a morning pee, slightly more urgent than everyday's morning reliever. She put on her yellow T-shirt and looked at the clock to see how long before she had to meet her friend Ellie. She jumped seeing she was already 20 minutes late. She overslept, again, Ellie was probably gonna ignore her after this, since Sarah was late anytime them two wanted to meet up. She threw on her the jeans she wore yesterday, some shoes and leaped through the door of her house quickly locking behind her.

She hesitated for a moment, remembering about her need to pee. She ignored it and started running towards the park, where she was supposed to meet Ellie. She reached the park, but no one was there. She looked around and saw Ellie leaving on one of the side roads.

"I'm one lucky bastard" Sarah thought, and then proceeded running after Ellie.

The two were probably two of the sexiest girls you've ever seen. Sarah, slim, sexy, petite, brunette; and Ellie, the copy of Sarah but a little shorter and blonde. Sarah reached Ellie exactly when Ellie turned around to see who was running behind her. She gave Sarah a harsh look while turning around continuing her walk. She was wearing a nice pair of jean shorts and a cyan T-shirt, perfect for any guy to admire.

"Look, I'm sorry, that's how I am, I am always late." Sarah started.

"Pfft, what's your excuse this time?"

"Oversleeping?" Sarah said, not sure if she meant it as an answer or as a question. Ellie came towards Sarah looking like she's not gonna fuss about it.

"I bought two coffees, but because you didn't come I ended up drinking both of them. Do you want to do anything in particular or do you want to come along to where I was heading now. We can take my car, I parked it right in front of the park."

"Since I came late, I think we should do whatever you want, so let's go." Sarah said while heading towards the parking lot, not waiting for a response.

The two entered the car, a beautiful sport car. "I just hope we are going to a place with toilets" Sarah though while getting into the car.

"So where to?" Sarah asked, while shifting a little bit, finding a more comfortable place. The jeans were pressing against her bladder, making her position to be uncomfortable any way she kept her legs or body. But as she was enjoying it and forcing herself in desperate situations quite often, she didn't mind it too much.

“We will first pass to Starbucks, to get you a coffee, and I could use an ice tea for the road." Ellie said while driving off.

"Yes, I will also get an ice tea for the road."

They got at Starbucks, bought a coffee and two ice teas, Sarah gulped the coffee down the throat and off they went. Ellie took the main road out of the city while taking small sips from her iced tea.

"Where are we going to go exactly?" Sarah said in disbelief.

"You will see, we"ll be there in about 30 minutes" Ellie responded. That was no problem for Sarah, she had a pretty decent bladder and a lot of training, but she wasn't worried about the ride, she was worried about where the ride led. After a while Sarah opened her ice tea bottle and started sipping from it, but under measure. She could already fill her bladder filling because of the coffee. She looked at Ellie, who was talking continuously, wondering what the two coffees she had before getting into the car were doing inside her bladder. She then observed a detail she has missed until now, her ice tea was still 3/4 full, and she didn't take any sip from it for the last 5 minutes. She also stopped drinking from the ice tea and wondered how Ellie was doing. She didn't give away any sign of desperation, neither did she, but her bladder was probably half full.

The car took a mountain road on the right, moving towards a forestry mountain she knew Ellie spend her time travelling. It was funny how her best friend liked the nature so much, but never showed it when hanging out in clubs. She could adapt to any situation.

After about 10 more minutes of usual chattering, the car parked near a hike road that led up the mountains. Ellie stopped the car, took two bags from the backseat Sarah didn't notice until then and said:

"I want to show you a place I completely adore, no bears, no storms, don't worry about anything. Just don't fall behind." As soon as she finished saying that, she started walking up the hill, really motivated with the bag on her back.

“So no bathrooms, but bushes, that’s fine” Sarah said, while a smile appeared on her face, knowing that she could just squat any time she wished. After about 20 minutes of walking, Sarah could now feel her bladder pressing against her tight jeans, making her a little bit desperate as she walked. They reached a forest, that’s when Sarah started talking about it:

“Can you wait for me a little bit? I kinda need to check those bushes over there”

“Yes, me too, I shouldn’t have drank that two coffees, and also I drank a tea before picking you up.” Ellie said, looking suspicious at Sarah. “How long can you still hold it?”

“About three hours if I really want to, what do you have in mind?”

“A contest, and the loser gets to carry the luggage back down. I am probably at the same state as you, didn’t get to pee in the morning due to the idiot workers who didn’t repair my toilet.”

“Deal.” Sarah responded” she wanted to know a lot more about Ellie’s interest in a holding contest, so she continued the conversation.

“Where did you come up with the idea of a holding contest?” Sarah started. “I mean, it is not a thing you do everyday.” Sarah smiled at the irony of the situation.

“Well, my ex boyfriend and I used to do this while hiking this exact mountain, so I got into the habit.” Ellie stopped for a moment looked down at her bladder and massaged it a bit. “Is it weird?”

“Not at all, not at all, I kinda enjoy it” Sarah responded, while crossing her legs, waiting for Ellie to continue walking. Crossing her legs really helped her hold on, she felt her urethra close without effort, but was aware of the liquid that was still making way into her bladder.

“I’m thirsty, do you have your ice tea?” Ellie asked, with an evil smile on her face.

“Of course, in my bag” then they proceeded drinking the two ice teas the brought with them, followed by a loud “aah” sort of thing. Both of them were enjoying what they were doing, being outside with an increasing urge to pee. And they were determined to win this contest. As they walked more and more through the calm forest, they could feel the liquid make its way into the bladder and then the bladder begging for some help. The walk was making it even more difficult to hold the water in, and the two girls didn’t want to show how badly they needed to pee.

“All right, here are the rules me and Jake had when we played this: every time you want to take a break you have to drink something so it is better if you keep moving instead of taking a break and squirming around. You lose if you completely lose control or if you start leaking before we get to the top. No tickling or anything of that kind, it is quite stupid.” Ellie said, she looked at Sarah who was walking besides her, her tight blue jeans obviously pressing against her bladder, which by now had a visible bulge. She seemed perfectly calm and in control though. Sarah looked at her and nodded. They walked some more, Ellie getting worried she would last till the top without losing it. Her shorts were so tight her bladder was in agony. She unbuttoned them and made a relief sound that caught Sarah’s attention, Sarah looked at the unbuttoned short jeans and said:

“Button that up, it would be too easy like that”. Ellie looked at Sarah for a moment and then while walking she buttoned her short jeans while gritting her teeth. She pressed her tights together and continued on with the walk. After 20 minutes or so they stopped and had another drink, the bags Ellie brought has around 3 bottles full of water that needed to be finished.

I don't know if I'm going to finish this, exams are on their way. If anyone is interested please contact me for permission to continue.

*002*2011-06-18 18:36

Yup go for it. That if you didn't leave the community.

I wanted to continue it but I lost interest.

