A Change In The Air

Author: Luna Love :)

*000*2014-02-12 04:51

Hello Guys, it is me Luna and i am glad to be bringing you the first chapter in my new series "A Change In The Air" I hope you enjoy and I would like to give a special thanks to Lucifer Angel The best co-author a gal could ask for <3... Enjoy the Chapter guys

The chilly wind flowed through the dark brown hair of Sarah Underwood, As she slowly walked down the street to her bus stop where she also would meet up with Isabella, otherwise known as Bella. Sarah and Bella had been best friends since the second grade, but now they are young fourteen year old moving into their last year at Winslow Township Middle.

Sarah this morning had dressed in a short white skirt with a pair of striped panties... Sarah as she moved along in the chilling wind spotted her friend Isabella already at the bus stop early as usual. Bella was about 5'3'' with soft green eyes, and almost just the same as Sarah she had long flowing black hair. Compared to Sarah they practically could be mistaken as twins by some people. The real key difference was their eyes. Sarah had soft blue eyes while Bella had here soft heart melting green pupils.

Sarah at last arrived at the bus stop and greeted Bella with a nice smile and said “Hey, hey Bella”

“Hey, hey Sarah” is what Bella replied as she shifted from side to side

Sarah observed what Bella was wearing slowly, Bella was wearing a very mini, green mini skirt, and without intention of knowing so Sarah got a glimpse of Bella's pink panties as a a small gust of wind lifted up the skirt for a mere couple seconds. “Huh that’s odd” though Sarah “Bella usually wears a pull up to school, maybe she is allowed to finally not wear one at long last” Sarah smiled, but she was not going to ask Bella about it.

It was a new fresh start to their school year it was day number one the one most school children dreaded. For Bella although it was a special day. Her parents had finally agreed to let her go to school without having a diaper on for protection. As Bella was forced to wear diapers after a series of misfortune accidents such as the school dance accident which Bella found most embarrassing considering she did this right in the middle of the dance floor, and also she recalls of the accident she had on the first day last year while in the final period of the day sitting right next to Sarah. These thoughts of accidents always make Bella blush just thinking about them.

Now, Bella although woke up late that morning since she was still not use to getting up early and had a small breakfast with two glasses of apple juice. What made it worse was she forgot to use the restroom before departing from her parents at home. Bella's bladder was tiny to what other girls of her age. This may be why she suffered so badly last year from accidents. Although, Bella was certain after four straight months without an accident this day would be no different.

Now, Bella, and Sarah where the first stop on a long thirty-five minute bus ride from the edge of chisluhurst to Winslow middle located on Cooper Town road. Bella and Sarah had to go to Winslow since Chisluhurst lost it's funding for schools so everyone would report to Winslow for schooling. By the time the bus had arrived to their stop and they hopped onto Miss. Jackie’s bus Bella's small bladder was at a point of wanting release.

Bella started to worry... She never had been able to hold her bladder for longer than twenty minutes after receiving the first warning signals from he brain to release he pee.

“Hey, Sarah you look cute in that Skirt” Bella blushes as she says this to Sarah.

After Bella makes that small comment and she hears Sarah thank her, she returns to focusing on he small aching bladder as it starts to cry out like an newborn for help. Bella is by now squirming like a little fish in her seat right next to Sarah aching for the release as the apple juice is now starting to pack a major one, two punch aiming directly at her bladder.

Sarah starts to notice Bella's content squirming and starts to wonder if she nee the bathroom, as that is what Bella's typical first sign of needing a bathroom badly.

“Hey, Bella you okay there?” Sarah asked Bella curiously

“A-a-a I'm fi-fine.” Bella responds unconvincingly

Sarah, looked out the window not very convinced but went on with it.

With every wining twist and rocky bump of the road on the bus made Bella's situation even more and more worse... About ten minutes into the ride they hit a particularly bad bump and it shook Bella's bladder and pushed it to the extreme, with that Bella, lost control for a second and leaked out some pee dampening her Green panties. Bella also squeaked out in surprise in a high pitch, and jammed one of her hands into her girl hood under her skirt to help hold in her pee. Bella began to blush crazily hoping that Sarah did not notice her worsening state

Sarah turned as she heard her friend squeal out right next to her, she looked over and saw Bella holing herself with one hand and knew Bella was in trouble

“Bella, are your certain you are okay?” Sarah asked concerned for her friend

“i-i-I Real-Real-y got-tt-a p-pee” Is all Bella was able to mutter out to Sarah

Just then the bus hit another quite large bump and it made Bella have a spasm in her bladder, she lost total control for a good five seconds and fresh warm pee flowed our of her soaking he moist green panties. Bella squealed out as a small warm puddle started to form around her bum. Bella quickly jammed both of her hands directly into her aching bladder. Bella knew she was in trouble of losing all control right there and now in front of Sarah.

Sarah looked in shock as she saw the small pool of urine start to form around Bella's round bum. She knew she was about to lose it any minute.

“Come on Bella! You can hold it in I know you can, only five more minutes.” Sarah tried to encourage Bella to hold on for dear sweet life.

Bella was nearly in tears as she leaked every few seconds re warming her soaking panties and her hands. The bus then hit the critical final TKO bump in the road it was the worst one yet it lifted both girls two inches out of their seats and gravity threw them down back into their seat with authority. On contact back with the seat Bella cried out in agony as pee spurted out of her bladder and filled her panties yet again, Bella held on but it lasted for only two seconds as her bladder absolutely reached its maximum overload.

Bella sat there with tears starting to overflow her eyes as her bladder rejected all the pee filed up in her bladder and threw it out. All Bella heard as she sat there tears rolling slowly down her face was the loud hissing sound as the pee flew out of her like a race car, the warm puddle around her bum started to increase and increase as she let the flow continue out, soon the puddle over flowed the seat and onto the bus floor.

Sarah stared at her best friend in awe. Sarah saw as Bella emptied the contends of her bladder for another twenty seconds before the last little hiccups of pee came out of Bella’s pee-hole.

“B-Bella, you okay” Sarah asked nervously knowing the answer already...

“I-i-i can;t bel-lieve I had an-another accident...” Bella said between sniffles

Sarah pulled Bella into a hug and whispered into her ear “It will be okay don;t worry” Bella just melted into Sarah's arms. Bella knew her troubles where just beginning as she knew already she was only after not even one day of being allowed to not wear a diaper to school, she was going to be placed back into one by her parents...

Bella, and Sarah sat there in Bella's warm puddle until the bus finally arrive at Winslow middle, it was going to be a long day ahead of them both...

*011*2014-03-11 02:25

/Thanks Lucy for taking over in my absence “Aimez-vous” blush

Bella sat there as she listened to Sarah go on about something related to Full House since that's the assignment that they at the time should have been focusing on. Although, Bella had other topics and troubles stuck in her curious little brain. Mainly, she was focused on her bladder that was slowly filling itself again despite it only being such a short time since she had last embarrassingly emptied it in the nurses office right in front of Sarah. This though made Bella blush slightly which was easily noticeable by any who wished to look at Bella's face. Sarah looked up from the paper to see Bella's bright red face.

“You alright” Sarah asked in curiosity and also slightly worried for her dear friend.

“Um-um, I'm fine...” Bella refuted all the while she felt her cheeks burn a deeper red at her embarrassment of Sarah noticing.

The duo continued to work on their paper to hand into Miss. Douglass at the end of the period. They worked on their essay putting in the random facts and bits of knowledge that Miss. Douglass had drilled into their brains over the time they have been in her class. Bella all the while was partially focusing on the essay with it's contents of Uncle Joey and so on. Bella's mind was floating around trying to ignore the constant urge to use the restroom. They had been in this class for about thirty-five minutes, and they had only a mere seven more to complete the essay.

Although to Bella the essay was the least of her worries, she felt the pressure building in her bladder as it was bulging with the golden yellow liquid. Bella started to shift around in her chair contently to attempt to stem the pressure she felt in her lower region as by now was quite annoying. Sarah who had just finished the final sentence to the closing paragraph looked over at Bella. Sarah immediately noticed all the shifting and twitching that Bella was doing in her seat.

“Bella, are you sure you are fine... You seem a bit odd.”

I'm- I'm fine” Bella stampeded in a desperate attempt to dismiss Sarah.

Sarah was not convinced by Bella's answer as she knew very well that Bella was desperate for the bathroom.

“Bella, stop lying I know you have to go pee, and there is no denying it”

“I-i really have to go” Is all that Bella could respond to her friend as she knew she was on the verge of losing all control. The bell was only a mere two minutes from ringing but knowing how close she was to being released Bella felt her urge to go increase ten folds, as she felt a small stream escape from her lower region, She felt the warm liquid soak up into her yellow panties. She was thankfully for the moment able to stem the flow after jamming her hands into her crotch. This although was not going to last long

“R-RING” went the old school bell. Bella jumped like she was shocked by a jolt of pure energy and rushed out of the room.

“Hey wait up!” Sarah yelled as she rushed behind Bella. Bella felt as she started to rush down the hall a stream spill out of her lips into her panties. This stopped Bella dead in her tracks, she shoved a hand into her crotch and slide against a locker in pure agony as the pressure was so great. Bella started to tear up as she felt some golden liquid seep through her hands. She was able to stem the flow but not after soaking her panties, and there being a little wet spot on her pink skirt. Bella still reeling from the near complete loss of control stood there weak kneed.

“I-I Are you okay?” Sarah exclaimed out of breath from fighting her way through the halls to catch up with Bella.

Bella just stood there holding on for dear life as she felt little spurts slowly and painfully escape into her grasped hand. Sarah noticed her friend horrid condition and took her hand and slowly guided her towards the bathroom. Bella was slowly following Sarah as she contently would take a second to stop as she would feel the warmth of a new leak escape. By the time they reach the restroom, half of Bella's poor bladder had emptied itself.

“Do you want me to wait outside?” Sarah asked as Bella slowly walked inside the bathroom. All Bella could manage to do was shake her head yes.

Bella as soon as the door closed rushed towards the nearest stall. Bella's bladder couldn't handle her last ditch rush to get to the safety of the bathroom. Her flood gates opened and she flooded her panties yet again, she stopped dead in her tracks and slowly fell to the ground. She sat there as the hissing sound of the urine started to flow out of her aching bladder and form a puddle around her bum. Bella sat there in her puddle of shame, Bella although couldn't help but feel so relieved. Bella sat and cried her eye's out as she sat until the hissing of her pee died out.

Several minutes later Sarah walked into the bathroom. She looked down at her dear friend in her puddle of warm golden pee. Sarah felt sorry for Bella, but also deep down inside she though of how cute Bella looked sitting there in her puddle of urine. This though made Sarah blush slightly.

“Um... Let's get going then, we gotta get you cleaned up again” Sarah offered with a friendly smile.

Bella looked up tears still filled her eye’s, “Why do I always have accidents? Why can't I make it a day without a diaper? I'm such a baby!” Bella howled.

“It's all right Hun, it's alright, you will be okay with me. Let's get on going down to the nurses office and we will get you a nice new pair of panties, and a new skirt.” Sarah said smiling larger which was for extra friendliness, but partially because Sarah couldn't help but feel a tingle of joy from her girlhood from seeing her friend sitting there in the urine. They slowly moved on down to the Nurses office as they had earlier that morning...

Hope you all enjoyed :) been a while and cannot wait to continue again :) Peace ... Luna :)

*013*2014-05-10 06:30

So, As it may seem i have forgotten my true place and that is my writings :P... As i have shown negligence for to long towards this story. Be ready because this Messed up in the head wacko Canadian is back to let you all venture into the dark and odd twists of this Story.

In all reason i myself have been busy with family and visited my hometown in Canada for the first time in a while. Furthermore i'm more energized and more filled with spirit than i ever have, Which in translation means ill be more productive as i have had a experience from my child hood half written since early March ad i wouldn't want that to go to waste so hopefully i can complete that for your reading pleasure. Alas off i go till we meet again fellow human. Also, don;t be afraid message me i don't bite :) we all could use someone to talk to every once and a while

