Story of a woman's awakening

Author: RNSL81

*000*2019-05-08 14:47

This is a story I have written based very loosely on real events and real people. Names have been changed (obviously) and most of it is pulled out of my own imagination. Not all of it though. Hope you enjoy. Its also my first story so any constructive feedback is appreciated to help me find my writing style.

This story contains female wetting and messing. If there is any demand, I might release a version without the messing. It's not full on scat though. You have been warned.

Part 1. The start of something beautiful.

It was a glorious day when it happened. I was on a diving course, 11 guys and one girl learning to be commercial scuba divers through Herriot Watt University. 12 students in Orkney pissing up at night and diving all day. Naturally everyone gave Samantha a ridiculous amount of attention, all accept my own introverted self. Imagine my surprise at being buddied with her by the instructors. Lucky or what? And she was beautiful. Long raven black hair, mischievous brown eyes, full lips capable of the cutest little pout or the wickedest grin.

And the body. At my 1.8 meters she stood as tall as my nose. Slight, tight little body, smallish breasts, legs showing off her runners physique and an ass that would give Kylie Minogue a run for her money. At 22 she was perfect. And normally I couldn't get near her. With all the others sniffing round, not to mention the instructors and the locals in Stromness where we were staying, I never stood a chance. Then the last week of May I got paired with her out of this blue. My previous buddy with hers.

On the Wednesday it happened it was a normal day at the beach, week 3 of the five week course. Weather was dry and warm, or at least as warm as May got in Orkney. I had chatted more with her in three days than the time previous. I'd found out that she had a large family, was from the south of England and preferred metal music much like my own tastes. She was single and concentrating on the course then her final year at university. And she was fucking perfect. Stunning, funny, smart...... I was in love, no doubt about it.

We were dressed in our usual rig for drysuit diving. Both in thermals, sweats and tee-shirts. Neither of us looked our best, hair and cloths damp and plastered all over after the first dive of the day. We were relaxing near the minibus having a light lunch waiting the hour or so before our next dive. As we lounged I could see her glance off to the small building at the end of the field we were currently in that contained the toilets we could use. I had learned (as I tend to note these things) that she would be visiting as soon as we were finished eating. She wasn't dancing yet but wasn't far off.

We chatted, not about anything in particular but just generic chat designed to pass time. The kind of small talk that normally I hated. Like I said. Introvert. My other dive partner had learned to just let me eat and sit in quiet until we were ready to go in the water again. Not Sam though. She always wanted to talk. We finished our lunch and I expected her to shoot off for a visit to the lady's room but, as the conversation had turned to movies (a passion of mine) I had become more "animated" (as she later put it) so she decided to hold off. She was starting to fidget now but we still had 45 or so minutes. Or so we thought.

A shout startled us from our talk about the merits of Indy 3 over 1. The radio had gone off. The boat was on the way back. The current two pairs had been kicked out the water by the lead instructor, Alex. They were coming in and he was pissed. Get ready, we are diving immediately. I saw a look of panic flash across Sam's face. She glanced to the toilets then back to me.

"Do you think I have time?" she asked. I frowned. Glancing to sea I could see the rib already bouncing across the waves.

"Maybe if you hurry?" She smiled gratefully (what a smile) and went to run off

"Oy! You two get down the beach now, Al is coming in and sounds displeased". Robby, another instructor scuppered all her hopes with a single yell. She gave the toilets a longing stare then joined me in jogging to the beach. As the rib pulled up we lined up with the other students as Alex jumped out the boat and stormed up the beach. Que a 10 minute rant about standards, care and attention, awareness and anything else that popped into his head. Threats for 24 hr dive bans for all on top of the bans he handed out on the way in. All over the class idiot (my ex dive buddy) who had wily coyoted into the bottom trying a rapid decent. And though all of it Sam continued to squirm and fidget more and more. Nothing major yet, little flexes like she started to hold herself, a slow foot tap, a slight bead of sweat. Anyone else wouldn't have noticed but I saw the signs. When he finished his rant he glared at us.

"Get your stuff and be geared up in 5”. I watched her face drop. No time to do anything. Not even to go behind the van and "pop a squat". She was in trouble now. In silence we jogged back to our spot, all our gear laid out. She eyed our suits.

"Stu, I need to go to the loo. Please. I’m desperate." She was pleading with me. I glanced around. Fuck it. For her I could take another bollicking for being a few minutes late.

"Quick, go behind the van, I can keep watch" I replied.

"I can't!" She a hissed at me. She saw the confusion and hurt in my face. "Sorry, but I need more that a pee. I can't. Not hear. Help me please."

"Ok. Run to the loo. I will tell Al we will be late. He can't ban all his dive teams for the day. Just hurry"

"Thank you" she gushed as she turned to run off.

"Oy! You two. Clock is ticking." She spun on the spot

"Fuck you Rob" she cursed while looking around for some miraculous third option.

"Just go" I said but she just smiled weakly as she grabbed her suit.

"You know what he's like. He can and will ban all his teams and fuck us. Our own fault. Don't worry, I think I will be ok. After all, I'm an honour student. We don't have accidents. Come on. Its not that bad. A quick 30 min under then that’s us for the day." In silence we rigged up. Suit on, zipped up, set and weights strapped in place, hood, mask, the whole nine yards.

As we walked down carrying fins and gloves, I could see the sweat on her head that had nothing to do with the gear. Waving to the other team ready to go we pushed through the surf to the boat. As we climbed in I could see her tense up. She saw my worried glance and shook her head slightly. Her breathing slowed as she concentrated on maintaining her poise and dignity. The ride out was the worst. Alex wasn't going slow as we bounced across the rising tide to the 21m marker bouy. Even I felt the jolts in my half empty bladder. As I looked up against the spray I saw her holding her breath, eyes screwed shut. As we slowed to the spot she started gasping. Her eyes flew open and she startled as she reached out and grabbed my arm. I saw a small tear roll down her cheek as she grimaced. She was starting to loose control.

"Go" was the single barked command from Alex so we donned mask, gloves and fin before slipping into the water. We didn't hang around. A single fast decent to 21 meters, eyes glued to our gauges, gripping on to our survey gear to carry out a static photography survey of the bottom. I have to hand it to Sam. If it had been me I wouldn't have been anywhere near as co-ordinated. At the bottom we came to a perfect rest 1 meter off the bottom. In the distance was the slowly settling cloud of silt from the first team who incurred Alex's wrath for not being as slick at depth control. The second team was already swimming off, Alex in tow for their navigation exercise. We were alone for now. I grabbed my slate and pencil

"You ok?" I wrote. She gave me the thumbs up signal signifying no problem. Not what I meant. We had already exchanged the standard check signals post decent. I pointed to my slate again. I could see her look at me across the half meter gap between us.

"Lets get on with it" was her scribbled reply. I searched her eyes through our masks trying to tell but nothing. I shrugged and readied the gear.

Fastest survey ever. 15 minutes we were done even with a few pauses by Sam. We finished and immediately ascended to the surface throwing our loose gear into the rib. As we clung on to the side, I whispered to her.

"How you doing?"

"I don't know. I think I might have peed a little. It might be the suit." Wishful thinking. I know her suit. Leaks at the wrists and left calf. Nothing crotch or thighs.

"Don't worry about it." I whispered back. "10 min we will be back in. The other team should be up soon. Let’s climb in." She glanced at me with a smile that was difficult to figure out the emotion behind it. Then I realised. There was no way she would be able to climb into the rib without loosing control. "Uh... Just wait." I said sheepishly. I pulled myself in. Once in I gestured for her to pass me her set and belt. She slipped out of it and gratefully passed it to me. After pulling it in to the amused stare of Ian (todays boat driver) I offered my hands to her. With no gear or weights she was easy to pull up high enough that she could sit outboard of the boat and swing her legs in. Even that cost her. As Ian looked back to the expected surface point of team 2 I saw her drop to her knees, grabbing herself with both hands. She looked up to me with a look of such anguish that I nearly cracked right there. I dropped down next to her and put an arm around her.

"Just a little bit longer. Those idiots will be up any minute. Bang into shore then you can go to the loos. Don't worry bout your gear. I've got it."

"Thanks" she said through gritted teeth. Eyes screwed up she was breathing hard now, still clutching with both hands. She tried to straighten up, tried to slow her breathing but I could tell it was getting past the point of control. Embarrassed for her I stood up and joined Ian in looking out for team 2, giving her some of the privacy to regain control she must have so desperately wanted. After a few minutes they surfaced about 150m from the boat. Ian grinned and gunned the engine into lift. The rib vibrated as he set off, the sudden acceleration taking its toll judging from the gasp behind me.

By the time we got to the three forms bobbing in the waves Sam had regained composure. Sitting on her heel on the back bench of the rib she was a picture of calm. Her red eyes explained by the saltwater that had us all a little bloodshot. Wet hair plastered down one side of her flushed face. A slightly sad smile on her lips. Her beauty really struck me then. God, even almost past the point of no return she managed to look hotter than hell. I joined in helping pull the team in then sat between them and Sam. As we drove for the shore (more sedately than the rollercoaster ride out) she leaned against my back, resting her forehead between my shoulder blades. Over the twin engines and the sound of wind and surf I heard her speak.

"Thanks" was all she could say.

After we pulled up, everyone piled out but us. Gear was pulled out around us and Ian gave us a look but I waved him off as they all disappeared up to the field. Behind me Sam stirred

"Sorry about this Stuart." She whispered. As she stood up it seemed like she was going to try one last attempt to hold on but she was defeated. With a single sob she stood tall and finally her grip on her bladder broke. Even through the suit I could hear the hissing as she let go. Her face flushed red as she once again screwed her eyes shut. After about 10-15 seconds I saw her relax and the expression changed to one of bliss as the hissing increased. For an eternity I looked at her as she wet herself. I could imagine the hot pee jetting out of her, soaking panties, long johns and joggers to pool in the feet of her suit. I couldn't look away if you paid me. The bliss on her face was perfect, right down to the slight bite on her lip. When she finally stopped we stood for another minute lost in our own world. Then her eyes flew open. She grabbed at me.

"Help me get to shore. Now" she commanded

"Ok, grab your set and I'll......"

"No" she cut me off. "I told you... I need more than a pee" she finished in a quiet little voice. Oh. Yeh.

"Ummm, ok. Here". I jumped out the boat, our gear forgotten. I offered my hand and helped her up the beach and to the entrance of the field. 150 or so meters was the loo block (and a single lockable shower) and her salvation from complete humiliation. We slowly made our way up the dirt track, past all the others now relaxing before group 3s final dive, past the vans. As we passed our spot she barked "bag" and I grabbed her bag with its change of clothes. We carried on to the small brick building before us but it was too late. As we rounded the side to the entrance (thankfully now shielded from view) she stopped dead. Stiffening up, the grip on my arm tightened up to beyond painfully. Even through my drysuit I could feel her nails dig in as the last bit of control left her.

She gasped and doubled over. She was now clutching at her ass with her free hand, thrust between her legs. She groaned and went red in the face. At this point I wasn't even sure if she was still fighting or just getting it all out, finishing completely going to the toilet in her outfit. She stayed like that for several minutes, breathing hard, slightly hunched up, tears slowly streaming down her cheeks. After and age she slowly released her grip on me then straightened up.

"Fuck. Why today?" she gasped. "Why now?" She looked up at me "why you?" She asked before bursting into tears. She clutched me and without thinking I pulled her into a tight hug.

"It’s ok" I whispered into her ear. "It’s ok. It happens. It’s ok". We clung together for several minutes her sobbing and me just saying anything to make her feel better, telling her its ok over and over. As she finally regained composure she pushed me off.

"Stop. This isn't ok. Not even close. This doesn't just happen to girls my age. To no one my age. FUCK" a final shout to vent her feelings. She turned to leave but I reached out and grabbed her shoulder.

"Don't be stupid" I said to her clear surprise. "You’re hardly the first person to have an accident you know. You probably aren't even the last in Scotland this hour. It ok"

"Oh come on. How many other people do you know who has even had such a humiliating accident as this?" She asked. I decided to go for broke.

"You think this is humiliating?" I asked "try wetting yourself in front of about 100 or so people. At least I'm the only one to know and I won't be telling anyone about this, I swear." She looked at me now with curiosity.

"When did you do that?"

"Download festival last summer. A day of drinking, running to the massive que for the porta loos and not making in in time. Light urban combats that went dark and clinging when wet. Everyone saw, everyone laughed. That was humiliating. Trust me, this doesn't compare."

"Wow" was all she could say, eyes wide. Then her face slid into her naughty little grin. "Ok. You may have me beat on the humiliation scale but at least you didn't crap yourself. Or did you?"

"Not then no" was my grinned reply.

"Wait, so when did you then?" Dammit. I let that slip. I sighed.

"Also last year. Not drunk, just coming off antibiotics that had me stopped up. I finished the course and so did nature. I was out shopping when I just had to go. Nothing nearby and by the time I got to a nearby MacDonnalds it was too late. Luckily I was wearing loose combats again and at least I didn't pee myself. I managed to hide it, walked back to my car and drove home sat on a plastic bag." She goggled at the last bit

"That must have been.......a sticky situation." With that lame joke she burst into laughter that had her bending over again clutching at her stomach. At least she wasn't crying again. Her laughter was infectious. I started to giggle.

"Laugh it up" I said. "You’re the one who still has a clean-up operation to do." She straightened up and looked at me, eyes full of tears of mirth instead of embarrassment. She sobered up a bit, clearly worried again. "Look," I started. "Your suit will need a wash. Whip it off and chuck us it hear. I'll wash it under the hose and leave it to dry inside out. No one will know. You can clean up and change in the shower. If anyone asks about your behaviour just tell them you felt sick and had to run."

That evil little grin again. "Whip it off you say? How daring Stu. If I didn't know better I'd say you just wanted to see me all wet and messy."

"What makes you think I don't?" I replied, a mischievous grin of my own. Then I froze as her eyes widened. Shit, did I just say that?

Her eyes narrowed as she turned away. She glanced back over her shoulder, face split with a grin again. "Unzip me" she purred. I gulped and stepped up. One smooth motion and her suit was opened up. She bent over to let her pull the top off her head. As she stood up she whipped her hair back. She glanced back. "Thanks" she said before starting to bend over again. This time she slowly peeled off the suit. What a sight. As it pulled down passed her clingy black T-shirt her grey sweats were exposed. From halfway up to her waist band all the way down to the cuffs, the thick, drenched and darkened material clung to her body. The contours of her perfect ass with its bulge the size of a softball, of her shapely legs free to view.

As she stepped out of the legs the sucking sound as her soaked cotton socks pulled free from the small pool in each made her giggle again. Her scent hit me next. A soft smell of girl pee with a darker earthy undercut of her poop. Not unpleasant. Not at all. She spun round almost bouncing in place. "Whats the damage she asked, looking down at herself now, trying to twist on the spot to assess everything. From the front it was glorious. Her wet clothes clinging tight against her body, soaked out almost to her hips, only a thin strip down the outside dry and safe. I gulped again. Then grinned at her.

"Apart from a bulge and the obvious wetness, nothing visible on the joggers. They might get away with just a rinse for now. Whip them off" I said in my most commanding voice.

She mock glared at me, eyes flashing with a curious and unexpected intent that was becoming more obvious to both of use as the scenario played out.

"Hmmm. I think your right" she spun to face away again and put her hands to the waistband. Again, the slow sensual peel off of the wet material. Underneath, her tight longjohns we dark red all over, beads of pee being released to run down the saturated material by her movements. The bulge, much more obvious, was nestled between her peachy little cheeks, still no staining visible to further darken the material. She kicked off the sweats to a damp heap on top of her suit. "Done" she said with a breathy voice, spinning around, her breathing fast and shallow now, matching my own. Both of us were getting flushed again and if it wasn't for my suit still zipped around my body, my excitement would be obvious for anyone who cared to look. And from her quick glances she was trying to look.

"Long johns next" I almost whispered to her. She nodded and turned denying me the view of the tight red material clinging to her, contouring her pussy perfectly. As her hands moved to her waistband she paused. This would be the big one for her, for both of us. She started to pull then stopped, glanced back at me. Her eyes held a strange expression as she saw the obvious hunger in my own eyes. She turned away again and the tight thermals started their slow decent down her legs. The light blue lacy waistband preceded her now translucent white cotton French knickers. A large dark solid mass of poop dragging them down slightly now they were free from the thermals keeping everything tight against her smooth milky white skin. As she bent further over the mass hid anything else from view but who was I to complain.

Her legs were as perfect as I imagined marred only by a thin scar on her right calf. Muscles flexed as she was now bent fully over before pulling first one leg then the other free of her last layer and her socks. She stood up suddenly spinning and, in one smooth move, pulled off her T-shirt as she stood. Again the hair whipped back (who doesn't love the long wet hair look) and her tight, toned flat stomach and abs were exposed above her panties, the tight dark strip of her pubic hair visible seeming to invite the eyes down to her lips below.

My eyes dragged up, her arms now folded just below the swell of her b cup breasts, pushing those perky mounds together under a matching white cotton bra trimmed in blue lace. Her nipples where obvious, hardened and proud under the tight material. She shook her head, letting her hair fall to brush against them, the wetness dampening and tuning the bra as tantalisingly see through as the panties. Nipples small and dark against the white skin. Her face was red as she looked at me, watching me take it all in. Eventually our eyes met.

"Stunning" I breathed. Her blush deepened.

"Im like a naughty little girl, wet and messy" she replied, eyes down.

"Never. I don't think I've ever seen anything so beautiful as you look now." She smiled back up to me. Her arms separated and she stepped into my offered embrace. Our lips met, the kiss soft at first but swiftly developing into a fierce, lust filled move. My hands ran down her back and through her hair, pulling her into a deeper kiss. Her leg moved up my hip to circle around me and my other hand dropped lower. Cupping her ass, fingers brushed against her bulge. That was enough to push it against her sweet little rose bud. She pulled back.

"Do it" she moaned as she dove back into the kiss. I wasted no time in cupping the bulge of her firm movement, squashing it slightly, mashing it up against her ass. Still kissing I felt rather than heard her moan again. Her pussy was grinding down onto my thigh now, both her hands around my back and shoulders pulling herself in tighter and tighter. We were lost to the world right then. Even as I felt her tense up, her breath coming in short ragged gasps, I felt my own orgasm start to build just from her rubbing against my body, my erection tight between us under my now cursed suit.

As she clung to me, shaking in her release I heard a hissing as the final remnants of her bladder released. My probing fingers pushed deeper, catching the last of her stream through her panties. As my finger tips brushed her waiting lips below she squealed as a second orgasm hit her. Her back arched, head pulled away from me, exposing her breasts again, her pee running down my suit. I didn't hold back and gasped as my own release hit me like a train. As cum pumped into my briefs I bit back my own yell as Sam gasped loudly, panting as she started to come down from her cloud of bliss. We clung together for what seemed like an hour. Eventually she looked up at me. She almost looked ready to cry.

"God. You have no idea how much I wanted this. Maybe not like this, but me and you." Her voice was deep from her short breath as she pushed her face into my chest. "For my first time I wanted it to be you. I liked you since we met. The others all think they can spin a gash little story and get into me but you never tried that. Never would.

I could tell you were shy but interested. I wanted you. I hoped being buddys could lead to something. I never imagined it would be like or as good as that though"

"This scenario wasn't on the cards then?"

"No" she snorted with laughter. Then she turned her head up to me. "It's not something that turns you off is it?"

"Let's just say this could be something we could explore together maybe".

She grinned. That cheeky little grin that turns me to jelly. "Hmmm. Maybe. I might need to shop for more underwear though if I keep this up though. And you". I nodded.

"When you said first?"

"Umm. Yeh." She looked down and away. "I'm 22. It must be weird to still be a virgin". I pulled her back into a hug.

"Not really. I’m the same age and not exactly a top shagger." Another snort of laughter. "I'm not a virgin but I'm not that experienced. Two girlfriends to date and with neither did I dare share what we just did"

"Well, me anyway" Sam said, pushing off me again. She stepped back, letting me look at her again. "I expect catch up" she growled in mock fierceness, her finger jabbing at my chest. All I could do was nod, once again struck dumb by her beauty. "Tonight. Tonight we get some dinner, just us, then we find a quiet pub in town and see were the night goes. Sound good?" she finished, bouncing again slightly on the balls of her bare feet, still standing in the small puddle of her second "accident".

"Dinner. Drinks to charge up, then catch up. I think I can do that. Then, maybe another first?"

A coy little look in reply, eyes flashing under dark lashes.

"It's a date!" She said before grabbing her nearby bag and dodging into the shower unit to clean up, leaving me to handle the rest.

______________________________________________________________________________________

More to come. Next chapter will be a first, very wet, date.

*001*2019-05-08 15:30

Part two. This is just wetting. Results of a first, fantastic date. Now moving far more into fiction. My memory of Kirkwall and the event's have been blurred by many, many moons. I know we ate in a Chinese but I don't think it was up stairs? As my memory is faulty and the story is verging heavily into "made up" I have taken liberties in the layout of the city and it's places. Sorry to any locals looking for authenticity. Hope people like my writing and constructive criticism or feedback is appreciated.

Enjoy

Part two. Catch up.

As Samantha and I sat opposite each other in Kirkwall’s best Chinese restaurant my mind cast back over the day’s events. After our exciting discovery of what we now shared between us, everything was a bit of a blur. After Sam skipped into the shower to clean up I had used the available hose to wash out her suit (not at all bothered by the fact it was full of her pee) and rinsed her clothes out for her before popping into the woman's side of the toilets to leave them hanging to dry. I couldn't help but draw deeply on the aroma of her long johns before washing them out though. The slightly sharp sent of her pee mixed with its own and the seas salty tang made me instantly hard again.

As she washed her body in private I washed my own, first rinsing the outside of my suit then stripping if off with practiced speed to hang next to hers outside. Jumping into the gents I took care of my own "leak" and rearranged my clothing just as she came out of the shower unit, now dressed in loose black trousers and plain dark blue polo shirt. After chucking her diving cloths into a bin bag to join her underwear, we grabbed the suits and walked back to join the others.

Sorting our gear out and sitting around waiting for the last dive of the day to end had been agony. Stealing glances at each other we had sat apart, chatting to the others about nothing in particular. No one mentioned our behaviour from before or her unusual change in cloths. And no one seemed to sense any change between us. When everyone was up and back we completed the daily ritual of loading the van and piling into the mini bus for the drive back to the dive unit in Stromness. Charging bottles and cleaning and sorting all the gear took another hour before we got the nod to head off to do what we wanted. Normally this would be a swift dive into our hostel where I and the other lads stayed for the five weeks and Sam back to her rented room in the house of a relative of Rob the instructors.

A swift dinner of super noodles and chicken would normally prelude hitting the local (and only) pub for 8-10 pints of Guinness. Not tonight though. I wave off the others claiming I wasn’t feeling 100% and showered and changed into something more decent than the days dive rig, our normal fare for the pub . Stromness is a diving town. It was usual to not bother changing. Instead, a fresh pair of plain black briefs over a pair of black jeans and a light gray polo. Something I could "play catchup" in and still be responsibly discreet in, as I felt my own "not in public" rule to deliberate wettings was about to be broken.

As the others poured out of the hostel I left and walked up the street to Sam's house, catching her as she stepped outside, right on time. She had changed again, now dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a white shirt. She spun to my appreciative wolf whistle to show off how the jeans clung to her every curve. Her long hair pulled into a ponytail reaching down to just above the small of her back. We came together for a quick embrace, a quick kiss that seemed much more nervous than our exchange earlier in the day. We walked further down the street quite shy around each other as we went searching for the town’s only taxI service to take us into the big city of Kirkwall. A 20 minute ride and we soon settled into our seats upstairs overlooking the cathedral in the centre of town.

"So," she asked after our drinks of lager and chilled water had arrived. "This whole "accident" thing. Not your first time then?"

I swallowed a gulp of beer nervously. I had decided not to hold back because if this could work, I was going for it.

"Well. I told you about my two accidents previous". She nodded her remembrance. "They were both genuine accidents but neither accident was my first. I stumbled across watersports in high school after seeing one of the girls there wet herself deliberately to get out of a class. I remember feeling so turned on by watching her do it and I couldn't understand it. Everyone else was disgusted by what she did but not me. I looked it up on the internet. It’s called oromoroshi. Japanese. Basically, a love or fetish for getting desperate or seeing others that way and having accidents. It just turned me on and I can't explain how or why but it does. I tried it at home and was hooked" I looked up to see her staring into my eyes as I spoke. "I never would have wanted you to have an accident like today but I admit, I found the whole thing hot. God knows why it turns me on but......there you go.

The pooping thing kind of followed on logically from that and again the internet showed me that that was its own subset of the whole scat scene which actually freaks me out a little. Having an accident, deliberate or not is one thing, but if it leaves the pants for anything other than being dumped then I'm out." Sam nodded as she followed what I was saying, glancing around quickly to see if anyone could be listening.

"I think I understand. I admit that going when your desperate, I mean so desperate your dancing around like a loon does feel amazing sometimes. I just never considered the idea of just letting it happen an option. When I finally did pee today on the boat all I could think was "holy shit this feels sooo good". As mortified as I was it felt so...fantastic letting go like that. The heat and wetness spreading through the layers. It was indescribable. Even pooping myself. Feeling it slide out slowly, tenting my pants until I had to push to get it out. Feeling it smoosh into a ball under me, spreading out slightly. The new heat of it against my skin. Doing it in front of you was killing me.

I was mortified. "What must he think, good god everything is ruined" but when you held me and told me it was alright it was all too much. The sensations I was feeling and everything. I was embarrassed to cry on you like that but it was so overwhelming." Sam sat back in her seat taking a gulp of her beer then the ice water. "All I could think when I finally got myself together was that I must have misunderstood you, that you had to be disgusted by what I did. When you told me about your own accidents, that you were far from bothered by what I'd done, I was ecstatic." She flashed me that killer grin of hers again. "I hope you appreciated what came next"

I sat back and sighed at her. "To fucking right I did. I had my own little accident to clean up after as well. You weren't alone in your orgasm."

"Shhhhh" she hissed looking around again. No one was close and the light background music hid our conversation. She looked back. "That was.....ok, that was....." Flustered and blushing deep red she glared at me. She gulped a big mouthful of beer again then took a deep breath to calm herself. "That was something else. Doing... It, on my own, I have never had two orgasms or any orgasm like that. I couldn't believe it. I even wet myself again and I thought I was empty. Completely. If that’s what oromoroshi can do to me then...damn." She glanced up, eyes shining again.

"Or maybe it was you. Like I said, I've been crushing on you since we met last year for the intro dives back at uni. You were so much cooler than the others. Their all so obvious and oblivious at the same time. Sniffing around. You were all shy and mysterious and..... dignified. I liked that. I liked you." She reached out and we joined hands across the table. "I'm serious" she continued, almost whispering. "My first time. I want it to be you. If you'll have a wet messy accident-prone girl like me." She looked away, eyes wet now from the tears threatening to spill over, raw emotion plain on her face. I reached out to cup her face with my hand and dragged her back up to look at me before leaning in for a long, deep kiss.

"I would be honoured to be you first" I replied to her question as we broke apart. She blushed again. "I take it from your statement that today's activities were not a one off then?" A smirk was my answer.

"I guess we can see how the beer affects me. After a few I always break the seal far too early". We laughed at her statement and before we could continue a waiter appeared with our starters. As we ate and drank our fill, conversation turned to other things. Music and movies were the main topics but we also discussed our mutual love of gaming, arguing playfully over what was best. Final fantasy or zelda. Sonic or Mario for the old school in us. Eventually, after an excellent meal two jugs of water and four pints of asakI each we payed our bill, Sam refusing to let me cover it saying that her family was loaded where I was usually skint, working two jobs in Edinburgh to pay my way. I was l little miffed but she said that our relationship was going to be....unconventional enough so why stick to normal roles. I relented enough to let her pay half. We then wandered out into town to explore the darkening night and see where it could take us.

The weather started to cool as we wandered around, eventually dipping into a small old fashioned pub thanks to the music drifting out its door. The Pouges featured heavily on the playlist as we sat with fresh drinks between us at a little table near the back, exploring our knowledge of books. The smoky atmosphere not really bothering us as the clientele of older men and woman, obviously locals and not the tourists who were usually thick on the ground in town sat around us unwinding from the day. After a spirited discussion of the works of Sir Terry Pratchett I stared to recognise the signs. Her legs started to rub together and her conversation slowly died to nothing.

A few knowing glances between us were confirmed with a nod and a smile. She was filling up rapidly. I got another round of drinks eager for the start of the entertainment. I could feel my own bladder start to fill as I stood at the bar but experience told me I had at least a couple of hours before I was in real trouble. I slipped in next to her, dragging my chair to sit closer so I could lean into her. Her sent filled my nostrils, the floral hint of her shampoo mingling with a light musk from her perfume. I kissed her again, emboldened by the booze and a growing sense of ease around this remarkable woman. We kissed for several minutes, our hands either linked on the table or running through each other’s hair. As we pulled apart, I nuzzled into her neck and began to whisper.

"You starting to get desperate again aren't you?" My question was answered by a small nod. "Filling up. Fidgeting like a little girl. How long before I get a little dance from you?"

"I don't know" was her quiet little reply, almost squeaked as I nibbled on her ear. "I need to go. It's the beer. I need to go or I'll have an accident right hear in the pub."

"Hmmmm" I breathed onto her. "Poor little baby. Two pee pee accidents in one day. How naughty. Its almost like your getting turned on by the idea."

"Well who's fault is that then? I was perfectly respectable before I met you." Her eye flashed at me again. "Your corrupting my innocent ways. Now, all I can think is about letting go. About the warmth spreading into my panties. Into my jeans. They won't hide a thing. Everyone will be able to see. And it will be your fault." As she said all this her squirming had continued. Our hands on the table separated as she went to hold herself. She gazed into my eyes then leaned in to whisper into my ear. "But it's far too early to start any games yet."

She stood up, bouncing to her feet. "I'm off to the loo. Back in a bit" she wiggled her way out past me, pushing her breasts against my head as she passed. With another impish grin she swayed her hip on the way to the signposted toilets. As she passed, one of the local gents turned to give me a grin and a thumbs up. "I know" I thought to myself returning the gesture with a weak smile. "And you don't know the half of it mate." I sat back in my seat, adjusting myself to hide my now obvious reaction to Sam's game.

When she returned she wordless nodded to me then the loos but broke into a grin at my swift shake of the head. Our conversation turned back to literature then and as the hours started to drift past to the steady march of drinks and her increasingly frequent trips to the toilet, we discussed anything we thought of. Family, hope and aspirations, favourite Pokémon even (Squirtle swiftly agreed by both. I mean come on. What else?). Through all of it, it was my turn to fill. To fidget as my bladder started to stretch. I was desperate now. I knew I had at most 30 minutes in me, probably less if we moved on. As I stared to hold myself discreetly under the table, I could see her excitement rise. Eventually as we finished our fourth pint, she again rose to her feet, this time pulling my to mine.

"I want to go for a walk" she exclaimed, dragging me to the door. I followed her into the night, waving and yelling our goodbyes to the bar staff who shouted their own goodbyes. I made it into the street without hobbling like a fool but in the cold air, it hit me like a sledgehammer I felt my bladder contract and my muscles started to ache. Looking across I could see the cold having a similar effect on Sam with the added benefit of watching her nipples harden against the fabric of her shirt, now pulled in tight against her perky breasts.

As we moved across the road and into a small open area of grassy parkland next to the cathedral, I felt my pee start to move. I was having to seriously squeeze myself now, gripping the end of my cock for all’s worth. Samantha looked almost as bad, one hand holding herself shamelessly but she had been to the toilet only 15 minutes before and, even accounting for the broken seal, was nowhere near as bad. As we sat on a wooden bench I felt the first pulse of my bladder, a seconds worth of flow, warming and dampening my briefs, the heat and wetness spreading into a spot the size of a £2 coin in my crotch.

As I gasped loudly at the loss of control Samantha's eyes snapped to my crotch.

"Did you?" She asked, her breathing shallow and harsh in the quiet night.

"A little" was my curt reply. All effort was in trying to stop the impending flood. This was serious. The last time I did this I was humiliated in front of nearly a hundred strangers but now, as scared as I was of the coming accident, of being in public, of Sam realising this wasn't for her and leaving me alone and soaked on that bench I realised I had neither a choice or any real desire to stop. I leaned back, one arm around Samantha's shoulders the other now placed on my thigh.

Even as my cock swelled before the pee started to lash out of me, I felt Samantha's hand replace mine. She rubbed my crotch, a sharp intake of breath at feeling the dampness followed by a squeal of delight as my thick stream of piss flooded my jeans. I could feel it hitting my pubic hair before flowing up and back down around my hips. Instantly soaking through the layers of my clothing. Running over my rapidly growing cock, the warmth enveloping my balls before flooding the seat under me and running off to the grass below.

A hissing, burbling sound filled the air as it filtered through my saturated jeans, my own gasps halted as we both held our breath as I completely went to the toilet in my clothes, completely flooded myself, the bench and Sam's hand, now rubbing up my growing length through the soaked material. And still it kept coming. I knew I could hold a lot but damn. It seemed to go on for minutes. I could feel every part of my jeans were soaked now, my stream collecting on the wooden slats, dripping down the back of my legs till my socks started to feel a familiar warm wetness.

It spread beside me, slowly dampening the leg and seat of Samantha's own jeans. The bottom of my shirt was even getting a drenching as I had sat partially on the back of it. My breathing finally returned to normal as the stream started to die. Both of us sat in wonder at what had happened. As Sam's hand continued its rubbing, before I even knew what was happening, I came hard, flooding my briefs with a new, slick wetness. I gasped and bent over, my free hand grabbing hers and holding it in place as I felt my cock pulse again and again. A feral groan escaped me as I sat there, completely out of control of my own body.

As I came down I looked over to her shakily. The eyes that met mine where wide, shining bright in the scatter off the floodlight enveloping the nearby cathedral. She was flushed and sweaty, strands of her hair plastered damply against her forehead, the rest still in its tight ponytail. She leaned in for our most hungry, passionate kiss yet. Our lips and tongues met, her free hand, now wet with my pee ran up my chest under my polo, my own, damp now as well, groped at her through her shirt. She bit my lip wildly and I tasted blood but the pain was sharp and exciting.

Without words I started to pull her onto me and she straddled me on the seat. The heat I felt as I rubbed her through her jeans, the dampness I swore I felt had nothing to do with her own impending flood. Her nipples were hard under my touch, my hand quickly finding its way into her shirt, pulling it up. A lacy dark red satin bra greeted me, panels of sheer lace showing of her dark little nipples. I hungrily leaned in to kiss them, tasting a trace of my own salty pee from my groping.

As she pushed her chest into my face my other hand felt a brief wave of wetness. I pushed her back slightly, letting me gaze down to the expanding rose on her jeans. She shuddered, her breath held again as a second wave flooded out of her, her thighs now darkening rapidly. Again she stopped, holding on for all she could. I continued rubbing her, returning the her earlier favour. I lent back in to kiss the other breast, first licking the exposed skin before tonguing then biting gently on the nipple. I was rewarded with a deep moan from her and a third much longer flood. This time, as the first of her drops stared to fall on me she couldn't stop.

Another moan was coupled with an increase in flow, the drops becoming a stream and for the second time that night my crotch was flooded with the warm wetness of pee as her bladder emptied it's self into her outfit, streaming noisily out of her sodden jeans to run over my stomach as she rose on her knees, flooding more of my shirt, everything I had on now drenched from below my chest. The heat spread around us and my rubbings had the desired effect. Even as she peed for all she was worth, she screamed as her orgasm swept over her, arching her back enough that I had to grab her and pull her tight to me to stop her falling off. Her nails bit into my shoulder blade where she was grabbing me, the pain playing nicely again, cutting through my own feeling of ecstasy from my duel release. As she spent herself, her muscles relaxed and, as her stream died, she flopped onto me. I once again received a face full of her breasts as she clutched at me. God I loved this woman

After a minute or so of hard breathing we both sat up, stealing a gentle kiss before pulling apart. That’s when we both realised we were sitting in a small cloud of steam from the cold night and our bladder's efforts. Samantha looked at me, giggled then burst out laughing. She jumped off the bench then started to skip around in front of me as I lent back into the bench, my legs spread wide in our steaming puddle.

"I knew that was hot" she laughed at me, "but I didn't realise it was smoking hot,". I groaned and then laughed at her joke. This incredible woman and her incredibly lame jokes. How had I thought she was funny? At that moment I didn't care. As she danced in her soaked jeans before me, I realised that she was as hooked on me as I was on her. To show her dorky side like this, skipping and dancing in her wetness, was probably even more a big deal than sharing said wetting and orgasm. I stood up and pulled her into a deep kiss as I once again reflected how lucky I was, and how much I was going to enjoy the last half of this diving course.

###

I haven't written it yet but I am planning at least 5 or 6 more parts to this story, as the relationship continues to grow and as we continue to explore ourselves and our mutual fetish. If people want, I can release updates with and without any further messing. There won't be much, but it will be there. Let me know i guess.

*006*2019-05-11 03:08

Thanks everyone. I'm happy to know people like my work. Between life and work, time is limited but it important to me that I work on this story. I hope to have the next chapter or two finished soon. may include (and will by the end), female wetting, male wetting, messing (both), sex, bed wetting and diapers. I hope you all enjoy.

Any feed back or suggestions are welcome.

