Everyday Life With a Fetishist (Monster Musume)

Author: Captain L

*000*2015-10-13 23:52

Author's Note: This isn't the entire story. This was just supposed to be the intro, it just ended up being long enough that I could post it here already.

###

It was a nice day in Japan, though what city Papi couldn't recall. It was probably mentioned a lot, but that was a lot to remember. All that mattered to the harpy was that the sky was a perfect blue that matched her hair perfectly, very few clouds to break it up, and a very bright sun that hurt bad to look at. But the light looked really cool as it shined through Papi's slime friend, Suu, the parts of her translucent blue body not covered by the yellow raincoat dyeing the glow against the concrete walk.

The two monster girls were on their usual walk through the park, enjoying a warm day away from Kimihito's busy home, but they had to be careful. As monster girls, they weren't allowed to be out without host accompaniment...maybe. Papi didn't remember any rules against being out. All that mattered was that Papi and Suu were enjoying themselves.

However, just due to poor planning, Papi was distressed at the moment. Miia had been taking up the toilet around the time the two left the house, so Papi didn't use it even if there was the desire, and she didn't think that would be a problem. Now, she was really regretting ignoring that most basic need, because it had come back to bite her. Hard. Less than an hour later, she could already be considered “desperate”, and that was an understatement. Her scaled legs were rubbing together, her short denim shorts pressing against her panties. At least she was unable to button her shorts due to only having a claw on the end of her wings, so it wasn’t constricting her bladder. Small comforts, though.

Suu was fascinated by the way Papi was struggling. With a gelatinous form as hers, that ability to morph, she was always on the watch for actions to copy to better imitate organic girls. And right now, Papi was doing something Suu had never seen before. She wasn’t about to copy it blindly, but she was observing, to find the function.

It took a few seconds before Papi realized she was being watched, thankfully only by Suu and not the random passerby. It took a little for her to realize what was happening, but Papi did catch on. “You don’t know anything about pee, do you, Suu?” Just thinking about it was making her need feel worse, and she pressed the tips of her wings between her legs, spreading the feathers perpendicular to her chest.

Suu tilted her head in confusion, unsure what Papi was referring to. Either despite or because of her liquid composition, while she did intake and expel water to satisfy thirst and filter chemicals, she had no biological need to relieve herself. She didn't even have the anatomy to do so, no internal organs or urethra, she was nothing more than animated goo.

Right now, Papi didn't have time to explain anything. The poor girl was bursting to leak, she needed something, anything, to answer nature's call in. There was no public bathroom within immediate sight, which meant the nearest one was too far for the harpy to make, so she needed an alternative. And now, she'd take just about anything.

Her attention was first drawn to the fountain, with streams flowing out from a spire in the center, probably the worst thing a direly desperate girl could see. It had water, that was enough to make Papi consider it, but Master got mad at her last time she used that fountain. Even if he wasn't here, she wouldn't do something he was against. She needed a second option right now, her body couldn't hold out much longer, she was already wavering and whimpering under the pain.

Next in her vision were the bushes, off to the side of the walk. Not very tall or wide, they were nothing more than scattered shrubbery that were not at all suited for a potty, Papi was going to move onto another choice. Her bladder caught wind of that and wasn't having any of it, which it articulated by sending a spasm through her abdomen, threatening to release its contents if its demands were not meant. With that agony coursing through her, Papi really had no choice but to give in and do her business in the flora, which she made no hesitation in waddling towards with her wings still firmly planted on her shorts. Suu followed slowly, unsure where her friend was going.

It was a difficult journey, but Papi made it behind the plants safely. Relatively, of course, she wasn't completely dry upon reaching her destination, a stream of urine escaped into her panties every few steps, but they were small enough to ignore in sight of the greater objective. Due to her stilted walk, Suu had no problem staying close, and both were out of sight.

Papi looked around nervously for any people who could see her, which were gratefully absent. It didn't really matter, nothing was going to stop the dam from bursting, publicly or not. And she was ready to let it happen, freeing her wings while continuing to jiggle her legs to keep the flood at bay. She didn't need to worry about the button on her shorts, but there was still a zipper preventing her from just removing the denim, a zipper that needed to come down this second. Gripping the metal as best as she could with a claw, she pulled downwards with as much force as she could manage, only to be met with resistance. The zipper wasn't moving.

Papi didn't believe it at first. “W-what's going on,” she asked, a breathy tone to her voice. She gave it a few more tugs, but there was no give. “Nonononono, please come off,” she begged like her clothes would listen and comply. “I have to go tinkle so much, it needs to be now!” She pulled her zipper even more, harder and harder, giving no consideration to the strain it was putting on her bladder. Absolutely no progress was made.

It wasn't so much that the zipper was stuck, but Papi couldn't get a good grip, her avian anatomy wouldn't allow it when her wings were shaking. Maybe it could be accomplished, but she was going to need help, really soon because she had about a minute left at best. And wasn't it just her luck, she had Suu. “Suu, please, help me take my shorts off.”

Suu had her habits of going after the girls below the waist, it was something she had grown fond of. But now, Papi, her closest companion, was sincerely asking for her help. She couldn't refuse that. Besides, if she did Papi a favor, perhaps she would be repaid. She didn't say anything, but she reached out towards Papi's pants with full intentions of assisting.

Suu had forgotten that she was a slime creature, the reason she wore a rubber raincoat for clothing, because otherwise she'd just soak through the garment. That's exactly what happened, as soon as she touched the jean shorts, her fingers just passed through, the moisture turning the light blue denim much darker. Suddenly, Suu was losing hydration, and that was dangerous.

Papi ran through a gambit of thoughts and emotions in the following seconds. First was the surprise that Suu was unable to help, which was succeeded by Papi cursing herself for not realizing that before. Trailing just behind was the shock of the cold water on the bottom of her belly and top of her panties, which wasn't going to stay chilled for long. Both because of the surprise at the situation and the frigid shock on her bulging bladder, she was unable to contain her pee any longer.

Papi made a few squeaks in response, she pushed her wings back into her crotch, knocking Suu away. She bent her knees and stuck her butt out behind her, shaking it on the low chance it would help her hold it past this surge of desperation. Of course, that was never going to work, and the warm yellow liquid began further darkening her shorts as it streamed through her feathers, turning her inner thighs and scales shiny, puddling into the grass and dirt below.

Papi was frozen in place, her body not accepting what was happening, but her emotions reacted by making her cry, growing in intensity. While she looked and acted young, she was a grown-up, and grown-ups didn't wet their pants like she was. She tried her best, but despite all her efforts, she was still having an accident. And just to add insult to injury, getting her wings wet meant she would be unable to fly until they dried, which would have to wait until after she bathed to get the smell out.

Suu was watching closely, not out of pity, but hunger. As a slime, she needed to stay hydrated to stay alive, and an outdoors summer day meant she was losing water quickly, even more with some of her on Papi right now. She was already withering, it was just about survival. She needed life-giving liquid, and right in front of her was a girl covered in it, releasing more and more. A more perfect opportunity could not exist.

There was no warning, Suu’s shape transformed into something more like a blob, which slid along the ground right under Papi in just about a second, absorbing all of her puddle while also consuming the steady stream falling from above. Papi didn’t even move before Suu had finished that share and was sliding up her legs, absorbing everything coating them. Now, with sticky slime constricting both of her legs, Papi had no chance of escape.

Suu's form continued ascending until she was entirely covering Papi's shorts, taking in everything she was letting out. Suu's natural gyrations to absorb everything were massaging Papi's privates just right, making her breathing ragged. It was enough to make her temporarily forget her first shame, but now she was going to get wet with something else, because Suu was bringing her to orgasm. Even with a rapidly emptying bladder, she just couldn't stop peeing, and as long as she continued, so would Suu.

With stimulation like that, Papi couldn't last much longer. Her pee was abruptly cut off as she climaxed with a high-pitched shout, which Suu lapped up. If she kept it up, there were going to be multiple orgasms, and they couldn't remain hidden that long. Luckily, even with more urine trickling out, there wasn't enough left in her for Suu to remain latched on. Papi's bladder ran out and Suu separated once she realized, right as Papi was getting excited again.

Suu turned back into her female form and acted like nothing had just happened. She was back to normal size and smiling, but something about her looked off. Papi, meanwhile, was shuddering in place in the aftershocks, but she looked fine. Her shorts had all moisture sucked out, nothing remained on her legs, the dirt was fully dry, there was no evidence a wetting had just taken place. Papi would have been happy with that outcome, if the road to it wasn't so violating.

Still, it was better that she didn't dwell on it, just pretend it didn't happen. Silently, she put her wings to her sides and walked away, Suu following, swinging her arms. Their destination was their home now, before they were missed. Their time out would be considered nonexistent, leaving this entirely behind them.

*003*2015-10-21 00:31

Author's Note: Since this story is unlike a lot of my others in that it's one story with a lot of scenes, I decided to make a new post once every scene is completed. I'm a slow writer, this means I can keep content coming. Also, the more posts I make, the faster my reputation can go up.

###

As soon as they got back, Papi headed straight for the bath, thankfully unoccupied at the time. Suu had certainly cleaned up her legs, but her wings were still wet and the feathers were starting to stick together. Sitting in the warm water, she was preening out the feathers that had become too dirty to properly wash, trying to purposefully forget something for once. Certainly wasn’t the first time Suu had her fun with her or any of the other girls, but it wasn’t fun any time it happened. At least things were quiet now, a rarity in this house.

She started lightly humming some sort of tune so long as she could hear it over her splashing, and when her song hit a high note, a loud scream echoed from somewhere else in the building, a shout not unlike death itself. The loud noise scared Papi, all the more reason she needed to see what the cause was. What if Master was in danger? Jumping out of the water, she ran out the door, not drying herself off or putting on any clothing.

Bolting through the house, her talons scratching on the wood floor, she soon reached the source of the noise, because it wasn't far away. It was right outside an ajar toilet door, Lala the dullahan pressed up against the opposite wall in terror. Her chest was heaving and her black eyes were wide with fear. Papi noticed her black panties were at her ankles as well, oblivious that this was a minor clothing error compared to her own, and that there were a few tiny drops of water on the floor leading from Lala to the toilet door. She couldn't place together what, but Papi could tell something interesting happened here.

While Papi was the first to arrive due to original proximity, everyone else would not be far behind, as the loud clopping of hooves running across the floor from down the hall attested to. Centorea, or Cerea, the centaur appeared from around the corner, brandishing her sword as she looked around the room for clues to the scream. She only briefly acknowledged Papi's nudity because terrified Lala was much more prevalent. Cerea sighed and sheathed her blade. “You say you're death's messenger, Lala?”

“Do not use my name so lightly, centaur. What is inside that commode is not to be trifled with, for it assaulted a reaper.” She was avoiding looking at the toilet, she wouldn't without her scythe to feel tough.

“Is it a new girl,” Papi asked excitedly, always happy to make new friends.

“IT BETTER NOT BE!” Everyone looked around to find that shout. They knew who it was, they just needed to be on guard for when she approached. Paired with it was another shout, one just as easily identified. There was only one male in the house, after all. A long, red streak bolted through the hall, sliding to a halt to block the toilet door. It was their resident lamia, Miia, and she had her darling Kimihito wrapped in her tail, swinging him around.

“Miia, this really isn't necessary,” Kimihito yelled, his voice distorted by the rapid motion of his entire person. Miia dropped him with a squeak of embarrassment, where he rubbed his butt from the hard landing. “Now, what's going on over here?”

“Lala got scared by something in the toilet,” Papi cheerfully explained. Lala gave her a stare worthy of death, which Papi was faced the wrong way to notice.

That's what made Kimihito really notice Papi for the first time, and as such, he was suddenly very aware of her streaking. His eyes bulged out and he covered his eyes, something red dripping from his nose. Didn't take him long before he turned to face the wall, not willing to look at this any longer than he already had.

Miia didn't want him looking either, so she stuck her tail out and wrapped Papi up completely, covering all her private parts. “What do you think you're doing?! Keep your clothes on around my Darling!” Once Papi was constricted tight enough that her nudity would no longer be a distraction, Miia turned Kimihito back, wiping his upper lip with his wrist.

“Sorry,” he apologized. “What scared you, Lala?”

“Watch your tongue, human,” she threatened. “If you wish to investigate, do so with caution. The vile creature has no conscience or remorse, it shall strike with ferocity and...” Just as she was describing it, the door opened further for the culprit to emerge from hiding. Lala wasn't waiting to see, she screamed at the first sight and tried to run, but her underwear around her ankles tripped her and sent her face-down into the floor away from everyone, and her skirt was not long enough to cover what it desperately needed to. Without wasting a second, she crawled away on her knees to give herself distance before yanking her panties back up where they belonged so she could jump back to her feet and escape.

Everyone else just watched her run as the door opened fully, and Suu was the only thing that exited. Her expression was blank, she just wanted to see what the excitement was. Cerea shook her head and sighed with a hint of a grumble. “What were you doing in there, Suu?” Suu shrugged and walked away, she didn't have a reason to stay.

Miia watched her leave with jealousy in her eyes. “She's been absorbing water again. Her boobs are way bigger than usual. Of course, they don't measure up to mine,” she boasted, squeezing her breasts together with her forearms to make them appear larger. It was a bit of a futile effort when Cerea, queen of humongous tits, was standing next to her for direct comparison.

“Anyone else think Suu's looking a little more...green than usual,” Kimihito asked.

“Snakes don't see color like humans do,” Miia answered. “But she's a lot less see-through than I remember. She absorb anything weird lately?”

“She's not acting mean like she did with poison,” Papi offered. She didn't want to admit that she knew what Suu had drank, she didn't want anyone to make fun of her for wetting herself.

“I'm going to see if Lala is okay, I haven't seen her like this before.” Kimihito was a caring individual, and he was off to spread his love. The action had passed with an awkward silence filling the void, so Cerea left too. Miia followed Darling, her tail's grip on Papi loosening and releasing. The harpy, alone in the hall, remembered she still had a warm bath and rushed off to resume it. She could have slipped on the water her wet body left from her presence, but the floor was suddenly entirely dry, not that she noticed.

*004*2015-11-08 04:05

Papi was happily resting in her nest, a nice soft bed with a quilt blanket that kept her warm through the night. Sunlight was beginning to stream into the window through the blinds, forcing her out of sleep against her will. She rolled over to face the other way, hoping it would cut just enough light from her vision to allow her some more slumber. Maybe it would work, but then she remembered: breakfast. The real reason to get out of bed, Master made good food so long as he was the one in charge of cooking. The other girls were ravenous, if Papi didn’t go for the first round of eating, she wouldn’t get anything. That wasn’t something she could afford to miss, so she began forcing herself out from under the covers, even if she was still groggy.

Lazily, she stood up with a yawn and slowly walked to the door, a memory trying its absolute best to be recalled. As she began pulling the door open, it struck her. Summer was hot, and her means to stay cool during the nights was removing clothing; right now all she had was a sleeveless shirt that hung just slightly below her waist and absolutely nothing else. She couldn't just go out like that (if she was aware), she needed to get dressed into day clothes. At the same speed as the rest of her movements in the morning, she walked to her piles of clothing to pick out her attire. First step was to shed everything she had already, so she carefully pinched the sides of her shirt and lifted it over her head. Her head fit through easily, it was getting her wings through the shoulder straps where the challenge lied. It took some effort, but the shirt was removed and she threw it somewhere in the room.

From the piles of clean clothes, Papi grabbed a white tank top, khaki short shorts, and a pair of slightly off-white panties. No need for a bra when her breasts were quite small. She preferred a black top to white, but she wore her black one yesterday and she had hurriedly thrown all of her clothes in the wash before anyone could see what had happened, accidentally including the top that wasn’t wet at all. She had yet to retrieve those clothes, so she just had to make do with what she had access to, taking her selections to her bed. Sitting, she picked up the panties as well as she could, bent down and slid her legs through them, being careful to not let her talons rip through them, and then did the same with her shorts. Finally, she lifted the shirt over her head and dropped through it, squeezing her wings through the large armholes. Now fully dressed, she left the room into the light of the rest of the house.

In the main rooms, Papi was drawn in by the sounds of cooking in the kitchen. “Master's such a good cook, I wonder what he's making Papi now.” Her eyes closed in happiness, she blindly wandered into the kitchen, amazingly not colliding with any furniture on the way, and opened her sights when the sounds were really close. In the process of licking her lips, she could now see the chef, and her tongue stopped dead in its tracks at the middle of her mouth. Standing in front of the stove was Miia, once again practicing what could charitably be called “food”. Suddenly, Papi wasn't feeling hungry. “Didn't Master say you weren't allowed to cook unless he was here?”

“I'm going to surprise him when he gets back, a good wife having a meal prepared for her Darling husband.”

A light clopping sound entered the room around the same time, it could only be the centaur. Cerea yawned and rubbed her eyes as she trotted in. “Where is Master, anyway?”

“He said he was going shopping, he took Mero with him,” Miia answered. “He shouldn't take long.” She pulled the pot off the stove and poured its unidentifiable contents into a bowl. “Until then, enjoy breakfast,” she happily shouted, holding the bowl out towards Papi.

Papi needed to get out, before she had to eat Miia’s food. And Suu wasn’t around to secretly feed it to. “Where is Suu, anyway?”

“She can stay hidden until everyone else has eaten,” Miia responded, a little angry. “I know you’re using her as a garbage disposal for food you don’t like. How am I supposed to improve if no one eats my food?”

Cerea wasn’t having that. “Yes, you know because you do it too. I’ve seen you. You’re not improving anyways, why does it matter if we eat?”

“Because what kind of self-respecting wife can’t cook for her husband? If I can become an amazing chef, Darling will have to marry me! I just need enough practice until I’m an expert!” Miia’s rant was interrupted by something else in the room she just noticed. “Papi, why are you bouncing like that?”

Papi didn't notice it herself, but Miia was right. Papi's right leg was rapidly quivering up and down, making her whole body vibrate. Might have been because she was still waking up, but only then did the cause hit her; she needed to pee. Somehow, she didn't notice until now, but it was bad, really bad. When was the last time she had gone? If she was remembering correctly, it hadn't been since her incident yesterday. That was over 12 hours, how could she ignore that need for so long, even when there was a chunk of time where she was sleeping? Well, what mattered now was that she was desperate, no question about it. “I gotta pee,” she shouted as her wings flew between her legs, bolting towards the bathroom. Miia and Cerea looked at each other inquisitively as Papi ran off, and they both came to the conclusion that her ineptitude in her bodily functions were excused by her immaturity, this kind of outburst wasn't out of character.

Papi ran through the house until she reached the toilet door, and a wave of relief washed over her at the thought of release, or maybe she leaked something out. Her luck couldn't be that good, however, because the door had to be closed. Not just closed, but locked too. Papi moaned at the thought of having to wait, but there was nothing she could do about it, she just took position at the left of the door to wait until the room was vacant. She was quiet, but she wasn't comfortable. Her wings still in their place, her scaly knees rubbed together rhythmically as she whimpered from the wait.

A minute passed, and the strain her bladder was putting on her was starting to make her legs weak. Unable to continue standing, Papi sat down on the floor, her knees up to her chest, legs still shaking and grinding. She couldn't even keep her eyes opened through the sharp aches, they were shut tight. If whoever was occupying the restroom didn't leave soon, Papi wouldn't make it. She could already feel the pressure on the inner walls of her bladder, trying so hard to burst free, regardless of what its owner wanted or pleaded.

Only a little more time went by before Papi hit the next phase of desperation, and she was high enough on the scale already. Before she could clench any muscles to prevent it, a few drops came loose in her panties. Her eyes widened as she took a sharp breath inwards, doing anything she could to keep the leaks at that. Nothing else was squirting out, but the dampness in her underwear was there and warm against her privates. Now absolutely dying, Papi jumped up to her feet and tried the door again.

Of course, it didn't give this time, but she wasn't about to give up. One wing still on her shorts, the other began loudly knocking on the door. She wasn't saying anything, her brain wasn't up to processing words now, but she kept banging, more coming out with each swing. No response. She was getting ever closer to a full accident again, she wouldn't let that happen a second time. Both wings back where she had been putting them, she slid to the other side of the door to continue her pain in silence.

As the seconds ticked, Papi's control continued to slip away. First it was tiny leaks, which then graduated to spurts before reaching little streams at a steady rate. Wouldn't be long before it all poured out, which she attempted to combat by keeping her thighs pressed together, her feet spread apart. Right now, all she could do was shake and weep and pray the door would open soon, which was beginning to look even more hopeless. Even so, she wanted to delay the inevitable.

While Papi was suffering, a creaking sound started next to her, which her head jolted to turn towards. Like a miracle, the toilet door started opening from the inside towards Papi, when a head poked out from behind. It was Suu, staring at Papi like she was the weird one.

Papi was...surprised to see Suu. Slime girls didn't use toilets, and if she wanted hydration, she would have gone for the bath or the kitchen sink. Just like yesterday, she was in there, and they had no idea why. Much more importantly, Suu was still standing in the door frame, meaning the only path to Papi's current happiness was blocked. It was such an upsetting thought that she didn't even pay attention to Suu's growing yellow tint, which very well could have just been her body reflecting her yellow raincoat.

Suu was watching Papi too, specifically the dance she was doing. It was the same dance she did in the park yesterday, the one that meant Suu was about to get something good. But there was something else about the way she was moving, her little dance was mesmerizing to Suu. But she didn't understand it, she had never experienced any of the feelings that led a girl to do a potty dance, yet she still couldn't look away. She couldn't fathom why, but she started imitating, pulling the bottom brim of her jacket down towards her knees as she pressed her thighs together (which somehow didn't cause them to form together), and wiggled her hips, just like the harpy.

Papi didn’t understand why Suu was suddenly copying her motions, but watching someone else do the pee dance was a horrible reminder of her own condition, and suddenly she couldn’t wait even a second longer. Shoving Suu aside, she sprinted into the room and slammed the door behind her. Now, the view of the facilities were making Papi’s bladder beg to be taken care of, still clothed or not. The unstoppable leaks had begun, they were soaking through to her shorts already, she had to hurry. The toilet was right inside the door, at least, it was just clothing in her way. Amazing how the exact same thing happened to her two days in a row.

This time, however, she was determined to not let the same result come about. Standing in front of the toilet seat, her legs still pressed together at the knees, she used one wing's claw to tug at her zipper because the button was still not a problem. She was expecting it to not work just like last time, but it came down quite easily, in fact. Gravity took care of the rest as the loose shorts fell down without wings between the legs holding them up. Her body certainly took note of that and decided it was time to go already, relaxing its muscles and letting her bladder's contents loose.

“Nonono, stay in stay in stay in,” Papi shouted in her high and squeaky voice as the warm liquid streamed through her panties and down her legs, puddling on the tile floor beneath her talons. Her body was not listening to her demands, it had waited too long for this, and she needed to work around it. She needed to get her panties down, but they were already soaked and getting worse; what's the worse that could happen if she left them on?

“No time, I have to do this!” Turning around, she sat on the toilet without undressing further, and stopped fighting. Somehow, despite already losing control, willingly letting the rest go made the stream so much more violent. Papi couldn't help but vocalize her approval as her urine poured out of her, crashing into the water below with an echoing din. “Ahhhhhhh,” she sighed happily, her voice cracking in the ecstasy of relief. Knocking off her shorts so nothing was constricting her ankles, she kicked her feet in rhythm, hitting the porcelain with her heels. Of course, she wasn't pleased that she was essentially still wetting herself, the growing warmth against her privates reminding her, but it honestly wasn't that high of a priority in her mind.

That blissful ignorance couldn't last forever because she couldn't stay lost in her peeing, her capacity was only so large and reaching its end. The stream sputtered as it hit the end of her reserves, the last few drops joining their brethren. Now she could focus on her basically an accident, which still wasn't that bad in her mind, in context at least. This time her shorts didn't get too wet, nobody saw her, and she didn't have to make a journey home. Her only concern was getting her clothes washed before she was noticed, and getting that puddle off the floor.

First things first, a little personal cleaning. She stood up and slid her panties down, picking them up once they were off and tossing them into a pile with her shorts, and walked to the sink. She turned the faucet on and rinsed the feathers on the ends of her wings, the only parts of the wings that got wet. She dried them off with the hand towel hanging on a rung, right before something else came to her. “I have to wash my legs too, I can’t walk around with them like this.” Wouldn’t be as easy to clean them without a bath, but she could make do with the sink. She got the tips of her wings wet again and began wiping them down her legs, replacing one liquid with another, cleaner alternative.

It took a while, but Papi did get herself tidied up, all urine off and the plain water dried off with the hand towel. Now, it was just her clothes that needed attention. “If I wash them out, I can hang them to dry, and Master never has to deal with them!” She just needed to gather them, wash them in the sink and she'd be free. If only she could find them. “Didn't I put them down on the floor right here?” Papi was sure, but a memory as bad as hers couldn't be trusted. She checked basically everywhere in the room for the missing items, and was bending over on her knees and elbows to see what could be hiding behind the toilet, when the loud sound of running hooves got closer to her location, and the door crashed open because Papi didn't have the time to lock it.

Cerea burst in uninvited, so she was seeing full frontal Papi butt on the floor, not something she needed to bear witness to. “Where did your pants go,” she asked with a sense of disdain and disbelief, like it shouldn't have been possible to lose her clothing when she had it just minutes earlier.

“I don't know where they went! I had them when I came in, I took them off to clean myself, and when I looked back, they were gone!” She slid back out into the open part of the room and stood up to face Cerea. The view from the front of bottomless Papi was no more modest.

Miia slithered into view, leaning on Cerea's horse back, looking like she knew something. “Papi...did you have an accident?”

Papi's face broke out in a bright red blush that nicely contrasted her blue hair and wings. Obviously, that was an embarrassing thing to confess to, but the way Miia and soon Cerea were staring at her, it was boring a hole through her soul, she couldn't keep up the facade. “Y-yeah, I did. But please don't tell Master!”

Miia snapped her fingers in realization. “I was right! Suu took them, it had to have been her!”

That just didn't make any sense to Papi. Suu was a good girl, why would she steal? “But why? What would Suu want with my shorts? She already has clothes.”

Cerea took the chance to explain to Papi. She didn't trust Miia to handle such a delicate answer to someone so innocent, but now she was blushing too with the subject matter about to be breached. “Well, you see...considering the changes we've seen in her over the last day, Miia proposed that perhaps Suu...it's very possible that she's developed...she might be...”

Miia interrupted, she was not a patient snake and a lot more blunt. “Suu's got a pee fetish. She was tormenting Lala yesterday, she took your wet clothes, and she was spying on me in here this morning too. Cerea says she's been getting even greener, like she's been absorbing it all. Where does she pick these things up?”

Papi knew the answer but wouldn't respond. Admitting one accident was bad enough, how could she explain she had an even worse one yesterday? What Miia was saying made sense, Suu was always a sexual girl, and this was no more forward than her usual practices. And they had lived with Suu long enough to know, when she was in a mood like this, they needed to keep their distance. “So what do we do, then?”

“We stay away from her,” Miia explained. “At least until Darling gets home, she listens to him. Until then, do not use the toilet, don't give her the chance. Will you be able to handle that,” she asked smugly, looking at Cerea.

“I am a proud knight, as I have stated many times before.” Cerea placed a hand over her heart as a salute, which looked more like she copping a feel on herself. “I am prepared to fight for my Master's life in combat no matter the risk. Holding my bladder is nothing.”

“Good, because I don't know when Darling's coming home, he didn't take his phone. If you see Suu, keep an eye on her, make sure she doesn't try anything. I'll tell Lala, you two stay alert.” Miia slithered out to find the dullahan, Cerea and Papi going their own separate ways. Neither of them noticed the greenish blob stuck to the ceiling, watching.

*007*2016-01-04 04:04

Author's Note: Hey, it's kind of like I'm writing My Little Pony stuff again.

###

Cerea sat quietly in her room, her legs tucked under her horse body as she laid on the floor mat, reading a book. The traditional Japanese look of the room, her silent demeanor as she partook in a dignified pastime, it was easy to see she was formal, as a knight should be. However, while it was hidden beneath the black cloth over her horse half, she was not entirely still, her back haunches were shifting in their places, and maybe a little whimper could be heard if one listened carefully. Cerea was not comfortable.

It had been a few hours since they had agreed on the Suu plan. After it was finalized, Cerea informed Lala because Miia didn't do it like she said she would, and retreated to her room to pass the time. It wasn't her job to look after Suu, that was Papi's position, Cerea just wanted to relax if she had nothing to do. True, she could have also practiced with her weapons, but...she didn't want to tire herself out, it was important for her to save her strength.

Still, even with careful allocation of energy, Cerea was struggling. Time had passed, and that naturally meant her bladder was filling. Actually, she already felt a need before they had decided on the course of action to deal with the rogue slime hours ago, and needed to contain it past the point she would have taken care of herself under normal circumstances. Even with a larger body and training to restrain her functions, the need would eventually catch up with her, and that time was happening now. It wasn’t “urgent”, but certainly and undeniably “uncomfortable and desperate”.

“You're going to be fine, Centorea,” she convinced herself. “You've held it longer than this before, it isn't that hard.” Nevertheless, she bit her bottom lip nervously as she felt the urine slosh around inside her. “But it's not going to be easy, either.”

###

It couldn't have been more than an hour since, but now Cerea was in bad shape. She had to pee so badly now she couldn't sit still, she was constantly shifting her weight from side to side, her face broken out in a bright red from the heat, caused by the stress of holding. Her book now looked more like jumbled pages of characters when she couldn't spare the energy to concentrate on anything else, anything to take her mind off her bladder.

She didn't want to admit it, but she couldn't spend any more time waiting. “I can't do this anymore, I have to do my business now.” Shakily, she stood up on all four legs, where her hind legs only stayed separated for a second before she pushed them together to provide a little relief. Her front legs, meanwhile, were trotting in place, her hooves making a light clopping sound on the floor mat. “However, I don't know how to do so.”

She needed relief. If the toilets hadn't opened yet, Cerea wouldn't make it. However, as she soon considered, that was an “if”, she wasn't entirely certain yet. “Perhaps Master has returned and disciplined Suu for her actions, and I simply had not noticed.” That's what she chose to believe because that scenario would end the best for her. Taking a few seconds to compose herself, she left her room to search for Master.

As she emerged out of her privacy, Cerea noticed the place was quiet. That was probably an indication Master wasn't home, because then everyone would be swarming around him. She wasn't giving up so easily, however. “It's possible he has simply requested silence,” she decided, though with little confidence. Wandering the halls of the house, Cerea couldn't find anyone, not even the other girls. It was the same for any room she entered, barring the other girls' bedrooms.

Now, Cerea was a little curious. With a stiffness in her walk that would have given away how much she needed to go if there was anyone to see, she opened the door to the bedroom closest to her current position, which happened to be Miia's. She didn't knock as she should have, it was not all that important to her right now. Luckily, Miia wasn't doing anything private, just reading a cookbook in a futile attempt to improve her skills. “I take it Master is still out on his errands?”

“I haven't seen Darling yet. Do you need him for something?”

“...not particularly. I merely wished to have his company.” After her earlier reassurance that her bodily functions would not pose a problem, Cerea couldn't admit how desperate was now. She was at least taking internal comfort that Miia was also quietly reading in her room, she needed the distraction just as much as Cerea did. “If you haven't seen him, I'll leave you be.” She walked out, noticing Miia start looking really uncomfortable out of the corner of her eye.

“Damn,” Cerea quietly vented once she was out of earshot. It was unbecoming for a knight, or a lady, to swear like that, but she didn't have another way to express her resentment for her predicament. All four of her legs were trotting in place again and now her tail was flicking backwards in response to the mounting pressure against her rear. Even her body was telling her to just piss already, no matter how she was clothed or standing in the hallway. “What am I supposed to do now, I really can't hold this any longer.”

Most people will find, whether fully human or not, that they begin considering some truly insane options when they're on the verge of wetting themselves. Suddenly, almost anything can be seen as a good enough toilet, so long as it got their bladder empty. This was the state of mind Cerea was currently in, everything that could possibly contain what she could put out. First thing to mind was the sink, a natural first choice for a substitute. It had a bowl, a drain, the faucet allowed it all to be washed down cleanly. It sounded perfect, but it just couldn't work for a centaur. A toilet bowl was a lot closer to the ground than a sink on a kitchen counter, and the large bottom half of a horse meant she wouldn't get that height.

Next in her mind was the potted plant Master kept in the living room. The pot was sitting on the floor and a tree seemed like a nice alternative, but that pot was not very big, about a foot in diameter and depth. Cerea could hold a lot, that thing would be overflowing before she was even close to being finished. It didn't even seem likely the dirt would absorb enough before she felt relieved enough to hold the rest in, not that she'd want to or be able to stop once this torrent got started. Maybe she could just let it run over and clean up the excess immediately afterwards, but Suu was on patrol somewhere, she'd get to it first and she'd only get worse.

“Need something else, need something else fast,” Cerea kept repeating. She had made the mistake of considering other outlets, giving the signal to the rest of her body that she was about to let loose, getting her bladder all excited and geared up to empty. It felt like she had seconds before the dam burst and a flood started. She crossed her hind legs really tight as she unintentionally thought of the huge flood that was to follow, like a fire hose spraying everywhere. “So much pee,” she whimpered as she pushed her back legs together further.

As she kept that image of an ocean in her mind, which was doing wonders at working against her, one last idea came up. Just thinking of water made Cerea think of Mero, their mermaid roommate who was currently out with Master. As an aquatic creature, she lived in the water, so her room contained a swimming pool. In-ground so it was at the right height, it already held so much water so what was a little more, and it already filtered so there'd be no evidence. Suu also couldn't hide in a body of water that large without dissipating, absolutely everything was in place. “I apologize for this, Mero,” Cerea called out to herself before running off to Mero's pool, as fast as she could run while staying dry.

Standing in front of the pool, Cerea legs were all moving erratically, so damn close to bursting. The flowing water from the filters was most certainly not helping, she could almost feel her bladder going lax and letting everything stream out. This was the critical moment when every factor was working against her, begging her to leak. If she gave in now, her desperation would all be for nothing. She wished she could grab herself with her hands to ease the pain, but anatomy put her hands far from where they'd need to be on her butt. It'd be so much easier to hold if she could use her hands, though, instead of having to rely on crossing her legs.

Cerea really couldn't stand to look at the pool anymore, and turned to face the wall instead, backing up just a little until a back hoof felt the drop from the fall into the pool. Bobbing up and down, she reached her arms back as best as she could and grabbed the top of the black cloth over her bottom half, so long that she needed to alternate pulling it up one hand at a time. The rear end she couldn't reach was taken care of by her tail flying as high as it could to avoid being soaked, pulling up the skirt to a certain height with it.

Her bladder was looking for any reason to believe it was time to let go, and disrobing was the perfect excuse. Just as Cerea was pulling up the cover, her hold over her urine dropped and it started flowing out, a light stream at first, splattering against the inside of the fabric with her tail getting some of it too, falling on the floor right before the drop. “Ah ah ah ah,” she grunted and panted as she hastily pulled the rest up, throwing it over her back and letting her tail up to clear the path. No obstructions remaining, Cerea started peeing freely, and with force.

There's an expression, “wetting like a racehorse”, meaning a pee that's strong and fast, beyond normal expectations. As a centaur, Cerea was a prime example to prove the expression accurate. Her torrent was shooting out at least a yard behind her, powerful enough to make a crashing pour as it landed in the pool. Most of the stream was concentrated, but the sheer volume meant a lot of droplets were flying off, getting lost in the sea of piss unleashed from the end of a centaur.

Cerea looked up to the ceiling as her mouth hung open, breathing deeply with a bright blush on her face and her ears wiggling. “Ohhhhh,” she exhaled blissfully as the pressure on her bladder diminished. It no longer mattered how she was doing her business in a pool, it just felt good. Not like she had a choice anyway, it was a real emergency. She couldn't even stop now if she wanted to, her muscles were so tired.

Minutes later, even Cerea's extreme capacity reached its end, and the distance the stream covered started reducing, more drops flying out scattered. She reached her butt out a little further so the final drops wouldn't get on the floor, and then her river ran dry. Giving it a few seconds to ensure there were no secret reserves, she shook her backside to get any drops off since she couldn't clean it off here, and dropped everything back into their usual places. The little bits of wetness from her initial release weren't easily seen and would dry off without consequence, so she could ignore it. “Phew...that's much better.”

Turning back to the pool, Cerea inspected the damages. It was certainly evident that a restroom visit had just taken place, given the yellow cloud in the water behind her and the foam on the surface. However, even as she was looking at it, the cloud was spreading and growing less visible by the second, and the foam was floating in the current to the filters. The pool was taking care of cleaning itself, important when it had Mero living in it, so Cerea's little mess would be gone soon.

Slightly embarrassed by what she had done, but mostly relieved that she had done something before it was too late, Cerea trotted out of the room, keeping her eyes out to be sure she was unseen. Retreating back to her room, she allowed herself to relax for the first time in hours. Somehow, she made it with an accident, a close call even with her large bladder. Considering how incredibly desperate she had gotten herself, Cerea started thinking, “how are the other girls handling?”

Edited January 4, 2016 by Captain L (see edit history)

*010*2016-01-05 16:25

{{:

I'm hoping the next part focuses on Miia. That way, we can finally get an answer to the biggest conundrum of our generation:

}}

That assumes she's the lucky one that gets to use the toilet. I'm going to say she won't be so fortunate.
