Buffy fanfic, Part 1 ... the start of an on going story

Author: canipee

*000*2013-07-26 20:28

This arose from a couple of brief conversation I had with female members of this forum about what they would like to see/read. Both said well written male desp/wetting and one specified a strong male hero and fantasy so I decided I would use Buffy and Angel, and eventually the other characters as the basis for this story.

This is part one, I intend to continue it through to a loose idea I have for an ending. It's quite long, very long in fact ... I love to write ... and I decided to use this first part as a sort of introduction to the characters so those that aren't familiar with the world of Buffy might still be able to understand and enjoy it.

This part includes both male and female desperation plus male wetting. I imagine that future parts will be somewhat shorter, may only focus on one character or one situation, who knows ... lets see how it pans out. I hope you enjoy it, there should be something here for everyone.

For anyone that wants to skip the initial female desp/peeing and get straight to the guy stuff, then I put a line splitting the two parts out. I would encourage you to read it all though as bits might not make sense as it is all one story.

“OH GOD!!!” Buffy exclaimed loudly and with such relief that she feared that she would wake her mother. Once she allowed her body to fully relax, and her bladder to empty as it had urged to do all night, she listened carefully for signs that her mum had awoken. She filtered out the sound of her long, hot stream pouring out of her and hitting the water below and focused on the sounds, or as it happened, the lack thereof, in the hallway outside the her bathroom door. For the longest time, as she continued to release a forceful river of pent up urine, she listened closely and finally decided, correctly, that her mother was still asleep. Finally Buffy’s stream slowed to a trickle and eventually stopped, after the last few spurts and drops had escaped her bald lips she reflected on that night’s events.

She had made her way to Willow and Tara’s house around 9pm - after dark - with Angel, her ex boyfriend who was a vampire (distinct because unlike all other vampires Angel has a soul and is therefore, not evil) that she had not long ago killed because he had returned to his evil state after a night of what she considered blissful and perfect sex, but had eventually returned from the hell dimension, because, you know, magic! It was Willow’s birthday and the entire Scoobie gang; (the name given to her friends ... Willow, Tara, Zander, Anya and Giles her Watcher plus on the odd occasion he wasn’t saving L.A. from the demons that reside there, Angel, that would meet and help fight the evil that crawled the streets of Sunnydale at night) had met at Willow and Tara’s house to celebrate Willow's birthday and also her advances in witchcraft that had helped no end in recent battles against hells deadliest demons.

Dressed in trademark red leather trousers, tight white tank top and beige jacket, she had arrived with Angel and instantly headed to the kitchen to grab drinks. She spent the next hour socializing, talking with her friends, dancing, eating cake and drinking several Cokes. Being the worlds only Slayer, the Scoobie gang all felt pride and privilege for being part of Buffy’s own “elite” group of researchers and side kicks, no-one was surprised, let alone upset, when she explained she needed to leave to patrol through the night. Angel, not being the social type, put down his 8th orange juice, grabbed his long jacket from the coat rack and headed out with Buffy into his native darkness to conscientiously stroll the night time streets of Sunnydale to slay Vampires and sundry other demons that found their way into our dimension.

It had been a long night. As usual, they had found new vampires waking up from their early graves in the towns cemetery which they instantly set about slaying. What they hadn’t counted on was the plethora of vampires coming from the east of town. They fought their way through the on coming crowd of freshly turned vampires with ease, using a little slayer strength but mainly just bringing “Mr Pointy”, her favourite wooden stake, up to their old dead hearts and plowing it through their chest.

They eventually found their way to the entrance of an out of town, derelict, industrial estate, which appeared to be the origin of the attacking vampires. However by the time they got there the sun was slowly starting to peek above the horizon which caused all their foes to retreat and hide within the dark shadows of the empty warehouses they were now stood outside of. Given that the fight had lasted the night, and the sun was starting to rise, Buffy and Angel decided to call it a night and after a brief platonic hug, both went their separate ways. Buffy back into town and Angel in search of an entrance to the disused sewers he used to make his way around the town in the day time, when the sun’s rays are lethal to him. Being a vampire, despite the fact that for the most part in the last 100 years, he had been good, the sun could still see him combust into a ball of flames, destroying him almost instantly. Not something he wished to experience.

Buffy, only shortly after leaving Angel and heading towards home, realised she needed to pee. It hadn't occurred to her until now, as she had spent the entire night fighting vampires without a break, but she hadn’t peed since before Willow’s party. Being the slayer, she had super strength to fight demons, a bi-product of this was that she had a strong bladder. But as with all people this strength wasn’t indefinite, it was gone 5am, she hadn’t peed for nearly 9hrs, and her bladder was making her aware of the fact.

Her first reaction was to reach into her back pocket to pull out a P-Mate, a cardboard funnel designed to allow women to pee standing up without revealing anything. Once she had discovered them and gotten over her initial feelings of embarrassment and awkwardness towards peeing standing up using a funnel, she found she couldn't live without it, especially on long patrol nights like tonight. The ease in which she could unzip her trousers, pull her knickers to one side and slide the funnel comfortably between her legs, hugging her cute shaven lips, then pee by a tree or bush was a life saver. Unfortunately, in her haste to get ready for Willow’s party, she had left it at home which left Buffy in a conundrum. She was bursting to pee and didn’t have her usual option of discreetly peeing behind a bush or in an ally that she would normally have, had she had the P-Mate with her.

Her pace started to quicken. In the last 10 seconds she had learnt 2 things. 1) she was without her pee funnel and 2) she was so desperate she wasn’t sure how long she could hold it. Luckily it was still relatively dark, most of the town was still asleep so she was able to hold her crotch tightly through her leather trousers quite freely without anyone seeing. She summed up her options. a) she wet herself ... not an option but more an involuntary act that she had no decision in b) she find somewhere quiet where she could pop-a-squat and relieve herself without any danger of anyone seeing her or c) holding it all the way home. She was further from home than normal owing to the unexpected flow of vampires attacking from the abandoned warehouses on the outskirts of town so she estimated that it would take her 20 minutes to walk back to her house.

Had this situation been planned, or she was at home with just herself and her rapidly filling bladder she would probably have enjoyed herself. Recently she had discovered that the feeling of a comfortably full bladder and the eventual forceful release of pee into the toilet was actually quite nice, almost orgasmic. But she wasn't at home, far from it in fact and she refused to be seen squatting like a drunk skank in someone's front garden and she feared the utter embarrassment of uncontrollably wetting herself. She clamped her muscles down around her bladder, firmly wedged her hand between her legs and walked as quickly as she could back to her house.

Over the course of the next 20 minutes she fought back against her bladders urgent screams of relief. Every so often she had to stop, double over or crouch down in order to prevent an accident and more than once she did loose control for the briefest of seconds and spurt a little warm liquid escaped into her little blue knickers that were quite firmly hugging her body.

When she finally made it home, literally about to wet herself (any normal person would have pissed a river back when the fight against the influx of vamps was in full swing) she slammed her body into her front door, knowing it wasn’t locked and too desperate to be quiet, hurtling into the hallway and making a dash towards the bathroom that would make Mo Farrah jealous. She made one final yet futile attempt to clamp down on her bladder muscles while simultaneously unbuttoning her trousers, instantly freeing her bladder and causing her desperation to jump from a 9.5/10 on the desperation scale to ‘that’s it, we’re peeing’. Not bothering to close the bathroom door (now was not the time for modesty) she ripped her slightly damp trousers down, and slammed herself down on the toilet bowl, forgetting and not caring to pull down her knickers, pee instantly hitting the water. “OH GOD!!!” Buffy exclaimed loudly.

###

Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Angel was desperately trying to find an entrance to the disused sewers. Desperately because the sun was steadily rising, dramatically reducing the shadow space Angel had to hide in, but also desperately because Angel was dying to pee!

As a vampire Angel doesn’t need to eat or drink anything other than blood, and then it is 100% absorbed by his digestive system creating zero waste. Usually Angel carries an air of not caring what people think of him, but really, deep down, because of the curse that manifests his soul, he is very aware of how people view him. Ashamed of his vampire heritage and how his friends perceive him, when he is at social functions amongst humans, he makes an effort to do average, mundane, human things to keep up the appearance that despite being a vampire, there is still a human side to him. This includes consuming food and drink to help fit in and to help people feel more comfortable around him.

Several hours prior to Angel darting from shadow to shadow as the sun rose, he had been at Willow’s party, drinking slightly bigger than average glasses of orange juice. 5 at the last count ... Or was it 6? Maybe it was more, he couldn't remember. All he knew was that now, having spent the night fighting and killing vampires, his bladder had swollen to the size of a small rock, no not a small rock, a very large rock, making it extremely difficult to move without the feeling that he was going to piss himself. As a human and then a vampire, Angel had spent nearly 250 years in the world and he decided that he had never needed to take a leak so badly in all that time. Angel, while at the advantage of being male and as such having a rather generously sized cock he could pull out from his prison like jeans, was also at the disadvantage of being pee shy.

For the first 150 years or so, give or take a decade after being turned, he only drank human blood and therefore he hadn't thought about peeing because he had never needed too. It was only when the Clan Kalderash cursed him for the murder of one of their clan, and gave him a soul so that he would have to live for eternity carrying the guilty of his years as the most prolific vampire that ever lived, he had started to on occasion, eat and drink real solids and liquids again.

The first time he felt the need to pee in 150 years came as such a shock to him that he completely forgot what the sensation was or what he was meant to do, and rather suddenly and without warning wet himself in front of his dinner hosts, much to his own embarrassment and their astonishment. He had quickly left without saying goodbye, the warm wet mess still running down his leg and soaking into the seat of his trousers. This was the moment his shyness to pee in view of anyone else, or where there was any possibilty to be seen urinating, had assembled itself in the back of Angel's usually strong willed, no nonsense psyche.

He was stood in an ally way close to centre of town, gradually seeing more and more of the world wake up and head to work and the rays of the sun slowly kill what little shadow there was remaining for him to seek shelter in. As his first (and to date, only) wetting experience flashed before his eyes, his heart started to race, metaphorically speaking, and the urgency in which he needed to pee hit new heights. Both hands reached for his cock and he squeezed hard until he saw a couple of kids on their way to collect papers for their morning round, he suddenly let go and stood up straight trying to compose himself. Once they had passed the ally his hands went straight back to his crotch as he felt his bladder start to win it’s battle against the tiny, rapidly twitching muscles of his urethral sphincter. Groaning to himself in despair, he willed his muscles to give one last show of strength and regained some control, though for how long he couldn’t say.

By now he had been unable to stand still for more than a few seconds, constantly squirming, crossing and un-crossing his legs while pacing around the ally trying to think of a way he could get underground without exiting the safety of the shadows. “This is not going to happen” he said to himself. Gently squeezing his cock. “I am not going to piss my pants in an ally just because the sun has started to rise. I just won’t do it” Becoming more agitated, he looked around desperately for what felt like the 100th time, trying to find a way out.

It was then he spotted a sewer cover about 50 meters down on the opposite side of the road. He wasn’t sure where it would lead, whether it be to the disused sewer system that he normally used or the actual sewers that were constantly awash with the towns old toilet and bath water, but right now beggars could not be choosers so he decided to make a break for it. Shoving one hand in his long coat pocket and discretely, he hoped, holding himself through the thick layers of material he hobbled into the street, careful to stay close to the walls of the various shops that line the road.

It wasn’t easy, he had to stop every 10 paces to hold on harder and prevent any pee from escaping into he jeans but eventually, after a couple of minutes, he made it to the opposite side of the street to the cover and sanctuary at last from the ever present sun. The problem was making it to the other side of the road without being exposed. After a split seconds thought he decided he could risk it, a few minor burns were a small price to pay to get away from the street that was steadily getting busier as shop owners started to arrive to prepare their stores for the days trade.

Still with one hand holding his manhood, he dashed as fast as his aching bladder would allow the 6 paces to the sewer cover, praying with all his might that the sudden movement wouldn’t cause his bladder to release a stream of hot golden pee into his favourite black jeans. Upon reaching the cover, he swooped down, slid the fingers of his free hand between the gap in the cover and the tarmac, lifted it with ease and without thinking jumped down into the sewer allowing the cover to fall out of place behind him. It was about 10 meters down to the floor of the sewer canal, and mid jump he realised he had made a huge mistake.

Luckily the sewer was in fact disused, so no landing in and trudging through other peoples filth. What he had realised mid fall though was that as soon as he hit the floor, the jolt of the impact would vibrate through his body which could only result in one thing. He didn’t have time to dwell on this situation for too long as a second later he hit the floor with such speed that he was forced to roll head over heels, twice, to regain his balance. In doing so he had to take his hand away from his cock, and by that point it was the only barrier between the pee sloshing around in his blimp sized bladder and the jeans he was wearing.

Time seemed to slow down to an almost stop. As he rolled over one last time he felt the first trickle of pee exit his bladder and start to make it’s way down his urethra and out into the world. By the time he had stood back up a wet patch was already slowly starting to form on the front of his jeans, spreading down and out in every which way it could. Instinctively both hands shot to his crotch and he grabbed at hit hard, attempting to stop the flow. But it was no use. Now the barrier a tidal wave of pee started to cascade down his cock and out into his jeans.

Wave after wave of warm piss flowed out of him continuously for what felt like an eternity. Resigned now to what was happening, Angel slumped back against the wall of the sewer and slide down to the floor as more and more pee escaped, soaking him completely. He could feel the damp, sickly urine all over his pants and jeans, all over his legs and around is testicles and cock and finally around his firm butt cheeks as the pee filled every bit of space available.

Gradually the flow started to ease and eventually came to a stop. His bottom half completely soaked Angel assed the damage. Though no-one had been around to see him, he was deeply ashamed and embarrassed. 250 years old, with the body of a young man, and still he was unable to control himself. He sat there for 30 minutes, in a puddle of his own making, catching his breath and letting the what had just happened sink in before he slowly rose to his feet and headed off in the direction of his old stone mansion the other side of town. Pee dripping down from the hems of his jeans as he went. What Angel had not been aware of this whole time, though he thought he had been alone and unobserved, was that he had a voyeur.

Earlier that evening, Faith had been out and about causing trouble for herself and the surrounding neighbourhood. Having long ago given up her duties as a slayer, she spent her evenings trashing cars, robbing stores and occasionally, for the fun of it, picking fights with vampires, beating them up to within an inch of their undead lives and then letting them go again. Last night she had been up to her usual tricks when she noticed Buffy and Angel fighting off hordes of vampires near the old industrial estate. She had hid and watched for a while until eventually the remaining vamps retreated and Buffy and Angel went their separate ways.

Faith had always had a thing for Angel, tall, handsome, occasionally evil, so she decided to stalk him home just for the fun of it. She had very quickly noticed Angel had been in some discomfort and soon came to realise that he was bursting to pee. This excited her. She had always loved to see a strong, heroic man desperate to go to relieve himself and now her fantasies about Angel were coming true before her very eyes.

She had followed at a distance, making sure to stay out of sight but ensure she could watch the action unfold. When Angel has been in the ally, Faith had hid in the door of a store on the opposite side of the road, close to the sewer cover, keeping a watchful eye on Angels growing desperation. The more desperate he needed to pee, the more excited she got. The blood was running through her so quickly she felt it was going to burst out of her skin. She had to resist the urge to slide her hand down into her knickers and touch her self on several occasions, especially she she saw Angel holding and squeezing his cock, fighting to keep the pee back.

She saw him emerge from the ally and head in her direction so she ducked behind a car parked right next to the cover. She knew that’s where he was heading and had every intention of following him down there. As soon as he had disappeared through the hole in the ground she jumped up and threw herself down after him. She wasn’t really thinking what she would do once she was down there with Angel, at the very least she hoped she would catch him, cock in hand peeing against the wall of the sewer. Why he hadn’t just done this in the ally she did not understand, but she didn’t care, the show had been too good for her to worry about details like that.

As she landed on her feet she saw Angel as he rolled and stood with his back to her. She quickly ducked in the other direction and hid in a small alcove watching around the corner as the spectacle of Angel wetting himself unfolded in front of her. She put her hand over her mouth to stifle her heavy breathing, though fortunately Angel seemed to be oblivious to her presence, probably more involved in his own situation than taking note of what was around him.

She watched as he sat in his own piss, looking upset and depressed until finally, after a long 30 minutes of waiting, he finally got up and walked the other way down the sewer. She waited until he had disappeared out of sight and let out a tremendous sigh of pent up excitement. She couldn’t believe what she had just seen and as she relived the moment over and over again in her mind, she this time allowed her hand to find its way down to her pulsating clit and started to gentle rub herself until she came, hard and for the longest time, on the cold, dark and damp floor of the old sewer.

