Camping Trip

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-07 03:33

This is based on an omorashi dream I had last night.... and this is NOT Sailor Moon, I'm just using their dub names, which are not uncommon names.

"Do we have everything we need?" Hayley asked. She tossed her short black hair as she went over the list. Amy pushed a gaint bag into the living room. "Here's the tent!" she called. Hayley eyed it, then checked it off her list. Mina walked in, juggling different canisters. "Here's all the water canteens! There's enough for each girl." Hayley smiled then checked that off. The other girls brought more things in, which Hayley greedly checked off. Food. Tents. Flashlights. Sleeping bags. She happily checked the last object off with a florish.

"Next, we change into our out-door outfits." The outifits were a tan shirt and shorts with lots of pockets. The boots had spikes on them and went up to their knees. Each girl strapped a backpack on her back. They were starting out when someone called out. "Wait! Wait for me!" The girls rolled their eyes at their energitic friend. Her two blonde pigtails were flying behind her like kites as she struggled her foot into the boot. "I'm going to lead you guys! I'm very good at dirction!" She forced her foot in and flew across the room, bumping into Hayley's feet. "Fine." she stated. The girls gasped, but Hayley gave them a death look. They knew once Hayley made up her mind, there was no changing it.

Serena was certainly energitic. She kept pointing at everything and bragging about how she was exprinced at dirctions. Two times she almost led the girls into a busy high-way. And another time Hayley and Amara got stuck in a sticky mud pit and 6 girls had to struggle to get them out. Nevertheless, Serena seemed to be the only one not hit by something or wearing an outfit that reeked of mud.

Amy took out a bottle of water and slurped it. She placed the empty bottle in her backpack. Serena was looking from left to right to see where they were. "We should stop and eat something." Michelle said. Serena nodded. "I'm starving!" Serena took out a large peach and bit into it, the juice dribbling down her chin. Most of the girls felt sick after climbing so long, but the food made them feel better. Serena kept talking loudly at the top of her voice.

After a while, the girls had eaten all the food they wanted to and drank lots of water and Gadorate. Serena didn't bother to pick up, instead, she started vomting into the bushes because of all the food. Hayley looked into the setting sun. "Let's keep moving," she said. Serena wiped her mouth off and started walking in front of the girls agian.

After 2 hours, the girls had to take their flashlights out so they could see. Serena was despertly looking at a map. "Are we lost?" Mina asked in concern. Serena shook her head, hair coming out of her pigtails. "I'm postive we are going the right way." She walked a bit futher. Mina stared up at the starry night, rubbing her back on a tree branch, crossing her legs.

"Well, I hope we get there soon. I really need to use the bathroom!" she called over the blowing wind.

Hayley was futher in the woods, flashing her flahlight whenever she heard a noise. She grabbed her crotch and kept walking. An owl hooted in the distance. She gasped. "Serena?" She heard a stick snap and fell over a broken branch in surprise. "Serena? Please tell me that's you!" She heard a wolf howl and the wind chilled her. She started breathing heavy, looking around her. Her muscles went into spasms, and as she got up, a flow trickled out from both legs of her shorts. She grabbed her crotch but it did little to stop the flow. She smiled and fell back onto the dirt as a puddle formed under her. It covered her butt and drowned her feet. Once she was done, Hayley stood up and admired her wet shorts. "I can't believe I just peed myself compeltety out there," she said to no one in pacticuler.

She started walking back to the other girls.

Serena kept looking around, not noticing the desperte girls behind her. Mina sunk to the ground and grabbed her crotch, spraying the fluid everywhere. She sighed happily. Amy climed up a tree so she could see up ahead better, and sat on the branch with her legs dangling off so she could control the flow. She took another sip of water and took her binoculers out. A warm spurt came out and she squirmed endlessly, but refused to relive herself. She saw Serena still struggling to hold the map and the shine from Hayley's flashlight. She kept squirming until she fell off the branch and was hanging off by one hand. Her bladder wall broke and the warm urine slooshed down her legs and rained down onto the soil below. She swung by her arms and dropped onto the ground, letting the rest of the flow out.

Serena was starting to feel desperte herself. She sat on a rock and kept sqiurming and crossing her legs. She would look up occcasionly, then focus on her bladder. She had to put the map down and grab her crotch. She looked around to see where the other girls were.

Amara and Michelle climbed up trees to look out for Hayley as well. Michelle started slipping from her branch and while she was hanging, she mangaed to cross her legs. "Hayley? Where did you go?" She looked around and started slipping more. Tears came to her eyes as she imanged herself falling to her death. She started to imange herself swimming in a pool, something she loves to do. She shook herself awake as she kept slipping. She dreamed about jumping off the diving board into the warm water below.

Something hit her back really hard and she woke up, startled. She had fallen and hit her back on a rock. She got up and noticed she had wet her shorts, some couple drops still draining out of her shorts. She felt so warm that she decided to stay there and rest, and before she knew it, she was asleep again.

Serena looked to see if anybody was looking at her, and no one was. She let her crotch go and 3 hot spurts came out. She them uncrossed her legs, and 5 more came out. She stood up suddenly and the whole muscle wall contracted, causing the urine to flow. She smiled and placed one leg on the rock. Most drained out into the soil and some flowed onto the rock, splashing it and turning in gray. Serena placed her foot on the ground and wiped the sweat off her brow. Hayley got back at that point and collappsed on the ground. Serena stared at the snoozing girls and how most had wet themselves. She waved her hand around.

"Perhaps we should just go home?" She nervously laughed.

*002*2011-04-18 01:01

{{: 

Great story, would've liked to see Raye, Hotaru and Lita in it as well.

}}

Hotaru is in it, I just changed her name to Hayley.

*005*2011-04-18 19:25

{{: 

Would you appreciate creative criticism?

}}

Yeah, why?

*009*2011-05-22 15:53

{{: 

Random question: What kind of trees did they climb?

}}

Oak trees, or those really tall trees you'd find around a camp site.

