Wet Before Christmas *With Pic!*

Author: Slater

*000*2015-12-08 16:50

Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house,

Only one girl was stirring, all up in a rouse.

She was hoping to stay up late

To catch a glimpse of St. Nick, couldn’t wait!

A naughty girl at times when it came to pee

Yes, she enjoyed desperation, she was into omorashi.

But an accident she had not one yet

Squirming in place, trying not to wet.

Too old to believe in Santa they said

But stay awake, not going to bed

She had a lot of faith in that ol’ lullaby

Getting desperate, she tightened her thighs.

She began to regret the cookies and the milk

Rubbing the underside of her dress, it was silk

It wouldn’t do any good to wet and make a mess

She was wearing her favorite red Christmas dress.

Grabbing and clutching now, it’s been many an hour

Having not peed since she took a shower

She knew that he was slick and quick

And so she didn’t move and felt seasick.

Her golden short pigtails flapped side-to-side

Melony gripped her dress and humming carols of Yuletide

Beads of sweat formed on her pale skin

Her swelling bladder screaming from within.

It felt so good to hold, so exciting!

Though relief to the toilet was inviting

And she scrunched up at the sting of a hiss

She was shocked that there was piss

With a bite in her lip and a squeeze,

Luckily just a spasm into her panties.

She lifted her dress to see

Purple banded by white had wee

The girl shifted up her left heel

The tall socks over them teal

And jammed it against her crotch

Melony was going to continue her night watch!

Wiggling and bouncing her other leg

Moaning, whining, hoping with a beg

That soon the man in red will appear

Coming only once all year

It was a moment of a lifetime she was sure

Well worth the pain, she would endure

Truth be told for the girl, however

Last she felt this good, was never!

Things were too hard, and her thoughts too naughty

That she was going to deny herself going potty

She hoped Santa would understand

Because if she were to stand

Surely she would wet herself anyway

Upon hearing his sleigh.

Melony placed her hands behind

No longer would she be confined

And with her left foot still on the stool

She pressed hard to make a pool

Right leg dangled down and relaxed

Her bladder was just too overtaxed

The warmth gushed and flooded into the white

She cried an airy laugh at her plight

Tilting her head up, she allowed it to soak

Her dress, panties, and it dripped down the oak

The legs of the stool dripping and pattering

Sounding like a rainstorm splattering

(right click and open in new tab for full size!)

The pee on the kitchen tile was puddling outward

No longer was she feeling bored

Enjoying the relief seething through

Pumping out and steaming, so taboo!

The back of her right teal sock was soaked

All around the heel steady streams stroked

Pouring down from her toes to the floor

When she heard it patter, she moaned for more

Soon it was to be done

Her deed done for fun

But now she realized there was a problem

When her family woke, what to tell them?

She heard a noise, oh who could it be?

Her mother, father, brother, would they see?

But no, it was to her greatest surprise

That it was Santa Clause, no disguise!

The girl looked as he examined the puddle

But then came to her with a cuddle.

Kris Kringle kissed her on the forehead

With a wink seeing her legs widespread

He twirled his finger and on came a breeze

From the chimney the wintry wind seized

And there she sat in complete awe

His magic had dried and cleaned it all!

After he took the milk as a drink

With a nod and a wink

He promised to visit her each night on Eve

If she kept this as a tradition if she believed

And arrive to her place each time

Into her home he would climb

To clean up after her passion

And with that he his work was done.

Desperate and wet so late

Melony would sit and wait

To this day, every night before Christmas

A secret she would always keep from us.

*007*2015-12-09 14:50

{{:

Plot twist: it was Segata Sonshiro's cousin the whole time. (i hope that at least one person gets this reverence...)

}}

Ha, ha! Thanks to Death Battle, I was able to get that...

Thanks for comments everyone. Glad you enjoyed it. My gift to you.

