Bollywood Calling 2

Author: Pain

*000*2015-01-06 07:07

Jacqueline Fernandez rehearsed her lines for the big awards show tonight for which she had been roped in as the host.

She read from the script, taking regular gulps from what seemed to be her fourth bottle of water after she got here, while technicians gave the final touches to the stage in front of her.

It was a big show where a slew of celebrities and a lot public was going to be in attendance. All arrangements had been made but what they didn’t arrange was a toilet.Usaully big events like these didn’t have toilets as celebrities would usually bring along their vanity van, but Jacky didn’t need a toilet ,after all she had her mammoth bladder to take care of all that water she had been drinking.

As professional as she was, Jacqueline viewed bathroom breaks as an unnecessary waste of time.

She believed that her bladder was meant to hold her pee as long as she wanted to and that was exactly what it did.

It was 8:00 in the morning which meant she had well over 14 hours before the show started.That was an ample amount of time to prepare her lines .

Jacqueline felt tired as she had stayed up all night, busy with her shoots, but it wasn’t the time to relax, she had to concentrate and the only thing that would have helped her keep awake, was coffee.

Jacky asked one of the spot boys to get her a large cold coffee with cream from the nearby canteen, it was her favorite after all.

Soon the boy came back with what she had asked for, Jacqueline gave him his tip and took the heavy Styrofoam cup from his hand.

Getting back to her script she went through the lines again as she kept sucking the coffee from the straw.

It was by 10:00am that Jacqueline had gulped down six of those large coffees which were easily around 500 ml(17 oz) each, she could now feel it was going right through her. She took off the belt around her waist so it could give her bladder some room to inflate as much as it wanted to. She was definitely feeling the need to pee now, but knew she could hold it as long as she wanted to.

Jacky did not have even have a second to spare, she had to practice her speech too and she just couldn’t care less about having to take a leak right now.

Past 12 pm, her bladder had started ballooning rapidly ,expanding to great lengths so it could accommodate all the liquid she had consumed.

Jacqueline knew she was holding a lot but was confident about her storage capacity . She was used to holding much more than this so it was not a problem for her.

She walked around , deeply engrossed in the sheet of paper she held in her hand as onlookers were amazed to a see a girl so calm and composed with a bowling bowl sized bladder bulging out of her belly.

“She had been drinking like a camel all this while, and hadn’t been to the loos yet, I bet she is dying to pee but she’s hiding it” said a spot boy to another.

“I don’t know man, I’ve heard rumors from several industry insiders that she never uses the loo during shoots howsoever long they maybe” replied the second boy , “They say she has a cast iron bladder and today , after seeing it in person ,I can’t help but believe what I’ve heard.”

“If that’s true, one can’t imagine what a gusher she might be building up inside there.”

And yes it was true, Jacky was now holding a massive load of piss in her tanker and she could feel the pressure inside it was beginning to increase slowly but steadily.

At 1 she had a sandwich and a 1200 ml carton of mixed fruit juice for lunch.

Jacky could now feel her bladder stretching the waistband of her jeans,but she didn’t care about letting out her long held lake of urine any time soon, she looked as calm and composed as ever.

Sitting on a chair with her legs crossed Jacky’s only concern was to mug up her lines anyhow but her sleepy eyes made it harder to read.She felt tired and cranky but had to continue anyway.

“Do you need something mam?” asked a manager.

Jacqueline looked up to see the young guy standing in front of her, “Yes a can of Red Bull and a cold coffee please, thank you” she replied before going back to what she was doing.

No one around could believe how much this petite young girl was drinking.

“Oh thank you so much” Jacky said as she received her desired beverages.

Jacqueline too was happy to see the extra cream whipped over the coffee, she couldn’t have asked for anything more and before long she chugged down both the drinks empty.

Her piss tank continued to swell as the afternoon came and went.

Everyone around was now in awe of her bladder capacity. They were in absolute shock that Jacky still hadn’t been to the loos after gulping down such a vast quantity of fluids.

“I never knew that actresses these days have such strong bladders” ,said an event manager to her colleague , as they gazed over Jacqueline’s ever expanding tankard from a distance , who was now walking around, engrossed in her script.

“That is exactly what I was thinking, it seems she never feels the need to pee, I’ve been going behind the building all this while and I’ve not even drank a quarter of as much as she did” replied the other ,as she made sure no one else could over hear them.

Everybody present in the vicinity was amazed that Jacqueline could even think straight with a bladder that stretched.

But unaware of what anyone thought,Jacqueline was busy mugging up her lines while she took regular sips of water from another of those 1 liter bottles. She had to keep herself hydrated at all costs and after all lots of water was the secret behind her envious glowing skin ,wasn’t it?

When there were still 2 hours to go before the show to start, Jacky asked her designer to get the dress she was gonna wear tonight.

It was a red sparkling sari paired with a black blouse ,she looked every bit of stunning in her attire after she finally changed in the green room.

Jacky settled down for her make up as her bottle of water now sat empty on the dressing table.It was then that her bladder started to feel strained, but chose to ignore it.

She got herself another 2 liter bottle of water to drink in the evening ,while getting her hair done.

“Careful honey, you know there aren’t any toilets around here” the hairdresser said, giving a look at the big water bottle.

“Oh it’s fine , I can hold it till I get home” Jacky replied before chugging down a considerable amount ,as she didn’t pay any heed to the warnings given to her .Before soon all the water from this bottle too was streaming down through Jacky’s body. She was now all charged up and ready.

People had started coming in like swarms of bees to watch their favorite celebs in action.

Everything was going fine, but there was just little problem , the host really had to pee now.

Jacky tried to catch a glimpse of the audience from behind the curtain, “I’m feeling nervous, there are so many people out there, it makes me want to pee even more” she giggled to her manager.

The show which was set to begin at 6:00 only commenced by 8:30 pm due to various slags and maybe due to the fact that they wanted to pull in a considerable amount of crowd before they started.

With only a few minutes remaining for the show to begin, one of the organizers walked into Jacky’s room, “Are you ready Jacky?” she asked .

“Yes , it’s…. just that….. I’m feeling really nervous with so many people out there..”

“Listen ,you can do it!’ the organizer said holding Jacqueline by her shoulders, “Don’t you worry, I know you can pull it off and remember to pee before you go on stage, it’ll help reduce your tension” she suggested before leaving the actress alone.

Jacqueline didn’t have anywhere to pee before she went on stage, all she could do was hold it.

So with all her piss and tension held back Jacky made her way to the stage.

She resumed her position on the podium amidst a loud thunder of claps from the audience.

“Good evening ladies and gentlemen” she said with a smile, marking the beginning of the awards function.

The pressure in her bladder was increasing at an astounding rate now and it was indeed a sign of trouble for her if it continued this way, but while on stage her entire focus was on welcoming the people who had come to watch the show.

The event would have went on for quite a few hours ,which meant there were plenty of things to keep her mind of her increasing need to pee.

She tried to act enthusiastic and jovial while on stage but deep somewhere inside her mind, Jacqueline was trying her best to suppress her ever mounting desire to urinate.

The entire responsibility of the event was on her shoulders now and this was indeed a huge pressure on her along with the rising pressure in her bladder.

By 9 her need to pee had reached new heights, maybe she shouldn’t have had that last bottle of water after all.

For a moment she thought of asking the organizers to replace her with someone for a while , so she could go pee somewhere but Jacky knew that wasn’t possible.

Her sari wasn’t doing anything to hide the basketball sized bulge that Jacky was sporting.

Now standing in the backstage, waiting for one of the dance performances to get over, she was pressing her thighs together, it was taking her a conscious effort to hold her pee back but she was rather confident that she’d be able to make it home.

“Do you know what is the best feeling in this world” Jacky said through the mike once back on stage, “…the feeling of relief when you finally get to pee after holding it for a long time” she smirked. She was genuinely desperate now.

Everyone present laughed and thought of it as a joke, but only Jacky knew that it somewhere spoke of what she desperately wanted.

“…and now lets see the nominations for The Best Actor in a Negative Role..” she continued.

As the night wore on, Jacqueline’s need to pee increased at an alarming rate, many a times she crossed her legs on stage but was able to cover it up behind the podium. She was starting to grow really desperate now and all that walking she had to do from her dressing room to the stage and back ,wasn’t helping either.

Her throat felt parched after speaking for so long ,so she ordered another small bottle of water for herself and downed it all at once as soon as she went behind the curtain again. Soon enough her bladder started revolting against the excessive liquid flowing into it.

“When is the show gonna end?” Jacky asked one of the event managers who happened to be nearby.

“By 1 mam” he replied, before going his way.

Jacky blew air through her pursed lips and gave her crotch a slight squeeze ,retrieving her hand before anyone around could notice.

Sitting down on one of the nearby chairs, Jacky crossed her legs tight hoping it would ease some pressure on her bladder and indeed it did. She rested her left hand on her thigh, wanting to give her crotch another squeeze so badly, but didn't want anyone to see her, or confirm to anyone who could see her that she was quickly becoming more and more desperate to pee.

45 minutes later, Jacqueline was really starting to doubt her ability to hold on until the show was over. She stood on the stage, wiggling her legs and listening to one of the veteran actors speak .

Soon another performance ensued and Jacky quickly made her way out of the public view, cupping her swollen bladder with her hand and walking slightly bent forward , with steps carefully placed as she tried not to loose control . Jacqueline was now sucking in air through her clenched teeth and moaning in agony.

“Oh…” she wailed with her eyes closed for a second , as each step she took hurt her bladder more.

“I’m bursting to pee” she stated to her make-up artist Shanti, as she sat down to receive a touch up on her face.

“Are you gonna be alright? Is it really urgent ?” Shanti asked , holding her chest in concern.

“I don’t know, I’ve had a lot to drink” Jacqueline replied, crossing her legs tighter than before.

She had to pee so badly, that even her tight leg-crossing wasn't doing very much to ease the pressure anymore. She was crossing and un-crossing her legs every few seconds in a desperate effort to take some pressure off her sphincters.

"They really need to have bathrooms available for a big event like this," she said to herself in frustration, and a bit of panic.

"It looks like you really need to use the toilets" Shanti said.

Jacky nodded and lit herself a cigarette , hoping it would take her mind off an aching bladder , which was now over 14 hours full.She was growing really worried about when and where she was going to pee.

Fanning her legs in a desperate attempt to hold on, Jacqueline knew she had made a mistake by drinking so much, but it was too late to do anything about it now. Standing up after the make up, made her want to go even more but all she could do was hold it.

As she made her way back to the stage, Jacky took small but calculated steps, with her lips pressed inwards, it was a sign of concentration and effort she was making to keep her piss in.

Each step left her withering in pain, her bladder was so full she couldn’t even stand straight let alone walk. Jacqueline by now had far exceeded her holding limits. But she wasn’t ready to give up,just because she never let herself hold this much didn’t mean she couldn’t, right?

Holding the mike in her hand, she felt a lot more nervous standing before a huge crowd and needing to pee so much. She was trying her best to put up a gracious demeanor but all her strength was focused on trying not to wet herself.

Jacky couldn't think of another time she had to pee so badly.She had always been proud of her iron bladder that could hold liters and liters of urine without giving her any signs of distress , but this time the odds were definitely playing against her.

Somehow bouncing on her knees with holding her fists clenched ,Jacky kept holding although her pee was just a hairbreadth away from bursting out.

The show finally came to an end with Jacqueline holding 17 hours worth of pee in her bladder. She hobbled her way back to her dressing room, with a hand jammed against her crotch in a last, desperate effort to avoid soaking her thong and sari.

It was obvious for anyone who looked at this bold and beautiful actresses that she was at the end of her ropes in desperation, but that didn't matter to her anymore.

She picked up her bag and started walking towards the exit with quick baby steps, she had to get to a toilet soon.

It was then that an organizer stopped her and asked her to sign autographs for some fans waiting in the backstage.

Jacqueline declined his request at first , she was in a hurry to get home so she could use the toilets and anything else didn’t matter to her now ,not even her fans.

Jacky kept scissoring her legs with her hands now on her butt as she discussed the issue with the organizer.

Her bladder was so bloated and full that it made her look six months pregnant. She tried her best to avoid delaying her departure but then eventually agreed after a lot of persuasion and a promise of receiving a fat cheque.

“You better make it fast, I have some really important work to do” she said , as they both walked towards backstage area, but when she reached there ,Jacky was shocked to see a line much bigger than what she had expected.

“Oh no, I don’t know if I can wait that long, I have to go to the bathroom, I really do..” she said to the organizer , with her thighs pressed together.

“Please mam , it’s just a matter of time.”

“I haven’t been to the toilets since morning, please make sure it doesn’t take long” Jacqueline pleaded.

She unwillingly signed autographs for her beloved fans and posed for pictures, not to mention with a dangerously full bladder.

“Could you please hurry up, I am kind of having a bathroom emergency right now…” she again begged to the event managers present nearby, who did nothing to help her.

As minutes passed the line grew longer and longer with more fans wanting to share a special moment with their favorite star. Jacqueline kept singing the autographs, bending over the table and crossing her legs tight, with her pee right on the edge of shooting out uncontrollably.

She was in a state of panic, her desperation so severe that she was becoming light headed, almost to the point of fainting.

She pleaded with the organizers to let her go but he refused looking at the long line of fans who had paid a hefty amount in exchange for the passes.

Jacqueline was sure that if she shook hands with one more person ,she was gonna lose control and wet herself right there.

Then came a guy who insisted on taking photos in different poses, the desperate actress obliged at first but after almost half a dozen clicks she grew really annoyed.

This guy was stopping her progress to the bathroom, which she had been needing for more than half a day now.She lost her cool and gave him a piece of her mind, “Do you have any idea how much I am stopping me pee right now?!” Jacqueline blurted out to her unaware fan.

Everyone around now knew that Jacky was bursting for the toilets.

Even after this she signed a couple of more autographs resting a hand on her bladder brimming over with piss.

The agony was too much to take and knew she was bound to have an accident if she didn’t pee soon.

Before long she felt a couple of drops escape into her panties, Jacky froze in horror.

“I’m sorry I absolutely have to leave now, I’m sorry” she declared before rushing out of the place. She was about to burst into her panties any second.

She totally ignored the desperate pleas from the organizer as she climbed into her car and closed the door.

Jacky crossed her legs really tight and patted on the driver’s seat, ordering him to leave, “Quick!Quick!Quick! Quick!”

She closed her eyes to exclusively concentrate on holding her pee.

She felt her pee hole pulsating and about to give way to the flood inside her but she grabbed her crotch just in time to avoid that from happening.

Every now and then she lifted her head a little and looked out of the window, obviously trying to see how far away from home she was.

She caressed her painfully swollen bladder from time to time and even that light pressure from her hand made her wince in agony.

Each bump made her bowling ball like hard bladder to bounce inside her making it want to explode.

“Please drive faster ….please” she pleaded to her driver,vigorously rubbing her thigh and knee with one hand and holding herself with the other

Jacky took spars breaths as each act of respiration pushed her pee closer to its exit. She was about to go all over the car seat but was somehow managing to hold on.

The pained expression on her face told so much about the agony she was going through, it almost looked like she was about to cry.

When they finally reached her apartment complex, Jacky jumped out of her car even before it came to a complete halt, quickly making her way towards the elevator while holding her rock hard bladder.

After being seated all this while suddenly getting up and running was too much for her exhausted bladder, but Jacky somehow managed to withhold her pee. She was fatigued beyond words being subjected to such prolonged desperation, but Jacqueline was just moments away from her toilet and the explosive relief she craved. She couldn’t give up now!

Thankfully no one was around so she didn’t care about holding herself inside the elevator.

Once there, Jacqueline grabbed her crotch with her entire might as the elevator slowly ascended to her floor. Her pee was almost coming out.

To her even that small while in the elevator was like ages.For once she thought of peeing in the elevator too but didn’t do so because of the security camera in there.

Finally on her door step now, Jacqueline had to dig deep inside her purse to look for her keys but couldn’t find them, each moment that passed was one closer to disaster.

She held with her hand and bent forward , “I have to pee so much….”

She gathered the last reserves of strength left inside her to hold on a little longer.

She gave a deeper look inside the purse to see if the keys were but to no avail.

“Damn it! Where are fucking keys?! Jacky yelled in agony and frustration, her control was slipping.She grabbed her crotch in one final attempt to hold it in when suddenly a 2 second long stream of hot urine escaped out of her pee hole to run down the back of her thigh.

Barely managing to cut off the flow, Jacky lifted her saree and tore down her panties as pee exploded out of her with all the force of water erupting from a fire hose even before she was completely squatting down.

Jacqueline was now peeing outside her apartment , her lower half exposed to anyone who managed to be around but she just couldn’t help it, there was no possible way that she could’ve held it even a second longer.

“Aaaah…” Jacky moaned, her eyes closed in relief with the flood gates finally open.

The torrent of piss running out of her was nothing like she had ever seen or heard before.

The incredible pressure of her jet was proof enough of just how much she was holding. Her stream made so much noise, but Jacky did not care, all she wanted was relief.

Her body shivered in ecstasy as Jacqueline experienced one of the best peegasms of her entire life.

Even after peeing for a minute her pee showed no signs of stopping any time soon.

Even after such a blast, her bladder area was still tremendously swollen, and she hardly wanted to pee any less. Now she was just peeing, peeing, peeing, like she always did, a long ferocious stream that she thought would go on forever.

She was shocked to see just how much was coming out of her, no wonder she was so desperate.

Even after the fourth minute her gusher continued unabated before the pressure began to drop to something more like her normal stream,soon coming to a complete halt.

Jacky shot a few more thick spurts of pee before finally coming to the conclusion that she had let it all out.

“Oh thank goodness….” she sighed in relief, oh the bliss of a finally deflated bladder.

Fortunately no one had seen her taking a leak in the middle of the corridor, at least up till now and she couldn’t risk it any more.

Jacky quickly stood up by the support of the door knob, pulled back her wet panties and adjusted her saree,

Her bladder still felt so stretched ,but she was glad that it was finally empty.

“Oh what a piss” she said to herself, feeling each bit of satisfaction.

This time Jacky retrieved the key form her purse without any trouble, it was there all this time , but maybe she just couldn’t see it before in her haste.

Jacqueline gave one last look at the enormous puddle that she had left on the floor outside her apartment ,before she went in and shut the door behind her.

( I am sorry if there were any mistakes in the story. I wrote this down in a burst of three hours so I suppose errors are bound to creep in, but please do comment and criticize as much as possible, it will be highly appreciated. Thank you! )

*003*2015-01-12 11:12

I am glad you guys enjoyed my story, your words mean a lot to me thank you! And I will definitely try and write more parts when I have the time! Thanks a ton for your kind words!

