Beseigment, an FE:A short story

Author: RosaE836

*000*2015-08-03 01:54

This is something that I wrote for Harley Quinn as per a trade. Well... it should've been a drawing, but when I wasn't satisfied with the resulting copies, I forfeited into this. Anyways, the reason I haven't tagged this with either female or male is because it has a little of both, although honestly I mostly focused on making them stay in character.

Tip: Ship Henry with Cherche :D

###

If there was anything Henry loved most, it would be animals. Sure, blood cut a close second, but animals were his favorite. Because of this, it should have been no surprise he was attracted to Cherche and her Wyvern, Minerva. Over the trek across both continents, Henry and Cherche seemed to help each other out in even the toughest of fights, both of which happily contributing a blow or two to keep the two alive. Or, three, as Minerva would point out.

Henry had been spending much of the journey learning about actually paying attention to people, instead of just animals. He still paid a lot of attention to animals, and some people he paid a little attention to as well, but one person seemed to captivate him. Of course, who else could it be but Cherche? Throughout his entire life, Henry knew of no one that had such a strong bond with animals as himself. In fact, he learned many felt quite the opposite, and they had paid dearly. He had even remarked about this to Cherche, and she had offered to become friends with him, Minerva included. This conversation in particular had piqued his interests to her, as they soon soared in the skies together a few words later.

Of course, it wasn't always flying around in the skies when they met, and often she had forced him away from Minerva for some time. Henry didn't mind, instead eagerly taking the opportunity to throw a few jokes out or just have a little idle chit-chat with Cherche. She seemed to take these conversations in stride, putting out a reply whenever she got the chance, and many of the jokes Henry had thrown out she had actually laughed at, although a few had that inevitable cringe as his morbid humor stepped the boundary. But out of all the conversations they had together, none had been a bad decision, even in the middle of combat, which is why the battle in Walhart's castle was not excluded.

Chrom had told most of the faster units to fan out to the adjoining hallways, allowing them to flank the stronger enemies that lay in the direct path towards The Conqueror. Henry and Cherche joined up for flanking the left side, Henry hopping aboard Minerva to keep up when not in combat. Due to Cervantes' being so close to them to begin with, most of the tougher members of the Ylissean crew had acted as a barrier, and the remaining magic users had to push back the attack and heal the line. This made the flanking all the more vital, the sooner they could rejoin the main forces, the quicker they could charge the throne. This is what Henry wanted, seeing as he had spent a little too much time chatting away with Cherche, he had forgotten about a need that had been at the back of his mind until now.

Seeing Gaius and Nowi leading the right flank seemed reassuring, although Henry assumed Gaius would run for the first locked chest he found. Henry didn't blame him, as he'd do much the same thing if he saw something that interested him, like a cool bird, or... well, someone to test his curses against. A few such soldiers had been blocking their way to begin with, using the columns as cover to dodge behind. Of course, one well placed throwing axe from Cherche made the first soldier's head snap back as he was propelled a few feet before hitting the ground with a loud thud. Henry's magic did much more to the knight that had been with the man, and the dark magic forced the iron armor into the man like it had been suddenly burst open by a hammer, with all the force and twice the armor fragmentation. The man couldn't help crying out in pain as the two seemed to defeat them with ease, creating a gap for the group to continue towards the main hall's first alternate entrance.

Two more men were blocking the way, a mage and a knight. The knight seemed to know what he was doing, hiding behind his shield as best he could as the mage attacked from behind, casting Elwind at Cherche. Minerva swiftly dodged to the side, but the wind just barely cut Cherche's cheek, causing her to flinch and saying a faint "A-ah! He can cast so quickly..."

Henry realized he wouldn't get much of a chance attacking while seated on Minerva's back, so he jumped to the ground, feeling pain of his own, something that he was well aware of by now. Somehow, he could find a little bit of humor out of it. "Heh, it's like my body care's more for easing its pain than for its own existence." Of course, to Henry, pain was the least of his worries. Pain was something he much enjoyed (even if some of his other comments would contradict such thoughts), and with this pain being so common and non-threatening, he saw no need to worry about it. Henry had lingered on the ground a little longer than normal, so when he started to rise, He could hear the ugly hiss of a Javelin cutting the air, and he watched as it just missed his left arm.

"Henry, are you alright?" Cherche called out, spiraling in the large hallway as another wind spell missed her and Minerva.

"His weapon didn't hit me, so I'm more than all right!" Henry joked, although he wished he could have said something more clever. If all his jokes were going to be that dry, he debated on just not saying any more jokes through the battle. He could at least see Cherche look back at him for a second with a grin on her face, she had obviously enjoyed it enough.

Cherche threw an axe, and it screeched along the knight's shield. Cherche groaned as it clattered harmlessly beside the enemies, and the mage threw another spell her way, forcing her into another sudden dodge.

Henry cast dark magic on the knight, but he simply moved to the side as it exploded into thin air, and as he quickly cast again, it had much the same affect.

"H-Henry, it's getting rather difficult to dodge this mage's spells, Elwind is fast as it is, but he's especially skilled." Cherche soon juked to the side, but it wasn't enough as Minerva felt Elwind barely cut across her right wing, making her dip down suddenly. Cherche let out a startled cry, and Henry soon killed the mage who had cast it, his magic not shown in its entirety as the mage was hiding behind the knight. Soon the knight pulled out a steel lance as he jabbed past Henry, who danced past the spear. As Henry spun to look back at Cherche, he could see more soldiers streaming in behind them, trapping them in the hallway. From the way they were facing, Chrom didn't have to worry about these reinforcements flanking the main forces.

"I hope you're willing to slay some more fools, because we're not leaving this battle any time soon!" Henry jumped to the side as the knight made another jab at him, and he could feel his need to pee getting rather pressing. There was only one problem. His thoughts being placed on his need for a short time, Henry suddenly realized something. If he were to pee himself, would Cherche judge him? He had thought Cherche's smile was one of the best things he had seen that day, but what if soiling his clothes would put a frown of disgust on it? He had been mauling over the fact of asking Cherche an important question, but if she were to have an aversion to him from his soon-to-be-following actions, there would be no way she'd accept.

"Maybe this need isn't as funny as I first thought..." Henry pondered, easily moving out of the steel spear's range once more. "Maybe I shouldn't have drank so much before the battle, but is there anything that I could possibly do that would stop it?" Henry quickly sliced through the Knight's armor with a small spell, and the knight grunted as a small amount of blood splashed out as well. Soon following up with an attack that separated the knight's body from his head, Henry spun around to help out with Cherche.

...Who was currently holding a killer axe in two hands, a cut up Minerva nursing her wounds behind Cherche. Cherche's breathing was ragged, and her light armor had fresh scratches and cuts in it. Henry stepped forward to keep back one of the reinforcements, but two more soldiers were still attacking Cherche, and she could only strike one down before another caught her arm with their silver spear. Cherche cried out in pain and stepped back, letting a hand drop from her axe to cover the wound.

Henry soon realized what he had to do. His bladder's constant pestering was slowing his movement, yet he had to do something to cloak it in case Cherche judged him. He voluntarily let his pee soak into his loins, sighing as the pain receded. Before it became visible, he ran towards the nearest soldier, casting his most powerful curse. The man he reached had practically exploded, and Henry's body was soon coated in blood as he sliced at the last soldier with another attack.

To say the least, the remaining soldier was addled. Trying to retreat, the man only moved a few feet before Cherche tossed her axe at the man's back, and the man fell to the ground as the weight pushed him forward. Cherche's breathing was almost all that was heard as silence filled the hallway, although the sound of combat had somewhat reached them from the main room. "Th... thanks, Henry..." Cherche said softly, although her voice was shaking as the words were delivered.

"It was nothing, I couldn't bear to see your wyvern slain by the soldiers, even less a bear, nya ha ha!"

Cherche looked Henry in the eyes, trying to read the thoughts behind them. "Another one of your hollow laughs. Henry, I know when you're sincere and when you're not, so please, just tell me what's wrong."

Henry scratched his head as he decided to say his thoughts. "Well, I actually mostly did it because I didn't want to see you killed, Cherche. I know you don't really want to die, so I decided not to have it reach you."

"O-oh, so it's not what's mixed in with the blood on the floor?"

Henry glanced and frowned as he realized there was a pale yellow liquid unevenly mixed with the blood that pooled around the soldiers. "That, well, I guess I had a river of something other than blood in me, and much like these soldier's blood, I guess it spilled out. I had thought covering my clothes would have been enough, but I forgot you might look at the floor." Henry slowed his response as he heard a sound from Cherche. Much like his comparison to a river, the sound was a pitter-patter, and a blush formed on Cherche's face as she realized what was happening was not in her control.

"I-It appears all this mention of accidents has made me spring a leak..." Cherche said, shifting uncomfortably in her steel armor. It dripped to the rough cobbles before quickly spreading, although soon a small puddle had formed around her. Someone feeling as though she had to explain herself, she half-looked at Henry. "I-I hadn't been part of an entire siege before, and I guess I forgot we had to breach the castle and secure it before I could relieve myself..."

She soon looked away, now feeling that she needed to say no more. Cherche grabbed the killer axe that was lodged in the last man slain, hefting it over her shoulder. She wouldn't dare take Minerva back out, not if she cared at all for her well-being. Of course, she couldn't simply wait around for someone to find them, especially with what just happened. "I think I see why you love blood so much," Cherche said, looking at the pee that streaked down her legs, thinking how none of it shown on Henry. "Let's walk on foot to another enemy, I could do with you... well... covering me up."

Henry gave a short laugh. "Maybe I can come up with a better joke on the way there!" He said, hefting his best spellbook in one hand.

*002*2015-08-03 02:53

Thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it!

*004*2015-08-04 08:18

Thank you! I was a little uncertain about this, but I'm glad people are enjoying it!

*008*2015-08-12 01:46

Thanks for the feedback, blooper. I'm not as familiar with Henry a I wish I was.

Oh, and I have to agree with Harley on the support point >.<

