Ally's abnormal anecdotes

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2014-02-07 20:44

This is a side topic I'm doing alongside my main story. This one won't be updated as often as my main story but I can assure you that, if this takes off better than I expected, it will possible be updated every other week. I'm trying a different narrative in this one. In short, this story is about a 16 year old girl called Ally Hawthorn who has, by some strange means, a type of curse that causes her time to be reversed at specific points of each day. This is meant to be a high school love comedy with omo included. This is the pilot chapter to see if it takes off.

Monday April 6th

Hi guys! My name's Ally Hawthorn and I'm just your average 16 year old high school girl, most of the time that is. I'm a little short for my age, topping the height chart at around 4'10. My Mom says that I'm short because of all the gymnastics I do. Gymnastics is said to stunt growth but I don't care, I enjoy it. I have long wavy light brown hair and blue eyes. When I was younger, I had blonde hair but I guess it has darkened with age. My friends say that I'm really cute. I'm not sure why they say that but, to be honest, I was asked out by almost every boy in my class in Middle School. I turned them all down as I didn't really like any of them.

They were all just posers who probably wanted me as something to show off to their friends. I like cats, music, shopping and, I'm a little embarrassed to admit, anime and manga. I blame my anime addiction on my Big Brother as he works at a comic book store which stocks a lot of manga. He sometimes brings them home and normally makes me read them with him. It's a little annoying but it's also kind of good as that's probably about the only time we get to spend together. My Mom's a lecturer for English Lit a my local college and my Dad works as an accountant.

I also have a part time job. I work at something called a 'Cosplay Cafe'. I first started out there when I was around 14 years old. I worked in the kitchen washing dishes until I was 16. When I turned 16 I got a promotion to be a waitress. The outfit they get me to wear is kinda cute but it is also a little...skimpy. I get totally embarrassed when someone who I know walks into the Cafe. My Big Brother normally comes along in his breaks just to annoy me. The other girls that work there all know him and send me to fill his order, much to my own protest. He always comments on how cute I look in my outfit. I'm sure he does it to annoy me as that always gets an embarrassed blush from me. I work there on alternating weekend days. One week I work on the Saturday and the other week I work on the Sunday. The hours are normally long but it does earn me a lot of tips and money, though, so I guess it balances out.

Okay. I guess I've told you enough about the normal side of me. Now on to the abnormal. You're probably not going to believe me but this is the truth. I have a strange, I don't really know what to call it, 'curse' of sorts. Every day, I get a phone call and a text from a strange person I don't even know. I've tried to block them and change my number but it doesn't work. They always seem to be able to get into contact with me. The call and text say something about my curse, telling me when it's going to happen and what will happen. There's no easy way to say this, my curse includes me having my age returned to a younger me. I don't really understand it so I won't expect you to right off the bat either. Here's an example of a text I got from 'Mr Voodoo', as I call him. The text read:

"You will be 12 years old from 1400 to 2200."

Basically, putting this into easy to understand terms, when the clock strikes two o'clock I will be changed back to my twelve year old self with all my current knowledge and memories applied to my body when I was twelve. Everything about me changes back to how I was when I was that age. When I say everything, I mean everything. As you can probably tell, this would be kinda hard to explain if it happened when I was with my friends.

Think about this, you're walking along with one of your besties and they suddenly turn back to their younger self. Pretty hard to imagine, huh? Trust me, that's not even half of this strange hocus pocus which I have. What's even more weird is that, when the timer is up, as listed in the example, at ten o'clock I will turn back to my sixteen year old self. Kinda crazy, huh? As you can probably tell, this may have led to...embarrassing accidents as my whole body changes back to that age. So, if I kinda needed the bathroom before I got turned and I became a twelve year old me, my...capacity would be lowered and I may...you know...eek! So totally embarrassing!

Well, if you want, I can tell you a little more about me. So, let's begin with my crazy life. Starting from the very first day I had this curse.

*002*2014-02-14 22:25

Well, as promised on my status a little earlier this week, here's the official first chapter of this little story.

Monday April 6th

Hey guys! It's me again. Last time, I told you that I'd tell you when all of this weird stuff started to happen. Well, it's a kinda long story so I'll shorten it down a little and only include the bits which are important.

Let's go! This all started on my 16th birthday...

Friday July 31st 1 year ago

Today was my birthday! I was SO happy! I'd waited for this day all the year. This was the day when I'd finally become a young adult! I woke up super early. I think the time was somewhere around half eight in the morning. I quickly went about my normal routine. I was so happy that the bathroom was free as my lazy Big Bro would still be in bed around this time. He didn't normally wake up until at least midday in holidays. I quickly finished up my shower and took care of...other needs before returning to my room. To my amazement, while I was still putting my underwear on, my phone rang ("Van!shment th!s world!". Awesome song by Black Raison D'etre. ^.^).

I expected it to be one of my besties wishing me a great day. Strangely, it was an unknown number. Mom always tells me never to answer the phone to an unknown number so I declined the call. I put the rest of my clothes on. Today I decided to look my best to I put on my best hooded vest top and my fanciest pair of jean shorts. I also tied my hair into a ponytail. I didn't bother putting on any make-up, I only ever wear make-up to special social occasions. Mom always says that boys like natural beauty over fake powders and lipstick so I've kind of lived by that. The next minute I know, my phone beeped as it got a text message. I picked up my phone to check who it was from. It was an unknown number again. I decided to read it anyway as one of my friends might have changed their number over the holidays and not got round to telling me yet. The text read:

"You will become 10 years old from 1800 to 2000."

Back then, I didn't know that was Mr Voodoo's way of contacting me so I deleted the message and blocked the number. I just thought it was spam. How could that happen? It's just not possible. Afterwards, I went to my Big Bro's room and banged on his door to wake him up. All I got from the other side was a groan and muffled swearing.

"Big Bro!" I shouted through. "Wake up! Today's a special day!"

"Don't care..." Was the muffled shout back.

I banged on his door again and went downstairs. I cooked myself a nice breakfast and waited for my parents to wake up. Mom always managed to get my Big Bro up. Despite his apparent nonchalant and uncaring exterior, he always listened to Mom. Which boy wouldn't?

The rest of the day went by well. I got quite a lot of things for my birthday but I won't list them here as that'll take too long. The day suddenly turned bad when it struck 6pm. If I remember rightly, I was in my room doing...something private which a girl my age would do, when suddenly I was overcame by a strange hot feeling. I just guess it was...I won't say any more! No no NO! Well, it turned out that it wasn't that at all, it was something much worse. After the heat had faded, I was lying on my bed and my clothes were practically hanging off me. I sat up on my bed thinking that I had just pulled them out of place while...NO! Turns out I hadn't I stood up and went over to my bedroom mirror. I screamed as I saw my reflection.

I was 10 years old again!

My Mom came running in at the sound of my scream. She just gasped and swore when she saw the tiny 10 year old me standing naked in the middle of my room.

How was I going to explain this to her? Imagine this: "Oh, hey, Mom! I got a weird text off an unknown number which said I would turn back to my 10 year old self at 6pm." Not going to happen. Nope. She'd think I was crazy and send me to a psychiatrist, who'd then send me to the loony bin.

I tried my best to explain my situation. Trust me, it wasn't easy. I didn't even understand it myself. I told Mom that she was just seeing things and that she should go back to bed and get some rest. She brought it, for now. I wondered just how long I was going to stay this way. What would I say to my besties? What would I say to my boss? How will I go to school? WHICH school would I go to? I was just too hard, confusing and it interrupted my...stop making me say this! I won't tell you! Well, I thought back to the weird text from that morning and remembered that it stated a time frame. I stayed in my room in the hopes that it would go after the time was up.

I found it a little hard to stay in my room as I was 10 again so I had...smaller parts which then lead to frequent trips to the girl's room, which is what I did back then anyway. Plus, I was bored out of my mind and I really wanted to watch some old cartoons for some weird reason. I nearly bumped into my Big Bro when I left my room to...you know. Thankfully, he was going downstairs to get another beer, probably. He was 19 after all and that's what 19 year old boys do, isn't it?

When my clock struck eight, I was overwhelmed by that hot feeling again and I could feel the towel I wrapped around myself getting tighter as I seemingly grew again. I looked in my mirror once it was over and saw that I was, in fact, 16 again! I was SO happy you wouldn't believe it. I wondered just how often that weird reversal would happen or if it was only just a one off.

Of course, back then, I didn't know it would happen every day.

Well, that's the end of the start of my strange curse-like thing from Mr Voodoo. Next time, I'll tell you about my first meeting with this Mr Voodoo character. I'll see you then. Byee~ <3

*004*2014-05-23 20:10

DAMN! I really should update this again soon. I'm on half term next week so I'll aim to do it then. I'm so sorry for the lack of updates but I've been so busy with coursework that I just haven't had the time to even partake in my other hobbies. REALLY sorry all. :<

*006*2014-05-30 17:26

Well, as promised, here's a much awaited update.

Monday April 6th

So, now you know how I got this weird curse. I promised I'd talk about my first encounter with Mr Voodoo now, so, here we go!

Friday August 7th

I went a whole week switching and changing between my past selves and my current self without any answers. I went about it because I had no choice. It was getting harder and harder to avoid suspicion but I managed to pull through. Finally, I'd had enough.

I awoke this morning to the sound of my text tone going off. I groggily checked my phone and saw that I had a missed call and a text from an unknown number. Despite how many times I blocked it, it still came through. I was half tempted to ignore it all and just go back to my normal life but then I wouldn't know when I would turn or how old I'd become. I read the text:

"You will become fourteen years old from 1500 to 1800."

Fourteen wasn't a bad age to become but I still didn't want to be that old again. I wanted answers. I text a reply to this number.

"What if I don't want to? Come and tell me, face to face, why I should?" I sent back, not expecting an answer but just because I was feeling rather petty and annoyed at it all.

After I sent the reply, I checked my alarm clock. It was 11:15am. I'd had quite the lie in. I got out of bed, went to the bathroom, took a shower and then headed back into my room to get ready for the day ahead. I wasn't expecting to go anywhere today so I put on an oversized Adidas T-shirt (which I 'borrowed' from my Big Bro when he spilt beer all over my best dress just before I was about to hang out with my besties >.< ) and a knee-length sky blue skirt. After that, I went downstairs for breakfast, or lunch, or brunch, whatever you wanna call it.

After my first meal of the day, I spent the rest of the morning and early afternoon doing what any girl my age would do during the summer vacation. I watched TV, argued with my Big Bro about my 'borrowed' T-shirt and sunbathed in the back yard. As soon as it came close to three o'clock, I made myself scarce in my room. As soon as three o'clock struck, I was overcome by the usual weird hot feeling and I felt my clothes become bigger on me. Once it was all over, I looked at myself in the mirror. I was shocked, and a little hurt, to see that I looked pretty much the same as always. I was a few centimetres smaller but, overall, I looked pretty much the same as my sixteen year old self. I was especially hurt by how little my chest area had changed. I thought I'd grown there over the years but it turns out that I hadn't. Still small. Wait, why am I telling you this?! Forget it, okay?! I didn't say anything about my small chest!

The only good thing about little to no change was that I could go about my normal life without any questions. Feeling a little happier from this speck of good news, I went to leave my room. I was stopped by a male voice saying:

"You wished to see me?"

Seems like my text got an answer. I was about to give this guy a piece of my mind when I saw what he actually looked like and I just clammed up. I thought he'd be some dirty, lonely fat middle-aged man who lived in his Mom's basement as they'd be the only kinds of people who'd have enough time to text teen girls creepy things. He actually looked like one of these boys who you'd find in all the popular boy bands. He looked a little older than me, the sixteen year old me, I mean, had deep blue eyes and brilliant blond hair! I guess you could say I was lovestruck.

"Ally Hawthorn, right?" He asked.

"Y-yeah." I stammered back with a silly smile on my face.

"You wanted an explanation for all of this, didn't you?"

I couldn't answer that but, thankfully, I didn't have to as he went on to explain it all.

"I was bored and wanted some entertainment so I looked through all the people in the world who had their birthdays in the month of July and added them into a random lottery database. I guess you could say that you were the lucky one who got picked. As for the age changes, I wanted to see how superficial the branding of 'Ages' actually are. An age does not define a person."

"But why?" I asked. "Why?"

"Because it's worth watching, that's why. I like to see how people cope in strange situations which are normally deemed impossible."

"Who are you? What are you?"

"I guess the only likening people can think of is kind of like a Magician or a Deity. Anyway, I've got to be going now. I've answered your question so I've kept to my word. Goodbye."

He just disappeared then, like he'd never been there in the first place.

So, that's my first meeting with the adorable trickster dubbed Mr Voodoo. I'm not really sure what to talk about next time. I'm sure I'll come up with something but you can decide if you want. Byee~ <3

