Aunt Nancy

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-12-16 22:34

Aunt Nancy

By Dewleaf

“What are you trying to teach my children?” Bridget asked her younger sister.

“What?” Nancy looked up at her older sister with tears in her eyes. “I’m not trying to teach them anything. I just had a problem.”

The two young women were almost a world apart. Bridget was nearly thirty years old with a twelve year old boy and a nine year old girl and Nancy was a high school student at the age of seventeen who had been pawned off onto her sister for the Winter break because her parents really couldn’t stand the teen.

Bridget’s flowing auburn hair reached her shoulders and her green daring eyes pierced her younger sister’s soul making her eyes sting with same at her current condition even while the two women stood in front of Jacob and Sammy.

The four of them were at the airport, where Bridget had meant to pick up her sister so they could spend the afternoon getting reacquainted and have a good afternoon, but in Nancy’s current condition, that seemed quite impossible now. Not only was it upsetting to see her sister’s brown pants soaked in her urine for whatever reason she had, but she had trouble with her own daughter Sammy trying to explain to her and to teach her that it was unhealthy and a bad thing to let go in her pants, and now her was her aunt on display for her children to see an adult doing the same things that Sammy sometimes did.

Nancy looked at the ground wanting to crawl into a small hole somewhere because she knew that Bridget was right. Her short black hair that hung in curls clung to her forehead because of the perspiration caused by all the stares and the imagined murmur of the people that could see her. Sammy looked up at her aunt with an uh-oh surprised look in her lively blue eyes that shined, and one could only imagine what the nine year old was thinking as she seemed too stunned to say anything at the moment.

“Aunt Nancy is an adult, right?” Jacob asked his mother.

Bridget nodded.

“So, I guess that means there isn’t anything you can do about her like you would if it were Sammy or me, right? I mean, I guess it’s okay that she did that because she’s an adult, right?”

Nancy gulped.

“Well, I don’t see how that’s any of your business,” his mother tried to delay making a decision until she could talk to Nancy in private about her situation.

“But it is,” Jacob insisted. “I always thought that since you always got mad at Sammy and put her in diapers at night when she did that, that well, you might even wear a diaper yourself if you ever actually did that because you said there is really only a couple of reasons someone has a good reason to do it, and even if they have those reasons, it would be even more a good reason to put them in diapers.”

Bridget sighed.

“So, is Aunt Nancy too old for diapers? And is it fair to Sammy to make her wear diapers if Aunt Nancy doesn’t have to?”

Bridget looked from her son to Nancy. She wanted to point to what he was saying and to convince Nancy that she was responsible for confusing him.

Nancy looked shocked from her nephew who would ask such a thing about her to her sister who seemed to have a look that agreed with her son.

“Come with me,” Bridget called to the group of children. “We need to get to the car, and then we’ll discuss what to do about Aunt Nancy there.”

“If it was Sammy, you wouldn’t even discuss it,” Jacob pointed out.

Bridget sighed. Jacob was actually right, and she felt like it would be wrong not to follow through with teaching her sister a lesson so that both her sister and her children learned that it wasn’t okay to have an accident at that age, but she wondered what her sister would do about it, and if her sister might even get so upset that she’d just leave and try to go back home, or worse, try to get somewhere off to herself where she might get into worse trouble.

They walked to the baggage claim together, Aunt Nancy’s pants glistening in full view of everyone that cared to looked. Sammy, however, walked over to her aunt’s side, held her hand and looked up at her.

“It’s okay,” she said quietly as her mother was busy checking the bags for her sister’s stuff. “I wet the bed sometimes, too. Please don’t be too sad. I’ll share a bed with you, and I won’t make fun of you if you have to wear a diaper.”

Nancy looked down at her young niece, and she smiled a bit though she was still nervous about what her sister was going to do to her for finding her this way. Her parents sent her to her sister’s house because as they had said, they are just too old to understand how to deal with her anymore, but they trusted that her sister would help them teach her to do what is right.

“Thank you,” she mouthed to her niece, and then she saw one of her bags and picked it up off of the moving platform that carried the hundreds of bags in and out of the claims area for the travelers to claim.

Once they had Nancy’s two bags from under the plane and Nancy carried her hand bag, they proceeded out of the airport to the car. Nancy was uncomfortably aware of several people, some as young as Sammy and some as old as her sister looking at what she had done. It made the redness on her face deepen as she walked with her head held down towards the car.

“Jacob, you may ride in the front seat,” Bridget told her older son. “If Nancy is wet, I don’t want my front seats stained like the backseats are from Sammy.”

Jacob smiled and punched the air with victory that he was allowed to ride in the front both going to the airport and also returning home. Bridget stopped Nancy from getting in the car for a minute while she retrieved the blanket that Sammy had often sat on when she was found wet somewhere to try to keep the seat as clean as possible. Under Sammy, there was another blanket which had multiple stains on it.

Jacob looked at Nancy for a brief moment, taking in her wet pants for one last time before he climbed into the front seat to settle in. Bridget then put Nancy’s bags in the back and climbed in herself, but before even turning the car on, she turned to the back and she looked Nancy in the eye.

“Now, about you, young lady—do you think it was a good think to just pee your pants like that?”

Nancy shook her head no, tears no rolling down her face.

“Do you think I should further confuse my children by having no consequence at all?”

Nancy shook her head no knowing it was coming, but hoping that she wouldn’t be too mean about it.

“Before I decide on how to punish you for this, why don’t you tell us why you were waiting for us in soaked pants.”

“Well, I—I was scared I guess.”

“Scared?”

“Yeah, you know with all the crazy things that’s been happening lately, I just wanted to wait once I got to the airport until I saw you and we could go somewhere a little safer, but I couldn’t wait, and when I started to go to the toilets anyway, there were some strange people hanging outside them, so I decided I wasn’t going to go in there no matter what, and then it started happening and I just ran to meet you because it was… it was scary.”

Nancy had tears in her eyes, rivers down her face, and sobs shaking her body as she finished telling what had caused her to decide to wait too long.

“You couldn’t have been waiting that long though from the airplane to the baggage claim. Why couldn’t you just wait a few more minutes?”

“I had already been waiting on the plane because we were delayed in the air for like an hour, and since we didn’t know when we’d get the okay to land, no one was allowed out of our seats no matter what. I did asked the flight attendant near the beginning when the delay had been already longer than five minutes, and she only assured me that we’d be on the ground soon so I had to wait.”

Bridget looked at Jacob as if to consider what he might be thinking about this. She didn’t know if she should make an exception in this case or not. If it had only been her sister and her, she would have, but looking at Sammy, Bridget shook her head and realized she still had to teach both her children and Nancy that it was still unacceptable for the older teenager to wet her pants like that.

“Well, you know mom and dad sent you to my house so that I could help discipline you when you do something that’s, well, not exactly adult-like,” Bridget looked at her sister though her eyes shined with love, they were strict.

“Yeah, I know,” Nancy sighed. “I’m willing to do whatever you want, even let you spank me if you think I need one.”

“No, I don’t think spanking teaches you anything especially at your age, Nancy. But I am going to insist that you prove to all of us that you don’t need diapers before I allow you to go diaper free for the rest of your stay with us.”

“What do you mean?”

“Sammy, get one of your diapers from your bag and let’s see how it fits your Aunt Nancy.”

Sammy, shaking a bit with nervousness, fumbled through the bag and pulled out a diaper that needed to be taped on.

“Get your pants and your underwear off,” Bridget ordered her sister. “Jacob, you stare straight ahead, and if I catch you trying to look at your aunt before she’s decent, you’ll get it.”

“Right here?” Nancy asked her sister.

“Where else can I change you? Do you want to go into the airport and show everyone in the bathroom that you need diapers and then walk out to the car in a diaper so everyone can see you?”

“No,” Nancy whispered.

“Then there is no other place to change you. Get your pants your pants off. Sammy, help your cousin.”

Sammy waited for Nancy to undo her pants and to get them halfway down her tanned legs before she pulled at the ends and helped her get them off. Then Nancy pulled off her heart-patterned panties which were soaked in urine and dropped them on top of her pants on the floor of the car.

“Lift up,” Sammy whispered to her aunt. As Nancy did so, Sammy slipped a diaper underneath her.

“Now, just pull the diaper into a comfortable position and tape the tapes,” Bridget told her. “I’ll double check your tapes when we stop, but for now, that will at least catch most of the urine if you pee your pants again. Sammy, do you need to change your diaper?”

“No mommy, I’m still dry, but I kind of have to pee.”

“Can you make it inside if I take you?”

“I don’t know.”

“Well, if you don’t think you’ll make it, you can just wet your diaper and I’ll change you when I stop. Which do you think will be better?”

“I—I really have to pee badly. I doubt I can get in the bathroom in time,” Sammy looked up at her mommy with tears.

“Why didn’t you tell mommy you had to go while we were in there, then?”

“I don’t know.”

“Alright, well, since you are in a diaper, you can just use it. I’ll change you as soon as I can stop somewhere.”

“Yes mommy.”

They then pulled out of the parking and started for their three hour trip home. Nancy’s diaper was exposed, and now that she was diapered, Bridget didn’t care if Jacob looked back from time to time to talk to her and he had a clear view of her diaper. Sammy laid her head against her aunt and started to drift off to sleep as she felt the warmth start to spread from her privates around her diaper.

