Grounded princess

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-07-28 15:37

The princess had almost escaped. She almost smelled her freedom. But her mother had caught her and her only option of peeing was taken away from her.

"I'm locking you in your room!" Her mother could never get stricter.

"N-no. I...need to use the toilet!" The princess whined.

"No excuses! I will take your bucket and you will HOLD IT like a good young lady. You're going to need to train that little bladder of yours anyway for your coronation when you become a queen! So now you can do that whilst thinking about your silly attempt to escape!" The door was shut and locked and the princess could only hear the fading footsteps of her mother and the bucket handle rattling.

"Oooo fuck...this is bad." The princess held her crotch through her dress, pacing around the room and darting her eyes around for anything to pee in. Her jewellery box? No. Her tea cup? Ew. Never. Her desperation slowly crept up on her, her pussy pulsating in between her rubbing thighs. The corset she was wearing pressed against her bladder, making it much harder to hold back the flood. The princess leaned against her door, sliding down it to sit on the floor. Both of her hands were in between her legs, pressing against her urethra.

A lot of oohs and ahhs escaped her mouth as she attempted to hold back the flood. The princess danced innthe middle of her room, wriggling around in circles and bending and bouncing her legs. Suddenly, she could hear a familiar voice shout her name from outside her window. Her beautiful Prince stood on her balcony, making the princess snap into a graceful position, only her thighs held back her flood.

"Hello, my love. I'd hate to barge in but-"

"Oooh um I'm kind of glad you did, darling. I really need to wee but my mother locked me in my room!" The princess was taken back by the words that fell from the princess' mouth that he didn't even realise her hands snapped back into her crotch as she bounced on the spot, moaning quietly under her breath.

"Oh lord...um, would you like some help?"

"P-please." Suddenly, a few drops of pee rolled out into her panties. "Oooo no, be a good girl...be a good girl...do NOT soil your panties!"

The Prince rushed around the room, looking for anything she can pee in, but to no avail. They were both against the clock as the princess' desperation turned into a bigger emergency. Her piss pushed against her pee hole, begging to be let out, but she wanted to be a queen, not a little girl. Eventually, the Prince found nothing and began a quiet panic.

"C-can you walk to your balcony, my love?"

"W-what! Are you asking me to...urinate outside?!" The Prince nodded coyly. "Nope! No! I must use something to release my bladder, I will not wee outside like a dog!" Suddenly, a 2 second stream came out of the princess' pee hole, requiring her to push more pressure onto her pussy hole. Her small dances turned into hig wiggles and leg fans, her movement becoming rapid and over the top.

"I see you're in a very bad position, my love. I believe urinating into am object is no longer an option?"

"Y-yes...um...could you...pull my undergarments down? I will just go here. My cleaners will mop it up." The princess' eyes wired shut as she grabbed her pussy even tighter, unable to move from that spot.

"O-oh yes...I can...do that." The prince walked over slowly, looking the princess up and down. He couldn't lie about becoming aroused in this situation. With much struggle, the princess took her hand from her privates for a single second until the Prince rolled her panties down far enough, snapping them back as soon as she got the opportunity. The prince rolled her panties down to her ankles, signalling her to let go of her stream.

"You can let go now, my darling." The prince stood and walked to the balcony, looking away for her privacy. With her pussy exposed under her dress, she let go, sending her stream flying out. The princess held up her dress, exposing her beautiful vulva to the world, even the prince couldn't look away.

Her pee formed a medium sized puddle beneath her, some pee going into her panties. She moaned loudly, not regretting her choices. The prince could feel his hard on forming under his garments.

Luckily for him, the princess helped him with that shortly after 😉

