Space Wetters (The Story of Aurora Stardust)

Author: SciFiGirl

*000*2013-11-09 01:29

Space Wetters (The Story of Aurora Stardust)

Chapter 1 Does Time passes in Space-time?

The Witch Head Nebula (900 light years away for Earth).

Salutations! My name is Aurora Stardust, and this is how my odd and tragic story begins.

No, wait… let me start at the very beginning, because this story really started long before my own time.

It was in the year 2135 that my great grandmother invented the very first faster than light engine, starting the greatest human revolution and evolution in the history of the planet, as many nations around the world began to work together to better the human condition.

Wars and other world problems slowly disappeared as people began to see the planet Earth as just a small (little) speck in the universe and that there was more to life than being a total whiny primitive.

In the year 2185, Humans first encountered alien races; some were friendly and wanted to be allies with us Humans.

One species gave us the technology to make worm holes, giving us quicker ways to travel the Milky Way, but we also met some species who were not so friendly as Humans traveled deeper into the galaxy.

Yes, we met both friends and foes along the way!

This brings us to my tragic tale… it happened in the year 2400, when both my sister Liz and I decided to follow in our parents’ footsteps and join the Space Alliance. Sadly, our parents had been killed four years previously by space raiders who were trying to steal a new type of deadly weapon for space ships.

I was the oldest and I begged my sister not to join, but she was stubborn and never agreed with me on anything... if only she had, just this once.

We Humans made contact with a unknown species while deep in space. My sister and I were part of the away team which met them on a rocky surface planet (Almost similar to the Grand Canyon on Earth, but much more darker reds and purples).

So far, it had gone quite well, as our captain made peace with them.

They were very beautiful beings, made of light energy, but you could still make out their humanoid facial features and body forms.

I turned to smile at my little sister, but my smile turned to a worried frown as I noticed she was holding her crotch and crossing her legs.

"Sister, my love, are you okay?" I asked.

"No... I have to pee really bad." she whined quietly to me, hoping that no one else would hear her, but some of the troops did. They giggled at her statement, making her blush.

"Why didn't you go on the ship?" I queried as I noticed one of the light aliens eyeing my sister very oddly.

"One of the officers stopped me, ordering me to go to the docking bay right away." she explained as she was getting more and more desperate.

"Did you say that you had to go?" I queried once again, trying to understand my sister's stupidity.

"I did but she.... told me to act.... like a soldier not a... little child with a.... still developing.. bladder!" my little sister moaned as her bladder was filling with more and more urine. The Alien was staring even more oddly at my sister now.

"Just try to hold on (just) a little longer, okay, sissy?" I said trying to give her some hope.

""I..... Can't.... Ahhh!" my sister yelled as pee shot out of her pants.She was soaking herself (in her own urine). Suddenly the strange alien screeched a very loud scream as she saw my sister wet herself.

All the other aliens flew into the sky and began to surround my sister. They started to touch her, and I was in total shock as I saw my poor sister being attacked by these things. (then)

Our captain ordered us to open fire, and as we did the strange aliens attacked back, killing many of our away team. I was knocked out while I was trying to grab one of the aliens.

I could feel myself falling in and out of consciousness; it was weird because I wasn't hurt badly enough to be K.O, but besides seeing my sister being taken away by the aliens, I could feel my pants getting soaked (and darkening) with my urine.

Then I woke up in sick bay and one of the doctors told me what had happened; I was the only one on the team that had survived!

The Year is now 2405, and we still are fighting these creatures.

We now known more about them; they are a race that's oddly all female , and they are called the Fetisains, but we soldiers like to call them Banshee because of the scream they make when we destroy their robotic armor or when we kill them.

One embarrassing detail… they also like to make us… um, wet our pants.

It has happened to me many times, but it’s still always so embarrassing. It feels like someone else is in control of your body, but only your bladder!

For some weird reason, they only do it to us women; probably because they don't find men attractive. For a species that's all female, I guess it makes sense.

Also a last note: they usually don't kill us, they just control our minds and make us black out after they make us pee ourselves. It’s weird why they don't just kill us.

This morning I woke up to yet another nightmare of my sister being taken away, and as always, I had wet myself again.Luckily my protective aborbies soaked up all the urine, saving my sheets from an embarrassing accident.

Absorbies were invented by a alien race called the Bladdoars before their deep space travel era.

They were in a world war; (one of) the other (-) side had invented a gas weapon, but when they tested it, it got out of control, engulfing their whole planet. It didn't kill anyone, but it made all their females have weak bladder control. The war was ended by (the) all their scientists working together for a cure, but after all those years nothing had come out of it, so some gave up and worked on effective (bladder) protection instead. One of the inventions was the absorbies that look (like) just like panties and fit the same way (tightest) but can absorb a lot of urine!

I took off my absorbies and opened the laundry panel, then threw them inside..

A computer voice then said, “Laundry basket full; now washing clothing.”

I was thinking about all the wet absorbies it was washing right now and feeling somewhat aroused by the thought of it!

I then had to snap out of it as I got ready for another day on the ship. I was (so) excited because it was my first day as 1st officer and 2nd in command.

I hope you enjoy it! Special thanks to frostyjr2 for helping me with editing!

Please note I'm a very busy girl flying threw space and all! If I can get 10 or so "Engages" I will definitely continued the story! If not we'll see.

*007*2013-11-14 03:29

I decided to continued the story thanks for everyone who reply!

Don't know when I'll finish the next part so please be patient

*010*2013-11-14 23:03

{{: 

Grand story I might say. Good work!

}}

Thanks for the funny pic you lighten up my day JZshark!

*011*2013-11-17 23:55

Here's a small preview of the next part, hope you enjoy

I walk out of my quarters as the doors shut automatically be-hide me, when I made my way though the halls I had so much confidences in myself as my fellow crew members saying "Hello commander!" and saluting me I waited my hold life to be call that! Ever since I join the S.A, but really I can't wait to be a captain and have the right to have my own ship maybe... then I can start the search to find my sister Liz people all around me always say she dead and I should move on with my life, but I can't except that I known deep inside, she is alive somewhere in this massive insane galaxy!

*015*2013-11-27 02:55

Chapter 2 Commander Aurora Stardust

Real Picture of the planet Saturn taking by Cassini spacecraft

I walked out of my quarters as the doors shut automatically behind me.

As I made my way though the halls, it gave me so much confidence in myself to hear my fellow crew members saying "Hello commander!" and see them saluting me as I passed them. I had waited my whole life to be called that! Well, at least ever since I had joined the S.A. ...

But, in fact, I still couldn't wait to be a captain and have the right to have my own star ship. Because then, maybe... I could start the search to find my lost sister Liz.

Everyone around me always told me I should just accept the fact that she was dead and move on with my life, but I couldn't ever bring myself to believe that. Somehow, I just knew deep down inside of me that she was still alive, somewhere in this massive insane galaxy!

I made my way up to the bridge. As I entered, I overheard some of my crew members talking, and I was not very happy about what I was hearing!

"Yeah, and then she wet her pants!" laughed a male crew member. He was a Human in his late 20's, he had short black hair, with suntanned skin, and blue eyes. "Yep, we're in this war 'cause some air-headed girl couldn't hold her pee inside her little bladder!" The man laughed again as he said this.

"Is that why you Humans have that phrase 'Liz the Wiz'?" queried a Omosim female, who was also in her early 20's. Omosims are a reptilian race. They have humanoid faces, but small reptile-like ear holes. Like reptiles, they have no hair on their bodies, but they modified their D.N.A eons ago so they aren't cold blooded anymore.

"Yep, like 'I got to wiz like Liz the Wiz'!" laughed the man yet again. "We even have a song; would you like to hear it?" the man asked with a grin on his face.

"Um... sure... I guess so," she smirked. It wasn't so much that she really wanted to, but she had a little crush on the Human.

"There once was a girl named Liz the Wiz who had to take a piss but she missed and now we're all in a hissy fit with a race that's all into wetting!" laughed the man humorously.

"That's kind of boorish," she said, not liking the way a dead girl was being portrayed.

"Yes, quite!" I added my personal opinion with my arms crossed. I was miffed; I had heard that stupid song before and it always infuriated me.

The first time I heard it, I cried and ran to my quarters for I didn't have the authority to tell them to shut it, but now... I did!

"Oh, um..... Commander Stardust! I... I didn't see you there!" he stuttered with fear as he quickly went back to his work on the computer.

"If I hear you sing that song again, I'll make sure you don't get to fly on another star ship ever again! Got that, lieutenant?" I demanded.

"Yes, Commander! I'm sorry, I forgot she was your sister... I didn't mean to..." he tried to apologize, but I interrupted him.

"Just don't talk about her again, all right?" I ordered. "I really love my sister with all my heart, and I truly miss her!" I explained. This obviously made him feel really bad; he just put his head down and nodded in agreement as he went back to work right away on his computer.

Right at that moment, Capt. Neil walked in.

"What's going on here?" inquired Capt. Neil.

"Nothing, sir. We're just talking, is all!" I answered with my arms now crossed behind my back as I looked into his kind, dark gray eyes.

"He said something about poor Liz, did he?" asked Capt. Neil.

He always sees right though me!

I have known him for as long as I can remember; he was a very close friend of my parents, and is like a father to me. So much so, he even knows about my..... little bed wetting problem.

"Everything is fine, Captain... no worries!" I said, not looking at him in the eyes any longer.

"Aurora, sweetie, call me Jake; how long have you known me?" he inquired with a laugh.

He wasn't like any other captain in charge of a star ship. He preferred using his given name, for he really didn't like his last name very much. I asked him a long time ago why he didn't like it; he just laughed and said, "Because Stardust is better!"

He also says that when other people ask him that question.

I thought it was sweet of him at first... I'm like a daughter to him after all. But it got old after a while.

"I need to get back to work, Captain." I said, not giving in as I walked to my computer, sat down on the chair and began scanning space for enemies or something not yet discovered by humanity while also running diagnostics on the ship.

Although I love him as I would a father, I would never allow myself to use his first name instead of his rank; it's not who I am!

I turned to look back at him and I saw him shake his head sadly as he walked over to the captain's chair to sit down.

Moments later, my best friend walked onto the bridge.

She was a Bladdoar named Penny. She smiled as she came over to stand next me.

She and I used to date a while back, but we called it off in order to see other people.

Sometimes we were still 'friends with benefits', though.

I love her a lot because she didn't ever judge me for my bed wetting problem; being a Bladdoar, she had one of her own, which made us closer. Some of my other girl friends in the past didn't even try to understand; they just dumped me as fast as lightning when I told them.

I feel sorry for a Bladdoar female. I can usually manage to hide my bed wetting problem from people, but if you're a Bladdoar, everyone in the whole galaxy knows you're a bed wetter and and that you wet yourself so often that you have to wear absorbies all the time.

Hours later, I noticed Penny moving up and down in her chair. I was feeling somewhat turned on by this. Was I getting a fetish? I wondered. She then got up to go to the toilet, but she stopped only a few inches from her chair. I knew exactly what was happening. She had wet herself!

She looked at me with great embarrassment, but the other crew didn't really seem to take any notice. She then went back to her chair. As she sat back down, I clearly heard a little squishing noise.

Her poor absorbie must be really full! I thought to myself.

To make a sound like that, it would have to be!

My heart began beating faster as I thought about her having wet herself just now.

I had never had any type of wetting fetish before this. I knew a couple of people who were into it and had had some lovers who were into it also; plus Penny, of course... most Bladdoars did have a wetting fetish of one kind or other after the war, but I had never gotten into that myself. Despite, or perhaps even because of, my bed wetting problem, it wasn't ever my thing... until now, I guess!

​(Whiter's note Bladdoars look exactly like Humans but with green or purple hair and green/purple eyes).

Story whiten by SciFiGirl 

*018*2013-12-03 22:02

Dear friends and fans Space Wetters is also in the fiction now too enjoy!

*020*2014-02-14 02:32

The Heart Nebula 7500 light years away from Earth

Chapter 3 In Love with Penny... again

As I was looking at my computer screen thinking about Penny's accident and how it turning me on..... was I falling in love with her again? Penny suddenly got up.She walked over to the captain and spoke softly to him, but I was close enough to hear what she said.

"Um...... Captain Jake, may I be excused real quick?" asked Penny.

I guess she was getting pretty uncomfortable by now sitting in her very wet absorbie.

"Yes you may, Lieutenant," answered Capt. Neil.

Suddenly a starship appeared on my scanner. It barely had time to register before-

"Captain! Incoming fire!" I yelled just as the starship took a shot which passed close enough to our vessel for us to feel the impact of its shock wave as it went by.

Penny fell down on her rear, accompanied by a wet squishing noise from her absorbie.

The captain quickly helped her up and told her to go back to her station.

"BATTLE STATIONS EVERYBODY!" Captain Jake shouted now.

"Captain, we're being hailed!" shouted our communications officer, Corporal Peterson. She was a Human female in her early 30's, and she had the most dazzling red hair I had ever seen on anyone in my life.

"Patch them though, Corporal!" ordered the captain.

"S.A vessel! You are in the Banit territory, turn around and go back to where you came from immediately!" demanded the captain of the Banit ship.

Banits are an insectoid race with ant-like faces, four arms and two legs. They are a very territorial species and don't welcome any other race. We have tried to enter into peace negotiations with the Banits, but still can not come to terms with them.

"We're on a very important mission, Captain. Please allow us passage through your zone. We mean you no harm, and we will be gone before you know it," said Capt. Neil in a very calm and soft voice.

"And what, may I ask, is this important mission?!" yelled the Banit captain. I flicked on our internal comlink and whispered in the captain's ear before he spoke.

"Captain, we should tell them our mission; the Banits will think we're threatening them if we don't," I said softly to the captain.

"Yes I agree." whispered back Capt. Neil as the captain of the Banit star ship was moving his head back and forth, trying to hear what we where saying.

"We're tracking a Fetisain vessel that's in this sector, and it's very important that we catch up with their ship." said Capt. Neil.

"Lies!" yelled the Banit captain "Our deep space scanners can range many light years away into space. If they were here, we would know it!" exclaimed the Banit captain with rage.

"You’re using scanners calibrated for plasma shields, but the Fetisains use a unknown type of invisible shielding.... all we know is it gives off a little bit of background radiation; that's what you need to be scanning for." Captain Neil tried to explain helpfully, keeping his tone of voice calm.

"Lies, lies, lies!", the Banit captain yelled once again as his mandibles moved back and forth. “Since you refuse to retreat, you leave us no choice. Open fire!"

His weapons officer immediately obeyed the command, and I fell down on my backside hard as our ship took a direct hit, having neglected to fasten my seat belt when the Captain called for battle stations.When I landed on the floor I felt a little bit of pee escape out of my bladder and dampen my red bikini string panties, but I didn't have time to worry about it too much; I just got up and ran back to my work station computer to help out.

"Damage report, Commander Stardust!" ordered Capt. Neil.

"No damage, captain!" I quickly replied. "Should I fire our lasers?" I asked, the tension of the moment making my bladder start to feel really full.

"Yes, give them an answering shot to a non-critical area of their ship, and be ready to fire gamma torpedoes on my order!" Capt. Neil tersely commanded.

"Aye aye captain!" I answered as I pushed the button on my computer to fire lasers at the Banit ship,damaging it just enough for them to understand that we were able to do more if we wanted to.

Even as I obeyed the Captain’s order, I was thinking, ‘Why do they see us as these evil villains who are after their planets? We have our own, we even have ten times more territory than they do...', but it’s their nature to be defensive, I suppose.

After a couple of minutes of silence from the Banit ship, I felt as if my bladder was going to burst.

If all this isn't over soon, I might just end up peeing my pants in front of all my crew mates, I thought as I felt yet another drizzle shoot out of my bladder into my panties.

I looked down and thankfully my pants were still dry, but just as I did, another stream escaped. This time a little wet patch had formed on my pants.

Good thing our uniforms are black, I thought to myself.

Meanwhile, three minutes had passed and the Banit vessel still didn't fall back. Holding their ground, they unleashed several quick salvos, using up all their gamma torpedoes in the process but only managing to damage a few non-critical areas on our ship's hull, and not too badly at that. Their weapons technology isn't as advanced as ours.

"Corporal Peterson, send a last warning saying we will destroy them if they don't fall back!' ordered Capt. Neil.

Even so, he was clearly not happy with the way things had escalated into a battle; in fact, we all were still hoping they would just listen to us and go back home, but it certainly didn’t look like that was going to happen at this point.

"Aye aye, Captain!" she answered, and moments later we got a response.

"Captain, they said ‘Over their dead bodies!"

Corp. Peterson frowned as she repeated the Banits’ reply.

"Man, what is wrong with them?" Capt. Neil said angrily. "Aurora, fire those gamma torpedoes now!" he ordered.

Obeying his command, I sent out two gamma torpedoes. As the torpedoes hit their vessel the Banit ship was obliterated in a matter of seconds, leaving only a large scattering of debris in space.

I felt great sorrow for the Banits; I didn't want to destroy them, but it had to be done.

I also felt something else now… the urgent call of my bladder.

"Nice shot, Aurora, that's my girl!" shouted out Capt. Neil as he got up. "Pilot, head back on to course before more of those Banits show up!" ordered Capt. Neil as he walked over towards me. “All ahead full speed!” he ordered then smiling at me with opened arms going to hug me which I had to prevent or I'll be in big trouble!

"Captain, can I be excused please?" I said in a whisper, before the hug made contact with my body.

My bladder was now making me feel the need to release its contents even more. As I got up from my chair, a stream of pee shot out, making me bend over and cross my legs to stop the flow.

"Sure, Aurora." he said, trying hard not to laugh at me. I’m sure he knew what was up as I walked very carefully to the elevator.

"Can I be excused too, Captain?" asked Penny.

"Yes, you may also." answered Capt. Neil.

"Hey, wait up, Commander!" yelled Penny as she ran up to me in the elevator before the doors closed.

"You have to pee too, don’t you, Commander? asked Penny, looking at me with her beautiful green eyes.

“You can call me Aurora in private, Penny. We’re friends, after all…”

I was openly holding myself now, and as the elevator started its descent the motion of it made me pee myself again. I could feel the warm wetness of it going down my legs.

"OMG, I do have to, and I’m not going to make it, Penny!" I cried.

"I have a idea, Aurora!" she said as she started to take off her uniform pants.

"Penny, what are you doing!" I yelled, seeing her in her pink absorbie that was so full that it sagged. She then took it off.

"Just pee in my absorbie," she explained.

"But you already peed in it! It’s full, and it’s going to leak all over the place!" I said, jumping up and down trying to keep control and prevent myself from peeing.

"It's okay, Aurora; just hurry before the doors open!" she yelled as she put her hands on her crotch. I quickly took off my pants and panties, Penny was staring at me the whole time that I was undressing, then looking at my pee-stained panties on the floor.

I was out of other options now, so I quickly put on the absorbie. It felt so weird on my body, feeling Penny's absorbie full of cold pee against my skin. The minute I got it on, my bladder let go without my command. It felt so good to finally release everything I had been holding for all this time, but just as I’d predicted, the poor pink absorbie couldn't hold all this pee and started to leak everywhere!

"Quick, Aurora, switch back!" she yelled. We did, and just before the doors opened, Penny pulled me aside and stood in my small puddle on the floor. I looked over at Penny, and I could see the absorbie was still leaking as my warm pee dripped down Penny's legs.

"But Penny, now everyone’s going to think you peed yourself." I said.

"It's okay, Aurora… no one’s going to judge a Bladdoar girl for wetting herself!"

We both laughed because it was so true.

The elevator doors opened, and a Human man walked in with a very shocked look on his face.

"Oh, Lieutenant; it looks like you’ve had a little accident. I'll call a cleaning crew for you, no worries," he said with a friendly smile.

"Thanks!" she said. As we both walked out of the elevator, we started to laugh because we knew what had really happened in there.

We walked to my quarters and Penny asked if she could take a shower and borrow some clean clothes.

I said, "Of course."

Rummaging through my locker, I found a cute light green absorbie and a pair of clean uniform pants and handed them to her as I took a pair of pink panties with white polka dots on them and another pair of uniform pants for myself as well.

I told her that she could take the first shower, but she grinned a very sexy smile at me and grabbed my arm and led me into the bathroom with her. She shut the door and started to kiss me, but I pulled away from her.

"Hey, what's wrong?" she asked

"I, um... still have to pee." I said, embarrassed.

"Do it in your pants, right here, right now." she grinned and licked her lips. I smiled back and ran my hands though her light purple hair, and then I took off my pants because I thought it would be sexier for Penny if she could see me wet my panties. I even took off my shirt as well, so that I was now standing there in just my red bra and panties.

"Should I do it in the shower so I won't make a mess?" I asked.

"Well, duh!" she said, giving me a little push.

"Hey, don't push me!" I laughed as I kissed her then stepped into the shower and started to pee right through my panties for Penny.

Meanwhile, she took off her uniform, and standing there in the shower with me in her pink bra and very wet absorbie, she started to kiss me very wildly and put her hand on my crotch through my wet panties and started to rub my vagina.

I responded by putting both of my hands on her soaking wet absorbie and squeezing it hard.

As the mix of urine, both Penny’s and mine, shot out of it, it fell to the shower floor and swirled down the drain. Penny and I looked down and we both started to giggle like crazy.

Story written by SciFiGirl 

*023*2014-03-26 02:55

{{: 

Hi, SciFiGirl, I hadn't seen your story before, but now I've read all chapters I really liked them very much, but maybe the last one most! I love when girls are falling in love with each other! I wonder if lesbian love will be more common and accepted in the future? / Kisses

}}

I'm glad you like it!

It will the future is always better because we humans can shape it into anything we want. Love always beats hatred.

*024*2014-04-08 00:59

Space Wetters (The Story of Aurora Stardust)

Chapter 4 Love is in the Air.... Oh I mean in Space!

The planet Venus

Penny and I took off our wet panties and put them in the sink as I went back in the shower and turned it on.

I then reached for the soap, but Penny stopped me as she got in with me she began to make love to me,

It had been awhile since I had sex; what with the whole trying to get to the rank of commander thing, my love life had been on the back burner for a long time now.

Since I was a little rusty, I just let Penny do all the work like a twit.

I think Penny sensed this, but apparently she didn't mind. She began to take the lead, being the more lustful and aggressive one as she kissed me all over the place, and then licked my vagina eagerly, rapidly bringing me to orgasm.

I felt a sense of great fulfillment and satisfaction as Penny smiled and whispered in my ear.

"You enjoyed that, didn’t you, my love?"

I just nodded my head, looking into her very green eyes as they were now turning red.That's what happens to Bladdoars when they climax, although it only lasts for a minute.

She was so beautiful as the water drops hit her already very wet purple hair. I put my hand softly on her face and kissed her lips.

She grabbed the soap and began to wash me like I was a baby or something… she then handed me the soap and said it was her turn, so I began to wash her all over as she spoke.

"Why did we ever end this love, Aurora?" she asked, looking into my eyes with great sadness.

"Oh, I have my reasons," I answered, not really wanting to tell her the truth.

It’s really because I want to find my sister on my own, without risking the lives of the other people I care about, I thought.

But of course that didn’t work… anyone close to me can see right through me.

"Aurora, babe, you need to let her go.... this is going to kill you." Penny cried with her hands covering her face.

I hadn't meant to hurt her feelings.

"I'm sorry Penny, I didn't mean to.... I just need to know if she is alive or not." I said, opening her hands so I could look her in the face.

"And I need to know if you’re an emotionless jerk that only cares about yourself!" she joked as she pushed me in the chest and started laughing. At first I thought she was crying, but she wasn't.

"That's an easy one, Penny. I AM an emotionless jerk that only cares about myself." I said, rolling my eyes as she reached over and turned off the water. We stepped out of the shower cubicle and wrapped warm fluffy towels around our bodies.

"Well, at least MY mission is complete!" she giggled as I laughed along too now.

We started to get dressed in our clean clothes, fixed up our hair and put on some make up. We started to walk out the door but beforehand I threw our urine soaked panties in the laundry basket.

"Aurora?" asked Penny softly as she took hold of my hand.

"Yes, Penny, what is it?" I answered as I looked into her beautiful green eyes.

"Does this mean we're back together again?" she queried with her head down, not daring to look at me .I think she was worried by the thought that I might say no.

"Penny, there's always room in my heart for you." I smiled. She then jumped into my arms, giving me a big hug. "And on the plus side, I do miss the sex!" I joked. She punched me in the arm pretty hard then.

“Oww! Hey, that really hurt!”

"What is wrong with you Humans? Is that all your species ever think about?!" she laughed as we walked back toward the elevator.

"Um.... let me think for a minute... um.... yes!" I laughed out loud as it echoed though the elevator.

"Instead of calling yourselves homo-sapiens, maybe you should call yourselves horny-sapiens!" she laughed.

"I’ll keep that in mind, Penny, I’ll keep that in mind." I joked as I held her tightly in my arms and gave her a little kiss on the forehead.

Meanwhile, I was already thinking about what to say to the Captain when he asked why we’d been gone so long.

That's going to be awkward, I thought to myself as the elevator was going up, back towards the bridge.

Story written by SciFiGirl 

