Tsukasa's Accident

Author: Depression

*000*2010-09-02 12:10

"Phew" Kagami sighed as she hid her Manga into her drawer and closed it.

Then she grabbed her schoolbag and walked out from her room.

Tsukasa was just walking out of the door then realised Kagami was late "Good morning, sis" she said.

Too bad before she left she had drank two teas. Two hours ago before the night she finished the third episode of Jigoku Shoujo she had drank three lemonades.

On the way to school Tsukasa felt an Urge to pee, and it was getting stronger, but she couldn't find a toilet, she was already late to school so there was no way she could use a toilet.

She started to get worried that she wouldn't make it.

Nearby school she just entered the building. She didn't think to use the bathroom really quick anyway, the only thing that was getting her worried that was her urge was growing to a need fast.

"Well, Bye sis, I'm going to class" she said to Kagami.

"You always say that anyway...so I know" Replied Kagami heading towards her class.

With a sigh, Tsukasa leaded herself towards class wich she hoped it wouldn't be long.

Finally when she reached class she turned the Doorknob and dragged the door open.

Everybody in class was staring at her, even Konata was there, She didn't realise she was that late! "Uhh, Uhh, Hi" she said dragging herself towards her seat.

'I hope I make it' she thought.

Now that Konata had moved to another seat she saw a piece of paper fly onto her desk.

She sighed and turned it around to read it :

Hi Tsukasa

With a sigh of relief, she picked her pen and guided the pen on the paper to write a reply :

Hey Kona-chan...why are you writing?

Tsukasa handed the paper towards another student Without notice of her Urge growing Powerfull.

'Good thing the teacher is busy with well...Whatever'

Then she noticed her Powerfull need 'I hope I make it' she thought with a cross of her legs.

Another note passed onto her way saying :

Yah, the teacher sent me...if you see what I mean

Tsukasa didn't reply, she just tried to concentrate on the students not-notice of her Knee-Bumping and squirming.

Fidgeting on her seat, Her leg began to bounce wich she couldn't stop.

'Ooh'

Her leg bounced as her Need grew stronger, She then started to show clear desperation signs by swinging her legs back and forward.

She also turned her head at the class incase anybody was watching her. Not even Konata was waiting for a reply. 'Ooh I really need to go! ooh please!'

She was too shy to ask the teacher for the bathroom, She wouldn't let her go anyway, since she was so late. Five more minuites later she started hopping up and down on her seat wich only made a spurt explode.

'Noo'

She looked at the teacher...Too bad she was explaining how much we need water and had stuck on a picture of running water.

Tsukasa looked back quickly 'Uhh maybe I'll just look out of the window...that'll take my mind off it' She thought to herself...She turned her head to the window to gaze at the clouds.

She smiled 'This actually works' she thought, She imagined herself...lying on a cloud... in a free way in the sky. . .

Rain poured down the sky hitting everything in its way "Oh No!" she mumbled to herself looking back...A pain attacked her bladder.

She looked at the teacher...And she was pouring water into a glass!

A spurt escaped and wet the middle of her dypers.

"Oo" she Moaned.

Ten more minuites later Tsukasa had stopped her eyes at the clock and Konata was busy writing on papers.

Tsukasa could hear the noise she made as she continued to squirm on her huge white dypers.

Tsukasa had drank too much lemonade the night when Konata had finished the latest episode of 'Bleach' and at the store Tsukasa had Bought the cheapest dypers...So she didn't know if it had a hole, or if it would leak so easily.

Tears of Desperation Builded up in her eyes as she realised she wasn't going to make it.

As another peace of paper saying 'Why wont you reply' Flew onto her desk.

Her Bladder Broke into the Erupting expression and Many spurts of Hot Liquid Flooded her pants.

'Nooooooooooooo' she thought.

Tsukasa felt everybody's eyes on her, and she knew people were looking at her, a long stream exploded through her and passed her underwear splattering onto the floor wich joined with the hissing noise "Oo" She moaned.

The warmth spreaded on her clothes, Hot Golden Yellow liquid Poured down the back of her legs forming a puddle on her seat and tickling the inbetween and back of her legs, Pitter pattering onto the floor like rain forming another puddle on the floor, also flooding her shoes.

Tears Streamed down her face when she realised everybody was listening to the hissing noise, There was no reason for her to be in class now, so she ran from the room.

"Poor Tsukasa" Mumbled Konata to herself with a smile.

