Daniel and Amy - Page 38

Author: Barry

*925*2017-09-23 03:11

Chapter 44:

"Lets have a smoke," Matt suggested, and his friends agreed.

"But I gotta have my drink first," Ali reminded them. "You're all one in front of me now!"

Scott chuckled as he poured it. "You wanna be careful Ali. You're not used to drinking. Shit! We're not used to it either, but we've had it before, you haven't. You don't wanna go too hard at it."

"Last one. For a while," Ali promised, "then we'll be even. I'm not even feeling it. Much."

He took the offered lid, and downed it like a veteran, issuing a contented sigh afterwards.

"Ahhhhh! That's good. We gonna have a smoke then?"

The boys stood up, and Ali staggered to the side a bit, grabbing the bunk just in time to stop himself from stumbling. The other three boys erupted with laughter, then all stifled it at the same time, shushing one another with their hands over their mouths. This of course struck them all as hilarious, and the four of them were almost choking as they tried to remain silent while they suffered a fit of uncontrollable laughter.

"Danny, window! Matt, hide the bottle," Scott barked between giggles, and they stumbled across to their lookout posts to make sure they hadn't disturbed the grownups

Being excruciatingly aware of how important the need for silence was, a sense of urgency washed over them, and they were at last able to get themselves under control as they kept watch.

"We oughta drink a lot of water guys, my mum always says it stops you from getting a hangover the next day," Dan informed them wisely, from his position at the window.

Scott grunted from the other window. "Hmph. You really think that you and me drinking a lot of water before going to bed is a good idea Dan?"

Danny blanched. He hadn't really thought too much about it when he'd said it. As a matter of fact, rational thoughts weren't coming to him with their regular ease.

"Do ya think it's gonna matter Scotty? I mean, what with us being tipsy and all?"

Matt interjected from across the room. "You guys worry about it too much I think."

"Whaddya mean?" Scott said, sounding a touch defensive.

"Well, just that we all know what you guys do, and it happens a lot anyway and ya can't help it, so what're you stressing about? Drink the freaking water like Dan said, and don't get a hangover. If you wet, you wet. It's not like it never happens or nothing anyway."

Dan and Scott exchanged a glance. Matt was right. As usual, when he did decide to speak up, he was worth listening too. Dan shrugged, and Scott nodded.

They waited for another minute, then walked in single file into the brightly lit bathroom, where they went in pairs into adjacent stalls, but they could see over the top of the partitions.

"Oh man,"

"Ah fuck,"

Dan and Scott had walked into the shower which had been used earlier, and suddenly felt cold water soaking into their socks, but their barefoot buddies weren't so inconvenienced, and they giggled mischievously at their friend's misfortune.

Matt passed the smokes out, and turned the ceiling fan on while Scott opened up the high windows above their stalls. They smoked quickly, and almost silently, knowing how their voices could be easily overheard through the open windows. They smoked their respective cigarettes in near record time, and waited until the windows were closed, butts flushed, and water bottles filled before they started talking easily again in the bedroom.

Matt retrieved the bottle, and held it up to the light to check its contents. After twelve shots, there was a bit under half the bottle left. Resuming their original positions, all four boys drank deeply from their water bottles. They were all feeling badly parched after drinking the straight liquor and then smoking, and the cold water against their raw throats was almost as intoxicating as the alcohol.

"How're you guys feeling?" Dan asked. "I think I'm feeling it a bit. That smokes made me a bit lightheaded."

The others agreed, and decided that slowing down a bit and drinking lots of water was probably a smart idea, and, already resigning themselves to wetting the bed later, Dan and Scott drank just as greedily as the dry sleepers did.

"Scotty!" Dan announced, "Truth or Dare?"

"Dare," the boy replied boldly.

Dan grinned wickedly. "I wanna see this floppy dance."

"Nup," Scott said immediately, shaking his head and pouring himself a drink for his punishment.

"Woooo," he exclaimed after downing his fourth shot. "Ali!"

"Aw man, fuck off...."

"Truth or dare?"

He sighed. "Fuck it. Gimme a dare this time."

Scott chuckled, looking almost evil, obvious up to something.

"Ali," he burped, his eyes looking a bit bloodshot. "I dare ya to wear one of my Goodnights......."

Ali's jaw dropped. Matt and Dan shared a shocked look, then gave a soft cheer, and hopped up from their respective bunks to exchange a semi-silent high five with one another, then repeating the gesture with Scott.

"You ripper Scotty. That's a good one," Matt reassured him.

Dan only grinned, unable to find anything to say. His heart had started beating a bit quicker, and he realised that he wanted to see what Ali would look like in the kiddies camouflage pull up, and he was waiting expectantly to hear if the boy would agree to it or not.

Ali was looking dumbstruck. He would never in a million years have thought that his friend would dare him to do that. Scott was usually so shy and reticent about his sleep pants, and he'd never mention them unless it was absolutely necessary, and to hear him just start talking about them, voluntarily, in a light hearted mood, was simply unheard of. Like Danny talking about Amy earlier, or Matt telling the others that it was okay if they wet their beds, it was just something that didn't usually happen! He guessed, correctly, that the bourbon was playing a big part in lowering their inhibitions.

He also realised that his own inhibitions were apparently lowered as well.

"You're on!" Ali declared boldly, causing the other three to erupt in a louder cheer than they should have, and they immediately started whispering at one another to shut up. "I want a drink first though," he hastily added, and Scott hurried to pour it before Ali could change his mind.

While Ali slugged his fourth bourbon, Scott pulled a nappy from his bag with an unaccustomed boldness, and dropped it on his friends lap just as he bought the lid down.

Ali picked up the Goodnight, and opened it, turning it around a few times to work out front from back, and the other boys just watched on in a rapt, but silent excitement.

Steadying himself with a deep breath, Ali suddenly lurched to his feet, startling Danny enough to make him jump a bit. Instead of heading into the bathroom, Ali took a slightly stumbling step in the other direction, back into the shadows behind the bunks.

While he fumbled with his clothing in the gloom, Scott took the opportunity to pour Matt, then Dan their fourth drinks, squaring the ledger once more. The three boys all took another drink of water as well. They had no real idea if it would prevent a hangover, nor exactly what a hangover would really feel like, but they knew enough to know that they really didn't want to suffer from one in the morning in front of their other friends and the grownups.

Scott and Matt were facing Danny, and saw a glimpse of movement behind him. Ali was sneaking clumsily towards Dan from behind, pushing his index finger against his lips, telling them to stay quiet. At first, they didn't understand what Ali was doing, but as he crept closer, their jaws dropped open in shock, not believing what they were seeing, but fortunately, Dan was looking blearily at nothing in particular, and didn't notice their reaction.

"Dan?" Ali said softly from directly behind the seated boys shoulder.

"Yeah?" Dan replied, not looking around.

"Dan?" Ali repeated softly, "Check this out..."

Dan turned his head, and was greeted by the sight of Ali, naked from the waist down, standing directly behind him, and thrusting his hips awkwardly, making his penis flop wildly around only inches from Dans startled face.

"THIS, is the floppy dance!" Ali cried out, and Dan actually uttered a small scream, lurching forward so quickly that he fell off the bed, and banged his head noisily on the floor, while Matt and Scott shrieked with unbridled laughter at the stunned look on his face. Ali stood over Dans prone body, his feet on either side of Dans ribs, as he gyrated his hips wildly, flopping his penis around, about three feet above Danny's terrified face.

"Argh! Get off me ya big fag!" Dan begged, trying to scoot backwards, while Matty and Scott were leaning against each other, tears streaming down their smooth faces as they continued to laugh without control.

Dan faked a grab at Ali's boyhood, pretending to lunge at it, and making his tormentor jump away in horror, finally putting a protective hand over his genitals.

A door suddenly banged from outside, and immediately, the four boys fell silent.

"Beds! Go!" Scott hissed, grabbing the nearly empty bourbon bottle from the floor.

Suddenly feeling a lot more sober, the children scurried for their beds. Ali actually slipped climbing up, and Dan caught him, before cupping his hands so Ali could put his bare foot into it, and allowed himself to be hoisted up safely. Dan tried to ignore his friends naked backside as it launched past his face, only inches away. He picked up Ali's pants and the dropped nappy, and hastily stuffed them inside his own sleeping bag. Within thirty seconds of hearing the door banging, the kids were curled up in their sleeping bags. Admittedly, they were drunk, and even half naked in one case, but unless anyone actually came in and spoke to them, they should be alright.

Not a word was spoken, and four young heads were spinning slightly as they listened for any sign of grownups. It was nearly five minutes later, when Dan was just about to get up and look out the window, when the door suddenly swung quickly open, and the young priest almost jumped into the room. He had managed to climb the steps without making them squeak this time, and had been standing silently outside the door for a few minutes, listening carefully for any sound of misbehaviour. The priest could've sworn that he'd heard laughter a few minutes ago, and that would only mean trouble, so he had hurried outside immediately, and thought that there may have been movement in the special needs cabin, which surprised him. The four boys in their were trusted enough to be housed without a resident grownup, but of course that could also be the cause of any problems developing.

This time, he shone his torch around the cabin, making sure that each bed still contained a child. There certainly didn't appear to be anything out of order.

Laying still, eyes squeezed tightly shut, and heart racing, Dan jumped a bit when he heard Scotts bed suddenly creaking, then his friend started mumbling.

"Huh! Wha? 'Sup?" Dan heard his friend mutter, sounding exactly as if he'd been awoken from a deep slumber.

"Sorry Scott," go back to sleep, a grownups voice intoned kindly, and he heard Scott grunt, then turn over noisily, causing the priest to hastily switch his torch off, and back quickly from the room.

None of the kids dared to speak or move for nearly ten minutes, and Danny was almost about to fall asleep, when Scott spoke up softly.

"You guys still awake?"

Matty answered first, still sounding wide awake and very excited. "Oh man! That was close! Good job dude! You pretendin' to wake up like that convinced him, I think."

Dan voiced his agreement, then kicked violently at the mattress above him.

"Hey! Brown Love Machine! Ya still awake?"

A very groggy "'course I am,"could be heard, but Danny grinned, knowing his friend had nearly fallen asleep.

"Get up Ali! And put your fuckin' pull up on! You haven't done ya dare yet!" Scott was quick to inform him, and Ali groaned softly.

"I reckon we've got maybe two small shots, or one big one left each," Matthew informed them softly, holding the bottle up to the light. "Prolly not enough for two regular ones."

Dan hopped up, and threw Ali's pants and pull up onto his bunk. Ali groaned, but dutifully slipped the Goodnight into his sleeping bag, and eventually wrestled his feet into it, then wriggled it up over his scrawny waist.

Ali then sat up and yawned, swinging his feet over the edge, and wobbling precariously for a moment, causing Dan to put a steadying hand on the boys leg.

"Matty, come give me a hand, big guy. The Brown Love Machine is prolly gonna fall on his face."

Matty grinned at Dan, coming over to help him get Ali off the top bunk, and he looked closely at Dans face.

"You gotta bruise coming up on your forehead Danny. You musta really whacked ya head on the floor."

Dan gingerly raised his hand, probing gently at a spot over his left eye, feeling a slight swelling and pulling his fingers away with a small hiss when he touched where the bruise was forming. He grinned at Matthew, as they each took an arm and leg of Ali's, and started helping him get down from his bunk.

"Yeah! That's tender. Good thing I've got a real hard head I guess. One, two, THREE..."

Ali allowed himself to slide off, and his friends managed to stop him from ending up on the floor himself. Matt passed him his water bottle, and told him to drink as much as he could.

Ali certainly looked a rare sight, wearing a dirty white hoodie and a camouflage pull up as his only clothing, leaning slightly against the bunks for support, as he tilted his water bottle back, and dribbled water over his chin and top, even spilling a bit on the floor, which he groggily dragged his foot through, before slumping his now padded backside back down onto Dans bunk again. "Ahhhhh," he sighed gratefully.

"You alright mate? Not gonna be sick or nothin'?" Scott enquired with a raised eyebrow.

"Nah man, all good," the freshly diapered young teen told him. "Just startin' to feel a bit tired, is all. Gimme 'nother drink. That'll wake me up again."

Scott looked at Matt, who shrugged.

"All right Ali. But just a small one though. Make sure ya drink some water. You're startin' to look a bit pissed."

The other three exchanged a look that was part amusement and part worry while their newly padded buddy drank the shot that was passed to him, then absently pulled at the front of his pants, issuing a surprised "Huh," before looking down at his lap. "Oh yeah, I gotta p'lup on now, don' I?"

"You do mate, and you look very cute," Scott informed him gravely, as he took the empty lid back, making Dan and Matt chuckle, and Ali raise his middle finger and mutter "Ge' fucked," under his breath. It looked like the small, brown skinned boy was nearly asleep.

"That's enough grog for you mate," Scott told him with a worried look. "You stick to water for a bit now." He was relieved when Ali didn't argue, just nodded blearily.

Scott poured a drink for Matthew, who downed it easily. The biggest boy was very red in the face, and his eyes were bloodshot, but he was still moving and talking as easily as ever.

Dan accepted his fifth shot without complaint. He still felt alright, and although he couldn't be bothered trying to think about anything that required in-depth concentration, and his coordination seemed a bit awry, he didn't feel at all sick, and was once again wide awake. Man, he was thirsty though, and he drank deeply from his water bottle after passing the lid back to Scott.

Scott poured his own drink with a shaking hand, drank it, then burped, reaching for his own water bottle. "I'm feelin' it now, boys," he admitted.

Matt and Dan agreed, while Ali merely grunted, but it sounded like an agreeable grunt.

Matt picked up the bottle, examining the remaining contents as he gently shook it.

"Not much left, boys. We're not like gonna get 'nother full one each. We gotta work out what we're gonna do with the bottle, too. Can't just leave it here."

Ali spoke up suddenly, surprising them a bit, as he sounded more sober for a moment.

"I don't wan' anymore, you guys can have it. But I gotta idea 'bout the bottle."

He looked around at them through bleary, bloodshot eyes.

"Is my turn to ask. Danny! Truth'rdare?"

Danny hesitated. He didn't want to have to answer anymore personal questions about Amy, but he certainly didn't want to do a floppy dance either! Especially after seeing Ali's dick. Apparently, Ali was quite well endowed, especially for a young boy, and Dan felt rather insignificant after seeing it.

"I'll go a dare, I guess. But I'm not gonna like take my pants off, so if that's your dare, just give me the freakin' shot already..."

"Nah," Ali said with a drunken leer. "Don't wanna even think 'bout your little white dick! But," he burped, and took a big sip of water, "your dare, is when we finish the bottle, ya gotta sneak it out, and put it in the recycling bin behind the mess hall!"

Dan went pale. This was taking dares to a whole new level. It was bad enough that they were staying up after curfew and drinking. Getting caught outside was raising the stakes considerably. Before he could formulate a response, Scott spoke up, slurring a bit.

"Thas prolly notta good idea Ali. If Danny-boy gets sprung, we'll all go down....."

Matt however, was grinning. "Nah! I like it! It's like the ultimate dare! You gotta sneak the connaband outta here, by yourself, in the dark, in the middle of the fuckin' night! That rocks! If ya got the balls to do it, Danny. Or, are ya gonna wimp out? Fuck it! I'll do it if you won't."

Danny was half full of an alcohol induced bravado. He had been about to refuse the dare point blank. But, not only had Matt questioned his courage, he'd openly volunteered to do it himself! Dan knew that if Matt said it, he meant it, and if he managed it, he would look like a real brave hero, while Danny himself would end up looking like a gutless wimp, a real chicken. He simply couldn't do that! Besides, deep in his heart, he knew that he was a brave little soldier, and brave little soldiers simply weren't afraid of the dark, or of snooping grownups!

"Nah, I'll do it," he declared solemnly. "Let's hurry up and finish it then!"

The last three shots were smaller, and downed easily enough. Dan washed it down with another big drink of water, head spinning a bit now, and he was kinda glad that the bottle was finally empty now, even though it now meant that he now had a scary mission to accomplish.

Dan could only find one shoe, and couldn't be bothered searching for the other one, so he decided to just go in his socks, which were wet and dirty by then anyway. Ali remained seated on the bed, but gave him a lop sided smile and a thumbs up, while Scott and Matt looked out the windows, checking for movement. A real sense of excitement and danger had settled over the kids, and they were drunkenly enjoying it to the max, especially Daniel, who was secretly loving being the centre of attention for his bravery for a change, instead of his diapers.

"Be careful mate, and hurry up. We'll have the last smoke when ya get back," Matt assured him.

Dan drank deeply from his water bottle for the last time, draining it. He received an encouraging fist bump from the standing boys, then took a deep breath as Matt switched the bathroom light off, plunging the cabin into darkness.

He opened the door a bit, and stuck his head out, flinching a bit at the cold night air, as he waited for his night vision to kick in. Once he could see clearly, he slipped out the door, and stood motionless on the top step, as he took in his surroundings. He was pleased that he had his black pants and navy blue hoodie on, the weight of the empty bourbon bottle heavy in the front pouch. His white ankle socks seemed to shine in the moonlight a bit, but he wasn't going back in again to look for his shoes, because his mates would think that he was only stalling.

Satisfied he wasn't being observed, Danny leaped from the top step, avoiding the squeaky stair, and his sock covered feet landed heavily on the dewy grass, instantly saturating his dirty socks, and making him shiver.

The feeling of wet feet, cool night air, highly strung nerves, alcohol, and copious amounts of water suddenly hit him all at once, and he paused long enough to squeeze his dick through his nappy, before hurrying around the side of the cabin into the darkness. Matt and Scott were only vaguely identifiable shapes behind the glass, but he could see their upraised thumbs in the gloom.

Pausing at the rear corner, Dan hunched over, crossing his legs and bending his knees a bit, suddenly extremely desperate to pee. He only had to sneak back behind the next few cabins to find the spot he was looking for, where he could safely dispose of the bottle, which he planned to wipe clean of any fingerprints first.

The spot he was heading for, was where he'd already wet himself twice since he'd been at camp. Once accidentally, the other a pre-emptive strike, but he didn't plan on doing either of those things again.

As soon as he was rid of the damning evidence of the bottle, he would go and pee in the bushes, before anything bad could happen.

*929*2017-09-28 14:00

Chapter 45:

Danny's heart was thumping away quicker than a heavy metal drummer on meth, as he skirted across the open ground separating the cabins. It seemed like every darkened window potentially had a face behind it, and he knew that if by some chance anyone was looking, he'd be seen immediately, and at that hour, it would probably be a grownup who was watching. The cabins didn't have outside lights attached to them, but there were various light posts illuminating the front of them, while the rear was mostly bathed in shadows, and the surrounding bushland helped cloak that area in a shadowy darkness.

Daniel had never been a child who was scared of the dark, but the ever changing shapes caused by the gently swaying trees and shrubs had him glancing around nervously as he paused to get his bearings. It was his ever increasing urgency to urinate that was his prime motivator to keep moving, causing him even more concern than the empty liquor bottle in his hoodie.

Scurrying quickly, but unsteadily, his cold wet feet feeling a bit numb, he stumbled drunkenly a couple of times, somehow maintaining his balance, although he almost tripped over something as he slid to a halt, and was lucky not to slam noisily against the neighbouring cabin. His adrenaline was coursing through his body, and he found himself quickly sobering up with every nerve wracking second he was outside.

Sneaking as stealthily as his drunken young body would allow, he again paused at the next corner, sucking in an audible hiss of air, as his knees jammed themselves together, and his hand squeezed his shrunken boyhood tightly through his padded sleep pants.

Somewhere, an owl hooted, and he felt a shiver of fear as the bushes near him rustled, and he silently prayed that it was only a possum, wombat, or rabbit causing it. A cloud passed in front of the moon, instantly casting his immediate area into even darker shadow, and he had to remind himself that he was a brave little soldier who wasn't at all scared, although he didn't quite believe it. As he passed the next open space, he almost froze with fear when he saw a shadow walking across the far side of the quadrangle, illuminated by the distant lighting, and he was glad he was hidden well behind the light on his side. Peeking out from behind the corner of the cabin, he held his breath as he watched an unidentifiable grownup climb the steps to the toilet block, a stark reminder that he really needed to be extremely vigilant.

As he watched from the gloom, he slid a shaking hand inside his pants and boxers, fumbling nervously at the push studs on his onesie, trying to unclip them and save himself a few valuable seconds when the time came. He couldn't seem to manage it though, and knew he'd have to pull his boxers down to gain enough access, so he gritted his teeth, and pressed his hand firmly into his big pull up instead. Once the adult was safely inside and the light came on, Danny again ran blindly in the dark, wincing as his socked foot splashed into a muddy puddle, apparently caused by a leaking tap.

As he crossed the final opening towards the rear of the mess hall, he felt a very small leak escape, and suddenly the tip of his shrivelled penis was encased in a soft warmth, but his gripping hand managed to stem the flow before it could increase in volume. He knew then, that if he didn't find a spot to pee within the next two minutes, he was going to wet his diaper, and it would be a big wetting.

The coast was clear, and he gave a silent prayer of thanks as he made his way to the partitioned area behind the kitchen, where the recycling bins were, beside the storeroom one where he'd already wet himself twice before. He lifted the lid gently, peering inside, trying to gauge how full it was, so he wouldn't make any unnecessary noise dropping the bottle in. It appeared to be almost full, and there was some soft paper inside to muffle any banging noise, and he could also use that to cover the bottle with after.

He gently removed the bottle from his pouch, and held it up, finding there was still perhaps a shot left in it! Grinning to himself, he unscrewed the lid, and swallowed quickly, feeling the warmth spreading through his body like warm pee in a nappy.

He felt that as well, when suddenly, the outside light came on, almost blinding him as he tilted the bottle up, his face looking directly at the light. He was only vaguely aware that he'd leaked a bit though, and was more panicked about his potential discovery, standing in the moonlight and drinking bourbon from the bottle. Almost freaked out, he quickly dropped the bottle into the bin, squinting his eyes and groaning at the sudden clinking noise it produced, but still like a deer trapped in the hypnotic glare of an oncoming truck.

Dan turned and ran, bumping into the partition, then stumbling to his knees on the wet grass, knowing that in any second he would be discovered. Scrambling to his feet once more, he took a few staggering, lurching steps towards the bushes, squeezing himself behind a large gum tree that grew in front of some thick bushes, and was surprised when the light suddenly went out.

Gripping the tree trunk firmly, heart hammering, Daniel poked his head around the tree, seeing nothing. He was still pretty drunk, and not thinking properly, and it took him a moment to realise that it was a motion sensor light that he'd activated, and he hadn't actually been discovered. As his heart rate slowed, he rested his forehead against the bark of the tree, pulling it back quickly as he discovered the swelling bump above his eye was extremely tender, but he didn't give a crap about that at all.

Aware that his pull up had a small warm spot in it now, his next thought was one of relief, knowing that he could now safely pee where he was, and nobody was around. He shivered a bit when it felt like something crawled along his face, and he uttered an almost silent cry of disgust, as he brushed at his smooth and slightly chubby cheek, brushing away a small insect that had apparently decided to investigate him. Feeling nervous and a bit disgusted, he backed gently away from the bushes, then was able to pull his trackies and boxers down enough to give him access to his onesie.

Then the sensor light came on again....

Back in the cabin, Scott and Matt watched Danny's departure with the true excitement that only childhood can produce. This was, simply put, one of the most exciting, fun things that the kids had ever done, and as dangerous as it was, it was freaking awesome! Even Ali, who somehow remained upright on Dans bed, seemingly more asleep than awake, kept mumbling for updates. Still clad in only his filthy white hoodie and camouflage pull up, he occasionally plucked at it a bit, apparently forgetting that he had it on, and from time to time he would open his legs to stare at confusion at what he was wearing, before smiling drunkenly to himself and then staring at nothing in particular.

The two boys keeping watch were bubbling with excitement. It was now after midnight, but the adrenaline ensured that they stayed awake, and they kept drunkenly whispering to each other about what an awesome time that they were having, and how this was just the best camp ever! A sudden vague light appeared behind one of the cabins, and Matt went pale, immediately suspecting that their friend had been busted, but Scott quickly reassured him that it was only the sensor light, and it meant that Dan had safely arrived at his destination.

"Does Dan know about the sense-light thingy?" Matt asked.

Scott shrugged. "He does now," and both boys entered a fit of almost silent giggles as they realised how scary it might be for him if he didn't already know.

Their laughter was short lived however, as a door opened on the cabin next door, and the tall, shadowy figure of a grownup emerged, making the boys fall silent, stepping quickly back from their window as the man disappeared behind the cabin from which he'd emerged.

"That's Mr Clarkson," Scott hissed. "You know, Jacks dad? He's one of the parent helpers!"

"Aw man," Matt replied, sounding distressed. "What the fucks he doing?"

"Dunno. Maybe he's going for a leak or something?"

The light in the distance suddenly shut itself off, only seconds before Mr. Clarkson disappeared behind the cabins, only to suddenly come on again thirty seconds later, and the boys looked fearfully at each other.

Dan yanked his pants back up again, and quickly stepped back into the shadows behind the tree again, not in the slightest bit concerned about bugs or spiders anymore. He pressed his front tightly against the tree, and peeked around it, hoping he was deep enough in the shadows to be invisible. He saw a grownup standing there, about forty feet away, fumbling with a cigarette lighter, and he recognised the parent helper immediately. The camp was supposed to be completely smoke free, including the adults, so it suddenly made sense as to why he would be sneaking around behind the cabins after midnight. It was the only place the man could go to sneak a furtive cigarette without getting caught.

Dan could hardly breathe. His pulse was racing, and he couldn't ever remember feeling so scared. He crossed his legs, and started bending slightly at the waist, while his right hand found its way into his sweat pants, and he anxiously grabbed and pulled at his nappy, through the intervening layers of his cotton boxers and onesie flap. His dick started to pulse and twitch, getting fuller, and grinding itself into the small warm spot on the front of his diaper. He kept see-sawing his socked feet, swapping his weight from heel to toe on alternating sides as he leaned against the tree.

Daniel really wanted to actually grab his dick. He knew if he could squeeze it properly, he could manage to maintain control, but all he could do for now was grasp it through the padding, and that wouldn't be enough to allow him to retain the control that he so desperately needed.

Suddenly, he felt sick. He was perspiring, in spite of the cold air, and the bourbon was starting to curdle in his guts. His tummy was actually starting to hurt, and his little bladder felt sore and swollen. He was rooted to the spot with fear, and didn't dare move anything except for his constantly moving hand inside his pants, and his filthy socks.

He no longer felt like a brave little soldier, but more like a frightened little boy.

Mr. Clarkson finished his cigarette, butted it out, and threw the butt in the bin, and Dans spirit soared, hoping the adult would simply return from whence he came. But it soon crashed to earth again quickly, and his alcohol-thinned blood turned to ice water in his veins, as the grownup hawked and spat, then started walking directly towards Dans tree, unzipping his jeans as he approached.

Daniel pushed himself even harder against the tree, as if trying to somehow merge into it, and he forced his cold feet to stop moving, even managing to stop his hand from actively massaging his padded crotch, although he left his hand inside his sweats, cupping his shrivelling genitals through the puffy thickness.

Mr. Clarkson coughed and spat again as he approached, and Dan pulled his head swiftly back into the shadows, and thanks to the ambient light coming from the building, he could see the grownups shadow growing larger as he got closer, apparently meaning to pee against the same tree that Dan was hiding behind.

Danny froze, hardly daring to breath, as he could hear the sound of rustling clothing coming from only six feet away, and he winced as he held the front of his cotton boxers firmly in the palm of his right hand.

The next sound Dan heard was a relaxed, contented sigh, followed immediately by the sound of running water, as the adults urine stream started splashing loudly against the other side of the tree.

Dan gritted his teeth, but he couldn't hold on, and he felt his diaper suddenly getting warm from the inside, as his bladder completely let go, coating his pubic area and shrivelled balls with sticky wet heat, then, mere seconds later, he could feel the nappy getting warm and swelling up with his hand.

It was one of those moments of abject helplessness that he hated, like wetting himself at the beach with his old school, or when he played football with his current mates. He couldn't do a damn thing about it, even when his little finger suddenly started getting wet, and a trickle ran down his right leg, getting his sock even dirtier than it already was. His little-kiddie bladder had suffered enough, and the alcohol, water, cold, and fear had made any further attempts at holding on impossible, and he was still wetting himself while Mr. Clarkson suddenly zipped himself up, and started walking away, softly humming a wordless tune to himself as he turned the corner of the cabin, leaving Danny with a wet stripe down his leg, and another on his face, as a tear rolled silently down.

*934*2017-10-08 23:14

Don't stress guys, continuing very shortly.

Got majorly distracted by my new story, "Tyson, 12 years old and back in diapers."

Check it out. If you like this, you should like that as well. Tyson will be finished within 48 hours, then I'm going to finish "Tori's Story," with the last chapter of that already halfway written.

Once they're finished, I can give 100% concentration back to this.

Except for "Gemma" of course. I swear I'm going to finish that soon as well.

*937*2017-10-27 12:00

Sorry guys. Rest assured, all is well. I am currently writing the next chapter, have big plans to continue, and haven’t lost interest.

Just been very busy with personal stuff lately, and writing has taken a back seat temporarily.

Appreciate your concern, and will be making more time for it shortly.

Just going through a bit of a personal upheaval at the moment, but hope to be back on track as soon as everything settles down.

This is why I love this site, people actually care.

*939*2017-10-30 05:03

Don’t stress guys. My world isn’t ending. I actually got a bit done over the weekend. Hope to publish soon.

I get bouts of depression sometimes. Not suicidal stuff, just really down, with anxiety thrown in for good measure.

Usually I respond by dropping into little space a bit, and writing helps, it makes me feel little.

This time, complete opposite. Haven’t felt at all little this time, and I haven’t been able to get into the necessary headspace to write. I like to feel like Danny when I write, but all I’m getting lately is this horrible grownup stuff.

Adulting is hard.

A lot better now, and Danny is calling out to me again!

Stay tuned.

PS, thanks to those who contacted me via pm to make sure I was ok. Appreciate it, guys and girls.

*940*2017-11-02 14:25

Chapter 46:

Danny didn’t dare to move for a couple of minutes. He heard the door of Mr Clarksons cabin closing, and gave the man a bit of time to get back to bed. He could only pray that the grownup wouldn’t still be up, and looking through the window while he was making his way back to his own cabin.

He didn’t really cry as such, although a couple of tears ran down his cheeks. They were born as much from frustration as from anything else. Yet again he’d put himself in a precarious situation peeing wise, and yet again he’d wet himself. He could find a valid excuse for himself nearly every time, but it still happened way too often, incontinence or not, for him to keep believing his own excuses. Even though he’d wet himself again, and was beginning to accept that it might happen sometimes, he was incredibly pissed off at himself for not taking better care. Again.

“It’s not over yet,” he told himself stoically.

He hadn’t leaked a huge amount, just a bit down his right leg. It was dark in the cabin, the toilet light providing the only illumination, and he was wearing his silky black sweat pants. The guys were drunk, and probably wouldn’t even notice. His socks were wet from the ground, so wet footprints would be expected, and he could go straight to the bathroom and take his diaper off. He steeled himself, wiping his cheeks dry with his sleeve, and headed back.

Although his head was spinning a bit, he remained sure footed on the return journey, and felt more sober than when he’d left, the cool air and sudden fright both helping to to clear his mind. He stayed low and silent, sneaking along like a good little soldier, using the shadows to his advantage as he snuck back, grinning as he saw two shapes standing in the window of his cabin, giving him an excited thumbs up. The door opened before he reached the top step, and he almost dived inside, his heart hammering, pulse pounding in his ears.

Scott sounded relieved, “Jesus man! What happened? We thought you was going to get sprung by Mr Clarkson! He walked right around behind you when ya left. Did ya see him?”

Dan slumped against the wall, trying to catch his breath. He would’ve liked to sit on his bed, but he didn’t trust his pull up, which felt extremely heavy, and besides, Ali was slumping over to the side, limiting the available space.

“See him? He almost pissed on me!” Dan declared shakily, then grinned at his friends shocked expression. He hastily explained what had happened, and the three of them started giggling quietly. Ali didn’t join in, as he appeared to be falling asleep.

Danny’s plan on changing immediately was thwarted though. Before he had a chance to think up a plan, Matt checked the time, and yawned.

“Nearly half one boys. Whaddya say we have our last smokes and go to bed?”

Scott was grinning and nodding drunkenly, so Dan absently wiped his hand across his silky sweatpants, and decided that nobody would notice he was a bit wet. If he made a big deal about getting changed first, his friends would no doubt connect the dots and figure out he’d wet himself again. He gritted his teeth, but forced what he hoped was an enthusiastic smile of his own.

Ali was still awake, but appeared to be lost in his own little world. He was staring at nothing in particular, and his eyes kept drooping. Scott nudged the others and pointed at him with a sly grin.

“Hey! Love machine! Wanna smoke?” Matt said with a grin.

“Huh?” Ali replied groggily, coming back to reality again.

Scott repeated his friends question, and the darker boy seemed to understand at last, and sat up a bit straighter, moving into the light a bit more.

Scott giggled at his friends drunken, over exaggerated carefulness as he wobbled his way towards the edge of Dans bed, and he stepped over to help Ali to his feet. But when he got nearer to him, he did a double take, pausing to look at the still seated boy, before sitting down beside him, and speaking gently.

“Ali, buddy, you okay mate?”

Ali looked at his friends with bleary eyes, trying his best to focus.

“Huh? Wassup? Yeah man. Why?”

Scott wasn’t smiling any more, and he exchanged a slightly concerned look with the other boys, who didn’t understand Scott’s sudden change of mood. He put his hand gently on the Indian boys shoulder, and spoke gently but seriously to him.

“Ali, mate, I think you’ve wet yourself a bit.”

“Wha? No way,” he replied, not seeming to understand what his friend had said. But Scott was adamant.

“Yes way buddy. I think you’ve peed yourself mate.”

You could have heard a pin drop in the silence that engulfed the cabin. For Dan and Matt it had the same effect as seeing a train wreck about to occur. They really didn’t want to see, but had to look anyway. Sure enough, the front of Ali’s camouflage pull up was all puffy and swollen, and the camouflage pattern had faded.

Ali grabbed at his crotch, missing with the first attempt, and swinging his hand onto his Goodnight with more force, making a loud squishy sound. He squeezed himself hard, then looked up at his friends with a mixture of guilt and horror, and started mumbling almost incoherently at them.

“No man. Uh-uh. Didn’t. No way,” but he was obviously more awake than he had been only seconds before, and his coordination had almost magically improved. He cupped his diaper again, squeezed it, and again a squelching sound could be clearly heard. Both Dan and Matthew exchanged a worried look, and shuffled their feet uncomfortably, Dans filthy wet socks leaving trails on the wooden floor.

“No dude,” Ali repeated mournfully. “Think I musta like spilled my drink on myself or something maybe?” He kept pulling at his wet diaper in disbelief, hitching back a worried sob in his throat.

Scott sighed. “If you say so mate. That’s prolly ‘zactly what happened eh? Right guys?”

He turned to Danny and Matt, who exchanged another uncomfortable glance, before speaking up with forced enthusiasm.

“Course ya did mate,” Matt said quietly, while Dan mumbled something that sounded positive.

“Danny, give me a hand here,” Scott instructed, automatically taking on the role of group leader once again, assuming the authority with a naturalness that most people will never have, let alone a fourteen year old child. When Scott took charge, the other boys always listened, and Dan immediately stepped forward to grab Ali’s other arm.

“Come on mate, lets get you up,” Scott said with authority. “One, two, three, GO!”

He and Dan pulled, and between them they got Ali to his feet, while Matt stepped forward to assist if the drunk boy should suddenly topple forward, but although he looked a bit unsteady, he remained upright. But now, standing in the light, the state of his pull up was glaringly obvious, as it sagged low on his hips, exposing a small but thick thatch of black pubic hair.

Scott reassured his friend. “Come on mate, lets get you into the toilet, okay?”

Ali didn’t speak, but issued a muffled sob as he nodded his head. He was a bit unsteady on his feet, but once he was up and moving, he became more orientated, especially with Scott and Dan supporting him. Matt followed closely behind, only pausing to grab their remaining cigarettes from his bag.

The four kids entered the brightly lit toilet, squinting their bleary eyes at the harsh light. Ali saw the open toilet cubicle in front of him, and suddenly felt his stomach flip. He shook himself free of his friends steadying grip, and with a dexterity that none of them would’ve believed possible only moments ago, he lunged into the stall, fell to his knees, and stuck his head nearly into the bowl. A loud, liquid retching noise filled the room.

His trio of friends exchanged a worried glance, and Scott eventually broke the silence, after Ali had vomited for the second time.

“You okay mate? Can we, uh, like get you anything?”

Ali sounded more lucid when he replied.

“Jesus. Fuck. Oh God, that’s better,” then he retched again, and groaned.

“Shit. Think I’m finished.”

“Wanna hand up?” Danny asked.

“Uh-uh. Wanna jus’ sit here for awhile. You guys haveya smoke. I’m jus’ gonna stay here,” then he burped deeply, and put his head back over the bowl again.

The other boys looked at each other, and Scott shrugged.

“Okay buddy. We’ll go have a smoke in the shower. Don’t fall in, ‘kay?”

Ali’s mumbled response was unintelligible, but sounded like “‘s okay.”

“What are we going to do with him?” Dan whispered to his friends in a worried voice. “He’s obviously peed himself, and he can’t go to bed like that. ‘Sides, he might do it again.”

Scott shrugged. “We’re gonna have to help him change I guess. If he wets himself again in bed, it’ll go everywhere!”

Matt went pale. “What? You want us to change him? Like a freakin’ baby?”

“Shut up idiot! He’s only over there,” Scott hissed, reprimanding Matt, who lowered his head guiltily. “I don’t mean “change,” change, just help him to put another pull up on, that’s all. We’re not gonna like touch him or nothing!”

Matt spoke again, but kept his voice lowered this time. “Ah fuck dude. I dunno. Seems kinda gay or something....”

“Fuck off Matty. It’s not fucking gay at all. It’s called helping a mate out. Ali would do it for you!”

“He wouldn’t have to mate. I’m not the one passing out and peeing in a diaper, am I ?”

Dan could sense an argument brewing, so he tried to calm things down.

“Don’t argue guys. I’ll help ya Scott. You’re right. He can’t stay like that. We’re gonna have to help him. Have you got any pull ups left, I’ve only got two. One for tonight and one for the ride home tomorrow.”

“Yeah. I got some camos left. What about the one you’re wearing now?”

Dan felt himself blushing. “Uh, it’s wet I guess.....”

Matt surprised him by patting his shoulder. “Don’t look so worked up ‘bout it Danny. We know ya can’t help it. It’s okay.”

Dan felt the tension leaving his body. He hadn’t expected that reaction from the bigger boy.

“Ah, thanks Matty,” he replied bashfully.

They finished their cigarettes, and groaned when Matt pointed out it was now well after two o’clock. Lights would be coming on in a little over four hours, and the boys were now physically exhausted. But they steeled themselves for what had to be done.

Matt volunteered to make everybody’s bed, because he really didn’t want a part of the changing bit. They decided that Dan and Ali would swap bunks, putting Ali on the bottom, as they didn’t think they’d be able to get him into the top one, and if he did, he might fall out during the night. Besides, he was just as likely to wet the bed as what Danny was. While he was doing that, Scott fetched a fresh pull up from his bag.

The two boys stood at the open stall and looked at their friend. Ali had fallen asleep with his head leaning against the wall, while still on his knees. It was a miracle that he hadn’t fallen over. Between his legs was a small puddle of water, and a tell tale wet streak glistened on the dark skin of his leg, dripping from his diaper, which was sagging so low his butt crack was visible. He had obviously wet himself again while he slept.

“Ah fuck, Ali,” Scott mumbled, but they went in and managed to wake him up, then help him to his feet.

Ali was more asleep than awake, and listed heavily against the wall while Dan put a steadying arm around his shoulders for support. Scott took a deep breath, then quickly pulled the heavy Goodnight from Ali’s waist, and it hit the floor with a heavy sounding splat.

“Step up mate. Lift ya feet up,” he instructed, and Ali automatically complied, although he didn’t seem to understand what was going on.

Scott considered wiping the boy with a towel, but couldn’t force himself to do it. That was just pushing their friendship a bit too far. Instead, he opened up the fresh diaper, and gently coaxed Ali’s feet into it, while Danny made sure he didn’t fall over. Both boys tried to ignore Ali’s boyhood which hung limply from his groin, shriveled up and small. They simultaneously released a pent up breath when Scott snugged the nappy up tightly around the boys waist. Then, between them, they led him back into the bedroom, where Matt was putting the finishing touches to Ali’s bed.

They couldn’t possibly get the boy into his sleeping bag, so Matt had fully unzipped it, turning it into a blanket, and had laid a folded towel down across the mattress, just in case. They sat him on the edge of the bed, and Danny made sure that he forced Ali to drink a big drink of water first, hoping it might help to alleviate his impending hangover in a few hours, then they got him tucked into the bunk, where he was snoring before his head hit the pillow.

As exhausted as Dan was, he needed a quick shower. His diaper was starting to make him feel itchy, and his legs were sticky with dried pee. He excused himself, openly carrying his fresh adult pull up into the bathroom without bothering to hide it. After all, his mates knew he was wet anyway, and after helping to change their friends diaper, it just didn’t seem like such a big deal anymore.

Dan undressed while the shower warmed up, grimacing with distaste at the condition of his once white socks. They were basically ruined, and he hoped his mother wouldn’t be too angry with him because of it.

The thought of his mum made him suddenly feel very homesick, and he stepped quickly into the shower just as he felt a tear slip from his eye. He was spent, physically and emotionally, and just wanted to go to bed. He showered quickly, not getting his shaggy hair wet, and felt a lot better when he stepped into the fresh, clean pull up.

After he disposed of his soaked nappy, as well as Ali’s Goodnight, he stepped into his last pair of clean boxers, and his last pair of clean socks, then padded back into the bedroom and climbed into the top bunk, a spot he’d never dreamed of having.

The other three kids were all fast asleep and snoring, and Dan doubted he’d get to sleep at all, but, three minutes later, he was asleep as well, but with his thumb tucked deep inside his mouth.

*945*2017-11-18 21:57

So sorry for the delay guys. Personal life has been hell lately. My wife and I are separating, and my depression/anxiety situation has been flaring up, along with some other personal distractions.

I like to write while I’m in little space. It relaxes me, and the words flow freely. (Like pee in a diaper......)

But I simply haven’t been in that space for a few weeks. I can’t force the story, it has to almost write itself, and I haven’t been feeling it lately.

I’m certainly continuing it though, I just need to get my head straight, and little.

I am writing this in a wet diaper though, so that’s a good sign!

Much more to come, hopefully shortly.

