Daniel and Amy - Page 15

Author: Barry

*353*2016-07-10 02:39

Chapter 11:

"I'd better get downstairs, before our olds start asking questions. See ya down there!" With that, she was up, grabbing her jumper from her bag, and was out the door.

Dan took a moment to just lay there. In reality, he was too shocked to move.

Amy had seen him naked. Amy had seen his dick. Amy had changed his diaper.

None of it made sense. Five minutes ago,, he was by himself, fully clothed, in the privacy of his bedroom. Now this had happened. It wasn't so much that he minded, but just that he had fantasised about this sort of thing happening many times before, but not like this. He'd often thought of being in charge, and asking Amy to do it, while he changed her, but never with her taking the initiative to act first.

Now he had mixed emotions. He was so turned on it wasn't funny. He felt some slight embarrassment, but truthfully not too much, and certainly no humiliation. He was worried about what she might think as well. He had seen lots of other boys private bits before, in the change room before gym class at school, and at the pool for swimming lessons, and from what he could tell, he was certainly of at least average build. But at the same time, he realised that he wasn't as large as a grown up, like somebody Amy might've seen in movies and stuff, and maybe she thought that he had a "baby dick" or something. He had been stiff, as well. He wasn't sure if that made it better or worse, but it was too late to worry about that particular aspect now. At least he hadn't orgasmed. He had thought that was going to be on the cards for awhile, but he had managed to control himself, Thank God.

He took a deep breath. Overall, he supposed that he didn't feel too bad, and in a way, he was kinda glad it had happened. Knowing Amy, he was willing to bet that at some stage, she'd return the favour, and let him change her.

He was really hoping that he was correct in thinking that.

But he was also aware of how vulnerable he had looked. He'd gone from sticking up for her to a bully, trying to defend her against a much bigger and stronger opponent, to letting her change his wet diaper like a baby.

A part of him wondered what she must think, treating her boyfriend as an infant, but at the same time he knew just how much she liked that type of thing herself. Shrugging mentally, knowing that what's done is done, he got up, put his paci away, and dressed himself in sweatpants and a flannel shirt that hung low enough to cover his waistband.

Now he was nervous about wearing in front of his father. Although Sue had told his father about Dans new adult diapers, and even though Dan himself had mentioned it earlier while talking to his dad, this would be the first time wearing a big nappy around him, and he hoped it wouldn't be too noticeable.

Picking up the Goodnight off the floor, he examined it. It really wasn't too bad at all. There was a small wet spot in the front, where he must've shot just a small squirt out when Amy had barged in on him, but it wasn't wet enough to throw it away. He picked up the packet of wipes as well, aware that Amy hadn't used them, and for that, he was glad. If she had of tried to wipe his diaper area, he had no doubt at all that he would of came, probably over her hand. He stashed the wipes and pull up back into his bottom drawer, went to the toilet, then back downstairs again.

Amy stopped in the kitchen, pouring herself a glass of iced tea, then stepped back out onto the patio. Sonia looked at her, a touch suspiciously, Amy thought.

"Where have you been missy?"

Sighing exaggeratedly, Amy replied, "I toldya mum, I went to get my jumper. Dan'll be down in a sec, he's getting changed now I think."

"So long as you guys aren't getting changed together, that's alright," Sue chimed in, and all the adults laughed. Amy forced a laugh as well, but inside her chest, her heart was pounding. Obviously the grown ups had been paying more attention than she thought. Danny had disappeared upstairs to get dressed, and she had given a couple of minutes head start to him, planning on catching him undressed, like she had, but the oldies hadn't looked like they were paying much attention. Apparently they had. She wouldn't need to be a bit more careful in future. All in all, she hadn't been gone for even ten minutes, but her mother had noticed, probably only because they all knew that Danny was getting undressed up there.

Dan himself emerged five minutes later, took a seat next to Amy, who had sat as far away from the grown ups as possible, and they started talking. Nothing at all about what had happened upstairs was even remotely hinted at, instead, they discussed their trip to Adventure World. Pete wanted Dan to spend the day with him on Saturday, so they decided that they would go on Sunday, the final opening day of the year. That was their preference anyway, as rumours abounded about cheap discounted merchandise and even free stuff being given away before the park closed for the colder months.

"I spoke to that Nikki girl again yesterday to. She's very interesting Dan, I've gotta tell you about her later, and I reckon you'll be interested in what I tell ya. She's gonna be there as well, so you can meet her yourself. We could have some fun together I think."

Dans interest was piqued, but it was obvious that Amy either couldn't or wouldn't say anything until they were alone, so he dropped it.

Peter had finished cooking, and was loading the table with steaks, burgers, sausages, kebabs, chops and chicken wings. There were already tubs of salad, buttered rolls, various sauces and condiments, along with plates and glasses set out. They all took their seats, Peter sitting at one end, Dan to his left, with Amy beside him of course, Sonia at the opposite end, and Sue sitting across from the kids.

Peter took a beer from the cooler, and Dan held up his own glass hopefully, although he knew he wouldn't get another one. One small glass was all he was allowed, and he'd had that already. So when his father took the glass and filled it, Dan was pleasantly surprised. Not so his mother though. "Peter! Your sons had a drink! What do you think you're doing?"

"Come on sweetheart. One more won't hurt him. It's only a little glass. I haven't seen my little man for six weeks, let him go."

Sue reluctantly agreed, although her dislike of the concept was obvious. "Alright Pete, if you say so." She turned to Dan, "Last one mate. Just remember, beer will make you go to the toilet, so be careful, okay?"

"Muuummm," he replied, cheeks reddining at his mothers insistence on bringing his bathroom issues up at the table, "chill out, I'll be careful."

Amy saw her own opportunity arise. "Mummy, could I have a little glass of wine as well please?" With the same reluctance that Sue had shown, Sonia relented, and poured her daughter a small glass of white wine.

"Are we being bad mothers here Sue?" The question was asked in a light hearted tone, but still sounded semi serious.

"I don't know Son. Bugger it. Let the kids have a little drink. They've got to start sometime I guess, and I suppose it's better that they do it while we're around, rather than sneaking off somewhere else and experimenting." She fixed the teenagers with a firm glare. "This does not give you guys the right to drink anywhere else! Gottit! One glass at a barbecue doesn't mean you can start drinking with your friends at parties or anything. Do you understand me?"

Sounding suitably abashed, the kids answered in unison, "Yes mum/Sue."

The meal was eaten in good cheer. The kids sipped slowly at their drinks, making them last as long as possible. Dan took a sip of Amys wine, and grimaced at the taste, making everybody laugh at his reaction. Amy tried his beer, with pretty much the same response.

When it was over, the kids helped Sue clear up. When it was only her and Dan home, she generally washed up by hand, but tonight was definitely a night to use the dishwasher instead. As they carried in the mountain of plates, she scraped them clean and loaded it up. Peter meanwhile had opened the scotch, and poured three glasses for the adults. Finally seeing their chance to escape, Amy and Dan retired to the theatre room, which was further away from the back door than the lounge room, and where they should probably hear anyone approaching down the hall.

Without any discussion, Dan sat on the end of the big couch, Amy layed down, and put her stripey socked feet in his lap, which he grabbed straight away and started rubbing, causing her to arch her back with pleasure.

"Mmmmm. That's so good Danny! Wow! I feel a bit giggly now! I'm still not sure that I like that wine stuff, but it does make me light headed though. What exactly was your mum talking about? Did you have a drink earlier or something?"

"Yeah. Dad gave me a glass of beer before you guys got here. This is the first time he's ever let me have two! I feel the same way, a bit light headed, like when we drank the wine at your place. I'll tell you what, I could go a smoke now."

"Tough luck, Catholic boy. I didn't bring them. I don't think we could sneak away long enough anyway. My mum was a bit funny about me being up in your room earlier anyway."

"She's not the only one who was funny! What the hell happened up there Ames?"

Her eyes twinkled as she replied, "Why nothing really. I just saw a cute little boy who needed his nappy changed, that's all!"

Dan felt himself blushing. "And, um, like what, argh, what did you like think of that?"

The cocky smile disappeared from her face as she replied. "What did I think? I thought it was wonderful! I've wanted to do that to you for so long, probably from the first day we met, and I gave you one of my Molicares, remember? I kinda thought even then how nice it would be to like help you with it."

"I've had the same thoughts Ames, but that's not what I meant. I meant, now you've seen me naked, were you, umm, like disappointed or anything?"

That made her laugh, and laugh properly, without pretending to. "Danny. Why the actual fuck would I be disappointed? I just toldya! I wanted to do it! It made me happy!"

"Yeah, but now you've seen, you know, 'it,' you know it's not very big or anything, compared to other ones I mean..."

"Daniel Jacobs! Just how many of them do you think I've seen exactly?"

"Nononono! I didn't mean it like that. It's just, us guys, we're always like sorta aware of it, you know? I know I'm not like very large or anything, and it was kinda embarrassing."

"Jesus Danny! You're fourteen! How big do you expect it to be? Do you think I'd expect you to have like a porn star sized thingie? That was the first one I've ever seen in real life, and trust me, really, trust me when I tell you, there was absolutely nothing wrong with it at all! In fact, it was super fine. I kinda wanted to touch it, ya know?"

Feeling immensely relieved by her answer, which he could tell was genuine and honest, he said "You trust me now, be glad you didn't! I think it would've gotten messy if you had of! I think I may have to touch it later, after you leave..."

They shared a laugh at this, and the nervous tension seemed to leave the conversation, but still, he couldn't seem to drop it. "But seriously though, I'm the same. I've thought a lot about you doing that, and me doing it to you as well, but I've been like so scared about you seeing me down there. I still, well, look so small, to me anyway."

"I don't have a lot to compare you against, Catholic boy, but size wise, you looked perfectly normal, just what I'd expected you to look like, maybe even a bit bigger. If you want any honest negative comments, I was a bit surprised that you weren't a bit hairier. That's all. I mean you've got some hair there of course, but compared to me, not much at all."

"Yeah. The hair bit seems to be taking forever. It sorta went real quick from none at all, to what's there now, then it liked stopping or something. I keep waiting for it to grow more." He winked at her, "Maybe you should show me yours as well, I mean now you've seen mine, it's only fair!"

"Don't you worry about that Dan. I'm sure little Amy is going to need her diaper changed soon, but not tonight. We need a bit more time and privacy I think. I'll even let you use the wet wipes!"

They heard the sound of music being played outside, and realised that the grown ups were now getting into the swing of things. At least that meant they should be left alone for a while. Amy thought that it was as good a time as any to fill Dan in on what she had been learning about Nikki.

"So, you remember me telling you the other night how she wets deliberately?" Dan nodded, so she continued. "Well, apparently it stems from when she was a little kid. She didn't like going to strange toilets, so she'd try to hold on, but would wet herself after awhile instead. But she actually didn't care that much when it happened! So that turned into what she does now. She's just like us Dan! I mean she's not incontinent, but she has a weak bladder, and she likes holding on until she has an accident! And get this! She wets her bed on purpose!"

"You're kidding! She must wear protection to bed then?"

"Nup! Apparently she used to, but when it was stopping, her mum stopped letting her. She kept wetting sometimes hoping her mum would let her wear again, but she never did. Nowadays, she just pisses her bed and pretends it's an accident!"

"Really? I can't imagine doing that!"

"Can't you? I thought that at first, when she first told me, but then I thought about it a bit more, and thought it could be kinda fun," she smiled at him as she spoke, "especially if you were in bed with me, and did it as well...."

Dan felt himself getting instantly hard again, and used his hand to push her foot into his crotch a bit harder, wriggling a bit under the pressure, wondering if she could feel his hardness with her heel. "Well, maybe since you put it like that...."

"I think we'll have to put that on our 'to do' list Danny boy, that's for sure."

The rest of the evening went by nicely. The kids talked a lot, both about mundane things as well as their secret passions. They discussed Nikki, Adventure World, school, diapers, and Amy having her nappy changed by Dan.

At ten o'clock, a slightly tipsy Sonia called a cab, goodbyes were said, and Dan was sent to bed.

Safely inside his room, and no longer feeling the alcohol buzz, he removed his dry pull up, and sat on the toilet, attempting to drain himself as much as possible before going to bed. The beer had certainly gone through him, and he had peed twice already since dinner time, and had nearly had an accident the first time, suddenly feeling the strong urge hit him, causing him to suddenly push Amys feet quickly off his lap, and run to the downstairs toilet, thankfully finding it unoccupied. He knew that if he had to go up the stairs, his nappy would've been very wet by the time he got to the top. As he sat there urinating, he thought grimly to himself that being to drink alcohol when he got older may not be a possible thing, particularly if it was going to make him go as much as this.

He brushed his teeth, and padded into his room, naked from the waist down apart from his socks, pausing to look at himself in the mirror as he did so. He thought that Amy had been honest with him about the size of his boyhood, but looking at it in the mirror, now all soft and flaccid, he couldn't be sure. It looked absolutely tiny, he thought.

As he stared at his reflection, his mind drifted back to earlier events, particularly Amy removing his Goodnight. Without having to touch himself, he saw his penis twitch, and start to elongate. The memory of her sliding it down, and freeing his erect penis to stand tall in front of her made him shudder, and his toes curled a bit at the thought. His member was now half erect, and he slipped his left hand down, (as his right one still held his dry pull up,) and lightly touched himself.

That was all it took. Suddenly, he was standing at full attention, and he turned left and right, closely examining his reflection from every angle. He had measured himself with a ruler a few times, but hadn't done it for a while. When he had kept reading sizes discussed on the Internet, it seemed like 6-8 inches was mentioned a lot. As a child of the metric age, he had needed to find a ruler that had inches on it, and when he had, and had seen his relative shortfall of this magic number, he had felt like crying with disappointment. But deep down, he knew Amy was right, he was still only fourteen, and hopefully he could one day manage to hit six inches or more. But for now, he probably wasn't doing too bad, he thought.

With his erect boyhood still bouncing around in front of him, he took a tape on diaper and his wipes from his bottom drawer. Putting the diaper to one side, he took a handful of wipes, and wrapped them around his hardness, as his thoughts again turned towards his girlfriend changing him.

It didn't take long to finish, and soon afterwards he was comfortably diapered, feeling great relief, and laying in bed.

The beer continued to work through his system, and he wet the bed that night, heavily enough to leak, and get his Spider-Man pyjamas and sheet wet, but he had kind of expected to wake up wet anyway, and it wasn't enough to take the shine off his good mood.

All in all, his friendship with Amy was progressing splendidly, he thought.

*357*2016-07-15 12:08

Thanks everyone for the kind words. Will be posting again shortly.

Kinda had a week of falling off the wagon. Been partying a bit. Time to put my big boy pants back on I reckon.

Having said that, I am currently drunk.

Tomorrow however......

*359*2016-07-18 23:37

Chapter 12:

As soon as Dan woke up laying on his stomach, he knew he was in trouble. Being a lifelong bed wetter, he was virtually trained to sleep on his back, as it was the safest way to prevent leaks, the type of which he could tell already that he had suffered now. He didn't need to put his hands under the sheets to check, his entire midsection felt cold and wet.

Fearing what he was going to find when he eventually looked, he started off by lifting his groin up, then pressing it down again, grinding it into the wet sheet. There appeared to be something amiss with his nappy, and it felt all scrunched up and crooked. He slipped his hand underneath his crotch, and immediately found a large, cold, wet patch.

Rolling onto his back confirmed it, his diaper was hanging off him underneath his Spider-Man pyjamas. Not really wanting to look, but needing to know, he started the inspection in stages. First, the time. It was only just 6:00am, and that was a good thing. He'd have time to strip the bed and have a shower before breakfast. There was no way of hiding his shame, but at least he could deal with it himself, as he hated it when his mother changed his wet sheets. He reached over and switched his bedside light on, and took his paci from the drawer as well, giving him the feelings of control he needed to find out just how wet he actually was.

Next, the doona. Lifting it up gingerly, he was extremely relieved to find it unscathed. Whenever he had gotten it wet in the past, his mother had it dry cleaned, and the dry cleaner just happened to be good friends with his dad, and knowing that there was another grown up who knew about his problem made it worse, especially on the occasions where he'd been with his father and they'd met with his friend. Of course nothing was ever said, but Dan always felt as if his fathers friend looked at him strangely, and he didn't know if his dad had ever mentioned his daytime accidents or diapers to him either.

With the doona now deposited on the floor, it was the sheets. Currently, his sheets were sky blue, and so any wetness would be extremely obvious. He looked at the top sheet that was still covering his body, and the horror beneath it. At first glance it appeared alright, but upon closer inspection he found a wet stripe across his middle. It was nearly dry, but he could still see it though.

Taking a deep breath to calm his nerves, he pulled the sheet back, and propped himself on his elbows to look down. He was drenched. The bottom of his pyjama shirt and the t-shirt he wore underneath it had gotten wet as well, and his red PJ's were soaked from the elastic waistband to his thighs, and the darker blue wet spot spread out from around his butt on both sides. This was undoubtedly the biggest bed wetting that he'd had in years.

"Ah shit," he muttered from around his dummy, as he tried to work out why it had happened. There was definitely something very wrong with the way his nappy was feeling.

Grimacing slightly at the feel of his cold wet pants, he pulled the waistband up and looked, and immediately found the problem. The top tapes were both undone, the diaper itself was all scrunched down, and he could see the tip of his penis poking out over the top of it. He let the elastic go, and it snapped back with a wet plopping sound.

Laying back, he tried to piece together just what exactly had gone wrong. He remembered going to bed, and masturbating first, then putting his diaper and pyjamas on.......

Suddenly, it became clear. He had laid there for a few minutes, but still felt quite aroused as his thoughts centred around Amy changing him. Although he had just reached an orgasm, his boyhood had been stiffening up again already. He had only been successfully gaining pleasure with his hand for the past couple of weeks, and was still learning something new every time he tried it. Up until now, he had never tried to do it a second time so soon after a successful orgasm.

As he lay on his wet sheet, he remembered what he had done. He'd decided to try and do it again, and had slipped his hand inside his diaper, but as he did so, he'd felt the right hand tape pop open. Deciding to fix it later, he had tried to get down to the job "at hand," but he hadn't reached a climax, and must've fallen asleep as he played with himself. His nappy must have twisted around at some stage, resulting in the other tape coming undone. With both top tapes now open, his diaper had apparently fallen down in the front, leaving him virtually unprotected. As he lay there, he was aware of how bunched up it felt between his legs and under his butt, almost feeling like he had a large turd in his pants. That would explain why and how he'd ended up sleeping on his stomach and not his back.

Feeling happier now that he had worked out what exactly had happened at least, he decided that he really should get up and start the cleaning process, not to mention going to the toilet again. His bladder wasn't filled to capacity, but judging by how cold his clothes and sheets were, he deduced that he must've wet himself some time ago, and while he wasn't bursting, he could feel the need to pee again. The cold wetness of his pants was probably assisting his urgency as well.

Then, out of nowhere, his thoughts turned to Nikki, the girl he had never met before who wet her bed on purpose occasionally. When Amy had told him this, he had at first been shocked, but quickly became intrigued by this as well, and had wondered what it must feel like, to just deliberately wet the bed with no night nappy on.

Feeling suddenly wide awake, a devious thought crossed his mind. He could do it himself! His sheets were already wet, and he'd be putting them straight into the wash, so there wouldn't be any added shame to deal with.

Feeling the first stages of arousal overtaking him, he lifted his bum up, and pulled down his pants, giving him access to his bottom leg band tapes, which he quickly ripped open. He pulled the diaper off, and left it on his bed, then pulled his already wet pants back up, shivering a bit as the cold cloth slid up over his now erect boyhood, but the shiver was also partly attributable to his building excitement.

Pulling the top sheet back over himself, he laid back, sucking nervously on his pacifier, as a small tent seemed to sprout from out of his lap. His hands were on top of the sheet, and he grabbed the tent with one of them, and squeezed it firmly, the action leaving wet finger shaped marks across the blue fabric as the moisture transferred from his wet pyjamas. He thought of what this unknown girl must do, then he thought of Amy doing it, and then both him and Amy doing it together, and it made him clench up, and rub his growing hardness through the dampening cotton. It was a fantastic feeling, but eventually he had to let go with his hand, as he had a raging hard on, and as a result, couldn't manage to let go enough to pee.

Breathing quicker now, he dropped his hands to the side, trying to let his body calm down a bit. His left hand fell onto the diaper that was beside him, so in an effort to distract himself a bit, he picked it up and examined it. It was saturated in the front, mostly around the top of it, and while it was a little bit wet in the crotch, the back of it was nearly dry. The outside seemed wetter than the inside. This confirmed his theory on what had happened. He had definitely been only just wearing it, and had peed out over the front of it. He couldn't believe that he hadn't woken up, and wondered if the two glasses of beer had made him sleep deeper than usual, as well as increasing his pee output.

But the distraction of checking his nappy seemed to work. His body had calmed down again, and now he could feel his need to pee had cranked up another notch. While it still wasn't urgent, he was fast approaching the danger zone, and would normally get up and go to the toilet at this point. He relaxed his holding muscles, but still couldn't seem to let go. This was not only strange, but also irritating he thought. He had wet while lying on his back for fourteen years, but now when he actually wanted to, he couldn't let go.

Trying a different tactic, he sat upright, and laid his back against the wall, spreading his legs open in a big V. That worked, and he felt a sudden twitch as he almost sprung a leak. If he hadn't reacted on instinct and clamped his muscles tighter, he would have leaked accidentally.

But now he was sitting upright, the top sheet seemed more of an inconvenience. It kind of bunched in his lap, and was now hiding what he planned on doing. "Fuck me," he muttered, "who would have thought that I'd have so much trouble wetting the fucking bed?"

Another idea struck him. He stood up, and quickly hunched over as a wave of desperation washed over him. He had to grab himself through the cold,wet fabric of his thick, fleecey pants to maintain control. But once he was upright, he quickly pulled the top sheet up tightly, covering the dark wet patch on the bottom sheet. There was a wet spot the size of a tennis ball on it, where he'd been squeezing his pants through it, but that was about all, and he quickly sat back down on that spot, hiding it with his bum.

Dan relaxed against the wall again, spreading his legs apart once more. He was aware that the dry sheet he was sitting on now had a wet bum print on it, but from his seated position, it looked dry. He sucked slowly on his dummy, using it to bring his breathing and heart rate back down a bit. He closed his eyes, and counted slowly to ten, as he let go of his holding muscles.

He got to five, then felt something kind of switch inside him. Suddenly, he could feel the pee start traveling towards his penis.

Six. He opened his eyes. Seven. Here it comes. Eight. Past the point of no return now. Nine.....

As he stared at his lap, the already darker coloured red cloth, with little pictures of Spider-Mans head and bits of web, suddenly grew darker again. His penis was completely unrestrained beneath his baggy pants, and it twitched and moved freely as the hot urine erupted from it. While Dan couldn't see it, he could feel it. It had been sort of laying to the right a bit, and suddenly he had hot pee running over his right hip. His pyjamas had been still dry on the sides, but not anymore. When he had twitched, his boyhood had straightened a bit, and started pointing upwards. He was now peeing a fountain into the front of his pants, and could even see it bubbling up, looking a lot like the water fountains at school, before it cascaded back down onto his pubic mound again, running in rivers off his crotch, and disappearing into his bum crack.

He had lost all control now. Even if his parents were to suddenly walk in, there was no way he could stop, even if he wanted to. He watched in awe as the sheet between his spread legs darkened, and sent out scouts in every direction. Within a few seconds, his top sheet was now even wetter than what his bottom sheet had been. The bottom of his shirt was resting on the crotch of his pants, and he looked on, fascinated, as it started wicking the wetness upwards, almost as if his pee was determined to invade every dry bit of cloth that it could.

Without thinking about what he was doing, he grabbed for the button on his fly, and opened it. Without stopping his flow, he pulled his dick out, and held it away from his stomach, and watched as his pee stream arced upward briefly, before splattering down on top of his thighs, before he eventually ran dry, and it petered out altogether.

He lay there, panting heavily around his pacifier. His pyjamas were wet from the knees to the waist, and even the front of his tummy. The sheet he was sitting on looked like a large lake had formed, and was wet for at least three feet around in every direction.

His dick had gone very hard in his hand as well.

Excited, aroused, breathless and scared, he quickly took his clothes off, and used a dry portion near the bottom of the sheet to wipe all the excess moisture off. Then, leaving his wet clothes on his bed, he padded into the bathroom wearing only his socks.

He showered quickly, but took enough time to wash thoroughly, and bring himself to climax again, which didn't take long at all.

Dressing in fresh boxers and a t-shirt, he donned his dressing gown, stripped his bed completely, and took his soiled things to the laundry. He hoped to get away without seeing his parents, which he did, although it didn't really matter. He'd have to tell his mother at least that he'd had to do a load of washing.

He didn't have to wait too long to do it either. He had started the machine, and was walking out of the laundry as his mother appeared.

"Morning sweetie. I thought I heard footsteps. What're you doing up so early?"

"Hi mum," he replied. "I, uh, had a little leak. I hadta put my stuff in the wash. My, um, bed kinda got a bit wet. Sorry."

"Oh Danny! I've told you before! You don't have to keep saying sorry. I know you can't help it. It's an accident sweetie, nothing more. Now are you okay?"

"Yes mum. Thanks. I'm gonna go and make my bed again before brekky. I've had a shower already. Back soon."

He gave his mother a quick kiss, and hurried up the stairs, feeling a twinge of real guilt now.

Sue watched her son run up the stairs taking them two at a time. She felt a real surge of pride as he stopped at the linen closet to select new sheets and a mattress protector.

"He's finally coming to terms with things," she thought, "it wasn't all that long ago when a wet bed meant morning tears. My little boy is growing up I guess."

*363*2016-07-19 10:38

Thanks guys for your support.

Personally I'm happy enough with male or female wetting scenes, but I'm still kind of wishing that I had made the characters older.

I wanted it to be like a "coming of age / awakening sexuality" type of thing, which wouldn't be possible with older antagonists, but I'm still a bit uncomfortable writing about youngsters in some cases. Fair enough they're not actually having sex or anything, but I don't like going into graphic detail about underage participants so much.

Its a fine line to tread.

Barry.

*366*2016-07-20 23:43

Sorry for the delay. Twice in the last two days I've had three quarters of the next chapter written, and logged out, which usually automatically saves everything, with the intent of finishing it off later.

Both times my nearly completed chapter has vanished upon logging on again.

Ive been in the habit of writing some at night, then finishing it it the morning, or vice versa, but it appears that the only safe way of doing it is to complete the whole chapter and post it in one sitting, which is something I don't always have time for.

Before any computer savvy peeps give me a lecture on saving to a usb or anything, that's not possible, as this is entirely written on my iPhone.

*370*2016-07-21 05:55

Aha! Just worked out what's been happening.

If I clear my browser search history, it deletes any unposted comments!

I can now continue....

*372*2016-07-21 12:00

Chapter 13:

Sonia had an early appointment on Thursday, so, even while suffering a slight hangover, she still had to leave early, meaning her daughter had to catch the bus. Amy didn't really mind this, except for the fact that not as many of her friends caught the morning bus as did the afternoon one. Like herself and Daniel, a lot of kids got dropped off by their parents in the morning, but bussed it home afterwards.

Finding a seat by herself, she put her earbuds in, and started listening to music on her phone. She was about halfway into her journey, when the phone vibrated in her hand, making her jump slightly. Smiling to herself at the sight of a message from Dan, she quickly opened it. The message had an attached picture of his bed, which was stripped back to the bare mattress, with even the protector missing. The message above the picture read;

"Oops! Little Danny was naughty. He did a Nikki trick in his bed.....

Amy felt a slight fluttering sensation in her tummy, and a slight wetness between her legs that she knew wasn't attributable to any leak or accident.

"Bullshit! U didn't did u?"

"I did. Had a nappy malfunction, so tried going in my bed as well. Super fun! Delete these messages!"

"I will. Can't wait to hear about it. Luv u xxx!"

Once at school, Amy followed the same normal routine that Dan always had, she would head straight to the toilet regardless of whether she needed to go or not. This morning however, she actually did need to go a bit. The bus ride took longer than the car ride, and she could feel the first twinges of need building up. Of course this meant that if she could feel it, it wouldn't be long before she got desperate or started leaking, but there was still fifteen minutes before class started, and for the time being at least, she was in control.

She walked along the path, feeling a bit self conscious. With most of the girls knowing about her bladder problems and diapers, Amy always felt like the eyes of the entire school were upon her whenever she went into the toilets.

But before she had even gotten there, she was forced to pause when she heard her name being called out. Turning around, she smiled at the sight of Nikki running towards her, her oversized backpack bouncing around as she ran.

"Amy! AMY! Hang on a minute. Wait for me."

"Hi Nik! How are ya? What can I do for you?"

Panting breathlessly after her run, Nikki paused momentarily to get her breath back.

"Phew! That's better! Yeah, I'm good thanks, but, um, I, ah, kinda wanted to like ask you something? Like a favour, sort of?"

Although Amy could feel her bladder rapidly reaching her limits of self control, she figured that she still had a couple of minutes to spare before things got really desperate, but of course she could never be absolutely one hundred percent sure of that. There was a crowd of girls around the doorway into the girls toilets anyway, and Amy would rather give them a chance to go away first, rather than make herself the centre of attention by walking through the middle of them. Glad of the valid excuse to delay her bathroom visit, she subtly held her knees a bit closer together, and gave the younger girl her full attention.

"Ask away. What can I do for you mate?"

Nikki's eyes dropped to her feet, which started tracing imaginary patterns on the pathway. She suddenly seemed quite shy and unsure of herself, but still determined to push ahead with whatever was on her mind.

"Ah, I was wondering, um, are you still going to Adventure World on the weekend?"

Amy smiled broadly with her reply. "Sure am! Spoke to Danny last night. We're gonna go on Sunday. Why?"

"Well, I kinda hate to ask, but, do you think it would be okay if I went with you?"

Amy suddenly felt a twinge from her pee hole, and winced slightly, suddenly aware of how urgent her need was now becoming. She glanced over her shoulder towards the toilets, but the crowd was still there.

Nikki of course saw the wince, and the head turn, and misinterpreted it as a sign of rejection.

"Oh Amy. I'm sorry. I knew I shouldn't have asked. It's fine, really it is, I shouldn't put you on the spot like that!" With that said, she started to turn away, but Amy was quick enough to read the situation properly, and grabbed her on the arm before she could leave.

"Whoa on a second Nik! I don't mind at all! But why?"

Nikki looked Amy in the eyes, and could tell that the bigger girl was genuine, and not just forcing herself to be nice. She paused on the spot, then decided to continue her conversation.

"Well, like I toldya before, I was going with my cousin Tyler. But Tyler's gone and got herself grounded for the weekend, and she's not allowed to go now. Mum won't let me go by myself though. She's offered to take me, but Christ! I'm thirteen! I don't want my mum taking me, and sitting on a blanket all day watching me go on the rides and stuff! How freaking embarrassing would that be? But I don't wanna tell her that either, cos it'd probably hurt her feelings."

As she spoke, she was vaguely aware that Amy seemed fidgety, and was transferring her weight from one foot to the other, although she hadn't yet made the connection as to why that may be. Thinking that Amy was perhaps just in a hurry to meet up with her friends or something, she plowed on, not wanting to annoy the bigger girl, who, truth be told, she was a bit in awe of.

"Hang on, let me finish. I won't be a burden, and I won't get in your way. In fact, once we get inside, I'll just fuck off and leave you guys alone completely. I know you wanna spend time with your boyfriend, and you don't want a kid like me hanging around, but I just need someone to actually go in with, to get mum off my case. But it's like totally cool if you say no. Just thought I'd ask."

As Nikki was talking, Amy felt her pee hole start to tingle, and the first dribble of pee leaked slowly out, in spite of her efforts to hold on. Realising that it was now virtually too late to save her nappy, and also that Nikki was again about to walk off, Amy made one last attempt at holding on. She crossed her ankles, and bent forward slightly, just as she felt her diaper grow a bit warmer. Glancing once again over her shoulder only confirmed that the other girls were still hanging around the door, and she realised that even if she just ran away and left Nikki standing there, that she would probably wet herself as she ran.

Her only real hope of salvaging her remaining dignity and avoiding perhaps a big leaky incident in front of the other, older kids, was a pre-emptive strike.

But Nikkis eyes had widened. It was like a light bulb had gone on over her head. Instantly she had realised that the reason for Amys apparent distraction was she needed to go to the toilet, and when she had watched on as her friend crossed her ankles and bent forward, she had recognised the signs, as she herself did exactly the same things when she played her holding games herself. The fact that she had stopped Amy on the path leading to the toilet suddenly dawned on her.

"Oh shit! Amy! You need to...I mean you were about to go to..., oh shit! I'm sorry! Quick! You go! I'll wait here!"

But Amy was now feeling the very familiar sensation of an uncontrolled leak. The front of her nappy was suddenly a lot warmer than it had been only a moment ago. Not wanting to lose control and flood herself, she now knew that she had only one option left. Try her hardest to do a controlled pre-emptive pee, and pray she didn't spring a leak.

Amy managed to give the other girl a watery smile. "It's too late for that Nikki. Just hold on a second..."

With that, she relaxed, although not entirely. The steady uncontrollable dripping she had been feeling, became a semi controlled trickle. Semi controlled because she could regulate the flow enough to keep it to a trickle, but not controlled enough to actually stop it altogether. Now her damaged bladder was releasing its contents, it wouldn't stop until the level inside it had gone down enough to allow her full control of her muscles again, but while she couldn't stop it, she was able to successfully slow it down.

Her and Nikki locked eyes for a moment, and Amy felt her diaper both swelling and sagging at the same time, and could only hope that it was still pulled up enough to ensure that the leg guards could do their job adequately. Nikkis eyes dropped lower, and she appeared to be staring at the hem of Amys skirt.

After what felt like an eternity, Amy could feel her pee stream starting to slowly taper off as her bladders level subsided back to a manageable amount once more. She glanced behind her again, relieved to see the large group of girls now dispersing, and heading towards the home class rooms for the bell to sound.

With the flow in her nappy finally stopped, she became aware that she was standing in a slightly unnatural position, with her legs spread wider than normal to accommodate her now swollen diaper. She dragged her feet closer together, causing her to wince a bit as she felt he diaper squish, and a fresh spot of warmth became noticeable on her upper thigh, indicating her nappy had leaked a bit, and her bloomers were now wet as well.

Nikki broke the uncomfortable silence first, speaking in a low voice only just louder th

"Oh God Amy, I'm so sorry. Did you just wet yourself?"

Amy didn't bother replying. Instead, she bobbed her head forward, indicating that Nikki should look down. When she did so, Amy clamped her thighs together tightly, squashing her bloated nappy up between her legs, and squeezing it like a sponge. She could feel the unabsorbed pee being forced out the leg bands, and a tiny trickle ran down her leg, where it fell from her knee, and left a couple of small drops on the ground.

Both girls had watched in wonder as the two small drops hit the concrete, then, as one, they raised their heads and looked at each other, and the younger girl was shocked to see the older one grinning.

"Yep" was the only reply Amy made.

"Oh shit Amy, I am sorry. Can I help you?"

"Yes you can Nik," Amy replied, grabbing the smaller girl by the shoulders and gently shaking her, "You. Can. Stop. Fucking. Apologising!"

At first, Nikki looked shocked, but when she saw that Amy wasn't upset, or even slightly angry, she calmed down.

"Okay, I'm sorry, oh shit, I didn't mean it like that, I meant I'm sorry for apologis...."

The irony of what she was trying so hard to say wasn't lost on either of the girls, and they were soon laughing at the silliness of it.

"Look, I'll leave you alone to do what you have to do. But like I was saying before, maybe if you could think about it letting me come with you on Sunday? I promise I won't hang around and spoil your day, I just want to go without mum taking me like a stupid little kid or something."

"Nikki, listen. I'll have to ask my mum of course, but I don't think it'll be a problem. Mums taking me there, but dropping me off, and I'm gonna meet Danny at the gate. I'm sure she won't mind giving you a lift as well. Can your mum drop you at my place do ya reckon? Maybe early, we could hang around a bit first. And if you do come along, your not going to just disappear once we're inside. We'll hang around together, the three of us. That's what friends do, ya know?"

Nikkis face lit up with one of the biggest, sweetest smiles Amy had ever seen. "Is that what we are Amy? Friends?"

"I think we could be Nikki. We have a lot in common you know." With that, she again used her head to indicate the wet drops on the ground.

Nikki suddenly reached forward and unexpectedly hugged her. "Thanks Amy! I don't have a lot of friends, and I do like you. You're such a nice person, you know, like talking to me and helping me and stuff."

She stepped back, releasing a rather shocked Amy from the sudden embrace, but before she let her go completely, she held onto the bigger girls hand for just a second longer.

"Tell me Amy. What's it like? Really? Wearing a nappy to school and wetting in it? I know your incontin-thingy isn't nice, but what's it like actually wearing a nappy?"

Amy thought about it for a moment before replying.

"Honestly? Not too bad I guess. As I said to you before, I really really wish I didn't need them, and I wish I could control myself better, but, wearing a nappy isn't all that bad I guess. It's better that having wet pants anyway!" She grimaced a bit as she said this, then continued, "Having said that, my bloomers are pretty wet now though, even with my diaper. I'm gonna have to go and get changed before the bell goes. I'll tell ya what I'll do. I'll send my mum a message and make sure it's all right for you to come over on Sunday morning, and let you know, even though I know it'll be alright. Deal?"

"Deal," Nikki replied, and offered her knuckles for a fist bump that Amy happily replied to, then hitching up her large backpack, she turned away to let Amy finally go to the toilet.

But as she started to walk away, it was her turn to pause and look back as her name was called out. Looking back over her shoulder, she saw Amy grinning wickedly at her.

"Hey Nik! When you come over on Sunday, make sure you wear a dress or skirt, okay? I've got something else you might wanna wear....."

