Forced to tell

Author: Monchele

*000*2014-03-27 01:46

Kilyn has been dating James for about a year now, and she still hasn't told them that she wears diaper and likes to wet herself. They live together and while he's at work she does her passion and when he's home she acts as normal as she can. But one day that's all going to change.

"Bye babe, I'll see you at five." James said.

"Okay, I'll miss you." Kilyn said, waiting for her fun to begin.

They kiss and he leaves. Once Kilyn made sure that James was gone (she waited til he backed out of the drive way) she runs to her hidden stash of diapers and let her day begin.

Kilyn has been in love with wetting her diapers since her ex boyfriend did it. Once they broke up she decided to try it and was hooked ever since. Kilyn drinks as much as she can and pees once she can't hold it anymore.

Kilyn puts on her diaper and went to the kitchen and grabbed a big cup and put water in it. Then grabbed a can of Pepsi, then grabbed a pitcher of tea then made a pitcher of coffee and went to the living room set all the drinks on the table waiting to drink them all.

As she drinking the water she's watching TV (Keeping up with the Kardasians) Kilyn has always loved that show, she finds it funny what situation they get into and the arguments/pulling her is hilarious.

She finished the water, and immediately went to the Pepsi. Kilyn would love to tell James about her hidden life while he's at work, but she's afraid that he'll leave her or laugh, and or get embarrassed. She couldn't let that happen, she doesn't want him to thinks that she's weird. So she'll keep it a secret as long as she can. She wished she had the guts to tell him though. Kilyn has been hoping that James would be her daddy and forced her to keep to pee in til he tells her to go and spanks her when she has an accident. And she knows if it never happens if he doesn't tell her, but he could dump her and that's worse.

She finished the Pepsi, and has a little twinge in her bladder, but it's not even bad (not even a little desperate) on a scale from one to ten, it's like a two. She starts at the big pitcher of tea. Tea and coffee always makes her want to pee, so she always save these for last.

Kilyn makes lunch, she's having a grilled cheese, which is her favorite. Kilyn loved Grilled since she was little and stills love them today. Grilled cheese always goes well with Tea.

Kilyn gets a phone call from James.

"Hello." Kilyn said.

"Hey babe, how are you?" James asked.

"Oh I'm good, just watching the Kardashians."

"That's cool."..

How's work going." James works as a lawyer. Yeah Kilyn is dating someone who makes good money.

"It's okay, but stressful. I'm taking a break from my case."

"Oh that's good, do you think your client is going to win?"

"I hope, but you know the other one has a good chance of winning."

"Wait which case are you doing?"

"The one when the one steals money, but my client claims that he didn't."

"Oh that one, you have too many cases. But that's because your a good lawyer."

"Awe thanks babe. Hey the breaks over I'll talk to you when I get home."

"Okay love you bye."

"Love you too." James hung up.

Kilyn loves when James calls her from work, she hates staying from him for too long. He's the love of her life, she can't do anything without him, without her she's not complete. Kilyn hopes that one day they'll get married.

Kilyn finished the tea. She getting a little more desperate now her two went up to a five, But she can still tolerate it. All she has is the coffee left and she'll let it work her magic.

Kilyn also likes wetting her panties but then she has to do laundry and she's not a fan of laundry, but now and then she'll pee her pants because it's more fun and more naughty in her opinion. She also like peeing naked on the floor, it's extremely naughty, but hates to clean it up. But it's worth it in the end.

Kilyn finally finished her coffee,now she's squirmy her five is now a 7.5. She put her hand in between her legs and squirming. She stays like this until she can't hold it and lets go by force, not choice. She would hold it longer if she could. Kilyn gets off the couch and stand and jumps and step in place, hands still in her crotch.

"Man I really got to pee, but I won't give up." Kilyn says to herself.

Kilyn is now really desperate it's an eight now and she can't move her hands, unless she wants to pee right now.

"Oh no." Kilyn says as a little dribble comes up but holds tighter to stop it.

Kilyn sees someone opens the door, but it's too late to do anything.

"Kilyn what are you doing....."

TBC I hoped you liked it. Who do you think showed up (even though it's probably obvious) Sorry if my grammar isn't that good, I'll post more soon. Maybe tomorrow. Trust me it will get better in the next couple of chapter.

*001*2014-03-28 01:35

Chapter 2 Secrets Comes Out

"Kilyn, what are you doing." James said as he entered the door. Kilyn turns around, as a little more pee comes out as she holds on tighter.

"Nothing, just dancing." Kilyn said.

"Ya the potty dance, if you need to pee then why don't you go?" James asked.

"I don't know." Kilyn respond.

"Why did you late til the last minute, your never like this. Is there something that your not telling me."

"No." Kilyn lied.

"I know that you're lying to me, come on tell me."

"Okay, I have a fetish, I like to where diaper and pee in it, sometimes I pee my pants and on rare occasion I pee on the floor."

"Oh wow, is that all."

"Yea." Kilyn is now holding tighter it's now a nine, it's going to come soon.

"I'm not mad, and if this something you like to do then I'll support you."

"You could be my daddy, and put diapers on me and punish me like a little girl." Kilyn said.

"I'd love that, I think this can be fun."

"Trust me James it is."

"Wow looks like my little girls needs to go potty." James said.

"She does, I drank to much."

"You should know better, you have to hold it in, til I say otherwise."

"But daddy I've been holding it for a while."

"Well you can hold it some more. You know when you should go."

"Daddy I need to make peepee please let me go potty."

"No, and stop holding it, it's not good. If you have an accident then you get spanked."

"If I move, I go. Please let me go."

"Hold it for 30 minutes and I MAY let you go."

James helps her to sit down. He sets a timer for 30 minutes.

"Do you do this while I'm at work?" James asked.

"Yes, I start as you leave the driveway and stop when you pull back in." Kilyn said.

"Oh, so it's been a while. Why haven't you told me sooner?"

"I didn't want you to leave me or be embarrassed my me, or worse make fun of me."

"Oh honey I would never make fun of you, and if your bladder starts to hurt then you can let go, even if I want you hold it. I don't want you hurt."

"Okay, but I like holding til I explode."

"Well it looks like you will soon, you must really have to go."

"Oh I do, ive been doing this til you left."

"Oh. Well baby girl, I'll let you go potty now. But don't expect to always be nice like this."

"Thanks daddy, I really need to go potty." Kilyn climbs on James lap.

"Well go."

"I'm nervous daddy, I've never done this."

"Well think of a nice waterfall, and you just let go. Think of a hot summer day and you need some ice cold lemonade." That made Kilyn lose it. She peed her diaper forcefully on James lap. Her diaper turned a golden yellow.

"Wow you made a big peepee."

"I know I really had to go."

"Yes you did. This time I want you to hold, til I tell you let go. Okay?"

"Yes daddy, I'll try.

"that's my girl." James said. Kilyn got up and got another diaper for James to put her in.

James gives her the biggest pitcher of Ice tea and told her to drink it in half an hour. Kilyn thought that, it was too easy, since she loves ice tea.

James was cooking dinner he was cooking stir fry, but added lots of pepper so Kilyn will drink more.

"Kilyn, baby dinner's ready." James said as he set the table.

Kilyn came with an empty pitcher. James refilled it with more tea.

"Remember my rule, can't leave the table unless I say it's okay, or if it's an emergency." James said.

"Okay daddy." Kilyn said.

"How was work daddy?" Kilyn asked.

"It was good, stressful and tiring. How was your day?" James asked.

"Good I had tons of fun."

Kilyn has been drinking more since the stir fry was spicier than usual. but this is making her fill faster.

Almost through most of the meal, Kilyn needed to pee.

"Daddy I have to potty."

"You just went, you can hold it."

"My teas is all gone though."

"You shouldn't have drank it all, you can hold it."

"I really to potty though."

"So, you can wait, enough of this, or you get a spanking."

"Okay."

Kilyn ate the last of her meal, but at this point she's holding herself.

"Kilyn I said don't hold herself."

"I can't help it."

"Stop, Kilyn."

Kilyn let go, her twisted her legs.

"Come sit we'll watch the little mermaid."

Kilyn sat next to James.

About halfway through the movie. Kilyn forgot about James deal and completely had an accident.

"Kilyn you had an accident, when I told you not too."

"Sorry daddy, I forgot."

"That's not an excuse. you need to be punished."

"But I really needed to go potty."

"So you should have been able to hold it. Now lay on my lap."

Kilyn laid on his lap. He gave her 5 spankings. Kilyn was crying.

"Sorry I had to do this baby girl, but I told you to hold, next time try and listen okay."

"Okay daddy, love you."

"Love you too baby girl."

James and Kilyn continued Little Mermaid.

By the end of the movie it was 11:00

"Let's go to bed." James said.

"Okay."

James and Kilyn went to their bedroom and got ready for bed.

"Kilyn do you need to go potty, before you go night night?" James asked.

"Yes daddy." Kilyn said, not realizing that she needed to go.

James watched her go potty.

"Night night princess." James said.

"Night night daddy." Kilyn said.

They kissed and went to sleep.

TBC I hoped you like this second chapter. I'll try and post two tomorrow. I think you'll like it. It gets better as it progresses I promise.

*003*2014-04-09 22:50

Sorry that I haven't been online lately, I couldn't post for a week. But hey now I'm back, and I can't wait for you to read this chapter. I hope you like it!!

Chapter 3 Naughty Girl.

It's the next morning, and it's a pretty normal morning. Now with the secret out, it's been a whole lot easier on Kilyn. She can finally be herself 24/7 it can't get any better than this.

James is making breakfast for him and Kilyn. They're having pancakes, bacon, sausage and fruit. James has been taking the news very well, about the whole diaper situation. It shocked him at first, but now that it's out in the open he kinda likes it. He loves being Kilyn daddy. He's hoping that they can go on vacation soon, I mean come on it's summer. Everyone deserves a summer vacation.

Kilyn is just now waking up, and she smells the sweet smell of bacon. She jumped up and followed the sweet trail.

"Hey baby girl." James said.

"Hi daddy, do you have to work today?" Kilyn asked.

"Yes I do honey." James answered.

Kilyn went to the living room and cried.

Breakfast was ready and James went to get Kilyn, who has still crying.

"Kilyn, come on let's eat breakfast." James said.

"No because once you're done, your going to leave." Kilyn cried.

"Hey, if you can be a big girl, I'll let you potty anywhere and anyway you want." James said.

"Promise?" Kilyn said.

"Yes I promise." James said.

"I don't want you too leave though." Kilyn said.

"I know you don't, I don't either. I'll see if I can get a week off." James said.

"Okay." Kilyn sniffled.

She got up and James led her to the kitchen.

They started to eat breakfast.

"If I'm able to get a week off where do you want to go, princess?" James asked.

"I don't know, as long as I'm with daddy, I'll be happy." Kilyn smiled.

"Awe princess. I'll let you pick." James smiled.

"No I want us to pick, you know I can't make decision." Kilyn informed.

"Okay, when I get home we'll decide." James replied.

Breakfast time was over.

"Do you need to go potty, before I leave?" James asked.

"Yes daddy, I really do." Kilyn said putting her hands in between her legs.

"Okay let's go, so I can get you out of this diaper, so you can go like a big girl all day and make a big mess when I get home." James said.

They rushed to the bathroom and Kilyn made it- just barely.

"Good girl." James praised as she went.

Kilyn finished and they walked to the living room.

"I'll call when I get off work. Decide how you want to potty. Okay?" James said.

"Okay I will." Kilyn said.

Kilyn made sure she went when she knew to go so, by when it's closer to when James gets home she can make a big mess. Kilyn hopes James can get a week off, she really wants to go on vacation just the two of them. Kilyn isn't sure where she wants to go, but she h.opes that it's warm and sunny. But she doesn't want to go travel on an airplane. She gets air sick, and she gets claustrophobic. Yes a car is small, but she doesn't feel on top of everybody in a car, while on a airplane your all scrunched up in one space.

"Hopefully James doesn't want to travel somewhere where we have to fly." Kilyn wondered.

She doesn't want to disappoint James, that's the last thing she wants to do. It's just that she doesn't want to hurt him. The only way she'll go on a plane is it's for James. But that's the last resort, other than that, no plane no way.

It's the end of the day for James, he was able to get a whole two weeks off. Since he's done amazing for both of his cases. His boss let him get two weeks off. James couldn't believe it. James can't wait to tell Kilyn. Speaking of Kilyn, James needs to call her.

"Hello." Kilyn answered.

"Hi princess, how was your day?" James asked.

"Really good, I went potty like a big girl."

"You did, how many times?"

"Three!"

"Good job, baby. Daddy is proud of you. Guess what?"

"What?"

"I got us two weeks off, so we get to go on vacation!"

"Yay!!."

"We get to start tomorrow. How does that sound?"

"Amazing."

"I know, I can't wait."

"Me either. How far are you?"

"I'll be home in three minutes."

"Okay, good."

"Why, what's wrong."

"Nothing, I really want to see you."

"Okay, I pulled up, love you bye."

"Love you too."

Kilyn really needs to pee, she drank three iced teas and a coffee since the last time she peed. And now she really needs to go. She is currently on the couch.

James finally walks in.

"Daddy!" Kilyn cheered.

"Hi princess." James said and kissed Kilyn forehead.

"So remember your promise?"

"Yes, but before anything have you decided where and how you want to do this?"

"Yes, somewhere naughty, where I get in trouble."

"Oh okay."

"Let's get something to eat."

"Okay."

"Does my princess needs the potty before we leave?" The word "potty" really makes Kilyn desperate.

"No."

"Okay, I'm going to get your bag ready, then we'll go."

They got in the car

"Where do you want to eat?" James asked.

"Hu Hot." Kilyn said.

James is going to go to the really far one hoping she'll pee her pants in the car. The farthest one is about an hour.

20 minutes later.

They're about a 1/3 way there and Kilyn is about ready to lose it.

"How much farther daddy?" Kilyn asked

"About 40 minutes. Why, are you really hungry?" James asked.

"Yes but I need to potty."

"I asked before we left, and you said no. You have to wait til we get there."

"But I really need to go know."

"Sorry princess, but you should have went before we left."

Kilyn looking at the clock, which each minute going by, feels like an hour.

10 Minutes later.

Kilyn was hoping that traffic wouldn't happen, but of course nothing ever turns her way.

"Awe traffic."Kilyn said, jamming her hands in between her legs for dear life.

"Don't worry baby traffic will clear up." James comforted.

"But I really need to potty."

"Just hold it the best you can okay. Just don't pee pee in my car."

James was getting excited, he knew that she will. But he can't take it. If she doesn't pee in the next five minutes then he'll force her too.

It's been five minutes and traffic is still in play, Kilyn knew that she'll lose it any minute know.

James took the bull on the horn, and took matter in his own hand.

"Let's listen to music." James said.

He put a CD in.

It's a waterfall.

Kilyn started to squirm."

"Daddy can we listen to something else?" Kilyn asked.

"Sorry this is all we have."James said.

"But I can't hold my pee pee in much longer."

"Yes you can and will."

After ten minutes of this Kilyn lost it. James saw that her pants got darker.

"Kilyn I told you not to pee in my car."

"Sorry, but I couldn't it any more."

"When we get home you're in so much trouble."

"I tried daddy, I really did."

"Now you ruined my seats."

Kilyn started to cry.

Traffic started to clear up and they finally made it to Hu Hot. Kilyn was still crying.

"Don't cry, daddy shouldn't have been hard on you. I knew you held for the best you could, plus we were in traffic."

"So I'm not in trouble anymore?"

"No you're not, now let's change you and then eat."

He changed her in the trunk and then ate.

"So princess, where do you want to go on vacation for two weeks?"

"I don't know, as long as we don't have to fly and it's must be warm."

"Okay, how about Florida ? It takes a day to get there and we can drive."

"It's perfect."

The rest of the ride home was silent, only because Kilyn passed out.

Once they got home, James carried her in, and changed her. He decided to go to bed too. Tomorrow they will pack and he'll clean the seat.

TBC sorry if the ending felt sorta rushed. I couldn't think of anything else. What did you think? I hoped you enjoyed it and I'll try to write another chapter and post it tomorrow. Have a day day bye

