My Brother's Keeper

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2017-02-14 03:57

This semester is kicking my ass, y'all. I don't know when I'm going to get the chance to write again (or even have the mental space to think up scenarios!), but I managed to get this one out of my mind and into a word document. Hope you're all having a great February!

###

Will yelped, and Charlie reached down absent-mindedly to rub his younger brother’s head. The boy gurgled happily, while their mother, Jamie, rifled through the clearance racks.

Will leaned into Charlie’s hand, humming. Keeping his brother calm and happy was second nature to Charlie by now. Born when Charlie was 7, Will had been strangled with the umbilical cord during labor, depriving his brain of oxygen and leaving him with severe physical and intellectual disabilities. Now 8 years old, Will was unable to speak or walk on his own and required round-the-clock caregiving.

So when Jamie needed to buy new clothes for the boys, the only viable option was bringing both of them with her. Charlie had grown enough that Jamie wanted him there to try things on, and the boys’ dad, Troy, was at work, so he couldn’t stay at home with Will.

Charlie didn’t mind, of course. He loved his brother. Things were definitely more challenging with Will’s unpredictable medical and emotional needs, but even as a second grader, Charlie had easily adapted to the role of protective older brother, helping around the house and never seeming to mind when the family’s plans had to revolve around Will’s needs (which they often did). Over the past 8 years, Charlie had developed an uncanny ability to make Will laugh or calm him when he was upset better than anyone, even Jamie.

So Charlie had stayed close to his brother’s side, pushing Will’s wheelchair and entertaining the kid while Jamie picked out clothes. Charlie wasn’t exactly picky about what he wore – or really much of anything, preferring to be as unobtrusive as possible – and Jamie had the natural shopping efficiency borne of motherhood, but everything took longer with Will involved.

The mall itself was 20 minutes away, and loading Will’s wheelchair into the van was no quick task. Not wanting to have to make multiple trips, Jamie insisted on getting everything in on go. That meant not only new school clothes for Charlie, but also work pants for Troy, yoga pants for herself, and new shoes for Will, which was a delicate process, to say the least. It had already been nearly 3 hours since they’d left the house.

Charlie shifted back and forth as Jamie pulled a t-shirt off the rack and held it up to check the price. He’d had to pee for at least the last hour and now, the need was intense enough that he decided he didn’t want to risk waiting until they got home.

“Hey, Mom?”

“Mmmm?” Jamie held the t-shirt next to Will, sizing it up.

“Can I-“ But Charlie was cut off by another screech from Will.

“Charlie, honey, can you…” Jamie trailed off, but she didn’t need to finish her sentence. Charlie was already rocking Will’s chair back and forth and humming his brother’s favorite song.

“Thanks, sweetie,” Jamie smiled at her older son. “I think we’re almost done. I’m just gonna check out, and then we can head home.”

Charlie clenched his abs slightly. He really had to pee, but he decided it would be better to wait until after Jamie paid for the latest clothes to try to ask again. He gathered the bags from their previous purchases and pushed Will behind Jamie, following her to the register.

After paying for the clothes, Jamie led her sons back out into the mall. She turned left, to head back toward the car. Knowing that the bathrooms were in the opposite direction, Charlie slowed.

“Hey, Mom?” he asked again.

Jamie turned. “Yeah, sweetie?”

“Can you hang on a sec? I need to-“

But Charlie was cut off again, this time by a choking noise from Will. Jamie and Charlie instantly turned toward the little boy, whose eyes were rolling back in his head.

“Charlie!” Jamie’s cry was automatic, the single name containing a call to action that Charlie had heard hundreds of times before.

He was already moving, gently taking Will’s hand and staring at his watch to keep the time. Jamie had dropped the shopping bags and was digging through the supply bag she kept on Will’s wheelchair. She pulled out the vial of midazolam and held it ready.

Will’s limbs were jerking in a grand mal seizure, his head lolling to the side. Jamie locked the brakes on his wheelchair so he didn’t slide. She crouched down next to Will and looked across the wheelchair tray at Charlie.

“Seventy-eight seconds,” Charlie replied without being asked, indicating the current length of Will’s seizure.

Jamie nodded and stroked the side of Will’s face. “You’re doing great, baby,” she murmured to her younger son.

Charlie kept one eye on his watch. Will’s seizure protocol dictated that the midazolam only be administered if the seizure lasted longer than five minutes. As the second hand crept on, nearing 3 minutes of kept time, Charlie felt an alarming surge from his bladder. He shifted his posture so that his thighs were pressing together.

Time worked funny when Will had a seizure. Every second seemed to stretch infinitely, yet the more dangerous threshold of five minutes approached with alarming rapidity. Of course, his long-delayed need to use the bathroom only compounded the matter.

The mall wasn’t too crowded, but a few people did walk by, staring. Most just kept moving, but Jamie gave a look of thanks-but-we’ve-got-this to the few that looked like they might stop and ask to help.

“Time?” Jamie asked Charlie, steady but urgent.

“Almost four minutes,” Charlie answered.

“Come on baby, come back,” Jamie encouraged, squeezing Will’s hand.

Will’s body jerked severely, rattling the sides of the wheelchair. Charlie stumbled sideways, dropping his hand to steady himself. He winced slightly as he righted himself, checking the time on his watch.

“You OK, hon?”

Charlie nodded in response, hoping his face wasn’t too red, betraying the wet spot of urine that he’d just leaked into his underwear. “Twenty more seconds,” he reported.

Jamie sighed, preparing the vial of medicine. They both knew that if Will’s seizure last longer than 2 and a half minutes, it was likely to last longer than five.

A few seconds later, Charlie signaled his mother, who pulled open Will’s lower lip to insert the medicine between the child’s cheek and gums. The medicine worked quickly, and Will’s convulsions slowed. After one final twitch, Jamie called for time again.

“Five minutes, 28 seconds,” Charlie replied.

“OK. Remember that for when we get home so I can mark it down,” Jamie ordered. She wiped a string of drool from Will’s chin. The younger boy was pale and sweaty.

After a few more minutes of sitting to let everyone catch their breath and make sure Will didn’t have an residual attacks, Jamie hauled herself to her feet.

“Come on, boys,” she said, picking up her dropped shopping bags. “Let’s get home so I can put Will down for a nap.” Drowsiness was a side effect of the medication, so Will would always sleep after a long seizure.

Charlie pushed himself to standing, biting the inside of his lower lip. He had to pee so badly, but there was no way he could leave his mom alone with Will now. They just had to get home.

Will whined pitifully, and Charlie cupped the side of his brother’s face affectionately. Will didn’t speak, but it was fairly easy to tell if he was happy or sad, and seizures never ceased to exhaust him.

The car seemed unaccountably far away, even taking into account the accessible parking space. Charlie started to wheel his brother to the side of the van, but was stopped by Jamie.

“I’m going to change him,” Jamie explained, opening the back hatch. “I don’t want him sitting in it until we get home.”

Charlie could’ve cried. He was already reasonably certain he wasn’t going to make it home dry – after his previous leak, he wasn’t even dry now – but having to help change his brother’s diaper almost certainly was going to make his own situation worse.

Still, Charlie parked Will’s chair behind the van and leaned down to start unbuckling his brother. Will wasn’t too heavy, but it was always safer to move him with two people, especially when they weren’t at home. Jamie smoothed out a changing pad and pulled a clean diaper from the supply bag. Then she turned and lifted Will from his chair to lay him in the back of the van, with Charlie staying close to guide him. Charlie hadn’t quite hit his full growth spurt yet, so he was still small and skinny, but he’d been helping with his brother for years, and Jamie trusted him.

At the moment, however, Charlie didn’t trust himself. He felt on the very edge of losing control and peeing everywhere. As much as he wanted to assist his mother, his attention was naturally taken with keeping from completely disgracing himself.

Charlie didn’t exactly have a ton of experience around infants, but he was sure that changing Will’s diaper was a much lengthier process. Jamie was practiced, but Will’s limbs were uncooperative, and even undersized 8-year-olds were harder to move around than babies. Charlie couldn’t help twisting his hips, trusting that Jamie’s focus was entirely on his brother. He felt another leak, but still didn’t risk holding himself. He had to keep his hands free in case Jamie needed him.

Jamie slid Will’s sweats back over his hips, and Charlie automatically reached forward to help her transfer the boy back to his chair. Will was still listless and pale, but he smiled slightly when Charlie strapped him into his chair. Charlie managed to smile back, even though the movements and crouching were deadly to his control. After he repositioned Will’s tray, Charlie glanced down. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought he could see a stain at his crotch. He closed his eyes and re-clenched his sphincter.

Jamie was already on the side of the van, maneuvering the mechanical lift. When the platform was safely on the ground, Charlie wheeled Will’s chair forward and locked the wheels in place. He stood close to the chair, hoping that Jamie couldn’t see the possible wetness on his pants.

Charlie got busy locking Will’s chair in place in the van. Jamie shut the side door and walked around to the driver’s side, leaving Charlie to finish bucking Will before settling himself into the seat behind Jamie.

“Everything set back there?” Jamie called.

“Yeah, we’re good,” Charlie lied. He’d buckled Will in perfectly, but as soon as he sat down, he’d shoved his hand between his legs, cutting of the most recent leak. His tight grip was literally the only thing keeping him from wetting himself, though the fabric of his jeans was substantially damp beneath his palm.

He was tired. Almost certainly not as tired as Will, of course, but Charlie’s own adrenaline crash left him shaking, but he couldn’t afford to relax. So instead of physical relief, Charlie’s weariness sublimated into consuming embarrassment and self-revulsion.

He felt so stupid! How could he have let himself get into this situation? He was supposed to be the one who wasn’t any trouble, who could take care of himself. That was literally his one job as a son, to make sure his parents didn’t have to worry about him. And here he sat, 15 years old and on the verge of having an accident all over the car.

Another spurt soaked into Charlie’s pants. He tried not to squirm and draw attention to himself, but his desperation was overtaking his entire body. He felt his control slipping, but refused to give up entirely.

The car ride was silent. Jamie hadn’t bothered to turn on the radio, and even Will wasn’t making any humming or gurgling noises.

And all the while, Charlie was gripping himself til his hand was numb, but it wasn’t enough to stop the leaking. Soon, a large stain spread across his lap, soaking toward his knees. Charlie shuddered and pressed his legs together with each leak. He knew his pants were a lost cause, but he was doing all he could to keep from making a mess of the car seat.

As Jamie steered the car onto their street, Charlie hung his head in anticipation of having his mom find out what he’d done. He fought back tears, briefly wondering how he could have leaked so much, but still have to go so badly.

Charlie barely noticed when Jamie pulled into the garage. He felt his lower lip trembling as she parked the car and walked around to open the side door. He didn’t move even when she started fiddling with the lift mechanism.

“Hey, honey, can you unlock Will’s chair, please?” Jamie requested.

Charlie blinked back tears. “Mom,” he choked, his voice trembling noticeably.

Jamie’s head jerked up at the sound of her elder son’s distress. He didn’t make eye contact, but the dome light illuminated the incriminating darkness in his lap.

“Oh, Charlie,” she murmured, stunned and pitying the teen.

Charlie’s stomach dropped even further. He couldn’t bear the thought of disappointing his mother. “I-“ he started to apologize, but couldn’t get the words out.

“It’s OK, honey,” Jamie assured him. “Just go change.”

“But…” Charlie looked in Will’s direction, still unable to say anything else.

“I got him, honey,” Jamie said softly. “It’s OK, I promise.”

Charlie hesitated, but he still really had to go, so he finally unbuckled his own seatbelt and scrambled out his side door and into the house.

There was a bathroom closer to the garage, but Charlie was compelled to the back of the house, to the bathroom by his bedroom. He slammed the door shut behind him, still clutching between his legs. He turned to the toilet, but he couldn’t move his hand long enough to unzip his pants.

Wriggling frantically, Charlie finally sat down on the toilet in defeat, peeing through his pants. The feeling of more hot liquid soaking into his jeans felt awful, and he felt a tear slip down his cheek, but at least he wasn’t making a mess on the floor to be cleaned up. The odd, uneven sound of urine dripping into the toilet only served to deepen his mortification.

Finally empty, Charlie stood and peeled of his clinging pants and underwear. Disgusted at the feeling of piss on his legs, he decided to shower before taking his soiled clothes to the washing machine.

He showered quickly and could hear Jamie coming out of Will’s room after putting him to bed. Charlie hesitated before leaving the bathroom, not wanting to walk past his mom holding his wet clothes. She knew, of course, but Charlie really didn’t feel like being explicitly reminded of his humiliating failure.

Wrapping a towel around his waist, Charlie peeked out into the hallway. It was clear, so he snuck out to the laundry room, threw his pants into the washing machine, and hurried back to his room to change.

Sighing, Charlie sat on his bed for a moment, trying to quell the lingering shudders that wracked his body. He wanted to hide forever, but…he had to help get dinner ready. It was something he always did. His mom would be expecting it.

The hallway was quiet; Will was asleep, and Charlie couldn’t hear Jamie. Part of him hoped that she was in the office, paying bills or something. Cautiously, he turned into the kitchen.

“Hey, honey.” Jamie was sitting at the island bar, a glass of wine in front of her.

Charlie teared up almost instantly. “I’m…” he stammered. “I’m sorry.”

“Oh, Charlie,” Jamie hopped off the stool and wrapped her elder son in a hug. “Baby, you have nothing to be sorry for.”

“I-“ Charlie was crying for real now. He hated what he did, he hated himself. He would’ve done anything to take back the events of the afternoon. “I s-shouldn’t h-have…”

“Shhh,” Jamie soothed, rubbing his back. “Sweetheart, it’s OK. You just had an accident, that’s all.”

Charlie let out a pained sob. He shouldn’t have had an accident. He should’ve been better, he should’ve been able to hold it.

Jamie didn’t know what else to say, so she just held her son tightly for a few minutes.

Sniffling, Charlie eventually got his breathing under control enough to speak, to explain himself. “I s-shouldn’t have peed my p-pants. I had to go and I wanted to, but Will n-needed me, and then he had a seizure, and I c-couldn’t…” He trailed off again, overcome with shame.

Jamie frowned in pity. She guided him over to the bar stools to sit down.

“Baby, I wish I could tell you that you don’t have to worry about taking care of your brother or that his needs will never interfere with yours, but we both know that’s not true.”

Charlie wiped a tear from his face, keeping his eyes down.

“But sweetheart,” Jamie continued, squeezing Charlie’s hand, “I don’t ever want you to think that I don’t know just how much you do for your brother and for this family. I know, and I’m incredibly grateful for it.”

Charlie shrugged, half comforted and half embarrassed that he needed comforting.

Jamie reached over to hug her son again. “Honey, I can’t promise that you’ll never have to help with Will, even when it’s inconvenient or you want or need to do something else, but baby, I promise, I promise that you can always ask.”

Charlie’s lip started to tremble at the unintended implication that he should have known better than to just piss himself without even saying anything.

Seeing Charlie’s face crumple, Jamie tried again. “Charlie, please don’t feel bad, honey. This wasn’t your fault. I know you were just trying to help and do what you think I needed. But Charlie,” Jamie gently reached for the teen’s chin and tilted his face toward her. “You’re my son, too. And I want you to be safe and happy, just like your brother. I don’t ever want you to feel like you can’t tell me what you need, OK?”

Charlie nodded morosely, not quite ready to feel better. But he pasted on a smile for his mom. He didn’t want her to worry.

*002*2017-03-13 02:20

{{On 3/6/2017 at 8:48 AM, bazinga said:

Your writing always inspires me to write again!

}}

Oh, please do!! I love your writing! I'm not picky - continuation of your existing stories, new stuff, whatever :) I've loved everything you've posted on here!

*004*2017-03-17 01:42

{{On 3/14/2017 at 10:15 PM, bazinga said:

Thank you! I've been working on quite an angsty one and I'm hoping to post it by this week! :)

}}

Angsty's my favorite :) I'll keep an eye out for it!

