Doctor Who: Struggles of a Companion

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2014-12-14 03:04

Chapter One

Clara anxiously crossed her legs together, squirming lightly as she waited for the Doctor, in his 11th incarnation. She was sat in the holding cell of a Sycorax spaceship, having been imprisoned there in an effort to force the Doctor to give up his TARDIS. As she had seen countless times, however, the Doctor had a solution, and managed to negotiate a peace treaty with the aliens, after bluffing that he possessed a weapon which could destroy their whole planet. She was now waiting for the Doctor to get the fix the Sycorax's teleport system to allow her to leave the cell. Subconsciously, she rubbed her thighs together, while tapping her fingers nervously against her knees, a rhythmic and slightly urgent pulse. Without warning, a distorted image of the Doctor appeared in front of her.

"Hello? Hello? Can you see me? Hang on, this image projection is a bit faulty and -" the Doctor adjusted a switch on the TARDIS dashboard adjacent to him "Wahey, there we go I look like a real person now, and not just some weird ghost man"

"Doctor! Have you sorted it yet, am I free to leave" Clara was desperately keen to get out, as she had been locked up there for six hours, with nothing in the cell except a damaged old wooden bench.

"Ah yes, slight problem with that. The teleport system uses Triaflionixalon crystals for power, easily obtainable but they run out of charge so quickly. I've connected my TARDIS to the main system, and those crystals should be good to go in an hour, but until then, the teleport won't work, and I'm afraid your stuck"

Clara's eyes widened at this discovery "But can't you just fly the TARDIS in here and let me out,"

The Doctor looked at her as if she'd just tripped over thin air "No, Sycorax holding cells are re-enforced with Bauxoliote rock, which prevents any alien spaceships from entering. The only way you can physically enter or leave one of these cells is through Triaflionixalon teleportation"

"Of course" Clara rolled her eyes, shifting in her seat, and jiggling her thighs together.

"Will you be okay?" the Doctor asked.

"Yes, it's fine, it's just that-" she lowered her voice a bit "I really need the toilet." She felt ashamed to be admitting this.

"Ah yes, I forget human bladder capacity is much less than a timelord's," the Doctor didn't mean to sound condescending.

"Come on, this can't be the first time you've seen a human in need of the loo" Clara interrogated.

"God no, I've seen several of my own companions in a worse state than you are right now." the Doctor began casting his mind back.

###

The Doctor remembered the glorious days of Rose Tyler, one of the few companions he truly loved. Yet she wasn't blessed with the best bladder control, and was sometimes forced to endure the humiliating dash to the on-board toilet while others stayed outside to face Dalek's and Cybermen. This comfort wasn't always available however, and he recounted one such time when this was the case. The year was 5036, and he and Rose had been transported onto a Judoon spaceship. The Doctor was wearing his typical brown pinstripe suit with converse, while Rose was wearing denim shorts, tights and a pink t shirt that complimented her figure.

The TARDIS was on the planet of Tredax-3, which the two had been accused of trespassing on. As intergalactic police, the Judoon were obliged to deal with any offences. Two aggressive Judoon marshalled the Doctor and Rose, who were walking next to each other with their hands resting on the back of their heads, as they had been asked to do by the alien policemen. The Doctor noticed Rose shifting slightly as she walked, and she had seemed a bit on edge since they had been transported, unlike her normal confident self.

"Are you alright, Rose?" he whispered, showing genuine concern.

Rose smiled flirtily but continued to walk awkwardly "I really should have used the loo before we left, I've not been in ages, and I am DESPERATE for a wee"

"Will you cope?"

"Yeah, just no timewasting with this one, prove our innocence, then get us back to the TARDIS. No games, just in and out. I'm going to take a wild guess that Judoon spaceships don't have public loos on board."

The Doctor smiled and shook his head "Don't worry, we'll be on the TARDIS before you can say 'Raxacoricofallapatorius'."

Rose chuckled a bit, but then quickly stopped and crossed her legs, realising the additional strain laughter put on her bladder. The two had reached the room which the Judoon would use for their interrogation.

"Name." A particularly unfriendly Judoon snarled looking directly into the Doctor's face.

The Doctor replied with a cheesy grin. "The Doctor."

He moved on to Rose. "Name."

"Rose Tyler." she replied, lacking her usual assured tone. He could see her wanting to hop up and down in desperation, but wanting to seem in control in front of him. She was muttering under her breath, and kept rubbing her thighs together. The Judoon began to speak, and while the Doctor was taking in what he was saying, he was utterly mesmerised by Rose, who was stood next to him. He noticed she had began to clasp her hands against her crotch, causing him to wonder how desperate she was. Had she leaked yet? Was she in pain? Was there genuine risk of her wetting herself? She caught him looking and mouthed "I AM BURSTING", while pressing her hands into her privates. He could see sweat dripping down her forehead, and realised she was more desperate than she'd originally let on. He tried to think back to when she last actually used the toilet.

They had spent four hours on the alien planet without using her using the facilities, and she had had an exotic brand of ice tea, along with plenty of water, owing to the extremely hot temperature of the planet. He had heard the toilet on the TARDIS flush about an hour before they arrived at Tredax-3, so it must have been at least five hours since she relieved herself. Rose had never been shy about her bodily functions, she had admitted to him that she wet herself in fear when a Slitheen attacked her, and had forced the Doctor to look away and put his fingers in his ears while she peed into a cup, after the two had been locked in a cell together. He had never actually seen her pee though, and was oddly fascinated by the concept. It occured to him that the Judoon had stopped speaking, and therefore a reply was necessary.

"Well Mr Judoon, for a start, Rose here isn't human, and therefore you have no jurisdiction over her, so you have to let her go. It's me you want, not her"

"That is impossible. Human race could never reach this planet, it would take a lifetime. She is alien" the Judoon barked.

"No, you see I'm a timelord, and she travels with me, she's from the year 2008, millenniums ago, but she's definitely not an alien" the Doctor responded, glancing to see Rose's eyes glossed with tears.

"Full species determining test required." at this moment two Judoon aggressively took hold of Rose and pushed her against the wall. Her hands immediately darted to her pussy, as her resolute muscles leaked a bit of hot urine into her panties, as she would later admit to the Doctor.

"LET GO OF ME!" Rose demanded as her throbbing abdomen indicated a burning desire to finish the job. For this test, the Judoon required her to be fully naked, and so used a de-fabricator to achieve this quickly. Rose wasn't aware of this process, so gasped as the cold air hit her now completely exposed body. The wave of coldness increased her need to pee, and her right hand darted to her vagina, both to put pressure on her throbbing peehole and to protect her dignity. She placed her left arm across her breast, just about hiding both her nipples. The Judoon ran a scanner across every inch of her body, while Rose squirmed eccentrically on the spot, all in the name of preventing her embarassment.

"She is human. She may go." the Judoon concluded. Rose had began re-clothing herself, the Doctor caught a glimpse of her well trimmed pubic hair as she put her white knickers back on, taking the opportunity for a long hold of her crotch. She couldn't keep still, her perfect breasts bouncing as she attempted to put her bra back on without wetting herself. The Doctor had to fight the urge to keep watching and continue his plan.

"You know, you guys are geniuses. I mean, seriously, you've foiled so many great alien plots. The great Slitheen heist of 3048, you locked up that whole family.' ('Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck' Rose whispered as another drop of wee escaped). 'You destroyed a Sontaran spaceship three times as big for the greater good of the universe. You found the source of the 2nd great Ood malfunction in just 45 minutes. Yet in some ways you unbelievably stupid.' the Doctor gestured Rose to hold his hand.

"We are the most intelligent beings in the universe" the Judoon retorted. Rose was now doubled over in pain, knowing she was literally seconds away from flooding herself.

"Oh really?" the Doctor asked."Because you've stood us right underneath a functional teleport." he lifted his sonic screwdriver.

"Destroy--"

"See ya!" the Doctor yelled, activating the teleport. Seconds later, the two were back on the TARDIS.

"Oh my God, I'm dying for a wee!" Rose exclaimed, lying on the floor as a result of the teleport landing. She slowly stood up, knowing any sudden movements would be the end of her noble attempts to keep her knickers dry. Somehow she reached the toilet door, but struggled to get it open. "Doctor, I'm going to wet myself!" she yelled.

The Doctor rushed over, and used to sonic screwdriver to open the door. "Ah, I'm not going to make it," she cried as a long spurt of urine dampened her shorts. The Doctor tried to help her unbutton her shorts, but it was futile. Rose felt the dampness around her pussy, and knew she was going to have a full blown accident. The pee welled up in the crotch of her panties, before splitting into two streams down each leg. The pee pooled round her bum, while a small puddle had formed beneath her. The pee was now dripping down her tights, soaking her shoes and spurting through the fabric. Two minutes later, Rose had finally emptied her bladder, removing her shorts and tights, tears in her eyes.

"I feel so stupid" she sobbed. "I just wet myself like a little child."

The Doctor just stared at her wee-soaked panties, now see-through, revealing her sodden pubic hair. Rose stared down at the Doctor's crotch. "At least someone enjoyed it." she smirked. "I'm getting in the shower. Feel free to join me." She removed her panties and bra, showing off her bare arse as she stepped into the shower.

###

"Doctor?" Clara asked, as he had stepped into an almost dream-like daze.

"Sorry, where was I? Ah yes, so you're not the first companion to have problems like this." he consoled her.

"Thanks, you telling me how Rose wet herself has really helped my situation." Clara informed him through gritted teeth, tightly crossing her legs over.

"There was another story." the Doctor continued obliviously. "Oh yes, Martha Jones and the Daleks."

*003*2014-12-14 09:09

{{:

...I love you. Seriously, you are my hero. I've wanted a good Doctor Who story for ages. Keep up the good work!

(I wouldn't mind if you went back to the old series, either. Tegan and Ace, especially...)

}}

Thanks, but I'll probably stick to the new series, as I've never seen the older ones, so am completely unfamiliar with the characters.

*006*2014-12-14 23:34

Chapter Two

Martha Jones traditionally had better bladder control than the Doctor's previous companion. As a potential medical student, she had trained her bladder as she knew patients wouldn't be impressed if she had to pop to the loo regularly. Martha had told the Doctor about how she used to gradually hold her pee for long periods of time in order to improve her durability. Of course, this resulted in many close shaves, including one incident where she found herself so desperate for the toilet on a night time walk home from hospital, she was forced to relieve herself behind two bins in a dark alleyway.

Naturally, this made her an ideal companion, as fighting the most terrifying aliens on the planet doesn't exactly present itself in an abundance of opportunities for release. The Doctor recalls several occasions where she must have held it more than 10 hours, and there were many times where she would gingerly shift her way to the TARDIS toilet, with a rock hard bladder evident. He liked to think that sometimes she didn't quite make it fully dry. Unfortunately, Martha kept her cards close to her chest, and didn't like to let on that her body was being ruled by her bladder. Except for one occasion...The year was 2030, and Martha and the Doctor were visiting the lab of Professor Kaled, who had contacted him about some unusual disappearances.

"It's very concerning, we've seen 30 of our staff just completely vanish in the past two months. No screams, no anything, they just vanish." Kaled revealed to the Doctor. "I don't know what their motivation is, but we need to find out why this is happening." The Doctor looked perplexed, adjusted his thick rimmed glasses, and waved his sonic screwdriver around the building, flashing the blue light on and off repeatedly.

"But that's impossible," the Doctor exclaimed. "There's been no trace of alien activity within a 30 mile radius from this spot, other than my TARDIS arriving here. That means the cause must be human"

"Doctor, we've checked all the CCTV footage, how could a human take 30 members of our workforce without detection. That's just absurd."

The Doctor nodded his head in agreement. "It's a tricky problem this Mr Kaled, a tricky problem indeed." Martha sipped on her coffee, while reading the profiles of the people who disappeared.

"Hold on," Martha exclaimed. "Haven't you noticed anything weird about this data?" she asked.

Professor Kaled shrugged, "I haven't read the data yet, I don't know."

"Well you may be a professor at a large pharmaceutical company, but you're clearly not very observant. Every one of these victims was female." Martha disposed of her finished coffee cup at this point.

The Doctor rested his chin on his hands "But why is that? Well - could be a number of unmentionable reasons, but I'm going to take a wild guess that whatever this is isn't a normal human with normal human motivations. Martha and I will go and explore the building and see if we can find something out, you stay here and let us know if there's any developments."

Martha hopped down from the seat she was sat on, adjusting her red leather jacket and following the Doctor out of the room. She was aware of a slighty ache in her abdomen, and knew she should consider using the toilet soon. For now though, she was focussed on helping the Doctor look around the building.

"Do you trust this guy?" Martha asked, now onto her second mug of coffee.

"I don't know. It's odd though, surely he'd recognise a pattern like this, doesn't he work with these people on a regular basis? Or is he completely oblivious?"

Martha smiled inwardly at this comment, the Doctor had been completely oblivious to her attraction towards him, so it was strangely comforting to here him admit this was a common flaw in the male gene. She noticed her need to pee had increased rapidly, which was odd as she had used the TARDIS toilet just half an hour ago. She had only had one and a half cups of coffee, yet she could barely stand still, and almost considered applying pressure to her peehole to numb the pain.

She had already tried to slow down on the coffee drinking, but if she went two minutes without drinking, she felt almost as though she depended on it, and couldn't resist taking another sip. In the past minute, she downed her second cup, and regretted it as her bladder sent another reminder that she urgently needed to use the bathroom. Fortunately, she and the Doctor passed the ladies room at this point, she almost wanted to scream in delight at the sight, as there was nothing in the world she wanted more at that moment than to relieve herself.

'Erm Doctor? I'm just going to-" Martha awkwardly pointed to the bathroom door, while doing everything in her power not to hold herself like a little child.

"Ok," the Doctor sighed, a little annoyed to have to wait to continue his solving of the mystery.

Martha dashed in, now holding herself with two hands. How was she so desperate so quickly?! There were three stalls, two of them mysteriously out of order, so she bolted into the free one, swiftly removed her belt and yanked down her jeans and pink knickers. As her bum touched the seat, she saw a bright blinding light. A second later, she was lying on the floor, surrounded by a fleet of familiar enemies.

"Prisoner #31, you will be taken for processing," barked a Dalek, it's cold mechanical voice and gold metallic exterior instantly recognisable to Martha. She was shaken with fear, and as she stood up, realised her jeans were still halfway down her ankles. She pulled them back up as quickly as she could, and followed the Dalek, knowing not to question his orders. She was stood behind another girl, around 20, large breasts, blonde hair and a panicked expression on her face.

"What's going on? I was bursting for a wee, so I went to the toilet and now I've ended up here. I swear I'm going to wet myself any minute, who are these robots, am I going to die? Oh-"

"Just calm down," Martha interrupted. "The toilet seat clearly had some kind of teleportation device attached to it, which has led us here." Martha began to work it all out in her head. "And that coffee they've given us, that must have some form of diuretic within it, which explains why I have to go soooooo badly." Despite her bladder bursting at the seams, she still managed to continue thinking. "But wait, Professor Kaled gave me the coffee, so-" the final cogs turned. "Kaled, that's an anagram of Dalek. He must be one of those Dalek human slaves things they were trying to build in Manhattan. Which means -" the horror dawned on her. "They're trying to do the same to us."

"Oh my God, we're going to die!" #30 screamed.

"No, no, I've got this friend, called the Doctor, he'll sort everything out, he always does!" Martha hoped, having to openly hold herself at regular intervals now to avoid an accident. "So don't worry."

All Martha heard was a stifled cry. #30 stood with knees bent in together, pee slowly dripping down her black tights. She grasped her pussy in an attempt to stem the flow, but ended up soaking her black skirt. The wet patch was clearly visible, and the dripping sound of her pee hitting the metal floor was unbearable for Martha, who twisted her legs together and dug her fists into her crotch to prevent any leakage.

"Prisoner #30, you have shown great weakness. All Dalek slaves must be strong humans. You will be exterminated." the Dalek marshall declared.

"No stop!" a drop of pee escaped as Martha stood up for the prisoner, but it was too late, she had been obliterated before her eyes. The pressure to control her bladder was now heightened, but she knew her peehole muscles were aching and she didn't have long before she wet herself too. The diuretic was still working its way through her system and her bladder was being tested to its limit. She reached the 'processing room' where 15 other females were, now serving as Dalek slaves. She assumed the others had suffered the fate of poor prisoner #30, and had fallen under the pressure of their bursting bladders before processing. "Oh God, oh God," Martha muttered under her breath as a fresh wave of desperation hit her, threatening to soak the crotch of her panties. She looked down at her dark jeans to check her spurt before hadn't left any wet patches, but luckily for her it hadn't showed up.

"State your number" the Dalek ordered.

"31" Martha stated, rubbing her thighs together while lightly bouncing on her feet.

"You are now Dalek slave 16, you will help restore the great Dalek race."

"Ooh I'm not sure about that." Martha saw a familiar figure appear, wearing his typical pinstripe suit and comforting smile.

"The Doctor is here. The Doctor is here. You will be exterminated" the Dalek yelled.

The only two Daleks on the ship aimed at the Doctor, but nothing happened. A tepid flash of yellow light was emitted. "Oh dear." the Doctor taunted. "The great Dalek race eh? Reduced to using innocent humans to fight your battles for you. Humans, who are supposedly vastly inferior to your you. Professor Kaled was a real person, you destroyed that and turned him into someone who could use to job he loved to serve you."

"Professor Kaled prefers the Dalek race." Martha at this point was almost ready to collapse with the strain. A long streak of wee escaped, she felt it drop down the left leg, and dampen her knickers. She dug her fist into her crotch, while kneeling on the floor in tears. She was certain a wet spot was visible now, and she openly sobbed with the desperation she felt.

"Oh really? Because this diuretic he made seems to suggest he's more human than he makes out to you." the Doctor exclaimed. "In every bottle he made, he placed a little Dalekite inside. This means that as long as they have full bladders, bladders full of Dalekite, the processing will result in loyalty. But as soon as they empty their bladders, they will no longer be loyal to you." Martha jiggled up and down, now crouched down on the floor. Another spurt left her urethra, this time pooling around her bum. "And you're so weak, as soon as these people cease to be Dalek's, you will break down. The Dalekite in their bladders is all that keeps you alive."

"This is irrelevant, our mind control means processed humans are in complete Dalek command."

"Oh yeah?" the Doctor asked. At this point he threw Martha the sonic screwdriver, and she removed her hands from her crotch to destroy the mind control system. All 15 slaves, who had had their bladders frozen by the mind control, simultaneously screamed as the urine flooded from their overfull bladders, wasting precious Dalekite. Both Dalek's disintegrated as every last drop of wee containing their power source spilled onto the floor. The sight of simultaneous relief was too much for Martha, who groaned as a steady stream of piss began to leave her body.

Still crouched down, the pee poured out of her jeans almost like a shower head, soaked her bum and jetted through the fabric of her jeans. Feeling euphoric, she ran her fingers through the inside of her jeans, feeling the stream as it exploded from her aching peehole, feeling her tidy strip of pubic hair as it was moistened by hot pee. She quickly removed her hand when she remembered where she was, but continued to moan as the pee flooded into her knickers. Finally, her bladder was empty, like the 15 other women who were similarly overwhelmed with relief.

"You okay?" the Doctor asked.

"Never better. You have no idea how bursting I was then! I haven't wet myself like that since I was a kid!" she exclaimed.

###

"And then we returned all 15 woman home, although unfortunately 15 others couldn't be saved. Martha never had to go that badly on the TARDIS again, and the Daleks never experimented with human mind control again." the Doctor recalled.

"Great, tell me more about the 16 woman who got to relieve themselves, while I'm sat here desperate for the toilet." Clara snarled, knowing she had half an hour to hold on to a now very full bladder.

The Doctor, again oblivious continued "Then there was that incident with Donna on that foreign planet..."

*010*2014-12-23 11:51

Chapter Three

"Right, let's go back to planet Earth, I need a break from all this." the Doctor ran his fingers through his hair.

"Ha! A break? Every time you go back on Earth, some bloody great aliens appear, what makes you think it's going to be different this time?" Donna asked.

The Doctor smirked "Well maybe I'll get lucky this time."

"Whatever, I suppose I'd better pop in and see grandad... and mum I guess."

"Then let's go! Allonsy!" the Doctor pulled down on the controls.

"Okay, I'm just going to pop to the loo." Donna walked in the direction of the bathroom. At this moment, the TARDIS shook vigorously, knocking Donna and the Doctor over. "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?" she yelled.

"WHAT?!" the Doctor stared at the TARDIS computer screen in disbelief. "Our path has been intercepted, we've been taken to the planet Sokoron."

"Is that bad?" Donna asked.

The Doctor gave Donna a look that suggested it was very worrying indeed. "Not only is Sokoron the most overpopulated planet in the universe, the Sokorites are one of the most dangerous races as well."

"But you know how to deal with them right?"

He shook his head "No one knows, but they're harmless, providing you do nothing to draw attention to yourself. Any interaction, any strange movement, anything other than following the crowd triggers the aliens to simultaneously release a poison that will kill you." The Doctor attempted to restart the TARDIS. "And to make things worse, the TARDIS has been timelocked, I should be able to work out a way to fix it, but it'll take a few hours."

"So we should...?" Donna asked.

"Stay in here until I can fix the TARDIS, it's a death trap out there."

"In that case, I'm going for a pee." Donna stood up, and headed towards the TARDIS bathroom. However the materialising noise of the TARDIS started up, and Donna gradually saw the toilet and bathroom walls disappear. "Doctor?!!" she yelled. Before she knew it, the TARDIS has disappeared, and she and the Doctor were left exposed on this alien planet.

"The TARDIS has been transported to the vortex, the only way to fix the timelock was to allow it to destroy itself and regrow, which obviously can't be done while we're inside it."

"You mean we're trapped on this alien planet, with some weird poison spraying things and no TARDIS to protect us?" Donna asked.

"Yes."

"Great." she sarcastically grumbled. "So we just have to stay here?"

"No, staying still for this period of time would draw attention to ourselves, the only solution is to keep walking. The TARDIS should be regrown in two hours."

10 minutes into the walk along the sand swept planet, and the two had realised the heat of the planet. "Lucky I have these in my pocket." the Doctor produced two rehydration tablets. They had managed to avoid detection by the aliens, despite their foreign clothing. The Doctor was wearing his usual suit, while Donna was wearing dark jeans and a pink t-shirt.

"Well at least things are looking up." Donna noticed some bathrooms and began to walk towards them. "Who'd have thought that even on some alien planet, they don't want to piss in public. I'm not complaining anyway."

"Donna, you can't go in there."

"Sorry?" Donna gave him an evil glare.

"Emitting this poison is necessary for the Sokorites, or else it builds up inside their bodies and kills them.This planet is a trap for all kinds of foreign species, those toilets aren't real, if you use them, they will know you're human and kill you."

"So I just have to hold it?" the Doctor noticed Donna had crossed her legs together, as if the knowledge had increased her need to go.

"Yes, I'm sorry."

"Well that's just perfect." For the next hour, Donna kept walking as if there was nothing wrong. The Doctor had never seen her desperate, usually Donna would just excuse herself to pee when she had to go. She wasn't like Rose, who got desperate really quickly, or Martha, who held her pee until bursting point. However after that hour, and three rehydration tablets, Donna had started to show signs of struggling.

"I am absolutely dying for the loo." Donna whispered.

"There's nothing I can do, as much as I'd like to help."

Donna moaned, pausing for a second to dig her hands into her crotch.

"Donna, movements like that will draw attention to us, just try and act normally."

Donna was on the verge of tears. "I can't hold it another three hours, I'm going to wet myself."

"No, you can't do that either, you don't have a choice. Either keep control and live or lose control and die."

"Okay, I'll try." Donna continued mincing her movements. The next hour of the walk was largely silent, the Doctor walked slightly behind Donna, hearing periodic whimpering, declarations she was going to wet her knickers, and threats to kill the doctor if the TARDIS didn't hurry up. The Doctor noticed the way Donna bounced around a lot with her bladder full of urine desperate for release, and he had noticed her clenching her bum muscles a fair few times to avoid leakage. The extreme weather conditions meant that Donna had to take a further 2 rehydration tablets, meaning her bladder was full to the brim, with 7 rehydration tablets, as well as the coffee inside her system. The Doctor admired her will-power, as he knew several of his companions would have wet themselves long ago. He wasn't sure if she'd leaked at all, but he did know she was stopping to cross her legs and double over almost every five minutes now. Suddenly a faint voice was heard.

"Dear, you look in need of relief. If you touch my hand, all your pain will come to an end." Donna could barely walk through the pain. She reached out to touch it.

"Don't listen to her, she's trying to trick you, if you touch it you will die. She's just an illusion, another trap to try and get you to fall into." the doctor explained.

The illusion had now manifested itself as a large waterfall. Donna's tears were muffled, and she kept walking, as she knew she had to, but she could barely speak, and had to tightly hold her crotch. Donna shut her eyes as she heard the trickling sound accompanied with a voice: "You've been so brave, why embarrass yourself when you can go out like a hero?"

Donna sobbed again as a first drop of wee escaped her failing peehole. She gasped as she felt the dampness of her crotch as the fabric of her purple panties clung to her. Donna clenched her muscles and moved into a full on pee dance. She hadn’t wet herself since she’d got really drunk at the office Christmas party a few years ago, but she knew that eventuality was now evident.

“I don’t want to die!” Donna whispered to the Doctor.

“The Tardis should be ready any minute now, just hold on.”

“I can’t, I’m bursting!” she cried. As she felt another spurt ready to escape, she placed her hand inside her panties and firmly clutched her pussy. She felt the dampness of her pubic hair and her soaked panties as she did this. The spurt came anyway, soaking her fingers with her hot pee. The Doctor kept walking, but Donna was now stuck. She stood to the side with her knees locked together, bent down trying to ease the incredible pressure on her peehole.

“I’m so sorry.” She whispered. The wee came out slowly at first, more of a trickle than anything else. Donna groaned in relief but sobbed as she knew she was going to be killed. The Doctor saw the crotch of Donna’s jeans dampen, with a large black spot growing larger. The pee gathered in the bottom of her panties, and lightly soaked her bum. Pee was now forcefully escaping her bladder with a loud hiss, not unnoticed by the aliens.

“These are humans, they must be destroyed.” The aliens exclaimed.

“No, please!” Donna yelled, as the pee continued to explode out of her urethra.

“Donna, get in!” the Doctor yelled. The TARDIS had finished it’s regeneration process and appeared right next to her. Donna stemmed the flow of pee, despite the still extreme desperation she faced and waddled into the TARDIS, now safe from the aliens.

Donna doubled over as another stream of pee steadily leaked, running down both her legs and into her shoes. “Doctor, I’m not going to make it to the loo.”

The Doctor quickly handed her a water bottle. “Don’t look!” she screamed as she ripped her panties and jeans off. She held on to her naked pussy to try and avoid any leakage as she placed the bottle in position. She achieved a steady flow, and managed to empty the remainder of her bladder into the water bottle, with only a few splatters hitting the floor of the TARDIS. “Right, so I’m going to clean up. Thanks for saving me again, I guess.” Donna begrudgingly admitted the Doctor always had an answer.

###

Clara tightly crossed her legs and moaned under her breath. "Doctor, I'm severely desperate for the loo, how long is it going to be now?"

"About another 10 minutes, which gives me enough time for my last story."

"No please don't, I'm going to wet myself." Clara pleaded.

But the Doctor as ever continued with his story anyway, "So Amy Pond..."

*021*2015-02-17 01:09

Chapter Four

Amy sighed in relief as her full bladder emptied into the TARDIS toilet. The sound of her pee splashing against the water inside the loo was music to her ears, and she enjoyed the sensation as the pressure lifted. She had been desperate, after an eventful encounter with the Slitheen saw few opportunities for her to excuse herself to use the loo, no matter how bursting she had been. She wiped herself and pulled her knickers and tights up, and her short black skirt down. She wore a white t-shirt, and she noted in the mirror how well it complemented her figure. The TARDIS had been summoned back to Earth, and the Doctor had gone outside to take a look.

Normally Amy would have been straight out with him, but her holding exploits before meant that she was on the verge of wetting herself at that point. Indeed, a tiny drop of pee or two had escaped her peehole and moistened her panties. Suddenly, Amy heard a piercing scream, and ran out to see what had happened. Amy recognised the face, it was Harold Saxon, the Prime Minister who mysteriously disappeared shortly after his election. And he stood laughing, as the Doctor lay on the floor motionless.

"What have you done?" Amy screamed, tears flooding down her face.

"Relax human, he's just tasered. He'll be fine. Well... until I do this." Saxon got out a device which looked like a sonic screwdriver, but Amy knew this was a more deadly weapon than that. As he pressed it, a large bubble obscured the Doctor just as he returned to consciousness.

"No, what are you doing?" the Doctor yelled.

"Keeping you quiet you moron." Saxon laughed, but as he did this, he himself collapsed to the ground.’’

“Oh yes, I remember. You’re still dying aren’t you?” the Doctor asked, almost mockingly.

“Not for long,” he replied, as two men resembling security guards appeared behind Amy, and grabbed hold of her. “You see, I’ve developed a medicine that will allow me to restore my body and become stable again. I’m very clever like that. But at the moment, the medicine will only allow me to become human, so I’ll be mortal, and pathetic.” He looked over at Amy at this point. “So I need something from a human who has been in the time vortex, more specifically their urine. Then I will be able to regenerate and become all-powerful again. Great plan isn’t it?”

Amy was handcuffed against a large pole at this point. “You’re sick you know. Just sick. Who are you?”

“He’s the master, he should be dead, but he always seems to find a way of surviving.” the doctor explained, while applying his sonic screwdriver against the bubble.

“It’s not going to work Doctor, these bubbles won’t allow you to escape for six hours. But by that time, young Amy will have emptied her bladder for me, and I’ll be free to take over the world.” The master cackled.

“Don’t worry Doctor, I won’t let him!” Amy screamed, wishing she was more confident. Her bladder had filled up rapidly, after the strain of holding for so long before. In normal circumstances, she would have gone to the toilet again, but obviously she couldn’t, as the pole was in her way.

“Oh you will, don’t worry.” The master exclaimed, as a security guard appeared with a large bottle of water. “Drink up.”

The security guard held the water to her mouth, but Amy resolutely kept her mouth shut. He aggressively grabbed her nose, patiently waiting for her to gasp for breathe. Amy held on, but eventually had to open her mouth, at which point the bottle of water was poured down her reluctant throat. Amy squirmed as she desperately tried to force the guard away. Within minutes, the water was finished, and Amy could already feel the effect on her bladder. She shifted in her position, but didn’t want to give away too much to the master.

“How does it feel?” the Master asked.

“You’re sick.” Amy stubbornly crossed her arms.

“Oh don’t worry, there’s more.” The master laughed. The guard used a de-fabricator on her, exposing her naked body. Amy screamed, trying to cross her legs to hide her private parts from the master, while lifting her arms to try and hide her breast. A guard took a silver pair of underwear, which looked almost like tight fitting boxers, and forcibly placed them on Amy.

“What are you doing?!!” Amy cried.

“Oh, these will allow me to receive your urine as soon as your pathetic human bladder allows me too. As soon as you urinate, it will transfer to my laboratory, ready for use in my medicine. It’s new technology from the cyber world, exciting isn’t it?”

“Can I at least put my clothes back on?” Amy requested, tears running down her face.

“Urgh, fine, #2, help her with her clothes.” The master gestured towards the pile of clothes which lay on the floor. As the guard put her clothes back on her naked body, Amy considered how she was going to get out of this one.

An hour passed, the Master growing more impatient while Amy refused to show anything. In truth, she was really quite desperate by this point. In fact, she could barely think of anything else at this point, other than the loo. She was finding it very difficult to resist the urge to cross her legs or bounce up and down in desperation. Suddenly a large explosion occurred, the master leapt up to his feet. Amy had to use all her willpower to prevent the shock triggering a leak of pee into her knickers, and bit her lip as she clenched her peehole muscles.

“Argh, it’s coming from the laboratory.” He ran off before turning around. “You two, stay here and watch the human,” he told the security guards.

Using his physic paper, the Doctor tried to reveal a message to Amy.

“I’ve temporarily disabled the machine, but you need to wet yourself now.”

“I can’t” she mouthed. She really couldn’t, she tried to release her bladder, but she had gone shy. She crouched down in the corner, and focussed her mind, finally a trickle escaped. She knelt down, trying to hide from the security guards. The Doctor saw a stream leaving her black tights, which Amy tried desperately to contain, and avoid becoming a loud blast. Her smile gave her away, as she was delighted to finally relieve her poor bladder. She felt her pee stream down her legs and squelch in her shoes, but she was beyond caring. The stream finally stopped as the master came back in the room.

“NO! WHAT HAPPENED?!!” the master screamed.

“Sorry, that was my bad. Just disabled your little machine.” The Doctor grinned.

The master stared at her wet patch in anger. “My plans have been ruined!” he yelled. “Oh wait, except you’ve only temporarily disabled the machine, you moron. Well done, you’ve delayed me by one hour, and made things more difficult for both of you.”

“What do you mean?” the Doctor asked.

“Guards, lock him up,” the Master ordered. The guards knocked the sonic screwdriver out of his hand and forced the Doctor into a large metal chair, strapping his hands and legs in to restrict movement. “And you!” he yelled, gesturing at Amy, now uncomfortably damp. He grabbed a large bottle of water, and forced it down her throat as he had done before. Amy hadn’t managed to fully empty her bladder before, so she already needed the toilet again. Once the Master had emptied the whole bottle in her mouth, he proceeded to turn on a projection of a waterfall.

###

"Doctor, I can't hold it!" Clara crouched down on the floor, hands pressed tightly against her crotch, knees bent together.

"Hang on, the teleport's active, just one minute." A second later, Clara was lying on the floor of the TARDIS, in agony with her full bladder. A spurt escaped into her panties, slightly dampening her tights.

"Here you go!" the Doctor passed her a small empty water bottle, which Clara gladly accepted. She pulled her tights and knickers down, positioning her peehole into the top of the bottle. She let out a gasp of relief as her hot urine trickled into the bottle. However she became aware had how rapidly the bottle was filling up, and tried to control her release so she could make it to the loo. Before she knew it, her pee was splashing against the bottle which was now full to the brim with liquid. She desperately clenched her peehole, and pulled up her panties, in a desperate attempt to make it to the toilet.

Leaving her skirt and tights on the floor, she frantically danced on the spot, releasing several spurts of wee into her knickers in the process. Her bladder was so full she couldn't even run to make the loo on time, as she was forced to slowly mince her way to the toilet, keeping her thighs tightly pressed together. A hot burst of pee dampened her exposed legs, while a now visible wet patch appeared on her purple panties. She finally made the toilet, sitting down and releasing the remainder of her wee into her panties, as she moaned in ecstasy. Removing her saturated knickers, she sat on the toilet completely naked, as the Doctor tentatively walked in.

"Someone must have been desperate!" he exclaimed.

"So when can I hear the rest of the story?" Clara asked.

"Go on then..." the Doctor replied, preparing to resume Amy's tale of desperation.

