Just Let it Out ch1

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-01-06 00:32

Emily sat down on the slightly damp grass and rested her back against a tall oak tree. She let out a yawn and stretched her legs out, listening to the squawking and hoots of the nearby pidgy's and sparrows nesting in the trees up above. Emily began digging through her bag tossing out empty food wrappers and bottles of water, which took up about 75% of her backpack. "Where did I put that map?" She mumbled to herself, going through pocket after pocket. After about ten minutes she sighed realizing she probably dropped it at the opening of the Viridian Forest. "Now what?" she asked herself realizing she was hopelessly lost.

Emily was the 16 year old absent minded younger sister of Ash Ketchum whom no one knew about. Only the few residents of Pallet town even knew Ash had a younger sister. She was only six when Ash left on his Pokémon journey and she couldn't wait until she left on hers. Back then she idolized her older brother, wishing she could be like him someday. When she finally turned 10 she was prevented from going due to an illness. She had begged and pleaded with her mother to let her go, but with her poor health, there was no way. She was forced to stay back as she watched tearfully as her friends got their starter Pokémon from professor oak and left her behind.

The months flew by and soon Ash was making a name for himself. Soon it felt like she didn't even have an identity anymore. Everyone knew her not as "Emily" but as "Ash's' Sister" Soon that idolization turned slowly into resentment as people only approached her to ask about her brother and talk of his accomplishments.

Emily shook her head, trying to shake away those memories. That was six years ago she told herself. Things are going to be different now she thought as she stood up and brushed the leaves and dirt off her jeans. I'm a little late but I'm finally here! I'm going to surpass Ash! I'm going to be the new Pokémon master!...as soon as I find my way out of this forest. She said with a sigh.

Alright first step, she thought to herself, gotta clean up this mess. She looked to her left and noticed a trash can about a quarter mile walk away then looked down. I think I can make it in one trip. Emily collected her things and with arms completely full, started the trek to the trash can. "Almost there," she reassured herself but suddenly her foot snagged on a vine and down she went sending her stuff flying in every direction. Emily moaned into the ground, slowly raising her head until she came face to face with a pair of black eyes and yellow fangs. "AHHHHH!" Emily screamed jumping to her feet and racing behind a tree in record time.

Emily took deep breaths trying to calm herself down. She soon heard laughing coming from the direction she ran from and peeked her head around the tree. She saw a girl around her age laughing as she let a purple field mouse run along her arm and onto her shoulder. "I'm so sorry." The girl said although she continued to laugh. "I didn't mean to scare you, I saw you trip and went to see if you were ok. I've just never seen someone react to a Rattata like that before."

Emily couldn't help but smile back at the girl. "I'm fine." She said eyeing the rat perched on the girls shoulder. I hate mice.

"Here let me help you." The girl said as she bent down and started collecting the bottles that now littered the forest floor.

"Thanks," Emily said truly appreciating the help. She looked over at the girl and very quickly turned a bright shade of pink as she accidently got a good look down her shirt. Emily's heart began beating twice as fast and her palms began to sweat. What the hell? she thought to herself as she quickly looked away. Why do I suddenly feel so nervous?

"My name's Anna. What's your name?" the girl asked after they finished clearing out the forest.

"E-Emily." She stuttered back.

"Aren't you hot with that jacket on?" Anna asked looking Emily up and down. "It's got to be 90% humidity in this forest."

"I feel better with it on." Emily said hugging herself. "I feel naked without it." Although it is really hot now that I think about it she thought as she felt beads of sweat rolling down her face and chest.

"So what are you doing in the forest, Anna?" Emily asked unconsciously shifting from foot to foot.

"Oh, I was collecting herbs for the nurse Joy in Cerulean City. I'm an intern at the Pokémon center there. She's teaching me how to make potions. What are you doing out here?"

"Wow that sounds really neat! How did you end up as an intern?" Emily asked interested. She'd yet to meet a nurse Joy although she had already had a run in with an officer Jenny earlier today much to her displeasure.

"Well Pokémon battles have never been my thing, but I love Pokémon none the less. Isn't that right little TaTa" Anne said letting the Rattata on her shoulder rub up against her cheek affectionately. Emily's stomach did a little flip and wondered to herself eww how could you love a rat?

"You never answered my question about what you were doing here you know." Anne pointed out taking note of all the shifting and squirming Emily was doing. I wonder if she drank all of those bottles today. No wonder she has to pee.

"Well todays actually my first week out on the road. I saw a Pikachu run into the forest and I wanted to catch it. Then well, I got lost and realized I lost my map." Emily admitted as she started to realize how badly she needed to pee.

"Did you check your pockets?"

"Of course I checked my pock-oh…" Emily said with a blush as she pulled her map out. "Let's see, it says I'm here and if I just follow this trail then I should reach Cerulean city in an hour. " Then I can find a bathroom. Doesn't look like there's one anywhere around here.

"Hate to break it to you, but you're holding the map upside down." Anne said taking it from her and showing Emily where they were. It's about a four hour journey from here. "If you want I could lead you there. I'm headed back there myself. I could use some company"

"No, really you don't have to go through that much trou-" BZZZZZZ! "I humbly accept your offer!" Emily screamed running away from the beadrills hive. Anne just shook her head and followed the screaming Emily.

An hour into their journey Emily could barely keep it together, constantly grabbing herself when she thought Anna wasn't looking, completely unable to stay still. Anna wondered why Emily didn't excuse herself and just go. At this point Emily was about as subtle as a bulldozer and Anna was sure she wasn't going to make it much longer. She had asked Emily if she had wanted to stop several times now, but she kept saying she was fine. Although anyone could clearly tell she was lying.

"How much longer till we get there?" Emily asked through gasps of breath.

"We still have a few more hours. How about we take a break I'm getting tired too." Anne said sitting on a log. "You want to tell me what's wrong?"

"Nothing." Emily lied crossing her legs. What's with this girl? Anna thought to herself then she remembered something that Emily had said about her jacket, about her feeling naked without it. Then it clicked. She's just really shy. Is that really all that's wrong? I just need to get her to relax.

"Hey, Em. Can you come with me for a sec? I need to pee, but I don't want to go alone. I'm afraid of the forest at night and it's getting kind of dark." Anna lied.

Emily turned a dark shade of pink. Ugh don't mention the word pee she thought. She was running out of time and she knew it. She took a step toward Anna and froze. She felt a spurt shoot out along with a sharp pain and quickly grabbed herself. Oh no I'm going to wet myself in front of Anna. Warm tears blurred her vision and started to fall down her face.

"Look, I know you have to go so just go. Why are you torturing yourself? If you're waiting to find a bathroom you're looking at it." Anna said as a matter of fact while motioning her hand towards the foliage surrounding them. Anna spun around to face her friend after receiving no reply only to find her glued to the spot with tears rolling down her face as she clutched her side.

"Em, can you move?" Anna asked a bit worried for her new friend. Emily shook her head as she felt another leak escape causing a burning pain. "Then just go here. "

"I-I can't." Her face now closely resembling the shade of a cherry.

"Look, there's nothing to be embarrassed about, we're both girls here. I'll go away for a sec an-"

"No, I mean, I don't know how… "Emily mumbled embarrassed to admit the reason.

"Oh, is that all?" Anna laughed with her back turned away. "Why didn't you just ask? I would have walked you through it. Ok first, pull your pants down."

"I can't get them off! I can't undo the button." Emily whimpered after a moment of fiddling with her pants.

"Here" Anne said coming closer as Emily's face grew redder and redder.

Anna drew her pocket knife and cut the button off as Emily struggled with her pants. Anna sighed and moved Emily's shaking hands away and with one swift motion pulled everything down and lightly pushed her against a tree.

Emily shrieked trying to cover herself, while tears continued to fall.

"Now all you have to do is squat and let it out."

Anna turned her back as she waited for her friend to relieve herself. Emily tried to calm herself down, and squatted lower trying to relax her aching bladder, but nothing came out. She tried thinking of the ocean, and of running water, but still nothing but a few drops and mounting pain.

After a few minutes Anna started to worry that she embarrassed Emily too much.

"Everything alright back there?" she called out.

"No." Emily whimpered back.

"Em, are you ok?" Anna asked rushing towards her new friend who was collapsed in a ball on the forest floor in pain. "What hurts?"

"My side and lower stomach."

"When did the pain start?" Anna asked looking her over for any bites or wounds.

"When I got really desperate. I tried to go but it burned too badly."

"Alright. Just sit tight and try to relax. I'll get nurse Joy on the line." Anne punched a few buttons on her transceiver and a hologram image of the pink haired nurse appeared.

"Oh, Anna, what can I do for you? Did you have a question about the ingredients?"

"No, actually my friend here is in a bit of trouble."

"What seems to be the problem?" the nurse asked, a bit concerned.

"Well, it seems to be her bladder. She says it hurts so much that she can't move. She was on the verge of wetting herself just a few minutes ago, but now she can't go. "

"Hmm, feel around under her belly button and tell me what it feels like."

"Eh," both Anna and Emily said at the same time.

"Anna, part of being a nurse is dealing with human patients too. Do you want to help your friend or not?"

"Sorry, Em, you heard her." Anna put her hand on Emily's stomach and felt around. "It feels hard as a rock. Not to mention she's burning up." Anna moved her hand from Emily's stomach to her forehead

"Oh dear, sounds like an infection. " Nurse Joy said. "I'm sending my pidgeott to come get you, she needs to see a dr. in the meantime try to help her release as much as she can, or it's going to be a painful ride."

"Release…?"

"If she doesn't pee by the time my pidgeot arrives the Dr. will have no choice but to insert a catheter. I don't think she'll enjoy that. " And with that Nurse Joy signed off.

"What's a catheter?" Emily quietly asked slightly afraid to find out.

"Nothing you want to experience. " Anna said digging through her bag and pulling out plastic tarp and laying it out on a grassy patch. "You don't look to comfortable laying there on those rocks there so I'm gonna try and lay you down on this. "Small steps, there you go" Anna encouraged as Emily winced in pain with each movement. Emily wobbled as Anna caught her and laid her on the plastic sheet. "Alright now no matter what keep relaxing and try to pee."

"But your thing." Emily said weakly.

"Don't even worry, it's just a tarp if you go it will just flow off onto the ground. Now just relax." Anna encouraged as she pulled off Emily's pants completely wincing slightly at the sight of blood. Emily nodded and closed her eyes trying not to think of the fact that this girl she just met was looking at her naked lower half. "Emily, are you on your period?" Anna asked hopefully but the girl shook her head. Anna was afraid of that. She pressed slightly on the girls' stomach in different locations asking if it hurt until she got to one particular spot on her side as Emily yelped in pain. Anna took notice of a now slight puddle between the younger girls' legs and breathed a sigh of relief.

"Emily, this might hurt a bit but I promise you'll feel better soon. Just keep relaxing." Anna then began to gently message the tender area of the girls' side, as Emily grimaced and clutched the edges of the sheet. After a few minutes Anna rubbed and noticed she no longer clutched the sides of the tarp. "Emily, does it still hurt to the touch?"

"No," Both girls breathed a sigh of relief. "Ok, I think you'll be able to go now. So relax and try to pee again." Emily took a deep breath in and then out and soon a faint hissing and pattering sound could be heard as Anna saw the tiny puddle expanding and then suddenly stop as Emily whimpered in pain.

"No, you're doing good! Keep going!"

It hurts." Emily moaned curling into a ball.

"I know, Em, It's gonna hurt but you gotta let it out. It's the only way you're going to get better."

"I'm scared."

"Shh, it's ok. It'll be ok. "Anna held the girls hand and continued rubbing the girls back, but she wouldn't relax again. Hmm Anna thought to herself as she remembered the previous events of how she met Emily. I think I have an idea. She rolled Emily on to her back and let her rest her head on Anna's lap as Anna peacefully ran her fingers through the girls black hair until Emily drifted into a light sleep. She then quietly reached into her shirt pocket and pulled out her little friend and gently placed it on the sleeping girls chest.

A few minutes later Emily woke to the sound of light squeaking and the sight of little black eyes with yellow fangs. The sound of shrill screams could be heard followed by a loud pattering sound that grew louder every second along with a continuous stream of urine flowing down the edge of the tarp letting Anna know her evil plan had worked perfectly.

Emily grunted but as the pain passed soon she relaxed until she realized what she was actually doing. She tried to jump up, but Anna held her down. She kept combing through the girls hair with her fingers as she watched Emily's face turn three different shades of red as her bladder continued to empty whether she wanted it to or not.

"That's it, keep going, you're doing great" Anna praised as Emily buried her face in her hands as her stream finally slowed to a trickle as a giant bird swooped down and stared at the two of them.

"Well, that's our ride." Anna announced. Let's get you cleaned up then we can go." She dug out a water bottle from her pack and poured it onto Emily's legs and the tarp, washing away any evidence of what had occurred. She dried her legs off with a towel and helped her manage to put her pants back on then wrapped her in a blanket. Her shaking seemed to be getting worse as Anna helped her onto the pidgeotts back then climbed on after.

Anna kissed the top of Emily's head as Emily leaned back into Anna's' arms and whispered "Thank you." before drifting off into unconsciousness.

*003*2015-01-06 06:38

Will do! Thank you for the honest feedback.

Chapter Two

Emily laid back in her bed as she waited for the dr. to come see her. She looked over at Anna and blushed. Emily stared for a moment as she thought Wow she’s really pretty. The way her hazel colored hair fell just a bit past her shoulders. Her black rimmed glasses magnified her bright blue eyes, not to mention her near perfect figure and. “Wait! What am I thinking?” Snap out of it Em! She thought to herself. It’s just the fever talking.

Emily closed her eyes. Ugh I can’t believe what happened today. She thought as she let the day’s events play in her mind. That was so embarrassing! Peeing in front of some girl I barely know while she praised me as if I was a toddler making it to the toilet for the first time. She grimaced at the thought causing Anna to come over out of concern.

“How are you feeling?” Anna asked, as Emily avoided eye contact with her. “Does it still hurt?” Emily nodded and rubbed her lower belly. She could feel the pressure starting to build back up. Just then the girls heard a knock on the door followed by the dr. entering and introducing herself.

“Hello, Ms. Ketchum, I’m Dr. Page. How are you feeling? Can you tell me a little about what’s going on?”

“My lower stomach hurts, and I’m having some trouble, uh, going.” Emily admitted as she intensely examined the blanket that covered her as if it would tell her the answers to life.

“Alright, let me take a look.” Dr. Page said as she lifted up Emily’s shirt and gently pressed around. Emily winced in pain as the Dr. began pressing on her side. “Hmm, the problem seems to be your right kidney. It’s a bit inflamed but not too bad. I’m going to have my assistant come and give you a more thorough examination.” Dr. Page wheeled her chair backwards and shouted out into the hall, “Captain Waddlesworth, could you please come to exam room two.” Emily wondered what kind of Dr was named “Captain Waddlesworth”

“He gets a little offended when I don’t call him captain.” Dr Page explained. This guy must be crazy Emily thought to herself.

“Oh! It’s been a while since I’ve seen the captain.” Anna said.

“Yeah, you hardly ever leave the ground floor.” Dr. Page commented turning her attention towards her.

“Nurse Joy keeps me so busy running errands for her. Once this phase of my training is complete she’s going to have me come up here and help you with human patients.”

“Wait.” Emily said confused. “I thought you said you worked at the Pokémon center.”

“We are at the Pokémon center.” Anna explained. “Well the first two floors anyway. The third floor is a hostel for Pokémon trainers to sleep and get cleaned up and the fourth floor is where we treat trainers who are injured or sick. You were asleep when the Machokes brought you in on the stretcher.”

“What is taking the captain so long?” Dr. Page said. “He’s probably flirting with the interns again.”

Anna laughed and said “The captain has always had a way with the ladies.” Emily decided she didn’t like this captain person very much as she imagined him to be some egotistical jerk. Just then the door creaked open and there stood the captain. Emily’s jaw dropped, he was not at all what she had expected.

“He’s a Pokémon?” Emily asked in disbelief. The psyduck, known as Captain Waddlesworth, stood there and cocked his head sideways. He was wearing a tiny lab coat and stethoscope around his neck.

“Yep.” Dr. Page answered. “The captain and I go way back. He was actually my very first Pokémon. You see psychic Pokémon can be very useful when trained properly in diagnosing illnesses. They can learn to telepathically communicate with your body to find out exactly what’s ailing you. Have you ever been telepathically linked to a Pokémon before?”

Emily shook her head.” I’ve only been to the family Dr. in Pallet town, and no Pokémon were involved.”

“Ah yes, Pallet town. They are a little behind on the times there. The first time linking with a Pokémon can be a little scary, but try not to fight it. Are you ready?”

Emily nodded and laid back down in the bed. Captain Waddlesworth hopped up on the stool next to her and placed a hand on her head and soon Emily’s life was flashing before her eyes.

Emily was four years old again as she walked into the kitchen to find her mom crying at the table. Her father had packed his things and up and left in the middle of the night. Next she was six and Ash was teaching her how to ride a bike with no training wheels. Then at eight as her mom was teaching her how to bake cookies when she suddenly collapsed on the ground as she had her first of many seizures. She saw herself getting left behind by her friends while she was stuck at home watching day time talk shows about people falling in love with their Pokémon. Lastly she was back in the Viridian Forest, peeing uncontrollably while someone watched.

Emily gasped for air as she found herself back in her hospital bed covered in sweat as tears streamed down her face. Anna rushed over and threw her arms over Emily’s shoulder pulling the shaking girl into a hug.

“Hey, don’t cry it’s over. You’re okay, everything’s okay. Shh” Anna whispered in Emily’s ear instantly calming her down some. Captain Waddlesworth hopped down from the stool and touched Dr. Page’s hand. The Doctors’ eyes went blank for a moment as the psyduck reported its findings followed by a yawn as he walked out the door.

“The captain has informed me you’re dealing with three kidney stones and a Urinary Tract Infection. Also you have a history of seizures is that correct?” Emily nodded as she shifted in her bed noticing how uncomfortable and wet she felt from sweating. This can happen for a number of reasons like calcium build up, but that doesn’t seem accurate given your age. Have you been holding your bladder for long periods of time?”

“No,” Emily answered while Anna answered “Yes.” At the same time causing Emily to blush.

“That’s not healthy, you should find someplace to go as soon as you feel the urge. Holding it in for excessive amounts of time can lead to infections, like the one you have now.” Dr. Page scolded. “What we are going to do is hook you up to an IV for 24 hours that will administer a medicine to help break up the stones and also a diuretic to help you pass them, but first let’s get you cleaned up.” The Dr said dropping her voice a bit. “The captain also informed me you’ve had a bit of an accident during the link. Don’t worry though” she quickly added as she noticed Emily’s face losing color. “That can sometimes happen during the first time for those with weak bladders.” Emily lifted up her blanket and peeked inside as her face turned bright red as she confirmed what the dr. said was true. “Anna, would you mind helping her into the shower while I find someone to take care of the bedding?”

“No problem.” Anna said as she peeled back Emily’s blanket revealing the large wet patch under the young girls legs. Emily’s face turned a mixture between red and purple as she quickly stared out the window as she wondered “how many times will Anna see me like this.”

“Don’t worry. Everyone’s reaction is different during their first link” Dr. Page said trying to cheer her up. “I was the Dr. on call when your brother did his first link. The whole time he kept muttering, “Oohh Gary!” over and over while humping his pillow. It took two days for my intern to stop blushing. Emily finally cracked a smile while Anna led her down the hall to the showers.

“Do you need help or do you think you got this?” Anna asked while pulling a towel down and handing it to her.

“I got this.” Emily said. “I think I’ve gone through enough embarrassment for one day” she said to herself.

“Alright, just yell if you need anything.” Anna said as she walked down the hall to consult with Dr. Page.

“Oh, Anna,” the dr said as she saw her coming down the hall. “I just got off the phone with Nurse Joy, while Emily is staying with us, you will be her official sitter. I’ll be placing her on a potent and fast acting diuretic. Given her condition and weak bladder I’ve decided she will need to stay in diapers for the remainder of her stay here. I know she won’t be very happy about this, but please encourage her to go as soon as the urge hits her, or else the infection will just become worse. If you catch her trying to hold it in or if she isn’t going at least once an hour place your hand against her lower abdomen and push down for 30 seconds. This will cause her to involuntarily wet, but use it as a last resort in case it causes her pain. Also, make sure to change her often and use lots of baby powder so she doesn’t develop a rash. Also, if she puts up a fight feel free to use your Pokémon to restrain her.”

“Oh, uh, alright.” Anna said trying to take it all in. This is not going to be a fun night.

*004*2015-01-06 06:50

Chapter Three

“No way!” Emily said in disbelief as she stared from Anna, to the laid out diaper on her bed, then back to Anna. “You’re crazy if you think I’m going to wear that.”

“Em, you heard what Dr. Page said. Once the IV’s in you can’t get back up” Anna said as she motioned for Emily to lay down on the bed.

“Can’t you just unhook me?” Emily pleaded looking desperately for any way out of this situation.

“I’m not a nurse yet, I can’t touch the IV without Dr. Page or Nurse Joy present. Even if you paged someone to come take it out, the diuretic is so fast acting that by the time someone came and unhooked you it would already be too late.”

“Look, the sooner we do this the sooner you’ll get better, and then you can go back on your way.”

“I-I c-can’t do this, please no.” Emily begged backing away.

“It will be fine, I promise.” Anna whispered, walking slowly toward the scared girl and wrapping her arms around her. Emily eventually hugged her back, her face sporting a bright blush as she rested her head on Anna’s shoulder and let Anna’s reassurances calm her down. “That’s it, come with me.” She said leading her toward the bed. “Now just lay down and I’ll take care of the rest.”

Emily sighed and did as she was told. She let out a “Eep!” and tried covering herself out of reflex as Anna lifted up her hospital gown toward her stomach.

“Hands to your sides.” The brunette said as she brushed her hands away as she positioned the pink diaper under her and began the powdering process. “Almost done. See, it’s not that bad, I personally find the smell of baby powder to be quite relaxing.”

Emily slowly nodded her head in agreement while her eyes were firmly shut with her sweaty fists balled up at her side. The monitor that was recording her heart rate started beeping wildly as Emily’s breathing became out of control.

“Emily, what’s wrong?” Anna asked as she finished taping up the diaper.

“It hurts to breathe…I- I can’t breathe, everything’s spinning! I gotta get out of here!” Emily said in a panic as she tried to jump up out of the bed. Anna quickly jumped in front of her and held her tight.

“Shh, it’s okay. It’s going to be okay.” Anna whispered to Emily while rubbing her back.

“Wh-Why. . . can’t. . . I breathe?” Emily asked gasping for air as the monitor displayed her heart rate at 174 BPM.

“You’re okay, you’re having an anxiety attack. Just try to match my breaths, okay? Breathe in. . . and out. In. . .and out.” Anna instructed as she held the trembling girl close to keep her from bolting out the door. She continued coaching the girl as she watched her heart rate on the monitor drop back into normal range after a few minutes. She kept an arm around her as she sat the both of them on the bed. “You want to tell me what’s wrong?” she asked after a few moments of silence. Emily just shook her head. “Are you sure, I might be able to help?”

“It’s just embarrassing.” Emily mumbled into Anna’s shoulder.

“There’s no need to be embarrassed. It’s just me who will be changing you, and I’ve already seen eve-“

“Don’t remind me.” Emily moaned.

“You know I was once in your position too. I was hiking up a cliff, fell and broke my leg in three places. After surgery they kept me in diapers for a week while I was in the hospital.” Anna admitted turning red herself at the memory.

“Weren’t you embarrassed?” Emily asked looking up at her.

“Extremely, and there was this really cute orderly in charge of cleaning my room too.”

“What happened?”

“Well, on the second day I ended up getting sick from the hospital food. I ended up getting really bad diarrhea, but I was so against the thought of messing myself that I kept trying to hold it in. I was almost about to just give up and let go but then that orderly walked in. The previous day we had been talking about our favorite pokemon so he said he’d show me his favorite. When he saw me with a really pained look on my face, he thought I was just depressed about being in the hospital. He tried to cheer me up by letting his growlithe out and ordering it to go lick my face. It ran across the room and leapt right onto my stomach.” Anna said with a pained look on her face.

“No! It didn’t!” Emily exclaimed totally engrossed in her story. “What happened after that?”

“The result sounded like a machine gun had been fired off in the room, that growlithe took off whimpering under the bed and the owner just stared at me in shock until the smell hit him. He ran out of the room gagging and I never saw him again.” Anna sighed her face now flushed red from reliving her most embarrassing moment. The girls looked at each other for a moment before busting up laughing.

“That’s so terrible.” Emily said through her smile.

“See, you have nothing to worry about. Embarrassing things happen to everyone, plus I know everyone that’s going to be in and out of this room and not one of them is cute.” Anna said with a smile relieved to see Emily had finally calmed down.

“That’s not true.” Emily said quietly as she laid back down in her bed. “There’s you.” She admitted barely above a whisper.

“Aww, that’s so sweet of you to say. “ Anna said happily, completely oblivious to Emily’s true meaning.

The girls heard a knock on the door and turned to see Dr. Page letting herself in. She greeted them and began filling Emily in on what was about to happen.

“I’m going to be starting the IV. So here’s the plan. We will be administering an anti-biotic to help with the infection, and also every hour on the hour a diuretic will automatically be dispensed into your Iv to help flush out your system. The first few times you go might be a bit painful, but that’s just the stones passing. It’s very important that you go at the first sign of needing to, or else your infection will just get worse. Any questions?”

“Do I really have to use diapers? Can’t I just get up and go to the bathroom?” Emily asked knowing it would be a long shot.

“No, we need to check and see if the stones are passing or not and the easiest way to do that is while we change you. Not to mention we don’t want to risk anymore accidents.”

“Wh-what if I have to umm, you know, GO?” Emily asked quietly while facing her blanket.

“Well, then you just go and Anna here will change you.”

“But if I did that, then you wouldn’t be able to tell if there were any stones.” Emily threw in. “Why not let me up to use the bathroom if I have to really go. Please.”

Dr. Page thought it over for a few moments before finally agreeing. “Fine, but here are the rules. You can only get up between 15 minutes past the hour and be back in bed no later than 15 minutes till for the timed medication. If you need to go in between those times, I suggest you simply use your diaper. Before you will be allowed up, you will be required to release your bladder at least once after the diuretic is given to ensure there is no retention of fluids.”

Damn Emily thought to herself I thought I could get away with not having to use a diaper at all. Emily nodded in agreement to the terms while Dr. Page began preparing the IV.

“Ugh.” She quietly moaned as the needle punctured her skin.

“There, all set. Now Anna will be staying here with you during your treatment so if you need anything, like some water or a change, don’t be afraid to speak up. The first dose of the diuretic has already been administered, so when you feel it take effect, don’t hold it. Very important.”

Emily sighed and nodded as tried to make herself as comfortable as possible. The Dr waved good bye and set off to check on her other patients leaving the two girls alone once again.

‘So what kind of pokemon do you have with you?” Anna asked after a moment of awkward silence.

“Oh, I have a charmander, ekans, and an evee.”Emily said, happy to get to a more comfortable conversation topic.

“An Evee?” Anna asked excitedly as her eyes lit up. “Can I see it? Please please please?”

“Hehe sure, can you bring me my bag? Now let’s see, here she is.” A red beam shot out of the pokeball she was holding and a pokemon appeared next to her on her bed.

“Oh my God she’s so cute! What’s her name?” Anna asked practically jumping up and down on the spot.

“Her name’s Nomine. My brother gave her to me on my 11th birthday since I wasn’t able to leave. She’s like my best friend.” Emily said looking down at Nomine affectionately, while lightly scratching behind its ears.

The girls began discussing their favorite types and moves until Emily suddenly felt a sharp pain in her lower stomach. Anna quickly took notice of the pained look on her face.

“Are you okay? What hurts?”

“It’s just that same sharp pain from before.” Emily said while she held her stomach.

“Oh, looks like the meds are working. I’m sure you’ll feel better once you go.”

“I-I’m fine, I don’t need to go.” Emily lied as her face turned a dark shade of red. She wasn’t prepared for the meds to have kicked in so fast.

“Just let me know when you need a change.” Anna said as she picked up a magazine and pretended to read it, while stealing glances over at Emily. She just sighed as she saw Emily shifting around uncomfortably underneath her blanket. “You’re only making this harder on yourself you know.”

“I’m not doing anything.” Emily protested while trying to “casually” change positions once again.

“All your squirming around is making ME have to pee. That diaper better be soaked by the time I get back.” Anna said as she stood up and walked out the door figuring she just needed a little privacy until she got used to it.

Emily stopped fidgeting after Anna left and tried to relax as best she could. Guess there’s no way around this. She thought to herself as she closed her eyes. I am sitting on a toilet. Emily kept repeating to herself over and over but to no avail. Her body kept clenching on its own whenever she was about to start. Maybe if I sat up. Nobody lays down on a toilet. She tried sitting up and swinging her legs over the bed but quickly laid back down once she started getting woozy from the fever.

Anna came back in and saw Emily lying on her back with her eyes shut tight. She assumed this meant she was ready for a change but when she pushed up the blanket she found the girl to still be dry.

“Emily, if you don’t pee in the next 30 seconds I’m going to get the Dr. and tell her you’re not co-operating and you are not going to like her methods.” Anna said trying to sound threatening.

“Please don’t do that. I’ve been trying to, it just won’t come out.” Emily whimpered.

“It’s okay, I understand. “Anna said dropping the act. She sat on the edge of the bed and after lifting up her hospital gown placed her hand over Emily’s bladder and applied a small amount of pressure to see if it hurt her. “How does this feel?”

“It hurts.” She winced. Anna instead started slowly rubbing the area.

“What about this?”

“That actually kind of feels good.” Emily shyly admitted.

“It’s just like back in the forest okay? Don’t worry about anything going on around you. Just focus on trying to pee.” Anna said not noticing her hand was inching slowly down the more she slowly rubbed atop the diaper. She kept her eyes on the clock knowing if Emily didn’t go on her own she’d have no choice but to force it out. She knew it would hurt the girl so she wasn’t quite ready to resort to that yet.

The blush on Emily’s face grew deeper and deeper. Her body suddenly felt very hot, but she didn’t think it was the fever. She felt Anna’s hand slowly going a bit lower and she quickly noticed the lower it went the better she felt. She just assumed Anna knew what she was doing and decided to close her eyes and enjoy it, completely oblivious as to why it felt so good.

Anna continued to rub the girls “bladder” not noticing her hand had left that area quite some time ago. Anna’s eyes were now fixed on the Evee as it let out a cute yawn and rolled onto its side, completely stealing all attention away from Emily. She felt the diaper growing slightly damp and figured her body was finally giving in.

Emily now grabbed the edges of the bed. She had no idea why but she was loving every second of this. She felt her diaper area growing a little damp and figured whatever the hell Anna was doing was working. “C-Could you rub a little faster. I think it’s working.”

“Yeah, sure “Anna answered as she sped her palm up “You’re just so beautiful, yes you are! I wish you were mine. That way I could take you home with me and we would cuddle in my bed every night “she said to Nomine as it rolled onto its back and stretched soaking up the attention.

Emily beamed. She thinks I’m beautiful and she wants to cuddle with me in her bed? Emily moaned as Anna’s palm sped up. “I think I’m gonna-“

“That’s right, Em, just let it out.”

“Ahh.” Emily moaned as she came and peed into her diaper. “I- I think you’re beautiful too. I really like you, I don’t care if you’re a girl” Emily panted out as she felt her lady bits continue to pulse and throb as she continued wetting herself without a care.

Anna heard the familiar hiss along with Emily’s moans and pulled her hand away. Wow, sounds like Emily’s feeling better now. Guess she really had to go. She finally looked up when she heard Emily’s strange comment and froze.

Emily laid back with her face flushed and covered in sweat while heavily panting. A slight bit of drool traced down her mouth and her nipples were clearly visible through her gown. Anna stared in shock.

“Hey E-Em? Where exactly was I rubbing you?” Emily pointed down a few inches past her bladder muscles.

“Oh my God. Oh my God. I just molested my first patient.” Anna said jumping up off the bed. “Emily, how old are you?”

“16.”

“Oh God I’m going to jail!”
