Just Let it Out ch1

Author: SashaButters

*005*2015-01-06 07:08

Chapter Four

“Anna, what’s wrong?” Emily asked concerned watching her normally cool and composed friend now pacing back and forth.

“I am so sorry, Emily, I had no idea I was doing that. If anyone finds out about what just happened I’ll be arrested for sure! I’ll definitely get kicked out of this program now and I’ll never get to be a nurse!” Anna said in a panic more to herself than anyone.

“What? Why? What are you talking about?” Emily asked confused as her senses were starting to return. “You didn’t do anything wrong, you were just trying to help me and it worked.”

“I wasn’t trying to help you like THAT! Why didn’t you say anything?”

“Say what? I still don’t understand what happened?” she asked starting to get more confused.

“I was trying to relax your bladder muscles by rubbing it so it would release on its own without me having to forcefully push down on it. I wasn’t trying to get you off. I’m not some pervert who randomly picks up young girls in the forest and then molests them.” Anna said sitting back down next to Emily. “Can you promise not to say anything to anyone else about this? Ahh! No wait that’s exactly what a pervert would say!”

“I’ll promise not to say anything if you promise to explain what happened. Why do I feel so weird?”

“Weird how?”

“When you were massaging me, I felt really um, hot down there and then it felt really good and started throbbing. Then it felt like I exploded and then I could go. Now it feels really weird, like an itch but up inside me.” Emily said shifting her legs back and forth.

“Don’t you know what that is?” Anna asked a bit dumbfounded. “Didn’t you ever get the talk?” Emily shook her head and kept shuffling about. “Oh, God.” Anna said as she covered her face with one of her hands. “Okay, umm, It sounds like you got a bit turned on when I was accidently rubbing your clit through the padding and judging from all the noises you were making plus the fact that you peed, you probably came. As for the itch, that’s just your body telling you it wants sex. It’s called being ‘turned on’.”

“Uhh. Uhh..” Emily moaned as her face turned bright red when she finally put the pieces together.

“Yeah, sorry about that.” Anna said while rubbing the back of her head and sporting a bright blush of her own. “I was playing with your Eevee and well guess I got a little distracted. Looks like I owe you dinner.” Anna laughed nervously. What she said though, Anna wondered, was she serious? I can’t return her feelings. She’s too young, I’m 19 and she’s 16. Not to mention we’re both girls.

Emily felt her eyes start burning with fresh tears. Of course Anna was talking to Nomine. Why would she say those things to a girl she barely knows, not to mention a girl sitting in a used diaper. Why would she be interested in someone like me?

She is kind of cute though Anna thought to herself as she blushed at the thought. Wait what am I thinking, I just molested the poor girl and now I’m crushing on her. Get yourself together before you actually turn into a pervert! You’re lucky she doesn’t call the police on you.

“Umm,” Emily said quietly, “Do you think you could do something about this?” She asked timidly pointing down to her waist as she shifted her legs again. “Please, it’s getting to be a bit uncomfortable.”

Oh No! Anna thought, I got her all worked up and now she’s asking me to finish the job. Anna imagined a scene in her head of Emily lying in her bed naked with her legs spread. “Anna!” Imaginary Emily moaned. “I can’t take this anymore it’s so uncomfortable, I want you so bad right now!”

Real Emily turned her head sideways in confusion as she watched Anna’s face turn red as her nose spouted blood. “Ahh! Anna, your nose is bleeding.

Anna snapped back to reality just in time to keep it from dripping to the floor. She quickly grabbed tissues and placed them by her nose. “Sorry about that, what was it you wanted?” Anna asked trying to come back down to reality.

“Could you, umm, change me please? It’s getting cold” Emily asked as she wondered if her face had discovered a new color yet.

Duh, I totally forgot about her diaper. I could hit myself, what the hell was I thinking?

“Yeah, of course. I’m sorry I should have changed you right away. That must be really uncomfortable.”

“And gross.” Emily added as she watched Anna digging through the cupboards.

“Alright. I’m ready.” Anna said as she set the supplies on the bed and pulled on a pair of disposable gloves. “Lay back please.” Anna could feel her heart begin to race as she began un-tapping the diaper. Calm down pervert she thought to herself as she began cleaning up Emily.

“Ugh.” Emily involuntarily moaned as she felt herself being wiped and felt a sudden shock.

“Sorry, you’re probably still sensitive from. . . earlier.” Anna said as she slid out the wet diaper and threw it away. “Lift your butt please. Thank you.” She said as she slid the new diaper under her and began spreading the powder around then quickly taped it up. “All done.”

“Th-Thank you.” Emily said shyly feeling much better as soon as she was out of the wet diaper. “And can you maybe get that nosebleed under control! Come here.” Emily said as she patted the space on the bed next to her.

Anna obeyed and sat down as Emily grabbed a tissue off the night stand by her bed and rolled it between her fingers. “Here, stick this up there. If that doesn’t work, maybe you should stick a tampon up there or something.” Emily teased. She looked into Anna’s face and smiled. She felt her heart start racing again. “Thank you for taking care of me.”

“It’s no problem at all.” Anna said smiling back and thought to herself wow her eyes are such a pretty green. My favorite color.

She leaned forward a bit closing the gap between them as Emily did the same. No wait what am I doing? Both girls thought simultaneously but it was too late. They’re lips suddenly met and they stalled, both unsure of what to do until Anna took the lead and kissed her softly. Emily soon kissed her back passionately while wrapping her arms around Anna’s neck. A minute soon turned to five as the two broke away in order to catch their breath. The girls stayed close and gazed into each other’s eyes.

“So about that dinner you owe me.” Emily said wearing the biggest smile she’d had in years. “You know, tomorrows my 17th birthday.”

Anna leaned back in and kissed her while whispering, “It’s a date.”

Chapter Five

The meowth wall clock that hung in the hospital room struck midnight as the plastic tail wagged back and forth. A light beeping could be heard from the hospital equipment letting Emily know another dose of the diuretic was being administered. Great Emily thought, she’d already soaked through five diapers in the last two hours and had only passed one of the three stones. She knew she only had about five to ten minutes until she’d have to go again.

Emily felt kind of bad for Anna having to change her so often, but she hated the feeling of sitting in a wet diaper even more than she hated the fact that her crush had to clean up after her. Emily felt even worse for making it so difficult for Anna by making up some kind of excuse for Anna to leave every time she had to go. Even though Anna practically saw her naked every half-hour, Emily just couldn’t pee with her sitting in a chair three feet away, save for the time she needed some “help”. She knew it was probably just her imagination, but the sound of her pee hitting the diaper just seemed so loud.

Anna knew what Emily really wanted every time she asked for water or an extra pillow so she knew to go ahead and change her when she returned. She thought it was kind of cute that Emily was so shy but this was exactly what got her into this mess in the first place. She’d have to talk to her about it, especially since it was getting late and she didn’t want to keep getting kicked out while she was trying to sleep.

“It’s getting kind of late what do you say we turn in for the night?” Anna said as she got up and starting pulling out the cot from the closet. She’d rather sleep in her own bed but she had to stay to incase Emily needed anything. Plus she knew patients would involuntarily wet every one to two hours in their sleep on that medication. The night diaper would last for about 4 hours but then they’d need to be changed or they’d leak.

“Yeah I am getting pretty tired.” Emily admitted letting out a yawn.

“Before you fall asleep I need to change you into a night diaper, so if you gotta go, go now.” Anna said as she started laying out the cot for herself smiling as she tried to guess what she’d ask her to leave for.

Emily looked down as she heard Anna telling her to go. She racked her brain trying to think of something to say. She did need to pee, but she couldn’t think of any reason to ask her to leave. She already had two blankets, three pillows, and a full glass of water on her night stand. She worried if she asked for privacy Anna would figure out she lied about needing all those things and get mad.

I guess I’ll have to go with her here, Emily thought to herself. But this is even harder than going while she’s here. She’s waiting for me to pee! I don’t know if I can do this. I can just lie and say I don’t have to but then I’d just wet the new one and I’d have to sit in it for who knows how long. Damn it now I really need to go. Emily looked back up and found Anna digging through the closet with her back to her. Guess now’s my chance. She closed her eyes and let go, a bit surprised by her body’s lack of resistance.

Anna finished collecting all the supplies she needed for the change, not bothering with gloves since she knew Emily would ask her to leave. She turned back around surprised Emily hadn’t said anything yet and saw the girl with her eyes closed while blushing a bit. Wait, is she actually peeing? Good for her. She looks cute when she pees. Wait why am I watching? Why am I walking closer?

Emily opened her eyes and saw Anna right next to her looking at her. Emily’s face grew red as she stared back at Anna whose face was also red. She couldn’t look away from her as she continued wetting herself but for some strange reason she didn’t want to stop. Peeing felt so good all of a sudden. She felt her lower half getting warm again but it wasn’t from urine.

Anna bit her lower lip the expression on Emily’s face was just so... so… sexy? She couldn’t stop herself from blurting out the question.

“Are you peeing?” Anna asked quietly even though she could hear it from where she was, she just really wanted to hear Emily say it.

“Yeah.” Emily quietly admitted unable to look away from Anna. “It feels good.”

That was it. Anna couldn’t stop herself from getting on the bed. She kept telling herself to stop but she couldn’t as she wrapped her arm around Emily and pulled her into a deep kiss. Emily was more than happy to oblige as she returned the kiss while pulling Anna on top of her. She began exploring Anna’s mouth with her tongue as she felt Anna do the same to her own. Anna broke the kiss but started again on the side of Emily’s neck.

“Tell me when you want to stop and I’ll change you.” Anna whispered into Emily’s ear before lightly nibbling on the bottom of it.

“Not yet.” Emily moaned as she attached herself to Anna’s lips once again. After a few minutes Anna smiled as she felt a pair of hands slowly reaching into her shirt.

“I need to get ready for bed, Emily.” Anna whispered seductively as she sat up now straddling the girl. “You can help me if you want.”

“How so?” Emily asked as she began lightly kissing Anna’s stomach.

“Well, the first thing I usually do is take off my bra.” Anna whispered as she grabbed Emily’s hands and guided them to the straps in the back. Emily’s heart began pounding as she began undoing the straps, a huge smile plastered on her face. Once she finally got it off she pulled it down and laughed. Pokeballs, should have known.

She moved her hands back around to the front as Anna nodded in approval before re-continuing their kiss. Emily inched her way up before coming in contact with Anna’s breasts. She froze for a moment before being given the go-ahead and latched on. She felt around the sides of each before moving to the tops getting a feel for the size.

They’re a lot bigger than mine Emily thought probably a D. She gave them a quick squeeze before starting to play with her nipples as she got a moan of approval from Anna in return. I hope she doesn’t do the same to me, there’s nothing up there to squeeze.

“Now what do you usually do?” Emily asked as she tried to distract her from any thoughts of her chest.

“Next come my shorts.” Anna said kissing down Emily’s neck.

Emily reached her arms out feeling Anna’s stomach and slowly making her way down her hips until she reached the top of her shorts then slowly began un-buckling them and slid them down. Emily stared for a moment, admiring Anna’s figure as she pulled off her shorts the rest of the way. Emily blushed as she felt a hand on the front of her cold, wet diaper beginning to rub her.

“You know,” Emily said with a grin on her face, “That’s not my bladder.”

“I know.” Anna laughed as she rubbed faster as Emily began to moan. “It’s cold, let me warm it back up for you.”

Emily’s lower half felt so hot despite the clammy diaper and she had to admit this felt even better wet than it did dry. She wrapped her arms around Anna as she unconsciously began pushing herself into Anna’s hand. Anna began kissing Emily again in order to quiet the girls’ moans as she kept up the rubbing.

“Are you about to cum?” Anna teased as she felt the girl start shaking under her.

“I’m…n-not sssur-AHHH!!” Emily moaned as she began feeling intense pleasure that far surpassed earlier.

“That’s it, Emily, go ahead and cum.” She encouraged as she firmly grabbed the girl’s diapered crotch as she felt Emily begin to orgasm as a jet of warm pee filled Emily’s diaper.

“Ooh, ahh! Mmmm.” Emily moaned. “This feels amazing.” She said as continued to pee as Anna held her. “So good” she panted.

Anna began kissing her as she waited for her to come down from her high. She was about to get off and change her but froze when she felt a hand slip into her panties.

“Hey, hey, Em. What are you doing?” Anna asked a bit startled.

“Returning the favor.” Emily answered smiling mischievously. “You’re all wet.” She said a bit puzzled.

“Well, yeah how could I not be?” Anna said as she accepted what was happening and closed her eyes enjoying every second as she let out a quiet moan.

“Why?” Emily asked innocently as she continued her not so innocent exploration of Anna’s nether regions.

“How are you so innocent yet so good at this?” Anna panted. For all Anna knew Emily was terrible having nothing to judge by for she herself had about as much experience as Emily. “When girls get excited they get wet down there. You probably didn’t notice because of your diaper.”

“Oh, I see.” Emily said as she continued to explore while taking in all the new information. “How come?”

“So things can be inserted.” Anna panted out not realizing the consequences of her words as Emily suddenly thrusted in two of her fingers.

“ARGHH” Anna moaned in pain and pleasure, not really sure of which. “Oh, ahh!!aa mnggg” Anna moaned as Emily began exploring her fingers new surroundings twisting them about and using her other hand to slide Anna’s panties off since they were soaked through. Emily wasn’t really sure if Anna was enjoying this or not so she tried sliding her fingers out only to get a louder moan in return so she quickly pushed them back in thinking she had hurt her.

“Yes!” Anna moaned “Do that again.” Emily obeyed slowly drawing her two fingers in and out as fluid began dripping down.

“You’re, umm, leaking.” Emily stated as she kept her rhythm.

“It’s ok, that’s normal.” Anna panted out. “Faster, please.”

“Does it feel good?” Emily asked amazed at the scene before her as she pumped her fingers faster.

“Good!” Anna almost yelled “So fucking good!”

Emily beamed with happiness knowing her actions were bringing her friend so much pleasure. She decided to start pumping her fingers as fast as she could as she inserted a third wondering what would happen.

“Ahh!! Ahh!!! Ahh!!!!!” Anna moaned “Oh no, Em, stop or I’ll cum!”

“Be my guest.” Emily smiled knowing how good it had made her feel, unknowing of impending shower that would result.

“If that…happens I’ll… pee on you! “ Anna managed to choke out between thrusts.

Emily was torn, she didn’t want to leave her friend hanging but Anna was right above her and she really didn’t want to become a human toilet. She scanned the area for some kind of solution and saw the cup of water on her nightstand. She quickly dumped it out and, with a few final thrusts pulled out and quickly held the empty cup under her right as a powerful orgasm rocketed through Anna’s body.

Anna grabbed the pillow next to her and held it over her mouth and screamed in ecstasy as she came and peed into the cup below her. She had never felt such intense pleasure before. She gasped for air as she continued to shake and empty herself; unknowing and currently uncaring of the whereabouts of her body’s contents.

Anna finally opened her eyes to a strange sound ready to apologize profusely for urinating onto the girl below her. She was a little shocked to see Emily smiling and looked down to see herself peeing into a cup held by Emily.

“Nice save.” Anna said “Damn it. Stop!” she moaned at her body as she tried but failed to stop the flow.

“Now you know how I felt.” Emily said laughing. “It’s ok, just go ahead and finish.”

Anna closed her eyes and sighed knowing she had no strength left in her body to fight it. She finally finished 15 seconds later to find the cup had long since over flowed on to Emily.

“I am so sorry.” Anna said as she jumped off and dumped the over flowing cup in the sink.

Emily just shrugged. “I already wet through the diaper earlier and it leaked on both of us.

Anna grabbed a couple towels from the cupboard and wrapped one around her waist and tossed the other over her shoulder. She unhooked the Iv from Emily and helped her up and noticed the giant wet spot under her. Leaked? More like gushed. She stripped the bedding and set it aside then got some fresh sheets and blankets.

“Now let’s get you in the shower.” Anna said guiding her out of the room and into the hallway towards the showers. She led her inside and closed the door behind them. She then turned the shower on and waited for the temperature to be just right before removing the soaked diaper and throwing it away along her hospital gown. Anna then turned to leave but felt Emily grab her shirt.

“Actually, umm, w-would you join me?” Emily asked a bit embarrassed. Anna smiled and figured why not, she’s broken about every rule today anyway why stop now. She hung up the towels and took off the last of her clothing and followed Emily in.

“Would you like me to wash you?” Anna offered. Emily smiled and nodded as she sat down on the stool. Anna grabbed the retractable shower head and wet down Emily’s hair then lathered it with shampoo.

“Ahh, this feels so good.” Emily said happily as she fully relaxed as Anna massaged her head. “How do you like interning here?”

“I love it” Anna said as she scrubbed Emily’s head smiling at her remark. “I get to travel a lot, see lots of different Pokémon and trainers and learn all about each one and how their different bodies act. Why the sudden interest?”

“I was just thinking, I had my first battle the other day.”

“Oh yeah. How’d it go?” Anna asked as she rinsed Emily’s hair.

“Not so well, I hated seeing my Pokémon get hurt. Maybe I’m not meant to be a trainer. I think I’d rather help them then watch them get hurt.” Emily said. “How did you become an intern here?”

“Through a recommendation.” Anna explained. “You can only get in through a recommendation from either a nurse joy or a level three intern.”

“Oh ok. Interesting.”

“I know this is kind of an awkward place to ask but, umm, would you. . . “Anna asked mumbling the last part.

“Huh? I didn’t catch that last part?”

“Well there’s an intern spot that opened and I was wondering you know since I’m a level three intern and you seem to be interested, if I put in a recommendation. Would you stay?” Anna asked.

“You’d do that for me?!” Emily nearly shouted as her face lit up. I-I yes of course I would. But, I don’t live around here.” Emily said her voice dropping.

Anna beamed.” That’s okay, we live here in the dorms for free as long as we work extra for it. The other thing I wanted to ask, since you said yes, was umm. Would you be my girlfriend?”

“What really?” Emily asked her face lit up until she heard the last part then got serious.

“Come here, Anna.”

“What?” Anna said nervously.”

“Closer. Closer. Even more.” Emily said until they were nearly nose to nose and then began kissing Anna under the stream of the shower. “Of course I’ll be your girlfriend.” Emily said as they broke apart.

Anna smiled happily when she heard Emily’s response. “Oh and by the way. Happy Birthday.”

“Best birthday ever.” Emily said and pulled Anna in for one more kiss.

*006*2015-01-06 07:23

CHAPTER SIX

"You didn't mention I'd have to pass a test and an interview." The young women hissed at the girl who sat beside her at orientation. The older blue eyed girl smiled innocently but kept her attention on the Cerulean City's Nurse Joy as she continued explaining about the program. Four years of hands on training, free room and board, and a guaranteed position for those who graduate. It all sounded so good to 17 year old Emily Ketchum who bounced her knees up and down from nerves. There's just one problem. They only accept three interns a year, and from what Emily could tell, there had to be at least 20 or so people here.

Emily sat back in her chair and shifted a bit trying to find a comfortable spot in the hard plastic chair as she continued listening but feeling a little less hopeful than before once she learned only the people who got an 80% or better on the exam got to go on to the second half of the selection process. The older girl who accompanied Emily gave her a worried look as she took notice of Emily's bouncing knee and inability to sit still. Why can't she just suck up her pride and listen to me for once thought 20 year old Anna as she thought of the two girls argument earlier that evening.

" Do you think you can hold it until this is over?" Anna asked mistaking Emily's nerves as a sign for needing the bathroom. Emily quickly snapped out of her trance unsure of what Anna meant. "You should have just worn it like I told you too."

"I'm fine." Emily quickly whispered back turning a bit red at the mention of what IT was.

It had been three months since Emily had been admitted to the Pokémon centers hospital wing. This very Pokemon center to be precise. Emily hated people looking after her and wanted very much to be independent. She was also very shy and self-conscious, in other words, a privacy freak. Being overly conscientious was what landed her in the hospital in the first place. She was admitted with a massive bladder infection that had traveled into her kidneys from holding her bladder for too long because she was too shy to admit she had to go while traveling with Anna.

The treatment plan had been less than ideal for a privacy freak like Emily, having been forced back into diapers for several days while her system was flushed out with a diuretic and saline solution. Not only that but it was her crush who was in charge of changing her and cleaning her up as if she was a helpless baby. Emily had to admit it wasn't all bad though considering she had gone in with a infection and came out with a girl friend. She blushed and turned red as she remembered their first and only night together so far. Things had gotten a little heated during one of her changes and next thing they knew they were enjoying a intimate shower together.

The following morning Anna had come to her senses and quickly put a stop to those kinds of activities but they had agreed to continue seeing each other and going on dates on the weekend. Anna was much more hush hush about her true relationship with Emily and insisted to everyone that they were just good friends and asked Emily to do the same if anyone asked. Emily didn't mind as she herself didn't quite understand what was going on, she had never considered the fact that she was gay and she didn't think she liked girls in general, but something about Anna had immediately grabbed her attention. She didn't like girls and she didn't really care for guys either, she just wanted Anna. Maybe she was just an Annasexual. She'd do anything for her. Well, almost anything.

"I brought it with me just in case. You'll be taking the test in a few minutes, and you won't be allowed to leave the room for two hours. I know the medication you're on makes control a little difficult for you, and I don't want you to have to worry or be distracted by that." Anna said pointing to her purse.

Emily had refused for what felt like a million times already. After the embarrassment she went through in the hospital Emily flat out refused to be put in a diaper, pull-up, good-night, depend or any other incontinent related item since, causing the loss of three pairs of pajama pants, two skirts and a sleeping bag. The medication Emily had to take since leaving the hospital made her bladder a bit weaker as a side effect and considering her bladder was never that strong to begin with was a problem. She had never told anyone of her occasional accident but when it came time for her 3 month check up that damn flightless duck scanned her again and ratted her out to the Dr. who then sent her off with a pack of diapers and instructions for Anna to make sure Emily wore them when there's no immediate bathroom so she wouldn't hold it and make herself sick again.

Emily assured Anna that she would use the bathroom before the test and she would be fine but when the orientation was finished they only had 10 minutes until they would begin the exam. Anyone late getting back would not be allowed to take the test. When Emily finally found the bathroom she was a bit distressed. She hadn't noticed before now that everyone here was girls until she saw the line leading outside of the Women's bathroom. She knew she wouldn't be able to get through the line before she would have to report for the test. She decided to stand in line anyway when she started to feel the familiar pressure start to build. Emily knew she'd never be able to hold it for two hours and by the time the line only moved by three people the five minute warning had been given. She sighed in defeat knowing she really had only one choice and returned to Anna.

"Okay, you win, Anna." Emily said looking embarrassed. " I'll wear it." she whispered almost barely audible.

"Good! I have it right he-uh-oh" Anna said as she began emptying her purse. "It's not here. Don't worry" Anna said as she approached Nurse Joy and began whispering to her. Nurse Joy looked over at Emily as Emily quickly looked down in embarrassment. Nurse Joy looked up Emily's file in the computer then called her over.

"She's really shy about this so be careful." Anna added as Nurse Joy took Emily by the hand and led her towards a supply closet then into an empty room. She noticed Emily shaking as her eyes became puffy and red.

"Oh, sweetie, don't be embarrassed. It's okay, I'm glad that you came to me, instead of risking it. It's not good for your health right now. Just go ahead lay on the floor and let me take care of this." Emily nodded as silent tears rolled down her cheek as she laid down on the mat that was laid out on the floor.

"That's it." Nurse Joy said as she pulled off Emily's skirt and panties then slid the diaper under her and added some powder. Once she finished taping up the sides she offered Emily her hand and pulled her back up. "That wasn't so bad," she said as she handed Emily back her clothes. "I have to ask , how did you get that nasty scar on your leg though?"

"When I was younger, our old house was infested with Ratatta and Ratticate nests in the walls. A Ratticate used Poison Fang on my leg while I was sleeping, the infection was so bad they almost had to amputate my leg. I was bedridden for about a month."

"Oh, you poor thing, but then why are you so embarrassed by this? It sounds like you'd be used to it."

"It reminds me of back then." Emily said while pulling her skirt back on. "I hated lying in bed and feeling helpless and scared. I could hear them moving in the walls at night but no one believed me until everyone started getting mouse bites all over them. Back then I had seizures in my sleep which caused me to wet the bed. The smell of urine is what caused them to attack me." she said while shifting her weight back and forth. Emily already had to go pretty badly already, but she really didn't want to sit it in it for 2 hours as she remembered how gross it felt.

"Oh that's awful, Well I'm glad you're okay now. " Nurse Joy said about to pick up everything until she saw Emily squirming. "Are you okay?"

"Ye-yeah" Emily said a little too quickly.

"You know, I 'm sorry but I can't let you use the bathroom because as soon as I leave this room time will be up, but I can change you again before I put everything away."

"O-oh" Emily said as her face turned red as she realized what that meant. Sit in it all night or get changed immediately.

"You have three seconds to decide before I decide for you. 3-2-1"

"Ok, I'll go now." Emily blurted out.

"Good choice," Nurse Joy said as she pulled another diaper out of the packaging and began unfolding it. "Take your skirt off and lay down when you're ready. It's easiest when you're squatting. "

Emily closed her eyes, took a few deep breaths, squatted down and relaxed. She immediately felt her bladder begin to empty itself into the padding both saddened and relieved her body didn't put up a fight. Once she finished, she laid back down on the mat and let Nurse Joy re-diaper her without a fuss.

"Thank you." Emily said quietly as the last tape was put into place.

"You're quite welcome, dear. I know this must have been hard to do, but at least you won't have to worry during the test."

When Nurse Joy read Emily's chart along with the Drs. notes she was expecting the worst, but was surprised and thankful for her cooperation. After the second change all the potential interns were ushered in another room and handed out the tests.

Anna sat in the lobby with Nurse Joy silently cheering Emily on. Two and a half hours later Emily waddled out of the exam room as they sat and waited for the results. Finally the moment of truth as all the girls crowded around a list that was posted on the wall. Once the crowd died down Emily slowly approached and stared at the list like a deer in the headlights before she felt a hand on her shoulder.

"What is it?" Anna asked concerned as she stared at the list and froze as well. "You got a 98%... You got the top score" Anna said practically shouting now and lifting up Emily in her arms. Completely caught up in the excitement Anna spun Emily towards her and gave her a kiss to rival that from there one night together. Emily quickly snapped out of her trance and wrapped her arms around Anna, more than happy to kiss her back after there relationship had been nothing but mere friendship for the past 3 months.

"Dude! Check it out! Those two chicks are making out" the girls heard from somewhere quickly snapping them back to reality.

"Err, umm, I meant congratulations, Emily." Anna said turning bright red.

"Th-thanks." Emily said, more excited about the kiss than getting the top score.

"Anna, we need to talk" Nurse Joy said with a stern expression on her face.

*007*2015-01-07 00:56

Chapter seven

"Annabella Silph." Nurse Joy said. "Now" she added impatiently after receiving nothing but blank stares from both girls. Anna nodded slowly and let go of Emily's hand and followed Nurse Joy into the back with her head hung in shame. Emily watched Anna go while noticing the normally cool and composed older girl that she admired so much was practically shaking as she followed the pink haired woman to the back. Once Anna was out of sight, Nurse Joy turned to close the door but not before sending a look to Emily as if to say, "you're next."

Nurse Joy motioned for Anna to take a seat before she sat behind her desk and started messaging her temples. Seconds felt like hours to Anna as they both sat quietly until Nurse Joy finally broke the silence.

"What was that?"

"It was nothing." Anna said, still afraid to look her in the eye, opting to gaze out the window instead.

"That didn't look like nothing. That looked like a whole lot of something to me." she said standing up and walking over to the sink as she began filling two mugs with hot water.

"We are just friends." Anna said like she had practiced if anyone asked.

"And do you always stick your tongue into your friends mouths?" Nurse Joy asked as she continued making tea for the both of them. Anna blushed but remained silent.

"Is that what kids do these days? When I was your age, friends shared secrets not saliva."

"N-no." Anna said wishing she was anywhere but here. "She just... reminds me of my little sister."

"So you used to stick your tongue in your sisters mouth?" Nurse Joy said handing Anna a cup of tea before returning to her desk with her own. "I didn't realize you and your sister had THAT kind of relationship."

"No! I never stuck my tongue in my friends or sisters mouths!" Anna said her face now turning red as she took a sip of tea while trying to clear her head.

"Then why exactly would you do that to Emily? In the middle of my crowded Pokémon center I might add."

"I'm sorry. I just got caught up in the excitement. I was just so happy for her and-"

"I was happy for her too, but that doesn't mean I wanted to stick my tongue in her mouth." Nurse Joy stated. Anna shook her head trying to get rid of that mental picture. "Seeing as how Emily was more than happy to participate I'm going to assume that was not the first time you girls have done that."

"I've been trying to keep things as platonic as possible."

"And you're doing a swell job of that." Nurse Joy said sarcastically. "If word got back to your father-"

"Screw my father!" Anna yelled as tears began flowing from her eyes.

"Let me ask you this." Nurse Joy said pausing for a moment to collect her thoughts. "Does your relationship with Emily have anything to do with the pressure your father has been putting on you to marry. Is this your way of getting back at him?"

"No of course not. My feelings for Emily have nothing to do with him or his marriage interviews/business deals."

"What business deals?"

"The men he tries to set me up with are sons from rivaling businesses owners from other regions. Marrying me off to one of them is nothing more than him trying to expand his empire. Everything is about money and politics. I want no part of it. He thinks threatening to cut me off will get me to change my mind. I don't need or want his money. Or him."

"Anna, that's cold. He's still your fath-."

"HE KILLED THEM!" she yelled now sobbing uncontrollably. "He's the reason they're dead! How could I ever love him?"

"Come here, Anna." Nurse Joy said as she rose from her seat and made her way to the distraught girl in front of her. She took one of her hands and pulled her up, now leading her to the couch where she sat her down and joined her. "Take off your shoes and lay down." she ordered as she patted her lap motioning for Anna to rest her head there. Anna kicked off her shoes and stretched out on the couch and laid her head in Nurse Joys lap. Nurse Joy ran her fingers through the sobbing girls hair until she finally calmed down enough to talk. "So what exactly is your relationship with Emily?"

"She's my girlfriend." Anna admitted as if in a trance enjoying the sensation of Nurse Joy playing with her hair. "She's the one I found in the forest three months ago."

"I see, I sent you to search for pecha berries and you come back with a date." she teased. "An unconscious one if I remember correctly. The only time I saw her was when she was brought in on the stretcher. Who knew she'd be so smart."

"She was sick when she was a kid so all she ever did was read and study. I had no idea she was that smart, honestly. When I met her she was lost in the forest, attempting to read an upside down map while trying not to wet herself. Not to mention she was scared to death of my harmless little rattata."Anna said smiling at the memory.

"I'd probably be scared of them too if I went through what she did as a kid."

"What do you mean?" Anna asked.

"Those 'harmless little rattata' almost cost her her leg as a child. The whole experience left her quite traumatized. She told me they had built nests in the walls of her house and that she could hear them at night. They attacked her in her sleep and poisoned her quite badly. It left her bed ridden for about a month." Anna shuddered at the thought."She seemed on the verge of a anxiety attack about being in a diaper. Seeing how she was bedridden for so long she probably had to be re-potty trained. Maybe she's afraid of loosing her control again."

"It makes sense. Maybe that's why she was always trying to hold it until the last minute and how she got so sick. She put up one hell of a fight when I told her she had to wear diapers while in the hospital. This program must mean a lot to her if she willingly let you diaper her." Anna said.

"Actually I changed her twice. After I put it on her it was pretty obvious she had to go and since I had read her file it said she wasn't supposed to be holding it. I wasn't going to make her sit in a used one for the whole test, so I told her if she went right then I'd change her before the test."

"She actually used it in front of you? I'm surprised." Anna said thinking back to all the times Emily kicked her out of the room when she had to go.

"She wasn't to happy about it, but she must have weighed her options and found it better than the alternative. She would have been a fine addition to our staff." Nurse Joy said causing Anna to freeze.

"Would have?"

"Now that you've admitted to dating her I can no longer accept your recommendation for her to enter this program."

"No, please don't do that to her! I-i'll break up with her!" Anna pleaded.

"That is what I'd normally say. However, I have never seen someone score that high on my test before. While it's true I can no longer accept your recommendation I will make an exception this once and give her my own recommendation like I did for you, Ms. 46%"

"Oh! thank you, thank you so much! " Anna said rolling over and pulling her into a giant hug while ignoring the comment about her own test score. "Thank you, Aunty"

"You haven't called me that since you were little." Nurse Joy said smiling while stroking her nieces face. "Your mother would be so proud of you."

"I miss her." Anna said sadly after a moment.

"I miss her too." Nurse Joy said.

*008*2015-01-07 08:34

Chapter eight

Emily shuddered as she made eye contact with Nurse Joy after receiving a look from her that said, "I'll deal with you later." Emily stood frozen in fear as Nurse Joy turned her back and slammed the door shut behind her. oh man, oh man I am so dead she thought to herself as she began pacing back and forth. Emily could hear Anna raise her voice and then the sound of her crying. What is Nurse Joy doing to her in there?! Emily worried as the worst possible scenarios played out in her mind. What if she gets fired because of me? I couldn't live with myself if that was the case.

I'll tell Nurse Joy I'll break up with Anna if it will help her keep her job. Break up? Emily thought to her self. Were they ever even a couple? Tonight was the first night in over three months she's shown me any kind of affection what so ever. Sure we've been on dates but could they even really be called that? More like just two friends hanging out really. Anna had always seemed really nervous when we were in public together, like she was always looking over her shoulder, like she didn't want to be seen with me.

Emily sat down on the wooden bench instead of the couch afraid her soaked diaper would leak as she let her fears get the better of her. Could I really blame her? I mean I'm sitting in a wet diaper after all. Why would she WANT to be seen with me. What was that kiss about if she didn't like me? That was some kiss Emily thought as a dopey grin spread on her face just thinking about it. "Annabella Silph huh?" she said quietly to herself. Silph... Silph... Why did that name sound so familiar? Emily tried racking her brain trying to come up with something, but after a minute or two she gave up completely as her mind wandered to other things. Like her uncomfortable wet diaper that was driving her crazy. Emily quickly checked her pockets but realized her panties were not there. She must have left them in the room that Nurse Joy and Anna now occupied.

"Ugh." she quietly moaned to herself in disgust. This reminded her of being stuck in bed as a kid in a used diaper while her leg was healing. No matter how much it disgusted her as a kid she could never get herself to ask her babysitter for a change, preferring instead that her mom change her. She was so shy back then, but as she thought about it she hadn't really improved all that much. She thought her options over, she could take it off now, but that would mean going commando under her skirt. She decided it was probably not the best idea. Emily poked at it under her skirt feeling it squish. I hope they come out soon, this will definitely leak if I pee in it again, but if I use the toilet I'll have to go commando. Hmm... what to do she thought as she felt the familiar sensation in her bladder. Really? At a time like this? Really? Emily decided to go see the scores again as to keep her mind off her predicament.

I still can't believe I got a 98% she thought to herself as she stared at the list. I'm sure loads of people have, that test was pretty easy after all. I bet Anna got a 100% she thought unknowing of how wrong she really was.

"Man, that test was so hard!" Emily heard a girl her age complain as she approached her and glanced at the list as well."Guess I'll have to try again next year." she said sadly. The girl looked at the uncomfortable expression on Emily's face and assumed she also didn't make it. "Don't feel bad If you didn't pass, I know they say they take up too three interns but that's IF three people pass. Normally only one person gets in every couple years. They say the average persons score is about a 60% see." she said pointing at the list of everyone else s score. Emily looked at everyone else's percentages and noticed the range went from 30%-75%

"Woah!" the girl said with her mouth practically hanging open. "Someone scored a 98% That's...that's impossible! The highest score I've ever heard of is a 88% by a girl like 3-4 years ago, and even then there's been rumors that her father paid her way in. Hell, I'd probably get in too if my father owned a multi-billion dollar company."

"If she was a billionaire, why would she want to work at a Pokémon center?" Emily asked making the girl next to her get flustered.

"She probably doesn't even work here. It was probably all just for show anyway. Ooh look my daughter got into a prestigious school, look how much better we are than you." the girl said in a mock voice that irritated Emily. "Her name was like Bella or something Isabella Silph or something." Or Annabella... Emily quickly thought as the color quickly drained from her face.

"What's Silph?" Emily asked quietly.

"You seriously don't know what Silph is? As in Silph Co. the makers of pretty much every Pokémon item known to man. Potions, Poke balls, Antidotes. You name it. They even own all the Poke mart chains. No wonder you didn't pass" the girl said. "I feel like those were the only questions I knew." Well that explains the missing 2% Emily thought. Anna? A multi-billionaire? I mean her father anyway but still, that can't be right.

"I'm sure it wasn't her." Emily said more to reassure herself than the other girl. "I'm sure Silph is a common last name."

"Here." The girl said as she typed something into the console on her arm and a hologram image of a family popped up. "The pictures from like six years ago but that's her right there. Oh my bad, her name's Annabella not Isabella." What? This can't be happening? No way! I don't want to believe it, but that's definitely her! That's Anna...my Anna.

"Man you could totally pass for her sister." the girl said pointing at the young girl in the photo who looked quite like a younger version of Emily herself. "If she hadn't died a few years back I'd swear you were her."

"She died?" Emily asked.

"Yeah, both her mom and her sister died in a car accident." she said showing her the rest of the article. "Are you okay? You don't look so good."

Patter Patter Patter Patter Patter

"Huh? What's that sound?" The girl asked looking around before noticing the small stream coming from under Emily's skirt and trickling onto the linoleum floor below. Emily was frozen to the spot with her face burning red as she tried her hardest to stop peeing with unfavorable results as she continued leaking loudly onto the floor below. "Eww! Are you wetting yourself?" the girl shouted backing away from the growing puddle on the floor.

Emily couldn't hold back the sobs as she saw Nurse Joy and Anna re emerge back into the lobby as she continued wetting herself. Anna glared at the other girl who was making a scene and signaled for her to beat it. Nurse Joy went back into the cupboard to collect a few things while Anna waited for Emily to finish since moving her would just make a bigger mess. Once Emily was done, Anna took her by the hand and led the sobbing girl into the office as Nurse Joy followed behind after she made a page to janitorial. Once the door was closed Emily began sobbing even louder into Anna's chest as Anna held her and tried to comfort her by rocking her in her arms.

"It's ok, it was just an accident." Anna whispered.

"There's no way you like me! I don't want you to lose your job because of me so we have to break up even though we were never really a couple and I couldn't figure out why you even liked me and then I find out you're some billionaires daughter so there's no way someone like you would like someone like me who just wet themselves and I didn't even know I was wetting myself so there's no way they'll accept someone who wets themselves and I couldn't change and I really like you and...and..." Emily cried not making much sense. Anna didn't like seeing Emily so upset and had no idea what she was saying so she did the only thing she could to quiet her.

"Emily, look at me."Anna said gently but Emily just shook her head and continued ranting. "Emily, hey Emily, look at me." she said more softy. Emily reluctantly looked up and was suddenly met with Anna's lips against her own. Yeah that shut her up Anna thought but soon her thoughts were filled with other things as the two continued their kiss completely forgetting Nurse Joy was standing a few feet away.

Nurse Joy cleared her throat as the two finally broke apart. "Sorry to interrupt your little...fling, but someone needs a change." Emily came crashing down from her high as reality sunk back in. She noticed the mat was placed over the couch as Nurse Joy motioned for her to lay down.

"I-I can do this myself." Emily said quietly still reeling from the embarrassment. Nurse Joy ignored her and motioned again for her to lay down. Emily sighed and did as she was instructed and blushed once she felt Nurse Joy remove her soaked skirt. Anna handed Nurse Joy a wet wash cloth as Emily felt Nurse Joy start cleaning her legs.

"So you have officially gotten the highest score out of anyone who has ever taken my test." Nurse Joy said as she tried to calm Emily down.

"Really?" Emily asked quietly. "I didn't even know what Silph Co was, or who Anna was." She said softly.

"I didn't want you to know who I really was, I liked you thinking that I was just some average Jane. Cause Honestly, that's who I really am." Anna said.

"You've never been and never will be some average Jane to me. You're someone special to me. You could've just left me there in that forest."

"She wouldn't because she knows I'd kick her ass if she ever did that."Nurse Joy added in as she began on Emily's other leg.

"Did Nurse Joy just say 'ass'?" Emily asked giggling. "Anna what did you score on the test?" Emily asked causing Anna's face to go red as Nurse Joy laughed. Anna mumbled a number but Emily only caught the 6 at the end. "an 86?" Emily asked as Nurse Joy laughed even harder as she un-taped the soaked diaper and went to work causing Emily to turn a deep shade of red.

"No," Anna admitted "I got a 46."

"Then how did you get in?"Emily asked worried that what the girl had told her was true.

"It wasn't my dad if that's what you're thinking."

"Then how?"

"Emily, meet my aunt." she said motioning to Nurse Joy who had just finished taping a new diaper onto Emily. "Aunt, meet my girl friend."
