OC Sci-fi Desperation Fic

Author: Impressa

*000*2012-03-18 11:04

This is a short-ish thing I thought I'd put forward here; I hope you like it!

###

The glossy whitish-blue material was smooth and still cool against the young pilot's skin, and she relished the sensation as she stretched out, feeling the knots in her muscles unpick themselves. Not long now. She'd be home soon.

She just wished she could say with any confidence she'd be home and dry. After all, it had only been a three-hour trip, anyone could hold their water for three hours.

She couldn't, though. Perhaps it had been the energy-providing drinks she'd had that day, or the coffee with her breakfast, but a couple of hours into the flight she'd felt a somewhat pressing need that she'd known would not get any better. Unable to leave the cockpit then, she'd had to make do with a hand jammed between her slim legs, and a prayer. She couldn't even cross them because of the layout of the controls, so she'd been sitting with them awkwardly splayed, making her need all the worse. Just another twenty minutes, though. Didn't sound very much put like that.

Her need was like a cold knife stabbed into her crotch, the slightest shift of her weight twisting it in new agonies, and each course adjustment or check of the panels necessitated that movement. She let out a frustrated moan, and leant forward, hoping that the slight pressure it was placing on her tortured bladder would keep its contents safe inside. If her flight suit hadn't been that colour, she would have been seriously tempted to just let nature take its course; the material was quite waterproof but obviously would still stain. Turning up at her new posting with a huge wet patch showing clearly she couldn't control herself would do her reputation no favours, and it was already only inches from being completely wrecked thanks to her previous indiscretion. She'd overindulged one evening, the inevitable had happened and she'd tearfully had to beg leave to be excused from a distinctly intractable superior. It had eventually been given, but the humiliation had been hard to bear.

Ten minutes yet. It was all she could do to hold the flood back. Each minute felt like an hour as she hoped and prayed that a miracle would happen and she would keep her dignity intact. Somehow it did, and she brought the craft down in a perfect, if slightly hurried, landing. Unclipping her helmet, she shook her red hair loose from its bun and opened the hatch. Time to sound important.

There was no welcoming committee, which was hardly surprising and if anything a mercy. Instead, just a bored looking officer who she had to report to.

"As ordered, I have-"

"Good. You're needed-" Those words struck fear into her heart and she interrupted.

"It was a bad flight. Give me a moment to refresh myself, if you would?" Now free from the constraints of the cockpit, she was still finding herself unable to let her body twist into the position it wanted to, legs crossed and feet turned in, because that would make her need known.

"Two minutes. Shower block is over there." Trying to maintain a formal stride was quickly abandoned as she ran over there, bladder screaming from the pressure it was under. The hangar showers and washrooms were dingy but still servicable, and she dashed immodestly into a cubicle, barely giving the door time to close before she scrabbled at the fastenings of her pilot suit. The first two buckles came off easily, the third she fumbled. Trying to do them one-handed, the other hand now tightly wedged between crossed legs, was difficult; trying to do them while writhing on the spot in desperation even harder.

The buckles were done. Now the zip. It got halfway.

She could have cried as the teeth locked. Relief within her reach but denied. Tugging hopelessly at the stuck zip, she wriggled about trying to slip the skintight suit off, but it was still too far fastened to be practical. The floodgates broke, and she watched as a torrent of pale liquid darkened the light suit, feeling it soak the slightly high-heeled boots so that each step would be a sodden trudge.

As if things could get no worse, the zip was not going back up either. She would have to make her first report at a new posting with her breasts falling out of a half-open pilot suit, and with wet underwear. She slumped against the toilet door and began thinking about what she could do to salvage the situation.

