Lauren’s Miscalculation

Author: db218

*000*2024-09-15 11:48

I know I’m posting a lot, but these have been on my mind, and I’ve got to get them on paper before I forget them again. As it is, I’ve probably forgotten about a dozen unrelated stories, can’t let these go to waste. With that said, I could use ideas of where to go next, so please let me know if you’ve got any thoughts. Thank you for reading and have fun with the next installment in Lauren’s unusually desperate life.

*Messing Content Warning: You know the drill, don’t make me say it again.*

Lauren had given herself a break of a few weeks to just go to the bathroom as normal, though she had let herself get very desperate to pee a few times, once almost resulting in an accident on the phone with a friend a week earlier. She had often been constipated, going every three or four days between bowel movements, which had become her new normal. She never remembered being constipated this often when she was younger, but her body had obviously changed. She was heavier than when she was younger, but still considered herself to be quite attractive.

Anyway, constipation was now a regular part of her life, and she kind of enjoyed building up giant bowel movements, and now often enjoyed becoming desperate to poop, but holding her load inside her bowels to get even more desperate. She also now enjoyed getting so desperate that she could no longer hold it and was forced to shit her panties. The desperation, the release, showing her desperation in public, getting herself off both full and after an accident, it all aroused her. That’s why Lauren couldn’t go too long without indulging in her pleasures.

Lauren had last pooped on Monday, hoping that she’d finally feel a need on Friday, and she could hold it through her workday. She planned on getting home desperate, and being forced to poop her pants before she could make it to the bathroom. She would ultimately drink very little throughout the day, so her bladder was simply an equal issue and wouldn’t force her to abandon her plan. To make things more interesting, Lauren purchased a small key lock which she would place over the button on her jeans so she couldn’t use the toilet until she got home. She was able to close the lock without the key, so she froze the key in a cup of water on Wednesday.

That’s where Lauren found herself on Friday morning, moving the block of ice to the refrigerator to thaw over the course of the day as she got more desperate. As she was getting dressed, she made sure to pee one last time so she was completely empty. Her bowels were quite full and heavy, but it felt good to hold it. She just hoped she could avoid going until she made it back from work and didn’t have an accident in the office.

Lauren left for work after a big breakfast with little to drink. She sipped an orange juice but finished barely any of it. When she got to work, her jeans lock covered by her button down shirt, she got to work. It was an unusually quiet day, so she could focus on her urges as she needed to. Also, most of the office was gone by about 2:30 on Fridays, so Lauren knew when she got really desperate after lunch, she’d be able to openly squirm, hold herself and generally do whatever was necessary to keep her load safely inside her bowels.

Leading up to lunch, Lauren was desperate to poop, but she was in control. Her bladder had been filling but wasn’t a serious factor just yet. As lunch approached, Lauren felt her rectum becoming very full, and right before lunch she had to fight back a major push which opened her anus and produced a fairly significant turtlehead. At this point, Lauren was worried she wouldn’t make it the rest of the workday, but her turtlehead retreated inside her rectum again.

Lauren ate her heavy lunch, knowing this would likely aggravate her situation about when everyone else left for the day. Her bladder was becoming very full as well, even though she’d barely had anything to drink. Still she held it all in, not that she had much choice anyway. The post-lunch fullness turned into serious urges multiple times which she had to clench very tightly to stop, and she knew she wasn’t going to last much longer. She had no choice though; she couldn’t use the bathroom until she got back home and unlocked her pants. Actually, it was quite an arousing thought, being forced to skip the bathroom while she was so desperate, with her coworkers unaware that Lauren was holding back a huge load in her bowels and a very full bladder.

As 2:30 came and went, Lauren was feeling the lunch adding to her bowels, and it started becoming hard work holding her poop inside. Luckily like clockwork, most of the office started their Friday mass exodus right then, and Lauren casually said a few goodbyes briefly pretending she wasn’t close to shitting and pissing her pants. In truth she could still likely hold a while longer, despite how desperate she was to get on a toilet. She wanted to try to last until about 4, when she could justify leaving the office, but not too early.

For the next two hours, Lauren was doing a serious potty dance at her desk, a few times standing to cross her legs and hold back a powerful urge from her bowels. At one point, she stood to fight it back and the turtlehead she’d been sucking in came out a little too far, and like last time, after a quick look around she put a couple fingers on it through her pants and pushed it back inside. She was at serious risk of not making it back home clean and dry, so at 3:45 she made the call to get back home. She had to push the turtlehead back in one more time though and lost a brief squirt of pee in her panties. This was going to be an interesting drive home.

After getting in her car, Lauren realized she may have miscalculated how desperate she would be before the end of the day. She knew she’d have to go to the bathroom badly, but she was seriously worried she’d have a huge accident in her car before she made it home. Her entire twenty-minute drive was occupied by thoughts of her massive poop barely contained in her rectum, and her bladder which now felt tight as a drum and had already leaked.

Along the way, Lauren kept saying to herself, “Please hold it, you can’t use the bathroom yet!” As she was almost home, Lauren said, “Ah, oh, I need to go so badly!!” She was desperate beyond belief, feeling like her bladder and bowels were barely contained and likely to explode at any moment. Her saving thought a couple minutes from home was that the key for the lock on her jeans should be sitting in a cup of nothing but water, and she could immediately drop her things, grab the key, unlock her jeans, and finally allow herself to use the bathroom after holding it all day.

Lauren pulled into her driveway a minute later, quickly grabbed her things and waddled as quickly as she could to the door. She stepped inside and breathed a sigh of relief that she’d at least made it home without an accident. When she exhaled though, her body took that as a sign to kick her needs into full gear, and she was stuck on the spot as her bladder and bowels simultaneously screamed for relief. She squeezed and did an aggressive potty dance willing herself not to let anything go, but her bladder leaked heavily before she could clamp it shut, and her turtlehead rushed past her anus coming out several inches before stopping, and she couldn’t suck it back in. She tried pushing with her fingers, but this massive bowel movement would no longer be contained.

Lauren waddled to her refrigerator and her heart nearly stopped when she looked in the door. She pulled the cup out to confirm, and the key was still in the bottom of the glass, but only about half the ice had melted. Now the relief that Lauren very desperately needed was no longer a possibility. Lauren groaned in desperation and frustration, danced around trying to keep her bowels and bladder shut, then had a thought. She put the cup on the kitchen counter, and considered her situation.

She was nearly exploding from both ends, as desperate as she had ever been, and her pants were stuck on her body by a lock she didn’t yet have the key for. It was a nearly perfect desperation scenario, and she had wanted to have an accident anyway. So Lauren squeezed her legs together and her buttocks around her turtlehead, and kept trying to hold it all in. She could only go to the bathroom when the key was free of the ice, and though having it in the room temperature air would help, that might not be for some time.

Lauren tried to distract herself with a big meal, torturing her bowels just a little more, while feeling a little more of her monster poop slide out and make contact with her panties and jeans. She kept checking the ice, and it appeared to be melting, but not fast enough. As she was checking the ice for about the third or fourth time, she was crossing her legs fighting a major urge from her bladder. As she was thinking about how much longer it would take for the key to be thawed from the ice, her bladder finally decided it was done holding the ocean inside, and Lauren started powerfully wetting her jeans, completely soaking both front and back before she even had a chance to try and hold it back.

With her bladder emptied in her pants, Lauren felt renewed pressure from her bowels, and she wasn’t sure she’d be able to wait much longer. Her lunch was putting full pressure on her already overloaded bowels, and it wasn’t going to be possible to keep her massive load inside her bowels for more than another few minutes. She danced, squeezed her legs together, crossed them, feeling some arousal from her wet jeans rubbing against her skin.

After a couple minutes of the pressure building behind her thick turtlehead, Lauren felt herself losing the fight against this huge bowel movement. The poop slowly and painfully exited her rectum, curling in her panties and jeans until there was no room for it to move. Lauren was in instant pain with her poop backed up, unable to move, and her bowels still trying to forcibly evacuate. She pushed hard and got several inches more out of her tortured bowels, but it stopped again. Lauren then did the only thing she could do to get herself full relief of her aching bowels. She sat on her kitchen chair gingerly, squishing the poop to make room, then stood up and pushed out another solid couple of feet of her solid poop into her pants.

Having finally finished her accident and feeling quite empty, she realized the key was still stuck in the ice, so she took it one step further, putting a towel on her bed and masturbating to a mind-blowing orgasm to the sensual feeling of her soaked jeans with a massive load in the seat.

After she was done, Lauren was still feeling aroused, so she took the game a little farther. While waiting for the key to be free of the ice, she quickly drank four large glasses of water, then proceeded to take care of small things around the house in her soaked and loaded pants until the inevitable happened. Less than an hour later her bladder started feeling very full again, and she started crossing her legs to curb it, all the while reveling in the arousal of her giant shit in her still locked pants. She downed another two glasses of water in short order and continued to wait, still crossing her legs frequently as the urges only became stronger and more frequent.

After another half hour Lauren was doing one of the most intense pee dances of her life, telling herself, “I have to go so badly, but I can’t with my pants locked! I can’t hold it much longer!” She grunted and groaned as her urges went from intense to dire, and she became truly desperate to empty her bulging bladder. Finally another ten minutes later, Lauren checked the key. It was almost out of the ice, but she could no longer wait to empty her poor bladder as she lost a leak, twisted her legs to hold on even a minute longer, and immediately started flooding her jeans for a second time. 

Among the arousing feelings this time, she noticed a new one, the feeling of her pee briefly pooling in her panties and surrounding the giant load of poop which had now been there for over an hour. Lauren was so aroused she got down on the bathroom floor and immediately got herself off again in her completely ruined jeans. When she got back up, she checked the key, and it was free enough to use. She unlocked her jeans, aroused but suddenly dreading the cleanup job she new was needed. Still, this was a good experience and she’d have to try it again.

Lauren will be back for more….

