A day in a diapered girl (incomplete)

Author: amandalu862

*000*2013-05-28 12:39

"Bring....bring...brin..."

I slapped my alarm clock down and kicked off my covers. Another sch...no wait it's a public holiday! Yay! I thought, dropping back down on my bed.

"Morning Jennifer," my mother called, her figure materialising over me. "Gosh, you had a wet one last night."

She was referring to my diapers, which were partly visible beneath my Pyjama bottoms. I'm a massive bedwetter since birth and my mother always insists on changing me. It's just on of the unwritten rules of the house. She and Dad (occasionally) would always tape on my diaper before bed and remove it in the morning. I've only diapered myself once during a sleepover. To school, I wear pullups, or rather those Goodnites for Girls and bring an extra pair in case I need to change.

Rolling over as I've done for my sixteen years, my mother places a rather large changing mat on top of my sheets. I used to have a child-szie one but soon this one appeared. Don't ask me where my mother bought them from--she would never tell me where most of the diaper supplies come from. Swiftly she untapes my soggy nappy and makes the usual comments as I lift my bum up.

"Looks like the sun is in full force today," I commented, noticing it shining through my window.

"Yeah, it's going to be a scorcher, "my mom replied, wiping my vulva with quite a number of baby wipes. Yes baby ones, it's always been those. I yelped as I always did.

"Jenn, you're so old and yet your not used to the wipes?"

"You know I always...ow! ow! react to different temperatures, Mom," she was wiping my anal region as I talked. I always asked her why since I only have no bladder control at night. She says it's for hygienic reasons. Whatever.

Finally done, I roll over as she unpack another fresh Tena Slip Maxi. Lately my wetting accidents at school have been more frequent and even once in my boyfriend's car--I was wearing protection luckily. Yeah, my mom checks my underwear so now the rule is wear diapers as long as I'm at home. Or during long family trips or when shopping with her and dad.

The new diaper taped on and with the usual that's it, she said, "Breakfast is waiting. Don't take too long to change."

"In that case I'll head strait down, after I brush my teeth," I said. Sauntering into the bathroom, I was struck immediately by the heat, even though the windows there were closed. Coming out, I decided to just wear my diapers and my night T-shirt downstairs. I usually do that in the summertime since wear a bottom would increase the heat around the padding between my legs.

*001*2013-05-29 14:13

"Jenn! Put something on!" My mom screamed, seeing my dress code.

"Mom, it's not like you haven't seen me in this dress code before," I grumbled, sitting at the table and pouring myself some juice. "Morning Dad."

"Morning baby girl."

"DAD!" I exclaimed. He knows I hate it when he calls me that.

"Well, the way you're dressed..."

"Horace!" My mom interjected. "Still Jenn, put on a bra especially in front of your father."

"You know I've stayed in the house like this before, " I grumbled in return, biting into a piece of bacon. My breasts

"What do you have planned today?" My father asked, changing the subject.

"Nothing really. Jon's got to to work at his temporary shift. I'll check what to do."

"Well don't get stuck in the house all day," Dad replied. Breakfast over, her announced he was off for his tennis game. "Come give Daddy a hug."

I did so, my 34B breasts pressing against his stomach--I'm quite short. Patting my nappy, he waved goodbye to us. Ugh, I hate it when he does that!

*004*2013-05-30 19:25

Back in my room, I opened the window, remembering to close the blinds--my room wasn't exactly visible to the street outside, but just ot be on the safe side. Clicking on the room fan, I switched on labtop and scanning around my social media sites, most of my friends were busy with their own schedules. I thus moved to my online fiction websites to read. As the minutes passed by, I felt my bladder fill up.

Previously when diapered or nappied at home, mom would make me use the toilet and only pee in the Tena Slip if I couldn't make it in time. However, during this new phase wearing at home, she had allowed me to pee in my nappy. I figured out anyway that it would be a better use of the Tena Slip instead of stay in a dry one all day. So that's what I did as I read my stories. An hour into my web surfing, the heat of the room started to increase. Gosh, I thought, peeling off my night T-Shirt and fanning myself. Finally, I yanked off my shirt and threw a nearby shawl over myself. A little bit cooler, I thought.

"Jenn!" I was shocked as my mom reappeared in my room again. Then again, I forgot that with this old house, my room door could never be locked properly. "What of earth--put proper proper clothes!"

"Mom, the blinds are drawn and anyway, it's so freakin' hot," I countered.

"Well, go take a shower; you're the only one who hasn't this morning." I usually shower early but since there was no school, what's the point?

"Grr....ok, but you know that means..." That means mom taking off my diaper and wasting a good one--I had only peed once in it so far. Mom would never tape a diaper back once it was removed--yes that's a waste of it and costly but I didn't really care since she and Dad were the ones paying for my nappies and supplies.

Finally naked, I entered the shower. True enough, it was refreshing shower--lucky I remembered to switch off the main heater. I took my time and played with myself. Yeah, strange that I get aroused playing with myself using my hands rather than being diapered nightly and now during the day at home.

Tape off, I dried myself off, especially my vulva and wrapped my towel over me. At this point, I usually love just wearing a towel--a few minutes of being not in a nappy. Ok, I thought, mom would be calling anway to tape a new nappy on. So I exited the room, expecting her to be there but she wasn't.

*006*2013-05-30 20:34

{{: 

Very good. I'm interested in seeing where this goes.

}}

Thanks

*008*2013-05-31 10:14

{{: 

No problem. Apart from the few typos, this is a really great story.

}}

I always have typos

*009*2013-05-31 18:38

Title should be A day for a dipaered girl.

