My first Fiction - Page 4

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*077*2014-01-19 21:54

I've got another sad section planned for the future, just thought I'd give a heads up. I've changed what I was going to use the car crash for to something equally as sad.

*082*2014-01-29 19:29

So, we’ve just left the feels station on our little feels train. More sad moments are to come. I apologise to those who may be a little distressed from the recent turn of events in my story, it’s just that I believe no story is complete without some form of tragedy within it. Get ready as more of the sad section is to come. I apologise for the lateness of this chapter, I’ve had some course related stuff to do over this past weekend and it has left me a little strapped for time.

Chapter 10

Cleo now felt disgusted for what she did. She knew that what she was doing had brought some form of enjoyment to her and caused something inside of her to react in that way but she still wasn’t sure just exactly what it was she was doing. All she knew is that she had some form of enjoyment over a story with a tragic end, she felt like hitting herself for being so uncaring and cruel.

Brooke stayed crying in Milly’s arms for a while. Once she had calmed down, she tried to express her gratitude to Milly but she still wasn’t sure if she could trust Milly yet. Brooke wasn’t about to take any chances.

Milly started to speak, she was about to voice her own suffering which she had experienced in her past, she believed that this was a fair exchange for Brooke’s confession.

“Well, I haven’t really had an enjoyable life myself. I’ve also lost someone important to me, someone who’s irreplaceable, someone who was the cornerstone for my family. I lost my Mother around eight years ago.

“My Mother was not from England, she was from somewhere quite cold and snowy. My Father met her when he went to a convention of some sort; he’s never told me just what the convention was about yet. I know that love at first sight is a little overrated but that’s apparently what had happened.

“She was a stall owner for one of the stalls inside the convention hall. She was offering readings of…”

Milly stopped herself, she wasn’t about to reveal that just yet. Something like that may set Brooke off her right away and she didn’t want to take that chance.

“…sorts.” She decided to say. “He was always interested in that kind of stuff so he went for it right away. Her face was covered but my Father still thought that something about her just attracted him to her. He requested to meet her once the convention closed for the day. She agreed to it.

“Later that evening, my parents met up. Once he saw my Mother’s face uncovered he was sure that she was the one for him. Her crystal blue eyes and pure white hair was my Father’s dream. Every day that the convention was on he went to see her just to spend time with her. He wanted to get to know her better, to understand her more. He didn’t care what she did for a hobby, he just wanted her. Thankfully, due to my Father’s perseverance, the two got together and eventually married. My Mother then moved to England to live with my Father.”

Cleo was listening intently to what the other girl was saying. This girl seemed to have some sort of air of mystery around her which intrigued Cleo. She wanted to know just what happened after the two married.

Brooke was quietly sobbing away while listening to Milly’s story. “Please, tell me more.” She asked.

“Around three years after that, I was born. I had inherited mostly my Mother’s looks but my hair colour was slightly off due to my Father’s blonde hair being a little more dominate than submissive, that’s why I have really light blonde hair. My eye colour remained close to my Mother’s, even though my Father also had blue eyes, but his were slightly darker. Another year went by and my sister was born. She’s inherited my Mother’s looks with little semblance to my Father, she’s always been a favourite even though we’re both treated equally.

“Everything seemed to be going really well, we were a happy family, just me, my Mother and Father and my little sister. My Mother even showed me a little of what she did when I was a toddler, I’ve always liked it. She even said that, one day when I was old enough, she’d teach me how to do it. I’ve always had some skill at doing what she did even without my Mother’s teaching, I’ve learned it mostly from my Father, who was also taught it but never took on to it, and other sources. But, it turns out that those things wouldn’t last.”

Milly was starting to feel tears welling up in her eyes right now but she blinked them away.

“What happened?” Brooke asked, not really wanting to hear about another death.

Cleo did also not really want to hear about another tragedy like the first girl's. She was about to walk out when she remembered that they didn’t know she was there. If she showed herself, they might think that she was listening into their conversation, which is what she was doing anyway. She stayed behind to hear the rest of the story.

“Three years after my sister was born, it happened. My Mother and I were walking to the local supermarket to buy some food for later. We reached the zebra crossing and my Mother pressed the button on it. My sister was at home with my Father, she wasn’t allowed out of the house until she was at least four years old reason being that she was… a little different from normal. Nothing too big, it’s just that… well… she had a little problem with controlling her bodily functions. She commonly had accidents when she was being potty trained. She caught on to it but her body did not.

“The crossing changed to allow us to walk across but…”

Milly stopped as she fought back more tears.

“…a black car didn’t really care much for the lights being on red. My Mother walked across first, I followed a little way behind. The black car shot through the red lights, it must have been going at least 60mph, even though the town centre is strictly a 30mph place. The car hit my Mother right before my eyes. I can still hear the screeching tires and the shattering glass as it crashed into my Mother.”

The thought of another car related accident killing someone close caused Brooke’s bladder to fill up again as memories of her friend back in America returned to her. Her bladder emptied itself again, adding to the slowly shrinking pool already around her crotch on the bed, filling it up again. Brooke’s crying returned to what it was only moments before when she was recounting her own story.

Cleo was also crying away softly. The thought of a person’s Mother getting hit by a car right before their eyes must have been a really traumatic experience for this poor girl.

Tears were now streaking down Milly’s face yet she still continued with her story.

“After hitting her, the car decided to add insult to injury and drive on like nothing had ever happened. I was frozen to the spot in both fear and shock. I couldn’t move, no matter how much I wanted to. I could only just stare at my Mother’s bleeding body on the floor. Several people in the surrounding area rushed to her side and called an ambulance. The ambulance arrived moments later. I was still frozen, staring, mouth open, as the ambulance crew carried my Mother into the back of the ambulance. One of the crew must have picked me up and carried me in as I somehow ended up in the back of the ambulance.

“The drive to the hospital was hurried. My Mother was still alive at this point, but only barely. She was lying on the stretcher, the crew was doing everything they could to stop the bleeding. Something inside me snapped when I finally came out of my shocked state. According to my Father, the crew said that I was screaming uncontrollably and fighting to get out of the ambulance. I must have been so scared that I was in a state of hypertension. The ambulance crew thought that that was just post traumatic shock and that it would fade after a short while. It didn’t.

“Once we arrived at the hospital, my Mother was rushed into intensive care. She stayed in there for hours and hours, I wasn’t sure how long it was. Once the doctor came out, he told me and my Father that she was conscious but she didn’t have long left to live. My Father and I walked into the room. My sister was still at home as she was sleeping at this moment in time, now that I think about it that was for the best. My Mother talked a little, saying that it was meant to be, she always believed that everything happened for a reason, no matter how bad it was. I was crying and so was my Father. My Mother asked me to reach into her coat pocket and take out what I found in there as that was her parting gift to me. I did as she asked. I’ve still got in my room what she left for me; it remains untouched to this day. The letter on the top read something, but I wasn’t old enough to understand it at that moment in time. I know what it says now.

“And just like that, shortly after bringing both me and my sister into this world, my Mother left it…”

All three girls were now crying. The nurse was listening to each of the girl’s stories. She knew just what Milly was leaving out of her own; she thought it for the best as well as she looked once more over Milly’s personal records.

End of Chapter 10

There you have it. I don't really have much to say regarding it. Stay tuned for Chapter 11. Koneko out!

*084*2014-01-30 06:32

Thanks! :) My writing is still way below professional level though. It just takes time to get good at, like all things.

On another note, I have an previously unplanned side-story to add. It came to me last night while I was asleep, leading in to an unexpected early rise after it due to the pure emotion displayed in it. It's following along with the most recent theme. It is by no means a story ender, it's just a huge "What if...?" moment. It is probably going to be the hardest hitting out of the lot if you have built any kind of favour towards any of the introduced characters. I just feel like I have to try my best to recreate the feeling of it in my own writing.

*086*2014-01-30 19:49

Here goes, my sad side-story. You don't have to read it if you don't want to, just skip by it if you like. Please, don't go hating on me for all of the 'negative' stuff I've been including as of late. I'm trying a new narrative perspective, I hope it works out.

The Shining light fades...

I sit on a bench overlooking a gravestone. The newest addition to the cemetery I sit in. The weather echoes the sadness in the atmosphere. rain falls down almost as if the sky itself is crying over the latest flame to be snuffed out. All happiness has been drained from this world, the monochromatic weather and the equally dark colours of the cemetery stand testament to this. The darkness disturbed by a small collection of colour on this pathway.

To my left, four girls are standing, three being alive and one being the deceased. The three mourners cry softly at the thought of saying their final farewells to their departed friend. All the other patrons attending this parting wished the departed a safe travel into paradise after the main ceremony finished. I know as I was present at the time, so does the deceased girl know as well. She notices my presence and comes over to sit on the bench next to me,. Her pale, translucent complexion distorting the scene behind her.

The earlier goodbyes happened before the small coffin was committed into the ground. I have been watching all this time. No one has even noticed my presence, save for the girl on the bench next to me. It is almost as like I, myself, am also no longer of this life That is incorrect, however. I am not alive, nor am I dead. I am a silent observer, setting the wheels of fate and fortune into motion whenever needed. The three left decided it was best to leave their own farewells to now.

The girls tugs at my sleeve and indicates for me to look to my left. I follow her request.

The first mourner walks over to the gravestone. She sets a small reef of red tulips at the base of the headstone. Her voice, when she spoke, was distorted by tears, the deceased's name being the most distorted, almost as if she wished it wasn't true.

"If you could see me now, I don't think you'd even recognise me. I've never acted like this before, not once. You've left me, and your friends. I can't hide myself from the truth, not any more, you wouldn't want me to. Why did it have to be you? You were always so happy and cheerful, despite the situation. No matter what had happened, you'd always find the positive side of it and make it all better. Like now, if you were still here, you'd probably be doing the same, even at your own funeral.

We knew how much you hated dark and depressing things, that's why we all decided not to wear black. You'd want some colour to still be in life, some positiveness in this sea of sorrow, despite our protests and the traditions. Please, my you rest in the peace you deserve. You've done enough to be allowed it, that's for sure. I'll make sure I come and visit you often. I'll even come every day if I'm allowed." The first mourner sobbed as she said her goodbyes. She then went back over to the group of colour. One of the other girls comforted her as she cried away.

After she was sure that the first was calm, the second mourner followed in the footsteps of the last. She placed a small tiara of sunflowers on the top of the headstone. When she said her goodbyes, her voice was much calmer and more clear than the last mourner's, even though she still hesitated a little at saying the name engraved onto the plaque.

"It's just not the same without you. It's almost as if a hole has been ripped out of our lives. Nothing is the same any more. There is always one empty chair at the dinner table and one plate if untouched food. There is also one untouched third of our room, left just as you had done before. One bed which is still left in the same way it was that morning. Nothing's changed in your section of the room. The books still line the shelves, some open, some closed, as you had left them. Your wardrobe remains untouched in the same organised chaos you liked it in. Your collections stay a they had always been.

The only time we disturb any part what was yours is when we dust them off. We miss your smiling face, your care-free attitude and your childlike tendencies, though you would probably hate me for saying that. We miss how you always used to have to rush out of the house on school days with your breakfast toast hanging out of your mouth as we ran to the bus stop just before the bus arrived. In short, we miss you. We miss everything about you. Please, have a nice rest. May all your worries be non-existent. Goodbye." The second mourner said as tears started to streak down her face, she made no intention of wiping them away. She rejoined the other two.

The third mourner now decided it was her turn to wish the poor girl goodbye. My companion and I watched as she made her way to the headstone. It was clear that she was already crying, despite how she treated the deceased in life. It goes to show that the boundaries between friend and foe are nearly non-existent in this state of affairs. Her farewell will be as sincere as the emotions she is currently expressing. My companion gets up from her seat and walks over to the girl, giving her a small hug. Maybe she knows just how this mourner truly felt about her, despite her actions when the departed was alive. The final mourner placed a huge bouquet of many coloured flowers at the foot of the grave, bringing more light to it before saying her goodbyes. Again, the girl's name was blocked out by tears.

"I just wanted to say that I am truly sorry for how I treated you. You may not believe me, but I can assure you that I am speaking the truth. When you left us, you made me realise just how badly I had mistreated you, how much pain you must have felt from each of my jealousy outbursts. Maybe if, back in primary school, I wasn't so egotistical and self-centred we could have been really good friends. I respected you, I liked how, despite all the suffering I put you through, you always managed to treat me kindly and smile at me every morning before class started. You treated me like a friend, yet I treated you like the bane of my life. Please, accept my apology. Don't ever let that smile of yours fade.

I can't believe how much pain I must have put you through. You never showed it, you always hid it behind that smile of yours. Keep on smiling. Rest in peace, my one true friend..." The final mourner broke down into tears now. The girl by her side just hugged her tighter. To the crying mourner, it probably felt like the cold of the rain was starting to seep through her clothes into her skin. It is such suffering to be an intangible presence in situations where a little kindness and compassion towards old rivals may be needed. The girl kissed her friend on the cheek, a final sign of forgiveness. The girl then stayed by her grave as the mourner joined the previous two and headed away from this pathway. I could hear their crying still.

My attention returned to my companion. She looked over her grave, the smile on her face which everyone kept referencing. After a short while, she turned to me and beckoned me over silently. I got up from my vantage point and followed her request. Once I reached her, she pointed towards the gravestone. My view followed her finger.

The gravestone was similar to the rest in the cemetery, except it was made from pure white marble. A menagerie of coloured flowers littered the grave, lighting up this section of the uniform line of cold stone, bring a kind of spectral warmth to it. Beside the grave, a small gold picture frame stood. Inside the frame was a picture of my companion from a time when she was still among the living. The girl had shoulder length ash blonde hair and emerald green eyes. Her smile radiated warmth from the picture, causing me to mimic it. Her finger pointed again to the plaque on the face of the headstone. I read it.

"Cleo Louise Juniper. August 6th..." The girl placed a hand over the rest of the nameplate, distorting the text beneath it so it was unreadable. I turned my head to her. She looked me in the eyes and shook her head, indicating that she didn't want me to read it. I continued with the rest of the plaque, missing out the rest of the dates listed.

"A spark of happiness even in the darkest times. Despite her own suffering, she still stayed shining bright. A terrible and unfair loss to her friends and family and society as a whole. May she forever shine bright in the paradise promised to her." The plaque read.

A feeling I had not felt in years came over me. My eyes started to mist up and tears started to slowly slip down my face. I felt a small hand on my shoulder. I turned to see my companion looking at me. She removed her hand from my shoulder and shook her head. She gestured what she wanted to tell me. She started to rub at her eyes, almost like she was wiping away tears. She stopped after a while and shook her head again. Next, she traced a smile on her face, marking out the same pattern as her most common expression.

Afterwards, she nodded her head. I interpreted this as: 'Don't cry, be happy.' I wiped away the tears on my face and placed my own offering onto the gravestone. I placed a single white rose and a white feather at the base of the gravestone near the picture of the deceased. Neither of these two objects moved in the wind, unlike the other offerings to this girl. I stood up, bowed my farewell and watched the girl. She waved me goodbye and walked towards her own grave, disappearing as her spectral body made contact with it. I turned and walked back down the path, disappearing into the mist. My offerings should accelerate her freedom pact. I'll return in three days time to take her to the paradise she belongs in.

End

Well, there you have it. This is a huge "What if...?" It doesn't mean that it's the end of my story. I know I always pick on the same person for each of my bad stories. Please, do not hate me for that, it was hard for me, too. If you did read this in full, thank you. If you did not read this in full, I will not hold it against you, you are free to do what you wish.

@Lucifer Angel: Don't put yourself down so much, you're not that bad a writer. You're actually quite good. ^.^ If you keep up that attitude, you'll always make yourself feel bad. Any artist's worst enemy is themselves, that's a fact. Overcome this and you'll soon notice just how good a writer you are. :)

*088*2014-01-31 18:47

Well, truth be told, I myself am not entirely sure why I always choose Cleo for these things. It may be because she's the easiest to write with as her character is pretty straightforward, she's not got any hidden sorrows, yet, so she's got a nice easy to work with personality which a lot can happen to. A huge influencing factor is that's who was in the same situation when the idea came to me while I slept. It was pretty much a narration of what I saw in the dream I had before I wrote it. Well, Brooke was at the funeral but she was one of the earlier patrons, as where my future character(s). Regardless of what I've seen in the RP, I'm still not confident that I can fully emulate Brooke's character for it to be believable in this situation. You can write something similar if you wish, I don't mind.

*090*2014-02-06 21:38

At the moment, I have planned for nine characters in total. We've already seen six of them and Number 7 is just around the corner. We should see her come into play soon.

That's a pretty morbid but believable thought there, considering how you've wrote Brooke. I think we've seen enough death so far. The only sad sections I have planned for the near future are personal problems for specific characters. I can't promise that I won't write more death in but rest assured that won't happen any time soon and it's only a chance not a certainty.

*092*2014-02-14 21:42

HUGE apology to all my readers about the extreme lateness of this chapter. I’ve had a huge deal of work to do for my course so I didn’t have any free time to write. I’ll try to get back into my regular posting routine now. There’s no more death planned for the near future in the story. I’ve got other sad moment planned, though. This chapter should bring an end to this really long school day and we should see a rise in personal things for the characters. So, without further ado, here’s Chapter 11.

Chapter 11

The girls stayed crying for a good five minutes. The infirmary was cloaked in a deathly silence after that. Milly turned to Brooke and saw the puddle beneath her.

“I think you should get changed. I’ll wait outside.” Milly said as she left the bed area and stood on the outside of the pulled curtains.

Brooke went over to the missing clothes box and picked out a pair of lime green ribbon panties and a red pleated skirt. She got some more wet wipes out of the drawer and cleaned herself up before putting on the change of clothes. Brooke then drew the curtains of the bed and went outside to where Milly was standing.

“I’m finished." Brooke quietly said to Milly.

“Let’s get back to class. I’ve got German next, what about you?” Milly replied.

“Japanese Class.” Brooke answered.

“Let’s get going or we’ll be late.” Milly told Brooke as she headed towards the door of the Infirmary. Brooke didn’t move. While walking, Milly looked in the direction of the bed which Cleo was on. Milly looked this was as she thought she felt someone watching her from there. She quickly dismissed the thought and went to the door, only to be stopped by Miss Lavender before she left.

“Don’t tell her any more than you have.” Miss Lavender quietly said to Milly. “I don’t think she’ll take kindly to it.”

“I don’t intend to.” Milly quietly answered. “I know when to say things and that topic wasn’t a part of the conversation so I dodged around it. I already know what might happen if I told her. You should know that, it’s happened before.”

“A word of caution.” Miss Lavender continued. “Don't ever tell her.”

“I know what I’m going to do. You stay out of this!” Milly retaliated quietly.

Miss Lavender shrugged. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” She answered as she went back to her computer.

Milly turned away in anger and looked towards the curtained bed again.

“Let’s go.” She called back to Brooke while she continued looking at the bed. “You can go first. I’ve still got some things to do here.”

Brooked nodded and did as she was told. She left the infirmary and waited outside.

Milly now took this chance to investigate the suspicious bed. She slowly walked over to it. As she got closer, she could almost feel a presence on the other side.

Cleo was scared now. It seemed that the girl called Milly had noticed her presence. She covered her mouth and tried to breathe quietly but her quickly beating heart made it more difficult.

Milly had now reached the bed and she was sure she could feel someone on the other side of it. She was sure the light behind it was being blocked by a figure of some sort but she couldn’t quite place it.

“I know you’re there.” Milly said to the curtain. “I’ve known you’ve been there since we came in here.” She was bluffing but she was sure that’d flush out anyone who could have been behind the curtain.

Cleo gasped as she heard the girl talk to her.

She knew she was there?! How?!

Cleo backed away from the curtain and lay on the bed trying to calm herself down. All calmness was lost when the curtains were drawn back. Cleo let out a startled cry as she saw a white-blonde haired girl holding the curtain in her hand. This must have been the one called Milly.

“I knew it!” Milly angrily stated. “You’ve been listening in on us, haven’t you?!”

“I-I’m sorry.” Cleo squeaked out. “I-I just…”

“No lies!” Milly shouted at Cleo. “If I hear that you’ve told anyone about what you’ve heard in this room then, mark my words, I’ll make you regret it!”

“I’m sorry. I really am!” Cleo answered as tears of fear were starting to well up in her eyes. “I came in her for a rest and I woke up just as you entered.”

Milly glared straight into Cleo’s eyes. Cleo’s eyes flicked to the top left hand side while she was telling Milly what she was doing in here. Milly knew this meant she was telling the truth.

“I don’t make idle threats.” Milly finished as she walked out of the Infirmary.

Cleo breathed a sigh of relief. She never thought she’d be intimidated by a underclassman. Whoever this Milly was she was surely a scary character. She wondered just what she was hiding from the girl called Brooke. The Nurse seemed to know but Nurses are bound to confidentiality so she won’t get it out of her. Cleo stayed on the bed shaking from fear for a short while until she pulled herself together and headed to her last lesson of the day, Art Class.

Milly re-joined Brooke outside the infirmary. All her previous anger was lost behind mask of comforting happiness.

“Let’s go.” She smiled to Brooke.

And they went to their last class.

Cleo waited at least five minutes to ensure that the scary girl was far away. She then left the infirmary and headed to her final lesson.

In Art, Cleo didn’t even look at Carrie, who still had the malicious smile on her face. Cleo made sure that her seat had its back to Carrie. Art went by with a tension filling the air. Mrs Sonne, the art teacher’s words and expressive mannerisms seemed to be dulled by the atmosphere as well. It was like the whole class had had a huge falling out and no one wanted to talk or break the silence. Cleo was happy, if a little scared, when the final bell rang. The class cleaned up the art materials and the classroom and left to go home.

“Home sweet home…” Cleo thought to herself. “It won’t be so sweet today.”

Brooke and Milly’s lessons went on quite normally and, before they knew it, the day had ended. Brooke packed up her things and waited outside the class next to her Japanese class, Milly’s German class. Milly left the class and went with Brooke to the school’s entrance. Milly was about to bid Brooke goodbye when Brooke spoke up.

“Um, I get the bus home.” Brooke started. “Can you please walk with me to the bus stop, if it won’t be that much trouble?”

Milly smiled a weak smile.

“Truth is, I also get the bus as well. Why don’t we go together?” Milly replied.

“Really?!” Brooke seemed to smile now. It was a sweet smile, the kind that lit up everyone else’s faces when they saw it. “That’s great! Please sit with me on the bus. I’d feel better if you do.”

Milly wasn’t sure if she wanted to take up this offer. She didn’t want Brooke to know any more about her and a bus journey would be the perfectly stereotypical place to talk about things like that. Plus…

“Um, sure,” Milly answered trying to sound enthusiastic but failing a little. “Let’s go now then. The bus will be coming soon.”

Milly and Brooke headed off towards the bus stop just outside school.

Cleo walked with Casey back to the bus stop. Carrie walked ahead. Cleo didn’t want Carrie to walk with them. She knew that Carrie, in her current state of mind, would just want to incite another argument. The walk to the bus stop was silent and awkward. Upon arrival, Cleo saw a familiar face at the bus stop.

Milly.

Cleo slowed down her pace. She didn’t want to meet with her again, not yet. It was unavoidable, nonetheless. Cleo tentatively walked to the bus stop and hoped that the bus would arrive soon.

The bus arrived.

Cleo got on first, Casey in tow, Carrie following after. This bus ride was going to be bad. Cleo knew it.

As soon as Milly saw the bus start to come up the lane, she started to tremble a little. She hoped Brooke wouldn’t notice but she knew that she’d find out soon enough. The bus arrived and Milly saw the girl from the infirmary get in. She shot her a glare, not that she’d see it.

“Are we going to get on?” Brooke asked, snapping Milly from her glare.

“Ah, yeah.” Milly answered weakly.

Brooke knew something was up. She could tell by the look in Milly’s eyes. Something was definitely troubling her.

Milly slowly walked onto the bus and the fear inside her rose. She felt really scared. Memories of her Mother’s death flicked through her head and she had lost most of her calm composure.

“Are you okay?” Brooke asked Milly, worried about her.

“Y-yeah.” Milly answered.

Brooke didn’t buy it but she also didn’t want to pose the question.

Needless to say, the bus drive home was tense for both parties.

The bus pulled up in front of the convenience store at the bottom of the main road. Cleo, Casey, Carrie, Brooke and Milly all got out at this stop and headed home.

Tonight was going to be bad for all of them.

End of Chapter 11

There's the belated Chapter 11. Koneko out!

@Lucifer: I've got stuff planned already. Day 1 of school has now officially come to an end with this Chapter. Chapter 12 should finish off the whole of the first day.

*094*2014-02-15 09:37

The conversation between Milly and Miss Lavender is relating to Milly's story. She didn't want Milly to tell Brooke any more about herself as she believed something much more worse would happen than a simple accident.

I try to please as much as I can in my writing so I hope it will. :)

*096*2014-04-09 17:12

I’m really sorry about the extreme lack of updates in this story. I’ve been swamped with work because of an External Verifier coming to check out the coursework my group has done so our tutors have been pushing us to the limits. It’s the end of term at the moment so I’m finally free from the pressure of the EV but I’ve still got a good deal of work to do as tutors have put off their assignments so we could all focus on what the EV will be looking at. Anyway, enough about that, here’s the next chapter.

Chapter 12

The walk home went in silence for each girl. No one dared speak. No one had anything to say. They just let the silence blanket them all like an oppressive cloud.

Cleo didn’t want to talk. She was still trying to process all of what had happened. Was Milly really as bad as Cleo thought she was? What has happened to Carrie? Why is she behaving in such a strange and horrible way? Cleo’s mind continued to think up more questions which she had no answer to. It was all she could do at the moment. She didn’t know what her sisters were thinking and she wasn’t sure that she wanted to in Carrie’s case. Cleo just hoped that Carrie will return back to how she was soon. She didn’t like her ‘new’ sister.

They arrived home and Cleo led the way inside. She announced her presence and her sisters did the same. Afterwards, as dinner was a little while away, Cleo set down her school-bag and went to get changed.

Brooke wasn’t sure if she’d made the right choice with telling Milly everything about herself and her past. She also wasn’t sure if Milly was being completely truthful with her in regards to her own admittance of her history. A niggling shred of doubt continued to hang at the back of her mind. Was Milly all she seemed to be or was she something more? Brooke arrived at her own home and entered it. She put her bag down on the floor in the corridor and went upstairs to change out of her borrowed clothes. She had a feeling that her Mother might worry about her when she found out about her accidents at school today.

“You look kinda troubled. Penny for your thoughts?” A girl’s voice called out to Milly as she headed home. Milly turned around and saw a young girl with pure white hair and deep blue eyes coming up to her.

“Izzy? Milly asked in shock. “I didn’t see you on the bus? Where were you?”

“I asked you a question first, you know.” Izzy replied.

Isabell Clemens was Milly’s younger sister. The two were a year and a half apart but Izzy’s actual cognitive capabilities were a whole year ahead of Milly’s. When she was younger, Izzy had always been the top of her class. She just absorbed knowledge like a sponge does to water. She was always hungry for more so, in the end, her teachers decided to teach her things which were ahead of what she should be learning. Izzy took to these like a charm. By the age of 10, she had already been learning GCSE grade criteria in almost all of her lessons so RCGA decided that, when she joined them, they’ll put her in classes for Year 9’s. However, because of the increased ability of her mind, something had to be reduced in compensation.

“It’s nothing. I just told a friend a little about myself, that’s all.” Milly finally answered.

“How much?” Izzy questioned as a dark look came over her face.

“Not a lot. Just stuff which needed to be told. I wouldn’t tell a stranger everything you know.”

Izzy seemed to be pleased with Milly’s answer yet she was still a little put off by Milly’s lax nature.

“To answer your question, I got let out a little early so I took the earlier bus home.” Izzy answered Milly’s earlier question.

“Why didn’t you go home then?” Milly asked.

“Because I had some stuff to buy.”

With a shrug, Milly continued back to her home and Izzy followed behind her.

On her own chauffeured ride home, Melissa looked out of the window of the black limousine. Her thoughts were focused on Carrie’s earlier taunt. She hoped that she hadn’t seen her momentary disregard of all she stood for back in the Swimming lesson.

“What if she does know? What will she do?” Melissa thought to herself. “I shouldn’t worry about her. She’s just scum like everybody else.”

Despite her confidence in her statement, she knew that she was wrong. Carrie could do a lot to harm her. She had the know-how and knowledge with technology to actually pull through with most things. As the limo reached the large iron gates leading into the Mayer’s mansion, Melissa knew that she’ll have more than enough time to think things through.

“The Sir and Madame are out on business at the moment.” The chauffer informed Melissa.

“Nothing new there.” Melissa answered quietly. As expected, her parents were away ‘on business’. Melissa knew that was just a ploy to prevent the servants from reciting the truth in their quarters.

The gates opened and the limo drove down the gravelled road towards the fountain outside the mansion.

The Mayer’s mansion was a large converted Victorian Manor. It was three stories high and about the size of a regular mansion. The design could use a little work as it still looked like it did back when it was first built, minus the renovations done before the Mayer’s moved in. A ten car garage was attached to the right hand side of the building and a large conservatory covered most of the rear of the mansion. It was said to date back to when Rose Creek was just a small village lost in the moors and marshes of the east coast of England. Melissa felt like the place was haunted and she was probably right as she has had several sleepless nights there.

The limo parked just outside the huge double doors at the front of the mansion. Melissa got out of it and the limo drove off towards the garage.

“Another night alone.” Melissa sighed to herself as she pushed open the right hand door. She followed the purple carpet up the crescent staircases and into the right wing of the mansion. She went to the last room in the wing and opened the door to it. She walked into her bedroom and slumped onto her bed.

Melissa’s room was a large room about the size of a large classroom. A king size double bed lay on a raised platform at the back on the room in the middle of it. To each side of the bed, drawers filled with various things stood. The bed itself was covered in stuffed toys of every variety imaginable. On the right hand wall, opposite the window, Melissa’s private walk-in wardrobe rested through a set of pure white double doors. Her wardrobe was actually a converted storage room but Melissa wasn’t picky about it. It still managed to keep her clothes clean and orderly. Beneath the window, a writing desk stood. The desk had a writing lamp and a bunch of stationary on. The room was carpeted with a larger form of the purple carpet which led to it. A large checked rug lay just in front of the door.

“Why do I even come home? There’s never anybody here.” Melissa quietly said to herself.

End of Chapter 12

An extremely late chapter update but I hope it's good enough. I'm sorry about how short it seems but I'd like a whole chapter dedicated to what I'll be writing next. Koneko out!

*098*2014-04-10 09:45

I'm guessing that, because it's been months since I last posted here, all followers have been erased due to lack of updates. The ones who were following will likely come back.

It'll be a little while since Emily comes in as I've already got plans for the next few chapters. The next chapter, although it's been hinted at before, will follow one person's story and give a little insight into them. She may make a cameo a little later in the story but she won't be fully introduced just yet. Izzy's only just been introduced and I've had her planned since the beginning.

