I Thought You Said You Could Hold It!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-03-17 22:53

Part One

Reese got home from work one day with a very full bladder. She’d been jiggling for over half the drive home. She kicked off her shoes and headed for the toilet.

“Reese?” her roommate Ava called from the bathroom.

“Yeah?”

“Can you come help me with something?”

She sounded worried. When Reese came in, she found Ava holding a fishing net.

“Goin’ fishing?” Reese joked, looking around.

Ava just pointed. A big black bird was sitting in the windowsill. Reese gasped at the sight of it, taking a couple steps back. “What- How did it get in here!?” she asked.

“I-I just wanted to open the window and let some fresh air in, but that was a bad idea obviously! Look, we have to get him out without hurting him. You hold the net up to him and I’ll scare him in from the other side.”

Reese pulled the button of her pants away from her belly and shifted side to side. She urgently needed to urinate. “I don’t wanna do that, man!” she said. “Can’t we just leave the windows open and let him leave on his own?”

“He’s gonna poop all over the place!”

“Well…” She eyed the toilet. “Maybe… We should close the door and open that window he’s sitting near.”

“That one doesn’t open.”

“Of course it doesn’t.”

“Look, I’ve been doing this for like an hour and I’ve been thinking about it. I think this is the best way.”

Reese dropped her head. “Fineee, let’s get it over with,” she said, subtly pressing her thighs together.

“Okay, you hold the net, and I’ll-“

“Why do I have to hold the net!?”

“Because I’m bad with it! I learned that today!”

“Ava, I really don’t-“ She shoved the net into Reese’s hands and hurried into position. The bird perked up tensely in response to the invasion of his space.

“You ready?” Ava said as Reese followed suit.

“No,” she replied, but moved the net closer as Ava moved her hands awkwardly toward the bird. He puffed up his feathers, looked around erratically, and flew madly off the windowsill and around the screaming girls. Reese dropped the net and covered her head as she ran out of the room. The bird settled on top of the medicine cabinet.

“Dude! Why’d you let him go!?” Ava said.

“What!? You were guiding him!”

“You gotta bring the net down on him!”

“Well-“ Reese sighed nervously, starting to get noticeably antsy as she stepped around, pressing her thighs together every other step. She’d had to pee for so long. “I don’t wanna do this. Let’s just call animal control.”

“Doesn’t that cost money?”

“I’ll look it up, but I don’t think so,” she said as she took her phone out. She inhaled sharply, made a face of discomfort and crossed her legs where she stood, bobbing up and down. Ava didn’t see. She was looking at the bird. “Okay, it’s free and I’m about to call them.”

“Should we shut the bathroom door so he doesn’t have free reign of the apartment?”

Reese’s heart sunk a little. “I guess so,” she said.

She made the call. Someone will be there in an hour. An hour.

Reese sat on her foot on the couch, trying to distract herself with her phone and the tv. The urge to urinate was really taxing her. Her khakis were digging mercilessly into her little pee baby. She drummed her fingers impatiently, wanting badly to fidget and squirm around, but Ava was sitting right next to her.

“You okay? You’re being quiet,” said Ava.

“Yeah, of course,” she replied. “Tired.”

“Do you think that bird is getting bird diseases all over our bathroom?”

She shifted her sitting position every few seconds. “Don’t even say that.”

“We should probably clean it when it’s out just to be safe.”

The urgency started to rise. A wave of desperation. She couldn’t keep from jerking her butt and twitching around, engaging in a plethora of nervous movements that slightly alleviated the uneasiness radiating from her urinary system. “I-It’s just a bird,” she said, pushing herself deep into the seat so she could further dig her heel into her crotch.

“Birds poop, dude,” Ava said.

Reese inhaled sharply, her tight bladder contracting, trying to force some pee out. She swung her legs off the couch and hurried to her room, the uncomfortable fullness inside her shifting and sloshing with the movement.

“Where’re you goin?” Ava called.

“Gonnachangeouttamyworkclothes!” she said, shutting the door behind her and doubling over. “Oooof…” she groaned, her entire body genuinely wracked with discomfort. She popped open the button on her pants and immediately felt better as her bulging belly was able to take up the space it needed. She danced and jiggled as she skinned her pants down and replaced them with a pair of sweatshorts. She pulled her work shirt off, stepping side to side and pressing her thighs together, and pulled on a regular t-shirt. “Oh man…” she muttered, bobbing up and down and shoving her hand between her legs. She checked her phone and saw that it had been 15 minutes since she made the call. She had to hold it for 45 more minutes, then for however long animal control took to get the bird out…

It was not possible. There was just no way. She sat on her bed and grinded into the corner of the mattress, rubbing her crotch with her fingers. She was trying to come up with a reason to leave the house by herself so she could find a gas station to empty her poor bladder, but it was hard to think with so much pee inside of her. That’s when she noticed a small cup by her bed.

Reese couldn’t believe what she was considering. It wasn’t even that big of a cup. But it seemed a lot easier to let a little out in her bedroom than spend a few minutes in LA traffic just to find a place to piss. God, she needed it so badly.

She grabbed the cup and drank the rest of the water that was inside it. Then, acutely aware of the lack of a lock on her door, hurriedly pulled her pants and panties down to her knees and positioned the cup under her crotch. It didn’t take long to start leaking. Her bladder was bursting. It also didn’t take long for the cup to get filled up. She didn’t even really get started by the time the warm, yellow liquid reached the brim and started to overflow through her fingers and splatter onto the hardwood floor.

“Ahh- nngh- n- no-“ she whined, standing up to held stop the flow. She gripped her crotch, feeling the pee stop coming out. She was trembling, her urethral sphincter stinging badly. There was less urine inside her, but she was dying. The sight of the cup full of warm, foaming urine repulsed her. She put it on the floor under her bed and shook her hands dry, dancing and writhing on the spot as she pulled her pants back up. It wasn’t much of a relief, and now her peehole stung fiercely.

She hurried out into the kitchen to wash her hands. The sight, sound, and feeling of the water on her hands caused the need to urinate to spike in urgency. She winced and wriggled madly on the spot, frantically getting the soap off her hands and wiping them on her pants. She gave herself a squeeze, cautiously making sure Ava hadn’t seen the embarrassing display. She hadn’t.

Reese checked how much time passed since the phone call. 30 minutes. Halfway there. As she hobbled back to the couch, she was doubting herself pretty heavily. She couldn’t keep still for even a couple of seconds. Despite the discomfort, she was a grown woman who trusted her ability to control her body. She gritted her teeth through the throbs and waited.

*001*2023-03-19 23:31

Part Two

Ava eyed Reese for a second. “Hey man, are you sure you’re okay?”

Reese nodded.

She narrowed her eyes at her. “Do you have to pee?”

“N-No!” she laughed nervously.

“You do have to pee!” she laughed. Reese chuckled nervously, her cheeks turning pink. “Aw, poor baby. They’ll be here soon! You called them, what, like-“

“A half an hour ago,” she finished, wriggling into her foot.

“Do you have to go bad?”

Reese hesitated, embarrassment choking her up.

“Alright alright, I’m sorry! Let’s get you distracted. What do you wanna do?”

“I don’t care,” she said.

“Oh come on. You wanna play a video game? How about mariokart?”

Suddenly, a jolt of urgency and discomfort rippled through her urinary system, and her tired urethra trembled with exertion. She had to fight her hands to keep from grabbing at her crotch. The wave of desperation caused her to tense every muscle in her body, squirming and twitching to keep from leaking. “U-Uh, y-yeah, s-sure-“ her voice was strained, her bladder too tight and full to allow her to compose herself through the pain.

“Okay, you gotta set it up though.”

“What? Ava, I’m not even the one-“

“It’s about distracting you! It’s a good distraction!”

Reese sighed, thinking for a second as the wave dissipated. It was sound logic. “Where’s your switch?”

“On my bed.”

She got up, liquid weighing heavily in her belly. She walked awkwardly into her friend’s room, letting her hand go in between her thighs as soon as she was out of sight. The fishtank bubbled distractingly, causing her to cringe and squirm as she pulled the bedsheets around until she found what she was looking for. She did a little hop before going back out there.

When she kneeled in front of the TV, she nonchalantly dug the back of her foot into herself, biting her lip and trying to keep her potty dance to a minimum. As she dug through the games, a sudden and sharp increase in her urge to piss caused her body to jerk. She gasped as it refused to pass, nearly forcing a powerful spurt out into her shorts. She wriggled and writhed, frantically pulling the cartridge out of the case and shoving it into the console, a desperate way to keep her hands busy so she doesn’t just grab her you-know-what right in front of her roommate.

“You okay?” Ava asked, sounding amused.

“Yeah!” Reese answered quickly, shame welling up inside her.

“Are you, uh… Are you gonna be able to hold it?”

“Yes!” she replied, annoyed, as she shoved the switch into the dock.

“That doesn’t sound too confident, man.”

Reese sighed inwardly, embarrassed and miserable. She slid the controllers out, handed one to Ava, then flumped down on the couch, urine sloshing uncomfortably around inside her as she did so. “Yes, Ava, I can hold it. I just… I really have to go, okay?”

“That’s okay, I’m just saying. You know, I can drive you somewhere if you need me to.”

“No, you don’t-“ she started, writhing around and holding her breath as her body tried to push more urine out. “You don’t need to do that…”

It was an exceptionally uncomfortable few rounds of mariokart. Reese couldn’t even stay still, let alone perform well in her game. Her bladder was so taut and overfull that it started to hurt, keeping her unable to even think of anything else. Perspiration formed on her forehead and above her lip. There wasn’t a single moment where she wasn’t straining and writhing her lower half. Occasional surges of pressure made her jolt and bounce around, desperately scooting her crotch into her foot to keep from leaking.

“Booyah! Four in a row!” Ava celebrated, pumping her fists in the air.

“Ooh-“ she winced as she checked her phone again, pulling her waistband away from her bulging pee baby with her free hand. It had been 50 minutes since she made the call. “Ten minutes ‘till they get here,” she mumbled, squirming into the seat. Her worried face was a deep red of embarrassment and discomfort.

“At a certain point, you gotta consider the sink,” Ava said.

Reese reeled back in disgust. “What? Have you pee’d in the sink before?”

She pursed her lips, holding back a giggle. “I mean, sometimes you take super long in the shower…”

Reese cupped her hands over her mouth. “Ughhh, dude! We wash dishes in there! That’s disgusting!”

“Well, I rinse it out!”

“I can’t even- Ew. Ew. I feel like I’m gonnaaa-“ her bladder contracted fiercely, the intense urge to urinate wracking her body. She lurched forward and pushed her hands into her crotch. “Mmph! Hnngh-“ she wriggled and thrashed, grabbing madly at herself before jumping off the couch and running into her room.

“Where are you going!?”

She didn’t answer. She slammed the door behind her and jumped around, dancing crazily, fighting desperately not to pee her pants right there. Her urethral sphincter twitched, letting a single drop through, despite the dancing. She sat down in the chair, parted her knees and scooted hard, rubbing her crotch and whining in pain. This wave just didn’t want to pass.

Tears started to well up in her eyes. She stuck her hands inside her underwear and held her moist pussy directly. She could feel how big and hard her swollen bladder was against her wrists. The poor girl felt like she was about to explode. Her pulsating, overstretched bladder walls were genuinely struggling to contain the massive volume of urine inside of her. A genuine dread started to form inside her, an almost expectation of an impending accident…

A knock at the front door. Despite her extreme need to piss, her spirits lifted a bit. Relief was near. The door opened, she heard some muffled talking…

“In here?” a man’s voice said.

“Yeah,” Ava replied. “You’d better hurry. My roommate…” the voices got muffled again. Reese burned with embarrassment.

She inhaled sharply, tightening her grip on her groin as another wave washed over her. Her bladder was giant, radiating pain as it begged to be emptied. She broke out into a potty dance again, hanging over the side of the seat to dig the corner of the chair into herself. A slight trickle started to seep out of her. In complete alarm, she jumped up out of her seat and writhed on the spot, struggling to stop the flow. She whimpered, her peehole stinging and her kidneys aching as the stemmed the stream, a small spot now visible on the front of her shorts. She was choking back sobs, tears streaming down her face.

A clatter, a screeching bird. “Whoa, whoa, there we go. There we go.”

Reese fell down onto the bed and tossed and turned, holding herself with her hands in her underwear. She spurted hard into her palms. “Nnnngh!” she whined, straining to stop.

“Thank you so much!” Ava said, footsteps receding and voices getting fainter.

The pee was still trickling out, darkening the crotch of her shorts. She jumped up off the bed and frantically scrambled to the bathroom, but stopped at her door. The stain was too obvious to hide. As hot urine leaked down her pale thighs, spread across the underside of her shorts and made them heavy, she gave in. She cried, but she let it out, parting her legs and letting the stream jet full force into her underwear. She moaned and jerked her hips with pleasure, biting her lip.

“Reese?” Ava called. Panic set in. Still peeing hard, she took a couple steps away from the door, covering herself.

“Uh- hold on!”

“The bathroom’s open, babe. I know you really gotta go.”

Her bedroom door started to open. She rushed forward and slammed it. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I just-“ she stuttered, trying to find some explanation of why she would do that while she continued to soak her shorts. Piss streaming down her legs and puddled at her feet. Looking down, she saw the puddle creeping under the door… “Oh god…” she muttered to herself.

“Uh oh…” Ava said. “I thought you said- I’ll… I’ll get you a towel.”

Reese dropped to a squat and cried, leaning against the door. Urine was still forcefully being let out, hours and hours of it. It pooled in the butt of her shorts and seeped out at the leg holes.

Ava pushed a towel up against the bottom of the door. “There’s another one out here, too,” she said. “Can I come in?”

Reese didn’t respond. She was crying and peeing herself. An all time low that she’d prefer to stay private.

“I’m sorry that happened,” she said. “I don’t know if this makes you feel better, but… The, uh…” she sounded nervous. “The reason I started peeing in the sink is ‘cause, like… That happened to me before, too… A couple times, actually…” she paused. Reese’s stream was finally starting to die off. “I just wasn’t used to holding it like that. I always just went as soon as I had to, then all of a sudden, I live here and we share a bathroom…” Another pause. Reese’s bladder was now sufficiently drained. Hot pee still dripped down her legs. “Anyway, I don’t know why I told you that, I just want you to know I don’t think anything of it, you know? And…”

She was still going, but Reese wasn’t listening. She got up and opened the door a bit. Ava stopped mid-sentence.

“Thanks,” she sniffed. Then, surprisingly and without warning, Ava pulled her in for a hug. She stuck her butt out away from her to keep from getting pee on her, but ultimately hugged her back.
