The Sphere - Page 4

Author: SashaButters

*076*2015-11-20 23:24

Chapter 12

Becca sat quietly in the backseat trying to digest what she had just heard. People were dying because of what Brian had created…that couldn’t be true! It wasn’t like he was the one who had put it on the market. The guys who had broken it and stolen it were clearly the ones at fault, right? After all Becca had specifically heard Brian tell them that it was untested. Lots of people make un-safe stuff! It’s trial and error! That’s why these kinds of things were tested first on mice and rats.

A small fear in the back of her head began to grow despite her logical side fighting for all it was worth. What if it wasn’t the people that had broken in that released it to the public but Brian himself? What if she had it all backwards? What if the people who had broken in were the people she was about to work for? What if the SPP only accepted her to get to Brian? That would make more sense than someone like her getting in. So many possibilities and what ifs raced through her pounding head that did nothing to alleviate her headache. She didn’t know what to do or think anymore. She had been so excited and had felt so honored to be chosen, but now she questioned their motivations. Clearly there were other people more deserving than her, which only led her to believe there was some form of ulterior motive.

“You’re awfully quiet back there.” Trevor commented looking back in his rear-view mirror. “Everything alright?”

“Yeah,” Becca mumbled letting out a heavy sigh while feeling hopelessly trapped in the prison that was her own mind.

“You don’t sound alright.” Heather said sounding concerned. “Becca, have you been taking your medication?” Great, here it comes, she thought grumbling. “Becca?” Heather asked again.

“Yes, I’m taking it!” Becca said a little too quickly as she stared out the window. Taking it and flushing it down the toilet that is. “Sorry, it’s just my head hurts.” She said. It was true after all. Her head felt like there was a nest of wasp strapped underneath her bandages and were trying to burrow into the back of her skull in protest. If this was the best money could buy she hated to know what the cheap version felt like.

###

“So, Becca, tell me. How are things?” Dr. Finnick, the psychiatrist from before asked while Becca wondered how she had managed to get talked back into coming to this place.

“It’s going better.” Becca said after taking a second to think about it. Things really had drastically improved in the last few days. She doubted things would ever be the same again since she imagined her mother wouldn’t be too pleased to found out Brian had been faking his own death, but they were certainly better than they had been before.

“Better how?” Dr. Finnick asked.

“With my family.” She admitted telling the truth for once. “Once I was finally able to admit to my mom how much I missed Brian, our relationship has been better. She’s not taking it out on me anymore.”

“And how are you doing with that?”

“About the same.” She said with a shrug. It wasn’t something she really wanted to talk about.

“Have you gotten any more messages from him?” He asked surprising Becca a bit. What happened to him telling her she needed to accept his death?

“No,” She said disappointment evident in her voice. He hadn’t even responded to her getting accepted and if that hadn’t gotten him to talk; he really must be in a situation where he couldn’t.

“Do you still believe he’s alive?” He asked peeking over the tops of his wire-rimmed glasses. Becca wondered why he didn’t just get laser eye surgery to correct his vision; almost no one wore glasses anymore. She had a hard time taking anyone seriously that didn’t get with the times.

“Yeah, I do.” Becca admitted as he scribbled something down in his notes. “I think he’s in some kind of trouble.” There was no real point in lying here; he was legally bound to secrecy after all and she felt as if she was cracking underneath the pressure of bearing all this information alone.

“Go on,” He said without looking up.

“Well, it’s kind of a long story. I guess I should start off by saying I got accepted into the SPP.” Becca said. She figured it was ok to tell him since he was her psychiatrist; it wasn’t like she was blabbing to any civilian on the street. The Dr. looked at her in such a way that reminded Becca of a parent listening to a small child telling an enormous lie.

“I see.” He finally said after a moment of silence sounding as if he was talking to a person who had just told him they believed they were the re-incarnation of Napoleon Bonaparte. It irritated Becca to no end that no one believed she was SPP material. She scowled while digging in her pocket and retrieving proof in the form of her congratulatory notice of acceptance. She hit the print button on her phone and a red laser appeared creating a physical copy in the palm of her hand in mere seconds. She had to admit those built in temporary 4-D printers really came in handy for times like this. Becca handed him the letter with a slight smug satisfaction while she watched him read the message.

“Oh,” Was all he managed to say before the letter disintegrated in the palm of his hand once he was done with it. The look on his face more than made up for his lack of words. Maybe now he would take her more seriously. “You must be very excited; being selected is quite the honor.” He said once he had recovered.

“Oh, I am!” Becca said listing off all the things she was looking forward to. “There’s one thing I’m a little worried about though.” She admitted. “I think my brother is in hiding from the people I’m about to go work for?”

“Why do you say that?” He asked unsure of what to make of the situation now.

“I know he would never purposefully hurt anyone, but he may have created the drug that’s killing people.” Becca said. The first thing she had done after getting home that day was research everything she could about what had been happening in the world since she had been locking herself in her room. She was never that good about keeping up with current events to begin with, so what she saw came as a shock. There had been a total of seven confirmed deaths linked with the drug being marketed under the name “Euphoria”. It was all as Tom said. Something about it was increasing the sensitivity in the brain to virtual wounds. People all over the world who had taken this drug were being rushed to the hospital after waking up with injuries sustained in virtual reality.

“Becca?” The Dr. said snapping her from her thoughts.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that. What did you say?”

“I asked why that would make you un-easy?”

“I can’t help but wonder why I got into the SPP. What if it was the SPP that had broken in and stolen the drug Brian was working on. If that was the case and he was running from them, then wouldn’t it mean I was only accepted so they could get to Brian?” She asked. It had really been bugging her.

“We all doubt our own abilities sometimes, Becca. Do you think you are using this situation as a way to justify your acceptance?”

“I don’t know.”

“Did you go through tests like everyone else?”

“Yeah, there were some interviews and this one test that was pretty hard.” Becca said unsure of how much she was allowed to tell him.

“And did you pass without any additional help?”

“Yes, but-“

“Then you were chosen because of your abilities, not because of who your brother may or may not have been.” He said continuing before Becca could let the words have been sink in. “You should hold your head up high. If you passed all the tests like you say you did; then you deserve this. Don’t let anyone, yourself or otherwise, convince you that you don’t.”

Becca nodded her head quietly. Maybe he was right; maybe she was just overthinking this because no one thought she was SPP material. “Thanks,” she mumbled.

“Here, I think this will do you some good.” He said handing her another prescription as Becca frowned. Another one? Was he trying to drug her? “I want you to stop taking the other one and take this one instead.”

“Sure,” Becca lied. These were going in the same place as the others.

###

Christmas was fast approaching it seemed. The chilly mid-December air swept across Becca’s face and hair as she stood shivering on the front porch. She loved coming out here and watching the snow flakes falling in the glow of the Christmas lights that hovered mid air. Today marked exactly one month since her family had been torn apart by the intruders; which side of the law they were on was currently unknown to Becca and it continued to gnaw at her insides.

It was Sunday, and although she had all but given up hope of Brian joining her, it felt wrong of her to break the tradition. So Becca hobbled back inside, logged into the Sphere, and selected Brains, Tasty Brains, and logged into multi-player mode out of habit. It was an older game, but one of Brian’s and Becca’s favorites.

###

Sasha sat on the bench in the waiting for players lounge as she selected weapons from her inventory to equip. They had always met in room 213 at 7pm, so for the last month Sasha would come to room 213 to equip her items before being booted out. She knew she’d soon get an error message asking her if she wanted to play solo instead or join a different group. Essentially, it was a nice way to say You’ve been stood up, please leave so we can give the room to someone else. She let out a sigh as she checked the time. 7:15; today would be no different.

“Is this seat taken?” A voice asked coming from behind her. It wasn’t uncommon for people to wander in looking for an empty room or a group to play with.

“Go ahead, I was just leaving.” Sasha said without looking up before standing and turning towards the door. The person who entered stepped in front of her forcing Sasha to meet his face. She stood in place staring wide-eyed at the mystery intruder. “Brian!” She shouted throwing her arms around him.

*078*2015-11-22 04:34

“Brian! I missed you so much!” Sasha said squeezing her arms around her brother despite not being able to feel him.

“Missed you too.” He said as Sasha pulled away with a wide grin stretched across her face.

“I was so worried about you!” she said looking him up and down.

“I told you I was okay; you didn’t need to worry about me.” He said.

“I can’t wait to tell mom and dad you’re back; they’ll be so relieved, though I can’t promise you mom won’t kill you for making her worry. In fact, you’re lucky I don’t kill you.” Sasha said as the smile quickly dropped from Brian’s face.

“No, Becca, I still need everyone to think I’m dead.” He said holding Sasha still by her arms as she frowned in confusion.

“But why? Everyone’s really upset! Why can’t they know?”

“Look, it’s complicated okay. The fewer people that know I’m alive the better.”

“Brian, what happened? What’s going on?” Sasha demanded. If this wasn’t him coming out of hiding, than what was going on? Surely he hadn’t come just to play zombies with her. He looked stressed and tired. If only she could get him to relax.

“Do you really want to know?” He asked as Sasha nodded her head. She really did want to know, but it would have to wait. “Let’s go somewhere more private then; I know a place.”

“Just answer one question first: Laser or automatic?” She asked holding up the two guns as Brian’s face relaxed.

“You always know how to make me feel better.” He said with a smirk. She’d question him later, but for now, they had some catching up score wise to do.

###

“You are so going down.” Sasha said into her helmets microphone. Out of all the years they had played this together she had never once beaten him. Brian was nervous, tired, worn-out and on the run, so like any good sibling, she was going to take advantage of that.

She peeked her head around the decaying corner before slowly stepping around the debris of the abandoned laboratory. Old green and white paint was chipping off the walls, broken glass was scattered along the floor from the blown out windows and there was a half torso of a human crawling towards her along the floor. Sasha jumped back before pulling the trigger and vaporizing it without a second thought. She hated those things; ankle biters she called them. They’d crawl out from behind stuff when you thought the coast was clear and latch on to a leg if you weren’t careful.

“Everything okay? You’re not dead yet are you? We haven’t even cleared the third floor yet.” Brian said.

“Just a crawler, I haven’t found the horde yet. What’s your count?”

“Three crawlers, two walkers, and a devil hound.” He said proudly. Damn, he was killing her. She smiled, nothing had changed.

“Damn, I’m-“ Sasha was about to say when her field of vision started flashing red. She was taking on damage! Sasha spun around only to find four walkers jumping on her with decayed, black, jagged teeth barred. She backed up as fast as she could, but they eventually over powered her.

Sorry, Game over.

Sasha found herself back in the lobby that acted as the game menu. She let out a sigh of defeat. She should have known better than to let her guard down. A few minutes later Brian appeared and the two went over their failed missions like they had hundreds of times before.

“Ah, thanks, Becca, I needed that.” Brian said grinning as he put his weapons away.

“I just realized you’re not in avatar form.” Sasha said with sudden clarity. He was just…Brian in the flesh. Not Eric, his avatar. Brian narrowed his eyes and sighed.

“It’s not safe to use Eric, they know what he looks like and will probably be alerted if I log on using him. I was going to make a new one, but then how would you recognize me?” Sasha shrugged. She never understood her brother’s logic, so why bother trying now. “I think we should go somewhere private now.” He suggested getting serious as Sasha nodded her head in agreement.

###

“A love hotel?" Sasha asked in confusion after entering the address and appearing in front of the Two Hearts as One. “Why?” She couldn’t help but ask. “Who takes their little sister to a love hotel?”

“No one would look for me here and we can talk privately in a room.” He explained putting an arm around Sasha as she made a weird face as they walked towards the front desk. “Act normal.”

“My brother is taking me to a love hotel! How am I supposed to act?” She hissed back before smiling as the front desk lady began talking to Brian.

“Hello, will you be staying the night, or just resting?” She asked.

“Just resting, please.” Brian said smiling back as if absolutely nothing was wrong with this picture and slid his wrist underneath the scanner. She had never been inside a love hotel before! What if she saw or heard something that would scar her for life? She was in a building that’s sole purpose was for having sex. She eyed the walls as they walked together into the elevator while imagining STDs seeping through the cracks. Were people having sex right here in the elevator? Did they clean it like they cleaned the rooms? Part of her wanted to turn on Sphere vision, but the other part of her was afraid of what she would find. She huddled close to Brian in the hopes he would somehow protect her from the unknown horrors that lurked within this love hotel.

“Why are there love hotels in virtual reality anyway? It’s not like you could feel anything, so what’s the point?” Sasha asked stepped out of the elevator and looking around. She was a little surprised to find it looked like a plain old boring hotel.

“The same reason there’s love hotels in the real world.” He said cocking his head in confusion. “People can hook up in virtual reality too, obviously in full dives though.” He explained while leading her to their room. Becca wasn’t sure what to expect when Brian opened the door. A giant bed in the shape of a heart? A Jacuzzi in the middle of the room? Lit candles and flower petals leading a trail to the bed? She frowned when she peeked inside to find just a regular looking bed. There was absolutely nothing romantic about this room at all, but she supposed this was better. She was with her brother after all. That could have made this so much more awkward than it already was.

“So start spilling!” Sasha ordered once she was done peeking around the room while carefully avoiding the bed like the plague.

“What do you want to know?” He asked, sitting down on the bed obviously not caring about what had previously taken place there.

“Why have you been playing dead? Who’s after you? What’s going on?” She asked as Brian ran his hand through his black hair.

“Have you been watching the news?” He finally asked as Sasha nodded her head.

“Was it your drug? The one that’s killing people?” Brian sighed as his hands shook.

“It was never supposed to get out to the public. It wasn’t ready! I hadn’t even tested it on lab mice yet! As for why I’ve been pretending to be dead; it’s for your safety as much as mine. If those people knew I was alive, they could come after you to get to me.” Finally it made perfect sense to Sasha. He had a point; they were in just as much danger as he was unless he pretended to be dead.

“Do you now who they were?” Sasha asked.

“I have no idea! I don’t even know how they found out I was even making a generic version. I’m going to find out though.” He said before meeting Sasha’s eyes. “I need to fix this, but I need your help to do this.”

“How can I help? Please, I’m so sorry! I want to make this right! If I had only listened to you…” Sasha said.

“Nothing would have changed.” Brian said. “If you’re serious about helping me, I need you to get me something from my house without mom or dad knowing. There’s a flash drive with all my research on it. I need you to make a copy and bring it to me. Can you do that?” She wanted to tell him she could barely walk, but the desperation in his eyes compelled her to agree. She had never seen her brother like this before, and finally, here he was presenting her a way she could help. She’d do anything she could to help him. If getting him his notes would keep more people from dying then she’d do it!

“I’ll get it to you. It might take a while, but I’ll figure out a way.” Sasha said.

“Please, I need you to hurry. Without that research, I can’t fix the drug.”

“Fix it?” Sasha asked.

“Yes, if I fix it then no one would want the faulty one.” Brian said. “I can’t control what people buy on the deep web. I could tell them until I’m blue in the face not to use it because it’s dangerous, but without something better, I don’t think I could convince people not to use it.” Sasha shrugged. She guessed he was right. He was the genius after all so she’d just have to trust him. “Oh, and by the way, congratulations!” He said with a wide smile that seemed to take up all of his face. “I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you before, but that’s awesome that you got accepted!”

“Thanks! It was hard.” Sasha admitted shuddering at the memories of what she had gone through in the fear simulator. She had wanted to tell him for so long, and now here she was talking with him. She was glad this wasn’t a full dive because her mouth would probably hurt from smiling so much. Here was proof sitting right in front of her that he was ok. He was alive, so screw you Dr. Finnick she thought with a smug smile. Grasping at straws my ass.

“Oh, look!” Sasha said showing him the back of her head. “I got the implants!”

“Becca, you realize this is virtual reality and I can’t see it, right?” he said with a grin.

“I-I knew that.” Sasha mumbled looking away. “I was just, uh, you know, showing you my new hair cut.”

“Oh, right, haircut.” He said with a laugh. “Sure. So how’d the procedure go?”

“It hurt so bad!” Sasha complained a bit over dramatically rubbing the back of her non-implanted head. “It felt like my head was going to split open all week!” In reality, it was more like a minor ache for two days. “And don’t even get my started on what I had to go through in virtual reality. Do you have any idea what it feels like to have your arms turned into penises?”

“Umm…no can’t say that I do.” Brian said cocking his head to the side. “Judging by the look on your face I’m going to assume I don’t want to know.”

“It was hot!” Sasha said as Brian recoiled.

“Umm, I didn’t know you were into that kind of thing, and I also didn’t need to know that.” He said as Sasha’s eyes grew wide at the realization of what she just said.

“I meant it burned!”

“You should probably get that checked out then.” He said grinning as Sasha rolled her eyes before chucking a pillow at his head.

“I couldn’t get away from the raptors with dick-vision once the full dive started kicking in and my back started hurting” She explained while shaking her head as if she were reliving a painful and traumatizing memory.

“Raptors with…dick vision?”

“Turned out the SPP paid for the full procedure AND unlimited add-ons. I was too nervous to think of any add-ons I wanted to the pre-historic safari and he said he had a few ideas so I let him.” Sasha said shrugging as Brian scowled.

“You let someone you didn’t know pick out your first full dive? You could have gotten hurt! Full dives aren’t like partial dives; not to mention you don’t know if you have the Necrobo Effect sensitivity.”

“I don’t think it’s biologically possible for my arms to turn into penises even if I did have the Necrobo disease.” Sasha insisted as Brian shook his head.

“That’s not the point; you didn’t even know what you had signed up for. What if you had accidentally volunteered for a rape game? Those things exist you know.” He scolded as Sasha hung her head. “You’re too trusting.”

Still as over-protective as always, she thought.

“What happened to your back?” he asked breaking the silence that had hung in the room.

“I got shot in the back.” Sasha reminded him feeling a bit confused. She was sure she had messaged him about it when she was in the hospital. His face fell as he grimaced and he seemed worried about something. “I’m ok though now.” Sasha lied in order to re-assure him. It was her fault she got hurt anyway.

“I’m sorry you got hurt.” Brian said while clenching his fists tightly together. “Can you still get the research, Becca? It’s really important.”

“I promise I’ll find a way to get it to you.” Sasha said as Brian visibly relaxed.

“Thank you, look I need to go. I can’t stay in place for too long.” Brian said standing up as Sasha frowned.

“Please don’t leave! We just got here and…and…” Sasha begged stumbling over her words. “I miss you.” She said throwing her arms around her brother while wishing she could feel him.

“I miss you too, Becca. When do you join?” He asked once they parted.

“The day after New Years. Can we meet again before then?”

“I’ll try, but I can’t make any promises. When you find the research, please send it to this address.” He said sending her a message. “Please stay out of trouble.” He said sending her a pleading look before walking out the door.

Sasha sat on the bed staring off into space as she let her mind wander. Brian had confirmed everything that she had suspected. He was in danger, people were after him, and it was his drug that was causing the deaths of people. At least it wasn’t him that had put it on the market, she was more than happy to hear that. Not to mention he was alive! She was 100 percent convinced now and it felt as though a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders. She smiled widely before falling back on the bed. One day they’d be a family again, although she didn’t know when that would be; it didn’t matter. Finally, she could help make things right as well! Why did she even blame herself all this time? She wondered staring up at the ceiling before sitting up and looking around the room.

Sphere Vision on!

Sasha’s eyes widened in horror as she looked around the room. Oh god oh god oh god. She quickly hopped off the bed as what had previously been invisible now shone brightly in Sphere Vision. Gross gross gross! Why did I do that? It’s on the bed, it’s on the walls, and HOW THE HELL DID THEY GET IT ON THE CEILING? Sasha thought before running out the room. Shower! I need a shower!

*080*2015-11-22 07:06

{{:

The ending killed me. Good job!

}}

Thanks XD I have have a terribly twisted sense of humor. Kind of a take on what would happen if you went into a shady motel with a black light lol

*083*2015-11-22 18:48

Thanks :) but let's be honest, with my current skill level ,my work is nowhere close to getting published anytime soon. Let say getting traditionally published is like playing professional ball. I'm still playing on a Jr high school team

*085*2015-11-23 23:10

{{:

Well, I think you have better writing than some of the writers out there who are getting published. This story is just awesome, along with your other works, of course.

}}

Heh, thanks. There's things out there that make me wonder how?? I think I need to take some formal classes or something to try and get help with my grammer. I don't doubt my ability to come up with a story, but it's the technical stuff that seems really off and awkward to me if that makes sense

*088*2015-11-24 02:35

{{:

You don't need to take classes. You can't learn to write from classes and I'd advise against it. Your style is good as it is. Yeah, it's not perfect, but no one is. My advice would be to keep working and writing as you do, and keep reading, and if you find something you think needs to be fixed based on that, try to find a way to emulate what you like in your writing and find a good medium. Keep your style your own, but don't be afraid to be influenced.

}}

Hmm, maybe I should rephrase this. I need to learn how to proof read and edit as well. I need help with more than just a comma goes here and semi colon goes there, but how to stick in the correct tense, and don't even get me started on homophones! I've taken a few creative writing classes but they didn't actually teach you anything…it was just write and read it out loud… I think what I need is more along the lines of an english composition rather than creative writing Idk Maybe once november's over I'll start trying to google ways too improve and stuff.

*090*2015-11-29 22:42

The next few days seemed to crawl slowly along. Becca spent most of her time lost in a world of planning and scheming. How could she get to Brian’s house without raising suspicion? How could she even get to Brian’s house period? She could barely walk as it was let alone drive the hover bike, walk down the stairs to Brian’s lab and search the place.

Walking was still a slow and painful experience, and the healing process seemed to be taking its sweet time. For the last few days Becca’s back had been in much more pain than usual. It could be much worse she knew. If the bullet had been even an inch more to the right she may never have walked again. Becca was thankful that it hadn’t come to that, but it still agitated her nonetheless that she needed help with simple things. Some days were of course better than others. While moving much slower than the average person, she could still dress herself, but bending down to tie her shoes was out of the question. It almost seemed like the more she needed to hold on to something, the more likely she was to drop it and not be able to pick it up.

Other days though the pain was so severe she needed help with the smallest and simplest of tasks, but instead of simply asking for help, she just wouldn’t do it. Becca would rather lounge around in three-day-old clothes than ask her mom to help dress her. On her bad days, Becca would hide in her room and stay in virtual reality as long as possible. Before, she used it to escape from the pain and guilt of what happened to Brian, but now that she knew he was okay, there was nothing to distract her from her physical pain.

Heather had assumed for the longest time that Becca simply liked lounging around in her own filth since no amount of nagging seemed to motivate her. It wasn’t until later on that mid December afternoon when Heather was going to drag Becca out of bed, whether she wanted to or not, did she walk in and discover Becca trying- and failing- to take off an old shirt. Heather stood silently in the doorway for a second taking in the scene of her daughters struggle. Her first reaction was to laugh, as it appeared Becca had managed to simply get herself stuck. It was when Heather could hear the faint sounds of sobbing coming from underneath the shirt stuck over Becca’s head did she realize there was a problem.

Heather gently threaded her daughter’s arms through and lifted the shirt off Becca’s head, only to find a tear-streaked face underneath. “Why didn’t you say something?” Heather asked. Becca simply shook her head. How could she put into words how humiliating it was that she couldn’t even dress herself on her bad days. And lately it seemed everyday was a bad day. “How long has this been going on for?”

“A few days.” Becca mumbled. “Most days I can dress myself, but sometimes…” She said standing awkwardly half naked in her room while her mom picked out some clean clothes from the closet. “It’s just right now it hurts so bad I can barely move my arms a few inches past my side without feeling pain.”

“Oh, Becca,” Heather said quietly after getting a look at her back. The last time Heather had seen the wound was two weeks ago. It had been barely the size of a half dollar and was healing quite nicely, but now the once small area took up nearly half of Becca’s lower back due to the swelling. It was red and irritated while puss oozed out a small opening. “No wonder it hurts; it’s infected! Come on, let’s get you to the bathroom and get this cleaned up.” Heather said guiding her to the bathroom.

“AHH!” Becca screamed when Heather lightly touched the outer area with a damp washcloth.

“I don’t like the way this looks. TREVOR!” She suddenly yelled into the hallway making Becca flinch from the sudden loud noise.

“Mom, no! I’m not wearing a shirt!” Becca complained. She doubted she could move her arms up in order to cover herself. Heather shifted her so that she facing the bathtub with her back exposed to the open door as Trevor came to see what the problem was.

“Wow,” Was all Trevor could say when he saw the oozing sore.

“I’m not sure what to do.” Heather said lightly pressing the outer area as Becca screamed again. “Should we take her back to the hospital?” The hospital? She’d never be able to get Brian his research if she was in the hospital! How long would she be in there for? A day? A week? What about Christmas? Would they have to celebrate Christmas in the hospital?

“No, no hospital!” Becca moaned.

“I’m sorry, Becca, but you need antibiotics.” Heather said. “Trevor, can you help me get her in the car?”

“Shirt! Someone get me a shirt!” Becca insisted. No way was she going anywhere in public topless. Heather tried a few loose fitting t-shirts, but by the third attempt they all realized it was a no go. The open sore throbbed painfully with every movement and Becca was sure it had opened up in the last attempt to feed her arm through the sleeve. She was almost to the point of openly sobbing again from the pain of the air. Every movement she made was utter agony, and so in the second most awkwardest moment in the last two months Trevor somehow managed to scoop her up with one arm under her butt and another under her shoulder and carried her to the car topless.

Becca leaned forward as much as she could in the backseat of the van to prevent the material from touching her back. She hardly even cared that she almost caused a fender bender at the stoplight when a driver along side the van did a double take when he noticed she was topless. Trevor, in the most dad move possible, lifted up his own shirt and flashed him his own hairy nipples when he noticed the peeping tom. She smiled knowing he was only trying to make her feel better. She would have been in fits of laughter if it hadn’t been for the pain. Heather simply shook her head and sighed having long given up on understanding the two of them.

The walk into the emergency room was much the same as the walk to the car with Becca resting her chin on Trevor’s shoulder like a small child. It was weird, yet oddly comforting. She had no idea her dad was that strong, and at least this way no one could see her exposed chest. If she had tried to walk on her own it might have taken her at least 15 minutes and she no longer would have had any nipples, as she was pretty sure they would have frozen off from the cold.

One of the nice things about living up in the mountains was there was hardly anyone in the waiting rooms. Instead of plopping her in a chair, Trevor sat down and kept her in his lap saying it would be easier this way to get her back up again. She found it odd at first being 18 and bare-chested (not like she really had much to expose). It looked like they were about to take one of those awkward family re-enactment photos. She remembered climbing up in his lap like this a lot when she was little. She was really going to miss him when she was gone she thought resting her head against his shoulder.

The minutes slowly ticked by, but the next thing she knew they were walking again. She realized she must have fallen asleep. She could vaguely recall her mom talking to someone before she felt a hospital blanket get draped over her shoulders. She was so cold she had gladly accepted it even though it stung whenever the material rubbed against the sore. They all walked into an examination room and Trevor set her down on the table. Becca shivered missing her dad’s warm embrace.

“Stick out your arm, honey.” A lady in brightly colored hospital scrubs said. Becca slowly pulled her arm out allowing the lady to scan her chip as they waited for the results. After a light chirp, she announced that Becca was running a temperature of 102.4, and that her white blood cell count was high meaning that she had an infection.

After she left, Becca gently lowered herself down into a lying position cringing and grimacing from pain all the way down. She finally managed to get somewhat comfortable lying on her stomach as they waited for another unknown period of time until the Dr. arrived. When she came in, she lifted the blanket off Becca’s back and after looking at it for less than five seconds announced she would be admitting her into the hospital.

Becca grumbled a bit under her breath while the Dr. lectured her the entire way into admitting about how her carelessness in keeping the area clean resulted in the infection. Her mom was going to have a field day with her when they got back home. She had been too embarrassed about asking for help washing her back, and they hadn’t been getting along for a while. How was she supposed to ask for help with something like that when at the time she couldn’t sit in her mothers presence for more than a few minutes? Sure, it was better now, but for how much longer? This was definitely going to open up a whole can of worms.

“We’re going to X-ray the area just to make sure.” The Dr. mentioned in passing while the X-ray tech wheeled her away. What was the lecture for if she wasn’t even sure? It wasn’t like there was a giant chunk of dirt in it or something. How did she know she wasn’t washing it properly? Perhaps because it had been a few days since she had last showered and there was enough grease in her hair to fry bacon. The water touching her skin had just hurt too much. She wasn’t that lazy. Usually.

After a few agonizing minutes of rolling from side to side so they could get pictures of different angles, she was wheeled up into a room. She had expected to get jumped about her hygiene, but it had been a surprising day.

“I should have helped you.” Heather said to Becca’s surprise. Wait? Where was the lecture? The nagging? “I was so wrapped up with Brian, and then there was his funeral and everything, I never noticed you were having trouble taking care of yourself.” Becca just stared blankly at her before glancing over at Trevor who appeared equally as shocked.

“I never asked.”Becca replied. Her and her big mouth. Why couldn’t she just take the easy way out and stay quiet? Heather didn’t respond so Becca rested her head on the pillow before drifting back into another light and restless sleep.

Becca dreamed about people dying. She dreamed she had walked into a morgue only to discover hundreds of body bags just lying around on the floor. “I need you, Becca.” A voice said. She spun around to find Brian standing in the corner with a deeply panicked expression all over his face. “What have I done?” He whispered. “Please, help me. They’re going to get me.”

“Who is going to get you?” Becca asked before Brian began backing up with until his back was completely against the wall. The sounds of unzipping bags caused Becca to turn just in time to see hundreds of rotting bodies covered in all different kinds of injuries begin to rise out of the bags.

“You killed us! You did this to us!” They said in unison in deep raspy voices as they all walked passed Becca to get to Brian.

“No, it wasn’t his fault!” Becca yelled. “Please don’t hurt him!” They kept on slowly marching forward as Brian stayed still with his back to the wall completely surrounded. “Run, Brian!” She shouted, but it was too late. She had to turn her head away as his screams filled the echoing basement as she saw the shadows on the wall of him getting torn apart limp from limp. “BRIAN!”

“Becca, honey, wake up.” Trevor whispered lightly in her ear putting a hand to her shoulder as she jolted awake. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” He apologized.

Becca looked around the room trying to get her bearings. A different person than before stood in a lab coat beside her bedside. She completely zoned out as her parents talked to the Dr. in her place as her thoughts were lost in her dream. She’d help him! She had too! She didn’t come back down to earth until she heard the word, “surgery”.

“Huh, what?” Becca said looking from the Dr. to her parents.

“I was just telling your parents we need to take you back to surgery.” He said. Becca’s eyes went wide. Surgery? Why? Wasn’t it just infected because she didn’t keep the wound clean? “According to the X-ray it looks like we missed a small piece of the bullet that broke off from the main chunk. It appears as though that’s what’s causing the infection. Once we get it out we can begin treating you with a round of antibiotics and you should be good to go. If everything goes as planned you should be able to go home tomorrow.”

Becca breathed a sigh of relief. So it wasn’t her fault the wound had gotten infected after all. She really dodged a bullet there so to speak. Once she was put back into virtual reality she’d message Brian and let him know what was happening. Hopefully he’d understand she’d need more time.

“We’ll be wheeling her into the operating room soon. A nurse will be with you shortly to put you in virtual reality when you get there.” He instructed. Becca nodded her head in understanding.

“Will the same lady be there?” Becca asked.

“What lady?”

“The one that greets people in virtual reality and sits with the patients.” Becca explained. “To keep people from thinking they’re dead.”

“Oh, I didn’t know the hospital employed anyone like that. About time I’d say. Some old lady nearly sued the hospital last year. I can’t believe there are still people out there that have never been in virtual reality.” Becca flashed her mom a smile, who pretended to be interested in her fingernails in return. Becca never quite understood her mom’s avoidance of virtual reality. Heather had always said it would rot your brain and that it was bad to get hooked on something that wasn’t real, but almost everything now used virtual reality. Schools, and work used virtual reality in place of commuting and even hospitals heavily relied on it. General anesthesia was a thing of the past, and even painkillers were only given when your time was up for the day.

“Are you ready?” A nurse asked once Becca had been wheeled into the operating room.

“Yes.” She responded. She was more than happy to return to that beach away from her pain. She closed her eyes as the helmet was lowered over her head and the countdown began. In just a few more seconds it would all be over. Her stomach did the usual flip and in the blink of an eye she was far away from her pain and problems. “Much better.” She said looking over the horizon of the peaceful little island as she listened to the waves crash along the shore.

“Welcome back.” A familiar voice said. Sasha turned her head to find the same lady as before sitting on the beach by herself.

“Don’t you ever get bored sitting here by yourself?” Sasha asked.

“Sometimes.” The lady admitted. “We don’t get that many patients in here. I didn’t think I’d be seeing you again. What happened?”

“The wound got infected.” Sasha said.

“Oh, you really need to be careful taking care of those kinds of things.” She scolded. Sasha scowled. Why did everyone think it was her fault?

“It got infected because they didn’t remove all the bullet fragments the first time.” Sasha said feeling slightly vindicated seeing the look of surprise on Susan’s face. Ok, so it probably could have gotten infected just as easily from not taking care of it, but she didn’t need to know that was a possibility.

“I’m sorry to hear that.”

They sat in silence for a bit as Sasha stretched and sprawled out on her back now that she could pain free and no longer chilled from her fever. It was much more relaxing now that she wasn’t quite as worried about her brother and her injuries. A quick round of antibiotics and she’d be heading home.

“Did you hear about what’s been going on with all those people dying?” Susan asked breaking the comfortable silence. This is so not what Sasha wanted to talk about right now.

“A little bit.” She replied trying to hide her anxiety about the subject.

“So sad. Just goes to show you shouldn’t buy things off the deep web.” Susan said shaking her head back and forth. “They’re just cheap imitations, untested and unsafe.” Sasha was a little angry at hearing her brothers’ work being called a cheap imitation, but she was right. It was untested and unsafe; it should have never been put on the market to begin with. “On a lighter note, did you hear someone in our town got selected into the SPP?” Sasha breathed a sigh of relief. Now this subject she could handle.

“Yeah, how did you hear? Word sure travels fast.” Sasha said.

“Apparently it leaked from the dive center. Rumors have been flying left and right ever since they’ve been getting new equipment. Some think it’s that big looking guy that runs the Capsule market, while others think it’s someone that works at the center. Some people believe you have a better chance of getting in if you work there.” Sasha couldn’t help but grin a little. People really thought that would increase their chances?

“Who do you think it is?” Sasha asked trying not to look too suspicious.

“I don’t know. Hey, weren’t you trying to get in?” Susan asked as Sasha froze.

“Uh, yeah, I was trying.” She said.

“Well, maybe you can try again next year, now that this place has been put on their map maybe they’ll look more closely here.” Susan said. Sasha tried her best to keep her mouth shut as she let fistfuls of sand fall between her fingers. No one would ever suspect her. Maybe that’s how she was chosen. Maybe they selected the least likeliest people from the pool knowing people would think they were all the big and strong types. “I’m just kidding.” She said turning her attention to Sasha before leaning in closer and whispering. “I know it was you.”

###

Once Becca was out cold in virtual reality, they rolled her over onto her stomach so they could begin prepping for surgery.

“That’s quite swollen.” One of the surgeons said examining the wound and taking measurements. “We’ll have to lance it first and drain the puss before extracting the bullet fragments with the camera.” His steady gloved hand made precise incisions around the open sore before gently pressing down as the wound oozed and gushed. After they had managed to clean it out they inserted a tiny spider like robot that crawled into the open hole in Becca’s back. It crawled inch by inch scanning for anything that shouldn’t have been there.

“Why didn’t we use the spider drone in the first place?” One of the surgeons asked. He watched the screen as the picture displayed the live video feed coming from the drone.

“Who knows? Dr. Jeffeck needs to retire. He probably thought he pulled out the whole bullet and didn’t even bother checking for fragments.” The other surgeon said. “Man, look at all that debris in there! No wonder it’s this bad. We’re lucky the family doesn’t sure the hospital!”

“Speaking of being sued, she mentioned something to me earlier that got me thinking. Did the hospital hire someone to stay with the patients in virtual reality?”

“No. You think the hospital would pay to have someone sit in virtual reality all day?”

“Oh, that’s weird. The patient said there was someone in there last time that said they worked for the hospital.”

“Probably either one of the nurses got caught slacking off and made up some excuse about sitting on the beach or one of the mental patients was in there at the same time.”

“Yeah, you’re probably right, sounds like a nice place to take a lunch break if there were no patients in there. Well, looks like the spider got everything, it’s on its way back up. She should be good to go now after we sow her back up.”

*093*2015-11-30 03:24

(two chapters in one day!)

Christmas morning came sooner than Becca had anticipated. She kind of missed the days where the excitement and anticipation kept her tossing and turning all night. Now that she was older, it seemed like it was just another night, but before she fell asleep, she came up with the idea of how to get to Brian’s and search the place. She’d fake sick and get out of going to her aunts and while her parents were gone, she’d take the hover bike out.

After searching through her stocking full of goodies and snacks, she hobbled out to the kitchen to make herself a cup of coffee and wait for her parents to get up. She sat on the couch, sipping her cup and staring at all the presents under the tree reminiscing about trying to guess what they were with Brian. His stocking hung on the chimney as a painful reminder of his absence. He’ll be back home soon, she thought with a sigh.

“I miss him too,” Trevor said startling her a bit as she spilled coffee down her arm.

“Just not the same.” Becca agreed.

“Remember when you two used to fight over who got to put the angel on top of the tree?” He asked. Becca chuckled at the memory. One year her father had done it while they were busy arguing and it took them 20 minutes until they noticed. They made him take it back down and each of them got a turn being lifted up on his shoulders to put it on top.

When it came time for opening presents, Becca noticed she got a lot of family activity type stuff. She assumed it was so she could spend more of her time with them instead of in virtual reality during her last week at home.

Two hours before it was time to leave to go to her aunts, Becca put her plan into motion. She began complaining of a stomachache and didn’t move from the couch or open anything she got from Christmas. At the one hour mark she pretended to make a lot of trips to the bathroom, and at 30 minutes till, she covered her mouth with her hand and shuffled as quickly as she could before making fake vomiting noises from the toilet. Not wanting to be trapped in the car with her for two hours, Becca’s parents agreed to let her stay home, on the condition that she promised to stay out of virtual reality. She shuddered at the memory of a previous mishap and quickly agreed. After waiting 20 minutes to make sure they hadn’t forgotten anything, Becca made her way to the garage after fetching the keys to the hover bike.

It was near agony lifting her leg over to straddle the seat, but she eventually did it and backed out of the garage. It was more of an uncomfortable ride than painful, but it was still a little fun. If she hadn’t had a mission to accomplish, she would have taken her time or even gone out to the field to do a couple laps. Instead, she made a beeline for Brian’s place in the woods as the chilly afternoon air pushed against her face. When she arrived fifteen minutes later, the place had mostly been cleaned out. Her parents had already been here multiple times and had cleaned the place out several times. Most of Brian’s furniture had already been taken along with his desk. All that was left un touched was his laboratory in the basement. Finally, Brian’s organized chaos approach when it came to his lab had paid off. It was so far beyond overwhelming to their parents that everything had stayed where he left it.

Becca walked slowly amongst the rows of test tubes and computer monitors. She had no idea what she was actually looking for. He was so old fashioned at times; he said everything would be on a thumb drive. He just forgot to mention where that would be. Then again knowing him, he probably forgot where it was too. She lifted up various papers and knocked aside glasses and empty ramen containers. Becca got so frustrated with the mess she eventually just started knocking things onto the floor as a way to signal she had checked there already.

After an hour of searching and coming up with nothing, she sat down on a chair to try to think things through. Brian always loved to hide things when they were little. He’d always make a cache of all his important possessions that he didn’t want anyone else to find. He’d always make it super obvious though in his favorite places. She surveyed the mess once more as she tried her best to figure out where that would be. What was his favorite place down here? As hard as she tried to think, she could only draw a blank. The only thing here he was really attached to was…the fireplace! But would he hide anything up there though? How would he keep it from burning? Only one way to find out.

She slowly ( very very slowly) made her way up the stairs before collapsing from exhaustion on the couch. She was still weaker than she thought she was. She had only meant to close her eyes for a few minutes, but when she opened them back up it was already dark outside! Crap crap crap. Her parents would be back soon and all she had accomplished was trashing the place. After turning on the light, she carefully as she could peeked underneath the brick fireplace. She wasn’t quite sure what she was looking for, but as she glanced around something caught her eye. There appeared to be a brick sticking a quarter of an inch past all the others. She grabbed it and jiggled it feeling it slowly moving. She carefully pulled it out like a jenga piece to reveal something taped onto the outside of the brick. There it was! A black thumb drive! Becca quickly pulled her phone out and scanned it until it disappeared from the palm of her hand. I got it! Merry Christmas, Brian. Send.

She sped off on the bike as fast as she could, not even bothering to turn off the lights or lock the door to Brian’s house. Not like anyone would want to steal empty ramen cups anyway. She sped through traffic, running two stops signs on the way. She was cutting it close! She turned the corner and breathed a sigh of relief to see the van still missing. Right when she closed the garage door and cut the engine is when she heard it pull up. She quickly threw her coat and shoes off before hurrying inside and sitting on the couch right as her parents came through the front door.

“Hmm, you’re all sweaty, I hope you’re not running another fever.” Heather said taking a look at Becca’s exhausted face. “You still don’t look good. Maybe you should go lie down for a bit.” Becca couldn’t agree more with that idea. She plopped onto her bed and breathed a sigh of relief. She did it! Now Brian could fix whatever was going on. She pulled out her phone to check her Sphere messenger and saw Brian had replied.

This is it! You’re the best! Becca smiled widely before typing in her own response.

Next time you hide something in your fireplace, remember where you put it!

Finally she could concentrate on the SPP. She hoped she was able to do her part and get Brian out of whatever trouble he was in. She had faith in her brother that he could fix this mess. He was the smartest person she had ever known. Her phone buzzed again.

Sorry! You’re a lifesaver!

There was still something that was bothering her though. Why and where was Brian keeping a fake version of himself? She had checked every nook and cranny of his house today and, thankfully, she didn’t find a stockpile of lifeless Brian dolls lying somewhere in a closet. No amount of therapy would ever make that discovery ok.

Hey, Brian, how did you make a fake body?

Followed a recipe.

There’s a recipe to make a body!?

Water (35 L), Carbon (20 kg), Ammonia (4 L), Lime (1.5 kg), Phosphorous (800 g), Salt (250 g), potassium nitrate(100 g), Sulfur (80 g), Fluorine (7.5 g), Iron (5 g), Silicon (3 g) and fifteen other elements in trace amounts.

So there is… She thought shaking her head. What did he do? Throw them all in the oven until a body formed? Please tell me he’s just joking, she thought.

…What?...

:D

She closed her eyes out of exhaustion. This was the best explanation she was going to get out of him. One day she’d ask him further about it, but for now, it would have to do. Becca was used to him talking way over her head, this was just another one of those times, she thought before giving in to sleep.

*096*2015-11-30 13:12

{{:

Just out of curiosity, but was that list of ingredients for a human body quoted from Fullmetal Alchemist?

Anyways, I look forward to reading more, even if the end of NaNoWriMo means the pace of releases slows down.

}}

Maybee *cough cough* where else am I supposed to get a list of human ingredients? Lol

*098*2015-11-30 17:33

{{:

Just a little typo, good chapters again :)

}}

I'm sure there's tons. :/ but thanks

