Nazgul's Island

Author: JoeKenny

*000*2011-08-11 04:59

~I never, in a million years even pondered that I would find something so perfect to have allign. A secret fetish, and a well-know hobby. I've been writing a murder mystery for some time now, and I just found this, and I figured, well, I really ought to try this out~

Prologue

~Mostly Story~Nazgul's Point Of View~

The dark waves of the ocean battered the weathered cedar of the ship, as it cruised over waves. All the passengers on board were headed from the mainland, Shernguld, into the profitable island nations. Everyone wanted a piece of the islands in the new-found archipaelago, whether it be to extort the land of its resources through crime, or to create a living for yourself by harvesting the resources slowly and utilizing them to create a slow trickle of money. I decided I'd be a thief, and I always knew I would end up like this.

I managed to not fly around like several other passengers of the fine vessel, and I had nestled in the corner, my hood and thick fur tunic commenting his brown haired pale face. Soon the sound of waves stopped, and the smell of the ocean seemed more faint. Several people were now climbing the ascent to the top deck, and I followed, looking around at the fresh young faces looking for work. Few caught my eye, except for one strange lady, wearing weird clothing, mostly composed of feathers. As soon as I got off, I looked around. Mostly shacks in the small city, Pollas, I believe it was called. I just wanted a tavern to stay the night in. As I walked along the dusty old path, I realised I hadn't seen a single child. They had said that everyone was young and strong here, I didn't think it meant it was void of people whos age exceeded thirty.

Anywho, I entered the first rustic old building I saw, and asked the maid at the counter about staying. She mumbled almost incomprehensibly about how there were no rooms in the old inn, and so I continued on. Many hours I searched around, to no avail. Finally, I had come to the slums, where I walked into a shady tavern. Many battle worn eyes, and mischevious ones, eyed me. A lost, innocent man, perfect for mugging. I walked up to the counter and asked if I could stay here. 'Sorry, we're fresh out of rooms. If you want, you could split the price with another person and share the rooms,' she said slowly, almost waiting for me to say no. You know what? I was tired.

'Sure,' I said, and peered around the room. Pirates, thieves, all kinds of criminals. But off in a corner, wrapped in a blanket were a pair of eyes that couldn't have belonged to any of the criminal sort. I took careful steps over to the person, looking at it. The shawl fell off, what I now knew was a 'her', head. I examined her. About my age, shoulder-length black, silky hair, and eyes that pierced my very soul. I looked at her, my eyes running up her slender, toned body and meeting her eyes. I extended my hand slowly, 'My name is Nazgul,' I said with a smile. She warily eyed me, and shook my hand slowly and carefully. I sighed, knowing she might be my only chance at not sleeping on the streets, or being stabbed in my bed. 'I need someone to share an apartment with. I can pay half of the price for the room, so . . . ' I said hopefully, awaiting a reply.

She nodded, standing slowly as she walked. My eyebrows came together as I followed her suspiciously. A couple of brigands eyed me suspiciously, chuckling. I could only speculate as to what I was falling into. Was she bait? I couldn't tell. I merely wandered into the room. I heard the door close behind me, and it was that suspicious creek that set me off. My silver dagger had left it's sheath, and I was face to face, with several men, wielding swords, with the innocent girl in the corner.

'Th'er money!' The man in the center yelled belligerently. 'I've got none . . . ' I lied. They looked at eachother, their swords becoming more tense in their hands. I bit my lip, and beads of sweat dripped down my face. Death imminent as fast as I came? I spun the dagger around on my finger, carefully maneuvering it around skillfully. The brigands all stared at eachother raring to fight. 'I estimate I will come out of this three brigans richer,' I said with a chuckle. I was hoping my voice didn't hint at nervousness. They looked at eachother, two of the weaker looking ones merely left, but the one in the center had his sword ever tensed. The girl still sat, scared in the corner.

The brigand charged at me, and and I bit my lip. There was no way I could beat this muscled man with a wimpy dagger. I closed my eyes tight, and a blood-curdling scream filled the air. The brigand dropped to the ground in front of me, and the girl withdrew her dagger. She stumbled backward dropping it in the corner, covering her face. I looked at her, sneering. I walked forward, dagger in hand and looked at her, her arms covered her chest and her face, and her legs were pressed together tightly. I rared my dagger to strike, but something prevented me. I looked down at her clothy leggings, at the crotch area, where a hissing sound had started, and slowly, a yellow liquid seeped into her pants, and she cried out, still in a fetal position.

I had reached a decision at this point. 'I'm not going to kill you,' I said, sighing, as I sheathed my dagger. She sat up, quickly gripping her crotch, looking at me with those big eyes. She shuddered, whimpering. She stood, hand still pressed into her crotch. I merely looked at her perplexed as we stood up and exited the room, but not before I looted the bandit of his things. She desperately walked out and took a swift left where she came into a small room, which I entered as well. When I came in, I realised this must have been here real room. It was slightly more spacious.

'I'm Juno . . . I'm sorry- . . . They have my mother . . . My father owed them a lot of money- . . .' She said distractedly, opening another door into a smaller room I assumed was the bathroom, I entered it aswell staring. She just looked at me, blushing. I brushed back my black, curly hair, merely staring at her. She sat on the toiler, with her pants on, and me standing there, she looked petrified. 'You need something?' I said, raising an eyebrow, knowing this would torment her. Fair is fair considering she nearly killed me. She just sat there, legs spread wide, pants still on, and slowly, the bright yellow liquid soaked her pants. She held her arms close to her perky breasts as the pee dripped out of her, and into her pants, thoroughly soaking them. She pushes her hand into her crotch in a vain attempt to stop the steady tide, but to no use.. She shuddered, tearing up. I merely stood there.

After she got changed we chatted for a bit. She asked me why I did that to her, I told her that it was fair, considering she nearly got me killed. I learned she was born on the island. Only daughter of Cristovel, leader of the overseas expedition. While on the trip, he accumulated massive debt from gambling, and she had little time to pay off the debt, or her mother would be killed. Of course, this was the final gambling card, and if her mother died, it would mean she would be the next hostage, and obviously, being the last member of the family, she would be left to pay off the debt. She was most likely to become a sex slave for Gidrioni, the first mate on the ship, who gathered a large bandit group once they got on the island. Before she could continue, I had to interject. 'My mother was a sex slave on Shernguld,' I shouted angrily.

~Sorry about the quality of the Omorashi. I sorta intended this to be story mostly, so expect more with the next chapter. Also, next chapter will be in Juno's point of view~

*002*2011-08-11 16:44

{{:

Hi..

Untl now I was a silent reader...

But I had to comment in this story...

This kind of wetting is the kind I liked the most.. :D:D

Will there be a deliberate or 'no other choice' wetting later in the story? :D:D:D

}}

The main villian is focused a lot around prostitution and slavery, so yes, quite a bit.

*003*2011-08-11 22:03

Onwards, To Adventure!

~Juno's Point Of View~

I could feel my cheeks turning a deep red as we left the tavern. 'I just told a complete stranger my life story and vowed to protect me, and help save my mother. I have no idea what kind of sympathies he took from me trying to kill him. Not only that, but I pissed myself in front of him. I really need to start wearing diapers . . . But it's so embarassing. Or maybe I could just not pee myself. The doctor said it's just physcological . . . Ugh' I said to myself. Nazgul kept walking straight, heading off into those more shady parts of town. 'So you know where this underboss faggot is?' Nazgul said sternly. 'Y-yeah . . . It's all a system. Each underboss reports to the next in the line of command . . . So we'll have to find out where Gidrioni is by going to all of them step by step . . .' I said, and Nazgul spun on his heel. 'We're going to need more than just you and I. I have no money to hire mercenaries . . . We'll have to do our best,' he said as he continued down the grimey road.

On the way to this first underboss, I realised I had to pee. I would just annoy him. Maybe those two glasses of ale weren't the best idea. Nazgul continued walking sternly. As we walked, I got slightly more desperate. I started grabbing my crotch as we walked along, shifting around as we walked. 'Nazgul . . . I need to pee,' I murmured, and he just kept walking. 'No time,' He said looking around, as we arrived at a small house. As soon as he saw the brigands, he recognized them. The other two who had left him. He drew his sword and charged, and I tried to keep up. Several men swarmed him, but he managed to keep them at bay with his looted sword. I merely hid in some shrubbery not far from the house. I could see him managing to take them out, one by one. How was he doing this? Pure rage? He said his mother was a sex slave, and I said I might become one. Maybe that was it. It had to be. My thinking was interrupted by raspy laughter coming from my left.

A man wielding an axe was now in front of me, and out of the corner of my eye, I could see Nazgul being over-run. I darted to my right, not having time to grab my nearly bursting bladder, I ran as fast as I could behind the house. As I rounded I felt a hot spurt of pee leak into my cloth panties, I shuddered, whilst running. The man was already quite fat, and slowed down by the axe, so I ran in the back-door. As I entered I saw several men who were occupied at a table, and I darted into the closest door. I shuddered, relieved I was not caught, but I still had to pee. It was a closet. It was so tight and crowded I could barely maneuver, and my hasty entry had not helped. I sat there, unable to remove my pants. I slithered and wriggled around. But then it occured to me, I was probably generating quite an amount of noise. I heard footsteps outside the door, and laid down. The closet opened, and the burly axe-man stepped in. He looked around.

'Bloody mice . . ' He said menacingly, looking around for a rodent. Meanwhile, another spurt shot into my panties, completely soaking them, and a small wet patch appeared on my pants. I noticed I had made a slight hissing sound as it 'Wha-...' The man murmured, as he tossed aside things hiding me, and finally, he found me. He snickered, closing the closet behind him. We were so close I could almost feel his toxic breath from his mouth. He chuckled softly, with his raspy voice, moving ever closer. I sat, and his foot came directly next to my vagina as he leaned down. I looked at him, knowing I was now bound to become a slave.

I just let go. The hot liquid swelled, and it exited my pants, and drenched the floor, and his foot. He pulled back quickly, disgusted by me, and the door collapsed at his weight. I could have ran, but I was petrified. I just sat, finishing emptying all the hot urine onto the floor. I felt one more thing other than extreme fear. An odd sense of arousal. I stuck my hand into my pants to feel my trembling body, and I ran my finger across my pussy, shuddering and shaking. I quickly withdrew my hand, realising exactly where I was. I looked down to find that my pants were soaking, and my leather shoes were going to smell like pee for quite some time. Just then the axe-man started to rise, and if I hadn't already emptied my bladder, it would have done it just now.

But as he rose, a bloody man lunged a sword into the man. It wasn't Nazgul, but he was dressed in slave rags, and was black. After he pulled the sword out of the axe-wielding man, he looked at me. He raised an eyebrow as he examined my soaked pants. 'That guy musta had a weird fetish,' he said chuckling in his deep voice, extending his hand to me as I blushed. I accepted it, standing, coming out of the pool on the floor that was turning sticky on the wood. I followed him, seeing Nazgul proudly talking to a man tied into a chair. 'Ah, Louis, who'd you find?' He said with a smile. 'Some girl,' He said blatantly. Nazgul looked at me with those piercing brown eyes. 'Good, I thought you were gone . . .' He smiled.

Several people in slave rags were now dawning armor, and taking weapons. Men, women, even children placed on leather caps, and held daggers. Though many fled, many stayed. I was awestruck by them. They were helping us. We saved them, and now, they're trying to help. Maybe there is hope for these islands yet. Nazgul turned to me, grabbing my hand. 'There are many more outposts, but we managed to beat the location of the next one out of him. We're going to free all these slaves,' He smiled, but his eyebrows creased. He told me he came here to be a thief. That he was going to make his living off of crime. A change of heart? He's hacking through brigands, and helping some defenseless girl rescue her mother. He waved the men forward, and three of us, Nazgul, Louis and I walked in front of the army of about, 20 people, forward toward the outpost.

We went and sold a good portion of loot, and bought ourselves tents and food, enough for everyone. We pressed on, until the sun set. I was still amazed by people wanting to help me. I walked into the bustling camp, where people shared laughs, and food was passed around, and I saw a few figures in a tent. I slowly moved the flap aside, entering. Three figures stood, Nazgul, Louis, and a girl in noble robes. She passed around papers. To the two men, as I walked to their table.

'Oh, Lady Juno,' Nazgul said, as he bowed. I could only stand in astonishment. 'Word of this has reached the town. All of the hard working civilians there support you to govern the islands,' He said dryly. I just got here weeks ago, I didn't help at all, and now I'm expected by people to be a leader? Because of one thing I did today?' I said, knowing that I would not possibly be able to handle this. Nazgul sighed, pointing to a noble. 'My name is Isolla, I am here to deliver a message from the king of Shernguld. He wishes you to rid Gidrioni of his iron grip on the land. He cannot spare any men, but he has confidence in you. I will be joining your party as of now, however,' The lady said, tousling her long blonde hair behind her shoulders. I fell back, fainting. So much responsibility, in a mere matter of moments. Now I know what heroes feel like. But I'm not a hero. Nazgul is, but he's given the credit to me? Why?

I awoke in a bed, Nazgul sat next to me, with an eyepatch over his eye I hadn't noticed before. I sat up, and looked down. The bed was not wet, thankfully. I'd had bed-wetting problems for many years, and I didn't think today would be an exception. I turned to Nazgul, looking at his now grizzled features. 'Why do we have to do this? I don't want to be some fancy noble . . .' I murmured still focused on his eyepatch. 'Because this place is vile. It always will unless there is a change. Shernguld just needs a pretty face with a cause to convince the people to live under their flag,' I said, somewhat annoyed. I could only nod, as I slipped back down into the bed.

~This will be a largely story piece of writing, and it just makes wetting and desperation moments all the more sweet~

