Draco's Mishaps - Page 3

Author: Donar

*052*2015-05-30 15:44

Thank you! I'm happy you like it!

Though, I have to ask for your patience, the next chapter will again take some time. I've got a lot of other things on my mind right now and don't get much time to write. Sorry!

*057*2015-10-15 18:16

Hello, thank you for the kind replies and the encouragement and sorry for the long hiatus!

I'm not dead and I haven't abandoned this story either. There just were too many other things that took up my time. Recently, I got around to do some writing again, so I hope to continue this story soon.

*058*2015-11-13 22:04

He finally is the next installment of the story.

Getting back into Draco's voice was more difficult than I thought.

Sorry again for the long wait!

Friday, December 24th

On Christmas Eve Harry woke up early. When he sat up and looked out of the window, he saw the landscape glittering bright white in the first sunlight. It had snowed over night – they would have a white Christmas! Harry got up and stepped over to the window, his wet drynite dangling heavily between his legs. He had to pull it back up to keep it from sliding down all the way.

Just at that moment, the door flung open.

“Morning, Potter”, Malfoy said. Like usual, he didn't bother waiting for Harry to ask him in.

Harry quickly pulled his pyjama bottoms back over his drynite, then he turned to face the intruder.

“Malfoy.”

Malfoy strode to the middle of the room and stopped in front of Harry's bed. There wasn't a single wet spot on his pyjamas and they looked freshly ironed – like he had just gotten them from his wardrobe. Which he probably had, given the resentful way he examined Harry's bed, which of cause was completely dry as well.

For a second the Slytherin's eyes darted up and their eyes met, then Malfoy looked away again.

“Can I...?”, he asked, awkward. His eyes wandered over to Harry's wand on the bedside table. He didn't finish the question.

“Sure”, Harry muttered. So his suspicion had been right.

Draco snatched up the wand and quickly left. From the room next door, Harry heard him whisper the incantation of a cleaning spell. Harry sat down on his own bed, the wet drynite squishing under his weight. Truth be told, he actually felt a bit bad for Malfoy. Harry knew all too well how awful it was to wake up in a wet bed every morning.

With a silent sigh, he reached over to his trunk and pulled out the pack of drynites from under the clothes. It was his last but one pack. Had he spend the holidays at Ron's place like they had planned, he could just have asked Mrs Weasley to buy him new ones. Now he would have to write to her so she could send him some at the start of the next term before he ran out.

Harry silently did the math in his head. Eight more days before he got back to Hogwarts. This pack still held five more plus the nine from his last one. That left him with only six to spare ...

Malfoy's return interrupted his thoughts.

“Thanks”, he muttered without looking Harry in the eyes. He flipped around the wand and awkwardly held it out to Harry.

He tried to hide how hard it was on him to rely on Harry's help, but the embarrassment was all over his face. His eyes wandered down to Harry's dry bed and his expression turned even more sour. He probably regretted he had ever told Harry about his bedwetting.

Harry took the wand. Softly, he said: “I had a wet night, too.”

Malfoy didn't acknowledge that he had heard a word, he just gloomily stared at the dry bed.

Harry swallowed. “Do you ...? You could borrow ...”, he stammered, “I mean, like ... if you want you could try, I'd give you one of my drynites tonight?”

Malfoy harrumphed. “You want me to wear a diaper? No way! I'm not a baby like-”, he stopped himself, though Harry got his meaning anyways.

He looked down, embarrassed. “At least I am keeping my bed dry”, he whispered.

Malfoy's face turned red. For a second, he stared at Harry, hateful. He opened his mouth, closed it again, and then stormed out without another word. Harry heard him run into his room and slam shut the door behind him.

Darn it! He knew he should have bitten his tongue, but sometimes Malfoy just was such an ass! The truce between them was brittle at best, even though Harry tried to get along. He honestly tried! He really didn't want to get Malfoy into any more trouble with his dad, but Malfoy sure didn't make it easy.

Harry sighed again. This time, clearly Malfoy had started the fight, so why was Harry feeling guilty about talking back to the jerk?

He got up and went over to the bathroom to get rid of his drynite and take a long, hot shower.

* * *

Harry was long since back to his room and dressed, when an hour later, Malfoy's mom called them for breakfast. Harry put the book he had been reading aside and got up. Malfoy, too, emerged from his room. Without a word, he walked past Harry's and down the corridor. Harry followed him.

At the foot of the stairs, Malfoy lingered to let Harry catch up, glowering at him, impatient and obviously still angry. Harry stared back at him darkly, he had meant well, he sure wasn't going to apologize to the stupid ass!

He turned towards the dining room, but Malfoy stopped him. “This way!” He barked and started in a different direction, stopped after a few steps and, when Harry wasn't immediately following him, gave him an annoyed look. “It's Christmas Eve”, he explained like Harry was half-witted, “on Christmas Eve we have breakfast in the sunroom.”

The Malfoys were the only people Harry knew who used different rooms for breakfast and for dinner – and apparently they even had more than one for each occasion. Harry hesitantly turned around and fell in besides Malfoy. The Slytherin led him down a long hallway, past portraits of old and unfriendly-looking witches and wizards, who sneered at Harry, until they reached the sunroom, where Malfoy's parents were already sitting at the breakfast table.

“Good morning mom, dad!”, Malfoy beamed, a fake-smile suddenly all over his face. He always put up a show around his parents, always the perfect son.

“Good morning”, Harry echoed, awkward. He never felt comfortable around Mr and Mrs Malfoy. As he sat down besides Draco, Harry shot Mr Malfoy a quick look. The man was staring right at him, the hatred in his eyes barely hidden. Harry quickly reached for his hot chocolate and took a long gulp to hide behind the mug. He still remembered that look in those eyes from when Mr Malfoy had tried to kill him, it send a shiver down his spine.

“I heard you both up early today. Didn't you sleep well tonight?”, Mrs Malfoy asked just as the silence threatened to become awkward.

“Yes, mom. We're just excited about tomorrow!”

“Oh, of cause! It's your first real Christmas, isn't it, Harry?”

“Uh”, Harry said around his mug.

“You poor dear! Living with those muggles for all those years must have been so awful!”

Harry didn't answer. He nervously refilled his hot chocolate and slumped down on his chair in an attempt to become invisible.

While Malfoy's mom continued to make uneasy conversation, his dad and Malfoy himself shot Harry death stares behind her back. Harry didn't feel very hungry, he just hid behind his mug and hoped the others finished their breakfast soon so he would be allowed to get up and flee the room.

“Mom, can Harry and I go play Quidditch after breakfast?”

Harry shot Malfoy a surprised glance as he heard the question.

“Oh, you haven't shown Harry your Quidditch pitch yet, have you? You're the Gryffindor seeker, aren't you, Harry? Draco loves Quidditch, too!”, Mrs Malfoy said.

“Uh-huh”, Harry confirmed, reluctant.

“May we?”, Draco begged.

“Of cause, dear!”

For a second, Harry actually looked forward to flying a broom again and feeling the wind on his face. Then it suddenly dawned on him what Malfoy was playing at. “I don't have a broom”, he said, quiet.

“Oh, yes! I totally forgot! You drove your Nimbus into the whomping willow!”, Malfoy said, his voice dripping with fake pity, “didn't you, Potter? Tore it completely to pieces. It's such a shame!” He looked right at Harry and for a second an evil grin twisted his face.

Harry took another long swig from his hot chocolate so he didn't give Malfoy the satisfaction of showing him his face.

But again, Malfoy surprised him: “Harry can borrow one of our brooms, can't he, mom?”

Mrs Malfoy nodded. “Of cause, honey.”

“Thanks”, Harry muttered.

Malfoy finished his hot chocolate. “May we get up?”

He barely waited for his mom to nod her agreement.

“Thanks for the food”, Harry muttered, then he quickly turned and ran after Malfoy.

The Slytherin led him back to the foyer where he told Harry to “wait here!” and vanished through a door behind the stairs. A moment later, he reemerged, his Nimbus 2001 in one hand and a positively ancient broom in the other. It sure had seen better times, the handle was visibly worn and it was missing a twig or two. Malfoy held out the sorry thing to Harry.

“Here, I thought you'd like this one. Shooting Star. Just like the school brooms, you're probably used to them by now. How long since your Nimbus got destroyed? Must be close to seven weeks already?”

“Six, actually.”

“Shame.”

Harry ground his teeth, but he refused to give Malfoy the satisfaction and took the decrepit broom without complaint. Malfoy shot him a nasty grin, then he ran up to his room to get a practice snitch. Harry followed him to put on his winter coat. He had barely gotten it from his luggage when Malfoy appeared in the door, also wearing a coat now. He motioned Harry to follow and led the way back down the stairs and out the back entrance into the garden.

They went past a huge, frozen fountain and through a maze of snow-covered bushes and hedges. Harry got the feeling some of the stone statues of witches and wizards were watching him just like the portraits as he passed. Though, every time he looked back, none of them seemed to move.

“Famous wizard?”, Harry asked, eyeing the statue of a crook-nosed wizard wearing a huge wig who he was certain had just turned his head to sneer at him.

Draco stopped for a moment and looked up at the wizard, thinking. “Brutus Malfoy”, he said haltingly, “he lived at the height of the persecution. Saved a great many witches and wizards.”

“He looks a bit hostile”, Harry observed.

“He just doesn't like blood-traitors very much, nor-”, Malfoy shot him a pointed look, “well, your kind.”

Harry decided to keep his distance from the statues from then on. They both walked on in silence. After maybe ten minutes, the hedges finally cleared and Malfoy stopped at the beginning of a huge meadow, glittering snow white in the early sun.

“My private training field”, he said, proud, “only I and my friends use it.”

Harry looked over to the forest border in the distance. The field was big enough to fit a real Quidditch pitch, there even stood three goalposts near the tree line!

Malfoy watched him, a smug grin on his face, and Harry quickly forced himself to stop gawking.

* * *

Draco pulled the snitch out of his pocket. It was the same make the Wimbourne Wasps – Draco's favourite Quidditch team – used for training, not some cheap merchandise. His dad had gotten it for him through Ludovic Bagman, who was a former beater for the Wasps and still an active supporter of the team. Dad knew him from the ministry.

“Best of three?”, he asked.

“Sure.”

Draco grinned and held up the snitch. It unfolded its wings and tried to tug away from his grip. “Ready?”

Potter straddled his broom and nodded his agreement and Draco let go of the snitch. It danced around them aimlessly for a second before it suddenly zoomed away. Within a moment, they lost sight of the small globe. Potter stayed on the ground until Draco had mounted his broom as well, then he pushed himself into the air. Draco let him have a small head start before he raced after him. His Nimbus easily overtook the Shooting Star, then Draco pulled his broom into a rapid climb. The cold air was blowing in his face as he accelerated even faster and Draco laughed. He had missed flying. He took a large spiral until he drew to a stop high above the field. Potter was still climbing, far below him.

“You can fly as high as your broom allows, there are no muggles around for miles, don't worry!”, Draco shouted down to him, laughing.

Potter flipped him the bird. Draco grinned, but he did wait for Potter to get into position as well before he started to look around for the snitch. Having some well-deserved fun at Potter's expense was one thing, but he didn't need to cheat to beat that prick! Draco didn't underestimate Potter's skills, he knew the kid was a decent seeker, but Draco also knew that he was better than the stinking half-blood. They had only played once against each other and it had been pure luck that Potter had caught the snitch. Besides, it had been Draco's first real match and he had just been nervous!

In fact, it still was Draco's only real match so far. To be honest, he was rather anxious at the thought of their upcoming match against Ravenclaw. In his first year they had completely flattened Gryffindor. They had a new seeker this year, a girl, but they had already beaten Hufflepuff hands down. Plus there was this nagging doubt at the very back of Draco's mind – his dad had promised him that he hadn't; and Flint had told him a thousand times that he was an excellent seeker, even though he had called him an idiot after that first match – but what if dad had bought him into the team after all and he wasn't up to it?

From the corner of his eye he saw Potter suddenly dive towards the forest border. He followed Potter's direction with his eyes, there was a golden twinkle in between the second and third goalposts. He jerked around his broom and forced it into a dive as well. He caught up to Potter just before the first post. The snitch was zooming through the third goal and away back to the middle of the field again, twinkling in the sun. Draco pulled a sharp turn, almost grazing the post, Potter right in front of him. Side by side, they raced after the escaping snitch. Draco caught it only by inches.

Draco landed and triumphantly held up the tiny golden globe in his hand, a smug grin on his face. Potter jumped off his broom as well and came over. He was laughing, too. “Good catch!” The kid didn't even seem to play it. “Another match?”

“Sure.” Draco shot him a half-annoyed, half-confused look.

He released the snitch and again they mounted their brooms. This time, the match went on longer. Draco actually spotted the snitch first, but he missed it and he lost it again as it flew in between the trees. They both spied it a few times but always failed to catch it. Once it went by right behind Potter's back and in between the goalposts. Potter almost collided with the second goal trying to jerk his broom around. When he had his broom under control again, the snitch was gone. It took almost an hour before Draco finally managed to catch it.

They landed in the middle of the field again. “I win.” Draco beamed.

Potter didn't seem to mind too much, which oddly irked Draco. “Another one just for fun?”, the Gryffindor suggested.

Draco was getting a bit cold, all that hot chocolate from early was making its way through his body, too, and he felt a little pressure in his lower abdomen. But he was having fun. One more game couldn't hurt. He shrugged. “Sure.”

“Could we switch brooms this time?”

Draco snorted. “No.”

“Come on, I've got the crappy one two times already!”

“No.”

Potter pouted, but he gave up the argument and instead straddled his Shooting Star. Draco released the snitch and got onto his broom as well. He pushed himself off the ground and rose in a long spiral, until he was high above the pitch. He started looking around for the snitch, but the small ball turned out to be even more elusive than the last game.

Once Draco caught a glimpse of it near the hedge maze, but by the time he had reached the place where he had seen it twinkle, the snitch was long gone. Potter, too, dove down one or two times, but he never caught it either. Twenty minutes went by. Draco was circling high above the Quidditch pitch. An icy wind had sprung up and it was getting at him, his hand and feet felt really cold and it made him have to pee even more.

Just then Potter called him and signalled for a break. Potter flew over to the forest border, Draco behind him. Potter landed while Draco pulled up besides him, hovering over the ground. “What's up?”

Instead of an answer, Potter signalled him to stay, dismounted his broom and ran away. Draco was about to call after him to demand an explanation, when Potter had reached a tree and stopped. He unzipped his trousers.

Draco quickly looked away, embarrassed. How could Potter be so unabashed and just piss on a tree right in front of him? He almost imagined hearing his piss hit the bark and splatter into the snow below. Draco's bladder gave him a nudge and he clenched his legs. That stupid Potter kid!

“Much better!”, Potter announced, loud. Happily, he walked back from his tree, zipped up his trousers, and jumped back onto his broom.

Draco involuntarily looked over to where Potter had done the deed. He stared at the huge, steaming puddle in the snow. His bladder gave him another twinge.

“Ready? You gotta take a leak, too?”, Potter asked, eager to continue the game.

Draco turned crimson. As if he would piss on a tree like an animal! Right in front of Potter! “No!” He jerked his broom around sharply and surged up into the air. He resumed his circling of the Quidditch pitch. Down below, Potter took off as well. Where had this stupid snitch gone to? The cold air made Draco shiver and for a second he had to clench his legs together. He tried and failed to shuffle into a more comfortable position on his broom.

At that moment, Potter rushed right past him. When Draco turned around, he saw him chasing after the snitch, only meters away. Cursing his inattentiveness, Draco dove after him. He caught up to Potter fast, but the kid already stretched out his hand for the snitch. Draco saw it all like in slow-motion. The snitch danced to the right and Potter had to correct his heading. Draco was almost neck on neck with Potter, he, too, reached for the snitch, the tiny globe only inches from his fingers. Then Potter's hand closed around it and Draco zoomed past him. He couldn't believe it! He had done it again! Idiot! Idiot! Idiot!

Draco circled around and landed besides Potter.

“I got it!”, the git beamed, stupidly holding up the snitch like a prize.

“That was pure luck! Another round!”, Draco spat at him.

Potter wiped that idiot grin from his face and looked at him sheepishly. “You still won-”

“Give me that!” Draco angrily seized the snitch from Harry and held it up to release it again. It zoomed away. “Now we'll see who's better, Potter! Last one counts!”

Draco surged into the air without looking if Potter even followed him and climbed to his lookout point, then he began searching. Down below, Potter rose up in slow circles around the field. Stupid half-blood! Draco was a better seeker than him! He had just been distracted because he had to pee! That was all. It had just been a fluke! Draco felt another stab in his lower abdomen and he pressed his knees together. Stupid hot chocolate!

He tried to force his mind away from his need for relieve and to concentrate on spotting the snitch. He rubbed his knees together, anxious. The more he tried not to think of how badly he had to pee, the more he thought of it and the more he thought of it, the worse he had piss! Draco bit his lips. For a second, the small pain helped. No! His dad had NOT bought him into the Quidditch team! He was a good seeker! He could do this! Focus!

Clenching his legs together, Draco circled the pitch, searching. He just had to catch that stupid snitch, then he could go to the bathroom!

Draco kept to his patrol for an agonizing ten minutes before he spotted a golden glint next to a nearby tree. He immediately dove down to it. The snitch swerved to the right around the tree. Draco made a sharp turn to cut off its escape. Just when he raced past the tree, his bladder gave him another pang. Draco doubled over and the tiny golden ball zoomed past him. When Draco had turned, it was already gone. Cursing, he started to climb again to resume his search.

Worst of all, that stupid Potter had started to shadow him. For a second Draco moved his hand down to his crotch to give himself a much needed squeeze, but he immediately removed it again when Potter looked over. Draco's bladder felt like it was bursting and he now kept his legs pressed together constantly. He just had to catch the stupid snitch! Draco ground his teeth, his bladder send him another spasm and he hunched over.

Suddenly, Potter dove down. It took Draco a moment to even realise. Muttering another curse, he chased after him. Potter had a head start and he was going fast, but his broom still was crap, Draco quickly gained on him. He didn't even see the snitch, he just knew he couldn't let Potter get it again. Potter swivelled to the left and so did Draco. Draco's bladder pulsed so bad. He was almost at the same height as Potter. Then he saw the snitch, it was right in front of them. They both stretched out their hands, but Potter was still ahead. Potter reached for the tiny ball and – missed it by half an inch and rushed past it! A split-second later, Draco caught it.

They both landed. Potter jumped off his broom and ran over to Draco. “Congratulations!”, he shouted, “you won!”

Draco just stared at him, disbelieving.

“Great catch!”, the ass beamed.

“You did that on purpose!”, Draco muttered, half talking to himself, “you deliberately missed that catch!”

Potter stopped laughing.

“You let me win”, Draco spat. He felt tears well up inside him. Angrily, he screamed: “I don't need your pity!”

He started sobbing and he quickly turned away from Potter before the kid could see his snivelling.

“I'm sorry.” Potter tried to walk around him to face him again, but Draco turned and ran away from him.

“Wait! Malfoy! I'm really sorry!”, Potter cried after him. Draco pretended he didn't hear him and just continued to run. His initial flight had taken him in the direction of the house and when he came to his senses again, Draco went on towards it. He heard Potter chase after him, calling out to him. Draco tried to blink away the tears, he so wished the ground would swallow that stupid Gryffindor! Why couldn't Potter just leave him alone?

The mad throbbing of his bladder forced Draco to slow down. He felt he had dampened his briefs a bit already during his run. At an especially bad pang he fully stopped and grabbed himself.

“Malfoy! I'm sorry!” Draco immediately removed the hand from his crotch and wiped away the tears as Potter caught up to him. He turned towards the house again, but Potter stepped in his way. “Please, I'll give you a rematch!”

“Leave me alone!” Draco shoved him out of the way and rushed past him.

On the terrace, Potter caught him again. He grabbed Draco's sleeve and forced him to stop. “Malfoy, wait!”

“Let go!”, Draco snapped. He was upset and angry and his bladder felt like it was bursting. He tore himself free from Potter's grip, but Potter rushed past him and blocked the door.

“Please! I didn't mean to upset you! I-I thought you wanted to win so bad!”

Draco fought the desperate urge to cross his legs. “Get out of the way!” He tried to push past Potter, but the kid stupidly held on to the door frame.

“Malfoy, I'm sorry! I thought you'd be even more upset if you lost again!”

“Alright!”, Draco hissed. He forced Potter out of the way and rushed past him. Potter ran after him.

Draco stopped in the foyer. Potter was right by him, he just stood there, staring at him stupidly. Draco shot the door to the loo a longing glance. His bladder was aching so bad! He nervously stepped from one foot to the other. “Just give me your broom. You can go to your room while I put them away!”

Potter hesitantly handed him the Shooting Star and Draco fast-walked over to the broom cabinet. He barely took the time to lean his Nimbus on the wall and throw the old Shooting Star in the corner, and he turned around. He could clean them LATER.

Potter still lingered in the hall when Draco exited the broom cabinet. “Sure we're cool?”

“YES”, Draco told him, “just wait upstairs!” He felt another twinge in his lower abdomen and this time he almost flinched. He needed to cross his legs so bad! Giving up the pretence, he pushed past Potter and hobbled towards the bathroom. He had the door half-opened already when Potter pushed past him and blocked the doorway. “You're still upset! I was stupid, OK, I didn't mean-”

“Just drop it already and wait upstairs!”

“But-”

Draco's bladder spasmed and he felt a tiny trickle escape into his briefs. He gasped and doubled over all so slightly. It took all his strength to stem the flood. “Not now, Potter! I gotta ...” Draco trailed off, too embarrassed. He pointed past Potter with his eyes.

Potter turned around. When he realized where the door led, he, too, blushed. He quickly moved out of the way. “I'm sorry! I didn't realise-”

Draco rushed past him and shut the door in his face. He pushed up the toilet lid and, jumping form one foot to the other, pulled at his belt buckle. He had trouble getting it undone with his cold fingers. His bladder was throbbing so madly, a few more trickles dampened his briefs and Draco had to pause for a second to grab himself. Finally, he managed to open his belt. Hurriedly, he tore open his trousers and yanked them down together with his briefs. Then he unleashed the torrent.

As it splattered loudly all over the porcelain, Draco breathed a sigh of relief. It was pure bliss! At that moment, he didn't even care if Potter still lingered outside and could hear him.

After a very, very long time, his stream finally died down. Draco shook off the last drips, then he examined the damage to his briefs. They were quite wet, though to Draco's great relief no damp spot showed on his trousers. With a shudder, he pulled back up his briefs and put his trousers over them. He flushed, put down the lid (he was free to do what he wanted in his bathroom, but here his mom didn't even like him peeing standing up) thoroughly washed his hands and used the mirror to check his trousers for wet spots again. There still were none.

When he exited the bathroom, Potter was gone. At least the annoying kid hadn't stayed to wait! Draco blushed again at the thought of how much he had just embarrassed himself in front of the Gryffindor.

When he went upstairs, he saw Potter in his room, sitting on his bed. The kid looked back at him and opened his mouth to speak, but Draco just rushed past him to his own room and audibly shut the door behind himself.

He waited a moment, but there were no steps outside. For once, Potter appeared to have gotten the message and was going to leave him alone. Draco made sure to lock the door anyways just to be sure before he quickly pulled down his trousers. He took off the wet briefs and, looking around for a place to get rid of them, finally threw them under his bed. Draco got a clean pair of briefs and a shirt from his chest of drawers. He rubbed his skin dry with the shirt as well as he could. The shirt joined the wet undies under the bed, then he put on the new briefs and his trousers.

Draco still felt nasty in his nether region and he had the mad urge to wash his hands again, but he didn't want to leave his room out of fear he would run into Potter. So instead, he sat down on his bed, brooding.

At least Potter stayed in his room and left Draco alone the rest of the day. Which suited Draco just fine and he, too, kept to himself. He had enough reading to do for school anyways.

So Draco was a bit surprised when late that evening, there was a knock on his door. He was just getting ready for bed, was already in his pyjamas. Draco just knew it was Potter. He sighed. “Yes?”

Potter slowly opened the door and looked at him sheepishly, uncertain if he should enter. He, too, was in his pyjamas. “Malfoy?”

Draco just looked at him, silent.

Potter swallowed, then he said: “I really enjoyed playing Quidditch today. It felt like we were really having fun together and not … just pretending. I … I thought you did, too! And … and … I didn't mean to … that is to say, I am really sorry I hurt you!” He lingered a moment longer in the door. “So, uh, have a good night!” Then he turned around and fled back to his room.

Draco hesitated. “Merlin's knickers!”, he silently cursed, pulled himself together and went after Potter. He didn't think to knock before he pulled open the door. The Gryffindor was sitting on his bed in just his pyjama tops and one of those diapers of his, about to strip his pyjama bottoms back on. Potter stared at him, round-eyed and panicked, trying to cover his crotch, pull up his pants and hide the plastic bag that held his diaper stock all at the same time. When he saw that it was just Draco, he relaxed a bit. Draco rethought and, awkward, asked: “May I come in?”

By then Potter had managed to pull up his pyjama bottoms. Embarrassed, he pushed the pack of diapers behind his back, but he nodded his agreement.

Draco got in and closed the door behind himself, then he faced Potter. “I … umh ...”, he said, “I enjoyed playing Quidditch, too … and … umh … I might have overreacted slightly, too. So … umh … I …”, he stuttered.

“That's alright.”

“This is not an apology!”, Draco hastily clarified.

There was an awkward quiet, then Potter said: “You are a good seeker, Draco, you know that, right?”

“But you are a better one, aren't you?”, Draco accused him.

“I don't know. You weren't even trying today.”

“What?”, Draco spluttered.

“With that Shooting Star, how could I possibly beat you? I never stood a chance! You were so sure you'd be better than me in any case, you didn't even try to be the best you could be!”

Draco stared at him, stunned. “That is such Gryffindor hogwash!”

Potter gave him an offended look and they both fell silent again.

“So”, Draco finally broke the uneasy quiet, eying the plastic pack behind Potter's back, “you really wear those every night?”

Potter shrugged.

“But they're diapers!”

“Special underwear!”

Draco harrumphed.

Potter examined his toes, silently, he objected: “It's better than waking up to a wet bed.”

“I guess“, Draco gave in, unconvinced. He looked anywhere but Potter's face.

“So-”, they both said as one.

“... you wanna try one after all?”, Potter asked.

“I'm not wearing a diaper! … I mean, is the offer even still valid?”

Potter pulled a new one out of the pack and held it out to Draco. When Draco didn't take it, he lay it down on the edge of the bed. Draco eyed the thing, ill at ease. Finally, he picked it up after all.

“You may have to stretch the waistband a bit after you unfold them. When you put them on, the front is-”, Potter babbled.

“I know how to put on a pair of briefs!”, Draco snapped.

Potter looked both parts offended and embarrassed.

“Thanks”, Draco muttered. Then he quickly turned around and left.

Back in the safety of his own bedroom, he put down the strange diaper on his pillow to examine it. Underpants! Absorbent underpants, he corrected himself in his mind. He carefully unfolded them. The fabric felt really thick in the crotch, and a bit strange to the touch. The waistband was elastic and, despite its flimsy look, very tight-fitting, just as Potter had said. The closer Draco looked at the dumb thing, the less it seemed to resemble real briefs. He didn't like the stupid pictures of stupid muggle kids on their stupid roller boards printed all over it either!

Draco put the ugly thing back down. Special underpants, Merlin's ass! Who was he kidding, those were diapers! Draco stared at them angrily, picked them up again. Which side was even the front and which the back on those stupid things? He turned them around, unsure. This side had the word “back” printed above the stupid muggle kids. So that was that.

He put the diaper down again and got up to take off his pyjama bottoms. Then, hesitating, he reached for the diaper and slipped it over his feet. The waist was very narrow, so he carefully stretched it a bit before he pulled the thing up. He wasn't entirely sure if he was supposed to point his member any specific direction. After a short deliberation, he decided down probably was best.

He pulled the thing back down a bit again to adjust things in the male department accordingly, and put the diaper back in place. It felt weird, but not too uncomfortable. He cautiously touched it with his hand and ran over its surface with his fingers. It was so thick in the crotch! Embarrassed, Draco grabbed his pyjama bottoms and quickly pulled them over the diaper. Then he lay down on his back.

He looked down on himself, surprised at how inconspicuous the bulge was. Well, duh! Potter had worn those for years and he had managed to keep it a secret! Still, they felt so thick! Draco clumsily crawled under his blanket and put out his night lamp. He caught himself fingering the diaper through his pyjamas and he put his hands above the blanket. Stupid diaper, he thought before he fell asleep.

*062*2015-11-22 21:43

Thank you!

Pavatti,

I didn't want Harry and Draco to end up as friends, but neither did I want to just reverse their roles and make Harry evil. I guess, I still somewhat ended up giving Ron that role. But he means well, too, he's just a bit hot-headed ...

Anyways, here is the next installment:

Saturday, December 25th

When Draco woke up the next day, like usual in the morning, he had to pee quite bad. He always had to, no matter how wet his bed was. But today, his bed was dry! He hadn't had a dry night in like forever! Sadly, his sense of delight was short-lived. That stupid diaper Potter had given him felt awfully damp and heavy and it squished uncomfortably under his weight when he sat up. It felt bloated and made slushy sounds when he carefully pressed against it with his hands and some wetness seeped out on the inside where it touched his skin. Draco shuddered involuntarily.

He quickly got up. The diaper slid down dangerously and dangled between his legs, huge and heavy. Draco stripped it down completely together with his pyjama bottoms. It tangled around his ankles and he awkwardly fought with it to free his feet from the mess, hurriedly he stepped away from it. Then, very hesitant, he picked the diaper up again – he had to get rid of the awful thing – it was so heavy compared to the evening before! As he got up, he eyed his bed. Though, it was kind of better than a wet bed. Holding the diaper at arm's length, he hurried out, only pausing at the door to peek out and make sure the coast was clear. The hallway lay deserted and the door to Potter's room was still closed.

Draco quickly ran over to the bathroom where he immediately dropped the diaper into the trash. Then he stepped up to the toilet for a good, long, badly needed pee. After he had relieved himself, he flushed and went and washed his hands. He took off his pyjama shirt as well. Draco was about to throw it into the laundry basket when he hesitated. He had only worn it once and it was still clean, he could wear it again tonight, he thought with a smile. So he folded it up and put it on the side of the sink instead. It was definitely nice to wake up in a dry pyjama for a change! He turned on the water and jumped under the shower. There still was that awful sticky feeling of stale piss around his privates, but the hot water washed it all away. Draco loved that clean feeling and the water jets massaging his back.

The better part of a quarter of an hour later Draco still stood under the shower, when Potter knocked on the door. “You taking long, Malfoy?”

“I'm under the shower”, Draco informed him unnecessarily.

“Hurry up!”

“I'm gonna be a while.”

“I have to use the loo!”, Potter whined.

Draco rolled his eyes, he almost felt embarrassed for Potter. Merlin's pants, did Potter know no shame at all? But he was in a good mood that morning and it was Christmas after all, so he quickly rinsed off.

Potter banged on the door again. “Malfoy, please, just let me quickly use the toilet!”

“Yes, yes, just a second! I have to towel off!” On second thought, Draco didn't particularly hurry when he reached for his towel and slowly began to dry off his hair, then his face and chest. Potter continued to whine. Draco was at his arms when the door handle creaked. A second later, Potter burst into the room. Dragon dung! He hadn't locked the door in his hurry!

“Hey! Get out, Potter!”

“Sorry!”, the kid murmured, barely looking back at Draco as he made a beeline for the loo. Still a step away from the toilet, Potter already yanked down his pants. Immediately, piss went everywhere. Potter peed all over the floor and the toilet before, half a second later, he properly situated himself in front of the bowl and aimed his member down.

It had all happened so fast, Draco had just been gawking at him. He saw the bloated form of Potter's diaper through his pyjama pants, dangling heavily between his legs. As he watched, a few fresh blotches of wetness formed around the waistband and crotch. That diaper of his clearly was beyind its limit. Potter probably had already lost it when he had stormed in and had been wetting himself all the way while running. Suddenly, Draco realised where he was staring, he blushed and hurriedly turned his back.

“Can't you wait even a minute?”, he huffed, embarrassed for the both of them.

“Sorry! Ahh ... that feels so good!”, Potter sighed.

Draco felt himself blush even more in his stead. “You're making a mess!”

“Sorry.”

For the longest moment, there was just the sound of Potter's piss splattering on the porcelain. Finally, it died down. When Potter flushed the toilet, Draco turned back to face him again. Potter washed his hands, he shot Draco an uncomfortable look. “I'll wait outside.” He pulled his pyjama bottoms back up, but the saggy diaper kept on dragging them down again.

“Stay!”, Draco said, “I'm almost done anyways.”

He quickly proceeded to dry off his lower body. Potter stood there, indecisive, looking sheepish. He pulled up his pants again. Finally, he gave up on it, pulled them down to his knees instead, revealing the bloated diaper dangling between his legs. He shot Draco an embarrassed look, then he quickly grabbed the diaper at one side and ripped apart the flimsy fabric there. He repeated the same on the other side and pulled the diaper out from between his legs. He quickly scrunched it up to a ball which he dropped into the waste bin.

“So … you worn one, too, tonight?”, he clumsily made conversation.

Draco carefully dried his feet without making eye-contact. Finally, stepped out of the tub.

“It's better than a wet bed, isn't it?”, Potter chattered on.

“I guess”, Draco allowed. He turned towards the door. “Shower is yours.”

But Potter babbled on: “You can buy them at muggle department stores and supermarkets. You could ask your mom or dad ...” Draco was mortified at the mere thought. Of cause his dad knew of his bedwetting issues, but they never talked about it. And his dad would kill him if he suggested they set foot in a muggle store. “... your parents could even send you some via owl when you run out. Mrs Weasley buys mine for me. I was really embarrassed at first, but-”

Draco sputtered: “Weasley knows? You told your friends you wet the bed?”

“No! They don't. Only Ron's mom knows. You can't tell him, OK!”

“Like I'd snitch to the Weasel!”

* * *

After breakfast, they got to open their presents. Draco raced Potter to the parlour, where a huge heap of parcels awaited them below the christmas tree. Draco dug into them at once, grbbed the biggest package and checked the label. Of cause it was for him, he ripped off the paper. It was a Wimbourne Wasps quidditch ball set from his dad, in a wooden collectors box, studded in brass and hand-signed by the entire team. Nice!

But it was Theo's present that gave him pause. Thoe had gotten him a heart-shaped silver locket with his name engraved onto it. Draco stared at it, speechless. Theo couldn't possibly expect him to wear THAT … Still staring at the thing, Draco noticed that Potter was looking over. He blushed profusely and hurriedly stuffed the locket into his pocket. Potter smirked at him, but he didn't say a word.

Draco stared back at him, embarrassed. “Nice sweater!”, he tried to deflect the attention, pointing at the scarlet jumper Potter was holding. Potter turned it around for him to show off the retarded-looking Gryffindor lion knitted on the front. Draco wouldn't have been caught dead wearing that thing, but Potter seemed genuinely happy about it. “It's from Mrs Weasley, she makes me one every year. She send me some home-baked prezels and mince pies, too!”

Potter prattled on about the sweets he had gotten when Draco noticed a long, thin packet at the bottom of the heap. He couldn't believe his eyes. Hurriedly, he pulled it free. Merlin's pants! His dad had gotten him a Firebolt after all! He was about to rip open the package when he saw the label. 'To Harry Potter' it read. Draco's heart dropped.

Of cause, how stupid of him to get all worked up. It was kind of expected, Potter having lost his broom and needing a replacement and all. Though, he wondered whom it was from, the label didn't say. Draco realised that he was still holding the broom package. “Um”, he said, “this one is for you.”

Potter looked up, and put down the matching scarlet bonnet to his sweeter he had just unwrapped. “Wow, that's big”, he muttered.

Draco ignored him and instead snatched up another parcel. This one was from his aunt, she had send him the golden pocket watch he had asked her for.

“I don't believe it”, Potter baaed, “it's a Firebolt!”

Draco looked up. His eyes grew bigger and bigger as they wandered from the sleek birch-twig tail up the perfectly polished ebony handle to the golden registration number at the top. He dropped the watch. It was indeed a Firebolt. Potter was holding a Firebolt! Potter let go of the magnificent broom and it hovered in the air, perfectly still, at exactly the right height to be mounted.

Draco just stared at it, he felt sick.

“Who send you that?”, he croaked.

“Dunno ...”, Potter said and rummaged through the wrappings. “It doesn't say and there isn't a card.”

“Bet it was Dunbledore!”, Draco spat. He felt a sudden rush of envy and anger as he put two and two together.

“Dumbledore wouldn't send me something like this! He can't go spending hundreds of Galleons on a student-”

“Exactly! That's why it doesn't say who it's from!”

“I can't believe this” Potter muttered, awestruck, slowly running his hands over the handle.

Draco just stared at him, barely able to contain himself. It took him a moment to realize that Potter had stopped fondling the Firebolt and was looking back at him, uneasy. “I'm going to try it out. You wanna come with me?”, Potter asked.

Draco remembered their quidditch practice the previous day all too well. And how he had brushed Potter off when he ha asked to switch brooms just once. He knew Potter was just going to tease him, but he couldn't help himself.

“Yes”, he croaked, “Can I fly it, too?”

Draco felt like throwing up.

“OK, but you have to let me try your Nimbus 2001!”

It took Draco a full three seconds to process Potter's words. Then, he immediately agreed and, their other presents forgotten, the two rushed off to get Draco's broom.

Draco's mom stopped them at the door. “Where are you two off to that early in the morning?”

“Potter got a Firebolt!”, the two talked over each other, excited, and Potter showed the broom to her. “We're giving it a test flight!”, Draco said, then, remembering himself, he added: “May we?”

To his surprise, his mom didn't seem to share their enthusiasm.

“Who send you that?”, she asked.

“I don't know”, Potter said, “there was no note or anything on it.”

“Probably Dumbledore!”, Draco blurted out.

“May I see it for a moment?”, his mom asked. She didn't wait for an answer and took the Firebolt out of Potter's hands. Taking the broom with her, she went over to Draco's dad's study. The two boys followed her. “Mom, can we get the broom back now?” She ignored them, instead, she asked Draco's dad: “Dear, did anyone give you a broom for Harry?” – “No.” – “Do you have any idea how this got into the house then?” Draco listened to their exchange in growing despair. Now his dad came over to look over the Firebolt as well.

When his mom turned back to them, she looked worried. “I'm afraid I'll have to take this.”

“WHAT?”, Draco and Potter both said. Draco's dad shot him a stern look and threateningly raised his cane.

“You can't!”, Potter protested.

“Why?”, Draco asked, silent.

“You'll get it back, Harry! But first it will have to be checked for jinxes. I'll contact your house teacher, she'll probably want to strip it down herself-”

“No, mom!”, Draco said, horrified at the thought.

“There is nothing wrong with the broom!”, Potter agreed.

Draco's dad made a step closer, but his mom stopped him with her hand. “You can't know that, Harry!”, she said, almost gently, “not until you've tried flying it. And that's out of question, Merlin knows what might happen if it has been tampered with. It won't take more than a few weeks-”

“Weeks?”, Potter gasped.

“I'm sorry.” Ignoring their continued protests, Draco's mom ushered them out and closed the door into their faces, keeping the Firebolt. The two boys exchanged a furious look.

“Your mom is stupid!”, Potter accused Draco.

“Don't insult my mom!”, Draco hissed back, angry, “and yes she is!” He spun around and ran back to his room. He couldn't believe Potter would have let him fly the Firebolt. And his mom had ruined it! He spend the rest of the morning alone in his room, sulking.

* * *

It was afternoon already before Draco had calmed down again. He still was angry at his mom and she only managed to lure him out of his room because she allowed him to call Theo to wish him a Merry Christmas. So Draco went down to the parlour and sat by the fireplace. He had barely cast the floo powder into the fireplace when Theo's face already appeared in the flames.

“Hi, merry Christmas!”, he said, breathlessly, like he had been running over to the fireplace. “Missed you!”

They hadn't been able to talk the previous night, because Draco feared his parents would catch him when they arranged the presents. Draco cast a quick look over his shoulder to make sure his mom hadn't stayed to eavesdrop. “Missed you, too! Merry Christmas!”

“Did you get my present?”, Theo asked.

Draco turned crimson. He nodded. “You like mine?” He had gotten Theo a book about quidditch.

Theo smiled sadly. “Yeah, it's the best thing I got!”

“Stupid liar! It's a crap present and I'm sorry!”

“No, honest!”

Draco tried to grin.

Then it burst out of him: “Potter got a Firebolt!” And he rattled down everything that had happened, how crappy his presents were compared to Potter's Firebolt and how this was the worst Christmas ever. Theo just listened, silent. Finally, Draco stopped. He noticed that Theo looked depressed, too. Awkward, he asked: “Hey, everything OK with you? I'll make up for it, I'll buy you a real present!”

“No! No. I told you it's great!” Theo sighed. “It's my dad.”

“Got crappy presents?”

“No, they're great … I guess”, Theo disagreed, unconvincing. “Dad got me all this real grown-up stuff. I got a master's potion-making kit and this grimoire on forbidden magic-”

“That is so cool!”

Theo looked at him, unhappy. “I was just browsing the index and it was whispering stuff in my head in a weird language! I don't even dare open it again. That thing is, like, seriously dangerous! And that alchemy book dad got me with the potions kit, it's way above N.E.W.T.-level! Dad never even asked me if I want to continue with potions after our O.W.L.s, he just assumes because he's got a hand for it ...”

“But you love potions!”

“I guess so. I don't know. I just wished he would ask what I want just for once”, Theo sighed, “oh, by the way, dad got me this.” He held up a black dragon leather jacket with the word 'Spellbound' in three-inch-high letters on the back.

Draco eyed it, awkward. “I didn't know you were a fan.”

“I asked him for a Weird Sisters jacket. Dad can't even tell the difference!”, Theo disappeared for a second, when he returned, he said: “I have to go, he just called me for dinner.”

“At least your dad is spending time with you! I'm stuck with Potter!”, Draco tried to cheer him up.

“It's the first time he's come out of his potions lab for more than a few hours and this morning he told me he'll have to leave on some assignment early tomorrow. I'll be stuck alone at home for the rest of the holidays.” Theo said, depressed. “I wished I could spend that time with you instead!”

“Yeah”, Draco agreed.

“Gotta go, dad just called me again! See you tonight! Really, really miss you!”

“Me, too!”, Draco murmured. He quickly bowed forward and pressed a kiss on Theo's lips, then Theo's head vanished in the flames.

Draco had barely gotten up when the fire flared up again. Happy, he knelt back down, expecting Theo had forgotten something, but it was Ron Weasley's head that appeared in the ambers. “Hello?”, he asked, then he saw Draco, “oh, Malfoy.”

“Weasley.”

“Man, your fireplace is blocked all the time. I tried calling three times already-”

“What do you want, Weasel?”

“I wanted to wish Harry a merry Christmas.”

“I'll tell him. Now get out of my fireplace!”

“I want to talk to Harry myself! To make sure you treat him alright!”

Draco harrumphed. “What? That's ridiculous! You think my parents took him prisoner or something?”

Weasley just stared at him, distrustful.

“He's a guest, you git! You just gonna insult-”

“That's it! I'm getting Harry out of there-!”

Weasley's head was pushed to the side and instead, that mudblood Granger appeared in the flames. Great, the whole lot of them!

“Malfoy, please, just let us talk to him for a second!”

“Merlin's knickers! Fuck this, I'll get him! Just wait!”

* * *

Harry was sitting on his bed, trying to concentrate on the textbook that lay in his lap, unread. A Firebolt! He still couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe either that Malfoy's mom had taken it – even Malfoy had been furious. Man, he had been so jealous when he had first seen the Firebolt! Harry actually had felt a bit sorry for him.

A loud bang on the door ripped him from his thoughts. “Potter? You in there? Get your ass down to the parlour! Weasley's calling.”

Harry was on his feet and at the door in a second. “For real?”

“No, I just missed talking to you so much. Of cause he is! Your sweetheart Granger is with him, too.”

Harry almost flew down the stairs.

He crouched down in front of the fireplace. “Hermione! You're with Ron?”

Hermione moved to the side a bit and Ron's head appeared next to hers in the flames. “Are you alright, Harry?”

“Yeah, it's so good to see you guys! You're at Ron's place, Hermione? I thought you went skiing?”

The two quickly filled Harry in. Hermione and her parents had had to cut short their vacation after her dad had broken a leg, though she assured him that he was fine otherwise. When she had written Ron about it, he had invited her to the Burrows for the remainder of the holidays.

“We wanted to write to you, too, but mom said Errol needed to recover first after the long trip to Hermione”, Ron said.

“So Ron tried flooing you, but we didn't get through till now”, Hermione added.

“Malfoy mentioned something about the fireplace being warded”, Harry said.

“So how have you been?”, Hermione asked.

“I'm so gonna hex Malfoy if he's done anything-”, Ron muttered.

“Guys, you won't believe this!”, Harry said. Then he told them about the Firebolt.

“Dragon dung! You're serious? A Firebolt?”, Ron blurted, “and that bitch took it away from you?”

“Ron!”, Hermione interjected, indignant, “there really wasn't any note with it?”

“I bet it's from Dumbledore!”, Ron said.

Harry rolled his eyes. “Not you as well!”

“What do you mean?”

“Oh, nothing.”

“Potter, dinner!”, Malfoy called from down the hall.

“Yes, just a moment!”, Harry replied. “Sorry. It can't be Dumbledore. He wouldn't!”

“No, I know! I know who it is from! Lupin!”

“Lupin?”, Harry shook his head. “I don't think he has that kind of money.”

“I think Mrs Malfoy might be right”, Hermione said, silent.

“WHAT?”, Harry and Ron both screamed at her.

“Well, think about it! Who would send Harry a broom like that and sneak it past the Malfoys' security? It's obvious, isn't it?”

The boys stared at her, blankly.

“That broom was probably send to you by Sirius Black!”

Ron's eyes went wide. “They're in it together! You have to get out of there, Harry!”

“Why would Mrs Malfoy have taken the broom then? Besides, I can't! Where would I even go?”

“You come here with us, of cause! Mom would gladly have you!”

“There's nothing I'd rather do, honest!”

“Don't tell me you like it there!”

“No, of cause not! It's awful here! Of cause I would rather be with you than with that ass Malfoy ...”

Hermione and Ron were both signalling him with their eyes and Harry turned around. Malfoy was standing in the doorway, staring at him.

“Malfoy-”, Harry said as he got up, raising his hands in a peaceful manner.

The Slytherin rushed him and grabbed his collar. He pushed Harry away from the fireplace into a corner.

“I'm sorry! I didn't mean to insult you! But you said you hate it, too, that's all I meant to say. I didn't-”

“Merlin's ass, will you shut up!”, Malfoy spat at him. Then he smirked. “Man, that is brilliant! And you and that half-wit Weasley don't even realise!”

Harry looked at him, confused.

Malfoy explained his idea to him. Finally, Harry hesitantly agreed and called back Ron.

During dinner, Malfoy began to set the plan into motion. He told his parents that Ron had called. “He's invited Harry and me to spend next week at his place”, he said, matter-of-factly, “I already accepted the invitation.”

“But honey-”, his mom interjected.

“You're not going!”, his father declared.

“I already promised I would”, Malfoy hesitantly argued. He indicated Harry with his eyes.

“No.”

“But dad!” Malfoy continued to roll his eyes at his parents until they caught on.

“Harry, dear, would you wait at your room?”, Mrs Malfoy said, “we have to talk to Draco about something.”

Harry quickly pushed his plate away and got up. When he went past Malfoy, Malfoy winked at him. Harry went outside and closed the door behind himself, but instead of going to his room, he cowered down and put his ear on the door to listen.

“What would you have me do instead?”, Malfoy complained, “You told me to get friends with that stupid prick Potter! And now the idiot is finally starting to fall for it. Weasley invited him over and all of the sudden Potter asks if he can bring me, too. And that son of a blood-traitor agreed! What was I supposed to say? That I'd rather starve than eat the food they touched with their grubby hands? Do you think I'm looking forward to sleeping in that rat-infested shack of theirs?”

Harry knew Malfoy was following their plan and just trying convince his parents. Still, he was playing his role quite convincingly and Harry doubted there was much acting involved. It hurt to hear him talk about his friends like that.

When the voices inside fell silent, Harry hurriedly retreated to the stairs, not a moment too early. The door flung open and Malfoy came running, the smuggest grin all over his face. “You heard?”, he whispered, excited.

Harry nodded, darkly.

Malfoy didn't catch on to his mood. He just beamed at him: “Told you it would work! Piece of cake.”

Harry so wanted to hit that arrogant prick, but he swallowed his anger. This was his chance to spend the rest of the holidays with his friends and he didn't want to mess it up by fighting with Malfoy now.

