Page's Problems

Author: Alexxx

*000*2012-04-23 03:31

“Nine! Nine! Nine!” Page squealed, squirming. I flinched my hand away from her thigh and placed it on her stomach, and rested my head close to hers. Her face was scrunched up, and her hands balled into fists by her sides.

“Calm down, baby. You can hold it.” I spoke to her confidently.

After a few seconds, she stopped shaking and looked at me sheepishly.

“Did you…?”

“No, not yet,” She mumbled, “but I was really close.”

I grazed her bare chest with my hand, lightly circling her nipples gently. Her breath quickened, and I looked at her with kind, questioning eyes.

“Sixish.” She whispered.

I kissed her, and continued slowly until made it to her neck. My lips contacted her bare flesh, and breathed warm air on her naked skin. I felt her tense with pleasure, moaning something unintelligible. My lips made it leisurely down her neck, and made it to her breasts. I rubbed them with one hand, and grazed one with my tongue, when she suddenly flinched violently.

“Ten! Shit! Ah! I can’t, um, uuuuh…!” She fumbled. I opened my mouth larger around her areola and encircled it in a wave of warmth. I held her in my arms as she moaned, and after a few seconds collapsed in my arms.

I moved to kiss her, but she turned her head ashamed. I heard a muffled sob, and as I brushed her face I felt a warm tear.

“Babe, it’s ok. I love you. It’s a problem that a lot of people have-”

“Not GIRLS!” She pouted, and plowed her face in the pillow. I massaged her hair and comforted her the rest of the night.

She had always had a problem with getting too excited during sex, and she would always…”arrive early”. She would always make it up to me, but it was still something she was horribly embarrassed about. I would always comfort her afterwards, and would go slow as to not overexcite her too quickly, but it was to little avail. We developed a system of her saying a number from one to ten to describe her arousal, with the intent of it always being below eight and NEVER ten (ten being orgasm). It has worked to allow her to last longer, but it has been difficult to remove her shirt without her accidently reaching ten, and I have never been able to take off her pants.

Although it has been difficult for our sex lives, I love this girl more than life. To be perfectly honest, it’s quite arousing to know someone is so turned on that you can make them orgasm by just touching them over their clothes.

A few days later, we’re at it once more. I carefully removed her shirt and bra earlier, without her being over a seven. I slid my hand down her pants very slowly, and with the utmost caution attempted to unbutton her pants.

She looked down at me with a terrified expression; I could tell she was doing her absolute best to keep the numbers low. She was biting her lip lightly, trying to control herself the best she could.

“Eiiiight.” She muttered quietly.

“Do you want me to stop for a bit?” I asked, looking into her dark blue eyes. She returned my gaze, matching it with worry, anxiety, and an expression that seemed to beg me to continue.

“I…uh…I-I don’t, um…” She shuddered conflicted. “M-maybe just s-slow down a bit…”

I finished unbuttoning her pants and slowly unzipped them. I stopped and laid beside her for a moment with my arm on her chest, feeling it rise and fall with her quick breaths. Once her breath returned to normal I continued. I kissed down her lower stomach, and started pealing down her pants, revealing her Hello Kitty panties. I looked up at her with an inquisitive look.

“Really?” I asked, laughing. She blushed and shrugged sheepishly.

“Hey, I didn’t think you would get that far, ok?” She retorted, and I laughed and continued.

I rubbed her inner thigh gently brushing her clit through the thin fabric.

“Ah, Ah AH, ten, ah, AH!” She yelped.

“B-But you didn’t even say a number before that!” I exclaimed bewildered.

“I w-was to distr-ah-acted!!!” She exclaimed through gasps. I rubbed her harder and kissed her thigh as she pulsed and shook below me.

After a few moments she collapsed breathing heavily. I slid my hand against her warm flesh and raised myself to her eye level and kissed her. After a moment I released and gazed into her eyes as she looked away self-consciously. I continued kissing her cheek and neck, tickling her with my lips. She giggled and faced me glaring in a playful way. I brushed her nose with my own causing her face to scrunch up.

“Did you liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiike it?” I said, kissing her lightly. She continued her cute, annoyed stare, but reciprocated my kisses, until the fourth one where she grabbed my head and curled it closer to her own and pressed me against her lips.

“Alwaayssssss…” She moaned in my ear, nibbling on the edge as a I drooled in ecstasy on the pillow. “I just wish I could make you feel similar…”

“You do!” I piped up, “You’re incredible when you give me blow-”

“Well, yeah, THAT, but I mean like, you know, normal.” She muttered.

“It’s ok. You’re getting better, I was able to even take your pants off today!” I replied happily.

“I still cum way to fast…after a few MONTHS I thought I would have more control by now…”

“You’re getting there babe!”

“Whatever…” She looked glum for a moment, but it quickly changed to a dark smile. “I bet I can make you cum even FASTER!”

She quickly unbuttoned my pants and threw off my boxers on the floor, and lowered herself to eye-level to my crotch. A few minutes later I was writhing in pleasure, and we cuddled the night away.

We didn’t see each other for a bit after that, her work schedule was brutal, and I had a few deadlines I had to meet as well. The next Friday however we were both free, and we were ecstatic for the time together again.

We cuddled on my bed and watched re-runs of Scrubs on Netflix, kissing and fooling around beneath the sheets. I noticed she was wearing sweatpants, and I wondered if that would make it easier to remove then the jeans from last time.

“Urp!” She squealed as I pulled off her pants without warning. I slid off her panties also under the sheets, and she looked at me with wide eyes.

“Number?” I asked her, looking deep in her dark sapphire eyes.

“Ummmmm… I don’t know.” She gulped “B-be gentle, I haven’t done this before…”

“Ok. Just relax.” She slumped back and looked at me with a mixture of fear and excitement. I gradually lowered myself on her, and entered her.

Her breathing quickened intensely, and her fists were balled up as tightly as possible.

“How are you doing, babe?” I asked, as gently as possible.

“Sssssssixx….? I think?” She gave me a very unsure look. I kissed her reassuringly, and gently thrusted once.

“TEN! Shit, really?!” She glared downwards, and I felt a chocking sensation on my dick.

“No, not yet, ah, No!!!” She yelled. She bit her lip as she continued, and I laid on her, stroking her sides and kissing her neck.

“AUGH.” She screamed after a few seconds, and threw me off. I sat bewildered on the edge of the bed feeling guilty…had I rushed things?

She buried her hands in her face, and I put an arm over her. “Page, it’s ok. Really. You went really far today. I’ll be slower next time.

“It’s not about ME, it’s about YOU!” She yelled, and face planted into a pillow in anger.

“Did I do something wrong?” I asked stupidly. Of COURSE I did something wrong…didn’t I?

“No, it’s just…” She sighed. “You make me feel great, and I can’t even get you off without blowing you.” She collapsed on the pillow again. My thoughts briefly flashed to my Omorashi fantasies of her, of her holding herself in front of my bathroom door, fighting the tide that was her full bladder, begging me to unlock the door…

“What?” She sat up, looking at me intently.

“Huh?” I jolted myself back to reality. “Oh, um nothing.”

“Something.” She poked my chest accusingly, “You’re keeping something from me.”

“N-no I’m not!” I had never told her about my fetish, worried that she would find it odd or perverted (or worse, find my posts online).

“Yes.” She poked me again. “You. Are. What is it? It’s something about me, isn’t it?

“No!” I protested.

“Yes. Is it sexual?” She squinted, studying my facial expressions. “What, is it like a rape-play or something? If you’re keeping something from me that would help me get you off I’m going to be pissed.”

“…It’s weird” I stuttered.

“It IS something!” She proved confidently. “What is it?”

“Nothing.”

“What is it?”

“Nothing.”

“WHAT IS IT!?”

“Nothing!”

“WHAT.” She tackled me and dug her fingers into my sides. I laughed uncontrollably, she was using my only weakness, the fact that I am uncontrollably ticklish. “Is. It!?”

“HAHAHAHA OM AHAHAHA, STOP, HAHAH I’LL TELL, I’LL TELL! HAHAHAHA! IT’S OMOHAHAHAHA”

She stopped for a moment with her fingers dangerously close to my sides, wiggling them threatingly. “Tell.” She demanded, and waited patiently for me to stop giggling like an idiot.

“Omorashi.” I gasped, and fell back on the bed.

“What’s that? Like Asian porn or something?”

“No, it’s like…” I gasped again, “Like, liking it when girls have to pee.”

“Like, peeing on people and drinking it, that kind of stuff?”

“NO! Like, when girls really have to go to the bathroom, and they’re fidgeting and stuff.”

“So, like hold-it contests would REALLY get you off?”

“Yeah.”

“Alright. Tomorrow. In my bathtub.”

“What..? A-are you sure? I mean, maybe we should try smaller scale-”

“NO. For once, I’m going to make YOU come before me. I’ve always wanted to do that.”

I sat in shocked silence as she grinned at me. Would she really do it?

(More to come later! :3)

*007*2012-04-24 02:05

The next day as I returned home I got an odd text from Page. It asked me that before getting in the tub to strip down to my boxers. Although we had fooled around before, and she had seen my dick (how else would she give me oral?) I felt sub-conscious about just showing up wearing my underwear. Nonetheless, I put my feelings aside for what I hoped would be a good show.

I stripped down in my room, and opened the door of my bathroom to see Page wearing nothing but ruby red bra and panties. She motioned for me to sit next to her, and I lowered myself into the water-less tub, noticing empty bottles of Aquafina littering the floor. She took a deep breath.

“O-ok, so how does this work exactly? What am I supposed to feel?” She asked, with a quirky smile. I placed my hand on her smooth tummy, and kissed her neck.

“Basically, the point is to hold-”

“NO!” She shouted suddenly, startling me. “N-not yet, don’t touch. I’m at an eight as it is, seeing you like that.” I looked down, and noticed a budge in my not-so-loose boxers.

I glanced back at her noticing she was looking down as well. I blushed. She stretched sexily, showing off her cleavage and then raced her arm through her caramel colored hair. “So how does this work?” She asked, squirming slightly.

“Well, normally people just hold it for as long as they can by grabbing themselves, crossing their legs and stuff.”

“Then what?”

“Then, well, they eventually lose control and wet themselves.”

“Can we play while we cuddle?”

“Sure.” I smiled and curled up next to her.

“Be careful though, I don’t want to…” She bit her lip and motioned downward. I nodded, signaling that I understood. “-before this is all over.”

After a few minutes she was rocking back and forth slightly.

“You ok babe?”

“Yeah.” She answered, “I just have to pee pretty bad. I wouldn’t normally drink that much water, and I guess I’m use to just going when I have to pee. I almost never hold it.”

“Almost?”

“Well, there was this one time in high school when the bathrooms broke and I had to hold it the entire day. It was TERRIBLE, the bus ride home was so bumpy, I almost lost it on the leather seats. In fact, I think I did let a little bit out.” Her hand snaked towards my leg, brushing it and moving closer to my crotch. She pulled the elastic band of my boxers down, and massaged my dick as she continued. “It seemed like HOURS, I sat in the back alone holding myself like a little girl. When my house came I was worried I would pee myself if I stood.”

“And?” I blurted out when she paused the story there, forcing me to wait for her to finish, as I writhed in ecstasy. She grinned devilishly.

“I made it out the bus door, but I doubled over as soon as I hit the sidewalk, and I nearly lost it there. My panties DEFINITLY had a wet patch at this point. I waddled to my front door, stopping every couple of feet to pinch my pee-hole to prevent myself from peeing anymore then I already had.”

My breathing was escalated, and I noticed she was squirming a LOT more than before, recalling the memory.

“I got to the door, and I busted through it, and made it to the bathroom, but my brother was in there taking a shower. At this point I was BURSTING, and I screamed at him to get out, but he didn’t listen.”

I was nearly drooling at this point as she stroked my dick, and I felt more turned on then I had ever been with anyone.

“I raced to the kitchen and grabbed a handful of papertowels, and crushed them against my crotch at that point.” She continued. “I wanted to wet SO BADLY even if it was just a little, but I knew if I relaxed even a little it would all come out. I kneeled at the bathroom like this-” She crawled on top of me, and placed herself over me, her legs making an upside-down V over my crotch. Her vagina was just inches away from my manhood, with just a thin, jealous piece of cloth blocking their connection. I was shaking in anticipation.

She placed one hand over her pee-hole and pinched in gently as she continued. I could see that her story was having as much as an effect on her as it was me; she was constantly shifting around on top of me and pressing her hands on her crotch. “I was BARELY holding on, and I was constantly spurting a little bit into the paper towels. I had to unzip my jeans all the way to continue stuffing paper towels in my pants, and at this point my panties were soaked. I whimpered and told my brother to hurry. Oh jeez, I’m about to wet in real life here!” She interrupted, and doubled over placing both hands on her crotch.

After a moment she quickly stood up, and reached into the drawer under the sink, pulling out something shiny and ripping it open, then collapsing on me once again and clutching herself HARD. After recovering, she reached around and pulled ‘whatever-was-inside-the-shiny-thing’ over my dick.

‘Oh, condom.’ My brain registered.

“He finally came out of the bathroom, but as I ran in I had already-” She doubled over again, and I felt a warm spot on her ruby panties. I looked down, and she was cluching a hand-sized wet spot on herself, and I felt a little bit drip on my leg before she could stop it.

“MMmmmmMMM!” She moaned, grabbing herself hard.”UUuh, I r-ran in and I was a-already squiring through the papertowels. And it was a lot at once, like one after another of long, warm spurts. I dashed in with my pants already down, and I just dived into the shower intead, laying on my back so the pee wouldn’t get any more on my jeans. I peed for like thirty seconds, but felt SO GOOD that I stopped, which was almost IMPOSSIBLE, and I waddled and locked the door, and then I laid back down and finished while rubbing mysel-”

It was too much. I ripped off her panties and thrusted my dick inside her. I started orgasming almost immediately, and I heard her on top of me screaming in unison, while leaking steadily on top of me.

“AAH, AHH, TEN, AHH! A-Are you-”

“Ye-AAAHH” I moaned, and came inside her. She collapsed on top of me out of breath, and for once she wasn’t the only one.

“Did…did you?” She asked after somewhat regaining her thoughts. My mind was still reeling, and I could still feel my dick pulsing from what just occurred. She looked into my eyes waiting for a response, so I just nodded dumbly.

“YES!” She cried, “Awww, I’ve been trying to make you cum for months! Ahh… well, I guess we found out what works, huh?”

“Yeah.” I responded, still dumbfounded.

“I guess we’ll just have to do this more often, huh?” She winked at me. I couldn’t believe my luck.

