Revenge on the teacher

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-02-03 18:34

THE REVENGE

Remember last week when I said that the teacher made me peeing myself. And then I took a shower, she brought me mew clothes and gave me something sweet. Later that day, i realized that the sweet gift wasn't enough for me and I decided to make a plan about how to make my teacher peeing herself. I began to think deeply for several minutes,hours,days and nothing came in my mind, and i was very frustrated. Looked like I was out of ideas. I went to my bedroom and lay in my bed and starting to take a nap for some hours.

2 hours later(12:00)

I heard my phone ringing, looks like someone needed me. Guess what, it was the teacher's husband, he called to come to their house for some reason. Firstly, i thought that he called me about my accident that happened one week ago. But it wasn't like that. When i entered the house, he took me to the couch and he started to ask me where is her wife(the teacher, of course). He said that she's been away from home for 3 days and then he said that he was so worried, probably someone kidnapped her, he doesn't know what actually happened. 2 minutes later, I've got an idea: i asked him if I can look for her in the whole city, just to cheer him up. And to my surprise he agreed but only if I call him when i finally got her. So technically we have a deal. He gave me some binoculars and then I left for the city while he wished me luck.

1 hour later(15:00)

I searched for her in the whole city and I couldn't find her, i looked for her in restaurants,night clubs,theatres and churches but no luck until I noticed the last restaurant where i didn't look for the teacher. I missed this place from the map. Then i started to look at the interior trough the window till i spotted the teacher. She was sitting next to a guy and I thought maybe is her brother or cousin but neither of them was. Looks like our teacher had a ''male sidechick'' (i don't know how to describe the person but you get the idea) she was dating him, even though she was married and guess what I did, oh yeah I was about to call her husband but felt like i could do more than that. I took a picture of her and that guy. It was 17:30. I headed to my house without calling her husband because I forgot to do. OK, let's just skip to the interesting part.

The clock shows: 19:30. I stayed on my computer until someone rang my doorbell. I went downstairs and opened the door. It was my teacher. I saw her doing the pee-pee dance and then I realized that she has to pee. She came closer to me and asked:

Her: Hi, today I drank a lot of fluids and I didn't find any restroom in the city. Can I use your bathroom?

When i heard that, fast enough I found an idea: making her sit on the armchair like what she did to me last week, but first I wanted to have a conversation about me and my little meeting with husband. So i had to choose between letting her pee like a good guy or making her suffer. I chose the easiest one, get it :)))))))))))). Then I answered:

Me: Can we have a conversation first?

Her: I can't. I really have to pee.

Me: sorry miss. Remember when you told me to wait till i finished the exercise. I also had to pee really bad. Now it's your turn.

Her: fine, i'll wait.

Great!!!! Now she's mine. She can't escape. I asked her where she was and she said: home and then I was like: really??? After that, i spilled the beans about my ''plan'' with her husband which was about me looking for her in the whole city and calling her husband afterwards. Then I showed her the picture of her with the previous guy from the restaurant. When she saw the photo, she was shocked and starting shaking. She begged me not to sent this photo to her husband. And another idea has come in my mind:

Me: I won't but only if you do something for me.

Her: OK. What do you want?

Me: I want you to stay here for the rest of the night, sitting on this armchair while watching something at TV, without going anywhere, neither to the bathroom.

Her: Can I do this after I pee?

Me: Sorry, miss! if you go, I am about to sent this picture to your husband. And i don't think your husband will be so happy.

Since she had no choice she agreed. Now she has to sit on the armchair for 3 or 4 hours. But I also made her drinking a glass of water 30 minutes each.

OK. She sat down squirming and we were watching random stuff: documentary,films,cartoons etc. For the first 30 minutes, she put her hands around her thighs and started rubbing and tapping them. I forgot to say that she was wearing the same BLACK clothes she wore last week: the sportscoat,the pantyhose/tights, the skirt and the shoes. I also enjoyed watching her squirming and tapping her legs. I can say I got turned on by this. 30 minutes have passed, now she has to drink the first glass of water.

3 h left

To be more interesting, we watched a documentary about rivers,waterfalls and since there is water and also water splashing sounds, it puts a lot of pressure on teacher's bladder. She couldn't take it anymore. For this amount of time, she started to do the same things but in a "weird" way. She was squirming and tapping/rubbing her legs again but quickly, she also did something new. By starting to move up and down,putting her hands on the cheeks like she was thinking, wiggling and also rubbing her shoes. Another 30 m passed and another glass of water.

Let's skip again some parts

For the remaining amount of time, she breathed very deeply and in a fast movement, as well. Since she drank by now 4 glasses of water, her urge to pee had increased and that meant she couldn't hold it any longer. She was about to stand up and heading to the toilet. But I reminded her that I could call her husband if she goes to the bathroom. She was doing some weird expressions on her face and holding her crotch very tightly until she loses control. She started to wet her black skirt and the armchair, too and then her pee was going down the floor. This took 1 minute. I could see her wet spot on her skirt from the back and also on her tights.

Me: don't worry, I won't tell your husband about this.

Her: thank you!

Me: so, we are even right?

Her: Yeah! i guess

I started to feel a bit sorry for her. That's why I decided to let her take a shower and sleep in my room just for this night. Maybe i will cheer her up. I took her to the bathroom and gave her some pijamas. She washed her body for 30 minutes and then i took her to my room and i told her I only wanted to see how does it feel like to have to pee and the person next to you doesn't let you go. Then she apologized me because she didn't let me pee last week. I also apologized her and made peace afterwards. We became good friends after this and we slept in the same bed.

END OF THE STORY!!! MORE STORIES COMING SOON

*002*2018-02-03 20:11

{{50 minutes ago, RedFish3000 said:

This was pretty hot, nice story. I also liked the ending. Desperation stories with nice endings are always my favorite.

}}

Thank you

And also I got inspired by this video from B2B:https://vk.com/videos338224754?section=album_27&z=video-93366229_171320845%2Fpl_338224754_27

