Serenity: A summer vacation interactive tale - Page 2

Author: OmoCommando

*025*2013-07-08 07:07

Status:

Isabel: Stamina (12/12) Bladder: Fine

Erika: Stamina (8/8) Bladder: Fine

[0858 hours]

You take the Wild Berry Juice, one for you and one for your cousin. Being your absolute most favorite flavor of drink in the whole galaxy, you eagerly screw off the top and down the entire bottle within a minute. You wipe the excess juice from your lips and sigh in refreshment.

“Wow...” Erika says in astonishment. “How do you always drink those so fast?”

You shrug shyly, “I don’t know, I just really like wild berry flavor.”

Erika subtly shakes her head and smiles. “I could never drink like that.” She opens her own bottle and takes a quick drink.

“Well, let’s get going anyway.”

___

The doors on the west side of the lobby led to the water park. You and Erika excitedly step outside, anxious to see what kind of wonders awaited you.

“Whoa......”

Your mouth hangs open in astonishment. There were water slides that went almost four stories high, several playgrounds with lots of watery fun, some rapids to ride a tube on, a couple log flumes... none of those fancy new rides you’d see back on Earth, but timeless fun all the same.

“Wow...” Erika steps forward and gapes in awe. “Which one should we do first?”

“Well... perhaps a good place to start would be-”

Your lower body then sends a little ping! to your brain.

Isabel: [Fine] --> [Has to go]

It was that time again. Maybe chugging that juice wasn’t such a great idea. You take a quick scan for a bathroom... but there doesn’t appear to be one around in the immediate area.

“Isabel!” Your cousin shouts. “Let’s check out that playground over there! The kitty one!”

“Um... well, you see Erika...” You try to say.

“Let’s go get changed! I want you to come play with me!”

That girl... can’t sit still when her mind’s set on something. You weren’t desperate to go... but the feeling was there. You were pretty sure you could hold it, if only for Erika’s sake. But what if you couldn’t get the chance later? There was no way you would go on one of the attractions so it might be best to find one now.

> Play with Erika on the playground

> Try the water slides

> Ride the rapids

> Ride the log flume

> Try and find a bathroom

> Other: ______.

*032*2013-07-21 10:17

Right then, sorry for the delay.

Status:

Isabel: Stamina (12/12) Bladder: Has to go

Erika: Stamina (8/8) Bladder: Fine

[0907 hours]

“Okay, Erika. We’ll play for a little while.” You concede. “Let’s find a place to change.”

You look to your left, and conveniently there is a small building labeled “changing room” with two curtain-covered coves.

“All right, change in there.” The two of you head into separate rooms and quickly switch outfits.

[isabel, Outfit swap: Workout woman --> Blue Team Bikini]

[Erika, Outfit swap: Sports girl --> Pink Bikini]

You step back out, and smile as the sun shines upon your body. It was a perfect day to go to a water park.

Erika jumps out of her changing room, grabs your hand and makes a mad dash for the playground.

“Come on!” she yells. “Let’s see who can get to the top first!”

The playground is a highly abstract piece of architecture. Paths, bars, and polygons that went every which direction. At the top, was the giant head of that kitty cartoon, it’s tail turned into a shower head, spraying the playground. There were several mist jets, sprinklers, and various other ways of squirting the playground participants.

“Eep!” You screech as a stream of water sprays your side. The playground probably utilizes an AI program to target and spray individuals at random. That should make things fun.

“Hey Isabel!” You look up to see Erika holding something attached to the playground that resembled... a... gun...

“No! Don’t do it!” You yell.

With a mischievous grin, Erika pulls the trigger and a large burst of water begins to spray you. You put your hands up in attempt to shield your face, but Erika doesn’t discriminate where she sprays you. You feel the strong stream moving up and down your entire body. “Stop it!”

“Then come up here!” She taunts you.

You run up and chase after the girl, taking care not to slip on the slick ground beneath you. Unfortunately, this playground was designed for kids 13 and under (or another species’ equivalent of that maturity level). Your left foot gives out as you run and you slip and fall.

“Ow...” You moan. You managed to get your hands in front of you before impact, which saved your face, but the rest of you hit with rather strong force. No cuts though. It just hurt.

You quickly get up. You might still have a chance to beat her, just need to take things more carefully.

Racing through water streams while trying not to knock down any other children, you hurry your way through towards the top. By the time you get there, though, your younger cousin is standing proudly at the top, hands on her hips, looking down at you and grinning in triumph.

“Too slow!” She laughs. “Aren’t you supposed to be an amazing soldier or something? And you got beat by a kid?”

You smile wryly at the smug girl. “Don’t let it go to your head.”

You sigh audibly as you climb up to Erika’s level. A nice small slide traveled down to the ground from where you were. You and your cousin happily slide down together into a shallow pool of water.

Stepping out of the pool, you shake your soaked hair about. You can’t help but smile, as it had been some time since you got to feel like a kid again. What with the stress of your current job, it felt good to just... let go like that sometimes. Just releasing the stress and letting it flow out of your body like-

Err... Almost released a little more than stress there. Caught up in all the fun, you had forgotten you had another need that should be tended to. Nothing serious, but you’d have to take care of it sooner or later.

Erika takes another drink of her juice. “Well, I’ll be sure to let you win next time.” She taunts again.

You roll your eyes. You were going to have to take her pride down, eventually.

“Well that was fun, Isabel.” Erika says gratefully. “Are we gonna stay or should we look at a different area?”

> Try out the water slides

> Ride the Rapids

> Check out the Promenade

> Check out the Sports Area

> Head for the Beach

> Head for the Swimming Pools

> Other: ___.

(notice: this story will probably change gears, sort of. Since I can't update this as quickly as before, it will probably turn into long-but-occasional updates instead of short-but-frequent. It will still be interactive, though, don't worry.)

*038*2013-07-29 05:54

Status:

Isabel: Stamina (12/12) Bladder: Has to go

Erika: Stamina (8/8) Bladder: Fine

[0926 hours]

You look at your cousin. “I was thinking maybe we could try out the water slides next. That sound good to you?”

Erika nods in approval, her blonde ponytail bouncing with each motion. “I was hoping you’d say that.”

“Well follow me then.” The two of you head past the playground and up a small path.

As you reach the end of that path, you see what looks like a gigantic rock with a scaffold. Going through the scaffold, however, was an extensive collection of colored tubes. You could only surmise that those were the slides. Each one dumped out into a small pool, at least a meter deep. Perhaps more.

You then hear the sound of a girl screaming. Those instincts of yours flicker on like a light switch, and you scan around the area searching for the source of the scream. You then look to the slides. Out from the red slide came a young woman who shot out like a bullet, making a big splash into the pool. As she climbs out, a friend grabs her hand and pulls her up.

“I think I just wet myself in there!” She shouts.

You groan and roll your eyes. For all you knew, that could be you next. At least it would if you didn’t take care of the problem. But you’re tough. And for your cousin, you’d be willing to go on at least one slide with her.

“Let me take another drink first!” Erika says. She grabs her bottle of juice and drinks a little more. Then a little more. And little more. In a few moments, the bottle was empty. Erika wipes her lips clean and makes a refreshing sigh. “That was delicious!” She then looks over to you with an excited smile. “Let’s do those slides!”

In the middle of the giant rock, was a small set of stairs that lead through to the slides. You and Erika race through, and as you finally get to the top, you see a rather large line of people... for each slide.

“Let’s try the red one first! That looked fun!” Erika yells. She grabs your wrist and pulls you over to the line in front of the red slide. You knew this wouldn’t be good. It was bound to be quite the wait, and your bladder didn’t like waiting.

“Listen, Erika: If we have to wait in this long of a line, I need to go-”

You hear more footsteps behind you. A large group of teens get behind you, preventing and way of getting out.

“You need to go... what?” Erika asks.

Yelling and laughing and being absolutely raucous, you knew you weren’t getting around that group. “Never mind.” You say. There was no choice. You had to wait out the line.

____

[0946 hours]

The girl in front of you raises her hands up and screams as gravity pulls her down the slide. In the blink of an eye, she was sliding down, rounded the corner and disappeared.

It was finally Erika’s turn. The wait had been almost a good twenty minutes, and you felt the stress increase on your bladder.

Isabel: [Need to go] --> [Holding]

Oh man, now I really have to go. It was getting tougher to ignore things. You had to concentrate to keep things in. But it wasn’t as if there was any turning back.

Erika climbs up onto the top of the slide and sits down. “This is going to be awesome!” The lifeguard looks at his monitor, watching the previous girl land in the pool. He then gestures with his finger. Erika pushes off and speeds downward, screaming in exhilaration.

Now it was your turn. You climb atop and sit down, ready to begin your descent. You feel the small jets of water spraying against your calves, no doubt intended to speed you along. Then something occurred to you. All that water that would be running against your butt, would anyone be able to tell if went on the slide. Or even right here?

You examine your current options for peeing.

Bathroom: Unavailable

Private spot(s): Unavailable

Go in the pool below: Desperation level not high enough

Go while sliding: Shyness too high

Go right now: Shyness too high

No. You think to yourself. If you really really reeeeallly had to go, things might be different. You weren’t even sure if you could relax enough to go while sliding.

“All right, go.” The lifeguard says to you.

You push off and let out an excited scream as you began speeding down the tube. It began to curve to the right. You spiraled for a few moments and then you look forward seeing a rather steep drop. As the horizon comes upon you, another wild scream escapes your lungs.

"WHEEEEEEE!!!"

You go over the curve, and slide down at an insane speed. Light then appears at the end. As the incline levels off, you feel your momentum shift, and you launch upward, out of the tube-like slide, and you crash upon the water.

As quickly as you can, you regain your bearings and swim up to the surface. Your head breaks through and you take a gasp of air.

What. A. Ride. That last drop at the end surprised you. But it was thrilling! How long had it been since you did something like that? You swim over to the edge of the pool and climb out. Erika is standing there, soaking wet, a big smile on her face.

“That slide was awesome!” she says.

“Yeah, I had fun on that one.” You reply.

“We should do another one!”

You look over at the slides. There was a green one that was fairly simple, a blue one that was a big spiral, and a purple one that was nothing but one big drop. A speed slide.

But you’d have to endure “the line” again. And that would be terrible. Perhaps you could recommend trying to go to the bathroom to Erika.

“Erika, it’s a long line up there. Maybe we should try and go to the bathroom first so we don’t have to go later.”

Erika shakes her head. “I don’t have to go right now.”

You look at her legs, which have tightened just slightly. She probably does have to go, but is willing to hold it for the sake of doing more park attractions.

You could always insist on trying to use the bathroom. If you were adamant enough, Erika would listen to you. Or you could always go try a different ride. There might be less of a line there. Or you could just give in and try the slides again.

> Choose a different slide

> Try out another ride

> Insist on going to the bathroom

> Other: ___.

