Wet Car Ride 3

Author: Marin

*000*2011-09-17 12:50

If you didn't read Wet Car Ride 1 or 2, you should. They're both under the "Wet Car Ride" topic in order.

July walked down a strange long, slender path of stones. To her left, trees, to her right, also trees. She just walked. At the end she saw a green blur too far away to distinguish. She approached a downward slope in the path and suddenly water started to rise to her ankles, then her waist. Before she new it, the water was already miles over her head. July kept walking down the path of trees. She noticed just then she’d been holding it for hours and she reached the verge of wetting herself.

“Beautiful clouds!” She said gazing up at the one cloud that showed in the sky as it turned into a rabbit, at which instant the urine had already escaped her bladder and drizzled down her pants. The wet spot grew rapidly on her pants. She was still underwater and yet her pants formed a wet spot. July finally reached the end of the path which was a dead end. She spotted a weird green fuzz on the ground that stretched out into a jacket. “Don’t be late for school!” She herd a voice from nowhere. It had no origin or source, just a voice she heard. “Wake up already!” She herd again with her third ear. July sat on the car seat next to her and started peeing her pants again, as if she was supposed to.

She had no consciousness that told her it was wrong at the time, then she woke up in her bed. “You awake yet?” Aadi smiled. July felt damp in her… diaper! She’d forgotten. She woke up in the middle of a peeing session in her dream so she felt damp. When she slipped her hand in her diaper, she was relieved to know she was dry after all. “What’s wrong? You wet yourself?” Her mother Aadi asked. “No!” July sighed. “I thought I did! I had a weird dream. I was… walking somewhere and the last thing I remember is sitting in a car seat from nowhere and peeing in it. Or maybe I peed while I was walking. I don’t remember.”

“I had a dream last night that I had to pee really bad in the car while I was driving, and I just barely made it to the bathroom and pulled down my pants in time to completely loose control!”

“Is that why your pj’s are wet?” July smirked. “What?” She checked herself. To her horror, her pajama pants were soaked from the crotch to the side were the hip was. The wet spot showed on the side of her shirt too. She gasped and covered her mouth in humiliation. The mother felt mortified. “Why didn’t you say something!!? I was standing there with a big mocking wet patch on my… PANTS!!” Aadi whimpered with her eyes moist. Her face flushed red with embarrassment as she walked to her bedroom to change, assumingly. “You’re not supposed to change yourself remember Mom!?” July teased. “Mom’s not here!” She cocked back. “You didn’t say anything about living on your own, you just said if you lived by yourself you could change yourself, but you don’t live by yourself do you!?”

“Nice try July!”

“Nice try what?” July smirked. She knew exactly what it meant. She and Mom were the only people who lived in the house. If you couldn’t change yourself, who would? Aadi gave July a stare.

“Touch my pants and I’ll hit you with a wet noodle!” Aadi enforced as she proceeded to her room to change and closed the door. July got out of bed to have breakfast and get ready for school. She usually had a shower after breakfast before making her lunch but she knew she’d have to take off her diaper to do that and get her mom to help put it back on, so she saved the hassle for last. July took her diaper off to take a shower. When she got out and dried off, she put her school shirt on and brought her diaper over to Aadi to help her put it back on.

“Alright!” Her mother began, taking the diaper from her and wrapping it around her crotch. “Hold this up for me!” She said. July held the loose diaper up from the front and back while the mother tried to secure the straps. It didn’t stick at all. The diaper fell off her butt and plopped on the floor, exposing her cheeks. “Woops!” Aadi picked it up and left to throw it away. “Guess we have to get another one! I forgot these things only stick once!”

“Awe rats!” July snapped. It was a waist of a perfectly good diaper. Aadi came back with the new diaper and they started the process again. She wrapped the plush material over her butt, July held it up for her and she strapped it down. “Okay!” Her mother finished. “Now we know to put the diaper on AFTER you’ve showered!”

“Yah! Just like we did!” July corrected. “Thanks Mom!” She pranced to her bedroom to finish getting dressed. July got out a pair of tight jean shorts and forced it up over her diaper. She pulled hard on the zipper to zip up her shorts but she eventually got it up. The hardest part was buttoning it up. The pressure was so rock-hard she almost didn’t get it. The diaper and shorts combo constricted her waist with massive force. July eventually managed to button up her shorts. Before she went out the door with her back pack her mother stopped her in her tracks. “Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! Where do you thing you’re going with that tight fit!”

“It fit’s fine Mom!”

“Uh, No! It doesn’t” The button wedged itself inside her pants ready to pop out. Her diaper sounded like it was about to pop inside, her shorts had absolutely no wrinkles. “Your gunna wreck that diaper doing that!” July groaned at the thought of having to take it off again. She struggled for five minutes trying to get it off. “Wear something loose like sweat pants or a long dress so it has room to expand when you use it! Other wise it’ll just leak and you’ll be embarrassed like me!” Aadi advised though her bedroom door. July laughed. “It’s not FUNNY!” She yelled. “Yes it is!” She cocked back. “July!! Would you shut up!!” She couldn’t stop laughing deviously. “July!” She whined. “You’re hurting my feelings!” She came out of her bedroom with the shortest, frilliest skirt she could find. It barely covered her diaper underneath. Her mother stared at her for a moment. “You’re kidding right?” She commented. “Bout what?”

“I didn’t mean that loose July!”

“Well I’m not wearing sweat pants, it’s 85 degrees outside!”

“Do what ever your want!” she surrendered. “Oh my goodness!” Something had just occurred to the Mother. “You have Jim don’t you!?”

“It’s fine! They’re weird enough, I can get away with it!”

“Do you have an extra pare in there?”

“I have two!” July ensured. Aadi hesitated. “Okay.” She started to regret making her test out the diapers. They probably work fine anyway, but there was no turning back now. On her way to the bus stop she noticed a pressure in her bladder. Shoot she thought. I should of went before I put this on… twice! She felt clean and dry after she got out of the shower and she didn’t feel like soiling herself yet, so she just held it in! She met up with her African American friend Kristen at the bus stop! “Hi Kristen!” She waved her hand up high with a bright smile. “What’s up July!”

“Not much!” She didn’t feel comfortable taking about her current undergarment. Her face was a little red. “How’d the trip go?”

“Oh! Nothing special! It was just a typical business trip.”

“So what does you mom do anyway!”

“Real estate business stuff I don’t understand!” He just nodded. “So what do you want to do when you graduate?” July asked. “I was thinking about studying criminal psychology and seeing if I can prevent some of the crime that goes on! If I can figure out why people become criminals in the first place they’d be able to live with us instead of amongst us. You know what I mean?”

“Yah, and you know, there’s really no such thing as fault when you really think about it!”

“Well, it’s a fault but, it’s not like people just choose to do things for absolutely no reason!”

“Right!”

“There’s a chemistry to everything!”

“Yah!” One big reason July and Kristen were friends was because they could agree on a lot of things. They could relate in a lot of ways. “I wanna be a nurse for children!” July perked. “How can you stand children! They’re loud, annoying, bratty, smelly!”

“It’s not their fault they have high pitched voices. If it wasn’t for their high pitched voices then they wouldn’t seem so loud! Besides, you’re still a child in your mom and dad’s eyes ya know!”

“Yah that’s true! I wish I could be as patient as you!” The bus came around the corner. They watched it approached. As July sat on the bus she really wished she’d taken that bathroom break before putting on her diaper. She crossed her legs for comfort. It wasn’t bad, just distracting and uncomfortable. It was like that road trip all over again. She was tired of holding it in. This constant desperation really started to wear her down. July shifted and squirmed a bit in her seat. The diaper’s smooth inner surface gently stroked her skin and the fluffy padding hugged her tight with love. How could she possibly soil this wonderful thing now. “You all right?” Kristen asked concerned. He had a good idea of what was going on. “Yah! It’s fine!” She reassured him. “Wish I would’ve went to the bathroom before I left though!”

“Slept in?”

“Na! I actually got up pretty early this morning!”

“So what? You forgot to go before you left?”

“Well, kind of a long story.” She began quietly and discreetly, blushing a little. “My mom got me some diapers for long road trips and she needs me to test them out for a few days to see how they work for me! But I forgot to go before I put this one on and I can’t put it back on once I take it off.”

“Oooh!” He seemed indifferent to the fact that she wore a diaper under that tiny, frilly skirt of hers. “So that’s what that crinkling was. I thought you just had one of those maxy pads.” Kristen kept the same low toned voice July had to stay level with her level of confidence of exposure. “You could hear that!?” She whispered. She blushed a little harder. July sat there stiff, embarrassed. She pressed her legs together to hide herself. “It’s cool!” He reassured her. “I’m just glad you’re not having that damb monthly cycle yet. I know how sucky that can get for gals.”

“Well don’t kid yourself, I’m just about due for another one.” She got her confidence back and let up on her legs. “So if you’re wearing a diaper why don’t you just go?” Kristen asked discreetly, curious. “I just got out of the shower! I don’t want to soil myself right now! Besides, this thing’s too soft and dry to wet right now!”

“Ah! Well how bout a joke then!” Kristen loved telling jokes. “Okay!”

“Did you here the one about the driver?!”

“I don’t think so!”

“So this Asian husband kisses his wife good by and heads to work. His wife worries about him so she checks the news. To her horror there was a maniac driving on the wrong side of the road on the street he took to work.”

“Oh my!”

“She calls him in a panic and says ‘watch out! there’s a maniac driving on the wrong side of the road ahead of you!!’” Kristen imitates an Asian accent for the punch line. “‘What are you talking about?! Every one is driving on the wrong side of the road!’” She burst out laughing as Kristen joins her. The bus gets to school and they part to go to their first classes. The final bell rings in time for July to be in her seat. “That’s the bell!” Mr. Callum began. “Time for math! So, I have good news for you today! We’re done with simplifying and deriving equations!” The class cheered. “And it’s time to start asymptotes.” He finished. Of coarse the class groaned at this, including July. “Firs I’ll start by giving you back your tests from yesterday, which I finished grading in fifteen minutes by the way.”

He tended to try to impress his students. They chuckled at his gloating. They found it funny when he bragged about stuff. The quizzes reached the students. July smiled at her paper. It was a 78%. “The class average was an 86% this quarter, which means I did a good job teaching you this time.” The class chuckled again. He really was a good teacher, not just good because all the kids liked him, but he was really good at teaching, a genius teacher.

Mr. Callum could go through the entire curriculum of math in half the time, twice the in depth study, and twice the fun with, of course, the other half of the year to spare, during which time he taught calculus, a seniors class, to juniors. His teaching methods were revolutionary, but the other teachers could never figure out how he did it. The bigger question was, why didn’t he work in a better higher paying school. ‘because rich folk don’t need anymore help, money aint everything!’ he always said, but students still didn’t quite understand. His heart was always bigger then his brain.

July forgot about her morning urge by the time she got to her second hour class and lasted until the end of her third hour class. Half way through fourth hour the urge started to bother her again, but of coarse, more strongly now. July made a conscious effort to concentrate on American Government and her bladder. The diaper felt too comfortable to soil. It hugged her throughout the whole day every time she walked from class to class. July hid her diaper successfully all day by crossing her legs, whether she knew it or not.

She had a reading assignment to work on. Her whining bladder took up half her concentration. That annoying little urge nagged her bladder to release. July shifted her legs, crossed them tighter, rocked back and fourth and bounced up and down in her chair. She looked at the time. 12:00am. It was thirty minutes to lunch time. July squirmed and groaned. It doesn’t make a difference anyways. If I take off my diaper to go to the bathroom I won’t be able to get it back on. I’d half to wear a different one, by which time I might as well just use the first one, but, I don’t want to soil this nice diaper. Maybe I can make it till lunch. She thought.

Then I’ll be able to change it after I use it. If I loose it right now, I’ll have to wait till class ends to get changed. So July endured the pressure some more. The problem was, she ran out of bathroom passes so she couldn’t just wet herself and go to the bathroom to change. She crammed one hand in her crotch and the other hand on the paper she was reading. Her bladder whined at her to let go and constantly pushed against her opening. July noticed a slight twinge in her bowels. Desperation got really bad now. July reached the verge of wetting herself long before lunch hour. She bounced up and down in her seat. It seemed that for every second she had to focus on her bladder, she had to pour more energy into not letting go.

She double crossed her legs. Though she tried to squeeze her crotch closed the thickness of the diaper prevented her from getting a good grip. Her legs shivered and sweat with desperation. She squirmed frantically in her seat to hold it in. Finally a quick jet of pee escaped into the padding. She jolted to bring her other hand down to press down the pressure. Another seep of urine escaped, and pee just kept dripping out of her urethra, past the lips and into her padding. A long stream of pee then forced its way through. July looked at the clock. 12:04. You’ve got to be kidding!! She thought. The twinge in her bowels became more noticeable, but still not serious.

“Okay little children your should have finished the reading assignment by now so pass it to the left!” Mrs. Achava exclaimed. July removed one hand to pass papers to the left. “So what did you think of that?!” she asked. “That’s messed up man!” one student commented. “I think children should be allowed to work, but no one deserved those conditions.” The students got into discussion. Meanwhile July’s eyes started to get moist and she reached her limit. She lost her strength and her bladder let out a raging fluid through her opening. The powerful stream of urine jet against the padding. The sound carried throughout the class with July in the spot light. The class went dead-silent with the sound of urine spraying inside of July’s diaper in the centre of it all.

Her diaper absorbed the liquid like a sponge on steroids. How could it catch all that pee at once without leaking? Urine slurped over her entire crotch area and slithered down her crack to the back of her diaper. The diaper expanded as it filled up with pee. The fluid poured over the entire inner surface of the diaper and drenched her bottom throughout, but it never leaked. It felt like she was sitting in her own puddle, but contained inside the diaper. It grew wetter and heavier as it expanded further past the small skirt.

Her skirt could no longer hide it now that it expand two inches past it. Everyone could see the yellow stained pad if they wanted to. Surprisingly, they didn’t want to. As soon as she was done, and the sound stopped, the class went right back to discussion as if nothing happened. July had light tears in her eyes from the wetness but she realized it wasn’t so bad. Her stomach felt better afterwards, but then she thought, what would number two be like. She didn’t want to find out too soon.

