The Magic of Desperation

Author: Foxlover

*000*2012-02-04 22:14

PLOT: A high school girl has spent the last year constantly getting teased about her weak bladder by the other girls in her school, as well as some other girls around town. (She regularly has to go in the middle of every class and almost never makes it all the way home after school, usually being forced to "improvise a pit stop" along the way.) During one of her "improvised pit stops" ), the girl meets a mysterious old man, who grants her wish to have a "normal bladder, like the other girls."

Instead of making her bladder stronger, he weakens the bladder of every girl in town! This leads to some long lines, a lot of wettings, and a LOT of "improvised pit stops" by all.

Kari was in tears. She had just endured the most horrible teasing today in 7th hour. Same person, same reason. Alissa Hawthorne, the cheer captain with a face of gold and a tongue of poison, had gotten her horde of sycophantic cheerleader henchmen to lock the bathroom doors at Central High where they attended, knowing Kari had a urinary infection when she was younger that severely weakened her bladder muscles. Kari had struggled to open the door, all the while crossing her legs, but her paper thin bladder had not allowed her to make it to the toilet.

Her teacher, Mrs. Roberts, a kind, pretty lady had soothingly told her that her condition was not something to mope about, only to be aware of. Easy for HER to say, she wasn’t the one messing herself like a 5 year old girl. This was the 4th pair of panties and skirt she had gone through in a week. Holding her books close to her chest, she hurried around the block, her face burning red. She could not shake the vision of Alissa’s laughing, malevolent face. On the outside, Alissa and Kari could not be more different; Alissa was tall, slender and shapely, with long, blonde curls and a very full chest.

Kari wasn’t that bad looking, with her shorter, straighter ginger hair and her long, toned legs…it was her overabundance of freckles her and her thick glasses that tended to turn people away. O yeah, and her thimble-sized bladder. Feeling a twinge in her abdomen, she realized she had just forgotten to pee before she left school, a ritual that she had made habit given her urinary situation. She walked faster, hoping to make it home before the dam burst, but she still had 5 blocks to go.

Ten minutes later, her need was burning, and even SHE was surprised how fast it had grown. Looking around furtively at the crowded sidewalk, she slid and hand under her skirt and gave herself a quick squeeze to help her hold it. On the second to last block, she felt her hold crumbling as hot pee began to slip through her fingers. Deciding there was nothing else for it, she ducked into a nearby alley, tore down her panties, positioned herself over a drain, and let go, sighing as her pee streamed into the grate.

When she had finished, she pulled her panties and skirt up and was just about to leave when a gravelly voice made her jump. “It’s your lucky day, missy.” She whirled around to see a stooped figure leaning against the wall, supported by a black cane. She had the nasty feeling that he’d been watching her the whole time. “I-I don’t talk to strangers,” She said, more bravely than she felt. The figure stepped into the light, and an old man materialized before her. With his gleaming head, long white beard and small stature, he looked innocent enough, except for a mischievous glint is his eye and a strange assortment of star and moon pendants round his neck. “No need to worry about me, darling. In fact, I’m here to help you.” Kari narrowed her eyes “with what?” The old man smiled, showing a full mouth of crooked looking teeth. “Anything.”

“Anything?”

“Anything. I’m a wizard, lass”.

Kari’s mind was skeptical; Being one of the brightest students in her class, she had deduced long ago that there was no such thing as magic; but then she looked at the pendants again. There was definitely something strange about this man; he radiated a sort of…power. She got closer and whispered “Could you….make my bladder bigger?” she asked in an embarrassed sort of way. The old man raised his ice white eyebrow “Eh? Usually people want riches or love….” Kari mumbled “Well, I kinda have a weak bladder; I’m bursting for the toilet a good ten hours out of my day and it’s driving me nuts; I’ve had more accidents than I can count…”

The old man peered at her with startlingly electric blue eyes. He shrugged. “Well, if that’s what you want…” Kari gasped as the old man straightened and grew taller, coming to resemble Gandalf; his cane had changed into a ruby tipped staff. The alley filled with purple smoke that no one seemed to notice as the wizard’s eyes glowed white and he muttered an incantation; “Eye of dragon, baby bird down, give this girl the biggest bladder in town!” A yellow haze seemed to fall over the city, and as Kari looked around, it seemed to be settling only on women, concentrating in their abdomens. With a puff of smoke, the wizard and his theatrics were gone.

Kari didn’t feel that much different, and with a sigh of despair, realized it must have been a hoax. She no sooner stepped out onto the sidewalk than a businesswoman ran into her, looking harassed. “Oh! I’m so sorry, dear, it’s just…well, I’ve really got to pee, it just sort of came out of nowhere, I was fine, then my bladder just filled, and-” the lady doubled over. “Sorry…” she hobbled off. Shaking her head, Kari resumed her trek. As she rounded a corner, she saw a brunette lady, relieving herself into a cup behind a truck, sighing loudly.

Wondering where the epidemic was coming from, she saw the librarian, Nancy, dancing on the spot down the street, obviously desperate for a restroom. Shaking her head, she walked on, reaching her apartment. She unlocked the front door and stepped inside, dumping her book bag on the table. Suddenly, the door flung open and Kari’s two older sisters, Kristen and Kailey came hurtling through the door. Kristen reached the bathroom first, rushing inside and locking the door. “KRISTEN, YOU’D BETTER HURRY UP, I GOTTA pee SO BAD!” whined Kailey, dancing on the spot. Another 2 minutes and there was a rapt knock at the door. Kari unlocked the door, and there stood Mrs. Downs, the landlady. “Oh, hi, Kari, dear...” she said, apparently flustered.

“How…(oooh)…are you…(oh my)..um, doing?” she said, very fast. Kari noticed that this usually composed woman could not stand still. “Mrs. Do-“Mrs. Downs cut her off, looking anxious. :I’m so sorry dear, but I am simply DYING for the toilet, and, well, your place was closest; I don’t think I can make it to mine. Can I use your toilet?” she finished, watching Kari on tenterhooks. Utterly perplexed, Kari looked down the hall. “Um, my sister’s in there, so I don’t-“ Mrs. Downs cut her off again. “Oh no, oh no…” Just as Mrs. Downs was about to lose control, Kristen came out, looking mighty relieved. Mrs. Downs brushed past Kari and into the bathroom before Kailey, who, in her fit of desperation, had not noticed Kristen vacate the lavatory.

“Wait, what? NOOOOOO!!!!” Kailey wailed as her banks overflowed and her bladder burst into her shorts, spilling all over the tile floor. Kailey sank to her knees, crying silently. Kari wasn’t sure how to feel, watching her sister wet herself, after having done it so many times before. She inched away from the puddle and her humiliated sister and disappeared into her room. She lay on her bed, looking up at the ceiling. Since the incident with the wizard, it seemed that everyone in town was experiencing the same problem she had struggled with for years. Well, actually only girls….Kari sat bolt upright.

She went over the incantation in her mind; “Eye of dragon, baby bird down, give this girl the biggest bladder in town!” The wizard HAD given her the biggest bladder in town, but not by enlarging it, but by shrinking everyone elses! Kari sat, racked with terror, till she thought about something. Alissa Hawthorn had been affected. It was now Miss Perfect that couldn’t hold her water, as well as her cheerleader friends, and they had a field trip tomorrow, with a VERRRY long bus ride. Kari smiled to herself, thinking that tomorrow would be a very interesting day….

To be continued….

*004*2012-02-07 01:51

Oh, I've got something special in mind for Alissa and her friends for that bus ride....no spoilers. ;)

*008*2012-02-27 00:39

Next chapter is up... ;)

