A Day at the Beach

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-08-02 19:20

Anne, a cheery 18-year-old girl with short blonde hair, had always loved going to the beach. Every time she went to one, she would wear her bikini under her regular clothes and take them off in plain sight when she approaches the water. Then she would jump into the water and swim so far away that the lifeguards could barely see her.

Today, she plans to go to the beach in her new blue bikini, complete with white stripes. She rushes out the door and rides her bike all the way to the beach, only to see that the beach was closed due to a storm that was said to be coming. Seeing that she had already went through the trouble of putting on her bikini, she ignores the warning and runs straight towards the water. She takes a deep breath and dives three feet underwater, and luckily finds a shiny pearl at the sea floor.

"Wow, this is pretty," she thought, as she takes the pearl and stuffs it in her bikini top. "I wonder what else I could find under here?"

Meanwhile, just on the other end of the beach, a stern-looking 18-year-old male with a skin color a little darker than Anne's and black spikes, approaches a boulder with a towel and a backpack and sits in the shade behind it. He didn't want to go into the water; he just wanted some peace and quiet. He reaches into his backpack and takes out a sketch pad and some pencils and begins to sketch a picture of a blonde-haired girl about his age swimming in the water.

Just as soon as he finishes about half an hour later, he notices a blonde-haired girl suddenly jumping out the water to catch her breath. What was ironic about it, though, was that this girl looked exactly like the one in his drawing, except the one in his drawing had more of a one-piece outfit, and was based off a girl that he knew back home. He stares at this girl as she slowly walks out of the water and strains her hair of the water that got into it. He then notices her staring in his direction and running straight towards him.

"Calvin?!" the girl called as she finally approaches him...with her hands between her crossed legs.

"Anne? Is that you?" Calvin asked, seconds before noticing the bit of a pose Anne was making. "What's wrong?"

"Oh, nothing," Anne replied, trying to hide the fact that she needed to pee. But it was clearly obvious that she's trying to hold it in. She skimps around to look for a restroom, but the only one in sight was on the other side of the beach near the entrance, which is locked because the beach was closed. Of course, she could just go, but she didn't want Calvin to see her stream, not to mention that her "goods" would be completely exposed. So, she sticks to plan C: go in the water.

Calvin stares at Anne as she rushes toward the water and suddenly stop right outside the water's reach with her legs crossed. As she holds still, he could see a stream coming out from between her legs that spurted out in the back. By the time the stream had stopped about thirty seconds later, she was crying. At this point, he didn't know whether to run before she gets pissed, or try to help her out, so he flips a coin. It lands on heads. He picks up his blanket to shake the sand off of it. Then he slowly approaches Anne, who quickly noticed him coming.

"Uh...You okay?" Calvin asks.

"Y-Yes," Anne responded, slowly wiping away her tears. Calvin stares at the dark patch between her legs. She sees him looking, but didn't care because she knew that he has seen her wet herself.

"Do you have anything to change into?" Calvin asks.

Anne shook her head no. "I came here like this."

Calvin wondered why, but was too distracted by the yellow stain on Anne's bikini bottom. Anne blushes, but comes up with an idea. She whispers into Calvin's ear. Calvin looks confused.

"You sure you wanna do that?"

"Uh-huh."

Calvin wraps the towel around Anne's waist, covering the lower part of her body. He then reaches for her bikini bottom and slowly pulls them down. He takes them to his backpack, where he then takes out a bucket and fills it with some of the sea water, and puts them in it. Anne could feel a breeze going up her legs as she could see the sky turning dark.

"A storm is coming," she thought to herself. "I really should head home, now. Then again, the rain could save me the trouble of taking a shower."

The winds started to pick up, and it didn't seem to be a light one. Just in the nick of time, Calvin comes back with her bikini bottom, looking as if the little accident she had never existed. He raises her legs so he could put them back on her, but suddenly, a very strong gust of wind had blown away the towel that she was wearing, leaving her "goods" completely exposed. Calvin quickly turns in the other direction and pulls her bikini bottom all the way up, almost giving her a wedgie. Anne blushes very deeply as she pulls him to his feet and kisses him on his lips. As he finally decides to kiss back seconds later, the two were suddenly hit by a big wave that crashed down on them and slammed them toward the sand. But this had only made Anne's desire for Calvin even greater.

*002*2012-08-02 21:36

{{:

Oddly enough, I almost bought a blue-and-white striped bikini yesterday.

The story could use a bit more buildup to the wetting, but other than that it was pretty good.

}}

Strpied bikinis and panties are a very big fetish to me, above the polka-dotted ones and the plain shiny silk ones.

Speaking of shiny, I might extend this one to see what happens to the little pearl Anne picked up, plus another wetting scene. :D

*004*2012-08-07 22:06

{{:

I liked it alot, and if you do extend it, I WANNA KNOW!!! :) 9.5/10

}}

I've extended this, already, it's on this thread here: http://omorashi.org/topic/7877-a-day-at-the-beach/#entry332710

That being said, since this is a duplicate, I'll see if I can get it locked.

Thanks a lot, though. :)

