Full on the Firefly - Kaylee

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2015-06-25 04:24

Kaylee Frye applied more torque to the wrench, twisting the large nut as far is it would go. She wiped a bead of sweat off of her eyelid with her right thumb, leaning back and bouncing on her heel. “Gorram plumbing,” she whispered to herself. “Survives a hundred escapes from a thousand Feds, but one 小和愚蠢 asteroid knocks all the pipes loose...”

She heard the hiss of a door sliding open behind her, and she looked over her shoulder to see Malcolm Reynolds standing in the doorway. “How's it coming along?” he asked. “We need it workin' before we can enter atmo, Alliance scans will notice a damaged system and it'll draw unneeded attention.”

“Everything's shiny over here, Captain,” Kaylee said. “I already replaced the cracked pipe, Jayne and Zoe handled the hull damage. All's I have left to do is seal up the hole in the floor here. Only problem is I've got to pee 像马 and the toilet water needs some time to go down-AAH!”

Kaylee fell back as the heavy cracked pipe slid on the flat steel floor, crashing into her left arm and knocking her sprawling. Mal was next to her instantly, grasping at her arm, which was bleeding freely. “Well that's not good,” he mumbled in his signature stoic tone that always accompanied his hidden anxiety. “Let's get you to Simon. Wash!” he shouted suddenly into the nearest intercom.

“What is it?” their pilot's voice called back to them from the device, seconds later.

“Kaylee's hurt, I'm taking her to the kid. Pipes are fixed but the bathroom floor is still 真的搞砸了. Maybe Jayne and Zoe can handle it?”

There was a buzz of static. “I'll see what I can do. Just take care of Kaylee.”

Mal pulled off his thick brown coat and wrapped it around Kaylee's bleeding arm as he tugged her along.

“I can, walk” Kaylee blurted out as she stumbled through the halls.

“Sorry, sorry,” Mal said, releasing her arm. “That asteroid impact made me all protective of my mechanic. Just hold the shirt there.” Soon they were at the medbay, and Simon was nowhere to be seen. “He's probably with River. I'll find him and send him right here.”

“Thanks,” Kaylee said, smiling at Mal. The captain walked around a corner and out of sight, and Kaylee immediately leaned forwards, clenching both fists and pressing her uninjured hand between her legs. “噢，我的上帝，I have to pee right now,” she cried. Her eyes immediately shifted to the medbay sink. I can't do that...this is Simon's doctorin' room, it has to stay all clean. Maybe I can find an empty zipper bag, piss in there and hide it in my pants...

Before she could do any such thing, Simon Tamm stepped into the small area, looking worriedly at Kaylee. She felt herself blush immediately, and she quickly pulled her hand out from her privates. Simon Tamm, the smart and stupid doctor, she thought. He could probably reattach a man's head but he can't figure out that I just want him to put his thing in my thing. It ain't that hard.

“Are you alright, Kaylee?” he asked slowly as he pulled on his white medical gloves. “Mal was acting like your arm was coming off.”

“It ain't nothin' like that,” Kaylee said softly. “Just a cracked pipe done cut me good. It's prob'ly gonna need some stitchin'.”

Simon stepped towards her and grasped Mal's coat, lowering it off of her arm. “It's not even that bad. A little B-Gel and you will be as good as new. He opened a cabinet over the sink she wished she had just relieved herself in when she had the chance, and he pulled out a long, grey tube with Chinese writing on it. He grasped a tab half way down the tube, pulling it open. A solid bar of some stone-like blue material fell into Simon's hand, and he grasped it at one end. “Ever feel B-Gel on your skin before?” Simon asked. Kaylee shook her head, staring tentatively at the strange medicine. Simon walked around her and held her arm still against the bed.

He raised the blue bar and pushed it hard against the cut, and the arm immediately went numb and limp. It startled Kaylee so much that she couldn't stop a small leak from escaping her throbbing privates. She trusted her thick mechanic's pants to hide it, and she tried to hold her legs closer together. The pain in her arm was completely gone, and she leaned over to look at the wound. A puffy line of blue foam was drawn over the long cut, and no blood could be seen falling from it. “That's the end of that,” Simon announced with a smile. “The foam will fall off in about forty-eight hours. However, I'm sure the pipe that cut you was rusted. I would like to have a look at you with the blood scanner, to make sure there is no trace of tetanus or worse making it's way through your body, considering it was a bathroom pipe. Please remove your shirt.”

“No!” Kaylee snapped, louder than she really needed to. “You want to see my bits and pieces, you're going to have to earn it the old fashioned way,” she finished, her indignant glare turning into a sly grin.

“Don't be immature,” Simon breathed. “I saw a whole lot more than your chest when I was patching your stomach wound my first day on this boat, and the scanner can't see through clothes. Or would you rather die from a horrible infection?”

Kaylee sighed. “Fine,” she conceded. She used her uninjured arm to tug the loose tanktop off, setting it on the gurney next to her. “Does the bra stay on, or will it 'constrict the bloodflow' or some other 废话?”

Simon just smiled at her. “It can stay on. The only spot that matters is the area around the cut. Lay back and relax.”

If I relax, I'll flood this ruttin' room, Kaylee thought angrily. She tensed up as she leaned back on the hard hospital bed, looking up into the white light that illuminated the small room. She heard wheels turning and plastic hitting plastic, and soon a long, glass sheet was positioned over her body, suspended by a grey, plastic rectangle of a machine with a number of screens on it. She knew better than to bother asking about the equipment. She could fix a ship in her sleep, but Simon's tools were far beyond her grasp. A line of red light formed on the glass, and slowly moved over her body.

“What in the 'Verse is that,” Simon gasped out suddenly.

Kaylee's eyes went wide, and she turned her head to the doctor. “What is it? Do I have tetatus?”

“Tetanus,” Simon corrected her quickly. “And no, you're fine, but Kaylee, why didn't you say something? Your bladder is containing over one and a half liters of fluid. You must be in such pain, I have bedpans you could use...”

“No, it's alright!” Kaylee said quickly, her face as red as a dying star now. She launched into a breathless tirade of excuses. “Sometimes I have to spend hours in the engine room and it's hot in there and I drink a lot and I get really desperate but I also got good at holding it in since I hate doing it in a bucket when I can't leave the engine and yes I'm really full but I can wait until I get back to the toilets-” Simon placed a hand on her uninjured shoulder, and she fell silent, looking down at her feet. “I'm so embarrassed, I didn't know that machine would see me there...”

“It's alright, Kaylee,” Simon said softly. “I should have seen it myself, honestly. You look almost pregnant.”

Kaylee squinted at her belly, and she saw that it was indeed bulging out over the waistband of her pants. “I do really have to go,” she whispered. “I guess I should head back towards the toilets and hope to hell that they've fixed up the floor already.” She rotated and stood, grasping her shirt. “Er,” she started. “My arm is kinda useless right now. Think you could help me get the shirt back on?”

“Eh? Oh, yes, here...” Simon stumbled forwards and grasped the thin fabric, pulling it open and sliding it over her head. She wiggled into it, and he navigated her limp arm into place. She noticed that Simon looked very flustered. His eyes were staring through her, and his legs were stiff.

“Thanks,” she said, giving him a curious glance. Her bladder demanded her attention far more than he did, so she turned and strode away.

###

It was five minutes later that Kaylee barged back into the medbay, startling Simon so badly that he nearly knocked over the blood scanner. “Kaylee, what's the matter? Did the foam come off?”

“Nnnoooo,” she groaned. “I can't...I can't unzip with this ruttin, GORRAM, 愚蠢无用他妈的 ARM!”

Simon blinked at her, his face stoney. “Did you ask Inara for help? Or Zoe?”

“They're both upstairs...if I tried to climb the ladder with one arm I'm sure I would wet myself, and if I use the intercom, everyone would hear...Jayne would never let me know the end of it. Simon, you...you have to help me.”

“You really- Do you want- What should I- Will you go-”

“NOW!” Kaylee shouted. Simon lurched forwards silently and grasped the front of her pants, quickly unbuttoning them and sliding the zipper all the way down. The thick pants fell to the ground. Simon stepped back, staring at Kaylee. She was wearing well-fitted light blue boy shorts, and there was an obvious wet spot between her quivering legs. She was looking down, as if that would somehow protect her dignity.

And then she looked up, just a little. Enough to see the cause of Simon's strange behavior. Even through his black slacks, the great bulge of his man parts was very obvious. And despite her desperation and shame, it suddenly hit her. Why after all this time, Simon had always been able to hold himself back to her. She had never shown him what he truly wanted to see. “The, the bedpan, or do you want...I should take you, bathroom?” He could barely speak, and she finally understood why.

“This is how you get your jollies,” she whispered to him. He froze. “I can stick my chest in your face, flirt with you for days, and you always managed to get away from me. I heard 'bout people like you, back when I lived planetside. People who love watchin' girls squirm 'round and hold themselves. But you would never tell anyone that, would you? It's weird, and wrong, and dirty.”

“Kaylee, no. What are you on about? I just...” Kaylee stepped towards him and kissed him without a second thought. “Why couldn't you have just told me, you 幼稚白痴? I'd have held myself for you any time, if it meant we could finally be together. You never had to hide this from me.”

“I was afraid,” Simon said, finally finding his words again. “I was afraid that if I fell in love with you, and you found this out about me, that you would think me a disgusting freak. I would rather have had you only as a friend than have you think of me that way.”

“Who the hell do you think I am?” Kaylee breathed. “If you want to stick it in somethin' simple-like, talk to Inara. I'm the craziest person you'll find on this ship, and that includes River. There ain't no use talking about it anymore. I know, and I understand.”

Simon grabbed Kaylee's head between his hands and pulled her in, kissing her for a long, long time. She struggled to get her legs under her, and Simon stared at the front of her thin panties. The wet spot had grown, covering the whole crotch now. She slid them off and tossed them into the sink, and then she was sitting on the hospital bed with her legs spread. Simon struggled with his belt, and she moaned in frustration at him. Finally, the pants fell and he leaned into her already slick hole. Kaylee grasped Simon's hair with her working arm, and she was just really getting the rhythm down less than two minutes later when Simon suddenly went stiff.

Kaylee looked down in surprise as he pulled out of her, his eyes closed and his arms stiff. A second later, he came across her stomach and chest. “What the hell was that?” Kaylee groaned. “We weren't at it for two ruttin' minutes!”

Simon's face was effectively a tomato now. “I'm sorry. I've...I've never done this before.”

Kaylee blinked. “Oh my god. I guess I'm not that surprised. Oh 圣他妈的 I've got to go NOW. At least when you were in there, you were kind of helping me keep it in.” She stumbled to her feet and pulled her pants back on, and Simon pulled the zipper as far as it would go over her bulging bladder. She hobbled from the room and down the hallway towards the toilets, with Simon right behind her. “Oh, no...”

Jayne and Zoe's voices could be heard from the bathroom, as well as the sounds of drills. “What are we going to do now?” Simon asked. But Kaylee's body had already answered for him. He looked down as he heard the hiss, and her dark green pants became much darker as she burst through the fabric. She shook every few seconds, her legs slightly spread and her eyes closed in relief. Simon placed both arms around her, one over her belly and the other between her legs, feeling the warm liquid surging out of her. She leaned against him with her head on his chest, and he slowly kissed her neck as she continued to relieve herself.

“It feels so good,” she said. “I haven't had to go anywhere near that badly since I went to that ball with Mal. If he hadn't gotten in a fight and cut our night short, I would have wet the floor under my dress. There were no toilets anywhere, I have no idea how everyone else stayed dry.”

Simon just guided her back to the medbay. She sat down as he pushed a small red button on the wall, and the door leading to the rest of the ship slid closed. “It's only supposed to be used in case of a contagious disease,” Simon said. “I'll tell them it's malfunctioning right now, and then we'll say you fixed it after I get done cleaning up your accident.” He reached into another cabinet and pulled out a set of scrubs and an empty grey bag. “Put these on, and put your wet clothes in the bag. I'll get you safely back to your room and nobody will be any wiser. I smuggled my sister out of a maximum-security Alliance facility, I think I can smuggle a girl to her room after she wet herself. Tell me, will we be doing this again?”

“Definitely,” Kaylee whispered, smiling up at him. “With enough practice, we might be able to get you to last three minutes.”

Simon sighed as he pulled a pile of towels out from under the sink. “Next time, I'll make sure you're the one who gets off in under two minutes. My education in the workings of the human body will likely help me with that.”

Kaylee stood up and kissed him again, gently and lovingly. “We'll see.”

###

As always, thanks for reading. Inara, Zoe, and Saffron should be coming soon :-)

*001*2015-06-25 15:07

Oh, and River too. I'll definitely be doing River...

*006*2015-06-27 13:05

{{:

OH I love it! Please make more!

}}

I already have plans for Inara, Zoe, River, and Saffron.

*009*2015-07-01 01:21

{{:

This was incredible! I can't wait to see what you do with some of the other characters, but if you're so inclined, I'd also really like to see a sequel to this one. Kaylee and Simon are just so cute together, and I can only imagine all the devious things she would come up with to excite him now that she knows his secret.

}}

I've already done Zoe if you're interested, here's a link: https://omorashi.org/topic/26596-full-on-the-firefly-2-zoe/

