Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 12

Author: Alexxx

*275*2013-07-25 20:10

(Sandy POV)

“How the heck did you pull that off?”

“Oh, what are you talking about?” I could almost feel Josh’s smirk on the other end of the line. I sighed overdramatically into the phone.

“I just hope that poor announcer is alright.”

“Oh, he’s fine. I asked him for a bit of help beforehand, and he was kind enough to put his acting major to good use.”

“Ah-hah! So it was you!”

“Not at all! It was Nightshade, the mysterious shadow of doom!”

“So, wow. You got the certificate, huh?”

“Yeah. I’m glad he held onto his soul; I have no idea what I would have done!”

“Ehh, they would have cut to commercial while you two were figuring it out.”

“That’s a relief.” Josh chuckled, though it trailed off into a soft exhale.

“Something wrong?”

“Visa’s almost up.” Josh sighed.

“Oh no! Now you’ll have to go back to battling, adventuring and having fun!” I smirked.

“Oh shut up.” Josh giggled, caught off guard.

“And you’ll leave me all aloooneee…” I cooed. “…oh what will I do without you, my prince?”

“And here I was, about to give a serious heartfelt goodbye.” Josh deadpanned.

“Hah! This better not be goodbye!” I growled lightly into the phone. “I would expect to at least see you in person first!”

“Actually, that was why I called. I have to fly back tomorrow, and I was hoping to see you again before that.”

“Were you? Well, as it turns out, Nightshade got my battle today canceled. Palmer made some excuse about not being properly ‘prepared’ after his defeat. Two days of work wasted, mind you.”

“S-sorry, I didn’t mean to-”

“Sorry? I didn’t want to battle him!” I laughed. “I just wish you had told me you were gonna beat him three days ago, so I didn’t have to study!”

Josh scoffed. “Oh, and I was supposed to know I would beat all fifty trainers, and Palmer himself?”

“You would beat them? Ooh, someone’s getting cocky. I’m pretty sure those were my Pokémon in the arena, fighting for you.”

“Technicalities, my dear.” He laughed.

“So what were you planning tonight then?” I grabbed a messy strand of my hair, and twirled it around my finger.

“Well, I was hoping perhaps you could make me something at your place? I heard you make amazing lasagna.” Josh purred.

“If I didn’t know you better, I would punch you for that.” I huffed.

Making fun of my cooking skills. I could make Lasagna if I tried! I would just need to go to the store first, and…get…lasagna supplies.

Do I have any pans? Do you NEED pans for Lasagna?

“I kid, I kid. Where do you wanna go eat? I could go for some seafood.” Josh offered.

“Oooh, I know a good place right by the sea. I’ll say goodbye to everyone tomorrow when you leave, but tonight, let’s gave it just be us. My treat?”

“Oooh, generous!”

“Just until you make it huge, and beat the Elite Four.” I smirked.

“And until then, how can I ever repay your kindness?” Josh pleaded sarcastically.

“I’m sure you’ll find a way.” I grinned, and hung up the phone.

###

(Josh POV)

A soft ocean breeze caressed me as I sat alongside the ocean. We both sat in a booth on a pier, overlooking the sea and the setting sun. The shadows of the fading light cast a warm, red glow on the sea, causing the now lavender ocean to shimmer with the sun’s dying light. I couldn’t have asked for a better sight.

Oh, and the ocean was pretty cool too.

“Stop looking at me like that.” Sandy smirked, her face beginning to show the same signs of the cool setting sun. I grinned and dipped another massive shrimp into a small bowl of the restaurant’s hot, reddish sauce.

“And how shall I look at you then, my dear?” I purred, nibbling on my shrimp, careful not to smear the sauce all over myself. Sandy opened her mouth to respond, then lowered her gaze in thought. I quickly snatched up another shrimp, dipped it quickly in horseradish, and tossed it expertly into her open mouth.

“Arrrglph!” She recoiled, covering her mouth with her hand, and smearing horseradish all over her lips. After a moment, she composed herself and swallowed the shrimp, then hastily grabbed a napkin to wipe off her face.

“Josh, what the hell!?” She feigned an angry glare.

“Sorry, gut reaction.” I giggled.

“Josh! We’re in a restaurant!”

“So? We’re the only one’s here.” I winked.

“I could have choked!”

“I know the Heimlich maneuver.” I grinned, knowing I was slightly in trouble.

“And if that didn’t work? What would you do, suck it out of me?”

“I do know mouth to mouth…” I trailed off.

“Oh do you?”

“Indeed.”

“You may have lost your touch. How long has it been since your training?”

“A few months.”

“You may have gotten rusty in that time. Are you so sure you could have saved me?” Sandy placed her elbows on the edge of the table, and leaned forward, gazing coquettishly at me with her aggressive copper eyes.

“I’d bet your life on it.” I quipped.

“Show me.” She breathed, leaning closer to me on the table. I was more than happy to comply, and leaned further against the table, and closed my eyes. Just then, a shooting pain erupted in my nose, and I recoiled in confusion and pain.

“Augh!” I shouted, my hand wiping at my nose, trying to clear the source of the pain. My hand felt something inserted inside my nose, and with one swift motion, yanked it out. A fresh wave of heat rushed up my nose, and I snorted red all across the back of my wrist.

Meanwhile, Sandy was beside herself with laugher, shaking the booth with her cackling. I angrily wiped my nose with my napkin as I pieced together what had occurred when my eyes were shut.

“You’re face!” Sandy hooted between breaths.

“You shoved a shrimp in my nose!” I shouted. “I was vulnerable! I trusted you!”

“You totally deserved that.” Sandy giggles proved infectious, and soon I was chuckling as well.

“How did I deserve that!?”

“You put a shrimp in me, I put a shrimp in you.” She stuck out her tongue.

“It’s not the same!”

“How is it not the same!?”

“You know how much horseradish burns when it’s-” I was interrupted by another wave of laughter from sandy, as she doubled over in her seat.

“It was in your nose!” She squealed.

“You suck.” I crossed my arms.

“You were trained in sucking.” Sandy retorted. “Mouth to mouth, remember?”

“That doesn’t…shut up!” I snickered, giving way to another bout of laugher. After a moment, we both slouched in our respective seats, and paused a moment to catch our breath. Sandy grabbed a shrimp and stirred it in the sauce reflectively, before giving way to a slight sigh.

“Why does this have to end?” She asked nostalgically to the sauce.

“I’ll be back. And you’ll be back.” I smiled, though my heart felt burdened.

“It’s lonely with no one to throw shrimp at.” Sandy grinned softly, her eyes turning the slightest bit misty.

“I’ll be back, embarrassing you in public in no time.” I promised, smirking, and wielding a shrimp threateningly.

Sandy slouched a bit, and gave me a tired smirk. “Just beat the Elite four already so you can get residence here.”

I closed my eyes, and imagined life at the battle park. “Mmmm. But how would I get a house?” I hummed. “Housing is hard to come by in these parts…”

“I’m sure someone would loan you a room…just until you get yourself on your feet, of course.”

“Oh? And who might this kind person be?” I grinned. “Do I know them?”

Sandy rolled her eyes. “No, I’m sure you two have never met.”

###

I gave an exaggerated sigh, and leaned back in my chair.

“What?” Sandy’s smile was replaced by a look of surprisingly genuine concern. “What’s wrong?”

“Oh, it’s nothing…” I bit the inside of my lip to keep myself from grinning.

“Tell me!” She ordered, and kicked my shin from under the table. I have a small cry of unexpected pain, and relented.

“Well,…” I began, “…I suppose it’s been a bit…” I stopped, and attempted to gather my thoughts.

“Oh wait, are you actually serious? I thought we were kidding.” Sandy gave me a worried look.

“Yeah, me too. I think it accidentally got serious.” I smiled again, but it felt forced.

“What’s up?” Sandy frowned.

“Lately with all of Static’s…complications, and your job and all…I feel a bit as if I didn’t do a very good job doing what I came here to do, I suppose.”

“What happened with Static wasn’t your fault!” Sandy blurted. “A-and…you got the certificate. What else did you plan on doing?”

I smiled lightly. “The whole reason I came here was because you choose to spend your tickets with me. In theory, I planned to return the favor by spending my time here with you.”

Sandy looked relieved for a moment before recovering and throwing on a coy façade. “You assume I would want to spend time with you…”

“Well, after the forest you didn’t exactly seem disappointed.”

“I suppose you DO owe me for those tickets…” Sandy purred. “How do you propose you make it up to me?”

“I bought eggs.” I smirked. “I’ll make us breakfast tomorrow. Actual food. REAL food. I even bought a pan.”

“Tempting offer…” Sandy growled, glaring in a playful yet frustrated manner. “But that requires you to be there in the morning.”

“Indeed it does. You see, my Visa expires tomorrow, which means I still must find a place to sleep tonight.”

Unexpectedly, Sandy looked downwards at the table, as if to consider my proposition. This startled me somewhat – had I crossed the line? It wouldn’t be as if this was the first time we had ‘spent the night’, but it would be the first time I was in her bed for the night. Was there some protocol I had failed to follow, or something I had forgotten, or missed?

“I-if you’re uncomfortable sleeping together, it’s okay!” I fumbled, “I’ll just find the Pokemon Center down the road; it’s free after all, and-”

Sandy squinted, and gave me a frustrated, yet flirtatious glaze. “Yeah. Like I’m uncomfortable sleeping with you. You caught me Josh.” She rolled her eyes sarcastically.

“Well, you looked, um, concerned-”

“It was about something else.” Sandy interrupted.

“What was it about?”

“Do you really think I can’t cook?”

“No.” I put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “No…I know you can’t cook.”

“Oh shut up!” Sandy laughed, swatting my hand away.

“But seriously.” I smirked. “What were you all mopey about?”

“Do you want to talk about that?” Sandy stood up, and moved to my seat, and sat down promiscuously on my pelvis. “Or do you want to get this?”

“Get this.” My mouth sputtered automatically.

“Then get in my car.” Sandy flashed her perfectionist smile She and stood up and retrieved her keys all in one swift motion. I followed her, excited for what the night had in store…

###

Bliss. A calm, quiet night, in a comfortable, warm bed. In the end, isn’t that all we work for, and dream of? A quiet place to rest at the end of our days, with someone to share in our struggles and victories. A warm bed to return to, a place in the universe to share with someone you’re happy to call your-

Suddenly, I took a quick breath. I was conscious. I looked at the digital clock by Sandy’s bed, the only thing illuminated in the dark room.

4:19.

Weariness came over me like a wave, reminding me of the comforts that awaited me in unconsciousness. I was far too happy to comply, and write off my sudden bout of consciousness as a meaningless occurrence. I shifted further into my pillow, and turned to wrap my arms around my lover.

…yet they hit an empty mattress.

“Sandy?” I murmured, reluctantly cracking open my eyes. I reached forward more, and found the end of the bed. She was missing.

‘Find her…’ A single, sleepy command powered my zombie like frame. Find her, so you both can get back to sleep.

I placed my hand on the mattress to get up, but recoiled it instantly when what I touched felt cold. I ran my thumb across my hand. It felt as if my hand had a small layer of grease upon it, and it felt cool and unnatural. As my senses began to return to me, I noticed my leg felt the same way – cold, and wet.

Why am I wet?

Oh my GOD I wet the bed, and Sandy ran away!

My eyes bolted open, and my hand dove to my groin to confirm my suspicions. Oddly enough, my groin was completely dry.

Mmmm…well, it’s not that wet…probably just a leaky ceiling tile, or…something. You’ll figure it out tomorrow…with Sandy.

Sandy. Where is she?

“Shit!”

The small, whispered curse grazed my ears. Sandy was in the bathroom. Now that I focused, I could also hear the sound of running water. The faucet. Groggily I stood up, wincing as a cool breeze from an open window chilled one of my legs.

“Shit!” Sandy cursed quietly once more, in a fierce, angry whisper. I lightly pushed open the door, to see Sandy standing at the faucet, quickly cupping the water, and pouring it on her pajama pants. As we made eye contact she froze, still cupping the water from the sink. The faucet continued to pour, and Sandy looked absolutely petrified.

“Josh.” She gulped, putting the water back in the sink, and turning off the faucet.

“Hey.” I offered. “What’cha doin’ up? C’me back to b’d with me.”

“Uhhh…y-you haven’t noticed?”

“N’ticed what, cutie?”

“Um…” Sandy looked away. “I, uh, I….uh…I, um…” She stuttered. “I…I wet the bed.”

Oh.

Sandy bit her finger, and her cheeks tinged a light scarlet. She looked mortified. “I-I didn’t mean to – this hasn’t happened in weeks – sometimes, just when I’m nervous about something it triggers sometimes and I guess I was nervous about it happening when I was with you, but I thought maybe just for a night it would be fine and-”

I held her hand in mine. My mind was a bit fuzzy from sleep, but I captured the gist of what she had said. She held my hand tightly, and looked up at me with her tearful auburn eyes.

“Oh god, please don’t leave.” She pleaded, pulling me into a fierce, terrified hug.

“I’m not leaving.” I smiled though my fatigue. Sandy sighed with relief, and quickly ran her fingers across her face, destroying any remnants of tears.

“Okay. Okay, cool.” She breathed, collecting herself. “Whew. I was, um, well, yeah. Okay. I’ll change the sheets really quick and put them in the wash, you go over to the guest-, oh shit, did it get on you? Here, I have some spare sweat pants.” Sandy tore open a drawer, and handed me a pair of soft, gray pants. “Um, put these on, and go to the guest room. I’ll put the sheets in the wash, and I’ll be there in a second.”

“I can help.” I offered, changing into the sweatpants, and walking into her bedroom.

“No! No, it’s fine, I can handle this. Done it before…” She trailed off. “J-just keep the bed warm for me, will ya?”

“…Can do.” I relented, and wandered sleepily into the guest room. Behind me, Sandy sighed once more, and peeled off the sheets of the bed with a practiced, embarrassed haste.

###

(Sandy POV)

With an uneven breath, suddenly I returned to consciousness. I sighed, recalling the memories from last night, and reached for Josh’s warm, comforting presence.

But he wasn’t there.

Of course he’s not there…

Too many nights, I had awoken to a cold bed. Too many times I had arisen to the lack of companionship I craved. Perhaps it was my sarcasm, or the walls I placed around myself to stave off the inevitable pain of loss, but I had never truly had a lover. Though I enjoyed the sensual moments, it was the intimate moments I craved more. A phone call for no reason, or a hug in the dead of night. Gazing at the stars hand in hand, or a light kiss on a sad day; a reminder that not all was as abysmal as it seemed.

A small stain appeared on the sheets that I held between my fingers. I realized I was crying. He left. I always knew he would – the life of a brain was always a lonely one. In truth, I could count my friends on one hand, and even then not use all the fingers. One of them I even owned, and I wasn’t sure how much that counted. Pokemon could bond with anyone. They naturally formed empathetic bonds with their trainers, quickly adopting the trainer’s hopes and dreams as their own. Does it count having a Pokémon as a friend, when they could be friends with anyone?

Josh…

More tears fell. I had only known him for a few short months, but already something kindled inside of me when I looked at him. I couldn’t call it love – not yet – but feeling the smoldering of emotions inside me damper at the sight of his absence hurt me physically inside my chest. Having this relationship exist at this distance, where I wouldn’t see him for weeks at a time already was difficult, but now that he would be gone…

…for good…

I staggered to my feet, and steadied myself on the bedpost.

Priorities. Food. Then I see what work has planned. Maybe…maybe I’ll check to see if he’s called by then. If he has…well, I’ll deal with that then. If not, I’ll get Wiggly. She’s harsh sometimes, but…she’ll be a good friend to have…without…

Fruit. I took another whiff, and noticed the undeniable smell of fruit in the air. Confused and distraught, I stumbled into the living room.

“Hey sleepyhead!” Josh grinned, standing in front of the oven. “You didn’t have cooking oil, but luckily I had something else up my sleeve.” He purred, turning to me. “Have you ever tasted the delicacy that is-” Our eyes made contact. “Oh. A-are you alright, Sandy?”

I stood in quiet shock for a moment, catching my breath. I blinked a few times, if just to confirm he was there, then let out a sigh I didn’t realize I had been holding.

“You’re here.” I stated, more to myself then to him.

“Yeah.” He nodded, smiling sheepishly. “I made you bread.”

“What?” I giggled softly.

“Check it out.”

He opened the oven slightly, revealing a purple looking loaf. He grinning, and nudged me on the side.

“It’s purple!” I exclaimed.

“Oops. Wasn’t supposed to do that!” He laughed. “Kidding. The berry determines the color. Ever had oran bread?”

“I didn’t even know you could put oran berries in bread.” I admitted.

“Well, then this will be even more special.” He smiled, and hugged me. I returned the embrace, still shaking from the morning’s revelation.

“Are you alright?” Josh repeated, keeping me in his arms.

“I…I guess I didn’t expect to see you here this morning.” I felt the hot tears begin to burn at the edge of my eyes once more.

Swiftly, he pressed his tender lips against mine; silencing the fears I had felt just a moment ago. After a moment we separated, and I took in a quick breath.

“What was that for?” I breathed.

“Didn’t know what to say.” He smirked, giving me another boyish shrug. “You know I’m not like that.”

“You’re one of few.” My voice cracked as I finished the phrase.

“Let’s talk over orans.” Josh nodded, looking around my kitchen. “I sense there’s some stuff ya want to get off your chest. Now, um, where are your oven mitts?”

“Oven whats?”

“Mitts? Little mittens you grab the hot food with?” I shook my head, not understanding. Josh rolled his eyes playfully, and opened the oven. “It’s fine, we’ll let ‘em cool naturally. More time to talk.” Josh pulled up a seat, and looked at me expectantly. I sighed, and pulled up one as well.

“I, um, I suppose…guys…haven’t been known to always stick around in my life.” I admitted, swallowing all the torrent of emotion that the simple phrase entailed. “B…but it’s a long story…”

“I’m yours ‘till nightfall.” Josh gave me a reassuring beam.

I’m yours…

“W-well…” I began. “There’s a reason I’ve never mentioned my father…”

(Also, this is where I host all my other stuff! If you comment though, please play nice :3. No one knows I like omo stuff, and I would like it to stay that way! "3)

$$

$$

$$

*281*2013-08-03 02:53

{{: 

Alexxx has mentioned this twice before, but here you go: http://www.fanfiction.net/s/8921345/1/Josh-s-Adventure

}}

(and you can find more of my stuff here too ;3)

(Josh POV)

The light of the dying sun grazed my sleeping eyes, and I let out a warm, contented sigh. I didn’t know what time it was, and as of now, I didn’t care. I was relaxed, perfect in the pleasant canopy of leaves above us. Static lay curled by my side, snoozing contently in my shadow. Nova and Myst laid side by side, with Nova’s flame flickering quietly by his side. Skarr slept perched in a tree above, looking noble as ever despite his quiet rest.

The sun was setting on the Kanto shoreline. I admit I’m not usually one to take naps, but today I made a special exception. Skarr was a bit fatigued after our flight, and the rest of the group’s sleeping schedules were thrown for a bit of a loop due to my rather sporadic use of the Pokéball as of late. Overall, we were all a bit sleepy.

Talking to Sandy was…interesting. Once she started talking, I felt we really began to connect. She’s very reserved, hiding behind the mask of strength and toughness to block her vulnerabilities. I supposed she had lived that way for so long even I believed she couldn’t be hurt.

True to my word, we talked for hours. Cried a bit. Much of the afternoon and evening was spent in each other’s arms, talking about life, and telling the other stories of ourselves. It’s interesting revealing to another the less-then-perfect elements of one’s self. Reveling the cracks and imperfections, instead of the polished, flawless façade we all pretend we are.

In the end, we don’t want someone that loves us for our façade. We want someone that loves us not despite our flaws, but who we are, strengths and weaknesses combined. Someone to make us stronger, and stand for us when we fall. Not someone to come to our sides when we need them, but someone who never leaves.

I managed to choke out that the awkward ‘take care’ at the hospital was a pathetic attempt at something more. She nodded in realization, and smiled gently.

I don’t think either of us was ready to say what came next. Perhaps there was too much pain there for her, and perhaps it was too soon for me. We both sensed the other’s apprehension, and agreed it was too soon for words that meant so much.

We talked longer, relishing each other’s rare company, yet time for goodbyes came all too soon. Before I knew it I was flying into the late sun, waving goodbye against the eastern wind.

I looked up at the night sky. Our nap had turned into something more, and the bright moon made her appearance in the starless night. I smiled, content to let our naps turn into a blissful night sleep.

###

(Koga POV)

The ever still walls of my gym vibrated. They vibrated with every breath, and every step my apprentices made inside this hallowed ground. Some of them trained with different forms, and others with mediation, but the gym reverberated all the same. I saw with my eyes my students, all diligent, becoming stronger with practice. I heard the sounds of their punches and strikes against one another as they sparred, preparing for conflict. I smelled the training mats, and the freshly cleaned glass walls -- made in a way that to the normal eye, they appeared invisible. Students trained meticulously to see the walls; only though intense devotion could my disciples perceive them. It was the mark of a true warrior.

This I smelled, saw, and heard. And yet, it felt off. Wrong. I felt the vibrations of my students, myself, and my invisible walls. I felt the shudder of the florescent lighting, and the scratching of the carpet beneath my feet.

Yet…I felt something more.

“You attempt to surprise a master of Ninjusu.” I smiled, eyeing an invisible wall before me.

A rich laugh echoed through my gym, startling several of my students.

“You impress me Koga…” The invisible entity purred. “I had believed the ways of old had disappeared eons ago. It pleases me that the ways of the shadows are still remembered.”

“The way of the Ninjusu is more than mere shadow.” I chided.

“Mere?” The voice growled. Above me, a light flickered and went dark. “Mere shadow? You forget your place, Koga. You forget the darkness freely given to you and your kind, and the stealth of a moonless night.”

The room began to grow dark, and several of my students fled. One in the corner stood shaking, holding his smart phone at arm’s length and recording the event.

“To whom am I addressing?” I spoke formally, hand cautiously on my blade.

“You may address me as NightShade.” The voice bristled. The shadows on the wall began to dance, all circling a single point. “The Penumbra grow restless at your mockery. We wish to challenge your kind once more, and assert our dominance, lest you forget that only through us do your Ninjusu clans prosper.”

“Your victory will assure us of our ignorance, then? Is this what you plan to achieve?”

“I wish for respect for the night that has cloaked you all these years.” The timeless voice echoed. “And the badge, of course…”

“And if I shall win?”

“Then perhaps you can teach us something; the endless eons of shadow.”

I smirked to myself. “It’s been awhile since I’ve used the cover of the moon, restless ghost. Now I use other tactics. Are you sure you are prepared?”

“I am aware of the dangers you pose, Koga.”

“Very well. Crobat! Silence this insolent shadow!”

“DarkBolt, force them to bow at our feet!”

A black Pikachu materialized out of shadows and conducted a series of bright cyan electricity around his fierce, red cheeks. Eyeing his prey, a Crobat from the ceiling swooped down like a violet bullet. The Pikachu let out a primeval cry and a bolt of bright blue, missing his target but incinerating a ceiling tile to ash. The Pikachu summoned another bolt and let loose another cry, and inside his mouth was nothing but blackness.

“CHAAAAAA!”

*282*2013-08-07 02:13

(Static POV)

"You know what to do, Darkbolt."

Darkbolt. Hell yeah.

“Chrooooo!” The Crobat cried, diving at me with ridiculous speed. I let loose a bolt of electricity, but she swerved away with quickness I had never before seen. My bolt missed by an embarrassing margin, and nearly toasted a light in the gym. Before I could even attempt to dodge her attack, she sliced me deeply across the side, turning my normally brown stripes a sickly lavender.

“Chu!” I streaked, and sent another bolt in retaliation. She curved sharply to the right, and once again my electricity failed me.

Koga shouted something incomprehensible, and suddenly the Crobat flipped – in midair – and flew back towards me with the same stupid speed it had before. It hit me again with something before I could flinch out of the way. I twisted around to get another clear shot, but the poison suddenly intensified, causing my vision to blur with odd colors and shapes.

Then it hit me. Aggression, repulsion, disgust, irritation, resentment, and distrust welled inside of me. I was so angry. I didn’t understand anything, and I couldn’t see past the obscure walls of colors in front of myself. I clawed at the empty air in a fierce attempt to quell the fire burning inside of me. Unjustified rage coiling inside my chest, begging to be released in waves of-

"Do you trust me, friend of mine? Though the darkness, though the pain?" -pure energy, that would pulse and smash against this unjust world! I would crush them all, destroy it all with fire and ice, and my electricity, and…

" Do you trust me, friend of mine? Though the darkness, though the pain?" A voice repeated in my mind. I remembered it before, before my anger.

I remembered a response, from a long time ago…how did it go?

" Do you trust me, friend of mine? Though the darkness, though the pain?"

"I put my faith in you, my brother. To Hell, and back again." I blinked, and suddenly I could see. The poison still burned in my veins, but my rage was gone, and replaced by relief.

"Confuse Ray." Josh answered the question before I even asked. "Wait until she gets close, then hit her when she can’t turn away. You got this, Darkbolt."

I centered all of my electricity around my fist and grinned. The Crobat looped around and dove straight at me, wind exploding off the tips of her wings and swirling around her like a massive bullet. Right before she collided with me, I smashed my electrified paw into her face.

Energy exploded around us as we fought for our successful attacks. Crobat’s speed and wind pulsed around her as she struggled against my fist. Electricity pulsed out of my cheeks as I ground my teeth, forcing my fist against her shield of wind. For a perfect second we were at an impasse. The force of my punch matched with the strength of my lightning perfectly matched the force of Crobat’s attack. Then…slowly…my fist inched its way closer, breaking the winds protecting Crobat’s face.

Time seemed to slow as the impasse was broken, and my fist crunched against the Crobat’s muzzle. The colors and distorting poison melded again into my brain, but I resisted its influence, and carried out the punch. After a moment to collect myself, I saw Crobat crumbled against one of the walls, clearly unconscious.

"Return." Josh said quietly, with a hint of pride in his voice. Like his loyal shadow, I took my place amongst his side.

###

(Nova POV)

“Muk! Avenge Crobat, and show him what it truly means to be a Ninjusu!”

“Starvoid, end this silly charade.”

“Chaaa!” I yelped, standing a few yards away from the Muk, and trying my best to look intimidating. I couldn’t see it, but all my color was gone, and replaced with a smooth, elegant black sheen. The glow from my tail was still there, but the flame itself was black, giving an eerie and mystic feel.

“Muk, use Toxic!”

"Nova, dodge it and use Outrage!" I instantly knew to jump up to avoid the poison, but his command caught me off guard, and I fumbled the jump.

“Chhh-” I hesitated, as a wave of poison sailed above me, hitting the exact place I would have jumped. "I, uh, I don’t know how!"

"What?" Josh blinked.

"I-I don’t know how to do that! I did it once, but it just kind of happened, I didn’t cause it!"

"Of course you caused it! Only you can control yourself."

"I know I caused it, just-" A large purple fist clocked me on the side of my face, and sent me sprawling to the floor.

"Focus! I had the same problem with Static when he first learned Hidden Power, trust me." Josh advised. "Some attacks are based off emotion.

His trigger was stillness and meditation. I think yours is confidence."

"Then what do I do!?" I gulped, as I narrowly avoided another semi-liquid purple fist.

"Believe in yourself. I believe in you, as do we all. Now you believe in you."

I took a deep breath, and focused on growing the multicolored claws again. I relived the experience in my mind; knowing that I could beat him. I concentrated on that feeling, and rushed at the Muk.

“Chaaa!” I screamed, and smashed my fist sunk into his putrid exterior.

I didn’t have claws.

With one quick motion, the Muk engulfed me, swirled me around his insides, and spat me back out onto the field. I choked, feeling the all too familiar effects of both the poison rushing inside me, and the acid burning against my skin.

How dare it eat me.

I pushed the weird thought aside as I stood up again to signal I hadn’t fainted…yet.

"You weren’t confident enough." Josh shook his head. "You have to believe in yourself, completely, undoubting."

"I did! I felt it, I knew I could, honest, it just didn’t work!"

"Try it once more; I know you can do it!"

The Muk struck at me again sending acidic purple splatters against the gym floor. I sidestepped him quickly, but I knew I didn’t have much farther to run.

It truly thinks it can win.

I shook my head, trying to clear these distracting odd thoughts before it occurred to me. The feeling before at the grass gym just confidence, it was invulnerability. It wasn’t the knowledge that I could win, it was the knowledge that I couldn’t help but win.

“CHA!” I screamed, as bright, multicolored claws shot out of my paw and deflected the Muk’s next strike. I smashed my other fist directly against the Muk again, and instead of sinking in, it crashed against the Muk and sent the glob flying across the gym.

I wiped the residual acid off myself, and walked casually to the other side of the gym, ignoring the poison eating through me.

"You think I’m weak?" I asked the Muk as it strained to continue to coagulate. "It’s a dangerous game to underestimate the dragons, my foe."

"What do you know about dragons, half-breed?" The Muk spat back. "You have an attack; you think that makes you special? That your trainer bought you a shiny new TM, and that somehow makes you a dragon?"

I reached inside the Muk, grabbed something, and hoisted it into the air.

"When I summon pillars of flame from my mouth, and command the air with my mighty wings, yes, I will be a true dragon. Until then… consider me in training." I tossed him across the gym, where he met the ground with a satisfying smack.

“Return…” Koga spat bitterly.

"Plus…" I continued, the intensity of my claws dulling, and the brightness leaving my eyes. "It’s not like any of us aren’t ‘half-breeds’ anymore. If you consider yourself pure, it’s probably just ‘cause you forgot who your grandpa is."

"Exactly!" Static yelped from the sidelines. "It’s been like a hundred years! Who can stay in the same species for that long!?"

"Static." Josh deadpanned. "We’ve been around for more than a thousand years."

"Whatever, I forgot a zero." Static rolled his eyes. "And zeros are worthless anyway. My point stands."

"I've waited patiently, Josh. Is it yet my turn to...?" Skarr questioned, annoyed.

"Let’s wait to see what Koga-"

“Go, Weavile!” Koga shouted, summoning his third and last Pokémon.

"Yeah, you’re up." Josh nodded.

*285*2013-08-17 02:05

(Skarr POV)

“Go, Bladed Shadow!”

“Skraaaaa!” I screeched, soaring into the air. Myst had truly outdone herself yet again; the illusion she placed upon me was flawless. The light reflected perfectly against my darkened exterior, casting aspects of light all across the gym. To my delight, she kept the sinew between my wings the same color, and matched my eyes to show the same emotionless scarlet. That scarlet was the only respite to my otherwise completely dark façade. Truly, I was a sight to behold.

"Skarr, use toxic!"

"What else would you have me do?" I chuckled. "Wait it out? Increase my defenses, and keep roosting until it runs out of power p-"

“Kah!” The Weavile screeched, sending a bolt of pure ice shooting from her open mouth. The beam caught me by surprise and hit me beneath my wing in my tender reddish flesh.

"AAAAUGH!" I mentally screamed, banking fiercely to the right in an attempt to stay airborne despite my injury.

"Skarr!" Josh yelped from the sidelines, "Are you alright!?"

"I thought it used melee attacks!" I howled as I lost altitude, attempting to use my crippled wing despite its apparent uselessness.

"Can you take another hit!?" Josh pleaded. I could feel a part of his mind racing with calculations.

"I-I…" I stumbled.

"Skarr, return!"

"No Josh, I can fight through it, I can-"

"Skarr, return." Josh ordered. I cringed as I flew back, where I was met with the reprimanding red glow of my pitch black ultraball…

###

(Josh POV)

“Even the darkness has its faults, it appears.”

I bit my lip, formulating a strategy. Both static and Nova weren’t at full strength, and Myst was weak to fighting. Bad combination.

“We haven’t got all day, Dark One.” Koga mocked. “Or rather, I suppose you do. Once this is all over, do you just go and lie under a tree, filling your place as a meaningless shadow?”

"Nova." I addressed my timid Charmeleon. He looked up surprised. "I need you to trust me, okay?"

"I already trust you?" Nova gave me a confused look.

"I’m going to send you out, and you’re going to do your best, using ember, alright?"

"Not Outrage?"

"Not this time." I sighed, already regretting my actions, although I knew them to be necessary. "Are you ready?"

"But…I’m already hurt." Nova hesitated, looking at me for reassurance.

"I know." I nodded. "But I need you to trust me, okay?"

"Okay Josh. I trust you."

"Okay." I took a deep breath. “Go, Starvoid!”

“Meleon!” Nova charged forward valiantly, instantly getting smashed by a beam of ice meant for Skaarr. Nova shook off the blow, and sent a shower of sparks at the Weavile. The Weavile cringed at the attack, and retaliated with a sharp kick, hitting the side of Nova’s face, and sending him harshly into the ground.

He didn’t get back up.

Wordlessly, I returned Nova to his ultraball.

"D-did you do that on purpose?" Myst asked incredulously.

"Don’t question him!" Static spat. "He only does that stuff when he has to!"

"I-I’ll explain later." I shuddered, grinding my teeth. "Are you ready Static?"

"Ready for anything." He answered fiercely.

"Fake out, then thunderbolt, alright?"

"Got it."

“Go, Darkbolt!” I cried, as Static leapt forward at the Weavile. His shadowed form raced across the gym, meeting the Weavile far before she was ready.

“Pikah!” Static shouted, smashing his paws in front of the Weavile. The Weavile flinched back in surprise, but quickly gathered her wits and countered with the same sharp kick that took down Nova.

Static slid across the floor. At one moment he attempted to use his momentum to flip backwards, but he fumbled, and crashed back onto the ground.

"Static!" I shouted, terrified.

“Kah…” Static stubbornly growled, lifting himself up on one meager paw.

Hang in there, Static…

“Weavile, finish this pathetic shadow.” Koga smirked. The Weavile was happy to comply, racing towards her weakened foe. Static looked up, his eyes weary, but filled with grudging, fierce determination. He wore a weak grin on his pained face, almost daring the Weavile to believe the fight was over.

“CHAAAAA!” He screamed, just as the Weavile was upon him, sending every volt he had into the unsuspecting Weavile. The Weavile convulsed with energy before landing upon the floor, unconscious.

“Ch…Cha…” Static panted, forcing himself to stand on all fours.

Koga stood at the polar side of the gym, his expression pleased, yet puzzled.

“I have underestimated you.” He began, his hands folded behind his back. “Perhaps we were only successful with our shadow’s guidance.”

“No.” I answered. Koga shot me a confused glance. “You and your protégé were successful because of your discipline and skill. To you, the shadows were but a tool; one of many in your arsenal.”

“…You confuse me.” Koga frowned. “If you do not wish to humble me, why have you come?”

“I simply wish for the badge, a symbol that you have not forgotten the darkness. A freely given tool for those with the intellect to use it.”

Koga handed me the badge, never breaking his gaze from my own.

“In my ancestry…” He began, “There was a legend of one’s own shadow. A being you must never meet, lest it be your undoing.” I felt his unsteady gaze. “However, it is said, with training, you could control such a beast. Alas…I do not feel in control.” Koga frowned. “Are you my shadow?”

“I am no one’s shadow.” I smirked, and left the gym.

*288*2013-08-22 17:20

“Here you are, sir. Enjoy you day.”

“Thank you.” I smiled, collecting my Pokéballs from the kind nurse. “You too.”

I stepped outside, and for a brief moment, admired the silence around me. The calm Fuchsia wind tussled against my orange hair, and tugged gently against my red jacket.

With a light toss and a flash of scarlet, Nova appeared before me. He glanced around himself in confusion, before sickening realization crossed his face. Big tears began forming at the corner of his eyes, and he cupped his paws around his mouth in horror.

"Nova, don’t-"

"ohmygodohmygodohmygod!" Nova hyperventilated, crying into his hands. "I fainted, didn’t I!?"

"Don’t worry about-" I tried to say, but his intense emotions made communicating telepathically difficult.

"I let everyone down!" He sobbed. "Everyone lost because of me..."

"Nova." I thought sternly, breaking into his storm of angush. "I want you to take a deep breathe, okay?"

"What good would it do? I’m still a-"

"Nova." I interrupted. "Please. For me."

Nova drew a shaky breath.

"We won, okay?" I smiled, encouragingly. "We won the badge."

"Oh." Nova smiled sadly. "Well, that’s good. No thanks to me, though…"

"All thanks to you." I corrected.

"You don’t have to be nice to me; I know I screwed up. That ember didn’t even do anything…"

"Can I tell you a secret?" I implored, kneeling down to Nova’s eye level.

"What?" The Charmeleon wiped his eyes with one paw, gazing at me with interest.

"Your ember did a lot." I commended. "But you did even more then that."

"Yeah, I fainted…" Nova sighed.

"Yep." I nodded, approvingly. "And you won us the badge."

"Huh?"

"I didn’t just need the Ember." I confessed. "I needed someone to take the ice beam attack and the fighting move. Skarr was too fatigued, Myst had a weakness to fighting, and Static was only strong enough to take one hit. Without you to take the blow, we would have lost."

"So…you wanted me to faint?" Nova asked, confused.

I sighed. Explaining my strategy was complicated. It took several sessions with Static before he understood, and even now I think he understands it more as a ‘Okay, I trust you’, then an actual strategic move. Still, I had to-

“OH! I get it! I’m like the Bishop!" Nova blurted, interrupting my thoughts.

"Um, what?" I stumbled.

"L-like in chess!" Nova shook excitedly. "When you need to sacrifice a piece to get a checkmate! Sacrificing one piece to win the game!"

I blinked. "Yeah. That’s, um, that’s exactly what I meant."

"Hah." Nova beamed at his understanding.

How the hell does he know about chess?

"How do you know what chess is?" My mouth echoed my thoughts.

"Before you adopted me, I watched a lot of T.V." Nova shrugged. "I learned to play with a few Pokémon that didn’t get adopted either. It was fun."

I knew that the center was a difficult topic for him, so I approached it with caution. "What were your friends like?" I asked hesitantly.

"They were fun. More brave than I was. Well, maybe not Bulbasaur." Nova chuckled to himself, but the joke was lost on me. "But definitely

Squirtle. He was a bit headstrong, always being on the offense, and sending his queen after me first. I think that’s how he handled his sickness."

"Sickness?" I inquired.

Nova shifted uncomfortably. "The reason we were all left is because there was something wrong with us all. Like, genetic level stuff. Mine, of course, who wants a coward dragon, you know? Squirtle was that he was an experiment. They wanted to see if they could breed a Blastoise with a Sheninja, to get a Squirtle with some kind of special ability or something. They didn’t succeed, but they did breed one with only one hitpoint. It’s sad…he really likes battling, but with the smallest hit he faints. Just like that."

"That’s terrible." I frowned.

"Yeah. Sometimes I let him win, just because I think losing all the time would be sad." Nova admitted. "Honestly though, I liked playing Bulbasaur more. He didn’t play much though."

"Was he any good?"

"Amazing!" Nova yelped excitedly. "I would always lose, well, when we finished…" Nova looked at the ground nostalgically.

"Why didn’t you always finish?" I asked.

"Bulbasaur had really bad allergies. He was allergic to the bulb on his back, and it was always releasing pollen. It was kind of funny at first, before you realized how bad it was. He had to take medication constantly, and even that didn’t help too much. He was so self-conscious about it." Nova sighed. "He would have allergy attacks sometimes, and he would have to leave. Usually I wouldn’t see him for the rest of the day."

"Ouch."

"Yeah." Nova exhaled.

"And you all learned chess from television?"

"Yeah! It taught us other games too. There was another with tablets that we liked playing, and we all played it together. The tablets were super thin, and they all had weird markings on them. You had to match them with different combinations."

"…M…Mahjong?" I asked incredulously.

"No, no. We played it together, I just can’t remember the name." Nova struggled. "It was hard because people were allowed to, like, lie with their faces. And you would bet stuff sometimes, but we would always give it back.

"…Card games!" I laughed in realization. "You watched professional Poker!"

"That’s it!" Nova chirped in excitement. "That’s what they called it! Poke-her!"

"Poker, yeah." I grinned "Oh, man. You and I’ll have to play a game sometime."

"I’d like that." Nova smiled earnestly.

"Alright. Let’s send out the gang and plan our next strategy, alright?"

"Okay!" Nova hummed. With a content sigh on my lips, I unclipped the other three ultraballs from my side.

*290*2013-08-29 03:19

I think I broke Static.

Static stood a few feet away from me, engrossed in deep thought. His forehead was winkled in a way I had never seen, and his chin met his paw at a comedic angle.

Previously, I had asked the group whether they would like smoothies now (a treat for beating the gym) or bigger smoothies if they beat a second gym today. I enjoyed progress, but I also didn’t want to push them too hard.

Nova didn’t mind. Of course. Myst quickly mentioned she didn’t mind either, right after Nova. I thought she may have been a bit worried about Sabrina’s gym and impressing me, so I made a mental note to encourage her later.

Skarr looked bored, and eloquently mentioned his distaste for smoothies. I laughed and offered to catch a Ratatta for him, but he declined and turned away.

Lastly we had Static. His tiny mind seemed at an impasse – instantaneous reward, or a bigger reward in the near future? I could almost see the smoke coming out of his ears.

Static bit his tongue quizzically. "How far away is the gym?"

"To me and Skarr? I asked. "Maybe an hour or two. To you it’ll feel like seconds. Pokeball statis."

"So we’re not walking." Static clarified.

"Yes, we’re not walking."

Static went back into deep thought. Skarr looked away, annoyed, while Myst smirked knowingly. Nova was the only one waiting patiently.

Self included.

"I like gyms…" Static muttered to himself. "And big smoothies…"

"I’d like it if you made up your mind." Myst grinned.

"Shhh, I’m thinking." Static waved off Myst dismissively.

"It’s a rare sight; it may take a while." I chuckled. Myst snorted a laugh, and Nova smiled quietly.

"Hush." Static ordered, still in deep contemplation. He took a deep breath. "Okay, I want the bigger smoothie." He nodded.

"Such emotional maturity…" Skarr droned, more cynically then usual. I frowned.

"Alright! I made my choice!" Static chirped, suddenly impatient. "Put me in stasis! I only want to come out if I’m fighting, or if we’re at the smoothie place!"

"Alright, alright. Everyone else is okay with this?"

"Yup." Nova nodded.

"Sure." Myst replied, shortly after Nova.

"Alright, see you guys in a second." I affirmed, sending Static and Nova into their respective pokeballs.

"Myst." I singled out. Myst gave me a puzzled, but attentive stare. "You’re gonna wipe the floor with these guys. Don’t worry."

"I’m not." Myst shook her head as if to banish the thought. "…Worried."

"If you are, it’s understandable." I assured. "This is the first gym where we’re relying heavily upon you. I know you’ll do great, but it’s also a large responsibility."

Myst winced, and shifted from paw to paw. "…If I faint, I won’t be able to keep the Nightshade illusion up." She admitted. "Everyone will know it’s you."

"You won’t faint." I promised. "And even if you do, so what? Sabrina can probably see though illusiojns anyway, and unlike with Koga, it won’t be televised.

Not sure if a dork with a smartphone counts as ‘televised’, but…

"Okay." She nodded, breathing a sigh of relief. "…Thanks."

"Don’t mention it." I smiled, pulling out her Ultraball.

"See you at the gym." She grinned as she disappeared into the red light.

"Ready?" Skarr’s sighed.

"Nope!" I smirked, mounting him carefully to avoid his bladelike wings. "I want to take a detour."

###

"It’s not that I feel the need to hide my emotions…" Skarr attempted to explain as we soared over the beautiful Fuchsia Valley. "I suppose I feel as if it’s mundane. Everyone has these emotions, and it’s petty."

"People are petty for having emotions?" I prodded.

"…People are petty for being overly influenced by emotion." Skarr articulated.

There was a pregnant pause.

"You’re upset about being upset." I concluded.

Skarr gave a hollow laugh. "You make it seem so simple."

"Life is simple." I smiled into the wind. "It’s people that overcomplicate it."

"Perhaps." Skarr sighed wearily.

"What’s bothering you, Skarr?"

"…Just…myself. Being foolish, and…" He trailed off.

"What do you mean?"

"I could have dodged." Skarr sighed again, closing his eyes. "I should have dodged."

Suddenly, he reminded me of Nova.

"The battle." I deducted.

"More than that!" He growled, though more at himself then at me. "I was an idiot. Overconfident; full of hubris. Thought I was invensible.

Nearly cost us the battle. Made poor Nova faint. If it weren’t for your-"

"Hey." I interrupted. "It was as much my fault as yours. I was enjoying your banter."

"‘Banter’?" Skarr questioned.

"The way you phrase things. Your witty retorts, and your sarcastic jabs. Deadpan remarks."

"You’re saying I distracted you?"

I smirked, a paused to collect myself. "I’m saying maybe with both made a mistake, but it turned out alright. We both learned, and we’ll do better next time."

"…Okay."

We continued to fly around for a bit further.

"Did you mean it?" Skarr prodded, after a long silence.

"Mean what?"

"About my witty remarks and sarcastic deadpans and all that?"

"Yeah. It’s you; it’s who you are. And I like you."

"All this time…I guess I just thought I was white noise."

"Naw! You’re…" I struggled to find the right word.

"I’m what?"

"You do yourself a gracious disservice, as one of the prestigious, and honored Skarmory." I laughed, mimicking Skarr.

"I most certainly do not sound anything like that rubbish!" Skarr countered with mock anger.

"You do it better than me." I grinned. Skarr turned to give an annoyed smirk before he resumed his flight.

"So I simply amuse you, is that it? A flying steed upon which you can mock?"

"Yup, that’s pretty much it." I laughed.

"You’re lucky I love you." Skarr growled ,laughing with his amber eyes.

"That I am." I smiled into the wind.

###

"You’re so warm."

"Uh, what?" I fumbled.

We had flown in comfortable silence for quite some time, and this was our first odd interaction since.

"We Skarmory are actually cold-blooded, you know." Skarr explained.

"Oh. That’s, uh, that’s interesting."

"I’m just feeling the heat radiating from your thighs. It’s heavenly." Skarr purred.

"Oh god. Skarr, don’t make this weird." I groaned.

"I don’t know what you’re talking about." Skarr grinned evily. "I’m not uncomfortable here."

I bit my lip.

"There’s a special bond between rider and mount, you know?" Skarr continued, despite my obvious cringing.

I groaned a bit louder.

"You move your heated human body across my cool metallic feathers, directing me across the wind…" Skarr hummed.

"Stoppppp…." I begged.

"We’re like lovers, you and I." Skarr giggled. "Knowing each other’s forms intimately, and responding to each other’s motions in kind. Like an intricate dace across each other’s bodies."

"What do you waaant!?" I whined.

"Mango." Skarr turned to grin at me mischievously, his amber eyes flashing colors of the setting sun. "I want a smoothie as well."

"All that for a smoothie?" I shuddered, and rolled my eyes.

"What!?" Skarr yelped, feigning outrage. "I meant everything I said. Our bodies moving as one…"

"Land, you creep." I laughed. I could scarcely make out Sabrina’s gym in the distance.

"I feel used." Skarr pouted then laughed as he swooped towards the gym.

*294*2013-09-05 20:18

"SMOOOOOOOOOOOOTHIE TIIIIME!"

I blushed slightly as the cashier chuckled at my predicament. A small army of Pokémon stood behind me, only moments before arguing and wondering which flavor they should get. Static was currently racing around my feet, Pokespeak on full blast, shouting in impatient excitement for his promised large smoothie.

“Honestly, we get this all the time.” The woman smirked. She was middle-aged, and had the tired grin of someone who had worked in the service industry for far too long.

“Thank you regardless.” I met her tired smirk with my own, and paid for the drinks.

It had been a long day, but I was happy. Myst had done superbly of course, completely obliterating Sabrina. It took three moves to finish the game against Sabrina’s three Pokémon. The only scare was when her last Pokémon, Alakazam, used Focus Blast before Myst could attack. Luckily the attack missed, and Myst was able to finish him off with one last, easy Dark Pulse.

Two badges, one day. A rare feat. I smiled in our accomplishment while I drank a mixture of some foul concoction I had allowed my Pokémon to mix me. Something about mango and kiwi with vanilla…something. Cake?

Static sat happily, slurping his Bannana…Bonzo, or Bang, or some alliteration. Skarr awkwardly fiddled with his straw with his wing as he consumed his Mango…Mania, I think it was. Nova drank Blueberry Burst, along with Myst, which they both enjoyed.

Despite my accomplishment – our accomplishment – somehow I felt as if something was missing. It scratched at my consciousness awkwardly, as if not actually wanting me to notice. Like a shy wallflower at prom, it fiddled non-committedly around my mind. I tried my best to ignore this feeling; it seemed wrong. My Pokémon of course couldn’t get wind of it certainly. This was the night of celebration; doing the near impossible. I should be proud of them and in an incredible mood, instead of lukewarm with this odd feeling in my mind.

I threw on my best smile, and we celebrated long into the night. Skarr even had a laugh or two, at my expense of course. We shared stories by campfire light, and giggled long after the moon shared in our mirth, high in the sky. By the nights end, I had all forgotten about the weird feeling in my mind, and I had enjoyed myself completely.

But as I shifted into my sleeping bag, it emerged once more. Unease, as if something was missing. I gave a frustrated sigh into my sleeping bag before something odd tickled my leg.

I reached the odd spot and found my cellphone buzzing. I flinched out of my sleeping bag, and quietly crawled away to a secluded spot before answering.

“…Hello?” I asked, my voice sounding slightly sleep-deprived.

“Oh, shit, sorry. Were you sleeping?” A concerned voice on the other end rang out. Sandy.

“Naw, not yet. I was just getting in, though.”

“You were still awake at this hour?”

“Said the teapot to the kettle.”

“I have a good reason!” Sandy pouted.

“And I don’t?” I mocked. “Cause, you know, I’m just twiddling my thumbs over here, not like, knocking out two gyms in one day.”

Sandy whistled into her phone. “Damn. What are you on then? Four badges? Five?”

“Six!” I grinned. “Two more, then the league. Well, Victory Road, then the league.” I shuddered, thinking of the Cave.

“Don’t worry about it.” Sandy seemed to sense my apprehension. “You’re the best battler I’ve seen not at the Battle Park. You’ll make it.”

They called the Caves ‘the culling’. The best make it to the cave. Only the best of the best make it through.

“Yeah, I-I’ll be fine.” I waved off my fear, swallowing it for another day. “I’m sure.”

“Anyway, that’s not why I called…” Sandy trailed off, a smile on her lips.

“Oh? What’s up?”

“What’s up?” She mocked in a lower tone. “You know!”

“Don’t play this game, just tell me.” I whined.

“Your birthday! Finally turning eighteen, and you stop being jailbait.”

“Oh yeah. What is today? OH, is it tomorrow?” I yelped excitedly.

“Technically it is tomorrow, so yes.” Sandy laughed.

“Wait, my birthday? What?”

“No, the time. Like, it’s so late it’s literally tomorrow.”

“…Huh?”

I heard the sound of Sandy smacking her forehead on the phone. “Your birthday. It’s today. But it’s also like 2am, so it’ll feel like it’s tomorrow. Happy birthday!”

“Oh. Man you make things confusing.” I laughed. “And thanks! Wha’d ya get me?”

“Well, I pulled a few strings…” Sandy purred into her cell. “…and I miiiight get a chance to fly down their tomorrow. I have a few battles planned in the morning, and this is not for-sure thing yet…”

“I understand.”

“…but I might be able to swing coming to hang with you tomorrow night. Maybe. If not tomorrow the next day for sure, okay?”

“Yeah, that sounds great.” I smiled.

“Alright. That’s all, just wanted to wish you a Happy B-” Suddenly the phone made a terrible sound, like a cat being slowly run over by a truck.

“Augh!” I groaned once the noise stopped. “What was that!?”

“What was what?”

“Augh, I thought that was your end!” I rubbed my ear in pain. “Some weird sound.”

“Oh, no, I was just wishing you a Happy Birthday.”

“Augh…” I looked at my phone dubiously. “Huh. Well, thanks!”

“No problem. See you tomorrow hopefully!”

“See you!” I smiled and hung up the phone.

A notification blinked alive as soon as I ended the phone call, with the phrase ‘Happy Birthday’ in the title. I sighed in realization – someone, or rather, somemon must have changed my notification ping to that awful sound. My money was on Static. Satisfied with my realization, I opened up the notification.

“Congratulations on being 21 years young!” The message read happily. I smirked at the advertisement, remembering how I had deliberately fudged my age, all those years ago. “You and your best party of six are invited to the grand Pokémon Pageant, showing off only the best in entertainment and glamor!

Show off your stuff, or admire others – either way, we hope to see you there!”

“Static’s going to have a coronary.” I grinned, and closed my phone with a snap.

###

(Overdose POV)

Florescent lights stared back at me with the same dull intensity I gazed at them. Bed, five by two. Window, two by two. White everything. Mandated food, water. Exercise. Tests.

I hated this place. This hell. The word ‘facility’ fell off my tongue like a virus, staining the very floor it fell upon with its filth. They kept me locked in this governmental cage and they have the audacity to claim there’s something wrong with me.

Hours spent staring at the lights, with my back pressed against the hard, unforgiving mattress. My tail flicking back and forth, bending the electricity of the lights to my whim.

On.

Off.

On.

Off.

On…

Suddenly, the door cracked open. I looked up with annoyed curiosity as Volt strolled in, and took his place in the second bed in this hellish room. He bounced on his mattress before looking at me with a disappointed gaze.

“We, uh…” Volt fumbled, unsure of how to begin. “We missed you today, ‘Dose. Me and the others…”

I looked away, frustrated.

“We played dodge ball. They let us have real balls and everything!” Volt chirped excitedly, before realizing who he was talking to. “…It…it was fun. I wished you were there. You… you would have liked it.”

“It’s like you don’t even know why we’re here.” I hissed.

“What?”

“They think we’re broken.” I growled. “They think they can fix us.”

Volt remained silent, and stared at the floor.

“Keep us locked in here long enough and it will break our will to be ourselves.” I sighed, shuddering at the thought.

“I mean…” Volt began, shrugging. “We are kind of broken, aren’t we?”

“What!?” I screamed, grabbing him by his neck, and hoisting him into the air.

“I…” He knew better than to struggle, and simply submitted himself to my torment. “I mean, why else would we be here, right? Normal people don’t like hurting others. Normal people don’t put poison in themselves, or break each other’s bones ‘cause they think it’s funny.”

“You’re saying I’m not normal?”

“I’m saying…” Volt squirmed, and I released him. “I’m saying, what if? What if they are just trying to help, you know? What if we are messed up; what if we are broken?”

“There is nothing wrong with what I am!” I shouted, point blank into Volt’s face. “They will not fix me. They will not change me. THAT is who I am, THAT is who I always will be, and I refuse to change.” I jumped back on my bed.

“Overdose…” Volt’s voice cracked as he whimpered.

“I’ll die before I change.” I nodded to myself. “They’ll never change who I am.”

*296*2013-09-12 19:27

"We have to what." Static deadpanned, glaring at me as if daring me to be serious.

"It’ll be fun!" I smiled. Static grimaced. I smiled wider. He growled. "Come on." I begged. "New experience, widened horizons-"

"I have to agree with Static on this one, Josh." Skarr sighed. "This pageant business sounds pathetic and demeaning."

"It’s fun!" I exclaimed. "Static, remember how awesome acting out ‘Into The Woods’ was at my school?"

"…Kinda." Static reluctantly responded.

"This is the same thing!"

"It’s a bunch of dressed up purebreds pretending they can battle." Skarr scoffed.

"This one’s different." I looked Skarr in the eyes. "Honestly. They judge the utilization and power of moves, and their application to the opponents. It’s like battling, but you’re getting judged on your performance."

"We always get judged on our performance. It’s called winning." Static retorted. I sighed, and put my hand to head.

"W-well I think it sounds fun!" A voice behind me chirped. Nova stood supportively behind me, and hugged my pant leg.

"…Thank you, Nova." I complemented, albeit reluctantly.

"I’m willing to try new things." Myst purred, whipping her tail at Static before quickly pulling it back. "Unlike some."

Static growled loudly. "Just because I don’t want to be paraded around-"

"Guys!" I warned.

"Static, we’re outvoted." Skarr grumbled bluntly. "Plus some culture wouldn’t be abominable for us. Let us make the most of what we can."

"Auuuuughhhh…" Static whined.

"Look. They probably won’t even give us an important role." I assured the group. "We’ll probably be the fight in the intermission, between the really good high-scoring fights. We’ll mostly be watching really cool effects and moves, and who doesn’t like that, right?"

"Right…" My group droned back at me. I bit my lip.

"Well, in any case, our part will be minor." I gulped. "It’ll be fine."

###

“The lead!?”

“We don’t get many applicants, sir. You’ll be our first battler with six badges in months.” The receptionist spoke honestly. “Most battlers have two or fewer. Normally we would’ve had to call in a favor to get someone so skilled to fight for our entertainment. As luck would have it though, another trainer just stopped by, only slightly less skilled then you.”

“Wow. How can you tell?” I asked, curious.

“Um, number of badges?” The receptionist gave me an odd look.

“Oh. Right.”

“Anyway, here’s a pamphlet.” The receptionist handed me a piece of folded paper. “This should be what you need to work off of. What moves give you the most point value, and what the judges normally look for. You’ll be on at eight p.m. tomorrow.”

“I’ll be there...” I assured as I turned away, glancing over the pamphlet.

"What’d she say?" Static pestered as I left the building.

"Well, actually…" I turned to the group. "They, um, they kind of think we’re hot stuff. They want to make us the lead."

"So you’re the guy who stole my spot." A voice entered my Pokespeak I didn’t recognize. I whipped around to see a blond haired trainer clutching a Pokéball by the entrance. He stood slightly smaller than me at around 5’6”, and wore a dark blue jacket. His dulled, blue eyes had large, deep circles around them.

"You know," He continued. "I thought I had that lead under wraps. Almost no one attends these things anymore, and I figured I’d snatch the lead, and introduce my Pokémon to the spotlight."

"I didn’t mean any disrespect." I fumbled.

"’Course you didn’t." The man shrugged, spinning a Pokéball on the tip of his finger. "Name’s Ethan, by the way. And I am going to have to battle you for that spot. My role against yours, three on three."

"Um, Josh." I said after a moment of confusion. "And you can just have it, I don’t think we really even want-"

"Deal!" Static cried excitedly, his cheeks sparking with electricity.

Well. I guess we’re battling.

"Go, Bolt!" The man cried, releasing an experienced looking Pikachu.

"Get ‘em, Static!" I grinned, slightly baffled, sending my own Pikachu right back at him.

###

"Bolt, use Thunder!"

"St-" I tried to think, but I encountered a subtle resistance. It wasn’t strong or firm, but it was just light enough to convey a message.

I have this.

I know what to do.

I shrugged and watched contentedly.

“Cha!” Static shouted, bouncing forward and smashing his palms in front of the opponent Pikachu. Bolt flinched back startled just as Static introduced him to his fist. The punch was imperfect, and instead of sending him flying backward, it sent Bolt soaring into the air.

“Piikaaaa!” Bolt cried, sending down an enormous bolt of electricity crashing down at Static. It struck him directly, singeing his fur and knocking him to the ground.

Bolt landed expertly on his paws, and swaggered over to finish Static off. Static sprang up, kicking Bolt directly in the chest, and pushing him back into the crater created by his thunder attack. Bolt collapsed unconscious, and Static bounced up, panting slightly.

Ethan bowed curtly in acknowledgement.

"Nice going, Static!" I smiled.

"Once you’ve fought so many of these guys, you know?" Static explained. "Just, it’s like I know, I know. Hit them with the thing, than hit them with the other thing that doesn’t stun them till they stop moving. Simple."

"Simple." I smirked. "Okay, return."

“Go, Frill!” Ethan commanded. His voice sounded nothing like his mind, and had a surprisingly dark edge.

“Go, Nova!” I ordered, tossing a Pokéball in turn. A Wartortle appeared on the other side with dark blue skin and a vibrant white shell. Nova stood tensed for battle, before blinking in disbelief and relaxing.

"Oh my god. Squirtle?" Nova asked in awe.

"Woah! Charmander, is that you?"

"I didn’t think I’d ever see you again!" Nova laughed happily, running and hugging Frill on the other side of the field. Frill laughed and returned the hug, spinning Nova in the air.

"You got adopted!" Frill laughed in his mirth. "I’m so proud of you!"

"He’s a really great guy!" Nova chirped.

Frill just grinned, and hugged Nova again. "Man, I’m so happy to see you!"

"Same!" Nova chuckled. "How’s your trainer!"

"Really understanding." Frill nodded. "He’s super cool about stuff. He’s the one that adopted Bulbasaur too!"

"Ack!" Ethan tensed suddenly. Frill twitched to shoot him a confused look. "Don’t tell him that! That’s part of our strategy, you can’t go giving that stuff away!"

"Oh. Oops." Frill puffed his cheeks awkwardly. "Well, uh, now you know."

"Sorry, for interrupting." I began, addressing Frill. Frill looked up. "Are you a shiny? Why is your shell that color?"

"Nope, not shiny. I’m just made wrong." Frill giggled.

"You’re not made wrong!" Nova frowned. "You’re made perfectly the way you are."

"I’m not upset about it." Frill laughed, shrugging. "It was just a joke."

"You always joke about it, but I’ve seen you alone. You try to paint your shell, or chug HP Up’s thinking it’ll help. You’re hurting."

"I…I don’t do that anymore." Frill’s smirk soured, and he looked away.

"It’s okay to hurt, I just don’t like you seeing you hurt yourself so other people feel more comfortable…"

"You don’t have to take everything so seriously, Nova!" Frill rolled his eyes, grinning. "If I say I’m fine, I’m fine. There’s not always ‘hidden context’ behind everything."

Nova stood for a moment, then sighed. "Well…okay. If you promise."

"I promise." Frill beamed.

"So, uh…" Ethan bit his lip. "How are we going to do this? Restart this round, each of us go to opposite ends?"

"Huh?" Ethan’s comment caught me off guard. "Oh. Uh, yeah, that sounds fine."

"Battle, battle, battle, battle, battle." Frill mocked, using his paw as a tiny mouth. "All we do, I swear."

"Josh is the same way." Nova grinned sheepishly.

"Hey!" I berated, laughing at my own expense.

"Coming!" Nova chirped, tripping over himself to scuttle over to me."

"Frill! You too!" Ethan scowled. "Come on, you’re making me look bad!"

"Coming, mom." Frill giggled, slowly walking back to Ethan.

Ethan sighed, then looked up. "Alright, you ready?"

"I think so." I laughed.

"Alright. Frill, use Water Gun!"

"Nova, use Outrage!"

