Camping with the class

Author: Dimwitrolo

*014*2017-03-08 00:27

We reach the rest of the group in a couple minutes, though we had to jog. Sarah gives me a cheeky wink before heading to the front of the group to keep order. The group is mostly quiet, we're here as more of a 'just in case' than a necessity. I take my place a the back, with Vinny, Jessie, and, of course, Jamie.

'Whose idea was a hike?' Moans Vinny. 'All the stuff to do around this place - all the activities they do here - and we're bloody walking!'

Jessie, Jamie and I all chuckle. He has a point

'Aren't you enjoying the lovely serene air?' Asks Jessie, with a hint of sarcasm in her voice. 'Don't you love the strange smells from the nearby farms? Aren't you a fan of this (she almost trips) really uneven floor?'

'No!' says Vinny. 'There's nothing here but trees - we're going to be around trees the whole time we're here, why do we need to walk through them?'

'Don't you worry Vin!' I say. 'The next part of the hike goes through a field, there won't be any trees'

'Oh come on!' moans Vinny. 'We won't even have trees to look at - Miss, why are we doing this?'

'You know' I say. 'I'm not sure. I guess you can just enjoy being in the company of your friends from school'

'I know I am!' says Jamie, who I've only just noticed is behind me. 'Lovely view as well'. I know full well what he means

'You can look at the view from in front of me' I tell him, hiding a grin. Jamie catches me hiding my grin.

'Believe me miss, I can't' He tells me. Subtle.

The field we're walking through is segregated from the forest by a hedgerow surrounding it, with a wooden gate in the middle of every wall, large enough for a tractor or for eight students and three teachers. There's a drinking fountain by the gate, which me and Sarah fill our bottles from. While I wait for my bottle to fill, Sarah tells me to do something

'Take a drink' She says. I look at her. 'Go on, quick drink'. She doesn't have a cheeky playful voice, or a nervous one. She sounds like she's giving me actual advice. 'You need to keep hydrated while walking, good for the health'. I eye her carefully, but she doesn't flinch. She said she'd make me wet myself earlier, so this seems suspicious. She doesn't respond to my doubting look, so I trust her. I dip my head down and drink from the fountain. The water is cool and refreshing, and more than welcome. It's fairly warm, and in the forest this means it's also fairly humid. I wipe some of the water on my head, and carry on drinking. A good five seconds or so of drinking and I pull away. Sarah is grinning

'Keeps you cool, hydrates you' she lists of the benefits. Then she winks at me. 'Fills the bladder!'

She's got a great poker face. She was getting me to drink more so I'll be more likely to pee. Still, I'd only peed about twenty minutes ago, so I shouldn't need to go again any time soon.

So why do I?

She grins at me, then turns to the students. 'Don't drink too much guys, the only toilets are at the cafe, and that's still a couple miles from here!' The students nod, and Sarah looks at me. As Miss Greene and the students begin to walk forward, Sarah makes a point of holding back to tell me something

'Of course' she begins, whispering into my ear. 'If you need to go already, you might have to go in the bushes, but we can't let you keep doing it'. She smirks. We both start walking behind the class.

'You know' she starts. 'If you drink a little bit, then go for a wee, then drink, then wee, and so on - that your body gets used to letting the water go right through, and you'll need to go more often. She grins at me cheekily. It explains why I need to go already. She puts a hand around my waist and pulls on me, squeezing my bladder a little. 'You don't need to go yet do you?' she asks.

'N-no!' I stammer. She knows. She smiles at me.

'Thought you might' she says. 'Better get holding'. And with that she jogs ahead to the middle of the class.

We keep walking for a good twenty minutes and we reach a dirt road. We've gone through the field and are now in another forest path. This one has a much more even path and fewer trees. Which means less cover if I need to stop and squat down anywhere - and boy do I need to go. My bladder feels heavy, more so with every step. Not quite at the level of bursting, but I'm getting nearer. As we walk, we go past a wooden sign post, with various place names, including the little cafe that is our halfway point. 1 mile left, should take about fifteen minutes if we keep a steady pace. Will I be able to make it? I press my hand on my bladder, pushing a little harder than I mean to. I feel like I can make another fifteen minutes. Maybe. If I'm lucky.

Sarah looks at me. She smiles knowingly. I must be showing signs already.

'You need a wee?' Jamie asks, startling me.

'Hm? No, I'm fine' I lie to him. He doesn't buy it.

'I know that look Miss!' he says to me. 'You're bursting, aren't you!'

I blush and nod.

'Think you'll make it?' he asks me. A little personal, but I answer honestly

'No idea' i admit. 'Drank way more than I should have'

'I know that feeling' He tells me. 'You need to pace yourself or you get too drunk too fast'

'No, no, it's water! I've drunk too much water!' I tell him, choosing to ignore his comment on drinking while under-age.

'Ha ha, I know' he says. 'That's what I meant, water, ha ha, I was, err, joking'. Jamie's a terrible liar.

'Wa-a-ay too much water' I carry on, not really realising that I'm still talking to Jamie. 'Gotta pee, gotta pee...'

'You want to go in a bush or something?' He says. 'I-I'll keep watch, make sure no-one comes over'. Keep watching me more like.

'No thanks Jamie' I say to him. He looks a little dissapointed. 'I'm sure I'll make it'. I'm not sure I'll make it.

Ten miles further down and I'm struggling to walk without hobbling. The forest has become more dense, and there are small rises and falls in the floor, enough that Finley, Agatha and Lucas have fallen over a couple times. No-one got hurt, but everyone did chuckle.

Each incline is hell on my bladder. Every time I step up I put pressure on it, and I'm sure I must be wincing and moaning a little - Sarah keeps smirking at me, and Jamie seems a little hot under the collar.

Then we reach another dip and incline. The dip is very sharp, almost 45 degrees down. The incline looks to be about 25 going up, but is almost twice the height. Good.

Everyone sort of stumbles down the dip - I fall flat on my face, cue the short chuckle from everyone. Pushing myself up from the floor, a few leaves sticking to my face, I feel my bladder nearly give way. Standing on my two feet, I clamp my crotch hard with both hands. Sarah and Jamie are both watching - Sarah is smirking, Jamie looks eager, mouth agape.

'Y-you okay Miss?' he asks. I nod, hands clamped.

'y-you go on with the others' I tell him. 'I think I'm about to wet myself'

'Don't stop here, 'miss'' Sarah whispers into my ear as Jamie clambers up the incline. 'Look at what's just ahead...'

I glare at Sarah, she catches it and giggles a little. She pats my backside as she jogs to the top of the incline, turns and waits for me.

'You can do it Miss Rose!' she shouts. I look up at her. The others have left. Now's my chance. I undo my shorts button, and pull down the fly. She darts over to me. I begin to pull them down. She can't stop herself running down the incline and charges into me, sending us both to the floor. I still have both hands on my crotch, now clamped together. My shorts are about halfway down my thighs, but my panties are still on. Which is just as well, as I hear footsteps approach.

'Do you need any help mis-' Jamie says, before stopping quiet. Sarah is sat on top of me, smirking. My knees are in the air, and Jamie has a direct line of sight to my backside. He starts to come over. 'Everything alright?'

'Hm? Oh, yes!' Sarah tells him, still sat on me and grinning. I just fell down is all!'

'I think he means me, Sarah' I say. She stands up off of me and I pull my shorts up. Jamie is smirking too now.

'What happened?' he asks.

'I was readjusting my shorts' I tell him.

'Why was Miss Crossgrove sat on top of you?' he asks.

'She fell over on the way down' I tell her.

'Why was she coming over to you?' He asks, as the three of us start our way up the incline.

'I don't really know - hmm!' I can't stop a moan as we head up the incline. My bladder is screaming for release. I moan with each step, and Sarah and Jamie seem to love each one I make.

'There you are Miss Rose!' Sarah says loudly when we reach the top. 'The toilets are just over there, not long now!'. I can tell she's saying it loudly so that Jamie knows what's going on. From the top of the incline we can see the little cafe, with some wooden tables sat around it, and a separate toilet block.

'You gotta pee?' He asks me again. 'Is it bad?'

'I-I'll be fine' I tell him.

We start walking down, Jamie a few steps behind I and Sarah. On the one hand, I know he's staring at my ass. On the other hand, him watching means that Sarah won't try and pull on my waist or grab my ass and try to make me pee.

Within five minutes we reach the cafe. While Miss Greene goes over and orders 11 cups of tea, the students all make a dash for the toilet. The toilet block is just two cubicles, just my luck. I'm about to get at the back of the queue when I hear someone calling me

'Excuse me, Miss Crossgrove!'

It's Headmaster Micheals. He beckons me over to himself, sat on one of the benches.

'Yes sir?' I begin. He's quick to respond

'Bit of an emergency' he tells me - certainly is, I'm about to burst. 'There's been a police report of an incident nearby, we need to get the students back to the campsites as quickly as possible, we've bought the minivan to get them over'

An incident? This can't be good. I feel like I'm about to have an incident.

'Hold on, er, sir' I begin. Need to be respectful. Need to pee. 'The minivan will only seat nine'

'I know' He tells me. 'Miss Crossgrove says that you and her will be okay to walk back to the site together, is this okay with you?'

NO IT IS NOT 'Yeah, that's f-fine' I say to him. 'I-it'll be safe, right?' I ask

'Of course' says the Headmaster. 'But we'd rather be safe than sorry, so we're taking all students back to the site'

'So they're going to take them back, and we're walking' says Sarah suddenly. 'Let's start now and get ahead'

'But I have to-'

'Come on Miss Rose' Sarah insists, taking me by the shoulder. 'We'll finish our drinks quickly then, if you really want' she adds, handing me a large coffee. I wanted hot chocolate!

Sir Micheals smiles at me, raising his own cup. I and Sarah smile back, raising ours, and drinking. I'm trying to hide both frustration and desperation, which isn't easy when I feel like I should be peeing right now. On the one hand, Headmaster Micheals doesn't know me too well, and I want to make a good impression. On the other hand is Sarah, grinning smugly at me as she sips her coffee. I drink from mine. My bladder protests as the coffee goes down my throat. Thanks Sarah.

'Thank you Sarah' I say to her, trying to sound civil, having finished our coffees. The students are back and being funnelled onto the bus. Me, her and the headmaster are watching the students get on.

'Well, we'll see you back at camp' Headmaster says to me. 'See you soon'

'I'm just going to go and-' I begin

'No you're not' says Sarah. 'You've already had a coffee, get another back at camp' she says, patting me on the back. Headmaster Micheals chuckles.

'I don't blame her wanting more' he says. 'This is a good cup of tea'. He smiles at us, taking our cups for us to the nearest bin. 'I'm sure you can come back another time this week!' he says cheerily, heading to the van. He climbs in, the doors shut, and the van drives off. I sigh and almost wet myself on the spot.

'Let's get going!' says Sarah, who drags me by one arm, away from the toilets. I'm too desperate to protest, and can only follow, grabbing at my crotch with one hand. She drags me, half running toward the mound we passed on the way here. With each step I feel my bladder losing more and more control until

*drip*

I jerk my hand from Sarah and jam both hands in between my legs. I bend over at the waist and hold tight, as I try to regain control. I feel like I'm about to lose my bladder where I stand.

'Whatssamatter Katie?' Sarah asks me, putting on an oh-so-innocent voice. 'Do you need the toilet?'

'Sarah.....I swear to hnnnnn~~'. It takes ALL my effort not to leak. ALL. I can't even talk without leaking.

'Why didn't you go when we were at the toilet block?' She asks me, one finger to her mouth. 'Gee Catherine! You should have said! Would you like to go back?'

I glance over. I wouldn't reach the toilet before I starting going to the toilet. I shake my head

'You think you'll make it?' she says to me, almost surprised. I'm going to have to pee in a bush. 'You can't go in a bush or anything before we get to camp now Catherine!' she adds.

'I can. I will' I hiss.

'I wouldn't be so sure Kattie!' she says, dropping her act, sounding now like she's loving every moment. She drags me by the arm again and pulls me. I lose a spurt immediately but can't pull back this time - I drip all the way to the incline and dip. We reach the top of the incline and Sarah stops. By now my green shorts have a notable wet patch, and there are wet streaks down my legs to my knees.

'Nearly there now' Sarah says, echoing her earlier promise. 'You can go at the bottom'

I can go! She said I can go! I hobble over the incline, and slowly shuffle to the bottom, losing a couple more spurts.

'You made it Cattie!' She says, feigning pride, really over the top. 'You did it! Well Done!' She hugs me tightly as she does, squeezing at my bladder. I don't hold back and I squirt pee into my shorts again, down my legs and a little on hers. She lets go and steps back. There's a wet streak on her pants now, starting from the bottom of her pocket and reaching within 3 inches of her knee. She smiles at me.

'Gee, Cat, you gotta pee!' She smirks at me again. 'Not yet though!'. She fingers at the wet streak I've left on her leg. 'You know, Cat, that where you've been drinking so much, and peeing so much, that your pee is basically clean'. I lose another spurt into my shorts, moaning as it sloshes out and splatters onto the floor. 'See? Your pee is clear, like water. You could drink that if you really wanted'

'C-can I pee yet?'

I'm too desperate to even realise I can pee whenever I want. Right now I'm just assuming she's in command.

'Not yet, Cattie, we haven't finished our little science lesson!' she smirks. She doesn't even teach science. 'Do you know what a fetish is?' She asks. I nod. 'What is it?' she asks.

'I-i-t's, It's a, Hnnn (I spurt again), it's a sexual attraction to something that isn't.....hnn (another spurt, my shorts have a wet patch that reaches the back of my ass and front of my thighs), an attraction to something not usually sexual'....I wait for her to respond. She doesn't. She waits. I wait.

'Well, that's one type of fetish. I was referring to the traditional African doll. BEEP! You get a penalty!'

'n-no...'

'Ye- yes!' she mocks me, stepping closer. 'You get to chose your forfeit'

'Let m-me pee...'

'Okay. You can pee' She says. I go to take down my shorts. She grabs my hands. 'I said you can pee. I didn't say where, or when, or that you could do anything else'. She grins at me. Tears have formed in my eyes by now, purely from the relief I've got from spurts. Speaking of spurts, I spurt heavily into my shorts. It splatters on the floor loudly.

'Don't pee yet, Miss Rose' She tells me. 'You don't want to get your shoes wet!'. I look at her. She nods. 'Take 'em off!' she tells me. I go for the waistband again.

'No no no! The shoes!'

'S-s-s-sarah...... (*fshh*)'

She holds my hands, which are soaked in my still warm pee. 'Take 'em off.'

I bend over and squirt hard, moaning as I do.

'Come on now, hold it!' she tells me. I'm trying!

I pull at the laces, dripping slightly. I pull of the first shoe. Sarah takes the shoe and pours a little bit off pee out of it. I grab the second shoe and pull on the laces. I pull the shoe off and stand up, emptying this shoe myself, and chucking it onto the other. I stand bent at the knee, hands on my thighs to keep me up.

'Wouldn't want to get those socks wet either would you?' She asks. I nod. I go to take one off - it's already soaked around the top, down to the little grey band that goes around, just below the top.

'Here, I'll help' says Sarah, pulling the other down. I lift my foot up and she peels it off - this sock is soaked to the soles. I then take off the other. She puts the socks in my shoes.

'Before you can pee' she says, interrupted by me going 'Haaa!' as I spurt hard. 'Before you can pee' she continues. I need to figure out your forfeit. I stand with my legs clamped together, one foot on top of the other, bobbing up and down. Pee is dripping from my thighs and hitting the dirt. At this point I should just give up and wet myself, but I've been trying so hard to hold it that I have to hold on until Sarah lets me go!

She picks up my shoes and socks. 'Here's your forfeit' she starts. 'No shoes or socks until we get to camp! Maybe next time you'll get my answers right! Anyway, next question. If you get this one wrong, you'll have to take off your shorts and underwear too!'

'B-but Sarah, (spurt), I can't! The p-police are here, I'll get arrested!'

'Don't get it wrong then. If you get it right, you can pee!'

'Okay, ask the.....ask the-......hmmm (Another squirt that runs down my legs), ask the question'

'Firstly, stand properly. Feet apart, hands by your side!'

Oh god. I plant my bare feet at shoulder width. Immediately I lose some control and begin to dribble through my shorts. Sarah grins. I let my hands fall limp and I grip my teeth. I'm digging my toes into the dirt and slapping the sides of my thighs as I can't stop the tiny stream running down my legs. It begins to pool at my foot before Sarah continues.

'Remember, Cat, wrong answer means no shorts or underwear. Right answer means you can wee! Here goes - What animal am I thinking of?'

What.

'S-s-sarah!'

'Just guess!'

I'll be walking home naked, I just know it. Right now though, letting out another spurt, I could really do with being naked. That way I'll stop wetting myself at least.

'Err, a sheep?' I say.

'Nope, wrong answer!' she says. Who'd of guessed. 'I was actually thinking of a sausage dog!' I start pulling at my shorts. 'Hold on'. She says. 'I think you were close enough. you can pee'

'Oh, thank you!' I say. I waste no time taking her up on her offer. I fall to my knees, ass resting on my heels, and begin to pee. The stream thrusts into my panties, hissing and foaming as it does, then it flows down my thighs, down to my knees and pooling on the floor. What doesn't stream down my legs pours out my shorts and onto my bare soles, trickling down between my toes before too pooling around them. All the while I moan loudly, too busy wetting myself to care. The air is filled with the sound of pee hissing into fabric and onto dirt as I push down on my bladder and let it squirt out of me. My moan begins to change into gentle laughter as I giggle with relief. I can feel myself blushing a vibrant red as I feel a warm coat covering all of my thighs. The individual streaks that I'd had before have now become one massive stream, with small streams falling off the bottom of my thigh, going down my calves and hitting the floor. Sarah squats in front of me, hands on my shoulders.

'That feel better?' she asks me

'Oh-ho-ho, yes! It feels so goood!' I tell her. I feel amazing. I've needed this so badly! And now I have it! She looks into my eyes. I can barely bring my own eyes to focus, all my thoughts are on the jet that's going through my shorts and down my legs.

'You know Cat, I would of let you take of your shorts' she tells me. I don't care - I'm busy wetting them! I can feel them soaked all the way around the ass. They must look like they've been dipped in water. Hell, I must look like I've been dipped in water. Sarah puts one hand on my breast, making me aware of my now hard nipples, and the other on my chin.

'Thank you....' I say to her grinning as my stream begins to slow down. Even slowing now, it still hisses loudly as it is thrust though my shorts. Smaller streams of drips are coming of my ass all over - some landing on my feet, some landing on the floor. Sarah slides her hand from my chin to over my cheek. It must feel like an oven where I'm blushing so much. She leans in to my face, but doesn't kiss it yet.

'Still going? I can hear it hiss' she says, smiling. She's barely two inches from my face, and I can feel the heat from hers. I'm sure she can feel the heat from mine, I must be bright red and hot as anything. She takes her other hand from my breast and puts it on my thigh. She slides it up my thigh and under my short leg, which is soaked. Her fingers keep moving up until they find the fabric of my panties, and dig their way under using her nails as leverage. She stops when the leg of my shorts doesn't let her go any further. The hiss from my shorts falls silent, and she presses her thumb over and onto my crotch, through the shorts.

I can feel the change in the stream as her thumb blocks it off a little. It trickles down the bottom of her thumb, falling off and onto the floor when it reaches her palm. Sarah changes her position from a squat to a kneel, her knees and shins falling into my puddle. She doesn't seem to mind. It soaks right into her thin-fabric pants. She takes her hand from my shorts, and then the other from my face. She sits on her own heels, and my bladder squeezes out its last few drops. I'm grinning like a moron, and I can hardly open my eyes over half way. Sarah smiles back at me.

'Told you I'd make you wet yourself' she says, giggling. I can only nod and grin back.

'Y-you did....' I sigh. Gathering the energy to talk is hard - I lost all my energy when I lost my bladder control. I take a look around me. There's a puddle about two foot in radius around me. Sarah stands up, a few drips falling from her knees and shins where she kneeled in my puddle. She takes my wet hands in hers, and pulls me up. They nearly slip out, but she pulls me to my feet. The puddle is warm against my bare soles.

'I guess now you know one of my fetishes' she says to me, throwing her arms around my neck

'You bought along a little African doll?' I say, smirking, still feeling happy and silly. She smirks back

'No, sausage, I mean - You know what I mean!' She giggles.

She pulls her head to mine, forehead to forehead, nose to nose. She looks into my eyes, and I into hers. Her green eyes catch the light beautifully, her eyes look like mossy green jewels. Her dilated pupils tell all, as I'm sure mine do. I can see a smirk on her face, even this close. I only see the smirk for a moment though, as it soon becomes a kiss, and I close my eyes. I kiss her back, letting her soft lips run over mine. Her cheeks are as hot as before, I feel her eyes flicker over mine.

I take my arms and throw them round her back, pulling her body to mine. I can feel her pert breasts press against mine. Her firm nipples press into my breasts - she isn't wearing a bra, risky move in a tank top. She presses my head into hers, using her hands, and I feel her tongue press through her mouth and into mine, wrapping around my own tongue. I return the favour, pressing mine into hers. I feel her face warm up as our tongues press against each other. She pulls back for a second to breath, giving me an opportunity to do so too. A thin line of dribble falls from our mouths and onto our chins, before we press back into each other.

I rub my hands up and down Sarah's back, feeling every inch of her. Her body is warm and smooth, apparent even under the thin cloth of her tank top. She runs one hand through my hair, and the other down my back. I try not to grin, and I feel her do the same, her teeth gently pressing onto my tongue as she does. We pull our tongues out, and then our heads, but not before she bites gently on my upper lip. I hold her by the waist, gazing into her eyes. She gazes back into mine. She's blushing still, and her lips are damp. She smiles at me. I smile back. She runs her hands down to my waist, pressing it into hers. Our thighs are pressed together too, and our knees. Her pants must be soaked. She doesn't seem to be bothered though. Nor am I. She runs her hands back up my back, bringing my shirt with them, and clutching my chest to hers. Grinning and looking into my eyes. Then I feel a click as she unhooks my bra! She grins cheekily as she does, while I blush again.

'No! Not out here' I whisper. She lets go, running her hands down my sides, letting go when she reaches my waist. I let my hands fall from her back, but not before squeezing her backside gently on the way down. I bring my hands around and try to re-hook my bra. Before I can however, she clasps my cheeks again and plants another kiss on me! Only a quick one this time, before she falls back and giggles. She lets her hands run down to my breasts, which she squeezes once, before her hands drop. I manage to hook my bra back on and let my own arms fall down. I take her hands in mine.

'We'd better be heading back then' Sarah says to me.

'I think you might be right' I say to her. We kiss once more, Sarah takes my shoes in hand, and we start heading back

'Hold on miss!'

I look at Sarah. She looks at me. Uh oh.

We turn to the incline. At the top is one of the students - not Jamie this time. It's Vinny. He's lying over the top of the mound on his chest. He hops to his feet and jogs down, avoiding the puddle I've left behind.

'You know I said I didn't like hiking? I think I've changed my mind...'

I look to Sarah. She looks to me. We could lose our jobs.

'What a show!' He exclaims, not trying to hide his erection. 'Don't worries miss' He says to the two of us. 'I won't tell any one - I just want one thing'

I don't want to hear what's coming next.

'Err, what?' asks Sarah.

'I'm going to be sent home for not going on the bus with the others, I know it. Headmaster told us we would, because it was a safety risk. But I was in the toilet when they left. So here's my plan. You let me off, I don't tell anyone. Deal?'

'Deal' We both say. I breathe a sigh of relief. That could have gone much worse.

'That all?' asks Sarah, as if she wants to do something stupid.

'Quick flash and a feel?' asks Vinny, the cheeky git

'No!' I say, feeling embarrassed, but Sarah doesn't. Instead she pulls her shirt over her head for a second, before holding it at shoulder height.. Vinny blushes hard.

'You don't tell a soul, okay Vin?' She says, holding her shirt aloft. He grabs onto her left breast and squeezes. She blushes. I feel a pang of jealousy. Vinny takes his hand off, and Sarah drops her shirt.

I look at Sarah, she looks at me again. Vinny sort of looks at the two of us, shocked with how well it's all gone for him.

'You have no idea how jealous Jamie would be if he knew about this!' Vinny laughs.

'You tell anyone...'starts Sarah, bright red.

'Don't worry miss - not a soul!'. The three of us start heading back to camp.

And it's not even half way through the day!
