Daniel and Amy - Page 7

*150*2016-04-19 14:09

Chapter 60:

They relaxed in silence. Both of them sat back, quietly contemplating their bladders. Neither had a lot of time or control when nature called, and they were silently eyeing each other off, trying to determine if the other was feeling the twinge or not.

Amy broke the silence. "So dan, what sort of undies are you wearing? I told you mine. The pink cotton ones with teddy bears. They don't hold much in if I leak. What about you?"

"Mum gets me these cotton ones with like extra panels on the front. Kinda like old men's tighty whities, but they're coloured instead. They help it if I leak only a drop or two. If I do more than leak they're not much good."

Sitting in the middle of the table was the denim bag Amy had taken to the hospital with her yesterday. In truth, it was mainly a diaper bag, used to carry Amy's spare diapers, wet wipes, hand wash disinfectant, and a spare change of clothes. At the moment, it held two towels, two swim diapers, Amy's pink shorts, a blue pacifier, and a half empty packet of cigarettes with a lighter.

She emptied all but the swim diapers out, handing him a towel. Without saying a word, she popped Dans pacifier into her mouth and stood up.

Dan stiffened with shock. From what he knew, Amy was about to wet her pants. Instead of her thumb, she'd chosen his dummy instead, like she had last night. He sat forward, but still kept his legs crossed, feeling more excited than ever. This was the moment he'd been waiting for.

Amy smiled, without taking the dummy out. She opened her legs slightly, maintaining eye contact with him the whole time. She leaned forward, then picked up her pink shorts with the matching wet stains on the legs, then walked to the nearby clothesline where she pegged them upside down, giving the wet area maximum sunlight with which to dry. After returning to her seat, she took out the pacifier and remarked "Those things really are great, aren't they Danny? I do believe I'm gonna have to get one myself!"

She placed it back in the bag, and smiled innocently at him. "So, how are you doing, Danny boy? Need to pee yet? Want another top up?"

After which she refilled his glass.

"God Amy. I thought you were, I'm mean was going to, um, like you'd given up or..... "

She laughed, but was careful not to laugh too hard. "Did you think you'd win that easy? No chance mate! I can barely feel it!" With that statement she drained her own glass and refilled it. This was strategy on her behalf. By draining the small amount theatrically and refilling her glass, she hoped to distract him and make him think that she was serious. But if she got the chance, she would try and tip it out slowly and not drink it.

She motioned to his full glass with her empty one, and he picked it up and took three big gulps, not realising he had just drunk perhaps three times more than she had. "I'm fine Ames. No problem here. I just thought with the paci and all that you'd quit, that's all."

He suddenly found himself gently squeezing his crotch. It was only a quick squeeze, and he quickly dropped his hand away, but he knew what it meant. It meant he needed to pee, at least subconsciously. Sometimes his body reacted to his need before he was aware that he had one. He often found himself distracted, and the next thing he knew he'd crossed his legs or held himself before he'd even been aware that he'd needed to go.

That was a bad sign. It meant an urgent need that he would feel wasn't far away. He was on his way now.

Quick as his light grab had been, it hadn't been too quick for Amy to notice. She smiled to herself. She'd told the truth earlier, she had managed to hold a bit back when she'd gone to the toilet before. Admittedly it hadn't been much, but it didn't take much for her to fill up at the best of times. She had been regretting doing so, but now knew Dan was in front of her in the urgency stakes. So long as she was careful, she could win this. Her plan might just work.

"So Dan. About the smoking. I've got em there if you want to try em. But please Dan, don't do it just because you said you would. It's okay if you don't want to. You don't like to have to like impress me or anything. I don't care if you've changed your mind or something. It's cool."

"I want to try it Amy. I'm a bit pissed at myself for wanting to, but I do. I always said I'd never smoke, but I really, really want to try it now!"

He squeezed himself again, but didn't even notice he'd done so. Amy noticed though, and she took another exaggerated small swallow and gestured for him to follow suit. Again he drank deep, almost draining his glass. Amy held onto hers, below the table, to prevent Dan from seeing it was still nearly full. There was a pot plant near her chair, and she was subtly eyeing it off as a place to pour out most of her glass.

"These are the really mild ones Dan," she said as she held up the cigarettes. "They're a bit easier on the throat when you're not used to it, and you might not cough. It so,not as much anyway."

She suddenly put her full glass down on the chair beside her, out of Dans eyeline. She plunged both hands into her lap and bent forward, sucking in a deep breath between clenched teeth. "Oh Danny. Danny. Oh.......No. I'm alright," she said shakily as she remained hunched over. "Oh boy! That was close! I thought I'd lost then!"

In reality, she still wasn't desperate, and her need hadn't increased more than marginally. But now Dan thought she was close to peeing, he may become more complacent. Plus he'd hopefully forgotten her drink glass, which was now hidden safely out of sight.

She continued, "Dan, can you do me a favour and see if there's an ashtray or old can on the barbecue over there?"

Excited and keen to help, Dan jumped up straight away and walked away from the table towards the barbecue. As soon as he had taken a couple of steps, Amy emptied over three quarters of her glass into the pot plant, placing the now near empty glass back in front of her on the table. Dan had just picked up something from the barbecue. A tin can with no lid, an ashtray. He waved it proudly as he walked back to the table, absent mindedly pulling at the front of his shorts for a second with his free hand.

"Good-o Daniel! We're set! Let's have another drink, then we'll have a smoke. She swallowed the last drops in hers, then refilled it, waiting expectantly for him to finish his, which he did. He got topped up and took another big sip.

Amy stood up, and jiggled on the spot for a moment, putting one socked foot on top of the other, and wincing a bit. "We better hurry Dan. I'm really feeling it now! Be honest, how are you going?"

Dan kept standing now Amy had stood up, but he seemed to be having trouble standing still. He kept shifting his weight from one bare foot to the other, while he fiddled with the hem on his shorts. He didn't hold his crotch, but he kept gently tugging at the outer leg of his shorts as he bobbed around. She noticed his knees were also kept close together.

"Me too Ames. The huge amount we're drinking, it's no wonder. I can't believe you're not more desperate. We've been drinking the same!"

"Don't worry Dan. I'm just as desperate as you are. Drink up, and we'll do it."

They both drank, but again she held back. She placed her hardly touched drink down, grabbed her smokes, said "C'mon!" and walked past him. They didn't go far, but stopped only about 10 meters away, at the side gate of the house.

Pretending she was bursting, she crossed her legs and bent over, whimpering a bit as she did. She didn't want to overplay it, she just wanted him to believe she was nearly spent, and make him think he wouldn't have long to wait. He was more likely to slip up if he was confident that an easy victory would be his.

"Hang on. Forgot our drinks. I'll get them," and she walked back past him holding herself between the legs of her little shorts, looking as desperate as could be. Once there, she again emptied most of her drink, grabbed Dans glass, and a fresh bottle of drink, Coke this time, and headed back. She handed him his drink, finished hers, and opened the Coke.

"Jesus Ames. Where are you putting it? I don't think I can drink anymore. I'm absolutely full. And busting as well," he admitted.

"What? Can't keep up with an incontinent girl huh?" She filled her glass with Coke, and stared challengingly at him.

He sighed and drained his glass again, and accepting a Coke refill.

Dan was now openly holding himself with his hand. He knew it was obvious, he knew he looked like a little boy who didn't know where the potty is, but he didn't care. That wasn't entirely true. He did care, but he couldn't help it. The pressure he was putting on his penis was helping him to not wet himself. Amy was still dry, despite drinking the same huge amount that he had. She would wet first. She was obviously busting.

Despite her best efforts to not drink to much, Amy found herself needing to pee again. It had only just hit her, but now it was here, the end was nigh. If she stood any chance of winning, she had to act now.

She opened the cigarettes, took one herself, and offered one to Dan, who took one with a nervously shaking hand, and shifting from leg to leg.

Amy herself was nervous and excited as well. She'd only smoked a handful of times herself, and always alone. This was her first time of doing the highly illicit deed with someone else. She was starting to do the potty dance as well now. Her hand just seemed to find its own way into her crotch, without any help from her at all, thank you very much. She tried not to show either her excitement or urgency too much though.

"Right Dan. I like to stand here behind the gate for good reason. One, it's a totally safe place to hide. None of the neighbors can see this bit at all because of the house and the fences. Two, I can see over the gate and watch the road. If anyone pulls into the driveway I'll probably see them first. Three, I can tell mums car a mile off. I'll usually hear it coming down the road when I'm outside."

"We stand here and smoke, flick all the ash and butts into the can, and if anyone comes I'll stash the tin in the yard quickly. We will have a drink and some chips ASAP to rinse our mouths out. Got it?"

Dan just nodded, but had an excited look on his face.

"Don't try to draw the smoke in straight away Dan. Just get some in your mouth and blow it out a few times to get used to it. You'll choke if you try a drawback straight off. Alright! Here goes!"

She lit both cigarettes, hers first. "Like this Danny!" She took a small mouthful, didn't inhale, then blew it out. Dan watched, then tentatively copied her, not inhaling the smoke, just tasting it. He was surprised to find he liked the taste. Others had told him it was terrible, but he thought he could put up with it.

After a few light puffs along those lines, Amy continued the lesson.

"Now, to actually smoke properly, you need to do the drawback. This is when it can make you cough. Take a little puff, just a little one, then gently breathe in, and draw it back. Like this...."

She performed the dangerous art without coughing. Which she was glad about. If she had of coughed, she would've wet her pants for sure. She wondered if boys, Dan in particular, ever peed themselves when they coughed. She decided to ask him later.

Dan tried the drawback. He took the smoke in, held it, and exhaled without coughing. He grinned at Amy, and did it again, almost gloating with pleasure.

It was now time to put her plan into action.

She waited for him to start his next inhale, then glanced over the gate before swivelling around with a look of pure terror on her face. She grabbed his arm in a panic, and hissed at him urgently.

"Danny! Your uncle Steve and your mum are here. Steves parked on the street! They're back early!"

Dan was just in the act of inhaling when she grabbed him. He didn't choke, but he sputtered for a second. What she had said didn't make sense. They couldn't be here yet. They weren't due for hours! He looked at Amy, looked at the half smoked cigarettes burning away in their hands, and he panicked.

"Amy" he hissed. "They can't be! Not this early!"

"Dan! They must've left early! We're screwed!"

Dan felt a sudden familiar warmth spreading across his crotch.

&&

*152*2016-04-19 23:48

Chapter 61:

Dan froze, feeling the warmth spreading around his genitals. He panicked, forgetting about the ash tray and just threw his smoke away quickly instead. He grabbed himself with his right hand, and felt the wet fabric on the front of his shorts. He crossed his legs and attempted to bend over in an effort to stop the flow, but it was too late. He was peeing into his hand. It only took seconds for his shorts to start leaking, and he felt hot urine literally start flowing through his fingers and start running down his legs.

Amy stood transfixed at the sight. Dan was hunched over, a waterfall flowing through his fingers, a river running down both legs, and a lake forming between his feet. He had been looking down at the resulting flood with an expression of absolute horror on his face, and now he raised his head and made eye contact with her, his mouth slightly open in shock.

"Danny! Did you wet your pants? You did! Look at you!"

"For Christs sake Amy! Don't just stand there," he hissed, go and hide the stuff. I've gotta jump in the pool!"

Still holding himself, he started to run past her, leaving a big wet trail of drips behind him, and a path of wet footprints as well, pee still dripping from his clenched hand. But Amy grabbed his arm tightly, stopping his progress.

"Danny! What's the rush mate? We've got all day to swim. Just relax."

"Please Ames. Mums going to freak if she knows we're smoking!"

Amy tried not too laugh, but couldn't help it. "Oh Danny! It's probably a good thing that she's not here then, isn't it?" A fit of giggling escaped her.

Dan didn't understand. He had only two things on his mind, hiding the evidence of their smoking experiment, and the feeling of saturated cloth under his hand, which was still dripping down his bare legs. Funnily enough the fact that he'd just wet his pants wasn't his top priority for a change.

But suddenly, what she had just said, clicked with him. He stopped trying to get away, and looked at her with a dawning realisation. She had tricked him.

Amy lost it altogether. "Gotcha Catholic boy! I win! You wet yourself before I did!"

The look of sudden comprehension growing on his face was priceless. He was now becoming aware that he had been tricked, and was now standing in front of her holding his wet pants like a little boy would. It was too much for her. The laughter erupted from deep inside her, and she couldn't seem to make it stop. The look of helplessness that Dan had on his face was priceless, and she started giggling uncontrollably.

It didn't take long for her too feel the same growing warmth in her shorts like he had. She couldn't stop giggling, and a pee trail snaked it's way down her leg.

"I won Danny! But it's too late now, I'm gonna wet myself!"

She spread her legs wide, but didn't hold herself like he had. She did put her left thumb in her mouth, and kept eye contact with him as she gave it only a quick suck before she lost all control.

Dan was watching her. He hadn't even had time to really process the fact that she'd tricked him. He was super aware of the feeling of wet fabric under his hand, and the wetness on his legs and feet, but before he could speak, she had started sucking her thumb with her legs spread wide while standing only a few feet away, and announced she was wetting herself.

He saw that first pee trail escape, then suddenly a huge dark rose blossomed on the pale blue fabric between her legs. She straightened up, not even concerned with the fact that she had pee running down both her legs and quickly soaking her lacy white socks. She spread her feet just enough to keep them from the quickly forming puddle, but gave no indication of trying to stem the flood.

As Dan watched in awe, he saw the dark blue rose getting bigger, and making its way up the front of her shorts, making it look like a boy had wet himself while wearing them, a big wet patch covering the front as well as between her legs.

He still had his hand on his own wet patch, and felt his boyhood again straining against the tight wet fabric of his pants. He left his hand there, unconsciously giving himself a squeeze as he watched, completely entranced.

"Gottastop gottastop gottastop," she murmured, " ahhh, there...." She breathed a sigh of relief. "I've stopped, and I've still got some left! How about you?"

Finally getting a handle on the situation, he ignored her question.

"You tricked me? Mums not here? I believed you! That scared the shit out of me!"

She laughed again. "Well not exactly shit Dan, but I sure scared something out of you" she gestured to his wet pants "didn't I?"

Dan had to smile. Even though he'd lost, he had to admire her efforts in tricking him.

"You bitch! That was a low act Ames! Not really very fair you know? You just took advantage of me I think!"

"All's fair in war or pee holding competitions Catholic boy! I got you a beauty didn't I? Told ya I would. Now we're square from your little kitchen prank!"

"Yeah. Fair enough I guess. You got me. I don't ever remember being that scared before. I really thought we'd been sprung. I totally believed you! All I could think about was hiding the smoke I was holding, and as soon as I'd stopped focusing on my bladder, it just let go. I didn't even realise I was weeing in my pants at first, but by the time I did realise, it was too late."

"So, answer my question Dan. DO you have any left, or are you empty now?"

"I'm not empty Ames. I lost most of it, but I stopped peeing before I'd completely emptied. Why?"

"Cause as I said before Dan. We're gonna do it again. We'll just hang around for a while and let our pants dry, but we'll keep drinking," she checked her phone, "it's only 12:30. We've got a couple of hours of playtime left yet. I want to watch you wet yourself at least once more before we put our swim diapers on! Do you agree?"

Dan couldn't remember a time when he'd ever felt more agreeable.

*154*2016-04-21 13:51

Chapter 62:

They walked back to the table, and Amy said "Drag the chairs out into the sun. We'll dry off quicker. I know that these shorts dry really fast, and I guess those shorts of yours do too, or don't they?"

Dan was surprised with himself, but he actually felt extremely minimal embarrassment. He'd just wet his pants in front of a gorgeous girl, and not just any gorgeous girl, but his girlfriend. But if he was asked to describe his feelings, he would have admitted to a little embarrassment, but not much, no actual shame whatsoever, but a sort of guilty pleasure. Guilty not because he had wet himself, but because he was turned on by Amy wetting herself. He'd been waiting for it all day, and when it had happened, he'd really liked it. He also felt a bit strange because he was now standing around in wet pants, as was his girlfriend, and he wasn't uncomfortable about it.

She was right. It did feel liberating.

"Yeah Ames, they do dry pretty fast. That's why I like wearing them for swimming. Their like a nylon type of thing, they dry quicker than my boardies."

They sat in the sun, and he found himself haltingly telling her what he'd been thinking. He had trouble finding the exact words, but she immediate understood exactly what he meant. She felt the same. They knew it was wrong, and wetting your pants in front of other people normally wasn't a nice thing, and it made you feel bad afterwards, but not this time. It was like she had predicted, it did feel good to have a real accident and not care about it. To just laugh it off as inconsequential. It didn't matter if their shorts were wet, they would both ignore it, and enjoy it. Subconsciously they had realised that they both liked the look of each other in their wet pants, so neither of them felt it necessary to suggest a swim or change of clothes. In fact, they were both silently happy to keep each other looking wet for as long as possible. If that meant staying wet yourself, then so be it.

Amy topped up their glasses again. "Well, we certainly know how to make a mess, don't we?"

Dan followed her gaze. Just inside the gate was a puddle on the cement, right where he'd been standing when he'd started wetting himself. Leading from that puddle, was a set of boy sized wet footprints, complete with a trail of drops, leading to a much smaller puddle. This small puddle, was right beside another large puddle, with girl sized footprints leading towards Amy's chair.

He had to agree with her on that, and they continued drinking, already preparing for the next round.

They sat back without talking for a moment, both of them keeping their legs spread to maximise the drying powers of the sun, but just enjoying the music that was playing from Amy's iPod dock, as well as the icy cold Coke. Amy used the hand sanitizer, and passed it to Dan for him to use.

"You know Ames, I don't know why, but I love the look when you wear socks. I can't explain it, but there's something really cute about you in socks."

She smiled. "I had a feeling you liked it Dan. That's why I'm wearing them now."

A look passed between them. Dan knew now that Amy had picked up on his weird attraction, and had accomodated it. He knew then that she must really like him after all!

Amy was thinking "Dan is comfortable enough now to tell me he likes things about me! He must really like me after all!"

After some silence, Dan asked "Amy, have you ever seen any big kids like us wet their pants? I haven't. When we talked about it before, we only talked about times when we were little. I guess that's what shocked me so much about Scott. Until yesterday I hadn't ever heard of another teenager wetting their bed, even though I knew it happened of course, but I'd never personally knew of any other kid who did. And I sure haven't ever seen or heard of any other big kids wetting themselves during the day! That's why my accident at the beach was such a big deal. It was so unusual I guess.

"Not often Danny. But I have seen it."

Dan looked intrigued.

"In my first week at my new school this year, I saw another year 7 girl have an accident. I needed to go during class, so of course the teacher let me. I was hurrying to the loo, but we were in the science lab, and it's not part of the main building, so I had to follow the path around the side. I was about to turn the corner, when I saw another year 7 girl named Nikki standing on the grass beside the path, in a quiet area. I saw her standing with her back to me, and suddenly start peeing flat out on the ground. She stood up straight, but sort of held her dress up and peed through her panties. I stopped and watched, and she never saw me. She just walked on into the toilet block. When I walked in, she was washing her hands at the sink. We both said hello, then she left."

Amy paused. "After I peed, I checked the rubbish bins, but didn't find any wet knickers. She either wasn't wearing any, or she left them on afterwards. Every time I see her, I want too tell her about how I saw her wet herself, and ask her if it was an accident or not. But I can't do that of course."

"Apart from that, no, I haven't seen any other teenagers wet their pants," she grinned at him, "until today!"

Dan grinned at that, but didn't speak. He picked up his phone and checked it, finding a Facebook message from his friends, demanding a photo update of what Amy and him were doing. He smiled, and turned to Amy to tell her. But what he saw, stopped him cold.

Amy was looking at him, pacifier in her mouth, her previously drying shorts now soaked again, and big droplets falling from her chair into a big puddle underneath it.

"Oops! I had an accident," she said, as she smiled around the dummy in between her lips.

*156*2016-04-22 02:49

Chapter 63:

Amy remained seated. A small but steady trickle feeding the pool under her chair. Her legs were still wide open, and Dan could see the stream making its way through her pants before pooling briefly on the plastic chair then finding its way through the holes and running down. She had her feet pointed down as she sat, and the toes of her little white socks were in the puddle, but she made no effort to move them away. Again he felt his boyhood stiffen, and even gently spasm a little bit. For just a second he thought he had reached a climax in his pants, but then decided that while he was close to doing so, he hadn't done so yet. But he was transfixed by the sight.

"That wasn't an accident! You did that on purpose!"

She smiled broadly and removed the pacifier. "Yeah. You're right Dan. I did!" She let that statement sink in before she continued. "I was kinda wondering how much I had left, so I let go for just a second or so to see what would happen. But I must've been holding more than I thought. It just started squirting out, so I decided to just let it happen. I always like wetting myself in my nappy when I'm sitting down, but as you found out last night, it can be dangerous because of leaks. But the feeling of warmth spreading through the back of my nappy and around my butt always feels so nice. So I thought I'd try it sitting down in just my pants instead! And it does feel nice!"

Dan asked "What do you normally do when you go in your swimsuit or shorts? Do you stand or sit?"

"I normally always stand. If I do it on purpose and it's not accidental that is. I usually go to the other side of the pool and either stand or squat on the grass, where mummy can't see me. If I'm sitting down and start having a real accident, I always jump up real quick so I don't make a mess like this!"

With that statement she splashed her socks in the puddle.

"But it felt sooo good to just sit in a chair and wet myself on purpose! You've gotta try it Dan! Go on! Pee in your pants sitting down, I dare ya!"

Dan looked at her sheepishly. He didn't quite know what to say, or how exactly to explain it. "Yeah. I will Ames. It, uh, does look like fun, but, um, I kinda can't at the moment....."

Amy didn't understand that he meant that he couldn't because of the state his boyhood was now in. She thought he meant he just didn't need to go enough yet, and he was immensely relieved at her innocent misunderstanding.

"Ok Dan, just keep drinking. It'll build up again soon enough. When it does, I want to watch you pee your pants in the chair, just like I did!"

Relieved to have gotten off the hook without having to explain to Amy about the difficulties that guys encountered when they needed to pee but were stiff, he just happily agreed. He would of felt super awkward trying to explain that the only reason he couldn't do it was because he had a raging hard on pushing at his wet pants. The sight of Amy wetting herself and now sitting there in front of him in wet shorts with her socks in a puddle and the dummy once again in her mouth was almost to much for him. He felt like even the slightest movement would make him cum.

Amy was buzzing with excitement. "I know what we'll do Dan! We're gonna play a game! We said we would play like little kids, so we will. We're gonna play schools! I'm the teacher, you're the naughty boy in detention, and you need my permission to go to the loo. You're not allowed to leave your chair without my permission. Got it?"

He had to smile at the idea. Playing schools was such a childish thing to do, but on the other hand, so was wetting your pants. The two things did seem to go well together.

"So Danny, do you need to go at all yet?"

"Yeah Ames, I kinda do. Like I told you, I didn't fully empty when I had my accident, and the enormous amount we've been drinking all morning is just constantly filling my bladder up all the time," he paused and took a long, deep drink of Coke, "plus my holding muscles feel sorta tired now from our holding competition. I'm starting to feel myself filling up a bit already, and I know from experience that I won't be able to hold on as long next time." He drained his glass, and motioned for her to do the same.

As he'd been talking, his boyhood was starting to return to a more flaccid state. He was able to now take away the hands from his lap that he'd been trying to cover himself with.

Amy had been aware of his excited state of course. His tight little shorts didn't hide it very well. But she didn't know that guys couldn't pee as easily when they were like that. She checked out his shorts again.

"I can't believe how dry your pants are already Dan. I can only just see the wet patch now. You'll be like totally dry in another 10 minutes."

She poured them both another drink. Now that she had increased her fluid intake again, she knew that it probably wouldn't be long before she could go again herself. That gave her another idea.

"Danny, I want to see you pee in your pants again before you get changed into a swim diaper, but I might put my pink shorts back on. They look dry now. But I don't wanna go in the house dripping and wearing wet socks. I'm gonna go stand by the gate and get changed, then I can hang these shorts out to dry for later, ok?

Without waiting for a reply, she jumped up and went to the clothesline. Dan was treated to the sight of her wet bum. It looked like Amy had been sitting in a puddle, and as she walked, a couple of pee drops fell from her backside and ran down the backs of her legs, but if she felt them, she didn't acknowledge them. She took her towel and her pink shorts, and disappeared around the corner of the house, her socks leaving a trail of wet footprints as she walked.

Dan took the opportunity to stand up and put his hand down his shorts to adjust himself. His blue shorts were getting quite dry by now, but his underpants still felt very wet. He glanced over his shoulder, making sure he was still alone, then pulled his pants down at the front for a quick check. His bright red underpants were obviously saturated. He grabbed his towel and quickly wiped himself, trying to soak up as much excess pee as he could. Even the feeling of wiping himself was enough to wake up his resting member again. He quickly stopped wiping, and adjusted himself into a more comfortable position, before quickly sitting back down again, feeling at least a bit drier and now more comfortable.

Amy appeared moments later, now wearing her pink shorts again. They appeared to be completely dry now, and didn't even show any stains. She paused in front of him, and held up a pair of sodden pink panties. "These are my favourite knickers that I told you about Dan! Aren't they cute?"

He swallowed at the sight. They were bright pink, had a big brown teddy bear motif on the front, and lots of miniature ones all over them. They were showing a much darker shade of pink from nearly the elastic waistband at the front, all the way under the crotch to halfway up the buttocks area. Not trusting himself to speak, he nodded his agreement that yes, they were indeed very cute.

Amy hung them on the line using 2 pegs to stretch them out, and did the same with her pissy blue shorts as well.

She wiped her chair down with her towel, and sat back down again, not seeming to care about her socks plopping into the puddle that was still under her seat.

Dan had to ask. "So, um, what knickers are you wearing now?"

"Why Danny, I'm not wearing any at all actually! It feels really nice!"

The look of shock on his face was priceless. She drank deeply, and put on a firm, authoritive voice.

"Alright Master Daniel! Welcome to detention! Do you want to tell me why you've been sent here today?"

Dan smiled. So it was going to be game on already then. That was fine by him. He lowered his head guiltily, and refused to meet her eyes.

"I don't know Miss" he muttered.

"Well I know Daniel! Your teacher tells me that you were caught smoking in the playground! That is a very serious matter. You won't be leaving that chair until you tell me the truth! So Daniel, were you smoking or not?"

Trying his hardest to be serious and sullen, and not spoil the mood that she was trying so hard to build, he murmured softly, "No Miss. The other boys were smoking. I was just like standing with them kinda."

"Don't lie to me boy. Your teacher said that she saw you. I'll ask you again. Were you smoking?"

"No Miss, I wasn't."

Amy sighed in apparent exasperation. "Fine. Have it your way then. You can just sit there all day until you tell me the truth. You won't eat lunch, but you may continue drinking if you're thirsty. I don't care if you sit there all day!"

"Yes Miss" came Dans meek reply. He filled his glass up again and drained half of it.

Both kids picked up there respective phones and lapsed into silence for a few minutes. Dan felt the mildest of twinges in his bladder, and as an experiment, opened his legs a bit wider, and gently relaxed his bladder muscles. Within 5 seconds of doing so, he felt something shift inside him, and then felt his built up pee almost escape before he was able to clamp down again.

He quickly crossed his ankles and gave himself a squeeze with his hand. The front of his shorts still felt wet, but when he looked they appeared to be nearly dry, with just the faintest outline of a wet patch remaining. His fingers felt moisture though, and when he took his hand away, he could see two slightly darker spots where his hand had been. He'd apparently squeezed some more pee from his underwear onto his shorts.

Trying to get his pants as dry as possible before he wet them again, he dropped his hands away to let the warm sunlight work its magic some more. But the problem was, now he'd relaxed his bladder and almost leaked, his urge too pee had now skyrocketed alarmingly. It felt like he was now suddenly bursting again already, and the pee was sitting at the tip of his privates, just waiting for the chance to escape.

"Uh, Miss? Excuse me Miss? But could I be excused please. I really need to go to the bathroom."

"That's entirely up to you Daniel. All you need to do is admit the truth about what you were doing wrong. I'll ask you again. Were you smoking?"

"No Miss. I wasn't. But I really need to go. Can I please?"

Amy sighed angrily. "No Dan. You cannot. If you need to be excused, you need to tell me the truth first. If you're not going to do that, you can just stay in that chair until you're ready too!"

Dan grabbed himself exaggeratedly. He left his legs open, grabbed his genital area with both hands, and sat forward in his chair.

"Please Miss. It's an emergency! I need to do a wee really really badly! I think I'm gonna wet myself soon if I don't go!"

"Easy to fix Master Daniel. Were you smoking? Yes or no?"

Dan wasn't entirely play acting now. He really did need to go. Sitting with his legs wide open, combined with the feeling of his wet underwear, mixed in with the ridiculous amount that he'd been drinking, all added up to one very desperate boy.

"No Miss, I wasn't...."

"Have it your way. Sit there all day if you want to. I'll call your mum instead."

"No Miss. Please don't do that! I wasn't smoking! But I need to go potty though!"

It was strange in a way, but even though they were just playing a very silly, childish game, it seemed kind of real in a weird way. Once the mention of calling his mother was made, Dan felt a genuine jolt of panic, and he felt himself twitch beneath his hand. He had just reached the point of no return.

"Miss! Miss! I can't hold on Miss! I'm gonna wet my....."

His words tapered off into a small moan. He pulled his hands away again, and stared at his crotch in a state of not completely pretend horror.

Amy was sitting directly in front of him, and her eyes were riveted on his crotch as well. She could see the outline of his semi erect penis trapped by the tight blue fabric of his shorts.

As they watched in fascination, his penis twitched noticeably once, then a dark patch appeared at the top. It seemed to be no more than a slight trickle at first, but by the time the wet spot grew to a few inches across, the floodgates opened, and Dan sat there urinating flat out in his pants.

His shorts weren't very absorbent, and the pee flowed freely through the fabric and started running down his legs. A sound of splattering emerged from underneath his chair. He sat frozen on the spot, not able to move until his bladder had completely emptied itself.

He was so far into his "naughty little boy" role, that he actually felt tears welling up in his eyes.

In a very shaky voice, he looked at Amy with watery eyes.

"Miss. I think I just wet my pants...."

*158*2016-04-23 02:22

Chapter 64:

Dan was so far into his role, that just for a moment he felt mortified. He'd been play acting according to the script they'd discussed, but feelings of helplessness and humiliation washed over him, triggered by so many semi repressed memories of wetting himself accidentally over the years. He'd never been in a situation just like the one they had made up, but there had been numerous times in his much younger days when he'd found himself wetting his pants simply because he hadn't been able to find a toilet on time.

One such memory, long buried and forgotten reared up in his mind. Dan, about 7 years old, with his mum and dad, at a local schools fete. It wasn't the school he went to, but they had a carnival type thing going with rides, stalls selling food and novelties, and lots of activities. Dan remembered he had been wearing denim bib overalls, and had wanted a pony ride. His mum took him to the ponies, and they had lined up, drinking lemonade as they waited.

Dans turn had finally came, and he'd been lifted up on the pony any trotted around a few times. He'd been aware of a growing need to pee while waiting in the line, but hadn't said anything because he hadn't wanted to leave the line and lose his spot. After a few laps around the enclosure, his turn had ended, and he was lifted down.

He had exited the pony ring, but couldn't find his mother at first. He wasn't scared at all, just a bit lost. His need to pee was now quite large, but even though he'd seen the toilet block earlier, he wasn't sure exactly where it was now. Plus, he wasn't allowed to just wander off on his own anyway. He stood there in the crowd, looking around for his parents and starting to hold his crotch, his knees bending a bit.

His mother had seen him, but the kids apparently entered through a gate on one side, and exited from the other side of the pony arena. She hadn't realised this, and had stayed by the entrance gate. Little Daniel, happy and excited by his first pony ride, and now distracted by his full bladder, hadn't realised he had left by a different gate at first, but it suddenly dawned on him. He started to walk back to the other side, just as Sue had spotted him momentarily, and started walking as well. She lost sight of him briefly in the crowd, and walked in the opposite direction to which he was walking. The end result was they spent nearly 10 minutes walking around until she caught up to him.

By the time Sue got close enough to call out to him, Dan had been standing still, a worried look on his face as he scanned the crowd. His knees were pressed together, and his left hand was firmly clamped on his groin as he jiggled about nervously. She could tell right away that he was getting very close to having an accident in his overalls.

Sue had been worried about her son. He was still wetting the bed at seven, and still wet his pants occasionally. He'd even wet himself at school recently. He'd been very late to toilet train, and was still wearing nappies full time only a couple of years ago. Even now he still wore pull ups to bed, and she made sure that the only underpants he wore, were washable training pants. They were thick terry cloth with extra padding in the front. If he'd had a little accident they offered some protection, but weren't any good when he had a big one. It certainly looked like he was about to have a big one at any moment now.

At first she had thought that he was just a bit lazy, but after keeping a really close eye on him, she had realised that it wasn't laziness, but rather his need to pee just sort of came on suddenly, and if he was a bit distracted by anything, playing, reading or TV for example, he just didn't seem to notice it until it was too late. She'd seen him wet himself while running around in the yard, and he hadn't even seemed like he had needed to go until it happened.

Her husband wasn't as sure. He never belittled or chastised their son if he wet himself, but had confided in her that he thought the boy was just a bit lazy sometimes and wet himself on purpose instead of going to the toilet. Sue had disagreed, but they hadn't argued about it, but had discussed taking their little boy to a doctor and maybe having some tests done. They just hadn't done so yet.

But as she approached Dan, she could see the truth. He had gone to the toilet only an hour ago before leaving home, but by now he was super desperate again already, and obviously struggling to hold on. She did a quick mental calculation. The toilet block was a long way away, the car park was a lot closer. Her husband was waiting by the car having a cigarette as you weren't allowed to smoke in the school grounds, and she was going to join him after Dans pony ride.

Dan was remembering how he felt the panic setting in. That ominous feeling where something bad is going to happen but you just can't stop it. He shuddered in his chair as the memories returned.

He couldn't find his parents, and he now needed to wee as badly as he had ever had to in his life. He knew by now that he was probably going to pee his pants, and the thought of doing so in such a public place frightened him. He felt tears welling up in his eyes. He heard his name being called, and looked up to see his mummy running towards him. She caught up to him and bent down to his level, and asked him if he was okay.

"I need to do a wee mummy. A lot!"

"I thought you did sweetie. Do you think you can hold on until we get to the toilets?"

His big brown eyes had looked at her, tears stuck in the corners, and he just mumbled "Uh uh."

She had scooped him up in her arms, placed him on her hip, and pleaded with him to just hold on tightly for another minute. She walked briskly through the crowd to the car park, where her husbands big 4WD was parked. She had thought of letting Dan pee in the bushes behind the car, but it was backed up to close to step behind. She placed her son back on his feet, while her husband looked at her with a confused expression.

"Danny's about to wet himself. He won't make it to the toilet," she told him.

"Let him wee behind the car" was his dads reply.

"That's what I'm going to do, but I'll have to take his overalls off first. There's no zip on the stupid things!"

Dan felt warmth in his hand. He looked down and saw a wet spot the size of a tennis ball on the crotch of his light blue denim overalls.

"Mummmmy......" He had whimpered.

His mother had seen the wet patch appear, and quickly took him a few steps backwards to the garden bed. She made him sit on the concrete kerb surrounding it.

"It's okay mate. You can do a wee here."

"Can you help me mummy? I can't undo the buckles," he whispered.

"Too late for that now Danny. You're already a bit wet now, just go in your pants."

Dans father objected at first, but before he could argue it was too late indeed. Dan stretched his legs out straight as he sat there, and hot pee had flooded out of him. He had sat on the kerb, doing what felt like the biggest wee he'd ever had in his life.

Then, just like now, he had seen his pants growing darker, felt the hot liquid runny over his private parts and pool around his bottom, before finding its way through the fabric to pool on the ground beneath him. The concrete garden bed was about 2 feet high, and the angle of his legs allowed the wetness to run freely down the insides of both legs and into his socks and sneakers. The mixed feelings of both relief and shame. Where he had enjoyed wetting himself with Amy, back then he hadn't enjoyed it at all.

It seemed that the physical sensation of wetting himself in pants while sitting down, combined with his role playing of a kid that just couldn't help it, and no option but to wet himself, had opened up not only the memories, but the feelings he had when he had seen the look of disappointment on his fathers face, as he'd watched his 7 year old son wetting himself. Again.

Dan actually felt like crying as he remembered it.

After that, Sue had opened the door of the car to give some privacy. She had taken his shoes off, then his overalls. She felt his socks, and found they were wet as well, as was the bottom of his t-shirt. He had managed to successfully wet every article of clothing he was wearing. She removed his socks and t-shirt, leaving him in just a pair of soaked white terry cloth underpants that looked a lot like the cloth diapers they were based on. She used a towel to wipe his legs and underpants off with, then laid it on the seat for him to sit on.

"Do you want me to take off my wet undies mummy?" he'd asked.

"No sweetie. Better leave them on till we get home. I don't want riding naked in the car. Just fold the towel over your lap."

Dan had sat silently in the back seat on the drive home. His parents were talking about him as they drove. His dad never said anything bad or critical about him, but Dan could tell he was disappointed and thought that his son was lazy and sometimes wet himself on purpose. Dan knew he didn't, but didn't know how to make his mum and dad believe him.

The whole way home he didn't speak, just kept holding the front of his wet training pants underneath the cover of the towel.

"Hey Danny boy! Are you alright? You look kinda strange?"

Amy's voice bought him back to the present day. He realised he must've been sitting there for a few seconds, his hand on his wet shorts, as the memory flashback occurred. It must've only taken a few seconds for his brain to replay it, but Amy had noticed him temporarily zone out.

He wiped his eye, and haltingly told her about his flashback, and how bad he'd felt about upsetting his father. Halfway through his tale, he picked up his pacifier and gave it a few sucks, calming himself down a bit before finishing. Only last night he'd thought that his world had ended when it had flown into Amy's lap, now he used it in front of her, and was comfortable in doing so.

The humour left Amy's face immediately. "I'm sorry Danny. I wouldn't have made you do that if I'd known."

"It alright Ames. I'd honestly completely forgotten about it till now. It was like just sitting there helplessly peeing my pants in front of someone, then just sitting here with nothing else on but wet shorts, kinda made me remember the whole drive home. I didn't cry, but I felt so ashamed. There I was, 7 years old, wearing nothing more than wet training pants while sitting on a towel because I'd wet myself again, and my folks were worried about me. It wasn't a highlight of my childhood."

She smiled. "I know what you mean sweetie. Once when I was 9 I pooped in my Goodnight while me, mum and Ali were shopping. I was wearing a dress, and my pull up leaked. Mum had to leave the shopping and take me to the toilet. I got so upset I wet myself as well, and that leaked, and I had poop all down my legs."

"It took ages to clean me up, and even then I still had poo stains on my dress. We had to buy more pull ups at the chemist shop, then mum took me and Ali back to the car. I slipped a fresh pull up on, but mum made me take off my dress, and I had nothing on under it. My school jumper was in the car, so I sat in the back wearing nothing but a jumper and a pull up, while Ali sat in the front seat and told me how disgusting I was. She was normally nice about it if I had an accident, but she was embarrassed to be seen with me with a stained dress on in the chemist shop while our mum bought me pull ups."

She took another drink. "So I do know what you mean matey. But I didn't think my little game of schools would upset you. I'm sorry Daniel."

"Don't be sorry Ames. It surprised me as well. But we're gonna keep playing though. You were right you know. It is nice to wet and not care about it. It's such a big deal usually, and it's nice to just let it happen and not stress about it. What other ideas have you got?"

She smiled at him. "Oh I've got a couple of ideas babes, I've got a couple....."

*161*2016-04-24 07:39

Chapter 65:

"Don't know about you Ames, but I don't think I can drink any more Coke or tea. I'm absolutely bloated. I think if we keep drinking like this, I'm gonna have to switch to water."

"Yeah. I know what you mean Danny boy. I'm the same. I want us to keep drinking, but I've had enough soft drink as well. I really hope it doesn't upset my tummy later."

Dan was interested in this. "I thought you were lactose intolerant? Isn't that like dairy stuff that gives you problems?"

"Yeah, mostly. But really a lot of stuff makes my tummy icky. Greasy food, like the fish and chips last night can as well. That's why I very nearly had a close call last night. The greasy food doesn't hang around to long. Also, too much of anything processed can give me the runs. Like sausages. I love sausages, but won't eat more than a couple of them. I can eat a little bit of chocolate occasionally and be fine, but if I have too much......, well let's just say Easter time can be dodgy."

Dan felt sorry for her. It sounded horrible, and he told her so, but she laughed it off.

"It's not that bad Dan! I just have to be careful, that's all. I eat healthy most times. Lots of vegetables and fruits, whole grains and stuff. Fresh meat doesn't usually bother me, so I can eat stuff like steak. I can have low fat milk in a cup of tea, but I wouldn't dare have a bowl full on my cereal. That's why I use soy instead."

While Amy was explaining things to Dan, he had gotten up, and filled their glasses with water from a tap on the wall, added ice, and gave one to her. It was weird to be hanging out and walking around in a pair of wet, peed-in pants and not care about it, and he was enjoying it.

Amy continued. "Part of why my messy accident yesterday upset me so much, was because it happened after eating that special ice cream on my pancakes. As I told you, I absolutely love ice cream, but it's a real no-no. But I've had the ice cream at that cafe lots of times, and the most it's ever done was make me a bit gassy. But yesterday it made me poo my pants. I got upset cause I reckon mum won't let me get my ice cream fix there anymore. But after that, we had lots of Coke, greasy food for dinner, and the big glass of wine as well. Now we've drank another bottle of ice tea, and another big Coke, and I really have no idea if or how it will affect me. It might just keep making me pee, but it could give me the runs as well. I've never drank so much fizzy drink at once before, so I really have no idea."

"What was it like when you went to the loo this morning Ames? Was it, I don't know, runny or yucky?"

She smiled at his concern. Discussing the state and consistency of her bowel movements was usually something she did with her mother.

"Because of my tummy problems Dan, my poo is usually a bit runny. Even on a good day, it's never what you would call solid. That's why I have to be so careful usually. It can turn to just liquid real fast. Believe me, it can make farting an interesting gamble sometimes!"

Dan, like most boys, had a sense of humour that revolved heavily around gross and disgusting topics. He found her comment hilarious, and started laughing, feeling a bit self conscious at the way his voice was breaking as he laughed. He'd noticed it cracking a few times, and hoped it didn't mean he was about to go through a phase like some other boys in his class did, when their voices suddenly cracked while they talked, making them sound like Mickey Mouse.

Regaining control again, he asked, "Do you think it's wise to be sitting around like this without a nappy on then? I mean, you don't even have knickers on!"

"You're right Dan. But at the moment at least, I'm okay. Its not like I just suddenly shit myself with no warning though. I always feel it coming first. Usually my tummy starts rumbling and growling first, and then I'll get a sudden urgency to go. I just don't always have a lot of time when that happens. Yesterday morning, when I messed myself in the car, mum had gone into her office, and I was waiting for her. This was after we met you guys at the hospital, and I had a dry pull up on. My tummy rumbled first, but I didn't think much of it. 

I really thought I was just gonna fart. I sort of leant over a bit, but had a big wet shart instead! I immediately went to go inside mums office, but all her workmates were there, and I didn't want to walk in knowing I'd just stained my pull up. I sat there for a minute or two, then another big gassy pain hit me, and I couldn't hold it. I did a huge fart, and shit myself at the same time. I couldn't help it. I definitely wasn't going inside then, so I had to just give up and finish in my pull up. I'm surprised it didn't leak."

Dan felt himself blushing at the intimate details he was hearing, but it was interesting to know how her body worked.

"Anyway. I'll definitely be putting a swim nappy on soon, just in case, but I won't just poo my pants without warning. If I start to feel gassy or bloated, I won't take a risk, I'll go to the toilet before anything bad happens."

She smiled at him, "But I kinda want to try wetting myself without wearing any knickers first....." She paused to laugh at the shocked look on his face before continuing, "what I mean is, I lose little dribbles and leaks all day long. A lot of times I don't even feel it happening. I'll get the urge to pee, and make it to the loo on time, but I find my pull up is already a little bit wet because I've had a little leak and didn't even know! The only time I feel it is when I'm only wearing my swimsuit. Sometimes I'll feel a dribble on my leg because I've peed a bit without feeling it. I want to see what happens when I do it in my pretty pink shorts! Like see how much comes out, and how noticeable it is and stuff."

Dan was grinning. "Yeah, I'd kinda like to see that as well" he admitted with a smile, "but what else are you thinking about us doing?"

"Are you willing to change into a swim nappy but leave your pants off though?"

Yet again she had managed to shock him. "No, I dunno about that Ames."

She persisted. "Why not Dan? Last night I watched you wet your pull up without any pants on, then I saw you in your big nappy when I helped you tape it up properly. Now I'm seeing you in those short shorts. They don't cover much more. If you agree to do it, I will as well!"

"What? You'll wear just the nappy and nothing else will you?

She laughed. "Nice try Danny. I'll leave my bikini top on as well. But we've still got probably an hour and a half before we've gotta worry about mum coming home. We can have another smoke, and hang around in just our nappies for a while. We can just slip into our shorts if we have to, like if your mum shows up again!"

"Ha bloody ha! Very funny Ames. But I don't know if I could wear just a nappy and nothing else. I mean, they don't hide much."

"Neither do speedos Dan, but people wear those all the time. Plus they might be a bit shorter, like underpants, but they're a lot looser fit. They're baggier than those shorts. I think you'd look kinda sexy and cute in them. I'd like to see it......."

Dan chuckled. "I don't know how anyone could look sexy in a nappy, but I'll bet you'd look awful cute yourself Ames. You're cute without it...."

Amy actually blushed at that. Her heart swelled at knowing Dan thought she was cute. She normally felt anything but cute in her diapers. Childish perhaps, but never cute.

They drained and refilled their glasses yet again. Even if they couldn't drink any more soft drink, they were determined to refill with water at least. They both wanted to have another real accident with each other while they still had time.

"So I propose we keep drinking as much water as we can, we have another smoke, then change into our swimmers until we wet again. We can put our shorts on and have a swim afterwards."

His desire to see Amy wearing and wetting a swim diaper overrode his qualms at doing so himself.

Dan found himself agreeing.

*162*2016-04-24 11:29

Chapter 66:

Dans phone beeped again. "The guys want another picture Ames."

"Let 'em wait mate! Let's have another smoke first. Make sure you pick up the butt you threw away earlier! It's stuff like that, that could get us caught."

Dan felt dumb. He'd just thrown incriminating evidence on the ground and forgotten about it. They had to be careful or Amy's mum would find out they'd been smoking. He picked it up and put it in the tin. "Sorry," he muttered.

He pulled at the front of his shorts. They were saturated and sticking to him. The previously hot pee had cooled by now, and he was starting to feel a bit uncomfortable.

Amy noticed him grabbing at himself. "Do you need to pee again already Danny? You only just went!"

"Nah, I'm empty now. At least for the moment. But my shorts are getting a bit cold and uncomfortable though. What about you? Need to go again yet?"

"I don't NEED to go Dan, but I'm sure if I tried I could. But I don't want to wet on purpose. I want it to be an accident when it happens. And if your getting uncomfortable, you could put your swimmer on now if you want to."

"Nah. I WILL wear one, but I'll wait for you."

Amy shrugged. She dug her smokes from her bag again, and they headed to the side gate once more. She felt the excitement building up in her again. Every time she smoked, the illicit thrill of what she was doing made her excited and nervous. She was always such a "good girl," it was exhilarating to be doing something so naughty, and she explained her excitement to Daniel. He had to agree. It was a thrilling feeling to be doing something so bad.

They were both concentrating on keeping their hands from shaking while they took their cigarettes from the packet, and put them in their mouths. Amy struggled with the lighter. It wouldn't light at first, and she shook it and cursed softly. Eventually she got a flame, and lit Dans first, then her own. They stood and smoked in silence for a while, not inhaling yet, just working up to doing the drawback properly.

Amy walked over to get her drink, and as she walked back towards him, he noticed something.

He coughed slightly, "Amy," he said, and pointed at her midsection.

Confused, she looked at what he was pointing at. When she looked at her shorts, she discovered a wet spot right in the middle on the seam. It was only a couple of inches wide, but it showed up clearly on the pale pink denim. She touched it in wonder.

"That's exactly what I was talking about! I didn't feel that come out at all! It must of happened when I got all nervous with the lighter. They're the sort of little leaks I have all day. I just don't feel 'em. But I will admit that I don't feel empty anymore. I don't feel like I need to pee yet, but I can tell there's some built up already. This is the danger zone for me. I don't have any urge to go, but there's pee in me that I can't feel. This is when I'm prone to accidents, before I feel it enough to avoid one."

They both drew back on their smokes, and exhaled.

"This is easier than I thought Amy. I haven't coughed once!"

Amy took another drag. "Don't get cocky Catholic boy! You'll know it if the smoke catches in your throat."

The words weren't even out of her mouth before she coughed. It kind of caught in her throat before she could catch her breath, and she choked a bit trying to draw air in. She gasped for a breath, making a stuttering sound as she tried to suck air in.

While she was choking, Dan was watching her shorts. The small wet spot had grown bigger at first, and now, as she spluttered, a wet streak appeared on the inside of her right leg. She gave another snort, and a trickle appeared on her left leg. Both trickle marks gradually got wider, and finished up joining each other at the egg sized wet spot on her crotch.

Amy noticed it this time. She jammed the hand not holding the smoke into her crotch, as she simultaneously crossed her ankles and bent over.

She coughed a couple more times, then straightened up. She spread her legs wide and bent her head for a close look at the damage. There was a wet patch from the bottom of one leg, all the way up and over her crotch, to the bottom of the other leg. There were also two drops on the ground, which had obviously fallen from the pee trail that ran from her shorts and ended at her left knee.

"Shit," she said, "I just wet my pants again Catholic boy! I didn't even feel like I needed to go! That's what happens all the time. Well, I wanted to see what would happen I guess, and now I have."

She managed to inhale some smoke again without coughing. "I warned ya about these things didn't I!" She gestured with her cigarette towards Dan. "Tell me Dan, do you ever pee when you cough or sneeze?"

Dan had a drag. "Not as yet Ames. But last night I peed with shock when my dummy flew out, and I got scared when I thought mum turned up earlier and peed then. I'd never wet myself by being scared or shocked before either. So I guess anythings possible."

They finished their cigarettes, and Amy put the tin back at the barbecue. It had been half full already, so she knew her mum wouldn't notice the 4 extra butts. They returned to the seats they had vacated not so long ago. The only difference was, now they both wore obviously peed in pants. Dans phone beeped yet again as they sat down.

"The guys again," he said as he checked it. "They're still begging for another photo. Should we give them one then, just to shut them up?"

"Alright Dan. If you want. What have you got in mind?"

He grinned mischievously. "Come and sit on my lap," he said.

"I don't mind doing that Danny. But my pants are wet."

"So are mine remember? Let's take a dual selfie of our heads, while we're wearing our wet pants. They'll never know, and I think it would be funny!"

Amy didn't need any further encouragement. She thought it was a great idea, and told him so. She jumped up, and walked over to Dans seat. She sat sideways on his lap, her bottom touching the wet fabric of his shorts. She put her legs on either side of one of his, and the wet crotch of her shorts was resting on his bare thigh. They smiled at each other knowingly. They were both aware that each other could feel their wet clothes. And they both liked it as well.

Dan switched his front camera on. Amy put an arm around his shoulders, and after adjusting her bikini for maximum cleavage, she put her other hand on his smooth chest. Dan positioned the camera, Amy whispered "Kiss me Danny," and they pressed their lips together. Without looking at his phone, Dan took a lot of pictures while moving the phone around as they kissed.

Eventually he put the phone down, but they kept kissing. She sat on his wet lap, in her wet shorts, and they again gave their tongues free reign to explore each other's mouths.

Dan felt himself stiffen underneath her bottom, but made no effort to move.

Amy felt something stiffen under her buttocks, and guessed what it was. She wriggled briefly against it, enjoying the feeling as they kissed.

They both felt like they were quickly approaching a line that they weren't ready to cross yet. Amy stood up, and they both reached for their glasses.

"Your tongue tasted like smoke Dan. Did mine?"

"Yeah. It did a bit. I still liked it though," he said with a smile.

He picked up his phone, and they went through the photos, eventually choosing one where they both had their eyes closed, Amy was nibbling on Dans bottom lip, her hand on his chest, with their noses almost touching. Anyone seeing it would be able to tell straight away that the two kids pictured weren't faking, and had real affection for each other. Dan deleted most of the photos, but with Amy's permission kept that one, and two others. She asked him to send them to her phone as well. Dan tagged her, Scott, Matt, and Ali, and sent their favourite picture. Then he sent Amy the other two.

She traced a hand briefly over his chest, then sat down again. She made no effort to hide or cover the wet crotch of her shorts, and Dan found it mesmerising. As she sat down, she looked around. Their earlier pee puddles had dried up, but there were noticeable stains on the cement.

"I might just hose the ground off matey. It looks like some kids have been peeing all over the cement."

She quickly turned the hose on, and in no time at all had hosed the area they had been using. Dan was expecting her to turn the hose on him at least once, but she didn't. She sat back in her chair, and lifted her legs in his direction, showing the soles of her feet.

"How are my socks looking Danny. Have I ruined them yet?"

Dan was happy to look. The tops were dry but showing lots of yellow stains, while the bottoms were saturated and so dirty, that they were nearly black. Walking around outside in wet socks had meant that they had picked up lots of dirt.

"They're filthy Ames. Really dirty. I can even see the pee stains on them. You still look beautiful and very cute in them though!"

"If that's the case, I may as well leave 'em on then" she smiled. "But I think I'm ready to change my wet pants. I'm gonna put a swimmer on, okay?"

She took a swim diaper and her towel, and walked towards the gate again, leaving another trail of little wet footprints when she reached the dry part of the concrete.

Dan was again sitting there waiting for his boyhood to go back to sleep. It had awoken with a vengeance whilst they had been kissing. He felt the tension leaving him, then when he looked up,it returned just as much as before.

Amy was walking toward him. Her pink t-shirt finishing at her belly button, and doing absolutely nothing to even slightly hide the swim diaper she was now wearing. It was blue, and bigger and baggier than bikini style pants or knickers, but still shorter again than the little blue swimming shorts she had worn earlier. They were really like a pair of baggy knickers, or a saggy looser fitting Goodnight. The short t-shirt, little diaper, and lacy wet socks once again sent blood flooding to Dans private region.

In the back of his mind he couldn't wait to have a shower later. He had a feeling he'd be reliving this afternoon more than once.

"Your turn Dan" was all she said as she sat down, and took yet another drink.

Dan took his swimmer and towel, but grabbed his singlet as well. He didn't want to get completely naked near Amy's gate, so he slipped his singlet on first. After double checking his privacy, he quickly dropped his wet shorts and briefs, then stepped out of them. Not wasting any time, he quickly dried his private area and backside, then after working out front from back, he stepped into it. He didn't feel like he was wearing anything more discreet than a pair of briefs, just like the ones at his feet.

He sighed, steeling himself for a moment.

Dan found himself briefly sucking his thumb.

"I AM in control here" he muttered. Then he picked up his wet pants and went to rejoin Amy.

*164*2016-04-25 02:01

Chapter 67:

He walked back to the chairs, holding his singlet down in front of him with his left hand, and carrying his shorts and briefs with his right.

"Awww Dan! You put your top on as well! That's not fair. I can't see your nappy properly!"

Dan sighed, and let go of his top. His basketball singlet was long and baggy, but didn't quite cover his swimmer. The bottom of it was just past the waistband, but it still stuck out from underneath.

"Sorry Ames, but I'm leaving it on. I just can't walk around wearing.....this thing by itself. It's just too little!"

"That's okay Danny, but no pants yet, alright? Leave your shirt on if it makes you more comfortable, but that's all! I had to put my shirt on again as well. It just kinda felt weird wearing just my bikini top and a diaper."

Dan smiled. "You look really cute Ames," he said.

She returned the smile. "So do you Danny, so do you."

"Alright" she said, "I'm gonna put my pink pants in the washing machine with the wet towels from my kitchen accident before, but I suggest we rinse our shorts in the pool to get them wet all over. If my mum comes back early, we can just slip them on over our swimmers and it'll look like we were swimming earlier but they haven't dried yet. It might look a bit strange if anyone finds out your wearing one of my swim nappies, so you need to make sure our parents don't find out, or they'll ask why."

Dan agreed with her plan, and together they went through the pool gate and approached the chest high pool. Amy rinsed out her blue shorts, as did Dan, but he rinsed his red underwear as well. Once done, they hung them over the backs of their respective chairs, where they could quickly grab them, then Amy took her wet pink shorts and teddy bear panties into the laundry where she hid them under the towels in the machine. "I'm really not at all bothered if mum finds my wet shorts Dan. I'm forever just putting wet stuff in the machine, so it's not unusual at all. But it would be unusual if she found them drying on the line without being washed, while I'm wearing my swimming shorts over a swim nappy. I don't think I could explain how that happened."

Dan was impressed by her foresight. She had obviously thought this through and left nothing to chance. All they needed to do was to slip their wet shorts on over their swimmers in an emergency, and nobody would be the wiser about all the fun wetting games that they had played.

Dans phone was going off.

"Dude!"

"Wow man!"

And of course "Damn Daniel!" That one always seemed to pop up.

The kids laughed, sent a cheeky reply, and the next few minutes they bombarded each other with rude messages. Dan and Amy couldn't stop laughing.

When it had died down, the subject of Daniels new friends came up. Particularly Scott. Amy asked Dan what, if anything, he planned to do.

"Dunno yet Ames. I'm leaning towards telling him about myself as well. I mean, meeting you has been so good for me. I don't just mean that because of I how feel about you either. I think even if we hadn't , ummm, like hit it off with each other and stuff, it still would've been great talking to another kid my age who would understand. Just talking to you and hearing your story, and kinda knowing what it's like when bad stuff happens, made me feel better cause I knew I wasn't the only one?" He was starting to ramble a bit he felt. He took a big drink to calm down, then continued. "I mean that it could make him feel better about himself as well, knowing there's another bed wetter he knows, and if the guys can be accepting of that, they might not hate me with my other problems."

"Oh Danny! I don't think that anyone hates you. It's not your fault you've got a dodgy bladder. I'm sure the guys would understand."

"I don't know if they would Amy. I mean being a 14 year old bed wetter is bad enough, but when you have to wear a nappy in case you wet your pants, then that's a whole other thing. If a kid wets the bed, others may know, but it's like not such a big deal. Cause they mostly do it alone, and nobody has to see it. But when they wet their pants, it's like suddenly everyone sees it and it gets embarrassing. Add the issue of hanging around in public with a big kid wearing a nappy, and your suddenly not so good to be seen with. It's true."

Another sip, and he continued, "That means that if I do tell them, and they decided to reject me, they could make my life hell at school all over again. But, if they did accept me, it could mean a step towards not having to worry about wearing a diaper. I could wear to school without stressing all the time!"

He considered what he'd said. "That didn't sound right. I don't WANT to wear a pull up to school. I want to stop wetting my pants and needing one. But I feel like I really have to wear one, because I guess I'm starting to accept that I really NEED one. If I HAVE to wear one, I'd rather not have to hide it."

"I know what you mean Danny. It's so nice just wearing and not worrying about it for a change. I know you probably won't believe me, but I'm really very shy about my protection usually. If I have to talk about it, I will, but I try not too."

She took a big drink of water then, determined to keep up with him. "But I would never in a million years of dreamt that I would ever be able to do stuff like we've done this weekend. I think that deep down for years, I've wanted to lash out a bit and stop worrying about my accidents and diapers, and when you showed up, it made it possible to actually just hang out and have fun, and not worry about wetting my pants the whole time. Just to sit here with a friend, my boyfriend actually," she smiled, "and both be wearing swimmers and not caring if I wee in them, it just feels wonderful!"

"Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say Ames. It's been so good for me having this weekend with you. I hope we have lots more as well. Just chilling like this and not caring is so nice. But I don't expect to be able to be this open around anyone else of course, but it would be nice to be able to hang out with friends and just wear a nappy, and not care if they knew, and not care if I wet in it."

Amy saw how much he wanted to be accepted. "If you tell 'em Dan, and it goes badly, I hope you know you're welcome to wet your diaper around me any day!"

They both laughed at that.

Amy put a hand on her swim diaper when she laughed. "Oops. That was close. I nearly leaked then. I must be building up already."

Dan realised then that he could feel a build up starting again already as well. Once again, he didn't NEED, to pee at all, at least not yet, but if he chose to, he could let some out.

*166*2016-04-26 14:56

Chapter 68:

Amy's phone rang. She answered it, and Dan could tell that she was talking to her mother. At the same time, Dans phone beeped again. He was expecting more silliness from his friends, but found a message from his mother instead.

"Dan. Jackie had some minor complications. She's fine now, so are babies. Leaving later though. Pick u up bout 5. Hope you&#39;re havin fun. Mum."

Amy finished her call and put her phone down. "You just got a message from your mum, didn't you?" Dan nodded. "Well that was mine. She's spoken to your mum, and I guess you know she's coming around 5?" He nodded again. "Well my mums going to be back around 3:30. That means we've got a bit over an hour left before we have grown ups to deal with again! We can have 1 more smoke, and have time to build up for another accident again. I reckon I'm probably halfway their already! I've never drank so much in my life. I'll honestly be wetting myself all night at this rate. When we go in later, I'll be putting a tape up diaper on for sure."

Dan was curious. "But when you wear a tape up, doesn't that make it harder for you to get off in an emergency? Like if you make it on time?"

"It would, but I guess I sorta just don't try so hard to make it if I'm in a real nappy. If I'm wearing the Molicare pull up, I'll always try my hardest to make it on time, but if I'm in a big nappy, I don't try as hard I guess. I don't mean that I'll just deliberately pee myself while I'm watching telly or something, but I'll sometimes put it off for too long, and end up having an accident before I decide I need to go."

This triggered another question he had. "Ames, if you don't want to answer this then you don't have too, but how does your mum react? I mean, if you wet yourself when you're out, like at school and stuff, you can't always find the loo on time. But when you're at home, and the toilets right there, does she ever get upset or anything cause you didn't go earlier? I mean, like I remember a few times when I was younger and wet myself at home, and mum would go mental. If we were out and it happened, like at the fair that time, she was usually pretty cool, cause she new I'd got caught out. But if I wet myself while watching TV or playing outside, and she'd get really pissed off. Particularly if I wet outside. I've always been allowed to wee beside that shed near our pool. Mum always said if I was playing outside and needed to go, I could go there. If I wet myself while playing in the yard, which happened a few times, mum and dad thought I was just being lazy, or wetting myself on purpose."

He paused to try and drink more, and swap over his crossed legs. He didn't feel completely comfortable sitting there in a swimmer and not crossing them. He continued. "Maybe after Dr Singh yesterday, they might finally believe that I'm not just lazy. But anyway, how does your mum react, does she ever make a big deal about it?"

Amy eyed him with a touch of pity. "Danny, sweetie. I don't think your pairs really think your lazy. If they thought that, they wouldn't keep trying to help you with specialists and new pull up and stuff. I'm sure they just worry about your problems. Anyone can see that you usually hate it. But I think we should both be happy our pairs haven't seen us today! Both our mums would probably explode or something!"

"BOOOM!" Said Danny, and they both laughed.

Amy immediately stuck a hand between her legs as if by instinct. "Oooh, oooh, nononono! No, I'm okay. I really thought I'd wet then!"She then went back onto the topic at hand. "To be honest Danny, she knows I sometimes wet on purpose, but she's cool with it. It's still like when I was little and mummy put my big cloth diaper on me after school, and just let me wet in it. She knows I spend most of my life always worrying about getting to a toilet all the time or wetting my pants, so she kinda ignores it a bit if I get a bit lazy. 

Mum knows how stressed I get sometimes, and being allowed to just stop worrying about staying dry is the same now as like when I was little. To come home after a stressful day at school, and put a big nappy on and relax really makes me feel better. But like I said. I don't just totally give in and use it, I'll try and make it. Well. Most times anyway. But if mum sees me come home and put the night nappy on and my pyjamas, she usually just ignores it. Even though she knows I'll need to change before bed. We just don't talk about it."

"Wow. I wish my mum was more like that. I mean, she's cool and stuff. She doesn't tell me off or say nasty things if I wet myself. But there's always that look of disappointment that I see. I guess I can tell because of my bed wetting. I've done that forever, and she knows I can't help it, and she's always like supportive and stuff, but if I wet my pants at home, it's like "why didn't you go to the toilet or something, it's right there" or something like that."

"Well you're probably right Dan. Now you've seen the doctor they'll know it's a real issue. Have you spoken to your dad yet?"

"Mum said he's gonna call me tonight. I'm not really looking forward to it. I don't like talking about my problems with him. I want him to not be disappointed in me or think I'm some sorta freak or cripple or something. I think most men want their sons to grow up to be like strong guys, like athletes or footy players or soldiers and stuff. They don't want a kid who pees his pants all the time." Dan looked a bit forlorn, his face avoiding direct eye contact with Amy's.

"Dan. I'm sorry. But that's just plain stupid!"

He looked at her in shock.

"Look. I've never met your dad. But at least you've got one! Stop beating yourself up about what you think he might think. He couldn't be disappointed in you. He loves you Danny. Everytime you've talked about him, you've told me what a great dad he is and the stuff you do together. He even lets you have time off school just to hang out with him. That doesn't sound like a father who is disappointed or embarrassed about his son. He just finds it as hard to talk about as you do. I'll betcha that he doesn't want to make YOU embarrassed by asking about it!"

Dan was intrigued. "I've never thought about it like that Ames. Maybe I will talk more to him about it. 'Specially now I've seen the doctor."

"Ergh," Amy grunted, "I'm glad you agree matey, but jeez! I'm starting to feel it again. I'm gonna have to stand up I think."

She stood up, but kept her dirty white socks together. She absentmindedly pulled on the front of her little blue swim diaper for a second. "I don't think I'll last a lot longer Danny. How are you going? Your probably not to bad I guess. You've peed a lot in the last couple of hours, and you last longer than me. But even if you don't have an accident, you've still gotta pee in your swimmer before you put your shorts back on. I want you to see how ineffective they are for bladder problems. They're only just like thick undies really."

"Believe it or not Amy, I can feel it just starting to build up already, but I'm not in danger yet though. But I promise I will try it out though."

He looked at the sky. "But if we're really gonna swim, we oughta do so soon. It's Autumn remember. It's warm now, but it'll start cooling off soon."

"I guess you're right, Catholic boy! I really do want a swim now too. I've been covered in pee on and off for a few hours now. I must be starting to smell as bad as you do by now."

Dan was horrified at that. He instantly stepped back. "Do I smell? Really? Oh Christ...."

When he saw Amy crack up, bending over with her hand pressed sideways in her crotch, putting pressure on the front of her swim nappy to stop herself from leaking, he realised she'd been teasing him, and he laughed with her.

"Have we got time for another smoke Ames? I don't want to risk actually stinking of cigarettes instead of pee when your mother gets back. Plus I feel guilty for smoking all your smokes. I know they're not cheap, and I can't get you any more."

"Don't worry about it Dan. It's much more naughty and fun to have a partner in crime to break the law with. I can always get more, but I don't think I will for a while. I've got 6 left. One more each now, and two each for another time. After that, I think I'll stop for awhile. I don't wanna get addicted to 'em or anything. And don't worry about smelling. We'll have a swim, and the chlorine will stop the smell from sticking to us, and we've got those sweets we bought for our breath. We'll be fine. But let's smoke now, then we can wet our swimmers and get in the pool."

Dan retrieved the tin ashtray while Amy got the cigarettes. He was actually now starting to feel the first signs of a filling bladder. He still was safe, but now knew that if he did deliberately relax, he would pee without any effort. Amy, on the other hand, had a larger, more noticeable need than he did. He was looking at her backside as she was rummaging in her bag. Her dirty little socks were bouncing up and down, and her thighs were clamped together. She kept her legs straight and bent at the waist as she dug in her bag, and her shirt had risen up over the waistband of her swimmer, and he was treated to the sight of her butt jiggling in time with her bouncing feet.

He looked away quickly. He knew he couldn't afford to get aroused wearing just the swimmer. Thankfully, up until now, just the fact he'd been wearing only a revealing swim diaper and no pants had made him nervous and shy enough to retain control. But watching Amy wriggling around and nearly wetting herself was enough to almost fire him back up again.

Cigarettes retrieved, they went for their last smoke. This time, they both got through it with dry pants. No one coughed, no one got scared, they just stood there and chatted away quite comfortably as they puffed away. They didn't even make a big deal about the act of smoking itself. It was becoming almost a natural thing to them already, regardless of the big thrill it gave them.

Secretly, they both felt quite grown up for not making a big deal out of it this time.

Once finished, Amy took her socks off and wiped her feet. She then took her remaining 4 cigarettes back to her room and returned them to her special hiding place. Dan was a bit surprised when she came back outside and started putting her dirty wet socks back on again.

"Why are you putting those back on Ames? We're going for a swim shortly."

"Well, a certain hot Catholic boy once told me he thought I looked cute in them. And I can still swim wearing them, so why not look cute while I swim?"

She smiled at him, but was now wriggling around worse that ever. She crossed her ankles and bobbed over once, but didn't seem to be aware that she'd done so. Her body seemed to be on autopilot a bit.

He returned her smile after her "cute in socks" remark, and they shared a couple of lollies, cleansing their breath of any hint of smoke. Another glass of water was drunk, and for the first time in a while, they had seemed to run out of things to say. Amy obviously wanted them both to have an accident, but Dan wasn't at that stage yet, even though Amy obviously was close. They weren't going for a swim until it happened, so they were sort of in a hiatus between stages. The thing was, they were now starting to run out of time. Sonia was due back within half an hour or so.

Suddenly, Dan had an inspiration. "Amy, grab your shorts and towel and follow me. I've got a dare for you!"

She didn't ask, just did as he had told her. He took his shorts, undies and towel, and led her around the other side of the pool, where he had wet his nappy in front of her before their first big kiss last night. They dropped their stuff on the ground, and she looked at him with a quizzical smile.

"Okay Amy. Trust me. Give me your hand, and keep your eyes closed. That's the way. Now let me guide you over here near the side of the pool. Keep your eyes closed! Now. Do you need to pee as badly as you look like?"

"I do Danny. I'm busting now."

"Okay," he said, "I'm gonna do something with your hand, you're gonna touch something, but your not allowed to look, promise?"

She nodded, with a cheeky and expectant look on her face. If Dan had led her around the back end of the pool, where she could feel the grass underneath her feet, even with her socks on, then wanted her to touch something, well there was really only a couple of things that sprang to mind. Neither of which she would of guessed that he'd let her touch, but she trusted him enough to go with it.

He took her wrist gently. He picked her hand up, and gently placed it on his singlet, and she could feel his heart beating inside the chest it covered. He slowly drew her hand downwards. She still needed to pee urgently, but was now in extreme danger of being badly distracted. Her hand was taken even lower, until she could feel the softer part that must've been his belly. Then it was gently pulled away from his body, where he held it briefly in limbo, around waist height.

"Keep your eyes closed Amy. You're about to feel something, alright?"

She nodded breathlessly, her mind racing with a thousand thoughts, but none exactly coherent.

Then, suddenly, her arm was plunged violently downwards, where it was immersed up to the elbow in cold pool water.

She screamed and jumped. Her bladder instantly and completely let go. She jerked her hand back, pressed her knees together, and at first jammed both her hands on her inner thighs. All that accomplished, was putting an insignificant barrier on the huge pee rivers that were running down both legs. She gasped, looked at him, then squatted on the ground. She spread her thighs apart a bit, and put her right hand on the ground in front of her for support, while her left hand pulled her T-shirt down low enough to just barely hide the front of her swimmer. Her head was bowed as she watched the strong stream running right through the cotton/Lycra material, where it finished by splattering on her ankles and feet. She kept peeing on her lower legs and feet for about 20 seconds.

When she had finally finished, she took a deep breath but stayed squatting, looking up at him in shock.

He smirked, then said quite innocently, "Gee whiz you're right Amy. These swimmers really don't work very well for wetting, do they?"

As he burst out laughing, Amy regained her posture. "You absolute bastard Daniel! I wasn't expecting that! That's not bloody fair! You're a....." She trailed off. Dan was nearly in hysterics. He was nearly crying with laughter. "Really Dan, I'm just....," she started laughing as well. He had tricked her plain and simple, and done a fine job of it. It was a funny gag, and had worked. She couldn't stay mad at him, it was too funny.

When they had calmed down, she said, "Alright mate. You got me a good one. I don't believe I just pissed myself like that. I don't really know exactly what I was expecting, but it sure as hell wasn't that." She gave him a wicked grin. "I reckon there's a few more things that might've made me wet myself if I touched them..."

Dan grinned, blushed, and dropped his eyes, but didn't speak, letting her continue. "But now I know what I want you to do. You got to see me pee in my swim nappy, so I get to see you do it too! Even if it's not an accident and you do it on purpose!"

"Fair enough. What do you want me to do, Ames?"

She smiled. "I want you to show me what you looked like when you were little, and deliberately peed in your undies behind your shed! I've got a shed right here, and I want to see what little Danny looks like when he does wee wees in his swimmer."

*168*2016-04-26 23:09

Chapter 69:

Dan laughed at her idea. "Sure Ames. If that's what you want me to do, no problem. I kinda didn't want to just stand there and just pee myself for no reason, so I'd feel a bit better making a game out of it. What do you have in mind exactly?"

"Well, how's about you pretend to be a little kid again, and your playing by yourself, and you need to pee. You decide you want to pee in your pants beside the shed instead. You pretend I'm not here, and I'll just stand beside the shed and watch you."

As she talked, she kept pulling at the crotch of her wet swimmer. Dan couldn't keep himself from looking. Unlike a normal nappy, the blue fabric of the swim diaper showed off the wetness within. Amy looked incredibly cute to him, standing there in obviously wet panties, with wet legs and socks. She seemed vulnerable somehow, but it didn't appear to worry her.

Amy walked off the lawn, and crossed the cement to stand beside the garden shed. Her feet again leaving a trail of wet footprints again. She didn't say anything more, just stood there subconsciously squeezing her wet knickers as she watched him.

"Okay," Dan said. "I can do that. I'll be like 10 years old or something, and I'm gonna play in the pool, but I need to do a wee first. Are ya ready?"

She acknowledged that she was, so Dan walked away with his towel over his shoulder, and left the pool area, and went back inside the house. He stood inside the laundry room door for a minute, letting his boyhood return to normal once more. He had stiffened up considerably while watching Amy at first squatting down and wetting herself in front of him, then follow it up by standing there and playing with her wet pants. He needed to get himself under control not only to pee, but for the sake of modesty in his little knickers.

Once he felt himself relaxing enough, he relaxed his bladder muscles and started counting to 5. He only made it to 3 before he had to clamp down hard again. He grabbed himself and crossed his legs. He hadn't wet, but it had been close. But by briefly letting go, he had achieved the desired result of now feeling an urgent need to urinate. It felt like the pee was now trapped at the tip of his penis. Any further slackening off while holding would no doubt now result in a real accident. He gave himself a quick squeeze and adjustment, took a deep breath, and opened the door.

10 year old Daniel opened the door and walked outside. He was wearing only his undies and a singlet, because his mummy had told him to go for a swim in the pool. Little Dan took a few steps, then halted. He put a hand on his crotch for a second, and half turned back towards the door again. He seemed to be about to go back inside, but then turned again and examined the yard. Of course there was nobody else there. He was playing alone by himself again. He appeared to be undecided about something, but suddenly made up his mind, and opened the pool gate and stepped through.

Little Daniel walked slowly around the to the other side of the pool. He started giving a running commentary out loud. "Well here I am. I'm 10 years old, and my mummy told me I could take my pants off and have a swim in my undies. I didn't have to put my Speedos on. It feels like I'm wearing a pair of my thick training pants. I was in such a hurry for a swim, I didn't bother going to the toilet first. But now I'm outside, I sorta realise that I need to pee badly. I'm not allowed to pee in the pool though. I could and should go back inside and go to the toilet, but my mummy lets me wee beside the shed if I need to go. I always feel a little bit naughty doing that though, even if she did say it was alright."

Little Dan draped his towel over a pool chair, where someone had left a pair of blue shorts and red undies. He didn't know who they belonged too. He crossed his legs as he held himself tightly. "I feel like I really should be a big boy and go back inside. That would show my mum that I can make it to the loo on time when I have too, but it's a long way away now, and I'm really busting. She always tells me to wee beside the shed, but that's what a little kid who can't hold his wee would do. Not a big 10 year old boy like me!"

He felt a wave of pure desperation wash over him. Once again he'd managed to get right into the role he was play acting, and he seriously felt like he was 10 again, and was having this exact debate with himself.

Suddenly, he felt something give. His penis, which was held in his left hand now, twitched violently. He felt a sudden warmth spurt into his underwear. He sucked in a deep breath, and re-doubled his efforts to hold on. But his left hand was now touching wet material. He got himself under control, and took his hand away and looked at his pants. There was now a wet spot showing, and even a big drip hanging onto the front of them. He pulled them out at the front and looked inside them. The white cotton lining was now soaked. He pulled them back up tight again, and pressed a hand back onto them again.

Amy was standing right in front of him, only a few feet away. But she was invisible to Little Dan. Little Dan was alone in the yard. Amy was mesmerised. Dan was standing right in front of her, and had just leaked. He kept looking around, like he was deciding whether or not to go back inside again.

But as she watched, a trickle emerged from the right leg band of his swimmer. It snaked down his leg, and dribbled onto the cement.

This seemed to make his mind up. He did a funny waddling run, hobbling with his legs apart, until he stood on the grass beside the shed. She had quietly moved back there herself, just before he had sprung a leak, and was now directly in front of where little Dan had hobbled to.

Little Dan just gave up, and dropped his hands to his sides. His baggy red basketball singlet dropped down, and covered most of his diaper only a small bit was visible underneath the hem. As she watched, that small bit of diaper exploded with pee. It swelled up and started leaking. The pee wasn't contained at all, and just poured right through it. Even though his legs were spread wide, liquid was running freely down his legs to his feet.

She watched in awe as a huge wet spot appeared on the bottom of his singlet. It had been resting in the front of his knickers, and wicked the pee upwards in a big half circle.

By the time he'd finished, there was a big puddle on the ground between his wet feet, and a saucer sized wet spot on his shirt.

He looked at her for the first time.

"Uh oh!" Was all he said.

*170*2016-04-28 13:19

Chapter 70:

Amy felt something stirring deep inside of her. There had been something about watching her boyfriend pretending to be little then wetting his pants that had made her feel, well, squirmy, was the only word that came to mind. Being aroused was not a sensation that she had experienced a lot of, but she guessed that was what she was feeling. She thought that Dan was just so damn cute anyway, and watching him play as "little Dan" just made him even cuter.

"Wow Dan! That was amazing! You looked just like I think a little kid would. Is that what you used to do, or still do?"

Dan looked a bit embarrassed. "Yeah. Basically I guess. I just sorta hold on until I can't anymore, then I just go in my pants when I can't. I suppose that if I hold on long enough, it just seems to make it not such a big deal when I do it. I mean, it's not a big deal, cause mums always let me do it, but if I wait until I'm about to have an accident, I don't feel so stupid when I do it. If I feel like doing a pee, I can just pull my bathers or undies down and go, but if I'm super desperate, I'll probably wait until it's really too late, then do it in my pants. Dunno why exactly, but I guess it's a bit like you and wearing your big nappy after school. It just feels good to be able to wet myself and not worry about it. Just like we've been doing all weekend."

As he talked, both kids kept squeezing at their wet swimmers. Dan noticed what they were doing. "Do you realise how we keep touching our wet pants Amy? I think it's what I'm talking about. We're doing it because we can, and not worry about it. We both know what it's like to have wet pants around others. It's usually horrible. Everyone knows what you've done, and you just want to run away and hide. We certainly wouldn't keep drawing attention to it like we are now. But we're both enjoying being able to wet, and be wet around another kid and just not worry about it. You got it right before. It's liberating."

He continued. "Ya remember how I stood right here and peed in my nappy last night?" She nodded. "Well 2 days ago I don't think I could ever have done that. I would have just about died if anyone even knew I wore a diaper. I certainly couldn't have shown them, let alone used one in front of them. But with you, it's different. It's been a lot of fun, actually. To just be completely open and honest about my incontinence, and not have to hide it at all, has been, I don't know, just really good I guess."

Amy was smiling and nodding as she listened to his theory. "That's exactly what I was talking about. It's just nice to feel relaxed about it for a change, isn't it? But I think we need to get in the pool now though. Mum will be home soon. What do you reckon, do you want to dry your feet off, then nip into the bathroom and take your swimmer off? Just go back to your undies and shorts, and stash the pull up in the bin. That's the last of the evidence we need to get rid of."

Daniel agreed that was a smart idea. He wiped his legs and feet, grabbed his regular pants, and went inside to the bathroom. Once inside, he removed, bagged, and disposed of his swim nappy, and then put his wet underwear and blue shorts back on. They were very cold and clammy against his skin, particularly after the warmth of his peed in swim nappy. Just the feeling of cold, wet fabric between his legs was making him aware that he still had some undelivered urine in his bladder. He obviously hadn't emptied himself completely before.

He went back out, and found Amy drinking yet another glass of water, and once again wearing her little blue shorts over her wet nappy.

"This is my last drink for a while Danny. I am seriously gonna be peeing all night. I'm starting to feel it a bit already. My poor bladder is just constantly filling itself up as soon as its empty. I just can't stop needing to pee all the time! I've never ever drank so much before! I really hope it doesn't upset my tummy later."

"I'm sure you'll be fine Ames. Let's have a swim, eh?"

The kids walked back through the gate to the pool. Before they stepped of the grass and onto the timber steps that lead to the pool, Dan hesitated. "Just wait a second Amy."

She turned to look at him, and saw him standing with his legs spread, and pee dripping from his shorts.

"Sorry. Still had a little bit left. Thought I'd make sure I was completely empty before I get in," he smiled.

"Good idea Catholic boy!" She too stood her ground, and within a few seconds had pee running into her socks once more. "I've got the feeling ill be throwing these socks out after today," she giggled.

With both of them now wearing freshly peed shorts, they climbed up the steps, held hands, and jumped into the water together. There was a couple of floating pool balls in there, and for a while they played happily, throwing the balls to each other and generally just mucking around. They had a competition to see who could hold their breath underwater the longest, and Dan won. But when they had a swimming underwater race, Amy won. They laughed and joked around and just relaxed.

After 10 minutes, Amy got out, and wet her pants on the pool deck while Dan watched. "I'm sorry Dan, but I'm determined to empty myself as much as possible now. It just keeps building up so quickly, and I want to have a bit of control back later. I really need to pee as much as I possibly can now, before I put my nappy on again later." Dan thought this was a very good idea, so he too got out and did another wee in his wet pants, just because he could.

Not long afterwards, Sonia pulled into the driveway. The kids didn't hear her pull in, as Amy's iPod dock was playing, and they were giggling and laughing as they played catch. Amy's mother heard the noise from the backyard, and walked in through the side gate.

Even though she trusted them, she still harboured some slight reservations about what she might find. But she heard them giggling like a pair of little kids, with Dans voice cracking occasionally, and saw them standing on opposite ends of the pool, both wearing t-shirts, and playing an animated game of catch.

Before announcing her presence, she stood in silence and enjoyed the sight and sounds of her daughter laughing happily, and her heart swelled a bit. She thought to herself, "I really do need to stop worrying about these two. Their both just kids, and they're having fun for a change. I don't think they're even ready to get up to much mischief, they're only children after all."

She had to call out a couple of times before the kids even knew she was there. Amy climbed out of the pool and ran towards her mother. She opened her arms wide like she was going to embrace her mother in a big, wet hug.

"Uh uh uh! Stop there young lady! Do not even think about getting me wet!"

Amy stopped and pretended to pout. "Don't you love me mummy?" She said in a sad, little girl voice.

"I love you heaps my darling, but not enough to ruin my suit, okay?" She paused, and eyed her daughter off. "Amy, my beloved daughter, pray tell, why are you wearing your socks in the pool?"

"Oh, that's nothing mum. I've been walking around outside in them, and they were all dirty. I thought the water might clean them up a bit!"

Sonia shook her head, "Teenage logic. I'll never understand it," she muttered. She lowered her voice. "How's your tummy sweetie? Any more problems? Are you wearing a swim nappy like I asked?"

Amy pulled her shorts down just a couple of inches at the side, exposing her diaper. "I am mummy. But my tummys been good. I went once this morning, but haven't had to go since."

Sonia suppressed a smile at Amy saying "mummy." It was a childish habit that had stuck with her, but that she never seemed to notice when she said it. But most times when they discussed her nappies or problems, the word "mummy" slipped out. It was like her thumb sucking when she had an accident. But even Amy was aware of that particular habit, but her baby talk seemed to go unnoticed. Sonia found it sweet and endearing, and never mentioned it. It was a small link to her quickly disappearing childhood.

"Good girl. I'm pleased your tummy is better, but be careful, alright?"

Her eyes fell on the empty 2 litre Coke bottle, and 1 litre iced tea bottle on the table.

"Good Lord! Did you guys drink all that? Whatever for? That's going to go straight through you! Have you been going to the toilet, or have you had an accident yet?"

Amy smiled. "We just bought a drink each at the shop. We just sorta got carried away I guess while we talked. We haven't been in the pool long, so I've been going to the toilet a lot," she fibbed. "But I did have a little accident in my pink shorts though. I had to put them in the washing machine earlier. I had my swimmer on, but it didn't help much of course."

Sonia asked, "How was Dan when you wet yourself? Was he nice to you? I hope he didn't make you upset or anything?"

"Of course not mum! Dans really really nice! He'd never make fun of me if I wet myself. He really understands what it's like, cause it happens to him as well, remember? He just left me alone to get changed, and didn't mention it. He's very sweet and nice you know!" She lowered her voice to a whisper. "Besides, he had a little accident as well. I told him to wee behind the shed, but he had a little accident first, so we're square!"

This confirmed Sonia's thoughts that her daughter, and her "sweet and nice" boy, really were just a pair of kids with bigger things to worry about than thinking of fooling around. They had probably spent most of their time trying not to wet their pants in front of each other she decided.

She noticed her daughter bobbing around. "Do you need to pee now sweetie?"

Amy nodded her head. "I'm getting a bit cold now I'm out. It's making me need to wee. Should I go inside mummy?"

Sonia smiled. "Just sneak over to the gate princess. Your already wet, just do it in your pants over there, okay? When you've finished, have a quick swim, then you guys better dry off and come in. I'm a bit late home. It's nearly 4, and Dans mum will be here in an hour or so."

Amy smiled bashfully, and hobbled away. Sonia noticed her daughters pants were dripping even more before she had taken more than a few steps. She saw a trickle running down Amy's leg, but didn't say anything. It certainly wasn't the first time her daughter had wet herself around the pool. At least she wasn't upset about it this time. Sonia waved hello at Daniel, then went inside.

Dan waved at Sonia, and wondered where Amy had disappeared to. He took the opportunity to quickly climb out, pee a little bit more in his pants, just to keep his bladder empty, then jumped back in again.

Amy returned shortly, and told Dan everything, even how her mother had told her to wet her pants. "There's another puddle near the gate again" she laughed. Dan told her how he'd just wet again, and they both agreed that they would need to be careful now. Once they stopped playing in the pool, it was back into diapers again, and the way they kept filling up and needing to pee, meant that there were probably going to be some very wet diapers in their immediate future.

They only stayed in the pool for another couple of minutes before getting out and towelling off. Amy took the rubbish to the bin, then they collected their glasses and stuff, and went inside.

"Do you want a shower first Danny?"

"Nah. I'll wait until I get home I think. I'm just gonna get changed now."

Amy collected the washing from the drier, and gave him his blue board shorts, boxers, and socks. She got some clothes from her room, and disappeared into the bathroom. Dan went into her room, where he quickly undressed and got dry. He selected a Molicare pull up, and slipped it on quickly. He put in his board shorts, but didn't bother with his boxers. A fresh grey t-shirt and his white ankle socks completed his attire. He always carried a plastic bag in his backpack in case he had to put wet clothes in it at any stage, and smiled at the irony. He'd wet himself more times in the past 36 hours than he ever had before, but the only wet clothes he had were from swimming.

He had to admit that it felt nice to have the thick grown up diaper on again. He was getting very used to the feelings of security and safety that they afforded to him. He had hated wearing his Goodnights before, partly because he was so worried about them being noticeable, but now he actually felt much better in the thicker nappy. It gave him more confidence than his "kiddie pull up," and it was nice not to care if it showed. Plus he knew that if he found himself getting excited again, it wouldn't show up as much.

He returned to the lounge room, and was relieved to find Sonia wasn't there. She seemed very nice, but he didn't know her very well, and even though he knew it was an unreasonable fear, he worried that she would somehow know exactly what he and her daughter had been getting up too if they had too talk with each other much.

Eventually Amy joined him, looking freshly scrubbed and wearing her Mickey Mouse nightie and polka dot knee socks again. She sat opposite him, and deliberately flashed him a glimpse of the taped on diaper she wore underneath it. God she looked so cute to him.

Dan checked his phone. 4:30. His mum would be here shortly, and his big adventure with Amy would be at an end. He felt a bit sad knowing it would soon be over, but it would be nice to go back to his own bed tonight. He thought he may have some experimenting to do when he was alone. He felt like he could possibly explode with pent up hormones.

Yes, it was nearly over, and nothing really bad had happened.

At least not yet.

*172*2016-04-28 21:46

{{

That was Awsome I loved the part where Amy and Dan are so care free

}}

Thanks again Minervafan for your support. I think you're the only person still reading this saga now.

I thinks it's almost over. Part 1 at least. I've got an idea or 3 about continuing with it though, but I don't know if it's worth it, as it doesn't seem to be a popular story.

