Erin's Bikini Predicament

Author: iop098

*000*2018-05-19 09:33

“Bye Mom, thanks for the ride” 15-year-old Erin said as she hopped out of her mother’s min van, carrying a neatly folded towel in her hand. She was wearing her newly purchased pool-side attire--an opaque white beach dress and a green bikini—for her first pool outing of the season with two of her friends. She was being dropped off by her mom at her friend Marie’s house. Erin noted her other friend, Samantha, was already there as she knocked on the door. Quickly, Marie answered the door and let Erin in.

“Oh great you’re here! Are you ready to go to the pool, my mom said she can take us right now but we need to go fast because she needs to pick up my brother.”

Erin replied, “Oh yeah, I am ready. Can I use the restroom real quick though, I had a lot to drink this morning because of the heat!”

Before, Marie could answer, her mother came into the room and interrupted the conversation, “Girls, we need to go NOW, I’m already going to be late picking up Marie’s brother.”

Marie just shrugged at Erin, as the group followed Marie’s mother out the door. The girls piled into Marie’s mother’s SUV and they began their journey to the pool. Erin, decided not to push the issue, she was sure she could hold it until she got to the pool. It was important for Erin to feel mature around her friends. She was the youngest of them (the others were already 16) and was, until recently, the slowest to develop. For the last couple of years, she watched as her friends developed physically and started to wear clothes which accentuated their features. Specifically, bikinis were something she was envious of in years prior, she just felt out of place before this year.

Erin had spent weeks during the spring finding the perfect bikini. She was a rather small girl, and her features were proportional to her body. But for some reason, in her size, it was so difficult for her to find a combination of top and bottom which she felt secure in and looked good. She had finally found one and convinced her mom to purchase it for her at the comparatively high price of $30. This was the most expensive piece of swimwear she ever purchased, but she saw how it made her daughter beam with confidence so she bought it for her. This was Erin’s first opportunity to show off the bikini, and the fact that she had become a woman, she was excited.

Erin’s thoughts about her bikini were interrupted by a small twinge from her bladder, reminding her that she needed to pee. “Hey, about how long are we from the pool?” Erin asked.

“Oh about 15 minutes are so, you doing alright back there” Marie’s mom replied

“Oh yeah, I’m fine. Just excited to get there!” Erin lied

The truth was she was starting to get worried about her need to pee, and the nerves were not helping the desperation. While it wouldn’t be fair to say she had a “history” of wetting herself, Erin was no stranger with close runs to the toilet. Erin was a small girl, and she had a small bladder to go with that. Often times, she let her taste for drinks(particularly coffee) get ahead of her body’s ability to regulate urine. She often arrived just in time, leaking a little pee into her underwear along the way. Usually, nobody noticed.

Marie and Samantha were chatting along aside Erin(Erin was in the left most seat, Marie was in the middle, and Samantha was on the right) as she was becoming increasingly focused on holding her pee. While she hadn’t needed to resort to holding herself yet, she was actively clenching her thighs to hold it in. Samantha looked over at Erin and asked, “Erin are you alright, you seem a little tense and quiet”

Erin smiled and tried to loosen up before saying, “Oh, I’m fine. I just need to pee a little bit haha.”

Samantha and Marie offered their sympathy to Erin and they started talking about some gossip from school.

**THUD** Suddenly, the SUV jumped up a bit, Marie’s mom gasped saying, “Sorry girls I think we hit a little pot hole. The car is ok”

Everyone was fine, but Erin was leaning forward grasping onto her crotch for dear life. For a solid second upon hitting the pot hole, Erin had lost control of her bladder into her Bikini. She could feel a few droplets of pee break through the nylon and onto her fingers. Nobody really acknowledged Erin’s position (though Marie gave her another sympathetic glance) but she certainly felt embarrassed. Nobody could notice yet, unless they stared directly into her crotch which was now tightly closed behind her thighs, but she had just leaked pee into her bikini. It was always embarrassing for her, as she got older, when she leaked like that, but she especially did not want to wet anymore in her brand-new bikini. At least until she could get into the pool, it would be extremely noticeable if her bikini was prematurely wet. Unlike her normal outfit of blue jeans and a sweater, her bikini offered no coverage to even small leaks.

Erin recognized landmarks near as they neared the pool. Her desperation had subsided a bit, but she was still extremely tense as she was trying to hold her pee. Her legs were beginning to shake uncontrollably and her crotch grew warm with desperation. Erin needed to get to a toilet fast.

Just as another wave of desperation came in, they pulled into the pool’s parking lot. The girls got out and approached the gate to the pool. The pool was worryingly empty, and their worries were confirmed as they found a sign which read, “POOL CLOSED FOR CLEANING”

“Damn, Samantha said. I guess we will have to come back tomorrow.”

Marie shrugged and her mother said, “Well I was going to leave you girls here at the pool, but we need to go get your brother now Marie, let’s go girls. It’s only five minutes up the road.”

Although she managed to maintain her composure on the outside, Erin was beginning to get extremely worried. She figured it would now be at least 20 minutes until they got home, and she didn’t think she had that much time left until the dam burst. Her heart beat was elevated and she could feel beads of sweat forming on her eyebrow. This was going to be a long ride.

“Who is your brother anyway” Samantha asked turning toward Marie.

“Oh his name is James.”

“Oh wait, you mean James from the soccer team right. He is cute!”

Marie just shrugged off Samantha’s teasing, Erin kind of giggled along. She knew who James was, she was not aware that she was Marie’s brother. Erin also had a bit of a crush on the 17 year old soccer player. She was only 15(a sophomore) so she didn’t think she had a chance with him, but she wanted to make a good first impression. That would be very difficult with her current desperate predicament.

The first part of the drive past quickly, they arrived at the soccer field and James joined his mother in the front seat. They chatted about his day, soccer, etc.

James looked back, and looked specifically at Erin and said, “You girls look nice today”. Erin blushed as Samantha spoke up, “hehe Thanks James!”.

Erin was secretly proud that she had garnered a compliment in her new bikini, but she was more focused on her ever pressing need to urinate. Erin had endured many desperate twinges and shocks to the system without further leaks, but her tolerance was dwindling. As the car came to a stop at a red light, Erin breathed in quickly as her body had a small spasm and released a spurt of pee. She had to hold herself again, she felt the stain from earlier get rewet and the tips of her fingers get warm with little droplets of pee. She managed to stem the flow again, but she didn’t have much longer.

“Um, How long is it gonna be until we get home?” Erin inquired, trying her best to not let her voice sound strained as she further increased the tenseness of her legs.

“Oh we are about ten minutes away”

“Ok” was all Erin could reply, she was becoming increasingly strained by the second. She did not think ten minutes was possible. Erin, though a mostly mentally mature girl, did have one glaring pants wetting incident. It had been Halloween night a few years ago(she was eleven at the time), she held it too long while trick or treating and wet herself while trying to run home. At this point, her desperation had long surpassed that night. She credited her ability to hold to the fact that she could apply more direct pressure to herself in the bikini than she could her complicated Halloween costume(which was a dress in the styling of Hermione from Harry Potter.

She had the natural red hair for it). Erin was having to hold herself every thirty seconds now. She was shaking and her hair had become frizzy as she was becoming more and more anxious with her desire to void her bladder. The usually calm, composed girl was starting to lose her composure. Expectedly, Marie(sat next to her) took notice of the situation.

“Are you gonna be ok Erin…I haven’t seen anyone hold themselves like that since grade school.” She said teasingly.

“Honestly I have to go really bad, I’m not sure I can hold it”.

“Erin honey, if you really need to go please sit on your towel so it doesn’t get wet”

“Oh I’m sure she will be fine. Just hold it a little longer Erin.”

The sympathy from the others in the car only made Erin more nervous. She felt as if every move she made was now under scrutiny. Marie and Samantha didn’t want to get pee on them, Marie’s mother certainly didn’t want any urine on her seats. Erin’s crotch felt exceedingly hot with desperation. The friction she was creating with her thighs was immense, but her muscles were beginning to weaken.

A few more minutes passed and Erin leaked again. This time it was a small leak she almost couldn’t stop. Very similar to her past accident on Halloween which started as an unctorllable small trickle. Fortunately, she was able to quicjly cut it off. At this point, the crotch of her bikini was undeniably wet. Anyone who looked would plainly notice that the girl had wet herself. This level of exposure was not something Erin was used to. Typically, when she had little leaks, they, at worst, saturated her panties and left small marks on her pants. The amount of pee she had released today wasn’t much more than her typical leaks, but the embarrassment would be far more if she leaked any further.

“How long now?” Erin asked, the pitch of her voice had totally changed now. She sounded hoarse and on the verge of tears.

Marie’s mom looked back sympathetically and said, “Oh sweetheart, we are just a few minutes away. Please try to hold it.”

Erin nodded her head weakly in reply. She would certainly try to hold it. At this point, her hand was constantly resting at her crotch. She was liberally holding herself with one hand to apply pressure and stop any further leakage. It worked for a few minutes, but she was becoming extremely despeate again. Her full body was now shaking, in rebellion to her refusal to let the urine out of her bladder.

Again Erin asked, “How far are we away, I thought you said a few minutes. It has been five!” Erin said. She sounded like a child now, there was a distinct desperation to her voice.

Marie’s mom said, “I’m sorry honey, just a couple more minutes I promise”

“Ugh it’s not fair I have to go so bad. Can you please stop and let me pee”. Erin said. She was now beginning to lose it. She leaked again and grabbed on with both hands.

Marie’s mom said, “Erin please sit on the towel in case you can’t hold it. Nowhere around here is safe to pee. You are fifteen years old you just need to hold it a couple more minutes”

Erin felt dejected. She was expected to hold it as a mature fifteen-year-old. There in her brand-new bikini, the once lime green crotch had now darkened, the entire situation served as a reminder to Erin that she was behind in the development of her peers. Had she been a younger child, she may have gotten away with pulling off to the side and peeing on the street, but she was expected to hold it now. That would be considered public nudity at her age, not a child avoiding an accident.

With that thought, Erin began to lose the battle entirely. Suddenly, a three second torrent of urine erupted from her pee hole an sprayed through her bikini and into her hands. Marie immediately took notice and gasped, “Erin oh my god get the towel. I can’t believe this…” Samantha looked over shocked, the wetness on Erin’s bikini had spread up toward the waistband and a good amount of the pee stained the seat. Erin shoved her towel between her legs and managed to stop the flow again.

“Erin you can do it, we are pulling into the neighborhood now”. Erin recognized the styling of the houses, it was indeed her friend’s neighborhood that her mother had dropped her off at earlier.

Erin’s second of hope was interrupted by another bladder spasm, this time she leaked a slower, but persistent leak for a solid three seconds, most of it seeped into the towel, only a little running down onto the cloth seats. In one last desperate attempt to hold it, Erin abandoned all civility and furiously stuffed both of her hands into the inside of her bikini’s waistband, directly grabbing her crotch. Tears were now running down her face. She truly looked like a little child in grown up clothes. The smallest of the group at 4’11, anatomically perhaps it was no surprise that this incident had befallen her.

Marie couldn’t hide her slight disgust at Erin’s method of holding, “Honestly, Erin. It would be more dignified at this point if you just let go.”

“No! I can hold it until we get home, there’s the house”. It was true they were approaching the home. She might make it to the bathroom yet without fully disgracing herself. But as the car slowed and they pulled into the driveway, and Erin attempted to shift her weight to get out of the car, she completely lost it. “NO!” she screamed in a shrill voice as spurts of pee began to shoot out of her and into the towel. In a vain attempt to get out of the still moving car while holding it, she made the situation worse. Maire had to pull her back from jumping out the car, causing Erin to lose the protection of the towel. In the same instant, as Erin’s butt fell back into the seat, she completely lost it. Hot pee began to constantly stream out of her bikini, down her legs, onto the seat, and onto the floor. She was crying and going into the early stages of a panic attack as she continued to have her accident. There in front of her friends, her crush, and her friend’s mom.

Marie’s mom was yelling something about the towel, but Erin just continued to sob as pee continued to stream from her for 35 seconds. The whole time she held herself and attempted several “potty dances “to hold it, but none were effective. She couldn’t stem the flow until her bladder was entirely emptied.

At that point the evidence of her wetting was obvious to anyone. There was a large puddle of urine that had managed to pool on the carpeting of the car floor. She couldn’t believe this had happened to her. Her entire bikini was wet, it literally felt like she had just exited the pool. But it was a shameful wetness she had rarely felt since she was potty trained as a young girl. Her feet were wet and her legs began to itch from the warm urine. Marie’s mom tried to comfort her daughters friend. “There there, she said. I’ll call your mom to pick you up and make sure she brings you some dry clothes.”

“I’m so sorry about the seats, I don’t know what happened to the towel.” Erin managed to say between sobs.

“Marie had an accident like that when she was 8 years old in the same car on the way home from a ballet recital. I know a cleaner that will get it right out. It’s no big deal, this can happen to anyone”

Erin felt comforted, but as she entered the house (with a fresh towel wrapped around her) both of her friends were being a little standoffish. Erin had stopped crying but was still extremely embarrassed and red faced about the incident. She overheard Marie’s mom on the phone

“Hey Carol(Erin’s mom) can you go ahead and pick Erin back up. The pool was closed, I would be happy to watch her but there was a bit of an incident. Oh no, she is ok, she just needs a new pair of clothes. She had a little bit of an accident in the car on the ride home. Yes I suppose she held it a little to long, it is completely fine, the seats are fine. All right we will see you soon.”

“Alright let’s get you out of those peed clothes.” Marie’s mom said. She lead Erin back to the bathroom and asked her to wait there. She returned and gave her a towel, a pair of shorts, and an oversized t-shirt. She used the towel to dry off the rest of the urine from her crotch and legs. The shorts fit well, but they felt odd without underwear, she was not used to wearing nylon shorts like this.

“Ok, that should do you until you get home. I’m so sorry that happened to you, make sure you shower when you get home”

Erin appreciated the care from her friend’s mother, but she was ready to get home and take a shower to put this day behind her. She exited the room and was, surprisingly, met by James. James looked a little shy but said, “Hey don’t worry what people say to you about that. They are just looking for reasons to one up you. Do you want to go to the dance with me next week?”

Erin was shocked, she had never been asked out before, let alone by a senior boy to an exclusive dance.

“Umm, yes I would love to go with you!”. Erin and Peter talked for the next few minutes until Erin’s mom arrived. She asked her about the accident, but Erin had already moved on. Her mind was focused on getting ready for her date with Peter.

*003*2018-05-19 21:26

{{9 hours ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

That was a wonderful read, though I did notice a few mistakes:

1. You mentioned Erin went trick-or-treating as Hermione from Harry Potter and that she had the natural red hair for it. While its frizziness is the most ephasized trait of Hermione's hair, she's a brunette, not a redhead. Ginny is the most prominent female redhead in the HP series.

2. The first time the friend's mother mentions Erin sitting on the towel, the sentence is worded such that it sounds like it's the towel, not the seats, that is suppose to be kept dry by this action.

3. Near the end, you suddenly shift from calling the friend's brother James to calling him Peter.

None of these really distracted from the enjoyment, but they did stand out as things I would correct if I was doing a cold read of my own writing.

}}

Thanks for the feedback, I wrote the story at about 2 AM when I couldn't sleep haha. To be fair, in the movies Hermoine does have red hair. I imagined this girl looking like Emma Watson. I wish there was a way to edit for the name, that was just dumb.

