Camp pee (Long story)

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-11-28 14:15

I'm thinking on doing multiple chapters for this one, as it has many characters' wettings/desperation. I'll do part 1 and hear some feedback before I decide. If not, this will be a one off story!

Tropes included:

- Boys can, girls can't

- Humiliation

- Sex

Sapphire hated her home, her parents and her town. But something she hated more was summer camp, which was her parents' attempt at getting her out of her "gloomy, emo phase". It didn't work. It never did. But this time, a new camp opened up with stricter rules and new faces. Sapphire didn't want to go but it wasn't really her choice.

As she walked through the gates, she noticed a strange smell. Almost like piss?

'Forest. Probably the boys pissin' on the trees.' Sapphire thought to herself. With no new thoughts in mind, she wandered idly, checking every corner of the place just to feel the same way. Nothing new except trees, cabins and folks just as "lost" as her. But this time...the audience was fairly mixed.

"Oh, you must be Sapphire. I'm Gerard, your team leader!" He held his hand out, shaking Sapphire's hand firmly.

"You're a bit on the younger side, Gerard. Is this some programme for special or trouble kids or...somethin." Sapphire muttered, looking around for anything fun.

"Well, I'm 20, if that answers your question and if I'm honest, this camp is mostly for troubled folks. But I don't need to predict that looking at you."

"Oh my guess was wrong. I was looking at you, after all."

Both smirked at each other, realising they would get along just fine. The place wasn't looking that bad. Or so she thought. "Um, I kinda need to take a leak, where's the loos?"

"The toilets? Oh. You haven't been told?" Gerard looked pale, giving Sapphire a twinge in her stomach.

"No? Oh, y'all are decorating them with live love laugh signs? I'm not that desperate, I can wait." Sapphire snorted.

"No. We don't have any for you. You have to hold it."

Sapphire was taken aback by what Gerard had just said. She had to hold her piss? No way, not for a week.

"F-for how long?" She questioned.

"All week. They're trying to train bladders here. Some sort of disciplinary code of conduct or whatever."

"No fucking way are any of us gonna NOT piss ourselves." Sapphire laughed.

"Oh, well uh we have toilets. It's just the girls." Gerard rubbed his neck, smiling shyly.

Sapphire was devastated at the perverted rules of this camp. Her bladder was filling by the moment and her trip had just started. Gerard looked at her situation in pity as she shuffled from one foot to another, rubbing her thighs together ever so slightly. The trip suddenly sounded like torture, more so because it was actual torture.

"Fuck, I gotta piss. What happens if you piss yourself?" Sapphire's curiosity got the better of her but Gerard couldn't say anything. He could only point at what looked like a medieval torture device.

"So...any girls who try to pee or piss themselves are...um...tied to that post near the lake and..."

"And what?! Spit it out?!" Sapphire demanded.

"You're fucked infront of everyone. By the president of the camp."

"Oh god." That was the last thing Sapphire wanted to hear. She hadn't had sex with anyone, let alone shown her intimates to anybody. This wasn't going to be the trip she thought it was.

The first meeting came along and the president of the camp walked onto the wooden stage, waving and greeting everyone. His pale skin only slightly wrinkled, his whitish-grey hair swept over with no balding in sight. He was old but not bad looking. Maybe it could be fun?

"Welcome ladies and gents to Camp Summerdale. You'll have noticed that there are only boys toilets on this entire camp and whilst this sounds strange, there's a reason for this." His smirk was almost readable from right at the back of the auditorium.

"We pride ourselves in discipline and purity. Whilst all of your sexual desires run wild in your minds, we will be here to stop this. So ladies, if you could grab those special pairs of underwear from under your seats. That would be great, thank you."

Every girl in the room looked under her seat and gasped audibly. Sapphire wasn't even shocked to see the underwear with the lock and penetrative device on it.

"What a sadistic prick." She said to herself. A girl next to her nodded, her eyes wide from the shock.

"He does this every year. It's ridiculous." The girl said.

"You've been here before?" Sapphire questioned.

"Yup. Sent here every year for 5 years straight after my mum caught me kissing a boy in my room. I'm Laney."

"Sapphire."

The president of the camp continued to ramble about the purity underwear and how they were there to protect girls from fucking the entire camp. It would also mean that peeing was a lot harder, so the dickhead didn't allow then to pee at all.

"So what brings you here, Sapphire?"

"My parents think I'm going through a phase and want to change it. I used to be at another camp except it was...very different to this."

"Hm. That's tough." Laney smiled genuinely, giving Sapphire some form of relief that not everyone was shitty there. Unfortunately, it didn't stop her bladder from giving her a shock of a lifetime as it became fuller by the second. Sapphire began squeezing her pussy muscles and fanning her legs, doing anything to stop herself from pissing right there and then. Laney saw this and put a hand on Sapphire's shoulder, looking at her with the same pity that Gerard had.

"I've been holding it all morning. My mum and dad didn't stop off at any services." Sapphire whispered through gritted teeth. All Laney could do was smile with tight lips and nod, unaware of how bad the situation really was.

The meeting had finished in a flash and all camp-goers were allowed to explore the grounds. Sapphire and Laney met with Gerard and explored around their cabins. Unfortunately for Saphhire, her bladder seemed to get worse the more she walked near the lake. Her hand slipped down to her crotch and squeezed it gently, avoiding the strange device in her vagina.

"Ohhh fuck, this isn't good." Sapphire muttered. Gerard looked at her with a raised eyebrow, before seeing her hand and realising.

"How bad is it?" Gerard asked, swinging around a tree. Laney looked out to the Lake, ignoring the conversation.

"Really fucking bad. My bladder feels like it's about to explode and I don't really feel like showing y'all my lopsided tits." Sapphire bounced on the spot and doubled over, moaning loudly. Gerard tried to ignore it but blushed immediately when he saw Sapphire's hand squeezing her crotch.

Suddenly, a few leaks dripped out of her pussy, rolling onto the vaginal device. Sapphire engaged in more over the top bouncing and squirming, whining and groaning to herself.

"Oh god, you poor thing, it must hurt, huh?" Laney cooed, grabbing Sapphire by the shoulders. Sapphire could only nod and march on the spot, her ass bouncing up and down. Her bladder could only fill up more by the second, her urethra aching and begging for release. Gerard continued looking away with some glances at Sapphire here and there.

"What's going on over here?" A familiar voice boomed from behind them. Laney looked behind her to see the president of the camp stood with crossed arms and a stern face. She stood upright and walked towards him, leaving Sapphire to shamefully hold herself and moan quietly.

"My friend is really desperate for a wee. Can you make an exception this once?!" Laney whined, looking at the president with a frown. He looked Sapphire up and down, only to shake his head and smirk.

"I'm not bending the rules for a slut. Those shorts are horrendous. Dinner's in 10 at the hall." He said, a strict undertone. Before he could walk away, Sapphire muttered under her breath, whining and crying out.

"Noo...." All that was heard was the pitter patter of Sapphire'a bladder emptying on the crunchy leaves. Laney stood back with Gerard and watched in shock as the mumbling mess infront of them failed to hold back her bladder. The president's smirk grew as he realised the opportunity.

'Getting lucky on the first day AND with a slut?' He thought to himself.

"I-I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it!" Sapphire mumbled, tears running down her cheeks.

"Young lady, come with me." The president grabbed her by the wrist and dragged her along, shaming her infront of all the camp-goers. Laney and Gerard followed along, telling the president to keep his hands off, only for him to ignore them.

The poor girl was brought to 'The Pole' and asked to strip, only for the President to do it himself. Before long, Sapphire stood in the middle of the camp with her pussy and tits on show, her hands strapped to the pole.

"I will only ask you once. Repeat after me. You will not wee your panties like a bad girl." The President whispered in her ear, tightening the strips after every word.

"I...I will not wee my panties like a bad girl." Sapphire blubbered, hanging her head in shame. All she could do was wait.

The President whipped his dick out and rubbed it along her wet pussy, pushing it in slowly. Her legs were now wrapped around his torso as her back rhythmically banged against the pole, letting out quiet moans of confusing pleasure. His dick thrusted in and out of her, their skin slapping against each others. The President let out grunts and groans as he grabbed Sapphire gently by the neck. Camp-goers gathered around in fear, some covering their eyes and other cowering from behind others. Sapphire could only see Laney and Gerard in the crowd, Laney covering her eyes in respect and Gerard sucking in his cheeks and looking down.

Sapphire and The President climaxed in unison, both out of breath from the activity.

"Good girl. You'll stay here until everyone goes to dinner. Think about what you've done." The President whispered, lifting Sapphire's head up, revealing her blubbering, crying mess of a face to everybody.

This was gonna be one hell of a trip. And it was only just beginning.

Oookay! Part 1 of Camp Pee there for y'all. I probably won't start on part 2 for a while if y'all want it, as longer stories with omorashi is WAY out of my comfort zone. Feedback is wanted! Enjoy the rest of your weeks! 💝

*004*2023-12-12 13:50

{{On 12/10/2023 at 6:42 PM, Crazi Mathx said:

The story was good 😊. But i would like to say that the fact that one has to hold one whole week is obviously impossible. Like we all know whats its gonna be in the end..like spoilers.

Just my personal opinion 😀

}}

Welp, I'm not planning on making another part so I guess y'all can leave it to your imagination.
