College days

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-07-01 17:37

This story is based on a true story, but not about me! This was something I witnessed at college! I'm gonna do a genderbend version because why the fuck not. Sexual content starting from "He felt a raging..."

Micheal was in his games design class, his full attention on the professor. Out of the corner of his eye, he witnessed an amazing sight. A guy called Landon in his class who sat next to him had his hands rested in his lap and his thighs pressed together. He wore pink shorts with a cream coloured top and was known to be their classes cool guy. Micheal's attention went from the lesson to Landon's clear desperation for a wee. The subtle thigh pressing and hand placement went to dick squeezing and leg wriggling. Landon's knuckles went white from squeezing his dick through his shorts too hard, his legs bouncing and wrapping themselves around each other.

Micheal didn't want to be an asshole, but seeing the class cool guy being vulnerable and desperate for a piss was so hot for him. Seeing such an attractive, popular guy wriggling in his seat and moaning/whimpering quietly was nothing short of a fantasy. Eventually, Micheal couldn't stand being a creep, so he just had to help.

"Hey dude...I don't mean to be a bother, but you seem to be in trouble and I was wanting to know if you needed the toilet?" Micheal whispered, leaning over to Landon whose forehead was resting on the desk, hiding his face. Landon looked up at Micheal after doubling over in his seat.

"Yeah, I get shy to ask and thought I could hold it, but I'm burstin' for a piss." Micheal nodded his head, looking over at the professor asking the class to get into partners.

"I'll go up with you, then you can go pee, man." Micheal smiled slightly at Landon, watching him wriggled in his seat. Before Landon could get out a word, he let out a gasp and looked down at his crotch. When he moved his hands, he revealed a coin sized pee stain on his shorts, before snapping his hands back to his cock. Micheal helped a doubled over, crotch gripping Landon out of his seat, which got the professor's attention. He opened his mouth to ask but their professor instantly let them go after seeing Landon's condition.

As they walked up to the toilets, they noticed every urinal and stall taken, which was bad news for Landon.

"Oh god, sorry man. Can you wait for another minute?" Micheal patted Landon on the shoulder, watching his ever move. Landon let out a groan, bouncing on the spot as he continued to dig his hands between his thighs. His wiggled his hips from side to side rapidly, squeezing his cock hardly, which got the attention from the guys using the urinals.

"Ooooo dude, I think I'm gonna piss myself. Shit shit shit!" Landon uncontrollably leaked into his shorts, groaning and whimpering out in pain. Before Micheal could say anything reassuring, Landon ran over to the sink, whipping his 5 inch uncut cock out from his shorts and pissing everywhere in the process. Michael's jaw dropped after seeing this sight, watching Landon drain every drop of piss from his aching dick.

Eventually, Landon finished his piss, moaning in pleasure. He washed his hands and nodded to Micheal in a friendly manner.

"Thanks for the help, man. I'm gonna go change outta these, but I'll catch you later." And Micheal was left standing in the bathrooms as everyone else got on with their day.

He felt a raging hard on through his jeans, which made him run into a stall. Zipping open his jeans, he took out his hard cut cock and began working on it. His hand slid up and down his shaft, giving him the utmost pleasure that he hasn't felt in quite some time. After every hand thrust, his mouth let out a quiet groan, his available hand covering it to stop from a rogue moan being let out. After what felt like an eternity, Micheal let out his hot cum, groaning lowly and quietly to let out his last moments of pleasure.

With one quick wipe down of his penis and hand wash, he strolled back to class in pure bliss.

