The Desperate Ladies - Yu-Gi-Oh Gx omo interactive story

Author: andrtyb

*000*2015-12-21 13:34

Momoe and Junko were relaxing in the Obelisk Blue ladies's bathhouse in nude after a long exhausting day of school. Suddenly, Asuka came into the big golden bathhouse wearing only a white towel to cover her lady parts.

"Hi, can I join?" asked Asuka.

"Oh, sure, Asuka-san! There's enough place for you too, as you can see, this bathhouse is huge!" replied Junko.

With that said, Asuka took off her towel shyly, blushing as she reveled her naked figure.

"Oh, come on! There's nothing to be embarrassed of, Asuka! We are all girls in here, so I don't see the problem considering we all have the same body. " explained Momoe.

"Yeah. It's not like we've never seen breasts or vaginas before!" said Junko, gazing with pleasure at Asuka's hot body.

Juno would probably never admit it, but despite the fact she did like some guys, deep inside, she was easily turned on by her friend's abnormally big breasts, nice curves and juicy hips. Asuka-san was so hot while undressed.

"Your amazing figure makes me jealous, Asuka-san!" said Junko, while watching at Asuka's beautiful figure completely revealed.

"Stop staring at me so much! It's embarrassing!" replied Asuka blushing deep pink, feeling quite annoyed by her friend's behavior.

Junko began looking at Momoe, her other friend whose naked figure, while it wasn't nearly as impressive as Asuka's, but it was still really nice to look at, especially since her boobs have obviously become bigger since the last time she saw it.

"Oh, my, Momoe! Your breasts have gotten bigger!" commented Junko and began grabbing her boobs.

"Oh my god, Junko-san, what are you touching!?" screamed Momoe, feeling scared by how bold and mild-perverted Junko's behavior was.

"Just calm down, Momoe! There's nothing wrong with girls touching each other! I told you, as long as we are all females, there's nothing wrong with it" explained Junko, still horny by seeing those hot figure her friends had.

Asuka and Momoe were a little more sensitive in comparison with Junko's pervertness, but they also had an interest in hot females, despite the fact they'd never admit it in public.

Suddenly, the bathwater got warmer and it began having a slight shade of yellow to it.

"Momoe, what the hell are you doing?!" replied Junko in disgust.

Yeah, Junko surely was the pervert girl of the group, but Momoe was the ditzy one.

"What's the problem? This is a hot spring bath! There's no problem with peeing in it. Everyone does it!" said Momoe, trying to explain the pleasure of peeing outside to her friends.

"Well, that's definitely NOT what a proper lady would do. You should have gone before entering into the bath! Do you have any ideas how many germs you have just implanted in here?" said Asuka, on her usual quiet tone.

"Well, I'm sorry! I went to the bathroom before, but all this warm water and that lion-fountain made me have to go again" replied Momoe pointing to flowing lion-fountain.

"What's exactly the deal with warm liquids and running water making you need to go. It has no effect on me whatsoever!" said Junko.

"Well, it mostly works when you actually need to go because the sound reminds you of what you want to do the most" explained Asuka.

"By the way, I think we should take away that water fountain from our dorm as well. It makes me have to go pee every 10 minutes" admitted Momoe, while skinny-deeping in the hot water.

"I guess that's because you have a small bladder. Splashing water works on me only when I really, really have to go" commented Junko.

"I personally don't get why do waterfalls are the number 1 temptations. Hearing a dripping faucet while needing to go makes me pee my pants instantly" said Asuka.

Well, what do you want to happen next :

Asuka, Momoe and Junko go back to their dorms and have a pee holding contest. It's revealed the male students are peeping on them and decide to put a special spell on them that somehow makes the three ladies have to pee. The three girls capture a pervert peeking in the bathhouse and Asuka decides to duel him. If he wins, she won't report him at the academy. However, the guy's plan is to use a special trap card during the duel to make Asuka's hot monsters desperate to pee.

*006*2015-12-31 05:08

I was thinking about doing a holding-card game mixture. Maybe we can add a trap card that has the same effect Fidgephant from Yokai Watch has - making his adversary's monsters need to pee.

*010*2016-01-16 10:58

{{: 

3. But please don't have the male student be Jaden.

}}

Definitely not Jaden (Judai) cause I don't really consider him a pervert. Tje scrpt for this fanfiction is based on episode 3 (the episode where Crowler tries to get Jaden expelled with the love letter). I'm actually thinking about creating an OC male student from the Duel Academy who ACTUALLY really is a pervert and he intentionally peeps on the ladies while they're bathing. He gets busted in the end by Alexis (Asuka) and her friends, who decide to report him at the academy. However, this student is really sneaky and he decides to duel Asuka. If he wins, she'll get past the "peeping in the bathhouse" incident.

What Asuka doesn't know, is that despite the fact that this student is a pevert, he's also a big omorashi fan and he has got an ENTIRE DECK based on peeing/urinating system. I am imagining his monsters being something like a giant bladder, or a kidney or maybe a peeing statue. Also, he would have some special trap cards he always uses that have different effects on both the monsters and their owners (such as a trap card called "Bladder Fulfillment" which makes the adversary have to pee really badly). The student uses this trap card to make both Asuka and her hot monster, Cyber Bladder (do you get the pun?) desperate to pee and he wins in the end.

I'm even thinking of writing a re-imagining of the Yu-Gi-oh GX series called "Yu-Gi-Oh Generation P" where instead of Judai, at the duel academy comes an omorashi-lover male student whose deck is full of peeing-related monsters. I'm thinking one of the would be called "Manneken Pis" or "The Giant Bladder" or anything like that. He'd have plenty of spell cards and trap cards that can control his adversary's bodily functions such as "Bladder Fulfilment" (whose effect I mentioned earlier), "Skyscraper" (but don't worry: it's not like Judai's Skyscraper. This Skyscraper is usually used to torture the desperate-for-a-wee adversary. It practically turns the duel arena in a holographic image of a waterfall, raining area, rivers, even bathrooms), Bathroom Break (a card which contains of allowing your adversary to take a short break to go to the bathroom - card which he rarely uses), etc.

I'm planning about rewriting the whole series like this. This guy would be Jaden's replacement for my fan fiction story, the rest of the cast will remain exactly the same.

I'm thinking about starting with episode 1 where this guy arrives late for the exam and Yugi gives him the winged kuriboh card. There he manages to win the Entry Exam.

