Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 9

Author: Alexxx

*202*2013-02-13 23:29

(Nova POV)

An explosion of scarlet and azure energy erupted out of my core, lighting the stage with supernatural flames. My prey quivered in the corner, terrified yet oblivious. Dual claws formed at the base of my paws, glistening with the same red blue fire as my aura itself. I strolled closer to my victim, carefully eyeing any ways in which he may escape.

“Lud!” He yelped, dodging to the left. With unnatural speed I met his path and smashed him across the side with my claws. He flew backwards and bounced off the mossy gym wall, and I caught him again with an uppercut, slicing though his hit points like butter. Another light kick sent him spinning across the floor, eyes closed in an admission of defeat.

Just as quickly as had appeared, the red and blue flames vanished off my body. My pseudo claws disappeared, and my previous confidence and power were replaced by a heavy fatigue. I fell on my knees, overcome with exhaustion.

After a moment to regain my composure, I stood up and faced Josh, expecting a look of happiness or pride. Instead, I received shocked and troubled faces staring back.

Static was the first to break the silence.

"That…was…AWESOME!" Static cheered, racing across the stage and gripping me in a fierce hug. "Dude that wats SO epic, oh my GAWD! Did you see yourself!?" He yelped, showering me with pride.

"That was amazing Nova." Myst commented, shaken but impressed with my display.

"So cool!" Sandy cheered.

"Quite astounding." Skarr commented. "I do not know the name of that-"

"Outrage." Josh commented slowly. Everyone turned to him, gauging his reaction. How would he react to a somewhat disobedient attack, despite its succeeding? Suddenly I felt a pit form at the base of my stomach. Would he be mad? Would he see this defiance as failure, or worse? I have never seen Static, or Skarr, or anyone else go against his orders…would he hate me?

"…that was…" Josh reflected for a moment. "…damn cool."

I ran forward and hugged his pant leg as hard as I could. I was so happy, happier then I had ever been before. For once, I had succeeded! Josh wasn’t mad, he was proud, and not just that, he was impressed! Impressed by me! I did something, something not even Josh thought I could do! I squealed with happiness, then I quickly felt nauseous and fell on the floor.

"Oops, first things first. Here Nova, this should help." Josh handed me a heart shaped berry. "This should cure the poison. Eat that while I fetch a potion." Josh continued, rummaging through his bag.

The berry tasted sweet, almost like a peach, but also with a hint of bitterness. I wasn’t sure how much of the berry actually got in my mouth, considering it nearly exploded with juice as I bit into it. The front of my coat was smothered with the tangy juice, along with most of my snout and face. I grinned sheepishly.

Josh turned back to me potion in hand, then eyed me up and down, laughing approvingly. "Nicely done."

“Char!” I yelped excitedly, if a bit embarrassed, and happily accepted the potion.

“If you are done.” A colder voice echoed from across the room. I turned to see Erika, with a quiet, accepting smirk on her face. “Well done, Fireball. I guess your girlfriend knew what she was doing.” Erika commented, tossing a sparkly looking piece of metal at Josh.

“Thank you.” Josh responded, more as a courtesy then an actual gesture. He turned to Sandy. “By the way, you never told me-”

“Later!” She grinned, pulling on Josh’s sleeve. “Don’t we have one more gym to face today? We’re losing daylight, come on!”

*204*2013-02-21 15:04

(Josh’s POV)

"Alright, I’ve let you drag me this far without-"

"Technically, we’re flying."

"Technically, you’re deflecting."

I gave Sandy a concerned look. The usually confident smile she wore was replaced with a sheepish smirk as we flew across the skies. We both flew in protective blue spheres, me being supported by Skarr, and Sandy being supported by Charizard.

A thought crossed my mind.

"Hey Sandy, where do you work?"

"I, um, I don’t work."

"Yes you do, you’ve mentioned your job before."

"I got fired." She lied.

"Sandy." I thought sternly.

"Yes, my dear?"

"Stop it."

"Stop what?"

"It." I glared. Sandy smirked, and gave me a coy, suggestive gaze. "Come on, tell me! What are you hiding!?"

"I’ll tell you later."

"Sandy!"

"Yes, my dear?"

"Tell me now!" I whined, slightly shocking myself about how childish I sounded.

"I can’t tell you now."

"Why!?"

"Because it’s a surprise."

"Why is it a surprise?"

"I can’t tell you that; it’ll ruin the surprise."

“AAAAUUUGHHH!” I growled into Skarr, as he chuckled at our ridiculous conversation.

"Can I have a hint?" I pleaded. Sandy pondered this for a moment, staring into the sky.

"…No." She concluded. My body fell limp upon Skarr, as all movement ceased in my limbs.

"Josh!?" Sandy yelped. "Are you alright!?"

"No."

"What happened!?"

"I died. You frustrated me to death." I body bounced lightly on Skarr as we flew. "You killed me; it’s all your fault."

"It’s my fault, is it?"

"Yup. Killed your boyfriend in cold blood. You’re evil. You’re a criminal, and you’re gonna go to jail."

"Like they’ll catch me."

"Oh?"

"I’ll hide your body, and they’ll never find out that I killed you."

"Yeah, well they have satellites, and they’re watching you right now, and they know you killed me."

"Well, I’ll have to invade the satellite place and hack the-"

"You are both have the attention span, and mindset of hatchlings." Skarr interrupted, scoffing at our rather juvenile conversation.

"Oh hush, I’m sure you had silly conversations with Karliah." I replied.

"Never. Most of our conversations involved hypotheticals, with some philosophy and other intellectual discussion."

"Aren’t you a bundle of laughs." Sandy responded dryly.

"My apologies, shall I try again?" Skarr smirked. "OH JOSSSH… ~" He crooned, in a hideously high voice. "DON’T DIEEE ON MEEE ~, HERE, LET ME GIVE YOU MOUTH TO MOUTH, I’M SURE THAT WILL REVIVE YOU, JOSH-CHAN!"

I howled with laugher, grabbing Skarr’s sides to ensure I wouldn’t fall off. Sandy blushed with outrage, glaring at Skarr, then me for laughing.

"We WERE having a moment." Sandy grumbled.

"Exactly, my dear." Skarr spoke nobly, resuming his normal tone. "You were distracting my trainer from what should be his goal at this current time – focusing on different strategies against the next gym."

"And I’m not allowed to have any fun?" I grinned at Skarr.

"None at all, I’m afraid." He grinned in reply. "In all honesty, you COULD just use private-chat, instead of me painfully being forced to hear every sap-dripped word coming out of your combined consciences."

"You could always just turn your Pokespeak off…" I muttered.

"Oh!? Could I now?!" Skarr asked sarcastically, a giant, evil grin appearing on his face. "I think I’ll do just that."

Suddenly, Skarr took a nosedive. I realized too late that in fact he couldn’t turn off the Pokespeak because the switch itself is manual, and that would require his wing to adjust it on his scalp…!

"One moment, I have almost obtained it…" Skarr cackled madly as we plummeted towards the earth, one wing mockingly brushing against his head, prodding at the Pokespeak.

"SKAAAARRRRRRRRR!?" I screamed as the ground expanded and filled my vision with pictures of my eminent death.

"Oh? Would you rather I keep it on?" He asked satirically.

"YES PLEASE!" I yelped.

"Well, if you insist." He lazily pulled out of the nosedive, nearly brushing his metallic underbelly on the grass trail below. "Why the change of mind, Master?"

"B-b-because I didn’t want t-to have to clean you later." I stuttered, still shaken even though Skarr had resumed his normal flight.

"Clean me?"

"Yeah, after I PISSED MYSELF IN FEAR all over you! Remember whom is sitting on whom, hmmm?"

Skarr snorted with a laugh.

"Hey, if you could NOT kill my boyfriend, that would be swell." Sandy thought-yelled down to us.

"Oh, right, like I would kill him. Then what? Would I hack the “satellite place” to cover my tracks?" Skarr grinned.

We all laughed as Skarr flapped to gain more altitude.

"Hey. You never did answer me, Mrs. Avoidance." I once again reminded Sandy.

"Tell you what. You beat Misty, and I promise, before we go to sleep I’ll show you the surprise."

"Show? So it’s tangible?"

"Duh? It wouldn’t be a good gift if it wasn’t tangible, would it?"

"Well, I was just wondering what it could be-"

"What kind of gift isn’t tangible…?"

"JOSH-CHAN, DESU DESU~, HOLD ME TIIIGHHTERRR~" Skarr cackled, both guessing what ‘non-tangible’ gift ideas were floating in the recesses of my mind and successfully humiliating me.

"Augh, you boys are all the same!" Sandy hissed in annoyance.

"W-what else would be a non-tangible gift?" I whimpered sheepishly.

"No JOSH, your gift is TANGABLE." She said, rolling her eyes. "Perv."

"Oh, you think of a non-tangible gift that isn’t…that!"

"Friendship. Love. Happiness. Adventure." She listed, giving me a dark smirk.

"Those aren’t GIFTS!"

"Happiness isn’t a gift?"

"Now THIS is a good conversation!" Skarr piped up at the sound of a more philosophical conversation.

"Shut up Skarr, or I’ll sock you in your non-tangibles." Sandy chuckled.

*208*2013-02-27 21:05

(Josh POV)

"Are you sure you still remember how?"

"Oh Josh, how you taunt me…"

My emotional Skarmory smirked at my concerns of his lack of training. The gym in which we were was just as I remembered it -- clean, filled with elaborate statues, and maybe a hint of too much chlorine. Misty sat at the far end, twirling a water-drop shaped badge, and waiting patiently. Static, Nova, Myst, Wiggly, and Sandy all were present, waiting in anticipation for what would likely be a promising battle.

“Will you face me with that Pikachu then? My Lanturn has been looking forward to a back-to-back victory on that tiny mouse.”

“That is not a piece of information I am not willing to divulge at this point in time.” I smirked, realizing I sounded a bit like Skarr. “However, if you are ready, I would be willing to show you.”

“Took you long enough, trainer.” Misty stood up, pocketing the small badge, and grabbing a Pokeball in its place. “Go, Lanturn!”

“Go, Skarr!” I beamed, pointing my finger dramatically at the ceiling of the gym.

###

(Skarr POV)

On command, I took to the ceiling of the gym with just a few small flaps of my large, reflective wings. I shouted in my native tongue, sending reverberations though the gym, and definitely unnerving the Lanturn as it stared up at me in wonder and fear.

“A flying type, really?” Misty mocked. “You should go back to school and learn the basics trainer. Unless of course you like your birds well done.” She cackled. “Lanturn, use thunderbolt!”

"Skar, use-"

"I’m not that out of practice, Josh. Standard defensive set?"

"You know all too well."

I enjoyed a brief pause before I dove at the Lanturn. The Lanturn instantly dived under the water, but I was faster. Just as I flew overhead, I was able to lightly graze his back with a reflective feather, opening a small reddish purple gash.

“Turn!” The Lanturn yelped in reply, bulbs lighting up fiercely with electricity. A bolt struck my wing, sending a charged pulse though my metallic coating. I swirled back, and landed safely on the pool’s ledge in a flurry of metallic feathers.

“TURN!” He screeched again, sending another bolt of electric power surging though my frame. I gazed silently with mocking intensity in his sad attempts to overpower me in battle.

“R…Reeern!” The lantern shook again, sending another powerful shock though my core. It looked exhausted though the effort.

"How are you doing, Skarr?"

"As well as you want me to be. Taking hits like always. Hurting, suffering for your victory."

"Seriously."

"Excellent. Would you expect anything less from your defense extraordinaire?"

"Absolutely not." Josh smirked.

Another flurry of feathers surrounded me as I continued using Roost. The damage dealt to me continued to melt off faster than Lanturn could accumulate it, and soon I was bordering full health.

I continued my mocking smile at the Lanturn, knowing it couldn’t harm me. It growled and continued shocking me, but with my now pure steel typing it felt like little more than a pleasant buzz.

“Laaaan!” The Lanturn whined, trying to electrocute me again but failing due to lack of energy.

“So what, is this your game? Keep healing until I get so bored I’m forced to forfeit?” Misty scoffed.

“Or until your Lanturn faints from poison, yeah.” Josh grinned.

Misty’s eyes shot open as she looked at her Lanturn, now glowing a slight shade of purple.

“Damn it!” She cursed, eyes darting back and forth as she tried to formulate a plan. “L-Lanturn, use Ice Beam!”

"Pretend that will do something to me, hmmm Josh?" I mocked.

"Haha, indeed."

The Ice beam clashed harmlessly against my smooth silver completion. The Lanturn charged up another thunderbolt as well, but cringed as another dose of toxins enveloped its being. Feathers swirled around me, but as of now they were more of a formality.

In a final uneventful conclusion, the Lanturn shot one final burst of electricity, then stopped moving and simply floated on top of the light blue pool of the Cerulean Gym.

"What a difficult battle!" I jested towards Josh, "Truly you place me at my limits."

"Don’t get too cocky now, it’s only uphill from here."

"Luckily for me, I have wings."

Josh gave me a quiet smirk as he waited for Misty to select her next Pokemon.

“Go, Tentacruel!” Misty shouted, throwing a red and white sphere into the air.

"Josh…?" I questioned, now unnerved. I had no moves to damage a poison type…

"On it. We wouldn’t want you to have ALL THE FUN, now would we? It would be rude of our other companions~" He hummed.

"Absolutely." I agreed. "I can think of a certain annoying little mouse that would love a water opponent…"

"My thoughts precisely. Return, Skarr, and go get ‘em, Stat!"

*209*2013-03-07 02:43

(Static POV)

“CH-KAAAAAAAAAAAH!”

This was it. Me or them, and I had to make sure it wasn’t me. Every muscle was tensed, every cell in my being was poised at attention. I didn’t lose. I didn’t fall, and I never fainted. This was my redemption, my call back into the realm of battle and success.

"Static-" Josh called out, preparing his instructions for battle. I glared at my opponent, and listened intently.

"-Standard set electric."

My favorite.

“CHAAA!” I shouted, dashing across the tiles to the pool and leaping at the Tentacruel. My paws smashed together in front of the Tentacruel causing the large mass to flinch back suddenly, disturbing the water in the pool. I used my momentum to bounce off one of the Tentacruel’s red pustules, and flew into the air, sending a wave of electricity smashing into my foe. A deep rumbling sound echoed though the gym.

"You think you can best me, cretin? We are the TITANS of the sea!" A dark, baritone voice reverberated through my mind. A tentacle broke though the waves and recoiled like a whip, then lashed out and struck me in midair.

I spun and landed on the opposite wall, glaring down my opponent. The waters in the pool had now become a fierce, dark lavender, and the once calm pool was thrown into chaos as waves and whirlpools threatened anyone who got too close.

I sprinted towards the pool one more, and leapt towards the kraken. A long, slimy tentacle broke though the waves and caught me in midair, and drug me under the water. It began constricting me, rending what little oxygen I had to begin with, and dragging me closer to the terrifying, gaping maw of the Tentacruel.

"Accept your defeat with honor, for you were never a match for me…" The deep, commanding voice shook my mind.

"Dude, I’m pretty sure I’ve already won." I grinned, even though no one could see. I bit down on the tentacle restricting me, and sent the strongest jolt of electricity at the monster I could.

###

(Josh POV)

That’s the Static I know!

The Tentacruel convulsed with the electrical surge before bobbed on the waves, floating off on the mild current it had created.

"Static!" I called out, concerned that he hadn’t surfaced yet. It was possible that he was still tangled underwater, in which case he may have passed out. I took a step back and prepared to dive in the pool. Pokemon venom was lethal to humans, and by the dark purple waves I knew that it was still potent, but if Static stayed fainted underwater he could die. I took a deep breath and prepared myself.

I’m healthy. I should be able to last at least an hour before the toxins do irreversible damage, which means about forty minutes of time conscious. I rescue Static – that would take about three minutes, in which time I also become infected – then Misty and the like take me to the hospital, which is only twenty minutes away. I’ll survive.

Despite my thought process, I was already running to the pool. Thankfully, Static’s head broke though the waves, and I stopped myself. He sucked in a mouthful of air, and waved from the pool.

I panted, terrified about what I almost did, and thankful that Static didn’t need saving.

"Nice job, Static!"

"You know it!" He grinned. "Who’s next?"

*210*2013-03-14 02:44

(Josh POV)

"You would have DIED."

"Naw, I would have lived."

"With massive brain damage, maybe."

I grinned. "So no difference?"

Sandy rolled her eyes, and gave me an annoyed yet amused smirk. "Be careful, will you?"

"Always." I lied.

Static stood loyally by my side, along with Nova, Skar, and Myst. Sandy stood to my left, petting her larger-than-average Wigglytuff as we talked. Misty walked towards us, taking her time as she meandered around the gym.

“Have we earned the badge?” I questioned, smiling.

“It was never a question of whether you earned the badge; from the first time we fought you met the prerequisites. You fought me again for a different reason.” Misty responded.

“Oh?”

“You wanted to earn my respect.”

“And?”

“You demonstrated strategy in battle, trust in your Pokémon, and the willingness to sacrifice yourself for the sake of your team. You have earned my respect.” Misty concluded, tossing a light blue badge in my direction. I caught it, and briefly admired it in my palm. “Now get out of here before you poison yourself.” She concluded, grinning.

We bid her farewell, and walked out of the humid, warm chlorinated building. Sandy stood by my side, and our Pokémon all trailed at our heels. A light breeze tugged at my jacket and the grass beneath our feet as the sun set on another wondrous Kanto day. The sky began its transformation from blue to black, and the moon was already present in the cloudless sky.

“Want to head back to the Center, get a room?” Sandy asked, turning to me.

“On a beautiful night like tonight?”

“Eh, there will be other pretty nights; ones where comfortable beds won’t be so close by.”

“Do you have a problem roughing it?”

Sandy’s eyes sparked with the accusation.

“You think I would have a problem with sleeping outdoors?” She asked, with a hint of venom in her words.

“Well, I know you’re not as accustomed with the wilderness as I am.” I lightly taunted. Her gaze turned from one of anger to one of inquisition, almost as if we were playing a game with an unclear, dark purpose. When she didn’t speak up immediately, I added, “Since I am a trainer. A few badges under my belt, and I know I can handle any wild Pokémon that could come up.”

“And I couldn’t?”

“I didn’t say that.”

“It was implied.”

I shrugged. “Well, some are powerful, and I know you aren’t as strong as-”

“Strong as?”

“…Never mind.”

“No.” She smirked, jabbing an accusing finger into my chest. “Say it.”

“I know you aren’t as strong as me, from a battle perspective.” I mumbled.

“Just because I have weaker Pokémon, right?” Her eyes shone suddenly, and I had the feeling of walking into a trap, with the iron fangs looming over me. Still, I felt a strong urge to defend myself. I had beaten her…twice…one time so much so her main Pokémon ended up in the hospital with a concussion. I should answer her honestly. If our Pokémon were on even level, do I think I still would have won?

“I believe I still would…because I have spent more time training, and because I have more experience.” I stated shakily. Sandy ran ahead of me, with an unnerving grin.

“So if we were ever to battle, somehow, on even terms…I wouldn’t stand a chance?”

“I-I didn’t say that.” I mumbled awkwardly.

“Would you wager on it?”

“Depends on the wager.”

“Dinner and a movie. Loser has to pay.”

Those were terms I could agree on.

“Okay…” I smiled cautiously. “If the situation should arise, where somehow we both have similarly leveled Pokémon with the same amount of training, yes, I would accept your wager.”

“Excellent.” Sandy grinned, entwining her fingers together like an evil mastermind. “By the way, nice fighting. Facing and beating two gyms in one day is almost unheard of.”

“I had awesome help.” I smiled.

“Still though, you must be a bit fatigued, and your Pokémon as well. Perhaps a vacation is in order?”

I heard the slow, rusty sound of a mechanical trap jaw shutting closed.

“Vacation?” I asked, meekly.

“I just so happen to have tickets, you see…” Sandy fished out a ticket out of her pocket that was terribly crinkled. “…to the Sinnoh Battle Park. Me plus one, naturally. Seeing your impressive victory, I was wondering if you would accompany me.” She smirked.

No words came out of my mouth as I stared at her in questionable concern. One did not simply ‘Acquire Sinnoh Battle Park’ tickets, as they were reserved for only the best of the best of trainers. Beating the elite four was simply a pre-requisite for obtaining a ticket. Spectators of the park paid thousands just to get a nose bleed seat to watch the champions of the world duke it out on a grand, giant stage. This was the opportunity of a lifetime, but a burning question still remained.

“How on EARTH did you get that?!” I blurted.

“Oh this?” She flashed her ticket again, smirking at my bewildered expression. “Meh, I’ve had it awhile.”

“But how did you get it!?”

Sandy’s face took a darker turn, and suddenly she appeared much more solemn than usual. “I don’t want to be treated differently. I like you for who you are, and I want you to like me for who I am right now. I don’t want any of this to change, okay?”

I gave her a perplexed, bewildered, questioning look.

“Sandy’s short for something.” She responded quietly.

No.

“My full name’s Alessandra.”

No way. Nope. This is a trick.

“I run the Battle Factory in the Sinnoh battle park.”

I knew Alessandra. I knew ALL the frontier brains and Tycoons by heart. They were in all the papers, and they were all trainers talked about. They were the best of the best, usually interviewed mocking the trainers that had tried to face them. It fit too well…

“My mom is Dahlia; she runs the Battle Arcade.”

My brain slowly started to melt as the pieces slid into place.

“Ever since Thorton retired ten years ago, they hired me to fill in his place.”

“Y…you only would have been ten!” I stuttered.

“It’s not hard; I beat the elite for when I was seven.”

My jaw hurt from being unnaturally extended for so long. Did she train the Pokémon that beat the elite four from such a young age!? Compared to her I was nothing, a seventeen year old without all of his badges, let along the elite four beyond me. Did I even know her?

“…Do you see me differently now?” Alessandra asked quietly, with a hint of sadness in her voice. I looked at the ground, thoughts racing. How had I even developed feelings for this person that I hadn’t even knew? What else didn’t I know about her? Upon reflection, she really hadn’t told me much about herself at all… I didn’t know what siblings she had, what her middle name was, or even if her parents were still alive.

…I knew nothing…

“…Do you want to talk?” Sandy asked politely. Our Pokémon around us stopped their own conversations, and looked at us curiously now that we had gone silent. For a rare time, we returned them to their Pokeballs, excusing ourselves for an evening alone.

“Yes please…” I nodded, head still bowed. We found a quiet clearing in the trees, with the gentle bubbling of a brook nearby. Sandy placed down a blanket, and we laid upon it together, watching the night sky, and listening to each other’s slow, calm breaths.

“So…what do you want to know?” Sandy asked lightly, breathing into the cold, night air.

*217*2013-03-20 21:35

(Sandy POV)

“What’s it like?”

“…Stressful, at times. Exhilarating. Only a small amount of time is actually spent fighting, you know. Much more is spent studying, looking over the logs of the battle, figuring out what you did wrong, or right, and how you can improve.”

“…Why did you come to Kanto?”

I shifted uncomfortably on the sheet. “G-get away, I guess.”

“From what?”

“…Everything.” I sighed. “There’s…a lot of pressure. I’m not just a Frontier Brain, I’m Dehlia’s daughter. People expect me to be the best, everyone wants a battle, and if I were to ever lose, it ends up all over the papers, and I would get calls non-stop. Battling became less of a sport and more of a force of pure stress, where if I slip up just once it’s like I can’t breathe for days.”

“You don’t like it?”

“No…” I sighed, frustrated with myself. “I like it, It’s just a bit much some days. Kanto is different, it’s calm. I can put my hair down and I won’t be hunted by the paparazzi, and if I have a battle it can be for fun and not for keeps. Plus, well…”

“What?”

“I like it because you’re here.” I smiled awkwardly. “I get vacations every so often, and lately I’ve spent them all in Kanto just to visit you. You didn’t like me because I was the best, or because I was famous; you liked me for who I was.”

Josh didn’t respond after that. His eyes were closed, and he rested his head on his hands. His breathing was deep and calm, and he seemed to be sleeping.

“Penny for your thoughts?” I prodded.

“…I don’t know.” He replied. “Perhaps I feel a bit distant. I do like you, and I’m flattered that you would choose to spend your time outside battles with me, but at the same time Alessandra is who you are also. I feel as if you’ve only revealed a portion of yourself to me, and that there’s more that I don’t know about you then I do. I feel a bit lost.”

My throat tightened. Why did I feel guilty? I had never really lied to him, I had just never really explained much about my past. Our texts were mostly superficial, and our conversations involved our plans for the future, not our events in the past. I knew a lot about him, mostly because I had asked. He asked as well, but I had always managed to divert his questions, and regain control of the conversation…

“I’m sorry.” I whispered, after a moment of silence. Josh continued to rest, though in sleep or deep thought I did not know.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” A voice rose from Josh. It wasn’t accusatory or sad; he simply asked it like a simple fact.

“I didn’t want you to see me like...” I faltered.

“Like I see you now?”

“…y-yeah.”

Silence enveloped the air once again. I shifted on the blanket once more, unable to get comfortable on the small, pinkish sheet. After struggling for a moment, Josh reached and put an arm around my stomach, and pulled me towards him. My head landed on his chest, and he held his arm around me, shielding me from the cool, night air.

Thump…thump…

“I can hear your heart.” I whispered, laying my head further on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. Josh ran his fingers though my hair and smiled.

The wind blew against us both, and I leaned closer towards him.

“How do you see me now?” I asked hesitantly.

A moment passed before he responded. “Well, I’m pretty sure I’m going to owe you dinner and a movie, so for one I’d call you a sneak.” He smiled, hugging me closer. I giggled at his unexpected conclusion, then rested my head back on his chest.

Thump.

“Honestly though.”

“Honestly? I...I guess I’m just a bit hurt. I wish you wouldn’t have kept this from me, and that I knew more about you.”

Thump.

I closed my eyes. “I’m sorry.”

“For me hurting or for your actions?”

“…Both…” I responded after some thought.

“Why? My feelings are my own concern, and as for your actions, you had your reasons, which were not illogical.”

“Your feelings are my concern!” I barked. Josh sat up and gave me a weird look.

“Why?” He asked, eyes covered with the shadows of the night.

“Because…you’re my boyfriend. And I care about you.”

Josh turned to me, a large grin appearing on his face. “D’aawwww!”

“Oh shut up!” I exclaimed, punching his shoulder. He grinned and rubbed his shoulder before we resumed our normal position.

Thump.

“Are you mad at me?” I asked.

“No.”

“Promise?”

“Promise.”

Thump.

“Do you have questions?”

“Yes. Right now though, I prefer the tranquility of the night over my slew of questions.”

“It really is beautiful tonight…”

“That she is.”

I turned and glared at Josh, who gave me a sheepish shrug and blushed.

“That was the cheesiest thing I’ve ever heard in my life.” I growled, swatting his nose with my hand.

“Yeah, well, take it or leave it.” He grinned, face momentarily flushed with color.

“I’ll take it.” I smiled, and leaned forward, pressing my lips against his.

“How kind of you…” He mumbled sarcastically though the kiss. He brushed my hair gently with one hand as we kissed, feeling the warm air of each other’s breath on our faces. Seconds turned to minutes in our embrace, and I pressed further into him as our kiss grew deeper and more intimate. Slowly, I moved my leg over his, and rested on top of him completely, still engaged in our kiss. I slipped, and in trying to regain myself pressed my knee into a place a knee shouldn’t be pressed into. Josh cringed instantly, shrinking back into the ground.

“Thorey!” I mumbled, re-arranging my weight appropriately.

“Isssh okay.” Josh slurred, still engaged in the kiss. I pressed my hand against his chest, and moved down, kissing his cheek, and slowly moving down his neck.

Thump…thump…thump…

I snaked my hand downward, rubbing against his chest and stomach, until I came over the fork in his legs. With the same hand, I started undoing the buttons.

Thump…thump…

Josh caught my hand, and held it in his own, and I felt him grin, laughing quietly to himself.

“Shut up, I don’t have a lot of practice here!” I flushed, pushing myself off his chest so I could look him in the eye. He smirked back at me, green eyes gleaming in the night. “What are you smiling at!?”

“Might look a bit scandalous, don’t you think?”

“What? Us in the woods?”

“No, the great and invincible Alessandra ousted as a pedophile.”

I jumped off him, startled. “What!?”

“I’m seventeen.” He grinned mischievously.

“Y…you’re what!? B-but you just graduated!”

“Skipped a grade.” He smirked. “Don’t worry, my birthday’s in two weeks, so you’re not too weird.” He winked.

I resumed my coy gaze. “You’re a piece of jailbait, you know that?”

“Oh shut up, you’re like barely two years older than I am.”

I looked him up and down, then looked back into his eyes. He cocked his head, and stared back into mine.

“Meh, you’re worth the scandal.”

“Pedo.” He grinned, laying down on the blanket.

“Jailbait.” I smirked, laying on top of him once more. He tried to sit up, but I pushed him back to the ground, and forced my way back into his mouth. He grinned in compliance, gently tugging at my hair with his hand, and with the other continuing to return my embrace. With added caution and a touch of mischief, I carefully repositioned my knee against his lower stomach.

“What are you-”

“Shhhh.” I ordered. I leaned back down, a large amount of my weight now shifted to his chest and now, lower stomach. We resumed kissing, and I continually applied pressure to his lower stomach.

“…Um…” Josh pulled away for a moment, wincing. “Can you…stop that? You’re…hurting me a bit.”

“Nothing?” I frowned.

“What do you-” Josh’s eyes flashed with recognition. “Oh. OH. Um, well, I guess I’m just dehydrated? I haven’t had much to drink today…”

“Well, we’ll have to fix that, won’t we? Wouldn’t want you to be dehydrated now.”

“Is that your only reasoning?” Josh grinned slyly.

“What other reason would I have?” I smirked, grabbing two water bottles out of my pack, and tossing him one. Josh opened his, and gave me a mock cheer with the bottle.

“So, rules? Are we just going to play last-man-standing?” He questioned, carefully sipping from the bottle.

“You can kneel if you want.” I smirked

*220*2013-03-28 03:42

(Josh POV)

I just finished off my bottle, and Sandy laid beside me finishing hers. The night was still, as the sun had long since set, giving way to the sea of stars which filled the night sky. The moon shone it’s brilliance against the tree leaves, dousing them with an off-white, ethereal glow.

“So when you lose…” I taunted my chocolate companion, “…what are we going to do about the, um, ‘after effects’?”

“That brook is nearby. When you lose…” She grinned. “…I’ll watch you wash off there.”

“It’s like fifty degrees out here. That water is going to be freezing!”

“You don’t have to be wearing your clothes to wash them.”

“I-I know that, but, I assumed, I mean, that, you know-”

“Awww, you’re cute when you’re flustered.”

“I am not flustered!” I blushed.

“Careful; if you get any redder you’ll burst a blood vessel.”

“I’m not-”

“Vooooool!” A voice quietly echoed through the forest.

I looked at Sandy, and she looked back at me with the same inquisitive expression.

“Voooool….” The voice echoed once more, filling the forest with the strange hum. Silently, I grabbed a Pokeball from my belt, and Sandy did the same.

Behind us, an array of prismatic lights met our gaze. Blues, purples, yellows and greens met our gaze in small, calm, floating balls of light. The trees nearby were now bathed in the serene glow, taking on a new, otherworldly color. The grass shone with different colors; some bathed in gold, and others a brilliant red. Time seemed to stop as we stood silently, watching these strange beings interact with their surroundings and changing their appearance with their multicolored glow.

“Vooooooool…” They hummed, content with floating around and admiring their surroundings.

“What are they?” I breathed lightly, stealing a questioning glance at Sandy.

“I don’t know; I left my phone in my bag. You check.”

“What?”

“The Pokedex app?”

“…What?”

“Oh, some trainer you are.” Sandy grumbled, stealing my phone, and pressing a quick series of keys. After a moment, she tossed my phone back at me.

“Give it a sec to load.”

We continued to watch the lights in silence, taking in the rare and beautiful sight. After a moment, my phone gave a small ‘ding’ of satisfaction, and I saw the new app that Sandy had installed. I quietly pressed the button, and held it before me, camera facing the lights.

“Volbeat.” A computerized voice spoke quietly in the darkness of the woods. “With their taillights aglow, Volbeat fly in a swarm, drawing colorful designs of light in the night sky.”

On my phone, it listed the stats and dietary habits of the strange Pokémon.

“Are you gonna catch one?” Sandy asked, her hand brushing against mine.

“Naw. Let’s leave them be.”

We watched them for a while longer, as they began to move as one, generating shapes in the light of the moon. Together, they swirling faster and faster, generating shape after shape with practiced proficiency. Triangles, circles, stars, and pentagons swirled into existence, gradually shifting in hues as if possessed by a singular, ever changing emotion. Reds twisted into oranges, which swirled into yellows, which melded into greens and then deep blues as the vortex of color and shapes melded on into the night.

Suddenly, the lights all went out in synchrony. The woods were once again thrown into darkness, with the only respite being the shimmering light from the moon.

“And you wanted to stay inside.” I mocked, bumping playfully against Sandy.

###

“Mmmmmm…”

“Mmm?”

“Mmmmm.”

I crossed my legs lightly, and rested my head in my hands. A soft breeze blew against the tender grass beneath our blanket, but despite that, I was warm. Sandy laid haphazardly across my chest; our lips inches apart, content for now with just small words. Her body warmed my own…or perhaps it was the blanket? Or, perhaps it was the warmth filling my bladder; a fact that Sandy was far too well aware. I wasn’t uncomfortable yet, but my need was apparent, and I felt a pleasant but growing buzz of urgency gnawing around my lower stomach.

“How you doing?” Sandy purred in my ear.

“Okayish.” I responded, stroking her hair. “You?”

“Mmmmm…less okayish.” She fidgeted.

“Oh?”

“I had a head start.” She winced.

“Oh, did you now?” I questioned, sliding my arm across her waist, then pressing lightly against her bronze abdomen.

“Hey!” She jolted, slapping my hand away.

“What?”

“You’re not allowed to touch me there!” She belittled, a mock look of shock crossing her face.

“Oh come on! You’ve touched me there twice tonight alone!” I yelped.

“So? Doesn’t mean you can touch me.” She smiled, and snuggled closer to me with a sly grin crossing her face.

“Oh, I’m just not allowed to touch you at all now, is that it?”

“Yup.”

“But we’re touching right now!” I protested.

“I forgive you.” She giggled, pressing further into me, as if using me as a giant pillow. I rolled my eyes.

The night continued, gracing us with tranquility and contentment. After a moment or two, Sandy shifted again, and pressed against herself lightly.

“I can help you with that.”

Sandy glared at me with mock indignation.

“Keep your hands free.” I smirked.

“And you’d be willing to bear that burden, just for me?”

“Absolutely, my queen.” I purred.

“Well, in that case…absolutely not.” She flicked my nose quite hard, making a cracking sound against the cartilage.

“Ow!” I yelped, and instinctively covered my injured appendage.

“Shit, I did NOT mean to flick you that hard. Are you okay!?” Sandy quickly sat up, a look of shock crossing her face. A dark thought crept into my mind as

I continued covering my nose.

“Uh, yeah, I’m fine, don’t worry about it.” I muttered, still covering my nose.

“Oh my gosh, are you bleeding? Shit, shit, shit! Let me see it! Oh my gosh I’m so sorry! I was just messing around I swear!”

“I’m fine!” I continued to insist.

“Is it bleeding? Did I break it? Let me see it!” Sandy whispered, wide-eyed. She pulled at the hand covering my nose gently but firmly, visibly terrified about what she might see.

“F-fine, but don’t freak out.” I pleaded. She pulled on my hand once more. “Promise.”

“P-promise.” She squeaked. She pulled away my hand, revealing…

Nothing. I looked up and flashed one of my famous carefree smiles, and watched her expression turn from one of shocked terror to one of slow, smoldering anger.

“…you…you….YOU SON OF A BITCH!” Sandy shouted glaring at me with her perfect caramel, shimmering eyes. “I thought I BROKE IT! You…you-!”

I snatched her by the waist and pulled her in for a kiss. For a few moments, I felt her angry, hot lips against my own, as she tried to convey her aggression in a pure intimate form. After few seconds, she growled and ended this kiss, glaring daggers into my own, carefree emerald eyes.

I leaned to sit up, but she pressed her hand on my chest and forced me back to the ground.

“No.” She growled, pressing her weight into her palm, keeping me pinned to the floor. “You don’t get to get up now! I’m mad at you!”

“But aren’t you happy that I’m okay? Doesn’t your joy at my health surpass your anger for my farce?”

“No. I’m still ups-” Sandy grimaced lightly, and pressed her hand roughly against her groin, grumbling something unintelligible.

“Ooooh, that bad huh?” I smirked coquettishly.

“S-shut up.”

“Let me help you with that…” I shifted my weight suddenly, knocking her off balance, and causing her to land roughly at my side. Before she could protest, I managed to get the upper hand, and rolled on top of her less than modest form.

“Hey!” Sandy yelped as I rolled on top of her. “What are you doing!?”

“Distracting you.” I pressed my lips against hers, and slid my arms down her sides, relishing the warmth and the smooth feel of her auburn skin.

“…Mmmmmm ‘k…” She mumbled, emotions forgotten in the sudden kiss.

