The Sphere - Page 7

Author: SashaButters

*151*2016-01-15 02:26

{{:

Damn, I didn't think you'd want to make it that long.

}}

There's still so much plot left to tell though

*154*2016-01-17 20:54

Crystal’s words rang in her ears while she lined up with the other cadets outside the locked steel door that was supposed to hold their first lesson of the day. Anti-psychotics? Did that mean her parents thought she was crazy? She already knew the Doctor that prescribed her that medication thought she was crazy, but still. She didn’t think something like that would end up on her record. She had purposely left out the detail that her brother was alive when interviewed by the government doctor to avoid this very predicament! They had specifically stated that people with mental problems couldn’t join. So then why did they allow her to join if they knew she was taking crazy pills? That was the real question. Did they not know what they were for? What if they found out and made her leave?

“You don’t look so good.” Crystal said snapping her out of her thoughts.

“Huh?” Sasha asked.

“You’re breathing hard. You okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine!” Sasha said. Her voice came out just a pitch too high to be believable, and she noticed she had been fidgeting out of agitation the whole time. Her breath, while still quiet, came in faster and harder than normal. Was she seriously about to have a panic attack over this? Sasha didn’t have panic attacks! What the hell? She had to snap out of it, this wasn’t like her!

“You sure?”

“Yeah.” Sasha said after a moments pause sounding much more believable. Something’s happening to me. This isn’t right!

A loud buzzing sound filled the hallway they stood waiting in and the large, grey metal door slowly swung in with a heavy groan. The cadets peeked their heads in one by one before slowly filing in. When Sasha finally was able to get a good look at what lay beyond, a wide smile stretched across her face as the worries that had plagued her mind quickly disappeared.

Her eyes shone brightly as she gazed upon the wall of weaponry that hung on display just waiting for her. Rifles, pistols, laser guns, grenades, knives of all shapes and sizes were mounted around the room separated by size and type. One wall displayed energy weapons while the other housed the automatics. Now this was what she had been waiting for! She couldn’t help herself; she just had to hold one in her hands. Sasha had her eye on a particular long double-barreled shotgun, but her heart sunk when she picked it up off the mount. It was nothing but plastic!

“They’re all fake!” She complained putting the faux weaponry back on its stand.

“You think we’re going to let new recruits just grab guns off the wall?” An intimidating voice said behind her. She cringed as she slowly turned around knowing exactly who’d she’d find standing right behind her. At least he wasn’t holding a mop in his hands, she thought. “Sit!” He growled at her. Sasha gulped and quickly made her way to an empty desk.

She had been so mesmerized by the decorations; she hadn’t noticed this was a classroom. At least it was no ordinary classroom. Off to the side of the room was a large locked cage she knew just had to be an armory of some kind. Why they locked the weapons up, she had no idea. They were avatars, it’s not like they could kill anyone!

Gun safety, that’s what the class ended up being about! Gun safety in virtual reality. Sasha just wanted to cry and pull her hair out! Here she was so close she could almost tastes it, and yet here she was stuck in a desk listening to her least favorite person in the entire virtual world handling plastic figures and naming the parts. Who in the world cared? She mumbled something unintellible as she rested her face against her closed fist.

Mr. Clean’s voice droned on and on while Sasha’s eyes grew heavier and heavier. This was so boring, she thought resting her eyelids for a moment. There was a cutesy jingle coming from somewhere in the background. Something about it sounded so familiar. Was someone’s cellphone going off or- Oh! Now she remembered! That was the sound the desk made right before it was about to…uh-oh…zzzaaapppp!

“Ahh!” Sasha shouted hopping up out of her chair as she clutched her sore bottom. Once she recovered from the shock of getting her butt hairs singed off, she looked around to find every eye focused on her. Worse was the look on Mr. Clean’s face. His expression was not of anger, but of mischievous glee. A sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach told her she’d probably prefer him angry.

“Well, well, well. Look whose the first to discover the H.R.D’s” He said. “This is what happens when someone falls asleep in class. Now tell me, am I boring you, Miss Brindey?” It’s a trap!

“N-no,” Sasha stuttered out nervously. Her hands were trembling as she balled them into sweaty fists by her side.

“Then why were you falling asleep?” Don’t answer him, just stay quiet. “Well?” He said sounding impatient. “I’m waiting.”

“I already know how to fire a gun!” She spat out quickly before she could stop herself.

“Oh? Are my classes too basic for you? Oh! I know! How about you show the class what an excellent marksman you already are?” Sasha remained frozen in place. What was going on? What was he doing? “Everything you see on the wall is what we have in stock. Pick one and I’ll go get it for you.” Sasha’s eyes were immediately drawn to the plastic shotgun from earlier. “Let’s make a deal. If you can hit the target, we’ll stop this boring and basic lesson. We’ll jump right into practical field drills on the firing range.”

“What if she misses?” David asked from the back of the room with a snicker. “I don’t want to suffer if her shot is anything like her IQ.” Anger was quickly replacing the fear from earlier as giggling erupted from the room. Word of her accident had quickly spread it seemed. She gritted her teeth so hard she thought they might chip.

“Hmm, let’s see,” Mr. Clean said. “We already know she can use a mop.”

“She can take over tonight’s custodial shift by herself.” A woman in the front piped up.

“Cleaning the showers by herself it is!” Mr. Clean shouted with glee before finalizing it with a thunderous clap of his large hands. Wait…didn’t she get a say in this? “Pick a weapon, Brindey, we don’t have all day.”

Pick the smallest one. Sasha blinked in confusion as she looked around the room for the speaker, but everyone remained quiet. Pick the smallest one. There it was again! A voice, as if someone was standing besides her whispering in her ear. Crystal? Sasha thought turning on her heels half expecting to see a head of green hair standing beside her, but when she looked, Crystal sat on the opposite side of the room. Sasha shrugged it off and chalked it up to her imagination. The last thing she needed was to be hearing voices on top of everything.

Sasha headed straight for the gun she had set her sights on earlier. She had the most experience with shotguns after all, so it only made sense, or so she convinced herself. She silently held up her choice. Her heart sunk a bit when Mr. Clean smiled a wide toothy grin. Why did she get the feeling this was bad news?

“That’s a man’s gun! Shouldn’t you pick a little pistol instead?” David heckled from the back.

“How did I know you’d go for a shotgun?” Mr. Clean asked ignoring David’s comment as she he reached into his pocket for his keys. Sasha gripped the toy gun nervously in her shaking hands as he opened up the cage and ducked inside. Within seconds he returned with the real thing. It was beautiful, she thought staring in awe of its long freshly polished metal barrel and sleek frame. She gingerly took it from his outstretched hands and-Oh crap! It was heavy! She hadn’t accounted for this thing having weight!

She looked at the gun in her hands and then back up at him. Should she admit she made a mistake in her selection and choose something lighter? No, she couldn’t do that! Her pride was on the line here; she’d just have to compensate for the weight. The shotgun probably looked almost comical in her tiny arms. It looked almost as big as she was!

“So where’s the target?” Sasha finally asked. With a snap of Mr. Cleans fingers, the room immediately changed before her eyes. No longer were the students in desks, but sitting in the floor in the middle of an indoor gun range. The cadets quickly stood and got out of the way.

“I believe you already know how that works.” He said directing her towards the corner of the room. There the familiar patterns on the floor instructed her to stand in front of the scanner. She gulped knowing what it was about to do. Please, aliens or robbers or something! Anything but- the class collectively let out a howl of laughter letting her know exactly what had happened. Stupid brain scanner! A single orange pony stood smiling menacingly on the other end of the range. “It helps encourage accuracy when the thing the person fears the most is the target.”

The class collectively giggled again remembering her fear test. She let out a sigh and stood facing her target. Sasha held the shotgun up and tried her best to aim, but her trembling arms weren’t used to the weight. No pressure, she thought breathing in and out. The last things she remembered were pulling the trigger, the deafening blast and hurtling backwards towards the ground before blacking out.

###

Sasha slowly opened her eyes to find herself lying naked on the same exam table that had previously healed her back the day before. Warmth radiated through her extremities from the table underneath her.

“Our first casualty has awoken!” the doctor announced. Sasha slowly sat up once the table clicked off to find Crystal sitting in a chair across from her looking her up and down. Sasha let out an “eep” and tried to cover herself, but the older girl merely rolled her eyes. “You’ll get over it in a week tops.” He said with a chuckle. “There’s always one of you overly modest types.” Sasha winced at being reminded she had to shower in front of everyone. She skipped a shower this morning after chickening out in the locker room full of naked women.

“What happened?” Sasha finally asked.

“You played right into Barkley’s hands.” Crystal said with a wince. “He knew you’d never handled a real weapon before outside a partial dive. You weren’t in the proper stance so the re-coil sent you flying.”

“I take it I didn’t make it?” Sasha asked as disappointment crashed over her like a wave.

“Well, that’s the shocker. You hit the target right between the eyes.”

“Yes!” Sasha said with a fist pump to the air. “Wait, what else happened?”

“When you fell, you sort of managed to shoot yourself in the foot.”

“I shot myself in the foot!?” Sasha asked looking at both her perfectly normal feet. “Did I hit my head too? Why’d I pass out?”

“You fainted at the sight of your own blood.”

Sasha grumbled. “Did I really shoot myself in the foot though? It looks fine to me.” Crystal stood and began pulling a boot covered in blood out of the trashcan before handing it to her. “Woah!” Sasha said staring at the gaping hole through the top. She really did blast a hole in her foot.

“Good thing we have this.” The doctor said patting the table. “It’ll fix any injury you got.”

“Can I have my uniform back, please? It’s a little chilly.” Sasha asked.

“Err, well, it’s in the trash.” Crystal said as she made eye contact with the doctor. “Since we had to throw your boots away, we tossed the uniform away as well since it had blood on it. I’ll get you another one from our room.” Sasha narrowed her eyes suspiciously. That logic made no sense! She hopped off the table and stuck her arm in the trash before retrieving her uniform. Blood covered the bottom left pant cuff, but what caught Sasha’s attention was the giant wet patch down both the inside of the legs. “You may have also wet yourself on the landing.” Crystal finally admitted.

“And your friend still carried you here on her back.” The doctor said with a grin.

“Berkley also told me to tell you when your better, you know what to do.” Crystal said jabbing her thumb in the corner of the room to the awaiting mop.

*156*2016-01-17 23:14

{{:

A fine outcome, eh? So basically, two shotgun shots were fired at that moment; one to the pony with 100% accuracy, and then another to her own feet. What about the recoil on the second shot? It does feel nice though, how despite everything (shooting herself, wetting herself again, etc) she STILL hit the target. Now that's badass.

Anyway, it looks like Sasha's hearing voices now, huh? I wonder how that works. Is he really psychotic... or is someone trying to communicate with her?

}}

Getting thrown back by the recoil was to show she didn't know as much as she thought she did. Hence she got hurt because she wasn't in the proper position. Basically if she would have paid attention, she would have learned the correct stance, footwork etc. She learned a painful lesson but still got to show off ^^

As for the other part… that's the mystery dundundun :D

*160*2016-01-18 04:30

{{:

It is more likely she fired one barrel at the pony then fell back and fire the second into her foot when she hit the ground. Depending on what kind of double barrel shotgun it was that would either require pulling the trigger again or pulling the second trigger.

Unless it was a 10 or 8 gauge beast picking the bigger one was a better choice. You feel less recoil out of a heavy gun wood and steel gun than a light weight tactical thing in the same caliber. But having the thing properly set into your shoulder is important.

}}

Exactly! She accidentally pulled the trigger a second time on the way down. As for that other part, I actually don't know anything about guns, I'm stealing all the names from video games haha

*161*2016-01-24 06:21

Chapter 24

“Thank you,” Sasha said softly while Crystal and herself walked side by side down the hallway. She was so embarrassed she could barely get the words to come out. In less than 24 hours Sasha’s confidence had all but vanished, leaving her feeling synonymous with the little girl she resembled.

Something about this entire situation was different. When Becca went into the Sphere it was like she could become someone else, even if it was just an act. Of course she knew Becca was Sasha and vice versa, but it was still nice to pretend. That was the beauty of the Sphere. On the days you can’t even bring yourself to look in the mirror, you could log in and be someone different. In the Sphere, you could be anyone you wanted to be, but in this place something was off. She couldn’t hide behind the mask that was Sasha. How many years had she spent perfecting her tough girl image only to have it shatter in the presence of another avatar?

That’s it! That’s all Barkley was! He was just someone else’s avatar. All she had to do was picture some scrawny 40 – year- old virgin living in his mother’s basement. She smiled as a flicker of hope danced in her eyes.

“What do we have next?” Sasha asked.

“Conditioning, since we missed psychology.”

“What? How long was I out for?”

“About two hours.”

“Oh.” Sasha said trying her best to try and hide the smile that had begun growing across her face.

“What?”

“You carried me over and stayed there for two hours?”

“I-it wasn’t like that.” Crystal grumbled red faced while she tried to play it off. “I was just going to leave you there, but the doctor was on his lunch break.”

“Uh-huh, sure.”

“…But when he came back he said he didn’t want your dirty clothes on the table. When he tried to undress you, you took a swing at him in your sleep so I had to stay and hold you down.”

“Sure I did.”

“…and Barkley was pissed, so It’s not like I really wanted to go back there anyway.”

“Tsundere.”

“Shut up! Eh? Don’t touch me!” Crystal grumbled staring away.

“Thank you, I mean it.” Sasha whispered clinging on.

“D-don’t mention it. Now can you get your head out of my chest?” Crystal said forcefully pushing her off.

“Not my fault you’re so tall!”

“I’m only 5’5! I’m not tall; you’re just really short! Now c’mon, midget, Barkley’s going to be pissed if we’re late.”

“I’m not a midget!” Sasha complained crossing her arms.

“Fine, would you prefer little girl?” Crystal teased patting her head condescendingly. “Seriously though, what were you thinking back there grabbing a shotgun bigger than you are? Ever heard of recoil?”

“Now I have.” Sasha mumbled. “You want to hear something really weird? I could have sworn I heard a voice telling me to pick something small.”

“That’s the voice of common sense; you should probably listen to it.”

“No, I’m serious! It’s like someone was standing right next to me whispering in my ear.”

“Out loud?” Crystal asked. Her teasing smirk fell into a frown as Sasha nodded her head. “Look, just, do yourself a favor and never mention that again.”

“Why not?” Sasha asked puzzled.

“This place, it…” Crystal sighed trying to find the best way to put this. “Mental illnesses… just don’t talk about it! Hearing voices is never a good thing; they might think the stress is too much for you.”

“It was just my imagination.” Sasha said, but remained quiet the rest of the way there.

That’s right, she thought remembering her mental evaluation. “We can fix the body, but we can’t fix the brain.” Was what they told her. “We only accept candidates of sound mind.” Would they kick her out if they knew she had heard something? It was only one time though! It was as Crystal said, best keep it to herself at this point. It was a good thing she lied and said Brian was dead. But there was still that one question nagging her in the back of her mind. Why did they let her join if they knew she was taking anti-psychotics?

Sasha had to bite down on her fist to keep from letting out an audible groan when the door swung open. Barkley again? How many classes did Mr. Clean teach? It took her a second to realize she was standing outside the very same door they had had gun safety in. This must be his classroom, she thought.

“Brindey!” He shouted when he made eye contact with her. She jumped slightly and took a step back. “Where’s your mop?” He barked at her. She cringed as she realized she had forgotten it.

“In the infirmary.”

“Get it and clean this mess up!” Sasha immediately turned tail and made a beeline straight back from where she came. “Faster! We’re waiting on you!” Sasha quickened her pace as she chanted in her head, 40-year-old virgin 40-year-old-virgin.

Once she was done cleaning up another puddle of her bodily fluid, she stood in place feeling awkward as she looked for somewhere to put the mop. When no one told her what she was supposed to do, she leaned it against a corner of the room and headed to join the other cadets.

“Nu-uh.” Said Barkley. Sasha looked up at him unsure of what she was supposed to do. “That is your mop now; I think it’s fair to say you’ve claimed it as your own. Keep it with you at all times because I have a feeling you’ll be using it again real soon. “ Sasha stood in place feeling dumbfounded. Did he really expect her to carry a mop with her everywhere she went? The look on his face answered her question so with an inaudible sigh; she dragged it with her to stand in line with the other cadets.

“What are you doing? Put it in your inventory!” He said in a tone that asked, Are you stupid? She shrunk back feeling every bit as small as she looked and gripped the mop tightly as if it would protect her from anything he could dish out. She opened up her menu and tried to put it away, but an error message displayed saying her inventory had been locked.

“I-I can’t!” she stuttered. Her knees buckled as her body trembled under his glare.

“What do you mean you can’t?” He asked getting in her face. Sasha gulped as he bent down to stare into her eyes. “Everyone knows how to put something in their inventory! How did you even get accepted here? I guess we’re just taking anybody these days!” Hot moisture burned behind her eyes as she tried her best to fight the tears that were forming. Her chest tightened to the point that every intake of air caused her pain. Her breathing became heavier and quicker with every breath. Not now, please not now! “Go home, you don’t belong here.” He whispered so only she could hear. She stood in place wide-eyed as blood rushed into her face. She wasn’t sure if her body wanted to run away or smack him upside the head with her pee and blood soaked mop.

“Our inventories are locked, sir.” Crystal’s voice spoke up from somewhere down the line.

“Was I talking to you?” Barkly shouted with his head now turned towards her. Crystal stood up straight with a blank expression on her face seemingly un-phased as he approached her. “What’s your name?”

“Crystal, sir.”

“No, your last name!”

“I don’t have one, sir”

“What do you mean you don’t have one?” He asked turning on his Sphere Vision to see her stats. “Why didn’t you give your avatar a last name?”

“I don’t know, I just didn’t I guess.” Crystal said calmly.

“Well, what’s your real last name?”

“I don’t know, sir”

“What do you mean you don’t know? Show me your chip!”

“I don’t have one.”

“Give me your arm!” Barkley shouted grabbed Crystal’s wrist and sliding his palm over the area that should have housed her chip. “What the hell?” He grabbed her other wrist and repeated the process. “You’re a fake! Wait until the directo-“

“The director invited me here.” Crystal said. “And I’m not a fake!” She said clearly taking offense to that.

A light seemed to click on in Barkley’s eyes as he let go of her wrists. “So you’re the special exception I heard about. You have five seconds to give yourself a last name or I’m calling you Loud Mouth for the rest of your time here.”

“Uhh, I’ve never really thought abo-“

“Five, four, three…”

“Kisara!” Crystal blurted out.

“Alright, Loud Mouth, what were you saying about the inventory?” He said ignoring her. Crystal’s eye twitched in annoyance. “You’re right, definitely not a fake.” He said more to himself. “Interesting.”

“Sasha can’t put the mop away because our inventories are locked for incoming cadets.” Crystal explained.

“Why didn’t you just say so?” He said staring back at Sasha, who had been quietly watching the scene unfold with great interest. Barkly made a black marker appear in his hands, before tossing it to Sasha. “It’s special ink. Write your name on the mop and it will over ride the rule.” She quickly did as she was told and soon the mop vanished out of her hands and into her inventory. When Barkley’s head was turned she quickly pocketed the marker. Tonight, when she free time, she was writing her name on a change of clothes and keeping them with her.

“Everyone take your boots off and put them over in the corner.” He ordered. Sasha inwardly moaned. It had taken her so long to lace them up and now she had to take them off not more than 20 minutes later. She bent over and unlaced the first one before hoisting her leg up into her hands as she tried to yank it off while hopping up and down on one foot. When she managed break free from the confines of the heavy boot she fell backwards and landed on her butt. What should have been a painful landing was somehow broken by something oddly soft and foamy.

Sasha looked down to see what she had landed on. She was surprised to see the once concrete floors had been replaced with soft white padding. She had been so pre-occupied with her boot she hadn’t noticed the change in scenery. The gun range was gone, and in its place all the cadets stood in a white padded room. Everything was cushioned from the floors to the ceiling; even the walls. All that was missing were the straight jackets.

“I’ve been told by the director to go easy on you since it’s your first day and all.” Barkley said rolling his eyes. “So all you have to do is get from one side of the room to the other and back. I don’t care how you do it: walk, run, crawl or skip. Just touch the other side of the wall, come back and then you’re free until after lunch.”

Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. Free time? There was still two hours left until lunch! She had expected conditioning to be hell, especially with Barkley leading the class, so why did this seem so easy? There had to be a catch.

“This is a gravitational belt.” Barkley said interrupting her train of thought as he held up a piece of black cloth. “You’ll each be wearing one during every work out. Cinch it around your waist and a menu will pop up with a number. Everyone sets their belts to 1.35 unless I say otherwise. Go get them!” He said pointing to a rack that appeared.

Sasha picked one up and held it in her hand. The material was lightweight and the clip was similar in design to a car seat belt. Once she had it fastened around her waist she touched the button in the middle, which glowed a bright blue in response. Arrows on the screen directed her to slide her fingers in a counter clockwise motion in order to increase the resistance. The resistance of what, she wasn’t quite sure. Was the belt supposed to get heavier or something?

A sudden yelp stole her attention and directed it to the middle of the room. One of the guys who hung out with David, Andrew she thought was his name, was lying flat on the ground pinned by an invisible force. He screamed in such a way all the hairs on Sasha’s neck stood straight up. She had never witnessed something quite like it before, and judging by the reactions of everyone else, neither had they. Everyone stood in place, as Andrew lay motionless from the neck down. All except for his head, which thrashed from side to side as he screamed for help.

“IT HURTS!” He screamed as if every bone is his body was breaking. Judging by the way his limbs were caving in, they were. The look in his eyes gave Sasha the creeps, but she stood still completely transfixed and watched with horror as he coughed up blood.

“Damn it! I told you not to raise it higher than 1.05!” Barkley yelled over the boys’ screams. “Nobody get close to him or you’ll be in the same boat!” He thrust his arm towards the clip on the boys’ waist, but when he was just a mere two inches from the device, his hand stopped moving. His eyes watered as his face turned a dark maroon and his face contorted from pain, but with a grunt he pushed forward despite the crack crack crack of his fingers breaking one by one. Ever so slowly his hand crept forward until it finally made contact, before his arm fell limp to the ground.

“Somebody get the doctor.” He said quietly. Andrew lay still spread-eagled, but no longer screaming. She wasn’t even sure if he was still breathing. Blood poured from his open mouth and dripped down his nose. Everyone remained frozen in place while Barkley panted from exhaustion.

Sasha was relieved when the doctor came and announced he was still alive. He ordered a few cadets to carry Andrew to his office and he’d be good as new. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief as they remembered where they were. It was virtual reality, it’s not like they could die, right?

“You should come too.” The Dr. told Barkley after seeing his hand hanging awkwardly by his side. Barkley tried to fight it, but the Doctor wasn’t having any of it. Sasha could already see the swelling in his wrist and hand. She was also pretty sure fingers weren’t supposed to bend that way. What the hell were these things?

“The belts can manipulate the gravitational force around you from your neck down. I better not see a single one you turn them on ‘cause I sure as hell am not gonna stick my last good hand in and save your ass.” Barkley said as a parting shot before he left. Sasha gulped nervously as she stood in place and watched them leave out of sight. Just how high did Andrew set his too?

“That guy seriously needs to get laid.” David said breaking the silence once they were out of earshot. Sasha forced herself to keep a straight face-even if she did find it kind of funny. She wasn’t going to give that dick the satisfaction of making her laugh.

“I don’t think I want to touch this thing after seeing what happened to Andrew.” One girl said. The group quickly agreed and stood talking amongst themselves.

“So why did you want to join?” A girl by the name of Jasmine asked. Everything about her reminded Sasha of the Disney princess of the same name. From the way she looked to the way she moved. Even the smallest of movements seemed dignified and graceful and could be easily set to music.

“The money mostly.” David replied with a shrug. Sasha frowned as they went around the room discussing why they were here. After hearing their answers, she couldn’t help but wonder how these people got in. They were all the same; if it wasn’t the money they were after it was about power and glory.

“What about you?” Someone asked. “I’m not really sure what your name is. I’ve only heard you get called Brindey.”

“It’s Sasha,” she replied. “At first I just wanted to help keep the Sphere safe, but now I’m here for answers.”

David rolled his eyes. “How noble of you.” He said with a snort. Sasha clenched her fists together as she tried to ignore him as best she could.

“Sorry if I sound like I’m prying, but what was up with your fear test? Ponies?” Jasmine asked. Sasha really didn’t want to talk about, but the five eager faces before her seemed to beg for answers.

“The first time I ever logged into the Sphere, back before the home consoles came out, an employee trapped me inside a My Little Pony game and made the NPC’s start killing each other in front of me.” She explained. Her heart was beginning to race inside her chest and her palms were wet with moisture. After all these years it was still difficult to talk about. She felt on the verge of an anxiety attack every time she was forced to relive it. The thing about P.T.S.D. is it doesn’t let you forget. Ever. Whether it was seeing some kid’s stuffed doll, or having to talk about it, it almost always came with a fresh wave of nightmares leaving her feeling just as terrified as she was when she was five. Tonight would probably be no exception. She understood it was a silly thing to be afraid of, but no matter how much she told herself it was stupid, the fear and panic were real.

“So what? You saw a few characters die when you were little and now you’re afraid of ponies? Get over it.” David said. Sasha really was about to pound his face in. Her little body trembled with anger as she clenched her fists and began pulling back, but a hand on her shoulder told her to cool it. She looked up to see Crystal shaking her head forcing her to try and calm down.

“What did you say about wanting answers?” Jasmine asked trying to break up the now awkward tension. Sasha paused as she tried to think of what she was going to say. She couldn’t tell them too much after all.

“Someone close to me is going through a lot of trouble by faking their death and I want to know why. Everyone but me believes they are dead. They even made a fake body and everything.”

“How do you make a fake body? What makes you so sure they’re alive?” David asked.

“Because we still talk through messages. Here, I’ll show you. They even sent me the recipe!” Sasha explained opening her messenger and projecting it out for everyone to see. “Read the conversation we had. I keep asking him if he’s okay over and over and see, he finally responded and told me he’s just laying low.” She swiped through so everyone could read them and pointed out the part about how to make a body. “See, he’s definitely alive!”

“Sasha,” Jasmine said smiling sympathetically. “You’re saying you saw him die, and that other people buried his body.”

“Yeah, but it was a fake. See, in the message he said-“

“Sasha, those messages all have the same IP address.”

“Yeah? So what? He probably just-“

“Sasha, please just stop. I can tell this person was very dear to you, but listen to yourself. These messages you showed us… you sent them to yourself.”

*165*2016-01-27 06:09

Getting warmer :)

*167*2016-02-01 07:13

Sasha remained quiet and distant all through out the rest of the class. Even during lunch she sat by herself lost in the world of her own thoughts. She moved the mashed potatoes around her plate with the fork instead of eating them. Eating at the moment seemed as unappealing as eating her moms dehydrated tuna casserole. Compared to the enthusiasm she displayed during breakfast, the sight looked downright pitiful. Instead she sat pretending not to be interested in the conversation going on at the next table over.

The rest of the cadets sat around Crystal hounding her with question after question. Crystal was none to pleased with the situation, more mildly irritated with the attention than anything, but she knew there was no way out unless she fulfilled their curiosity. It wasn’t her plan to sit with them, but as soon as she picked up her tray, she found herself surrounded from all sides.

“So you really don’t have a chip?” Jasmine asked.

“Nope,” Crystal replied between bites of meatloaf. It had taken all her willpower not to roll her eyes when David insisted on scanning her wrists as proof.

“So what does that mean?”

“I’ve been trying to figure that out for a long time. My user probably didn’t go through the proper channels when they made me.”

Sasha knew it was ridiculous, but somehow even though she had only known Crystal for less than two days, she felt a sharp sting of betrayal when she had left her to sit with the others. It was unlike her, she knew, to feel so possessive. Crystal could sit with whomever the hell she wanted, but something about her reminded her of him. It was something about the way she seemed to look out for her. Her chest tightened at the thought of Brian. She missed him more than ever right now. She knew if it was any other time she wouldn’t have cared, but the fact that Crystal had chosen to sit elsewhere after Sasha had just made a spectacle of herself spoke volumes. So now she sat alone listening in on a conversation she wasn’t invited to.

“What do you mean probably? You talk like you don’t know.”

“I don’t know,” Crystal responded with a shrug. “I only have memories as Crystal, not my real self. I have no idea who I am. The S.P.P promised to find me, but they haven’t had any luck yet.”

The term Oblitussui popped into Sasha’s head for some odd reason, but she couldn’t remember what it meant.

“So what makes you so sure you’re a real person and not an AI?” David asked. Crystal let out an annoyed sigh before answering.

“Because it’s almost impossible to control an avatar without a person behind it. You’d have to be some kind of genius or something. I’ve seen the fakes before; they’re entirely robotic. They show no emotion and their glitchy as hell.”

“But how have you gotten by all this time without a chip? There’s ID check points all over the Sphere.”

“With this.” Crystal said pulling a card out of her pocket. “It’s primitive, but it works,” She said passing over the laminated card.

“S.P.P., wait, so you already work for the S.P.P?” Jasmine asked looking over the card. “Then why are you here?”

Sasha looked up from her tray and eyed the group as they passed around Crystal’s ID card. She already worked for the S.P.P? This was news to her.

“Not officially, I do odd jobs for the director in exchange for that card. She said if I graduated, she’d look into getting me a chip.” Crystal explained.

“So this must be normal for you then, living in a full dive.” Another girl spoke, twirling her long, curly red hair in her fingers.

“Nope, this is all new to me. I’ve only been in a full dive for a couple of days.”

“So if you’ve only been in a full dive since we started, wouldn’t that mean they already got in touch with your real self in order to get the implants?” Jasmine asked.

“They said they put a device in my head that mimics the effects of the implants. I finally feel like a real person and not just a bystander watching someone from the inside all this time.”

“How sad.”

“Don’t look now, but that weird girls watching us.” David said. Sasha quickly dropped her head when all eyes turned to her.

“So does she, like, talk to dead people or something?” The red head asked.

“No,” David said with an annoyed snort, “She’s just making stuff up for attention. She sent those messages to herself.”

“I don’t think it’s for attention; didn’t you see the look on her face? I think she really thought they came from someone else.” Jasmine said.

“She told me during the testing she was upset because her brother moved. He might’ve died.” Crystal said.

“So her brother died and now she thinks he’s sending her messages? How sad!”

“That’s not sad; that’s creepy! She’s obviously messed up in the head!” David said.

“Not so loud!” Jasmine hissed at him. “She’ll hear you.”

“You should report her to the director next time you see her, Crystal, I don’t think she’s cut out for this.” The red head said. Sasha stood up so fast she sent her table forward several inches with a loud grind. Her seat fell over, but she didn’t bother picking it up. She couldn’t stand listening to them for another second. She picked up her tray and dumped her un-eaten food away.

“I’m so sorry,” Sasha heard whispered in her ear. She spun around hoping to find someone standing besides her, but she was alone except for all the eyes watching her from the other side of the room. They were much too far away for any of them to have been the cause. Great, she thought as she spun back around and left. The last thing she needed was the voices in her head feeling sorry for her. How was she supposed to defend her sanity when she wasn’t even sure herself if she was anymore?

###

The green haired cadet was more than a little miffed at the people following her around. It was one thing to sit with her at lunch and dinner; another to follow her to the bathroom and showers as well. What had started as a minor nuisance had turned into a major pain in her ass. If she had to hear one more person say, “Have you tried…” or, “What if you…” she was going to put the speaker in a headlock. Of course she had already thought of all that already! Twice! It boiled down to two possibilities: she was a person suffering from a disease of the brain where her consciousness didn’t project correctly, or she was an advanced AI. She preferred to think of herself as a person; the possibility of being created was too depressing.

Crystal had never been so happy to receive a page from the director-even when it ordered her to go down to the lab. The thought of going down there was still better than staying up here with these prying people. When she excused herself from the group, they looked up at her full of awe and admiration. She had to close her eyes to keep them from rolling out their sockets. Being the directors’ pet wasn’t as glamorous as they made it out to be.

It was a pain getting down there. It took fifteen minutes just to get past all the security checkpoints. Turn left, go down the hallway, show her ID to the first guard. A nod of his head let her know she was free to proceed. Then it was through the large steel double doors, and down a second corridor, which leads to the second security checkpoint. She typed her password into the terminal.

A door to her left opens to reveal the narrow, metal staircase that descended into the darkness below lit only by the red lights that casted an eerie glow. Her heavy boots on the metal staircase made her arrival known to all in the immediate area. When she made the last twist she found the door already opened for her- strange since she’d have to show the message, which summoned her to the person who answered the door, under normal circumstances. Crystal was allowed down here under direct orders and nothing else. She lacked the security clearance to come of her own free will- not that she wanted to- the place creped her out.

“Look at only what’s being shown to you,” was what she had been told her first time down here. A few trips to the fear chamber had taught her to keep her curiosity under control. “Don’t ask questions unless it involved her assignment,” was her second lesson. Machines and computers buzzed on all sides, but she kept her head straight resisting the urge to look around. She found the director hunched over a monitor showing the cadets heart rates and blood pressure, while talking with one of the many scientists. Crystal cleared her throat to let her presence be known.

“Oh, you made it; that was fast.” The director said. She stood back up and straightened her white lab coat out before motioning with her finger. “Please come with me; I want to hear your status report.” She led Crystal to a back office and offered her a small fold up chair. “I couldn’t help but notice the other subjects now know you work for me.” Crystal swallowed the lump that began forming in her throat. Her mission was to blend in; not stand out.

“Yes, I had to tell Barkley when he demanded to see my chip.” Crystal said.

“Did the others ask questions?”

“Non-stop.”

“What of your special project?”

“We haven’t spoken since she blew a hole in her foot.” Crystal said shaking her head. “ She’s different than when I first met her. She seemed more confident and collected back then, but now she seems like a different person. She says she’s eighteen, but I have a hard time believing that; she’s childish and has a hard time controlling her emotions.”

“What of the pill?”

“She spit it out when the med techs back was turned.”

“Interesting,” the director said, jotting down notes. “So she still rejects the idea that she’s ill.”

“She still thinks her brother’s alive.” Crystal said.

“Is there a chance she’ll catch on?”

“Even if she does; no one would believe her. Everyone’s beginning to question her sanity after you made it seem like she sent herself those messages.”

“What do you mean? I didn’t have anyone change anything.” The director said.

“The messages you had me send her say they came from the same IP address.”

“Interesting. I’ll talk to the techs; maybe they did something. It would explain the readings we’ve been getting. What of the others? Are they suspicious of you?”

“No, they still believe they are training to be soldiers.” Crystal said.

“Good, very well then. You may leave.”

“Have you come any closer to a cure for me?” Crystal asked.

“No, we’ll be in touch if anything changes.”

With an inward sigh, Crystal stood and exited the office. She knew little about this project, but with every new detail she learned she liked it less and less. These people had dreams and ambitions. Why were they tricking them into believing they were in some kind of special school? Would the money they made after the trials make it worth it to them? Each and every one of the “subjects” was mentally ill in one way or another; even Crystal with her memory loss. This “S.P.P” was all a hoax to lure participants, but why? Wouldn’t the offer of money be enough incentive? To cure mental illness via virtual reality was their ultimate goal, but why all the secrecy?

Crystal squinted as she reached the surface again. This was going to crush Sasha. She was the only one who believed in making a difference in the virtual world. She would be- just not the way she had hoped. When Crystal had been given her file, it said she had a mild case of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. They were worried that the death of her brother might break her psych, so Crystal had been ordered to send her a few messages and hang out with her. She didn’t want to do it; she had seemed so nice when she had first met her.

Crystal had even had to spend an afternoon in the fear chamber for disobeying a direct order. It wasn’t until they had threated to throw her in with the fakes had she agreed. This organization saved her from being deleted; they were all she had. She didn’t understand why they couldn’t get someone else who had PTSD. Lot’s of people had it, but the organization insisted it had to be her. So with a heavy heart Crystal had done it while reminding herself of the chip they had promised her. Once she had it she wouldn’t be stuck being the organizations dog anymore. She would be free.

###

This was all her fault, Sasha thought as she collapsed on the bed. She should have never said anything. They didn’t know Brian like she did. So what if the messages came from the same IP address. She was sure loads of people could change it. Brian could have easily made it look that way to unsuspecting eyes. She didn’t know how, but she trusted him. He had even played a game with her! That she could not have imagined!

Sasha stayed in her room alone after dinner. Crystal was god-only-knows-where. They hadn’t spoken at all since this morning. She was curious about what they had been talking about before the conversation moved onto her. How could somebody not remember who they were?

The light clicked on in her head. That was the disorder that was on her remedial test. She couldn’t imagine not remembering her life as Becca. What would it be like to wake up one day in virtual reality and not know how you got there or who you were?

Sasha rolled over and faced the door when she heard it open. She flinched seeing the deep scowl on Crystal’s face.

“I thought I’d never get them to leave me alone!” Crystal said.

“Crystal,” Sasha said, staring back at the wall, “do you-” she started to say, before stopping and letting out an exasperated sigh. “Never mind, it’s nothing.”

“You started talking, so spill.”

“It’s about the messages. Do you think I sent them to myself?” Sasha asked. Crystal visibly flinched at the mention of them. Sasha’s heart felt like it sunk into the pit of her stomach. She wanted to smack herself. What was she expecting Crystal to say, “Everyone accidently sends themselves messages and thinks they come from dead relatives?”

“What do you think?” Crystal asked, after a moment of silence.

“I think my brother’s out there somewhere looking out for me like he always does. I’ve been thinking a lot about what you said during lunch.”

“Oh, you heard that? They don’t know what they’re talking about; don’t let it get to you.”

“No, not that, the part about you not knowing who you are.”

“Oh, well, I’d rather not talk about it.”

“You talked about it with everyone else.” Sasha said under her breath, but still loud enough so Crystal could hear.

“I didn’t want to talk about it then either. Look, I just want to go to bed. I’m tired of everyone prying and adding their two cents.”

“Yeah, sure.” Sasha said. She was a bit disappointed, but she understood where she was coming from. When the lights were off and they were under the covers, she couldn’t help herself from asking, “Why have you been looking out for me? You don’t even know me that well, and I get the feeling you’re not that kind of person who looks out for everyone all the time.”

Crystal was silent for a long time; Sasha was beginning to think she had already fallen asleep. “I don’t know, maybe your little girl act works on me after all. You’re more innocent than the others. Sometimes I wonder if you are a little kid.” Crystal said, letting out a soft chuckle.

“Hey!” Sasha said.

“What’s it like to have a family?” Crystal asked. Now it was Sasha’s turn to remain quiet. The question had taken her by surprise.

“You really don’t remember, do you?”

“No, I don’t. There are so many things I’ve always wondered about. Who are my parents? How old am I? Do I have any siblings? Am I older or younger than them?”

“It has its up’s and down’s. I fight a lot with my mom, but I still love her. I got along- I mean, I get along best with my brother. I think you’d make a good older sister, you remind me a lot of him.”

“I’m so sorry,” Sasha heard whispered in her ear.

“Did you say so-“ she started to ask, but stopped when she realized Crystal was already sound asleep.

*171*2016-02-01 18:43

{{:

Is Sasha based on yourself as you added yourself into the story or its a totally different character?

}}

I did, but not in a weird, "I want to be a main character so I'm going to write a story about me" kind of thing. The tone of the story is about who you pretend to be online, "Sasha," is a front that both myself and Becca hide behind. In the beginning of the story, Sasha seems like a little bad ass, but once she goes in a full dive, her real self is revealed and she is actually quite fragile. That's pretty much where the similarities end. XD That was my original plan for this story, but I've sense taken it down a different road. Now she's more her own character.

This Sasha has a co-depency problem. Now that her brother is not there she's clinging to the first replacement she sees.

I get along great with my mom, I don't hear voices, and I couldn't beat someone up to save my life lol

*174*2016-02-02 04:51

Thanks guys :D I do so much enjoy writing plot twists and reading your reactions to them :D You know what would be really mean?

"...And Becca woke up in her white padded cell in 2016… the end." JK JK XD

$$

