The Beast

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2012-07-10 15:44

The Beast

Along a rural dirt road, in the Appalachian Mountains of Pennsylvania walked a young boy of 9 named James. He was walking this 10 mile stretch of trail on an errand given to him by his mother. It should have gone fast, but his friend, whom he had not seen in a year, ran up to him at his destination in town. His friend had been traveling, and just wouldn't shut up about all the places he'd been. Before James knew it, the sun was setting. He ran off, leaving his friend confused, and did what he came to do in the first place. He then hurried back to the trail headed for home, hoping not to be too late.

He looked to the west, and saw the sky on fire with the reds, and oranges of the setting sun. It was Autumn, and he knew it would be dark sooner than he thought. As he thought this, he realized something else, he needed to pee pretty badly. He was in such a rush in town that he didn't even notice he had to go at all. He thought of just going off the side of the trail, and then thought against it. He'd be home soon, he told himself. He could just hold it until then.

He looked to the west again, and watched as the last light dipped below the horizon. The colors of sunset turned to darkness. He noticed the trail was a lot stranger at night. He liked a challenge though, and eagerly walked on. He then took in a big breath, and let it out in a sigh. He smelled the tree pollen, and dried grasses in the air. He also smelled something else under that. A rotted smell. Like a dead animal mixed with old moss, and mold. James felt nauseous, bent over, and gagged once. At the same time his bladder gave a painful spasm, reminding him of what it wanted, as if he could forget. It hurt a lot now, but he simply squeezed his legs together and tried to go on. "If this keeps up," he thought, "I'm going to have a decision to make."

A little while later, about 15 minutes it felt to him, something strange happened. He saw a glowing woman appear out of nowhere in the woods near the trail. The shock of it made his bladder squeeze dangerously. Luckily James noticed and fought back the urge. She was wearing a white dress, and her face had a beckoning look to it. For a moment he seriously considered going to her, but then caught himself before he could do anything he would regret. Instead he pinched his arm hard, and when he looked back up she was gone. "I'm just really tired, and I hallucinated her." he told himself. But just behind that thought his mind said, "Or maybe these woods are haunted." He laughed out loud at this, but, unconsciously he started walking faster.

The next thing to happen was a sound. It rose loud out of the woods and echoed all over. It froze him in his tracks, and made his heart race. His now aching bladder gave another squeeze, and a bolt of pain through his gut. James had to clamp a hand on his crotch to avoid leaking. Then he immediately relaxed, and let out a sigh of relief. It was only a loon. He forgot that they live in these woods. He'd heard them all the time, but out here in the darkness, they sounded more menacing than before. James casually told it to shut up. It took no notice of him, and kept calling out.

His bladder had reached the point of distress. It was in the most pain he'd ever felt it before. Every step on the path sent waves of pain across his crotch, and up his belly. He wanted badly to just go off the trail like he thought of doing in the first place. But he was far too stubborn for that. He only tightened his legs more, and kept telling himself he'd be home any minute now. He couldn't even shut his eyes to focus more on stopping the urges. He knew that there were places where the path just dropped off 20 feet or more. He had to keep his eyes open for pitfalls.

Just then, he saw a large hulking shadow move to his right in the woods, along with a low gravely, grunt. Pure, primitive terror instantly swept over him. His mouth went dry, his heartbeat sped up, and a chill ran down his spine. He then noticed warmth on his crotch, and knew what was happening. He tightened his muscles, and stopped the flow, but not before a large wet spot had appeared on the blue briefs he was wearing that day. His face went red with the combined embarrassment, and fear he felt.

He could still feel it dripping down the insides of his legs, but nothing had soaked through yet, and he was glad of that much anyway. His mind then came back to the situation he was in right now. The only word he could think of was "monster". But he considered himself officially an older kid, and older kids don't believe in monsters. However, he had seen enough late night movies on TV to know it might be something else. He thought of some lunatic out there, with a knife, waiting for his next victim to pass by. That shadow didn't look human though. He wondered what it could be, nothing like that lived out in those woods. He decided to ignore it, seeing his swollen bladder of more concern at the moment. He forced his shaking legs to inch forward, and continued along the trail.

Not long later, he noticed something else. It was a clicking sound. Like an impatient person drumming on a stone. But the nails sounded a lot bigger than any humans'. Along with that was a wheezing sound, like a grown man tired after a long run. As he was imagining this, the clicking stopped, and a large, dark, shadow came flying out of the woods at him. James noticed just in time, and ducked down, avoiding it by inches. The object passed over him, and thumped loudly against a nearby tree, falling to the earth. James could only stand in place paralyzed by fear. He then noticed he'd lost control of his bladder again.

A hot stream was spraying full force into his pants, soaking through his underwear, and jeans. He flung a hand to his crotch and clamped down painfully hard. He again managed to stop it, but his hand came away wet. He looked down and saw a large wet spot had bloomed over the whole front of his pants. His wet briefs stuck to him uncomfortably now, but he really didn't care by this point. He went over to the object that had just missed him, and saw it was a big stone, about the size of his own head. He realized the thing had tried to kill him just now, and nearly succeeded too. James could then only stand motionless by his fear, and confusion at what to do next. His wet pants quickly turned cold in the night air, making him shiver badly. He thought it would be a funny story to tell if he got a cold like this. Wetting himself, while being chased by a monster.

The creature was watching him only stand there, since James was taking so ling to make a move, the creature decided to make one first. James heard an echoing human-like howl as a large shadow charged at him from the woods. At the last second he snapped out of his paralysis, and spun sideways. He felt the wind as claws swiped the air where he had just been a second ago. He spun wildly, and slammed against a nearby tree huffing, and puffing. His eyes darted around wildly in search of his attacker. He looked at where he was, and saw a dark trail leading from there, to where he was now.

"That's my blood, that thing got me ans I'm bleeding from somewhere." he thought. Then he followed the trail to the legs of his pants. The he finally felt it, warm rivers soaking through his briefs, and gushing down his legs. Filling his shoes with warm liquid, and pooling under his feet. His face reddened again at his discovery for the true reason for the trail. The relief was wonderful, and heavenly. But he realized that more important things were going on right now. He once again fought for control, actually needing to get down on his knees, and clamp with both hand to stop it this time. When he finally won back control there were tears standing in his eyes form the effort. He felt that his bladder was still half full, surely enough to hold it back now.

His mind snapped back to the situation he was in. His fight or flight response kicked on inside his brain. He chose flight. He ran off the trail, and dove into a ditch obscured by bushes. He laid down, and tried to keep as quiet as possible. He though he'd for surely evaded the monster, until he heard the wheezing sound again, getting closer, and closer. It sounded like it was smelling for him. He thought he would vomit from all the stress, and fear of tonight. He fought his food back down, and waited quietly. He miraculously heard the sound pass him. James crept out, and dashed the other way toward a field of tall grass. It was nearly to his neck as he stood, so he would only have to kneel down to hide here. He did, and then waited for any sign of the monster. After a long time it did. He heard the wheezing sniffing sound approaching again.

"How does it keep finding me?" he thought quickly. Then he knew, looking down at his still dripping pants. "I've been dripping all over the place and leaving a scent trail." He thought. He shut his eyes as it got closer, with the anticipation of his own mutilation. Then again the sound passed him. He only had a few seconds to wonder why before a sound gave him the answer. He heard a small animal, a rabbit maybe, squealing in pain, and then stopping as he heard it's bones being crushed. He then heard it tearing the animal to pieces. "That's going to be me." he thought. "It's going to do that to me any minute." The absolute terror of this thought caused another spurt to escape his bladder re-dampening his briefs. James decided to sneak away before it finished. He slowly, and carefully crept to the edge of the field near the trail, and then broke out into a blind sprint.

He ran for what seemed like eternity to him, until his lungs burned, and his legs ached. The night air whipped at his sweat clumped hair, and past his wet pants, chilling him to the bone. After a few grueling minutes like this he came to an abandoned barn. He'd passed it dozens of times on these errands, and he barely even noticed it at all. Now though, it looked like the greatest thing he'd ever seen in his life. He staggered on tired legs to the old door. He pushed the rusty hinged thing open and stepped inside. He winced at the smell of mold, and bat guano that greeted him. He found a stable that looked acceptably clean, and sat down. "I can stat here as long as I can, then I'll just sneak away later when the sun rises." he told himself. He leaned against the nearby wall, and drifted off almost immediately.

It was a sound that woke him up. A scratching sound on the wood outside the barn. He felt his still full bladder squeeze in fright. He tightened his muscles and stopped the urge dead in it's tracks. It was the monster again, he knew it. It was scratching the outside, exploring, trying to find a way in. James thought that it couldn't be the monster. He almost believed it too, until he heard the same grunting he heard earlier. It only kept circling and scratching over and over. When it scratched behind the wall where James was he'd tremble in fear, with his eyes shut tight. He thought it must have bad eyesight if it couldn't see the door. Then he remembered. He didn't even lock the door after he got in. He called himself stupid in his head and kept saying that if he only locked the door, that thing would never find a way in, and eventually just give up and leave. But he was too frightened to get up and lock it now. He only sat there and listened to it circle.

The combined stress, and fear got so bad that he thought he would vomit again. His bladder wasn't any help either. As the scratching continued, he had to constantly hold back the urges, and spasms it gave him.Once his control slipped a bit and he felt a warm trickle flow into his underwear. He now felt that he was fighting the inevitable. A losing battle. But he kept on trying for now. He kept thinking That he'd just hold it a bit longer, then go outside and let it rip. The image of the relief he saw in his mind made him happier, and uplifted him a bit. He then imagined a castle wall between his bladder, and the outside world, and that helped even more. He felt stronger because of it, and he used this new strength to prolong the war he was fighting with his bladder.

The next sound stopped all his thoughts dead. The scratching had finally reached the door. It stopped as if the monster was pondering on what it had just found, then it started to ram the ancient door hard. "It wouldn't have made any difference if I locked the door," he thought, "It nearly fell apart when I touched it, it would never hold up to that." But it did hold a lot longer than he thought it would. It took a good 4 or 5 strikes to buckle it. Then the door burst open loudly. It had shattered to splinters, and they clattered all over the cement floor. The half still attached to the hinges slapped against the back wall with a bang. Hearing this James quickly covered himself with the hay in the stable, and got into the corner in an attempt to hide. He heard a clicking sound as it strolled on the floor. He then heard it moving hay around in a nearby stable. It then moved on to the next, and the next.

"It's searching for me," he thought, "It'll find me for sure, I'll never see the sun rise tomorrow." This thought sent his heart once again racing, and his bladder throbbing in sync with it. He could still fight the urges back though, though he realized, not for much longer. He really hoped it would give up and leave. But it only continued it's search. James had counted 20 stables when he came in, and now he counted each one down, each one scaring him more than the last, each sending his bladder to new heights of agony. Eventually he resorted to clamping his crotch hard through his wet clothes with both his hands to try and stop what he knew was going to happen soon. He just kept chanting over and over in his head to wait a little longer.

Finally it came to his stable, ant stopped at the entrance. James shut his eyes tight and didn't open then. It stood there seeming to know what was under that hay pile. Maybe it could still smell the scent of the new friend it had made that night. It started moving then. It took one step, then another, then another, slowly approaching where James hid. Each step it took sent waves of pain up his crotch, as it spread all over his body. It now felt like there was a 10lb. weight in his gut. It stopped a foot from him and waited. "I'm going to lose it," he thought, "I'm going to lose control, and when it smells it, that will be it's signal to attack me." He waited for it to strike. A full minute went by with nothing happening, then suddenly a claw came up and slashed the air in front of James, missing the tip of his nose by centimeters, instantly uncovering him, and sending hay all over the stable. A fresh scratch, opened by the claw began to bleed.

James kept his eyes shut, and whimpered helplessly. not wanting to see this monster. It still only stood there looking at him. He wondered why it didn't attack. He could only sit there, cross-legged, and still clamping his crotch with both hands. He could smell it's breath. Cold, and rotten. He realized it was the same thing he smelled back in what seemed a thousand years ago at the beginning of all this. He turned his head away to avoid the stench as best he could. "It likes what it's doing to me," he thought, "It wanted a challenge in it's meal, it wanted me to run around tenderizing myself before the main course." Then he got the insane idea that he should look at it. He thought "maybe it wouldn't be so bad, maybe it's just a cat, and I imagined the rest." He almost believed it, but his rational mind wouldn't listen, reminded him of the rock, and the sounds it made. This was no cat.

However, the truth was, he really did want to see it, he was curious. This part proved more powerful than he thought and eventually won. It soon kept chanting "LOOK,LOOK,LOOK," in his head like some demented schoolyard dare. All his confusion, and stress pushed his bladder to the breaking point. Even though he was clamping with both hands as hard as he could, it constantly kept dripping moisture uncontrollably, and helplessly into his underwear. Drop by drop he was losing his war. Tears began to stream down his face. One hit his scratch and made it sting badly. Finally he decided he would look, for better or worse he would, and just get it over with.

He slowly forced his eyes open. It was a grueling process. It seemed that his rational mind still had a lot of power over him. He managed to pry them into slits, and started turning to face his predator. He laid his eyes on the thing before him, and was instantly gripped in a total, and bottomless terror he'd never known before. His eyes snapped open, and he stared helplessly, he couldn't look away now even if he wanted to, and he did want to very badly. His bladder gave one last huge contraction, and then his castle fell to rubble. He felt liquid flooding his pants. It came with an uncontrollable force that he could hear.

It hissed as it sprayed, instantly drenching his partially dry briefs, and jeans. He then felt it as it cascaded like a waterfall between his legs, and soaked the area under him. Lastly it collected in a large pool under him and spread warmth all around him. He noticed his still clamping hands become warm and wet as the flood passed them by. James didn't try and stop it this time. He just didn't care anymore. One part was the enormous relief he felt as it happened. Mostly it was the assurance he had that he'd be dead soon. He felt like he was staring death itself in the face, his own death to be exact. The monster sniffed at the air in it's wheezing breath, smelling the fresh, familiar scent wafting up from his soaked pants.

James then came out of his shock enough to look the horrible thing over completely. It was covered in a thick, black fur. The back paws were very similar to a black bears feet, but the front "paws" were human-like, with long fingers covered in that black fur that covered the rest of it's body. Each "finger" was topped with an equally long claw. The looked agile, and deadly. It had them folded back though so it walked like a gorilla. The body itself was also like a black bear's It shifted a bit, and the fur looked like it was hanging off the muscle, like it was rotten between the layers. He then moved up seeing the fur and flesh tatter around the neck, beyond that point was only bone. There were only 2 visible vertebrae.

On top of which was it's horrid skull. It looked creepily close to a humans'. The mouth was very large, and filled with sharp looking triangular teeth. Some had red stains on them, probably from a recent meal it had on the way to the barn. He could feel it's cold, rotted breath venting out from between the teeth. Boiling up from whatever decomposing thing was it's lungs. The nose was a bare hole. He could hear it as it breathed through it creating the wheezing sound he heard it making all night.

A closer look in one of the nostril holes showed a tiny worm squirming in it. He felt sick and moved on. The worst was the eyes. They were great, abysmal, pits full of darkness. However, way in the back of those pits were emerald green pinpoints of light, they flickered like flames burning deep in what impossible thing was the creature's brain. He saw they shifted slightly, studying James in return. Suddenly he felt dizzy. A black curtain fell over his vision, and he fell to the floor, passed out cold.

He awoke again about an hour later with a headache. He first thought it had all been a dream, then he felt the cold puddle surrounding him. He groaned in disgust, and got up. His legs were asleep though, and only dumped him backwards. He landed hard back in the puddle. It splattered liquid everywhere, and sent a shot of pain up his back. He also didn't like the way his pants squished when he landed. He could only sit there, helplessly soaking up his own puddle until feeling returned to his legs. When it finally did he slowly rose and straightened out. He felt the urine trickling down his legs as he started walking again.

As he finally exited the barn he looked around warily, looking for any more creatures. Seeing none, he continued at last toward home. On his way he tried to think of the last time he'd wet himself so much, no comparison came to him though. He felt the way his soggy, cold briefs stuck to him, and thought he would get a rash if he didn't deal with it soon.He was cold, and tired, and he thought it would be a miracle if he didn't get sick from this. At the end of this thought he noticed it getting brighter. He looked to the east and saw the sun rising. Despite what he thought, he had survived somehow to see it again. A while later he saw something else he never thought he'd see again, his house.

When he approached a shadow swept out the front door. He thought with panic that the monster had waited for him here. Then the shadow embraced him. It was his mother. She was relieved, not angry with him like he'd thought she'd be. He asked her why she was so worried. She said there were reports of mutilations in the woods last night. They said it was some kind of animal, there wasn't much left of the victims to identify them. The sudden confirmation of all he saw that night make his mostly empty bladder spasm anyway, He thought wildly that at least one part of him is warm now. She then asked her own, inevitable question about why he was all wet. He gave a lame excuse of how he fell into a ditch with a puddle at the bottom,(not a total lie). She accepted it anyway. If she'd been more calm at that moment she would notice the smell of urine on him.

So that was how a young boy survived being chased by an impossible creature one night in the woods. The mutilation reports eventually stopped, and people forgot about it. For James it wasn't so easy. For 2 years after he would have regular nightmares of seeing the monster's face, then it would open wide, and James would fall into it. He always woke up from these dreams soaked, and cold. His mother was concerned about her son's recent bed-wetting, sensing that he saw more in those woods that night than he'd like to say. She considered night protection for James, but he said he didn't want any, eventually the dreams stopped, and he could sleep dry again. He wondered why it let him go. Maybe it had been challenged thoroughly enough to feel some respect for it's prey, maybe because James faced it directly by looking at it. It's still there in a way. Whenever he closes his eyes he still sees two emerald flames in the darkness.

