Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*004*2022-12-20 02:45

Part 5. This part happens at the same time as part 4.

After an uneventful drive home, Damien and Travis couldn't help but reminisce on everything that just happened. By sheer luck, they had found this incredible cat girl who fell in love with everything related to daily living... Then she showed them how to listen to their animals... Finally, she demonstrated both incredible strength and speed from the moment they'd met her. The 2 young men only managed to top Roxy in one category, following a scent trail... But that was because of their dog with a very sharp nose.

Having made themselves comfortable in their respective beds, both fell asleep and dreamed of Roxy. Those adorable fluffy ears could just melt hearts! They knew there had to be some way to help.

Damien's dream shifted to a new topic... Driving through town, he looked to the passenger side of his car... THAT'S IT! He snapped awake, writing his idea down before returning to sleep.

Finally, their morning alarms woke the two young men. Stretching, and scratching his head, Damien reread his note from late last night... Fingerprints! That's it! She had to have left her fingerprints on his car. Good thing he didn't clean the interior yet, since he tends to do this much more often than he needs to.

The two young men ate their cereal, discussing what to do with the day. Neither of them worked today, and their minds were still on the previous day's events.

"Hey Travis, I had the coolest dream last night! I know what we're gonna do today! We're gonna go to the police department and have them get Roxy's prints from my car. Surely she's in their system somewhere."

"Good idea. Funny enough, I had a dream about her as well..." Travis dared not tell Damien about his time reliving watching desperate Roxy wetting herself in the hallway. No idea if she knew we could hear her, but man she was on fire in that shower! Sounded like every fiber of her being was burning red hot with passion!

The duo went ahead with the plan, driving to the police station and having the car searched for prints.

"Just a moment. You can have a seat while you wait if you'd like." The policeman took his copy of the fingerprint into the employees only door, returning after only a moment.

"Roxella Greenfield. Reported missing 26 years ago. Do you happen to know where she is? Is she safe?"

A feeling of relief overcame Damien. Both Roxy's and her family's stories were correct after all! "Uh, we gave her back to her family in the woods. The mansion on the far side of Whistling Meadow."

"I'm sure they're all relieved to know she's returned. Now that we have this information, it's important that an officer go and visit. Just to make sure everything's okay."

"May we come with you? We never got the chance to say a proper goodbye."

"I don't see any issues with that. Feel free to lead the way."

With that, Damien went back outside, lowered his convertible top, and waved to the kind policeman to signal he was about to pull out. Onyx and the police cruiser played a friendly game of tag as they left the city, pulling over at the same spot they had started their search for Roxy's family.

"We head this way, cross the meadow, and then the mansion is only another 1/4 mile or so."

"Sure is a rather secluded spot. Wonder why they never bothered having a driveway built to any of the main roads..."

"Not sure... Something about old disagreements with a different part of the family..." Said Damien, trying not to make it obvious that he had noticed Roxy in the distance. She was off at the creek, looked like she was talking about the fish or something... And the other two were with her as well.

After a rather uneventful walk through the forest, the trio entered the meadow.

"Watch it you too. Snakes love to hide in spots like this." The policeman pulled his bat and swished the grass around in front of him as he walked, hoping to scare away any snakes in their path. Or at the very least, see that they were there before getting bit.

Unsurprisingly, the policeman's training was plenty enough to get through the meadow unharmed. Only one snake didn't move out of the way.... A rather feisty little fellow that tried to bite every one of them before the policeman smacked it with his bat.

Once through the meadow and into the other section of forest, a feeling of tension came over the officer. Only now had he realized where they were. This mansion... It had to be the beast tamer's territory. Reports described his as a huge man with many animalistic features and strength comparable to a small army.

"Stay on alert. We're in the Beast Tamer's territory now. Whatever you do, don't disobey whoever you encounter. I hear he has a whole family of beasts and humans disguised as beasts working to keep the place secluded. I'd love to know what it is they're hiding, but that's not something to pry on. Last thing we wanna do is make the master of the mansion angry. There's old footage of the fight between him and the beasts from the east. I've never seen anything like the way he fought off over 200 beasts, all of which were fully transformed and had lost all their humanity."

"Hold on. Is that what animalization is? A way of losing your humanity? Roxy didn't seem wild at all... At least not once I got her to calm down. True, she has many feline features like ears, a tail and claws, and she can do things that no human could dream of... But she's still just a girl who's spent her entire life looking for her family. Something about all the scents mixed together in the meadow prevented her from following her mother's scent back to the mansion."

Travis chimed in as well, defending Roxy as a kind person. "Yeah, she even spoke with our pets! I couldn't understand the language at all, but she was able to tell us everything about both of our pets after just a moment of conversation with them. Even going so far as knowing what flavor of wet cat food was Sasquatch's favorite. When we had dinner at the mansion, Roxy said she could speak English, Feline, Canine, Bear, and something else I can't remember."

"Deer." Replied Damien.

"So she is a beast, then. To think she's so well behaved." Replied the officer, taking a moment to process what the two young men just said... Wait. They had dinner at the mansion? How'd these two get inside? That's suicide!

Reaching the edge of the lawn, the officer was about to tell the two young men to lay low while he looked for an opening... There were 3 gardeners scattered throughout various parts of the lawn, a caretaker cleaning moss off the boulders by the front porch, and worst of all, the Beast Master and his daughter were on the front porch. Nothing we can do now but wait for an opening... "Keep down. Sooner or later, we'll get an opportun-"

"Chloe! It's me, Damien! I brought Travis, and someone who wants to check in on how Roxy's doing."

"You don't have to yell! I can smell you humans from a mile away... Come on over, the grass beside the house is still damp. Go roll around for a bit."

The trio did as they were told.

Naturally, the officer had a couple questions. "You know her? And why are we rolling around on the ground like animals?"

"Yeah, I know her. She's the one that greeted us when we brought Roxy back. As for the rolling in the grass... Something about reducing our human stench... I'm not really sure. I just know our smell offends the master of the house."

"Seems about right. It is a family of beasts after all." Said the policeman, yet to notice the old lady creeping closer to him...

"Beast. Keep your thoughts to yourself. We're animalized humans." Said Roxy's mother, now staring down the officer with the eyes of a predator on the hunt... Something was off... This didn't quite seem like Roxy's mother... She wasn't quick to retort like that, and she never spoke with such authority...

That's it! Damien spoke up against the would-be mother. "Very funny, we know it's you. Your daughter hasn't left the porch at all, has she?"

"To be honest, I just wanted to see this armed man here grab his weapon so I could flatten him." Said the grandfather, undoing his transformation.

If you hadn't figured it out yet, he's the one the authorities know as the Beast Tamer. He's the only animalized human to regain a human mentality. That came with the price of reduced animalization in his children and grandchildren, except for Roxy of course.

"I heard you were here to check on Roxy, yet you still smell of fear and anger. I'm glad to see you're not here to start a fight. So far, the authorities have left us alone, and I'd like it to stay that way. But since you're already here, calm down and come inside. I owe these two young men a favor for returning my granddaughter." He may have said to calm down, but transforming back into his beastly form came with the return of his booming and commanding voice... Naturally, it took the group a moment to truly calm themselves.

"Do you know when Roxy will be back? I have something for her. We left in such a hurry yesterday that I forgot to give it to her." Said Damien, trying to change the topic in any way he could.

"Not. They're on the other side of the meadow. Even I can't tell where they are." Replied the grandfather.

A warm, refreshing voice spoke to the whole group... "Dad! Are you torturing our guests again?"

"No... Uh... Yes... It's fun. You should try it sometime."

"Sure, why not. Get down on your knees and turn your head into a crow!"

"I don't have crow in me. How would I turn into a crow?"

"Naturally. Look, just don't be mean to every person that stumbles across this place."

"Not true. I wasn't mean to Scott." Barked the grandfather.

"I guess that is true... But that's because he impressed you. Usually humans are afraid of us, rather than just walking out of the forest and saying hello like it was nothing." Retorted the mother.

The police officer spoke up, suddenly making sense of the whole situation nearly 30 years in the making. "You mean Scott Greenfield? He's got himself a mansion in the city where he raises stray cats before putting them up for adoption. He said he was raising this Roxella girl, and she just disappeared one day. He immediately reported her missing, but we never managed to find her."

"He raises stray cats? Huh. Guess he really took to my little miracle. Here I was worried he'd tried to survive in the woods all by himself."

Damien went next, breaking up the pace a bit. "Wait a minute... We've gotta explain this to Roxy when she gets back. She's been under the impression that her father is long gone. I'm sure she'll be relieved to know he's alive and well."

"Why don't we continue this conversation indoors. Dad, can you call all the staff into the main hall. It's time we make a decision on what to do next."

"Sure thing. I'll have the maids start some tea."

With that, everyone went back into the mansion. Even the gardeners and groundskeepers were called into the main hall. The maids brought tea, and sat down alongside everyone else. The only ones missing were Roxy and her sisters.

"First thing's first. This is for Roxy when she gets back." Damien put a recipe book on the coffee table in front of him. He opened the book to reveal a bookmark on the Hamburger Helper page. "She absolutely loved this at my place. If you're all feline except for the master of the house, then I'd imagine this one will be rather popular."

"May I?" One of the maids asked, gesturing towards the book.

"Go for it. It's Roxy's now, so make sure she gets it when she gets back."

"Thank you." The maid began reading the recipe for Hamburger Helper.

A long conversation began and lasted for over an hour. What was the family's next step? Why not have Roxy go back to the city with Damien and his roommate to meet her father? Yeah. That sounds like a good start. As for the rest of the family, they talked with the police officer on how to establish relations with humans. The whole reason their mansion was hidden in the forest was because humans were afraid of them... But it seems this was no longer the case.

Meanwhile, a commotion unfolded outside. Immediately after, Stella managed to sneak past everyone and get into the shower without anyone noticing.

Roxy and Daisy followed the sounds of their mothers voice and ended up in the main hall. Huh. Wonder what Roxy could have been doing to get only her stomach wet... Didn't matter, she looked upset.

Roxy pulled her mother into the next room over and explained what happened, prompting the mother to go and check on Stella. It was only 20 more minutes before the entire family was in the main hall. The plan was explained to the children, and all agreed.

After lunch, Roxy and her sisters would get a ride from the policeman. They were going to see their father. The adults had some business to take care of...

End of part 5.

*005*2023-01-05 02:44

Part 6. This part directly follows part 5. I drew inspiration from How To Train Your Dragon and The Incredibles among other things in this part. Wonder if anyone noticed the Phineas and Ferb reference before Damien and Travis went to the police station...

The police officer was finishing his talks with the Greenfield family when he had an interesting idea... Daisy and Stella don't appear animalized, yet they display strength and spry far exceeding what they look like they could do. Wonder if they'd be any good at the Olympics. This thought was cut short by one of the maids...

"On behalf of the Greenfield family, I thank you for everything you've done today. While we've been actively avoiding the authorities and keeping to ourselves for over 20 years, we had no idea things outside had progressed so far. You've opened our eyes to many new options. Thank you, from the bottom of our hearts."

"You're welcome. I just did what any good officer should do. Someone reported missing was reported to have been returned, and I came to check on them. Really, it was nothing."

"Either way, we're truly grateful for everything. Please have a safe journey back. Roxy should be able to lead the way." Motioning her head to Roxy, the maid whispered something in Feline.

Roxy took the opportunity to take charge of the situation. "They're safe with me. I'm more than capable of protecting this bunch. Let me know what the next move is going to be when we get back."

"You hear that? You've got nothing to worry about. Should've seen her jump from the base of the trees onto the roof yesterday!"

That's what I'm worried about... Hope she doesn't show her animal side and start an incident... Thought the police officer.

It was at this point that an idea blossomed in Roxy's head... "Hey Daisy, Stella, I've got an idea... It's a bit out there, but it lines up with everything that's been happening to me. Since going to the city, interacting with humans, and coming back to the mansion, my senses have only gotten sharper. I feel like I'm even stronger than I used to be. That and... I'm more in control of my... Impulses... Now. I wonder if this is what granddad meant when he said that being animalized and being a beast are two different things... That being a beast means losing your humanity, and being animalized is when you get it back. Wonder where I fall between those two..."

Daisy was the first to voice a response. "To be honest, you seem rather tame for everything you're capable of. Your strength and speed might even be greater than anything that even mom's seen granddad do during the great battle for the mansion, yet you're so kind and gentle. You're the best sister ever!"

"Great battle? You mean the scar in the forest where the meadow is now?" Asked Roxy.

"Yep. That's from granddad fighting the main family off and keeping us all safe." Answered Daisy.

Roxy's idea only grew stronger, and she decided to voice it in its entirety. "Surely there's a way to animalize the main family. They seem like just beasts. There's a couple scents in the meadow that aren't from granddad, mom, you two, or the staff at the mansion. And they're potent, with a wicked smell to them. Something just feels off about them, like they're just parts of a bigger potion of scents... I think I'd like to spend some time in the meadow, you guys go on ahead back to the car. I'll catch up in a few moments."

With the girls following the police officer who was clearing snakes with his bat, Roxy did a little exploring. She could smell those snakes from a mile away and made her way to where the scent in question was the strongest. Surely there's something here. Some fur, a chunk of old flesh, anything. It didn't take long for Roxy to find an old horn buried in the grass and weeds. Giving it a sniff, her suspicions were confirmed. Oh. My. God! He's from the family too! But this only adds to the situation...

Allow me to explain. Roxy had found a horn carrying her father's scent, minus the human odor. A great deal of beast scents were all mixed together in the meadow, making it difficult to tell if everything she was picking up on was truly from the horn.

Roxy sprinted out of the meadow into the forest where she used to live, and took a few more sniffs of the horn. It was definitely her father's scent... Yet there was a certain mixture that reminded her of her grandfather. It was now confirmed in her mind, her father was a member of the main family.

Leaping from the base of one tree to another, Roxy made her way out of the forest and to the car where everyone was waiting. She presented the horn to the officer, asking if there was any way to identify it. After all, they'd somehow identified her by the ends of her fingers.

"We'd need to analyze it back at the station. Can't really say much just by looking at it. Although it doesn't look like it came from anything that lives in the forest." The police officer picked up his radio and called the station. He asked if someone could come pick up a horn and see if they could identify it, as he was going to be accompanying citizens to go see a relative. The station agreed, and a plan was made to meet up with another officer at the West Grandston bus stop.

On the way there, Roxy told everyone what was on her mind. How she knows for sure that it's her father's horn, yet he doesn't carry the horn's scent... At least he didn't when she lived with him in the forest. It made sense that he might've removed the horn before coming to the city when Roxy was taken, but that didn't add up either. The entirety of the Greenfield family believed Scott to be human. He'd had to have removed the horn before making contact with the family at the mansion, otherwise there's no way he'd have convinced them that he was human. Then again, he was really good with creating and erasing scents...

"Hey guys, I just realized something... Remember how I told you about how dad taught me to create and remove scents by using the plants of the forest? What if he'd made himself smell human to fool granddad?"

"You think we're walking into a trap?" Asked the police officer, trying to make sense of the situation.

"I don't think that's it. When I knew dad back in the forest, he never once did anything but care for me. There's no way he's truly a wild beast. If I had to guess, he removed the horn as a way of losing his animalization... Here, give this a sniff. IDK if you can smell it, but there's one scent missing other than human."

Daisy and Stella each took a few sniffs before Stella noticed the oddity. "There's no scent of mom or any of us. The only feline scent is yours, and that's probably just from you handling it."

"Exactly right! I knew you guys had something still going for you!" Roxy exclaimed, glad that her sisters at least had some of her abilities. Even their 30 foot jumps were plenty more than a human could pull off.

"Do you think he took part in the battle for the mansion and lost his horn?" Asked Daisy, not realizing the true gravity of the question she'd just asked.

"That can't be it. This thing's scent doesn't match the scents in the meadow. As weird as this sounds, I've gotten used to the meadow after crossing it a few times, and this horn stuck out like a sore thumb thanks to its scent. Stella, you picked up on the missing scent. Can you find the extra one?"

"Uhhh........" Stella continued sniffing the horn, flipping it over and getting some good whiffs of the other side, she kept looking. "Yeah, but I've no idea what it is. I've never smelled it before."

"Rhinoceros. You're not gonna find that in the forest. That also explains the shape of the horn, halfway between a wild boar and a rhino." Said Roxy, still trying to figure out what this might all mean.

Daisy spoke up with a rather concerned tone to her voice. "Granddad has rhino in him. He always told us that if we ever encountered a rhino, we should just run away as fast as we can. That being said, I've never actually seen one other than granddad turned himself into one to show us what they look like."

"I think we're going to meet one pretty soon. He looks human and has managed to fool all of us. Don't bring any of this up, we don't want to cause trouble. Besides, I'm mainly just excited to finally see him again! Rhino or not, he raised me as best as he could. He truly cared for me and that's what this visit is all about. Let's see if we can't convince him to come back to the mansion once we're all caught up."

The conversation seemed to stall out into awkward silence, leaving nobody with any idea what to say next. Didn't really matter though, they were almost at the bus stop.

"This is it. I'll take the horn if you don't mind." Spoke the officer, extending a hand towards Roxy who handed him the horn.

"Hi Carl. Can you take this to the station and see if anyone or anything is on file to match it? Thank you."

"Sure thing, I'll get right on it."

With that, the trio and officer continued their journey to their dad's house. Roxy pointed out all the city's features that fascinated her, noticing her sisters being just as amazed as she was when she first visited. The lights on the poles weren't on at the moment, but just describing them was enough to utterly amaze her sisters! The trio continued their ecstatic conversation of the city while looking out the windows with glimmers in their eyes.

To think I was afraid of the Greenfield family just because of the beast tamer. Come to think of it, he wasn't even willing to make the first move. True, he tried to provoke me, but that fell through pretty quickly. I don't think he hates humans... I think he hates humans that use animalized people as slaves. Thought the officer before announcing that they'd arrived at their father's house.

A tall gray on gray house with lots of windows and cat houses scattered throughout the front yard. A sign on the large front door read GREENFIELD CAT SANCTUARY. All Are Welcome.

Walking to the front door, the group encountered no less than 20 cats scurrying around the front yard. A few came to sniff the sisters, but none started any conversations. It's almost like they were trained to greet people and nothing more...

Ringing the doorbell, the officer couldn't help but notice how tense Daisy was becoming. She just couldn't stand still. Poor thing must be so nervous she could barely think.

It was only about 30 seconds before someone answered the door. A tall, broad man pulled the door open and started to ask who was there before locking eyes with Roxy. The two just froze. Roxy leapt onto him, knocking him back from the doorway. Standing up, the two shared a silent hug for over a minute before Daisy spoke up.

"It's great to meet you sir, my name's Daisy. I'm Roxy's little sister. This is Stella, my other sister. And this is the man who drove us here." Once again, she was doing a superb job of hiding just how terribly full her bladder really was. She'd had to pee since before they left the mansion over 90 minutes ago, but was so excited she'd straight up forgot to use the restroom before leaving.

"Nice to see you again man! I see business is booming like usual." Said the officer.

"Yep. Never a shortage of stray cats in the city haha. Speaking of which, looks like we've got one that's no longer a stray. Roxy, I hope you know the gravity of what you've just done. Now that you've left the forest, if the Bridle family were to find you, I'd have no way of protecting you. I can't show myself to them ever again, it'd start a war."

"That shouldn't really be an issue sir. Roxy here boasts ungodly amounts of speed, strength and stamina. You should see the way she leaps through the forest. Cleared the whole thing in less than 2 minutes!" Responded the officer.

"Jesus. Sounds like you've grown up nice and strong. How did the Peace family treat you?"

"The Peace family?" Asked Roxy, a look of confusion on her face.

"The farmers that took you in. I assume they taught you everything I couldn't. After all, I've lost my animalization when the Bridles took my horn."

"Those farmers were planned?! HOW COULD YOU DO THAT TO ME?! YOU RAISED ME IN THE FOREST TO SHOVE ME IN A BASEMENT TO BE BEATEN FOR YEARS?!" Both sisters leapt into action, holding Roxy back and calming her down. Although the hair on her tail was still standing on end, she'd definitely began to calm down...

"Sounds like things didn't go to plan... Please. Come inside. Tell me what happened." Said Scott, honestly feeling slightly afraid of Roxy at this point.

Unfortunately, something else was also in motion at the moment. It's taken all her strength to hold Roxy back, and poor Daisy didn't had suffered the escape of several powerful spurts. Somehow, she'd kept her composure and still didn't show her burning desperation.

"Excuse me, sir... I know is isn't a good time, but could I use your restroom? I really can't wait."

"Uh sure... It's down the hall to the left. Third door on your right."

"Thank you" Said Daisy, disappearing down the hallway. Barely making it to the bathroom without completely losing it, she began a frantic pee dance while opening the door. Man did it feel great to give in to her desperation! Unfortunately, luck wasn't on her side. She opened the restroom door to find a bunch of cats that she'd have to walk around and between. Trying her best, she put one foot in each open spot on the floor, slowly making her way to the toilet on the far side of the gigantic fancy bathroom.

Losing another spurt, she now showed a wet spot on her shorts. Roughly the size of a golf ball, she feared she might lose the rest right there! She started undoing her pants and quickly squatted over the side of the large bathtub right beside her. Whether she wanted to relieve herself this way or not, it didn't matter anymore. She honestly tried to keep holding it, convinced she'd eventually regain her composure and could make it to the toilet. The escape of another spurt proved otherwise...

Shooting out of her like a rocket, her boiling hot piss crashed against the tub and she just hoped the closed door was enough to hide what was going on in there. It was a constant struggle of slowing the stream to keep quiet, only for another spasm to bring it back to full force. This process repeated until she gave in and just let it all out. It was so loud!

A moan of pleasure escaped her lips, quiet as she could make it. Her face was beet red, cheeks glowing and eyes feeling heavy from ecstasy. She was in heaven. Even breathing had somehow become pleasureful in that moment. She dared not make another peep, lest she announce her fetish to everyone else.

End of part 6.

*006*2023-01-05 22:28

Hello everyone... I have good news and bad news.

Bad news is first. I'm taking this moment to address a shift in writing style that I hadn't realized I had done. You see, I've had part 7 all thought out for awhile now, and as a result, I've rushed parts 5 and 6 in an effort to be ready to write part 7.

This was quite simply a mistake. By rushing my writing, I've deviated from details that would've helped set up part 7. Things like giving details on how characters' features move in response to stimuli, how people feel, etc. etc.

Good news! Since part 7 has been in my head for quite awhile now, I've got it all fleshed out and will be including lots of juicy details!

I once again apologize for the lack of detail in parts 5 and 6, and promise to get everything back on track with part 7.

Thank you for bearing with me,

Daredare205's best!
